Tonight, March 11, 2007, has Sony won back some fans with the unveiling of PlayStation Home, the Anharmonix Forge deal, and has an online poll foreseeing the return of Knights?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and the gamer culture and gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I have salad.
You have a salad, a yummy salad?
I has a salad.
I has Fresh Choice earlier today.
It was good.
It has Quiznos.
Do they have Fresh Choice all throughout the country?
I don't know.
Is that a local thing?
Basically, it's an entire restaurant that's a giant salad bar.
The only way you get salad bars is if you go to Shoney's.
Or Sizzlers.
We don't have Sizzlers in Alabama.
I know what Shoney's is, but they don't have that here.
Shoney's is nasty.
Well, so is Waffle House, yet it's still popular.
Waffle House is not nasty.
Waffle House has special drugs that they put in the hash browns.
Anyway, say hello as well to Tech Master Loki.
A whole place dedicated to salads, nasty.
What the fuck?
It's a pita's dream, I mean, seriously.
Or pita's dream, yeah.
They have pizza and soup, too.
Okay, well, soup is okay.
Why the fuck is pizza there?
That's just so random.
I guess it's healthy pizza, I don't know.
Well, I remember... God, I went there a long-ass time ago with an ex, and...
I had pasta there.
Pasta was okay, but salad is just nasty.
That's what food eats.
I don't eat that.
I eat food.
All right.
Well, let's get into tonight's program.
First off, actually, I want to say, Techmaster Loki, did you notice we did not get the FUs of the Week music automatically start playing?
I was a good boy this week and made that not play.
That's because he told you to.
What?
No.
No?
I thought of it all by myself.
Stupid Jamie revealing stupid behind-the-scenes stuff.
All right, anyhow.
Also, I do want to plug the chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
We have lots of boys and girls that come there to chat with us, kind of the fourth guest of our program when we don't have any other regular fourth guests such as tonight.
We don't really have a regular fourth guest.
That kind of sucks.
I tried to get Dan to come.
Oh, really?
Why didn't you know I was going to come?
And his loud friends.
Probably for the best they didn't come then.
Yeah.
They're playing some car game.
When's Marissa coming back?
Maybe next week.
Sweet.
How about Chris?
Maybe next week.
Because I'm horribly broke, I have to have Chris and Marissa come up here for doing the birthday stuff.
I think that might be when Rice Princess and Eddie come here too, so we could get everybody in here in one week.
You know what?
We could just all leave.
Honestly.
Three of us could just take the night off.
Let them do the show.
What do you say, chat room?
Let Chris, Rice Princess...
and Marissa and Eddie do the show instead of us.
Okay.
What do you say?
We'll take the night off.
We'll go out to eat.
Let's do that.
We'll go to Country Waffles.
We'll go to Fresh Toys.
Our knockoff of Waffle House we have out here.
We'll go to Fresh Toys.
All right.
They close at four.
The entire chat room's at no, no, no.
And they're only open breakfast and lunch.
Oh, damn it.
All right.
Oh, we got a hell yeah from Zappy.
There you go.
DDR dollar bill, hell fucking yes.
They don't love us anymore is what it boils down to.
That's sad.
Alright, well, let's start off tonight's program the way we usually start it off with.
A little bit of How Is Your Gaming Week, where we talk about the games we've been playing this week, if anything at all.
DarkSakura.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Still, huh?
Yes, and then Dan had to take it back, so he's just going to buy it for me after payday.
The only freaking PS3 game I will play, like, regularly.
I love my PlayStation 3 now.
It gives me Captain America and Wolverine.
In the same game.
Although the damn thing is on the Wii and the 360 as well.
I don't care.
360 achievement points.
That's true.
The Wii could do flippy floppy movie things.
You know what?
I don't like doing that.
I do not like doing that.
I have to say, as much as I love the Wii, I think that when you have games that are made for play like that, that's one thing.
But when you have a fucking platformer, just fucking put a controller in my hand and let me play.
Exterminate!
Goddammit, Tigerclaw, why do you have to drive the knife in my heart?
I'm assuming, I haven't even looked at chat, I'm assuming Tigerclaw's talking about how your Wednesday must have been.
How did your Wednesday go?
I hate you, Marvel!
Bitches!
In case, for whatever reason, this is your first week listening to Orange Lounge Radio, you know, sometimes we talk about our personal lives as well, and one thing that DarkSakura is also a fangirl of is comics, namely Captain America...
And which is funny because really on this program, I know you've liked Captain America a long time, but it really seems like, especially in the past six weeks, your fandom seems to have rekindled.
Because I started reading all the Civil War comics and I was like, dude, he's cool.
Okay, but then, so it was kind of funny that, I mean, not like funny haha, but funny like, don't call Jamie today.
Like when I saw it in the news that they'd killed off Captain America.
So how was your day when that happened?
He will be back.
You think he'll be back?
Oh, come on.
It's a fucking, you know, Marvel needs money, so they do gimmicky things.
So I was looking at your All Games community page today, and somebody decided to jab the knife through your heart a little more.
Basically, somebody put a comment on Jamie's page and said, like, ha-ha, Captain America died.
What do you say to those people that say, ha-ha, Captain America died?
Died of fire.
That's what I thought.
Is there anything else in your week you want to talk about?
Um...
I really like my salad.
It's tasty.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I didn't realize that there were actually stages in the game so it's kind of neat they get to become different things including like a dolphin looking thing so that's kind of neat and then I played Motorstorm which Motorstorm is pretty awesome graphically and it's pretty fun to play my only gripe on it split screen multiplayer for one that would have been nice the other thing is you know the game looks so awesome and there's like some pretty cool animation in the little menus and stuff
But during races, the fucking spectators are cardboard cutouts.
And they're not even animated cardboard cutouts, they're just like stuck in a pose.
And I'm like, I understand that, you know, you probably couldn't animate all these people in the game, even though other games can do that, you know.
That's how I was in the Gran Turismo HD concept at E3, right?
Oh yeah, and I still thought I was retarded there.
Granted, they're probably trying to save on, you know...
Calculations and stuff to make it run smoother.
But the least you could do is make them animate a little bit.
So I can kind of go, okay, at least that doesn't look as hokey.
It's 2D, but at least it's animating or doing something, cheering and stuff.
When I see just a person standing there frozen, it just looks retarded.
That's something you would do on the fucking Super Nintendo or something.
And even the fucking Super Nintendo had animated sprites that were cheering in the background.
Yeah, but those little dudes aren't sprites anymore.
Sprites are so last gen.
Okay, well, it's still something that's sitting there in 3D spaces 2D, okay?
Whatever.
So they could have done that.
That's my big gripe on that.
Otherwise, the game's fun.
I had a lot of fun playing it.
Speaking of last gen, AlphaCanongram in chat says, Loki, split-screen multiplayer is so last gen.
Oh, yeah, it's so last gen.
That's why Halo 3 is going to fucking have split-screen multiplayer.
That's why Call of Duty 3 has split-screen multiplayer.
That's why Gears of War has split-screen multiplayer.
So fuck off.
It's still in town, okay?
No, last gen, it's because you can't fucking program a game that can have multiple instances of it running at the same time.
So, that's just lazy programming.
Which, you know, I'm sure MotorStorm wasn't lazy programming.
It wasn't like they downgraded from 1080p and 60 frames per second to 720p and 30 frames per second.
Which, I still say, though, the game looks fun.
And it looks pretty awesome.
Some other things that they probably didn't think about, though, when you're playing in first person, like, say, in the cockpit type thing,
Um, and it's not really in the cockpit, the camera's just on the front of the vehicle, which is still stupid.
But, if you happen to crash into something and your hood gets bent, you could actually not be able to drive in that perspective because it's blocking the whole camera.
Which, totally makes sense.
But, uh, anyways.
So, other than PlayStation 3 stuff, um, let's see here.
On the PSP, I was playing, of course, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories, which is fun.
I also put some homebrew stuff on there, including...
This game called No Gravity, which I might say this game right here, they could totally sell at retail and it looks a lot better than most of the PSP games out there.
And so the fact that most of those games out there for the PSP are getting their asses kicked by a homebrew game, that's pretty sad.
That's pretty sad that a demo for a game looks way better than a lot of the stuff at Konami, Capcom, whatever put out on the PSP.
So it can be done.
I just would like to see some more independent games come out there.
Maybe something like XNA or something like that for the PSP would be pretty awesome.
But that's about it.
I'm about to load the Thrill Kill and DDR5th Mix on my PSP during the show.
Well, keep us posted on that.
So you're not actually going to be participating in tonight's show?
Oh, no, I will be.
Okay.
Do that in between.
All right.
That's fine.
HitStun wants to know, does the retail MotorStorm crash every five minutes?
Nope.
No.
My Gaming Week Surprisingly enough, I actually played a little bit of Crackdown this week Which is usually not the type of game I would get into, but
Crackdown's kind of fun.
It's like Grand Theft Auto, only there's no hookers to have sex with.
And you jump really, really high and flying all over the place and all that stuff.
But I find there's a lot to discover.
I kind of like just walking around doing random stuff.
Like, you know, I don't really like having to fight the gangs and get into that whole thing.
No, I like to jump around the Ferris wheel and do the little race around the Ferris wheel.
That stuff's fun.
And finding the orbs and all that stupid crap.
So,
Good times with Crackdown.
A couple people tried to challenge me in co-op or whatever, or I guess you don't really challenge someone in co-op.
They wanted to play co-op with me, and I declined, because I suck at Crackdown.
But this week, I'll probably actually play, because I was still trying to learn Crackdown.
I don't want someone to come into a game with me, and I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing.
Did I just shoot you?
Oh, shit, I just blew you up with a rocket launcher.
I don't know.
I kind of want to have a little skill before.
Because sometimes I feel weird playing listeners.
I have a lot on the Xbox Friends list.
I think the listeners sometimes expect us to actually be good at games because we talk about them.
They really don't know about you.
Oh, hi, Rice Princess.
You came out of nowhere.
Oh, sorry.
What'd you say?
You said they really don't know much about you, then.
No, they don't.
Ha ha.
That's fine.
That was a jab at you.
Jeremy Tau once said, Rob didn't want to play co-op with me.
He denied me when I asked to join his game.
Actually, that may not have been me because the other thing you have to keep in mind is that Shane has been playing my game without asking, by the way.
You're having a fluffer takeover.
What, Loki?
So you're having an e-penis fluffer takeover.
Yes, Shane is fluffing my e-penis.
Maybe right now as we speak.
Don't make a face, Rice Princess.
Rice Princess, how was your gaming week, if you have anything to share?
Hey, guess what?
I was playing WoW.
Did you?
Wow, you played WoW.
Wow, that's the same as every other week.
I play a lot of World of Warcraft as well, actually.
I know.
Almost every time I come on, I see you.
I made a troll.
You're a troll.
DarkSakura.com
with all your gear.
It's 29, get it right.
Oh, it's 29 now.
Because you told me when I went and played on your server once, it was like, you go to 19 and then you stop and you play nothing but Warsong Gulch for the rest of your life.
Yeah, that's what I did originally, but then I discovered the world of 29 and I was like, wow, you get poisons as a rogue.
And you get Arathi Basin, which I think is an awesome PvP.
Exactly.
Because Warsong Gulch is so last gen.
Oh my god, yeah.
Like, who does that anymore?
God.
All that Isla Storm.
I'm just kidding.
Okay, twinks are like the young, hot boys, right?
Like the good-looking ones that... Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but sure, I guess I get what you're getting at.
Like magazine-looking guys.
Why don't you elaborate on what exactly a gay twink is?
I don't know if all the listeners want to... It's basically a person who... I would think a guy who kind of looks underage who isn't.
Like your blonde hair, blue-eyed, that whole thing.
Okay.
Completely waxed everywhere type look.
So, like, the best looking, like, no?
I think it's kind of an unnatural look.
It has to do with, like, an age thing?
Do we really have to keep going with this topic?
Well, because then it's going to, like, maybe my perception of what a twink is is different.
Okay, you know good enough.
Okay, I thought it was, like, you know, it had something to do with, like, old men liking twinks.
So they would, like, be their sugar daddies and give them a lot of money and stuff.
Maybe, I don't know.
And I'm thinking, like, okay, well, to be a twink, you have to have a lot of money to pay for your stuff.
So maybe twinking is, like, whoring yourself out to, like, get money to get all these awesome enchants and stuff.
I mean, but that's just a theory.
I don't really know.
I just heard a bunch of people say, oh, twink, twink, twink.
And I was like, okay, sure.
That's exactly what I am.
If by twink you mean awesome.
All right.
I'm trying to see if there's anything in the chat room here that says what's going on.
JV Mon says, welcome to gay slang chat on OLR.
There you have it.
Let's see.
Squeenix says, in the gay slang, twink is a term that describes a young or young-looking male usually of slender build with little to no body hair.
Often they are described as blonde hair and blue eyed.
To many gay men, the term is pejorative and implies shallowness and stupidity.
Twinks are typically contrasted with bears, and that's from Wikipedia.
So there you have it.
But that doesn't say anything about how the hell, then, did they get the name in World of Warcraft?
You know what?
I have no idea.
I didn't realize there were so many gay players in WoW, right?
That they would come up with a different name.
All right, I'm done.
I'm done with this topic.
Yeah, we're done with that.
I'm done with that.
Let's talk about other news.
You do that.
But I only stopped by to say hi, so I'm going to leave now.
Bye, get out.
Bye, listeners.
We don't like you anyway.
Fine.
Get out.
I wish everyone hates me.
Yes, well, most of the podcasts you're listening to this week are probably going to be talking a lot about their experiences at Game Developers Conference.
But not us, we didn't go.
Nope.
That's right, we sat home on our big butts and read about it on the internet, just like most of you guys out there did at home.
I was originally going to go to Game Developers Conference, but some things came up and I didn't end up going.
But we did get to...
Go to San Francisco yesterday to meet some people that we, you know, because if I had gone to Game Developers Conference, it would have been like a networking thing.
Like, I would have gotten to meet a lot of people and all that stuff.
So what we did is we drove to San Francisco because some of our buddies over at All Games were in town.
And, of course, we rebroadcast our program over on All Games on Monday nights.
So we went over and met with some of the All Games folks.
We met with Bobby and we met with Lawrence, although Lawrence we were basically taking to the airport.
So we didn't get to spend a lot of time with him.
Bobby, who does the other Sunday Night Show you might listen to over on All Games, we spent some time with him when we went to Sunnyvale Golf Land, which is a pretty big arcade, kind of infamous in Northern California for the many fighting game tournaments it's had and DDR music game tournaments it's had.
Kind of sad to go in there and see the place as basically turned into the entire middle where they used to have tons of classic games.
Like, you know, they had like the old school fighting games and stuff were all up in the middle section.
All gone, and it's all ticket spitters now.
Which kind of made me sad.
I don't know.
I made this big long rant over at my all games blog over at community.allgames.com about how kind of sad it is just to see that the arcades are kind of
Really giving way to the ticket spitters.
And although Sunnyvale Golf Line did have some pretty cool music games, they had, you know, Beatmania 2DX Happy Sky, which I got to play, and they had Poppin' Music 8, which was cool, and they had some nice racing games.
They had, like, everything in the little niche genres they had.
I don't know, it was kind of sad to see that most of the arcade has turned into that whole gambling for kids thing.
So it kind of got me thinking, what do you think it would take...
for us to really go back to arcades now?
Because, you know, a lot of folks say that arcades are dying because you can get the same experience at home and you can get a lot of them on Xbox Live.
What do arcades need to do business again?
New games and well-maintained games and just something... Because even still, you can play DDR at home, but it's not the same as playing in the arcade.
And, you know, just you need the atmosphere back.
It's pretty much it.
You need to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Dave and Busters.
Dave and Busters is kind of like that for adults.
I mean, do you really play a lot of the arcade games, Dave and Busters?
Maybe a few, but a lot of us kind of succumb to the whole ticket spitting thing at Dave and Busters because we're drunk.
Right?
No, I usually go off and, you know, when they had the, what was the, Mecha Assault?
When they had that there, I know that that was always what, you know, whenever I'd go with Dan and the guys, that's what they went right for.
And I'd always play my Deluxe games, you know.
But they got rid of Mecha Assault.
Stupid fuckers.
I'm not really angry at the ticket spitters necessarily.
It's disappointing to see, but if that's where the money is, I mean, it's not like I'm totally mad at Golfman because if that's where the money is, that's what they're going to buy, right?
I mean, granted, those ticket spitters probably make them a ton of money, but...
I try to think about what's really been new in the arcade lately that I've had to get excited about.
DDR Supernova?
Well, I'm sorry, Bomani fans, but DDR Supernova was pretty much just a DDR 9th mix.
It didn't bring a whole lot of new stuff to the table, really.
It was just kind of the same game all over again.
And even you could say the games like In the Groove and stuff that tried to fill in the gaps, same thing.
It was four panel dancing.
It was the same damn game you always knew.
But even DDR alone was not going to save an arcade.
You know what I mean?
There hasn't been a lot of new stuff in general.
I mean, the last big new arcade release I can think of was Soul Calibur 3, but that was already on the home consoles.
So, I don't know.
It seems like they're really starting to just kind of go away from making arcade games.
It's kind of sad.
Because if it weren't for that arcade community, this show would not exist.
Period.
We need more Planet Harrier.
I don't know if that's going to save it.
We'll see.
All right.
Let's see, I'm trying to go to the chat room.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com See, I had all games on the brain because of our little discussion with Bobby.
Don't go to that chat room.
That's the wrong one.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com And let's see.
I'm trying to see what kind of chat's going on here.
Fireboma says the arcade by me is just having games that are more like rides now.
Some of those can be okay though.
Like remember After Burner with the freaking thing that you would sit in that would practically make you sick?
That was great.
Let's see.
NM64 says, Arcade Halo.
Sadly, that would probably bring him back.
You know, I kind of tend to agree.
Something like that.
Arcade Half-Life.
Do they have that?
Yeah.
Do you remember the grid?
I was kind of like that.
They have Half-Life in Japan where you can play that in the arcade.
Really?
Multiplayer.
I think about a game we saw at E3 a couple years ago.
I don't remember if it was 04 or 05, but Andamiro of all companies was showing off this arcade game that would actually interface with computer versions of the game.
It was like a first-person shooter.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Hmm.
OL Army recruit, I'm sorry, James Patrick says Virtua Fighter 5 should come to US arcades.
That'd be interesting.
Alright, so I don't know if there's an easy answer to how arcades can be kind of fun again for all of us, not just, you know, kids 8 through 12 or whatever.
We welcome your feedback.
Mail back at orangelaunchradio.com or you can head over to my blog, bloggy blog over at the community.allgames site and leave a comment.
That would be awesome.
and I just want to say thanks to Bobby for hanging out with us yesterday and you should check out his show.
He's on AllGames.com at 5 o'clock Pacific Time, about an hour before we go live over here at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
He also does a podcast.
It's a different show over there because it's just him and his chat room and his callers.
So it's, you know, the chat and the callers really drive that show.
But Bobby's a really good moderator and he actually moderated a panel at GDC that Loki and I listened to on the car ride home.
It was pretty good.
Good times.
And I forgot to mention, I played a lot of games over at Sunnyvale Golf Land.
Loki playing Poppin' Music was fucking hilarious.
I hate Poppin' Music, but I had like $10 in tokens and I needed to get rid of them.
And I was too tired to play DDR.
Yet I did play more of it.
So I played Poppin' 8, and I suck at Poppin' Music.
I'm not surprised, because I knew I sucked at Poppin' Music.
It's just I really sucked at Poppin' Music.
I played the Star Trek theme, and that sucked.
and I played some random song and that really sucked.
Then I played 2DX, Happy Sky, and I sucked at that and that was fun.
And I played Supernova and Supernova was pretty good until I picked a random double song that was like a kata or something.
I was too tired to play it.
I played part of it though.
It was fun.
I'm just getting too out of shape for this.
I'm out of practice.
Black Wolf is actually in chat right now and says Sky might have taken video on his phone.
I actually didn't.
I did take a picture though.
I'll put that on the community site later of Loki playing poppin' music.
Good times.
Good times.
James Patrick's continuing on the Virtua Fighter 5 thing.
That would be great knowing you could fight anyone in Japan or America who's using the Virtua Fighter 5 arcade.
Kind of going with that whole thing about maybe being able to interface with computers and stuff.
Pretty cool.
Uh...
Illusion says that Pachinko machines could revitalize arcades.
That's an interesting thought.
Alright, so anyway, we had fun at the arcade the other day.
But going back to Game Developers Conference and starting off tonight's news, I want to talk about, of course, huge news in the Sony department.
In fact, this news is like so big, we might actually want to take calls on this, just this, a little later.
Sony unveiled this week at the Game Developers Conference.
It's very interesting news.
And we'll talk about Nintendo's conference in Part B, but a lot of the stuff that you saw the big companies do was really about the game development.
They didn't turn Game Developers Conference into E3 like a lot of people thought, which is a good thing, I think.
Game developers need their hangout.
It was not E3.
But Sony kind of used their keynote to drop E3-like bombs at, but they're kind of in a position where they need to, right?
They're getting the bad press right now.
Everybody kind of gives them a buy to use Game Developers Conference as their platform.
And some would say they hit a home run.
I think so.
Key word there is home.
They revealed PlayStation Home.
Of course, we talked about it last week.
But even when we talked about it last week, and the whole Kotaku drama that resulted, I don't think I was expecting anything like this.
I don't think any of us were.
When I heard it was going to be like Animal Crossing, I'm picturing to myself...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And you could look at your virtual trophy rack.
They've basically taken Microsoft's achievement system and kind of evolved it into, hey, you could get trophies that you put in your house.
Look at my stuff.
Yeah, come over and look at my stuff.
But not just that.
Let's say you want to put a TV in your apartment.
Then you can run videos on your TV from your PlayStation.
Put pictures up on the wall that you have on your PlayStation Drive.
Walk up to a pool table that you put down in your place and actually start playing pool.
They're going to have some games included with this.
All of it, free.
That's basically what they're saying is what Microsoft is giving you in Xbox Live, we are now going to give you this service called PlayStation Home, and it's free.
Of course, the money that they're going to make, advertising on all the billboards throughout the place, and people love to customize, so unless you want the raggy, cheap IKEA furniture in your apartment, if you want some of the nice bling couches and stuff, you're going to have to probably pay for those, and people will probably do it.
People will do that because they buy shit in Second Life.
All right, so this will all roll out in a closed beta of about 15,000 users between April and August.
The open beta, about 50,000 users, August through October, and the service will go live with everybody probably about October.
The best part about those, they're saying different games, kind of like how they have with the gamer picks and the games that you play on Xbox 360 right now.
and so on.
Create your own levels.
The entire thing's physics-based.
It's kind of similar to, like, Gary's mod in Half-Life 2.
And you create these little, almost like platformer levels that you and your friends will play and try to find their way through.
And so it's totally customizable.
You'll be able to download them, rate them, and so on and so forth.
But it's just, it looks like a lot of fun.
And it's actually selling a lot of people on the whole...
PlayStation 3 Experience
Definitely the types of things that Sony is going to need.
It's kind of like, I think we've all been waiting for something like this out of Sony.
I don't know about you guys, but this is definitely, this put the brakes on the negative Sony press bandwagon.
And now I think Sony's turned around in another direction.
But I would say the question is how much.
I've heard people say everything from, eh.
whatever, to I'm going to go out and buy a PlayStation 3 now.
This is exactly what I need.
I'm curious kind of what you guys think.
You guys are PlayStation 3 owners.
What do you think about this news?
Well, it's awesome because their current service sucks.
I mean, their PlayStation – By the way, everyone wants to know, is Black Wolf still your only friend?
No, he's not.
I do have about seven now, so thank you for those people that sent requests, that's awesome, but it's just, you know, it's basically you don't, with the whole friend request system, you don't really know who's on there unless you actually talk to people and stuff, so, but yes, thank you, I have more than one friend now, so that's awesome.
But anyway, so the surface, since I already own a PlayStation 3, you know, I personally probably wouldn't buy a PlayStation 3 for just this stuff, but it's definitely helping it, you know, it's
It makes their service look a bit nicer.
It fleshes it out.
Because before, their network service was like, well, fuck, we don't know what they're doing.
And to be honest, right now, as of right now, they haven't done anything.
So this home service is going to be pretty awesome.
It's going to be a way to actually meet people and to be able to add more friends that way.
And just a really cool community thing.
And I think it's going to have the same appeal as, like, Second Life or Sims.
I mean, people are going to be customizing their own.
You're going to see, like, you know,
Home places that are going to be themed around your websites and, you know, it's going to be crazy.
You're going to have people reporting from home.
Jamie, any thoughts on this?
You know, I have my space in LiveJournal for getting in touch with people.
I think all I would do is just sit around and mess with stuff in it like I do with The Sims.
I hate Second Life, by the way.
But it wouldn't be any...
It wouldn't make or break it for me, but since I already have it, I would use it.
That type of thing.
For me, I don't own a PlayStation 3, and I've actually had several people ask me, is this going to make you go buy a PlayStation 3?
No.
But it helps.
But again, what is the golden rule of gaming, boys and girls?
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Trust me, this is a huge step in the right direction, because I love that
You know, they've kind of done something... You know, come to think of it, I think we had a caller last week or the week before, and I'm so sorry to the caller, because I can't remember who called in and said this, but somebody called in and said, Sony is really good at ripping everybody else off and doing it a little better.
That was actually on a podcast that we listened to in the car.
Somebody else said that, but when I heard that on the podcast listening to the car, I remember somebody calling in and saying it as well.
And I thought to myself...
When we took the call on air, I was kind of like, oh yeah, okay, yeah, that's a cute thing to look at.
But I was kind of thinking when I saw this, I was like, god damn, they're right.
That person, whoever called us, stand up and take a bow, whoever did that.
Because that was absolutely right.
Because if you think about it, we all thought Microsoft's Achievement Point system was genius.
It's great.
It's wonderful.
And now we look at what PlayStation 3 is doing and we go, hmm, the Microsoft thing kind of seems kind of not as good as it could be now next to that.
They just have the problem of being there first.
Yeah, I guess so.
It's just interesting.
I still like achievements.
I still love 360 and so on and so forth, but it's just kind of interesting that Sony could still do that, even with all this negative press, kind of make a stop and go, wow, they really kind of did rip something off and make it better.
One thing to keep in mind is that as we progress, as more and more and more ideas come out,
After a while, it's very hard to innovate once you've already thought of what you can do.
The only other thing you can do is expand on the idea.
It sounds like we've never seen Nintendo doing this because they can't embrace online.
Who cares?
Well, I'm still thinking I will probably end up breaking down and buying a PlayStation 3 when some of the games I want come out like Final Fantasy XIII and the Versus and everything.
E3 this year is so critical
because I think they need to make up for zonking out last year.
And I think this year at E3, now that they've kind of set the stage, because that's kind of what they do with the game developers,
is they've kind of set the stage, everything around, the big case that PlayStation 3 is going to, you know, the big central thing now that PlayStation 3 is going to have, it's going to be about the games.
Sony needs to come out at E3 and says, here's the exclusives, here's the first party stuff we're developing, here's the stuff that's going to really make you want a PlayStation 3 now.
Because I think about like all these trailers and things we saw at,
E3 last year that we really have never heard about again ever since.
Maybe little bits and pieces here and there.
Africa with a K. Can we find out why I need Africa and why this game is going to be so flipping great?
Can we find that out this year?
Because when we saw the trailer for it, we were like, I don't get it.
What about that game?
I can't even remember what the hell the name of it was.
But remember the trailer showed like the gas station blowing up or something in the cars.
What was that with the two guys?
It looked kind of neat.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
What the hell was that?
I don't think it's coming out.
Where did it go?
I'm kind of curious, has your guys' opinion of Sony changed at all from the home run they hit at Game Developers Conference?
Loki?
It's about time that they did something right.
So that's great.
You know, originally when I heard about Home, I thought it was going to be a rip-off of The Me's.
And no, not at all.
Now it's a rip-off of Second Life.
So, you know, if you're going to at least take a business model, at least they took the right one.
Because Second Life is really successful as far as people making money off of it.
And, you know, as soon as I saw, oh yeah, you're going to be able to buy clothing and stuff like that...
on the service and actually customize your characters.
I'm like, oh, well, cha-ching, you know.
Basically, they're going to make a lot of money.
So, I think it's great, and I do like the way that you can kind of jump in and play multiplayer games just by kind of meeting people and stuff, so that's kind of cool.
I don't know.
It's just kind of wait to see what they do with it.
Because they've been talking, like, a lot of online communities and stuff, you know, with their games that are coming out.
It's just going to be kind of...
Interesting to see how they implement everything.
We are going to open up our Skype line in a rare occurrence here just to get your feedback on this component because I think this is so big, and especially with all the whining and just kicking of Sony while they're down, people have been doing.
I'm really curious to see what our listeners think about this whole thing going in the other direction.
We are going to take some real quick calls.
Before that, though, I want to get some chat comments.
If you want to call us 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, and then I want to hear what Jamie has to say on this as well, if anything.
First, let me get some chat comments here.
Let's see.
I was saying that somebody here said something really good up above.
Sorry, guys.
Live radio, scrolling around.
I know the Rob.
There it is.
The Rob D. said,
This doesn't matter to me.
I need games.
Not a Trojan Horse Media Center.
Give me games.
It would be a good bonus.
Let's see.
Illusion says, yeah, a new Sims game comes out and someone says, I like the Sims better when it was called PlayStation Home.
I think kind of making a joke about how Sony kind of rips things off and does it better.
Let's see.
James Patrick says, all PlayStation 3 only games are shallow and suck except for Resistance even now.
and Zappy, I believe, saved the day there earlier in chat.
Zappy believes that the game I was talking about was called Eight Days.
That sounds right.
That does sound right to me as well.
DarkSakura, do you have anything you want to say about the whole Sony?
Has your opinion of them changed, or you still think they're eating crayons over there, or what?
I still think they're eating crayons, but this is a step away from the crayons.
I think that they've moved away from crayons to like, you know... Paste.
Paste.
because paste at least is, you know, flour-based.
Yeah, organic a little bit.
Yeah, they're eating paste in those little, you know, star-shaped, you know, string cheese nuggets.
Lovely.
All right, let's go to the Skype line and see what people think on this.
Hi, on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
You scared me.
Raven Stolfen.
Boo.
Hi, Raven Stolfen.
What do you think about Sony at GDC?
It's definitely a step into the right direction.
Are you a PlayStation 3 owner currently?
I wish.
No.
No.
No, I've been wishing.
Yeah.
I thought home was a very good idea.
The only thing I want to do is just stream porn from my hard drive to my TV.
You know, you can kind of do that anyway.
Well, I don't know about the hard drive on your computer.
I think you can stream the movies on your TV, but I'm looking at some FAQs that came out about it.
And one of the questions that was posed about PlayStation Home, can I launch and watch a BD movie from within home?
Launch, yes.
Watch, no.
So I think some people were thinking that you'd be able to put like a porno on the TV in your apartment and that would play.
You could go to that and launch the movie, but it won't actually play the porno in your apartment.
At least that's the impression I'm getting.
The logistics of that seems like it would be a real bandwidth eater anyway, so it's probably for the best, right?
I got bandwidth.
I think it will actually stream whatever it is on that TV because they said they had dynamic sound or something like that where as you walk closer to the source it will get louder and that kind of thing.
What do you think should be Sony's next move, RavensDolphin?
What should they do at E3?
I don't know.
I think they should definitely put home in a good response, but I definitely agree that they need games to support the home.
More games to support home would be a home run.
So maybe some games that incorporate the home thing into it.
Because one thing that's interesting about what Sony is doing versus what Microsoft is doing is Microsoft requires developers to put achievements in the games.
Sony is just kind of letting it be there, and if developers want to have things in it, then great.
Like, you know, when you beat Final Fantasy XIII, let's say, if Square wants to give you a little cloud sword, even though cloud's not in Final Fantasy XIII, I don't know, humor me here for a minute.
A little cloud sword that you could put in your Playstation home That would be up to them, completely So, kind of interesting Yeah, two more things Alright, hurry First, voice chat You have to buy a Bluetooth headset and a USB Are you?
I already have one for my 360 So it's going to be a tough sell on Sony Sony will need to tell me why I need it Okay, and the next thing about the trophies Did you see that room?
I saw some of the videos, I did see, yeah, it looked like one room had a crap load of trophies, but maybe from all the arcade titles, I don't know.
And one thing from Second Life, so am I going to launch pink dicks at people that I don't like?
I have a feeling since this community is going to be a little more moderated, probably not.
And I don't think, with Second Life you can kind of user create things, right?
I haven't done a lot of Second Life, but there's more user creation in that, right?
I don't think you really get that so much here.
You get user customization, but not so much creation.
All right, thanks so much for the call, Raven Stolfen.
You're welcome, Bob.
Have a good one.
All right, we'll take one more call and some feedback with the Sony stuff.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username is Orange Lounge Radio, over on Skype.
Of course, we encourage you guys to interact with our program.
That's what we're here for.
We're just three folks that like video games just like the rest of you.
We want to hear what you guys have to say as well.
Let's take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's SSJ100 Matt.
Hi, SSJ100 Matt.
What do you think about this whole Sony home thing?
Actually, I'm liking it a lot.
You're liking it a lot?
Were you somebody that wanted a PlayStation 3 before Game Developers Conference?
I actually know originally I was split between a 360 and a PS3.
So what do you think now?
Well, now I've got to start thinking about...
The PS3 now, so I'm still, before I was like, you know, like majority 360, now, you know, I'm like back in the middle, so I'm gonna wait until, you know, this home thing picks up around October and then, you know, I'll make a decision.
What is it about home that puts you back in the middle with all this?
Well, you know, originally, you know, I used to play The Sims a lot, you know, that was like basically my, like, guilty pleasure, that thing was like crack, so this is kind of like The Sims, so, you know,
I know I'm going to be on this thing customizing buying crap to make my place look good.
Speaking of customizing LittleBigPlanet, is that something that appeals to you?
It looks really nice.
I think it will be great because I think they said something that they're going to come out with a full version where it's just going to basically be user-created...
and many, many, many more.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and he walks around with you and he growls when he smells the people sneaking up on you and you can't really tell him what to do but you can gesture to him and he'll learn to follow, well he'll always follow you but he'll go along with you and be your puppy and lick your face and eat your chickens and that type of thing.
Wait, he'll eat your chickens?
That's not good.
Do the chickens fight back like they did in Zelda?
I don't know.
But I wish they had cats.
That was kind of disappointing, because I'm more of a cat person.
But then again, I suppose the cat would control you.
Well, apparently you can also be a pregnant woman and catch diseases.
You can get knocked up within Fable 2.
You can have sex.
You can have unprotected sex and protected sex.
You can get STDs.
I'm taking the fantasy out of my game.
How many different kinds of sex can you have?
Is there going to be a whole Kama Sutra?
Will butt sex be involved?
Possibly.
They had gay relationships in the first game.
Butt sex is not just a gay thing.
Well, that's true.
Good point.
But the dog, though, is pretty awesome, though.
They're saying that you're actually going to care for this dog, and it loves you, and it will try to keep you safe and stuff like that.
And it's pretty cool.
They have some videos on GameVideos.com, basically talking about the whole dog aspect of the game, and it just looks awesome.
I really want it.
It's way better than Nintendogs.
and M64.
I'm sorry.
DDR Dollar Bill says, I want to have sex without e-herpes.
And let's see.
DDR Dollar Bill says, surprise butt sex.
I guess that's something you could do in the game is, you know, surprise butt sex on people.
I don't know.
Probably not.
I just don't know.
I mean, if I were going to have something useful, I'd have like a pet, you know, wolf.
SSJ100Mad says, do we get extra points for donkey punching?
I want a pitbull.
And NM64 says, everyone has AIDS.
Because if you're allowed to run around and have unprotected sex in the game, that's the likely conclusion.
I wonder if you could start like an epidemic in-game.
It's kind of weird.
But I suppose this answers the question now about what was the big secret about Fable.
It's puppy dogs and diseases.
I guess so.
There you have it.
DDRDollarBill says, you're going to have to buy your condoms with your MS points.
That's funny.
Little microtransactions out the wazoo.
Yeah, maybe you'll be able to get a cat, but you'll have to pay some points for it.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, there were... You have to change the litter or you die of methane poisoning.
There were some other announcements that came out of Game Developers Conference, and I love me some Mizuguchi.
Of course, Mizuguchi, the fine fellow who created Rez.
I believe Space Channel 5.
Luminous...
Meteos, some of the great escapes 99 Nights, not so much feeling the love there
But everybody's allowed to make a mistake Well, make no mistake here, every Xtend Extra Extreme is coming to Xbox Live Arcade And it looks like the audio and visual sexcapade that you would be expecting from Mizuguchi I mean, just kind of look at these screenshots here Of course, every Xtend Extra was a game that was out on the PSP They're going to be making this version as well for Xbox Live Arcade And of course they're calling it E4 for short Because every Xtend Extra Extreme, get it, there's all the E's there
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I mean, it has puzzle elements.
You have to think about what you're doing.
But it is kind of an action game.
So it's unique.
And I'm a big supporter of unique games.
So this was a perfect announcement for Game Developers Conference.
So check that out on Xbox Live Marketplace when it becomes available.
Probably later this year.
At least as far as we know.
Yeah, late, late this year.
Christmas.
Christmas.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura
I had thought that Microsoft already confirmed this, so I was kind of surprised to see this making the rounds on news sites again.
Well, they sort of confirmed it, and then they made a press release about it, so now it's official, official, I guess.
These stages of gaming news, especially Microsoft gaming news, because Microsoft news always starts out as a rumor first, because Microsoft rumors...
99% of the time are true.
So there's a Microsoft rumor and then it evolves into random dude at Microsoft or a Microsoft blogger said, yeah, we're working on it, shh, don't tell.
And then it evolves into like a press release.
And then it's like, oh, it's official now.
Microsoft has said, hail the larger Xbox Live arcade games.
I'm sure every X10 Extra will benefit from that 150 megs.
Here's the other thing I want to know, though.
Now that the arcade limit has been upped
Mr. Mizuguchi and everybody over at Q Entertainment.
Whatever happened, it's been like a year now, whatever happened to Madonna and Luminous?
And I'm not just saying Madonna specifically.
Contrary to popular belief, I could give two shits about Madonna.
But I'm talking about the licensed music in general.
We got one song, Heavenly Star, which was an in-house thing anyway.
Where's the rest of the content that's supposed to be in Luminous?
No content for you.
I guess not.
Sorry, I got on a tangent there.
This is supposed to be about the thing.
Talking about Mizuguchi made me think about that.
What the hell ever happened to Madonna, etc.?
The puppy ate it.
I guess so.
The dog ate it.
Well, you know something that you don't really have to worry about?
Well, I don't know.
I'm sort of worried about this.
Peter Jackson is doing some episodic content for a couple of Xbox 360 games, and one of them is Halo.
And I'm wondering, dude, what's he going to do for Halo?
It would be very interesting.
There's not too many details about it, and I don't think anything on what the other game is.
It looks like it's still in development, but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It seems like episodic content has become this real buzzword of the past couple of years, hasn't it?
It seems like everybody and their mom's doing episodic content.
What could they really do for Halo episodic content, you think?
Do you think this is something they'll do like two and then say, oh, there was your episodic content?
Or is this something you could see actually going on for a while?
I mean, God, if any community could support...
I would see this happening after Halo 3 and it would be for Halo 3, not its own game.
Just like additional story, single player stuff, or co-op missions or stuff like that.
It's kind of similar to the co-op missions in Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter or something like that.
It's not really episodic content, it's just downloadable content later on.
Because, to be honest, there aren't that many episodic content games out there.
I mean, even Half-Life or whatever...
They're only up to Episode 2, and 2 hasn't even come out yet.
You know I'm going to say Sam & Max.
Sam & Max, yeah, that's one that's actually pretty good.
But what else besides that?
I agree, Sam & Max is like the only ones that seem to be doing it right.
It's a buzzword thrown out there a lot, and it's not being done.
I mean, it's just like digital distribution for movies and stuff.
Everyone talks about it, but it's hardly done.
We gotta check in with the chatroom because there's some funnies.
Of course, going back to me bitching about the whole Luminous thing, Joshi16 kind of combined the stories together and says, Madonna would give you the herpes achievement, Sky.
So, insinuating that maybe Madonna will actually be in Fable to give you the STDs that you can get inside the game.
So that's certainly an interesting thought from Joshi16.
Let's see, Laser is a winner for this reference.
Maybe the dingo ate your content!
Ahhhh!
Now I'm getting all Meryl Streep.
The dingo ate the baby!
Anyway, let's see.
You're so winner for that comment.
What else was there about episodic content?
I thought it was very interesting here in chat room.
Well, Fire Safety says there are already giant monkeys in Halo.
So I guess you can't really say that that's what Peter Jackson is going to bring to the table.
Let's see.
Fire Safety also says hopefully it's nothing like Half-Life 2 periodic yearly maybe content.
Funnydale says episodic content equals three-hour games every year.
Yep, that's basically what it's been so far, so I'm hoping Halo will break that mold.
We'll see.
Well, this is not a happy story here, but some news came out about Castle Crashers.
Loki, you were all excited about Castle Crashers, because this is the game that kind of looks like...
It looks like an old school arcade, like hit the buttons, hack and slash type thing.
Like a brand new one.
This looks awesome.
Well, when approached, Behemoth's Dan Paladin, they won actually an IGF award.
And Dan Paladin actually commented on the game.
He noted that the Xbox Live title still had, quote, about a year of development left.
Meaning the Castle Crashers looks like it'll now be out in 2008.
Wow.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks to the size increase.
So maybe good things will come to those who wait in terms of what's there.
So I know you were really anxious about this game, Loki.
Are you okay with this delay if it's going to make the game better?
Are you pissed?
Do you wish they'd just released something now and maybe do a Castle Crashers 2?
What?
Oh, I'm fine with them delaying the game.
Most likely, even if it wasn't because of this, it would be delayed for some other reason.
I mean, who cares?
There's supposedly more content coming out now, so...
I'm fine holding off on that.
I mean, it's one of those games that look neat.
I wasn't like, oh, I've got to have this now.
I mean, big deal.
I don't know.
I can wait.
All right.
Well, I don't know, but game delays, they kind of get me a little bit angsty.
I don't know about you, DarkSakura, but, you know, any time a game I look forward to gets delayed, whether it be for the right reason or not, I get a little pissed off.
What about you?
Sometimes.
So that means that because we're pissed off, well, this is one of those times, DarkSakura.
Help me out here because we've got a segue.
Roar!
Thank you.
Into the FUs of the week.
My FU of the week is, as usual, traffic-based.
Fuck you to men with small penises who drive big trucks.
and also fuck you to Sakura moms who drive SUVs.
I leave it at that.
Loki!
Fuck the fact that I can't find two files for Pop Station for the PSP.
And those are two important files that I need to make things work.
I did find, however, though, there is one game that I have that I really should put on my PSP and that is Einhander.
That would be fucking awesome.
That's it.
All right.
I didn't have really anything that... Oh, fuck to the fact that this room is like a scorching... I don't know, it's like a... I think somebody turned the fan off.
I'm gonna go check that thing.
It's like fucking hot in here.
It is.
It's just me.
No, I know.
I'm burning up here too.
I'll go look at the temperature in a minute.
But I want to say my FU of the week would go to Daylight Savings Time.
Oh my god.
Ugh, I hate Daylight Savings Time.
How dare you rob me of an hour of my sleep.
I don't care if there's farmer kids with school or whatever the hell reason they say.
Energy consumption, whatever the hell excuse they have.
F you, Daylight Savings, time to go die in a fire.
Hey, that was a pretty short FUs of the Week segment.
I'm kind of sad a little bit.
Well, don't be sad.
Anyways, there's one reason you shouldn't be sad.
Xbox Live hit 6 million users.
They apparently did this four months earlier than they had expected and not a big surprise because, you know, they offer those two-day subscriptions and pretty much anyone that plugs in, you know, their console into the internet, they are logged into Xbox Live.
So, and they didn't really say what the six million mark meant.
I mean, whether that's going to be silver or gold or whatever, I don't know.
So,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I have kind of noticed, what about Rayman Raving Rabbids on the 360?
Oh, I'm guessing that's going to be about as good as any iToy game.
That's a damn good point.
When was the last time anyone said anything about the Xbox Live camera?
And why is it we haven't gotten more games like Uno?
You would think, based on the success of Uno, that we would have seen like, you know, we would see like Old Maid and like freaking Skip Bow and I don't know, whatever else card games and casual games they can come up with on Xbox Live by now.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
As was announced at a Game Developers Conference.
Isn't that cool?
And I'm thinking that I've actually been really excited about this, you know.
I mean, I'm still sort of back and forth, but we have to wait until August to get it.
And so I think by then I'll decide whether or not I really am going to be able to dedicate the time to another RPG, but I think it's going to be awesome.
I think there were a couple more details on Blue Dragon this week because I thought about Loki.
You said already on this show like a month ago that Blue Dragon was coming out over here.
I think you might have said July, but whatever.
It got delayed a couple weeks.
Big whoop, right?
But we all knew it was coming over here.
But I seem to remember one cool thing that I remember reading about Blue Dragon is that they're going to have both the English language and Japanese language tracks in it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Joshi16 will not let the Madonna thing go because Joshi says Madonna needs a live arcade camera game.
Dude, you need to get your issues worked out there with Madonna.
Let's see, what else do we have here?
Blaze says simply, fuck the Xbox Live camera.
There you have it.
Mori agrees Xbox 360 Skipbo would be amazing.
You know what would be more amazing than Xbox 360 Skipbo?
And props to you if you know this game.
I might be horribly pronouncing it because it's French, but this is like my favorite card game ever.
Xbox 360 Millborn.
You ever played that game with the roll and stop and punctured tires?
It's like a racing card game.
Oh my god, it's the best game ever.
I love that card game.
Bring me my Millborn on Xbox Live Arcade.
Sorry.
I'm ranty tonight.
I'm a demanding little bitch tonight.
I'm sorry.
I'll be good.
Oh, I'm sorry, we've got release dates to talk about.
Wow.
Live radio.
See, I get all ranty, and then I completely forget about talking about release dates.
But I suppose we should talk about the Japanese release dates, because these are usually the things that we're going to see over here in the U.S.
before too long, or over in Europe as well.
Well, coming out on the Xbox 360, not a lot, except some games are going into the Platinum Collection on March 15th.
So you can now get Battlefield 2, Burnout, Chromehounds, Perfect Dark Zero...
All of the lower price over in Japan.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, you get GI Jockey Wii is coming out.
Sonic 2 Himitsu Ring is coming out on March 15th.
That would just be Sonic and the Secret Rings.
SpongeBob SquarePants also making its way to Japanese audiences also on March 15th.
We're sorry, Japan.
Sorry, Japan, for that.
Sometimes things from our culture will stink up your things.
on the PlayStation 3 Fight Night Round 3 making its way to Japan on March 15th as well as a game called Dust Cap 3.
I don't know about you, but I've never heard of Dust... Oh, it's... That's not a game.
That's why.
Wow.
I need help tonight.
Dust Cap 3 is just an accessory that's literally... Because I was like, whatever happened to Dust Cap 3?
I was like, what the hell is Dust Cap 1 and 2?
Sounds like the name of some either weird RPG or puzzle game.
DustCap 1 and 2
Princess Maker 4 is coming out.
So if you've ever wanted to be your own princess, now you can for a much lower price because that's going into the best hits.
I don't think that's exactly what that's about.
It's called Princess Maker 4.
How can it not be?
Look at the box art.
Doesn't that look like princesses having a good time there?
Let's see, look at the description.
Princess Maker 4 is the fourth installment of the popular promotion simulation game in which you become the father guardian of a young girl.
You must raise her to become a princess in eight years.
See?
It is Princess Maker.
That's lame.
STFU.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Anyways.
Wait, I have more.
Dust Cap 4 is coming out in 2008.
Look for it.
No, on Nintendo DS real quick.
Bionicle Heroes, the Konami Arcade Collection is coming out over there in Japan.
Also, Kuro Kuro Princess and Lost in Blue 2 is coming out on March 15th as well.
And Fingerprint Guard Film Light.
Just kidding.
I love that one.
Just kidding.
I knew that wasn't a game.
Alright, I'm done.
Anyways.
US, pretty much as far as games go, there's really one big one this week, and that would be God of War 2, coming out in PlayStation 2.
PSP's not seeing much else either.
Call of Duty 3, Road to Victory, that's going to be coming out as well this week.
The 360, we're just getting a re-release of Call of Duty 3, the Gold Edition, now with downloadable maps actually included in there.
I believe you get tokens for that, and some special behind-the-scenes DVD or something.
Lame.
For the PlayStation 3, you're getting College Hoops 2K7.
Hooray.
And let's see.
For PC, quite a bit of stuff coming out.
None of it looks very good, though.
Some highlights.
The Top Spin 2 is coming to the PC.
Battlefield 2 Complete.
And yeah, the rest sucks.
For the Wii, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07.
Get your golf on.
And then for the DS, you have Mind Quiz, and that's another ripoff of Brain Age.
Can I say another game I played this week real quick?
I played Quiz and Dragons with Bobby Blackwolf, and we were so horrible at that game, words cannot describe it.
The handicap we will need on future games of Quiz and Dragons, which is now on Altercade, apparently, even though Altercade, you know, we're a little meh, but yeah, Quiz and Dragons will own you.
Herbie Rescue Rally DS, which is a port of a crappy movie made into a crappy game, now on the DS, and it looks crappy.
That's it.
I just have to say real quick.
Sorry, chat.
No, Rob.
It's chat.
It's chat.
Okay.
The chat room was making fun of my fuck up earlier.
Dark Tetsuya says, Dust Cap 3, Dust Cap's revenge.
Firebomb says, Dust Cap 3 gets more incredible.
And Illusion makes the mandatory Dust Cap 3 electric boogaloo.
That'd be Dust Cap 2.
Anyway, how about our European releases?
How about it?
A Bunch of Crap on the 16th and...
Yeah, maybe some of it's kind of crap.
Some of it's kind of cool.
We have Call of Duty 3, Championship Manager 2007, Free Running, Legend of the Dragon, Lunar Knights, Vampire Hunters, Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, Justice for All, Puzzle Quest, Challenge of the Warlords, Rayman, Raving Rabbids, Rome Total War, Saint Seiya, The Hades, Summer Warriors 2 Empires, Spectrobes, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on DS, Test Drive Unlimited, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07, and UFO Extraterrestrials.
Electronic Arts and Harmonics
and it was just a real brief thing that came out, was leaked to the media this week that Electronic Arts announced they have penned a deal with MTV Networks and Harmonix to publish Harmonix's next game.
However, what that game is, is a secret for now.
So it's interesting though because, you know, obviously Guitar Hero was something that Red Octane published but now EA is going to be filling that role for whatever Harmonix's next game is.
I seem to remember previously said, and it looks like this article makes reference to it too, Harmonix once said that Guitar Hero is just the tip of the iceberg, just the beginning of what these games can become.
And I seem to remember Harmonix saying that their next project was like way bigger than Guitar Hero, like a real thing.
And a lot of people speculate it's going to be a game that really teaches you how to play guitar.
I don't know.
I'm still waiting for Sax Maniacs.
I kind of wish they'd bring back the Amplitude thing in some new evolved regard, because I did love me some Amplitude.
They could evolve the game, make it next-gen somehow, a little more competitive.
They need Kraken DJ over here.
Crackin' DJ was not even a Harmonix, that was a Sega game.
I don't care, it's still fun.
Crackin' DJ, I haven't heard that in years.
But at least Crackin' DJ sort of made you feel like you were actually remixing stuff because you're going through the same motions an actual DJ would, so that was kind of neat.
And I will be kick-banning users in chatroom who said that the game Harmonix is making is Dust Cap 4.
Let the joke die, you assholes.
I think we have the start of a brand new...
A joke to beat into the ground.
Dust Cap 4, bust a cap.
I saw that in there.
That was funny.
Ha ha ha.
Anyways, so more EA news, of course.
They are kicking off an online music competition featuring singing sensation Lily Allen.
Who the fuck that is?
I'm not, you know, hip to these artists out there.
But anyways, apparently Lily Allen, they're doing...
I guess this is coinciding.
Let me just put this in perspective for people.
If the music doesn't sound like pooch, pooch, mew, mew, mew, mew, pooch, pooch, mew, mew, mew, then Loki doesn't listen to it.
Yes, if it's not cat techno, it's not for me.
So, anyways.
No, but apparently she's doing a version of her song, Smile, for Sims 2.
It's going to be in Simlish, which makes it sound even more retarded.
So, very excellent.
Just so you know, Lily Allen is a newer artist who has recently peaked at the number two position in the UK with her single, Alright Still.
And it actually peaked at number 20 here in the US.
And that is who Lily Allen is.
And I've seen this, I've probably heard this song before.
Don't make me pull up a clip.
To which I would say, all right, still don't care.
But if you do win this contest, though, you will be winning a prize package worth approximately $1,390 and have a chance to record a song in Simlish for possible inclusion in a future Sims 2 game.
So...
Great, you get to sing a song in gibberish that's going to appear in a game that probably no one will actually pay attention to the music in.
That sounds awesome!
I want to sing a song in gibberish.
That's my song.
Lily Allen, you listening?
You could totally sample me on your next record.
Rob... So how about SingStar?
and they are going to be doing this thing called Game 3.0.
It's a very interesting thing.
Basically, you're going to be able to download new content but upload content as well using your USB camera.
You can record videos and then everyone will look at it so it'd be like, you know, like the Numa Numa kid or something.
Dear God who is in heaven, please listen to this boy's prayer.
I've been a very good Rob this whole year long.
Please, please, please, God Almighty who art in heaven, please, please make Loki get really drunk one night and record some videos on SingStar and upload them to this Game 3 point whatever service so that the entirety of the internet can download and make fun of him.
Thank you, amen.
What?
God doesn't listen to you.
Come on, Loki, you know you want to do it.
You want me to do that?
I do!
I don't want to do that at all.
I am not touching that fucking game.
Karaoke will not be entering my house.
Fuck that shit.
GS68 says, I don't know, it makes me think of a Caturday macro.
It says, I'm in your OLRs, drunk in your hosts.
Maybe that's God speaking.
We all know we're all going to hell.
Probably.
Probably.
Except not me because I don't believe in hell.
I'm going to wherever pagan people go.
Let's not turn this into religious.
We're not a god cast.
Go look up god cast on iTunes if you want religious stuff.
We've got to talk about games.
And one game that we'll talk about here is Warhawk.
It's interesting because Warhawk, you know, of course, went that it was going to be downloadable only when it went over to the PlayStation 3.
Here's the other thing you need to know.
Warhawk is not going to be single player now.
It's going to be a multiplayer only battle arena.
Since the game has moved into the PlayStation Network, it's a downloadable title.
It's only going to be something that you can play online.
But the cool news is that, hey, you don't get to just do planes.
You can do jeeps, tanks, infantry units, and the whole works there.
So you get some other online modes as well, but
If you don't like to play online games, too bad.
Warhawk will not be for you on the PlayStation 3.
So, when you think about high-end computer systems, you probably don't think of Commodore, but they're hoping to change that, because now they are back, and they are trying to make a name for themselves.
If the year was 1984, I would be thinking about Commodore, because the Commodore 64 was my first gaming platform, really, truly.
Commodore 64 is an amazing piece of machinery.
Amen.
So yeah, now they're launching a new Commodore PC geared for PC gaming and it's supposed to launch at Germany's C-Bit show actually this week on March 15th.
And I don't know.
They're basically saying this can provide what gamers need and want.
Excellent.
Can I play Last Ninja on it?
Yes or no?
I think better.
Because if not, there's going to be one hell of a syntax error coming out of this
Angry Gamer.
That was a Commodore joke.
Don't laugh at once.
Yeah, that's why no one got it.
That's why we're on the internet, boys and girls, not satellite radio or the real deal.
Maybe we should call ourselves Video Obscura.
That'd be an awesome name.
That's actually not a bad name for a podcast.
At least Video Gamer Obscura.
At least people would know we're a video game podcast as opposed to when people go, what the hell's Orange Lounge Radio?
Are you guys a lounge music podcast?
Yeah, we just had Richard Cheese on last week.
Speaking of cheese, there is a LEGO MMO that is in development coming in 2008.
It's being developed by NetDevil for AutoAssault.
You go around building stuff and talking with people, it's just a MMO with LEGOs.
And it's for kids, but...
I love Legos, so I'm probably going to play it just to see what it's like.
I love Legos, too.
I remember when you tried to make the charging cradle out of Legos.
I did make a charging cradle.
Speaking of which, I broke the charging cradle this week because Nellie wanted to play Elite Beat Agents because she's been playing that game now.
I had to rip the cable out because it doesn't work very well plugged into the DS.
For those that didn't hear the shows a while back, Loki actually built a DS charger out of Legos.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I like Legos too.
Actual Legos.
Not so much all these games.
I love Legos.
I measure my Legos in gallons now, and I still have 10 gallons of Legos in my closet.
Let's build the next OLR studio out of Legos.
We don't have enough Legos for that.
I did one time build something.
I used to have this desk that stretched one whole wall on my room, and I used every single Lego to build one giant, like,
I heard a rumor you were going to, I don't know if I can say it on air, but
Yes, I'm planning on, if I can at all manage it, I'm going to be going to DragonCon.
I want to go to be there at the podcaster's panel, just, you know, right now it's like, how am I going to afford that?
But, you know, I'm working on it.
I played Monopoly pinball and I was actually kicking ass over at Sunnyvale Golf Land yesterday.
What the fuck does that have to do with anything DragonCon?
She mentioned pinball.
I don't know if I told everybody, but we did get a new machine and we got a Bride of Pinbot.
Dan has my Rocky and Bullwinkle working now, which makes me intensely happy.
And our Guns N' Roses is now for sale.
Aw, will you sell it to someone on the internets?
Oh, but shipping would be an arm and a leg.
If they live in the area or want to come pick it up and pay us a lot of money for it, then I don't think they'll mind.
Define a lot.
How much are you selling the Guns N' Roses for?
I don't know.
It's up to Dan.
He actually may have a trade worked out on it, but I think we're also selling our Johnny Mnemonic.
It's a good pin, but I hate Johnny Mnemonic.
You should let us know some prices.
Well, I'll talk to the hubby and see if he wants me to use our independent, non-corporate sponsored podcast to sell my pinball machine.
Why not?
You ought to get something out of this deal.
Seriously.
All right, well, something else you can do if you love Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll give some cheap plugs for some of our other stuff right now.
You can always leave us a review on iTunes because we could definitely use some more five-star review on iTunes because it helps spread the word about the program.
Also, you can visit our MySpace, www.myspace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and be our friend on there because who doesn't love having a thousand friends on MySpace?
and being Attention Whores over there.
Also, we are now participating in the new All Games Community site over at community.allgames.com.
Most of us are so far.
You will be as of tonight.
We will all have profiles on that site.
And I'm actually using my blog over there.
It's kind of fun.
And I've been doing official, well not, I don't know, official whatever, but Orange Lounge video game review haikus where I review games in haiku form.
So if you want to see what the hell that's all about,
you gotta go find my page on the community all games site because I review video games in haiku form 575 anything else we should plug before we take a break I don't know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
At least on my Comcast box.
So two channels were Spike TV, which were playing some really crappy Bros vs. Joes or something like that thing, which I don't have any interest in sports TV.
But it was funny, though, because all of a sudden it was like Spike TV.
Also, last night I was watching G4 TV because they had cheaters on, and that was kind of funny.
What else are you going to watch at midnight?
I don't know.
I guess I could have watched Saturday Night Live, but that's not funny.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Why don't you massage your way to DragonCon?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Massage is good for your health.
Maybe they need, you know, conventions are a lot of walking.
You should massage people's feet.
I'm actually thinking about, because a lot of my friends are on the Fonamay staff.
I'm actually thinking about asking them if I can get an event license for the day.
God, Fonamay is right around the corner too.
May, end of May.
Yeah.
But I'm going to see if I can get like an event license from wherever I have to in San Jose and set up a massage at Fonamay.
There you go.
Fun.
I don't have a chair yet, but I can rent a chair.
All right, well, we'll see what happens.
Holler if you hear me.
All right, holler.
All right, we better go ahead and take a break.
So we'll be back after this short break with a little bit more Orange Lounge Radio in Part B. Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
