Orange Lounge Radio
There's a host, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco
Tonight, March 4th, 2007, drama ensues over Sony's rumored PlayStation Home.
We talk about who is starting an anti-weed campaign.
The popular new computer game is rumored to be making a jump to Xbox Live.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, on their iPods, their Zens, whatever devices you're using to listen to us.
Maybe your Xbox 360, thanks to the 360 cast or whatever that thing was called.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are a show dedicated to video games and gamer culture, the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Miss Jamie Summers?
Ow.
Ow? What's wrong? Your head hurt?
No.
What?
Female ow.
Oh, I see. The TMI type of ow, huh?
Yes.
Sorry to hear it. Well, I'm sure we'll have some extra special eff you use tonight.
Yes.
But overall, a good weekend. Jamie and I had a play day yesterday in San Francisco. That was fun.
It was pretty fun. And we both have really hot hair now.
Yes, we got our hair done. That's the first time I've ever paid $45 for a haircut.
But it looks nice.
Be glad. You know how much I pay for mine.
Isn't that a sexist thing?
I have more hair, and I have more shit done to my hair.
What if I was a dude with long hair?
They'd probably charge you more.
You think?
Not that I would ever have long hair, but I've seen guys with longer hair than a lot of women I know.
Well, like Marissa's boyfriend.
Oh, that's true. Yeah.
He's got gorgeous, gorgeous supermodel hair.
If I remember right, I think he chopped it off at one point.
But remember Blue from DER Freak, who's really into pump it up? Didn't he have kind of long hair?
He almost had it in a ponytail, didn't he?
Yeah, he had really, really long hair.
Yes, that's who I kind of think of. I remember him.
Anyway, say hello as well.
Before we talk about people who aren't here to defend themselves too much, say hello as well to Tech Master Loki.
Yes, I'm here.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
Great.
I see you have not one, but two PSPs up and running with Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
Are you playing against yourself tonight? What is going on here?
Yeah, I was just testing stuff.
He's playing with himself on my radio.
Fun. What types of things are you testing out?
Just Dark Alex's custom firmware, because it allowed me to run PS1 games on it.
Wow, that's like three weeks in a row, four weeks in a row?
I think that that's fantastic, because right when you made that little announcement, we have the doom and gloom music stuff.
No, actually that reminds me...
I should just do that every week, because I never forget to...
Just so you know what goes on behind the scenes, obviously we have a playlist set up with all the music that we're going to use, the incidental music during the show already set up.
And I'm supposed to hit stop before the next song comes on, because we put little breaks in the playlist, but sometimes I forget to hit stop.
Anyways...
Such as I've done for the past three weeks.
I've got a nice firmware that I got. I've got a nice 2GIG memory stick so I can put PlayStation 1 games on there.
So that's kind of what I was doing, because I have this other PlayStation, or PSP, and I'm like, well what the hell am I going to do with this thing?
So load up a custom firmware and I can make it all pretty, because you can edit all the icons, you can edit the waves in the background, everything.
And you run homebrew off of a memory stick, plus you can run programs that require firmware 310, or 303 I guess.
And so it's like the best of both worlds.
Alright.
Also joining us tonight, we don't have any other guests in studio, that's a first.
We haven't had that in a long time, so it's going to be a relatively quiet show tonight, I don't know.
We'll see.
The three of us will entertain you the best we can, but of course we always have our invisible other guests with us every week.
The chat room, and that's accessible over at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
XBStream, that's the name of the Xbox 360 program I was trying to think of at the beginning.
You can listen to us on XBStream, we're one of the default podcasts.
I forgot about that.
Thank you to the XBStream folks, and don't be too mad at me for forgetting your name.
Let's see, looking at the chat room there.
AlphaKennogram says, the soundboard is cursed!
We don't really use a soundboard, it's just Winamp, nothing too fancy.
It's Rob.
It's my fault.
Actually if I did switch to a soundboard it would probably be easier, but I don't like the whole soundboard setup thing.
Plus I feel like if I had a soundboard, I would use it far too much.
Not to say there's other shows out there that do use it too much, but I'm just thinking that we probably use it too much.
Blaze says that three weeks in a row they've effed up the soundboard.
I didn't eff up anything, I was sitting here in my chair, sitting here.
Alright, let's see, Damony says I got Crash Bandicoot on my PSP.
Remember when Crash Bandicoot was cool before it went the way of Spyro and all those other franchises, they just drove into the ground?
No, I never remember it being cool.
It was cool at one point.
Crash Bandicoot 2 was the first PlayStation game I ever owned.
I never remember that game being cool.
Well, whatever.
Let's see, what else is here?
Fireboma says, anyway, anyone here play Magic?
Like the Gathering?
Haven't since I was in college the first time around.
Dude, I sold my deck when I was a junior in high school, which was a long time ago, over ten years ago if you can believe it.
And it's still going strong.
I remember the old computer game.
Not the one you could play online, but the very first computer game that ever came out.
I really liked that.
I remember you walked around a map and battled other people.
I should try and find that and play it again.
It was kind of fun, but I don't think they really make it anymore because didn't they go online with it?
And then they tried to sell expansion cards online?
They tried to take the whole thing online?
I still don't remember that.
I don't remember.
Let's see.
SSJ100 Matt says, I remember the old Crash commercials where he would always cause trouble outside of Nintendo.
I remember that as well.
That's pretty cool.
Let's see.
Also, RK1hexAugust31st wants to know, what about the part where you call out the noobs?
Well, all right.
We can do that.
The noobs in chat tonight.
Of course, again, I'm going off memory.
Dark Soccer, you may have to help me if you don't recognize any of these names.
I think, well, first off, that name I just named is new.
RK1hexAugust31.
Let's see.
Broodwitch I think is new.
Alistar I recognize from our World of Warcraft guild.
Hello.
Let's see.
Who else is new?
I don't know if I recognize any other new names.
Jodrew?
Have we had that before?
I might be new too.
So there you have it.
Hello, noobs.
Everybody who's new.
The ones that I neglected to name and the ones that I may have named twice.
There you go.
Hi, monsters.
All right.
Wait.
Anyhow.
I just had it in my head because I just typed die, monster.
I meant hi, noobs.
All right.
Is there a Castlevania chat going on?
Someone said Rondo of Blood sucks, so I kicked whoever that was.
All right.
You're a big fan of Castlevania, obviously.
Symphony of the Night included.
No.
I like Metroid.
Look, I know you're really, well, then you should really like Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
I know.
Because it ripped off Metroid in many ways, but that's what made it so great.
I'm going to kick DM in too, just because.
Okay, do it.
What was I going to say?
Rondo of Blood you love, but Symphony of the Night was kind of in some ways a sequel to Rondo of Blood.
You love Symphony of the Night a lot, right?
Yeah, that was a sequel to Rondo of Blood.
Right.
Are you going to play it on Xbox Live Arcade, or are you going to say, eh, why should I download this?
I already have the PlayStation and Saturn and whatever else.
Saturn and I don't really have a need to, because I do have the other versions, so.
Although, to this one's credit, it'll be, you know.
If it's the Saturn version, hell yeah.
No, it won't be.
Then no.
It'll be enabled for your HDTV, granted it's got the stupid stagnant graphics on the side, but at least you won't have to worry about altering your TV settings or any of that stuff.
You can get messages from a lot of our listeners while you play.
Then no.
When I was playing DDR Universe this week, I got like 50.
I don't want messages arriving while I'm in the middle of the game.
You don't have to answer them.
I don't like seeing little things pop up on the middle of the game.
You can also ignore them.
You can turn that off.
I'm lazy.
I've been playing my PS3 today.
Well, that's your fault.
All right, well then let's get into how was your gaming week, because we always start off with a show with how was your gaming week.
So what have you been playing this week, Dark Sakura?
I played a lot of Marvel Ultimate Alliance today on PS3, which was really, really good.
And we just got a new pinball machine.
I've got a bride of Pinbot now.
We're working on fixing it up, and that's really it.
I thought you said you played Marvel this week.
That's what I just said.
I played a lot of Marvel Ultimate Alliance today.
Well, tell me more about it.
What's the game like?
It actually is a really good game.
It's surprising, although the PS3 version, it obviously is just a port, because nothing is pretty or super.
Well, I mean, it's really pretty.
The gameplay itself, but the cinemas are not touched up for it.
But the only complaint I really have with that game is the camera sometimes getting a little bit weird,
and the bosses in the Atlantis level right now.
But it was really cool, because, like, dude, what the hell is Mysterio doing here?
And, like, I've determined that playing as Elektra sucks, but playing as Captain America is fucking awesome,
because he throws the shield and it bounces off the walls while you beat other stuff up,
and then, like, right when they're about to hit you, it bounces them in the head.
I seem to remember it was kind of that way in an old arcade game.
Didn't they have an old arcade Marvel game that you could play that was very similar?
Yeah, there was the Avengers game that was, you know, just one of those little side-scrolling basher things.
I seem to remember a shield kind of did the same thing, where it bounced around.
Dude, Captain America is awesome.
That's cool.
I have a mild obsession with Captain America right now.
And yes, as a SH-100, Matt and his Marvel does rock,
except I've decided that who rocks more than she does in that game is Spider-Woman.
For those that maybe don't follow comic books as heavily as you do,
because I know you're a bit of a comic fangirl,
but maybe, you know, I like the X-Men movie, I like the cartoons,
I know I'm somewhat familiar with the Marvel universe, but I don't really follow it.
So would there be anything for me in this game, or would I not appreciate it because I don't really follow Marvel?
I don't think you have to really follow it.
I mean, there's so much fun fan stuff thrown in that I think it's really great,
but I don't think you really need to be a big fan of, you know, Marvel comics to get into the game.
It does follow the established Marvel universe, although for some weird reason.
Like, a couple of the characters are in their Ultimate costumes,
but, like, I quickly went and changed all of them back to their regular universe ones,
but it was pretty cool.
That has Nick Fury in it, and he's awesome.
But not like the Ultimate version, where he's like Sammy L. Pimp, you know, Nick Fury,
it's like old-school eyepatch Nick Fury, which makes me happy.
And no, wait, I cannot believe you're betraying me like this.
It's our friend Brad from Pod Culture.
No, I don't like DC Comics.
Except for I like Birds of Prey, because it's very, you know, ambiguously lesbian-ish.
Wait, DC Comics is...
Superman.
Batman, too, right?
And Batman.
I love the X-Men, and I love the Avengers, except for Iron Man, because he's an asshole right now.
But I really like Captain America.
All right, let's see, I'm looking at the chat room to see some other comics here.
Some folks in there are explaining their gaming week.
Of course, I see Brad saying the DC universe beats Marvel every day.
Uh-oh.
What else is there?
Sounds like a lot of people playing Crackdown this week.
Somebody had said, I was looking, there it is.
Tiger Claw says, I remember the X-Men arcade game with the widescreen and the four players.
And that was the game that first came into my mind.
Although, obviously, Captain America wasn't in that game,
but I also remember that game very well from the arcades.
Like, it was one of those things where they put two TVs together to make the screen,
and it had the big line going down the middle because it was two monitors next to each other.
But that game was fun.
And it wasn't just four, couldn't you play that with six people?
I seem to remember, like, there was a mondo-sized version.
Six or eight.
The Golf Land had a one-point. You could play, like, six people.
Of course, if you were player one or player six, it sucked to be you,
because you were, like, standing on the side.
You could kind of only half see the screen.
Because they have, like, three monitors or whatever, and it's kind of wrapped around.
Yeah, that was a funny game.
It's like, I walked off the screen. Aw.
All right, I'm assuming Dark Soccer has done, so, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was fun.
I played Crackdown a lot.
I actually finished the game, but I'm getting those last few achievements.
Like, I have everything maxed out except for firearms now, so I just have to max that out.
I'm already at level four on it, but just, you know, almost there.
And then I have to get the rest of the orbs and the hidden orbs and all that stuff.
So I'm just working on the last few achievements, but I'm done with the game, so, yay.
And then, what else?
Oh, I played DDR Universe, and that was okay.
It's good for DDR, I guess, but I got really uninterested, you know, after a while.
It took forever to unlock stuff, and it's kind of just, eh, don't care.
I really hate Quest Mode. I think it's retarded.
And, yeah, the Challenge Mode is kind of cool.
I really wish it was stuck with, like, the Interstellar Mode or whatever they had before in, like, Extreme 2 and stuff.
That was, Stellar Master Mode. That was a lot better than this crappy-ass Quest Mode.
It just has not gotten any better.
Bullet Witch. I played Bullet Witch a little bit, and everything bad that you've heard about that game is true.
It sucks balls.
It's really that bad. What exactly do you do in Bullet Witch? I've seen it, but I don't know much about it.
Bullet Witch, you just go around killing things, but the thing that sucks about it...
I like murder.
Okay, well, murder is good, but the game itself, there's no lock-on for anything, and the enemies are really fucking easy.
But then again, like I said, to be fair, I've only played it for a short amount of time, so I haven't really given it a fair shake yet,
but from what I've seen so far, it doesn't look good.
It looks like a game that was, like, first-gen PlayStation 2 or something, just really old.
I don't know. It just didn't feel very cool or anything, but, you know, whatever.
So I gave it a shot, and then I played the Armored Core 4 demo that's out in Japan right now,
and that one is awesome, and I can't wait to pick up the full game.
It's a lot faster than ChromeHounds.
If you were turned off by ChromeHounds, this might be the game for you, because it's a lot faster.
I mean, there's three fucking buttons for, you know, boost in the game, so, I mean, you gotta love that.
And it's just pretty cool. I like it.
Although it was in Japanese, so I didn't really know what they wanted me to do, but it was fun blowing up things.
So I'm really looking forward to that, and I think that's pretty much all I played this week.
Yeah, lots of Crackdown, though. I really need to play some co-op so I can get that last co-op achievement.
But, oh, there's some fun things to do in Crackdown. We were messing around with stuff.
Driving the semi-truck around and just boosting through pedestrians like crazy was fun.
Killing hundreds and hundreds of people.
And you can actually level up your driving pretty fast that way, because you end up killing more bad guys than you do the actual pedestrians.
I don't know. It was fun.
Alright. I also played a little bit of Crackdown this week, but not enough to really review the game.
And it's odd, because I don't really get into those types of games like Crackdown or Grand Theft Auto.
I mean, they're kind of fun for five minutes, but when I try to play the story mode, I don't really get into them as much.
So I can't really give the game a fair review yet, but I'm going to force myself to play a little more and try to look at it a little more from the perspective of,
well, okay, I realize I'm not a fan of this genre, but what my fans of the genre think of it.
But I'm more excited about getting to play the Halo 3 beta, finally, after all.
So I'm looking forward to that as part of Crackdown.
Also, games I did play a little more that I did get into this week. Missed Online, I finally checked out, which obviously existed a few years ago,
but kind of got the plug pulled on it before it really had a chance to be a flourished game.
So GameTap gave this thing CPR recently, and now it's up and running as of, I think, Valentine's Day or the day after is when they actually launched this.
So I went on there to check it out, very much unlike any other MMO you've ever played.
In fact, I don't even know if it would be fair to call this game an MMO,
because if you think this is going to be like a Warcraft-y run quest, slash things, kill things, that's totally not like that.
You've got to remember, Missed was not like that. Missed was what?
It was a puzzle game where you didn't really know what the hell was going on.
You just knew you had to do things to unlock the way, and as you explored, you figured out more of the story.
So that's exactly what Missed Online is. It's a game of exploration with other people.
It's kind of weird at first because my brain wasn't really thinking that was what I was getting into,
although I should have known better because I played Missed back in the day.
But I'm thinking, oh, it's an MMO. We're going to go around and kill things.
No, no, no, no, no. It's nothing like that.
So the game itself controls a little weird and is a little jumpy.
I don't know if I dug the control scheme, but it's very simple.
It's a very easy game to kind of jump into.
Things I liked about the game.
I think the game is relatively good looking, especially when you consider the game is a couple years old.
I think the game also, as I said, is easy to really pick up and go.
I think it's got a very interesting story, and I really like the ambiance
because in many ways it felt like it was Silent Hill just with no zombies.
There was a part that actually scared me is that I was walking onto a bridge,
and suddenly the bridge collapsed, and I was like, ah!
But that just kind of shows how you can really get sucked into this game
because the acronym URU also stands for U-R-U.
So you're supposed to kind of envision that it's actually you in the world.
So the music and everything kind of adds this ambiance to it that I really liked.
Things I didn't like about the game.
Download times are atrocious.
I mean, having to patch the game earlier in the week,
there was no percentage bar or anything that showed me how long it was.
I swear the game took like an hour to patch.
Additionally, when you try to access new areas in game,
it takes a long time to load up the new areas of the game
because sometimes it's like you're downloading them before you even go there.
I understand it's trying to download the world on my computer,
but I kind of wish there was a little more forewarning or something.
I literally had to wait 30 minutes for some new area to download,
and I just bounced from spending only five minutes in another place.
I was just kind of exploring, walking around, and then suddenly, bam,
I got to wait 30 minutes with no real warning.
So the load times in the game I was not a fan of.
I do think, though, back to the positives,
I think if you're the type of person to get sucked into those reality gaming things,
what do they call those things?
Like the Loki or the alternate universe games?
ARGs? What is that?
Alternate reality gaming ARGs.
What are some of the popular ones?
I don't remember.
They have one right now for...
It's not really an alternate reality game.
I guess it's more of a viral site or something,
but sort of is.
What was it?
premiumtechpaper.com or something like that?
Okay, well, Myst is kind of something like that,
but it takes you to the next level.
Actually, that might be more of a viral site.
Myst Online really takes us to the next level,
because there are sites that are supposedly made by people in the cavern.
I think if you're into role-playing a little bit, you'd really be into it,
because there's people that play IC in cavern.
They pretend that they really are in the cavern,
and they really are exploring these worlds and talk with that perspective.
There's people that play OOC at a cavern and talk like it's normal.
The Myst Online guides give you this general overview of what to expect.
I think it's really cool that GameTap is really pouring their heart and soul into this game.
I'm very encouraged to see what kind of next MMO they jump onto next,
because it's obviously putting a lot of effort into Myst.
Oh, one other thing I should say about Myst.
There are live people that interact with the game as well,
and continue to develop the story.
Essentially, the players can change the story by interacting with the real-life actors.
They do this orientation every hour, Monday through Friday, from 5 to 10.
They do orientations every hour.
I actually went to one, and there was actually a guy there
that talked about what the universe was.
To make sure it wasn't a robot, I threw out a question, and he actually answered it.
He said there were live people just talking about the game,
and took you on a tour of the main area.
If you're really into those alternate reality things, you're going to get a kick out of it.
But if you want a game where you quest that has an objective,
that has set goals and things you do,
Myst Online isn't going to be really feeling it for you.
It doesn't seem like you really interact with people a lot in the beginning.
I think that's something you work towards.
If you're a GameTap subscriber, obviously you're already paying for Myst Online,
so go in there and look at it.
It's worth it.
If you're not already a subscriber of GameTap, is it worth it just for Myst Online?
I'm not sure.
You really need to check out the demo so you can see for yourself what I'm talking about,
that it's not your typical type of MMO, and make your decision from there.
I still recommend GameTap as a whole, because 800-something games for $9.95 a month.
I think it's a great service.
Sometimes I talk about it so well on the show, you'd think I'm on their payroll,
but I'm not.
I think it's a really great service.
If you're a GameTap subscriber, go check it out.
If you're out of the country where you don't get GameTap
and you're going to have to buy this game separately,
definitely download the demo first, because again, it's Myst, not World of Warcraft,
not Final Fantasy, any of that stuff.
Also, I checked out DDR Universe for the Xbox 360.
There's a lot of very good things about Universe.
There's a lot of very bad things about Universe.
Dance House Revolution Universe, the good things, song list, great.
I love the song list.
Graphics, pretty cool, a little bit vibrant.
I had to turn them down because they were a little too colorful,
but the videos are very well done.
They're vibrant.
Obviously, the game is in HD, which gives the game a whole new look.
It's very cool.
Things I didn't like, quest mode, quest mode, quest mode.
That mode is atrocious.
It's the worst thing that ever happened to DDR since True Kiss Destination.
Seriously, it's awful.
It is so awful. I can't even explain it.
There's no questing to it.
It's like you go to a city and you fucking,
we need to get some fame, play songs over and over and over.
There's no explanation.
It's poorly done.
It's basically the same five challenges over and over,
and they have to unlock things through this mode as a joke.
So if you're thinking that,
oh, I'm going to get a thousand easy points from DDR Universe,
no, you'll get about 400 from playing just play each song once.
But quest mode, it's not even worth it.
Seriously, wait and see if an unlock code is released.
Like remember Ultramix 2,
like an unlock code came out later that would give you all the unlocks?
Just wait for that.
See if something happens.
I don't know if there is one or not,
but hopefully there is because quest mode sucks.
It's just not even worth it.
So in other words,
if you are buying this game as a single player
who likes all that extra stuff inside DDR,
the game itself is really solid,
like the songs and the steps and everything,
but if you're buying this for quest mode or Xbox Live,
which basically has all the modes we've seen before,
I don't think there's really a whole lot else extra.
Let me put it this way.
If you're contemplating upgrading to Xbox 360 just for DDR, don't.
But if you are a 360 owner,
DDR is a very unique game,
and I think it's something you should check out.
And they made it very beginner friendly, which I think is cool.
And other good things I should say about it real quick,
other good things is that, again, it's very beginner friendly.
It does have the jukebox mode and the edit step and video mode,
which is kind of neat.
And again, the song list is great.
The downloads are pretty cool.
Yes, they're already on the disc,
but honestly, some of the Ultra Mixes were done the same way.
It's something extra.
It's not essential to the gameplay.
And the basic game itself is fine.
But again, some of those other things,
like just the fact that the frame rate is still a little buggy,
I swear to God,
Cowboy Emi has her head on backwards when you play on certain songs.
Check it out for yourself. I'm not joking.
For a DDR hardcore fan,
there's going to be some things in here that really irk you.
Here's my thing that pissed me off,
and I don't know if you noticed it.
Did you have trouble playing on a controller with the game?
Because I had steps.
I know I hit it on time,
and it gave me a good, or it gave me a complete miss.
And I'm just like, what the fuck?
And I think it was either lag or there was just some sort of frame rate problem.
Turn off the videos and dancers and see if you get the same thing.
I turned off the videos.
It was a little bit better.
But here's the thing, though.
You need the videos to be on in order to play Quest Mode
because you get special points if you buy the background videos in the game,
which is stupid.
I don't know.
All right.
So, you know, I don't know.
Again, I do think DDR Universe is a good DDR game
because essentially what does DDR end up being?
It's all about the songs and the steps,
and DDR delivers on some awesome songs and great steps.
But the other stuff kind of built around it, not so great.
And I really hope they patch it up with Universe 2.
And I was very disappointed to see some of those like frame rate things
and just that Quest Mode is so god awful
when the PlayStation 2 mixes had perfectly fine extra modes in them
that should have been brought over to the 360
or, you know, let the PlayStation 2 people come up with your modes
because Quest Mode is horrible.
It's horrid.
So that's it.
Okay.
So, LankyStyle, I noticed you just joined us.
Do you want to be on the radio tonight?
No.
Okay.
Well, tell us about your gaming week anyway because you're here
with your freshly shaved head, I notice.
Oh, yeah.
What's that about?
I just...
Britney Spears.
Oh, I was going to say Britney Spears.
Britney Spears did it, and I love her.
I want to do the spider with her.
All right.
Anyhow, let's not explain what that is.
How was your gaming week?
Pretty good.
I've been playing Final Fantasy XII and Final Fantasy VI for the GBA
and just dual wielding the Final Fantasies because that's what I do.
And good times.
Don't have any of the new systems because I'm old school.
But I did play DR Universe, which is pretty cool.
I like the license tracks on it,
but the old school tracks that they pulled back,
that they brought back, I don't know.
I don't think it was the best selection.
Well, they've kind of already pulled a lot back in the other Xbox games, right?
Yeah.
So they kind of, you know, they didn't want to repeat, so...
That's true.
I know it's kind of cool they got Hot Limit back.
Eh, gay.
All right.
Let's see.
Going to the chat.
I'm trying to see what's being talked about previously there.
Most people are kind of taken back by the True Kiss destination reference,
or True Kiss TKD reference I made earlier in the show.
And then somebody had to explain the DDR games that only came out in Japan.
Let's see.
Let's say there's controversy brewing over Rondo of Blood in chat.
All right.
Let's see.
Fireball wants to know why do I keep hearing aim noises in the background
because Jamie's chatting while the show's going on.
You got busted.
I always have it open just like for only one person who is listening to the show,
by the way, so I can keep in touch with Tiara.
Gotcha.
All righty.
Well, now that we've gone over all our gaming weeks,
we're going to start getting into some gaming news.
But first, some housekeeping.
Housekeeping this week.
First off, we want to say a big thank you and hug, hug, kiss, kiss
to PSP Fanboy who profiled us on their site this week.
They, you know, posted like,
hey, this is a cool show that you should download.
I think it's called RSS This, so they didn't have to do that,
so that was very nice, and we had no idea it was coming.
What's kind of funny about it, Jamie,
I'm not sure if you're aware what happened,
but when they originally posted the review,
they said something about it's really refreshing to have gay commentators
on the show because Sky is gay and Dark Sakura is a lesbian,
and that made me go I have a bad feeling this guy listened to the episode
where if you go back a couple episodes,
Dark Sakura and Chris were making those jokes back at each other
where Dark Sakura and Chris were joking
that they were going to go off and have sex.
So that made me kind of laugh.
So I replied, and I was like, actually, she's married.
You may not have caught that.
You may have downloaded the show where she was flirting with the lesbians,
but she's just a cool girl who doesn't really, you know, sexualities, whatever.
So there you go.
So they corrected the thing, but they still like the show.
I like boobs.
I know. You're cool. Whatever.
Oh, my God.
I think what it boils down to, it's not that you're necessarily straight
or you're a lesbian. You're just a slut.
No, I'm not.
I'm just kidding. You're not.
I've only slept with one person ever.
I know.
I'm saying this right now.
I'm in a monogamous relationship with my very first and only, so ha.
And you still can look at boobs.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Because boobs are hot and squishy.
Very cool.
All right.
Also, a couple other quick housekeeping things.
I want to point out over on Orangeloungeradio.com in our forums,
we've opened up our feedback threads a little early now.
So that way, those of you guys that are listening live,
A, if you're too chicken to join the chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com,
you can post in our forum your live feedback as the show is going.
And also, it's a good way for folks that are listening live
if they're in a chat room,
like if they had a favorite topic or quote
or some funny moment that they wanted to document,
that can go in the thread.
And that's really good in helping us to write our synopsis,
what you guys liked,
because then we kind of know what to feature in the show
because you guys say you liked it.
So just a little thing there.
Also, we want to mention this.
This doesn't directly have to do with us,
but we're kind of throwing our support behind it, shall we say.
Obviously, if you didn't already know,
Orange Lounge Radio is rebroadcast on a network called All Games,
available at allgames.com,
and we rebroadcast there in full parts A and B
Monday night at 5.30 Pacific time
and Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m. Pacific time.
And it's us syndicated on there,
as well as a bunch of other podcasts you may have heard of,
Evil Avatar, Chatterbox, Video Game Outsiders,
Game Attic Hotline, just to name a few.
There's a lot of good shows that are syndicated on there.
All Games is trying to build this community-type thing.
It's kind of like Myspace, but without the suck,
because Myspace, as nice as it is,
and you get a lot of attention there and everything,
the problem with Myspace is that I don't know about you guys,
but I'm getting all these cam girls and sluts
and hey, cam guys and everything that are trying to add me on there,
and you have to filter out all this spam and crap
to get through Myspace.
So I guess All Games found this other service called Ning
that allows you to create your own social network
without all the frickin' ads and all that stuff.
And that's pretty cool.
You can have your own blog on there and talk about stuff,
and then the blogs go to the front page,
and you can add your own videos and all that stuff.
So it's pretty cool.
I think we've all made profiles on there.
I know Dr. Sakura did. I did.
Loki, you're making one or will be making one.
Haven't made one yet, but yeah.
Would you? Okay.
So if you want to check that out, it's community.allgames.com.
And granted, we could have used Ning to make our own page,
our own social network, the Orange Lounge social network,
but we kind of didn't see the point
because we're all about indie podcasting,
and we know the reality is we're probably not the only game podcast you listen to.
And also, if you're an All Games listener,
most of the other podcasts you listen to are probably on All Games.
So why don't we all band together and contribute to this one network
as opposed to having ten little ones?
So there you have it.
I actually posted a blog post there today,
so go check it out and comment on it and tell me what you thought.
See? Isn't that cool?
All right. I think that's it for housekeeping.
So we will get into some game news now.
Who's starting us off tonight?
I do believe that would be me.
Congratulations.
Well, for all five of us who have PlayStation 3s,
we have something to look forward to.
The firmware is being updated to 1.54
that will add video chat features so that we can, I guess,
watch naked people and sweaty fanboys on the other side.
But if it's our screen format, hey, that'd be great.
And if you've also...
This, of course, is more going to go toward any of the UK listeners,
but if you've imported your PS3,
you'd go into the system menu and update via the Internet,
or you can download the firmware from the U.S. or Japanese support sites.
We actually have to pay 20 bucks for it.
I'm sorry, 20 bucks for Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection.
Over in the UK, that would be $6.99.
And that's really the only differences I'm seeing coming up with that.
I didn't download that either.
I was like, eh, no.
Twenty-some dollars is too much for me to pay for a game.
That you download.
I was going to say, you paid like 60 bucks for...
Yeah, but there's a big difference between Tekken and Dig Dug.
I'm also not a Tekken fan.
I'm not really a fighting game fan either.
I don't think Tekken is worth $600,
which is essentially what you're going to try to sell me on,
because I still don't have a PlayStation 3.
And Flow, I still haven't gotten Flow.
It's like, I have trouble paying $8.
You mean After Dark, the game?
Yeah, exactly.
They should have put toasters in there.
That would be even better.
That would be fun.
If you didn't listen to last week's show, by the way,
we did tell Sony exactly how to win the next gen war race.
And I'm thinking, even though we said this should be a retail game,
it may work if they put it on Xbox Live Marketplace.
And once again, that is Laser Cats the game.
If they can obtain the license to Laser Cats and get the exclusive
and put it on Xbox Live Market, or, whoops.
PlayStation Network.
See?
See where my mind goes?
I don't even realize there's a PlayStation Network,
so I'll have Laser Cats 3.
Well, if Xbox beats them to it, that's the nail in Sony's coffin.
So there you go.
It's a race now.
This is the real next gen wars.
Who will obtain Laser Cats the game,
because that will be the victor of the next gen war.
Now, not necessarily adding lasers to cats is a good idea.
I mean, for example, there was a game called Laser Dolphin
that came out that was basically a rip-off of Echo the Dolphin.
I think it might have even been made by the same people.
And, yeah, it sucked.
They basically added weapons to a bunch of the sea life,
and it wasn't very fun.
But they had dolphins with freaking laser on their heads.
So, I don't know.
It's a start.
It's a start.
Another start would be the future updates
getting some upscaling for your DVDs.
Now, this is, I think, a feature that's already on the Xbox 360,
and it's already on Blu-Ray players out there,
at least some of the Sony ones
and I think some of the other ones out there.
But that's something that's going to be coming later on.
Of course, normal DVDs upscaled look pretty good.
Not exactly going to be as great as content that was made for that resolution.
But, hey, something's better than nothing.
I'd rather have my DVDs look a little bit better.
So, hooray!
Something that's in the update other than video chat,
because guess what?
I don't have any friends on the PlayStation Network,
so video chat's kind of useless to me.
You have no friends on the PlayStation Network?
Yeah, I have Bobby on there, and that's about it.
That is the only friend on my friends list.
Aw, Bobby's your only friend?
And I don't even play online, really, with the PS3.
I've never played Resistance online,
which I really need to do because it's supposed to be pretty good.
And then Motorstorm, which this week we're going to have that,
and maybe I'll play that online,
but Motorstorm is not two-player split-screen.
That fucking sucks.
Why the hell can't they do split-screen games anymore?
Is it just too graphic-intensive?
Because you're essentially having to render the two things at once.
Well, I would think that the cell processor could handle that.
I don't know.
I mean, shit, it should be able to reconstruct my DNA.
I mean, the cell is awesome, right?
Anyways, so upscaling DVDs,
I think the cell processor should be able to do that, hopefully.
All right, let's see, going on to the chat room
and kind of looking at what's going on in chat.
Let's see, the Rob D. was correcting me from earlier
and said it's actually not $600.
It's $599 U.S. dollars.
Oh, sorry, but you forgot tax and all that other crap they throw in there.
$599, 99.
Yeah.
Let's see, Holy Shonen says,
Aw, poor Loki, Bobby, his only friend.
And Rama says, Loki is the Charlie Brown of Orange Lounge Radio.
Did you want to give out your username
so that other listeners can take pity on you
and you can have more than one friend?
It's just Loki space O-L-R.
Oh, there you go.
All right.
I don't think it's just no one has PlayStation 3s.
I have one.
Wait, why aren't you guys friends?
Because you don't like Loki?
Because she doesn't play her PlayStation 3.
Yes, I do.
I played it all day today.
I sold one of my PlayStation 3 games.
I sold Full Auto 2 finally.
I'm still keeping Ridge Racer 7 just for the fuck of it.
Because it's Ridge Racer.
Exactly.
It's Ridge Racer 6 and new packaging for the PlayStation 3.
Fucking 8.
I'm not buying Ridge Racer 8.
Hear me now, Namco.
You need to change more than just...
Look, the cars are a little bit more shiny.
And the tracks are a little bit more shiny.
What if Ridge Racer 8 allowed you to select
Toons is the driving cat as a driver?
Would you then buy Ridge Racer 8?
No, I wouldn't.
Although, if Ridge Racer 8 had tons of sluts everywhere,
then maybe.
That's what they need.
You know, the one cover chick is cool,
but you need lots of sluts.
You need this to be like an import magazine.
You know, fucking tuner shit.
Where you have hot Asian busty models everywhere.
This is what will sell Ridge Racer for you.
Why are you rolling your eyes, Jamie?
You just said five minutes ago you like boobs.
I wasn't rolling my eyes.
I was popping my neck.
Oh.
I'm telling you, this is what they need.
Because Ridge Racer doesn't really stand out.
And you know what?
Need for speed and fucking juiced and stuff
are kind of getting a little bit better.
But seriously, more women could never hurt.
Well, I don't know if there'd be anything in that for me.
Who cares?
You don't play Ridge Racer.
I do too.
I played Ridge Racer 6.
Then you'll like it with the women.
Fine.
I do like boobs.
It's fun.
Like she said, they're squishy.
They put it this way.
They make good pillows.
Well, if you like Ridge Racer as it is now,
then it won't matter.
Because they'll still be the same.
It'll just have extra women in there.
If the women aren't for you, then there you go.
You've still got Ridge Racer.
Let's see.
Fireboma says Ridge Racer 8.
Sluts everywhere.
Alpha Canogram gives the mandatory LOL sluts.
GS68 says Ridge Racer Xtreme Beach Volleyball.
There you go.
And Bobby Black Wolf just joined chat going,
did someone say my name?
To which Rob D promptly responded,
it's Loki's only friend, Black Wolf.
Are you going to put the patent down on this Ridge Racer?
Ridge Racer 8.
No, because they'll never do it.
I mean, they're still making weird.
They still think that fucking Peanuts is a valuable franchise to them.
I mean, come on.
All right.
Actually, I wanted to pull up here.
I actually have.
I overheard Black Wolf and Loki talking earlier,
and I actually found the theme song of their relationship.
So here it is.
I'm your only friend.
I'm not your only friend.
But I'm a little blowing friend.
But really, I'm not actually your friend.
But I am.
Haven't you ever heard this song in your life?
Never mind.
OK.
Joke gone wrong.
Also, something that went way wrong earlier this week
was the relationship between Kotaku and Sony.
Surely, if you've been anywhere on the internet this week on game blogs,
you've heard about this whole fiasco.
Basically, Kotaku published this rumor,
and the rumor is that PlayStation is going to be unveiling
the PlayStation Home at Game Developers Conference.
Quote, basically, you get to make an avatar for your console, like a me,
and this avatar has a room.
As you play games and accomplish certain tasks,
you will receive items with which to adorn the room
that are specific to the game, achievements.
The kicker is that this is going to be a new requirement
for every PlayStation 3 game.
Awesome.
PlayStation is doing something right.
They are ripping off some of the best parts of Nintendo and Microsoft,
which is what they need to do.
That's fine.
Everybody rips each other off.
They're ripping off the Wii and Animal Crossing from Nintendo.
They're ripping off the achievements from Xbox 360
and making a more dynamic online service to compete with them.
Great.
This sounds like a wonderful thing.
Certainly, this couldn't be bad press.
This is good news for Sony for once.
And what does Sony do?
They fuck it up with bad press because suddenly,
like not even five minutes after this rumor goes up,
Kotaku gets this huge Yudon fucked up letter from Sony.
I don't have the letter in front of me,
but essentially it said you're a bad person for running that story.
Therefore, you're uninvited from our press conferences.
We want you to send the dev kit back.
We're slapping you on the wrist, blah, blah, blah.
It is the equivalent of playing Monopoly with somebody who's losing,
and they throw the board up in the air and say,
Fuck this game.
I'm taking my board home.
That's basically what happened, yes?
Fair to say?
Yeah, and they're worried about negative press from the story.
So this catches wildfire because everybody's like,
What the hell did Kotaku do wrong?
Not only did they pretty much prove this rumor to be true,
I mean, come on.
Is there any way this rumor could not be true?
Well, that and the fact that they've also registered trademarks
for PlayStation Home.
That came out later.
You're jumping in later.
Sorry.
But now we all knew the damn thing was true.
What they really had to do is just...
We do not comment on rumors.
If Sony had kept their mouth shut,
they could have still had somewhat of a surprise
at Game Developers Conference.
But from this happening, did they not think,
Oh, well, if we're going to slap Kotaku's wrist,
don't you think they're probably going to blog about it
since obviously Sony doesn't care about him anymore?
Well, here's the other thing that I think is kind of bad.
Real quick, obviously the rest of the story is
the rest of the internet banded behind Kotaku.
It got on Digg.
Even other blogs like Destructoid
changed their title banner to basically say,
Brian Crescente has the biggest balls in the world,
something like that.
The entire internet is jumping behind what Kotaku did,
and Sony got its tail between its legs now,
has to go, Oh, we made a mistake.
Kotaku, can we play nice again?
And they made up.
They kissed and made up.
Well, here's the whole thing.
The big focus wasn't about this whole story.
It was that Sony was trying to dictate to a blog
what stories they could post and what they can't.
They're reporting on stuff.
It's free speech.
They can do whatever the fuck they want.
It's like if there's a negative story about them,
they don't want anything to do with you.
So it's kind of like they want this blog
to be in their pocket type thing.
But of course they have better journalistic integrity
than Sony had believed, so it didn't quite go their way.
They thought, Oh, big bad, Sony's going to make a huff and puff,
and they're going to just be like, Oh, okay, we'll take the story down then.
Rama says, Sky, the whole Kotaku Sony thing
was a damn publicity stunt.
What do you think?
No.
Where's the evidence to back that up?
I don't know.
It's not a publicity stunt.
I think it's just being stupid.
Why wouldn't Sony use their own three something,
that site they have?
It's called like three...
I keep thinking of Frogger 2 three deep.
I don't know why, but they have...
Yes, please.
Blog site's called Frogger 2 three.
Could I have said anything more random?
They have some site, three something,
that shows how much we care.
Three play.
Thank you.
You knew that the whole time.
You just wanted to watch me struggle.
They had three play or whatever.
Couldn't they have just used that for their publicity?
Or is it because no one reads three play?
It was probably this.
It was probably that the news sounds very much like,
Mm, they're ripping off people,
and they're probably going to go, Mm, this is our original idea.
We were the first to ever have achievements.
I could see them saying that.
Yo, Microsoft's copying us.
It's just retards like that.
I can't help, I know...
I don't know.
Great, I guess, that they're doing this.
Cool.
I'm not going to buy more games, though, because of it.
I'm sorry.
Microsoft was smart to do the achievements,
because I'm a sucker,
and I buy crappy games like Bullet Witch,
because of this shit.
And no matter how hard I try,
I can't do that, because I'm hooked, like crack.
And so, you know, the PlayStation Network or whatever,
great, I get crap for my virtual house.
That's awesome.
I'll show it to all my friends.
Oh, wait, Bobby is my only friend on there.
So, great, that's going to be awesome.
I can't wait to show all my friend, you know.
It's just stupid, though.
That's the problem.
They don't get it.
It's not because people are not buying a PlayStation 3
or going on their network service,
because there's no achievements or Miis.
It's because it's $600, not because there's no Miis.
I didn't go, oh, wow, you know, there's Miis on here now.
I guess I'll spend $600 on a PlayStation 3.
No, that's not the reason why people aren't buying your platform.
Jamie, you want to chime in?
I like Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Okay, what if, let's say PlayStation puts out a patch.
They actually do have an online version on that, by the way.
Well, let's say PlayStation comes out with a patch
and all the old games get this too,
because there's relatively enough games out there
where they could go back to all the old games and patch them.
And let's say you could get a Captain America shield in your house from playing.
Would that be cool?
Yes, it would.
But is that enough to be like a real robust feature
that could sell the PlayStation 3?
It's like, hey, come over to my house.
I've got a Captain America shield.
My answer time.
It would be, hey, come over to my house,
I have a Captain America shield in it.
If it were like something where the whole environment
was very like Animal Crossing,
where you can walk around and talk to people
in like this big online chat room almost with avatars,
that would be kind of cool.
Which it could be.
Keep in mind, it hasn't been officially announced yet.
If it was browser the MMO or something,
then that would be one.
I don't think it's enough to sell the system.
That's exactly what I think,
is that I don't think it's $600 cool,
but Sony badly needs something cute like this
to kind of help their image, if that makes any sense.
Like they really need something like this.
But again, it boils down to the games.
Well, they need something also to flesh out their network
because right now their network's just kind of a clusterfuck of,
I don't know what's going on, you know.
I mean, there's no downloadable content for the games.
There's hardly any demos online.
There's hardly any download content other than PlayStation 1 games.
Great! PlayStation 1 games.
I need a PS3 to download games to my PSP.
Which, by the way, people have broke already,
so you can, you know, copy them and completely, you know, pirate the shit.
But it's like there's no motivation for me to go online with this thing at all.
I mean, I'm sorry.
There's just, Motorstorm's going to be a great game.
Great.
I feel like I should buy a PlayStation 3 just to be your friend
and take pity on you.
I just, I feel so bad for you and you're my friend.
Why? I don't play my PlayStation 3.
I play my 360 and I've been playing the Wii a little bit,
but mainly my 360.
And there was a time when I was playing Resistance,
I'm like, well, I don't know when am I going to go back and play my 360.
Well, it didn't take long to finish Resistance
and then there's no reason to play it anymore.
So now I'm back to playing my 360 where there's a bunch of new shit coming out,
which is great, you know, but PlayStation 3 doesn't have anything really unique to it.
It's everything, if I'm going to get a game,
I'm going to get it on the 360 because it has achievements.
Black Wolf's getting a little territorial.
Black Wolf says, no, Sky, he's my friend.
You stay back, bitch.
You can add me and Dan.
We're on there as Gunstar Hero.
Cue the scary music theme, single white female, whatever.
All right, so definitely something that we'll continue to develop next week,
a Game Developers Conference when they actually announced it.
Oh, wait, sorry, it's supposed to be a rumor, but come on,
we all know it's probably true.
It is true.
They've already registered the fucking trademarks for it.
They got a logo for it.
It's coming out.
They just didn't want it to look like this was something that they thought up real quick
or anything like, I don't know, a six-axis controller.
We always meant for that to have tilt control.
It wasn't like after we saw the Wii or anything that we decided to put this in here.
Could someone going to Game Developers Conference randomly shout out,
I love you Kotaku, during the Sony press conference like after or before
when everybody's coming in?
I would do it myself, but I'm afraid of getting kicked out.
So I need someone with bigger balls.
I can't even go, so at least I didn't get invited.
You can just go.
Is it free?
Well, if you're a press, yes.
I think you'd have to register, though.
You can do it at the thing.
You can't do that.
Yes, you can.
Anyway, I'll talk to you offline.
All right, let's go ahead and move on to the next story.
Well, there is a little bit more from Sony.
They have their launch lineup for the European PlayStation Network.
There will be a few downloads available on March 23rd,
some 5 Dark Resurrection for 6.99,
Blast Factor for 3.49,
and Gran Turismo HD Trial for free.
Other games that are set to come out are on the 30th,
Super Rub-a-Dub, which is a duct,
6th of April, Flow, 13th April, Go Sudoku,
and 20th April, Go Puzzle.
So there's just a few things available for that.
Have you noticed that a lot of their games that they make
for the online network that use 6-axis tilt controls
are just games where it's involving you shooting something
or something in water that you tilt the thing around.
That is like the only thing that the 6-axis is good for
is like fucking Etch A Sketch shit.
For the record, I hate the 6-axis.
Actually...
I hate it.
Why?
Because you had to do shit with it on Marvel Ultimate Alliance
and it's so fucking unwieldy.
It just is an annoyance.
Actually, that would be kind of funny as an Etch A Sketch
because you could use the analog sticks and use the dials
and then you could shake the controller to clear it.
I don't know.
They should make downloadable...
But what if I had Parkinson's
and I'd never be able to draw anything?
Well...
I don't know.
Don't buy that then.
Don't buy a Wii.
Buy a 360 then.
Alright.
I will.
The 360 will rumble for you.
Anyways, so...
Apparently, there's been some rumors going around
that the 20 gigabyte version of the PlayStation 3
is on its way out.
And...
Sony, of course, is saying,
no, that's not the case.
It's just...
You know, that model, it's...
Depending up to the stores, you know,
what they want to carry in their store,
whether the 60 gig or 20 gig,
and unfortunately, the 60 gigs,
they're doing more than the 20 gigs,
so people are bringing in less 20 gig systems
into their stores.
Personally, though, from a distributor standpoint,
we can't get 20 gigs anymore.
The company we get them through won't sell them anymore.
So...
Take that as you will.
So, they may not be on the way out,
but they sort of are on the way out
because the 60 gigs they're selling in.
I heard a rumor that it might actually be cheaper
for them to produce a 60 gig over the 20 gig,
which that doesn't make any sense, but...
You know, whatever.
I guess, you know, maybe they may announce something
at Game Developers Conference, you know,
that they're redesigning the PS3
or something like that, so...
Now in pretty colors!
Oh, yeah.
You know what?
That might be pretty smart to beat Nintendo
to the market with that kind of crap.
Beat them at their own game?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, unless they come out and say,
now in pretty colors and $200 cheaper,
I don't know if I'm sold yet.
Anyhow, something that might bring some people
back to the PlayStation 3,
including Hideo Kojima,
you know, if you can think back to an old story.
I mean, yes, we all know Metal Gear Solid 4
is coming out on 360, but...
I can't get Microsoft out of my mind tonight.
What the fuck?
Apparently, Metal Gear Solid 4
is coming out on PlayStation 3,
but what did Kojima say he missed?
Rumble, right?
And that was an essential part of Metal Gear Solid,
and obviously Rumble is not on the PlayStation 3.
Well, apparently Rumble could be coming back,
and the reason why we say could be
is because Sony and Immersion have settled
their patent litigation.
Think back, in the past,
Immersion sued Sony over the Rumble thing.
They actually settled with Microsoft,
and I believe Nintendo had already worked it out
with Immersion before they ever put it in there.
They worked it out with the other two companies.
That's why you have Rumble and the 360 and the Wii.
But Sony was just like, well, screw you.
We're not going to have Rumble then.
Rumble is so last-gen, if it's going to be like that.
Since Wii can dictate what is next-gen and what is not,
we're just going to say Rumble is so last-gen.
Sony seems like a big, whiny child to me.
They think they have the edge on the competition,
but really, they're just kind of trailing behind
in ideas and innovation.
This time.
Well, this time, I mean, all the time.
When have they been ahead?
Okay, granted, they had a DVD drive in the PlayStation 2.
Okay, good for them.
That's good.
On top of PlayStation 1 and 2, they were a little bit ahead of time.
They were behind on the fucking Rumble technology.
They're behind on analog sticks on there.
And even the controller designs,
fucking copying off of the Super Nintendo.
So, I don't know.
They're just playing the copycat game.
Oh, they did it pretty well the last two gens.
Well...
All right, well, anyway.
What makes this whole thing very interesting
is what Kazurai had to say after this whole thing.
Quote,
We look forward to exploring with Immersion exciting new ways
to bring the largest and best range of gameplay experiences to our customers.
We are very excited about our new partnership with Immersion
and the potential for new and innovative products
incorporating their technologies.
Great, I gotta buy new controllers now.
Thank you very much.
I hope I can trade them in.
Interesting, I guess is all I can say.
I mean, not even like three days ago,
someone over at Sony, I don't remember who said it,
but somebody said it was probably that crazy guy from Sony Europe,
Phil Harrison.
I think he was the one that said,
Rubble is so last gen.
And now things seem to change on a dime yet again.
Well...
We do, though.
Anything in this industry, though, does change pretty crazy,
including release dates.
However, I have a fairly decent list for our UK listeners.
So, starting with the releases on the 5th,
which would be tomorrow for us, actually it's the 5th there already,
is Wario Master of Disguise in the DS.
Coming up on the 9th is Bullet Witch,
Castlevania Portrait of Ruin,
Garfield's Nightmare,
Grand Theft Auto by City Stories,
Luminesce Plus,
Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2,
March of the Minis,
Rogue Galaxy,
Runaway 2,
The Dream of the Turtle,
Silver Fall,
The Hustle of Detroit Streets,
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2,
and Trackmania United on PC.
Cool.
We actually have a pretty good week as far as release dates in the United States.
Definitely some good stuff,
especially one of my favorites,
coming to the Playstation 2,
Grand Theft Auto by City Stories,
for the whopping cheap price of $19.99.
So, you should definitely check it out.
Of course, I don't think there's going to be multiplayer in there,
so that kind of sucks.
Let's see,
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 for the 360 and the PC,
Def Jam Icon for Playstation 3 and the 360.
That should be pretty cool.
Titan Quest Immortal Throne for the PC.
Let's see,
Motorstorm on the Playstation 3.
Can't wait to pick that one up.
Wario, Master of Disguise on the DS,
as well as I believe Rayman's Raving Rabbids,
and Shrek's Smash and Crash Racing on the DS.
Burnout Dominator on Playstation 2 and the PSP,
and it looks like Tortuga,
Two Treasures on the PC.
I do believe there's also a Sudoku game coming out as well,
but I don't think anyone's going to pick that up.
But that's the big stuff.
All right.
Oh, NBA Street Home Court on the PS3, that's right.
Coming out over in Japan,
because sometimes the games that we get over here
are often based off what comes out in Japan.
Over on the Playstation 3,
Power Smash 3 is coming out from Sega,
but you know the series as Virtua Tennis,
and that's coming out on March the 8th.
On some other systems,
over on the Nintendo Wii,
Bomberman Land Wii is coming out on March 8th.
See, this is why I like doing the same.
I didn't even know they were making a freaking Bomberman game for the Wii,
so there you have it.
Hopefully much better than Bomberman Act Zero.
Hopefully they don't take Bomberman into the future.
We'll see what happens.
A game called iShield 21 from Nintendo
is actually coming out over in Japan this week as well.
It looks like it could be a fighting game or something.
I'm not sure exactly what this is.
They file it into the...
It's actually more of an action game, it looks like.
I'm trying to see what some of the screenshots look like.
Looks like it has a bunch of different modes in it there,
like you kick a ball in one mode as a football player.
Looks like another one you kind of throw a football.
I think it might be an amateur Olympics type of game.
So there you have it.
Maybe someone in chat will pipe up who knows more about that game.
Which one?
It's called iShield 21.
It's an anime-based football game, I think.
Interesting.
If I remember correctly.
And it's just like, I guess, Imagine Madden,
but with fictional football characters, they're anime.
Alright.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2,
you have Guitar Freaks and Drummania Masterpiece Gold
coming out over in Japan.
You used to import all those Guitar Freaks games, Jamie.
Are you going to get this one?
No.
Why not? What made you stop?
I have a life.
Alrighty then.
Major League Baseball 2K6 comes out of Japan
for the PlayStation 2 on March 8th.
2K6?
That's what it says, 2K6.
Probably 2K7.
Is that a typo?
It could be.
Probably.
No, that's the screenshot for 2K6.
Holy crap, they're behind.
Little bit.
That's probably 2K7.
I don't know why you would want to purchase 2K6.
Maybe they're just a little behind.
Kenka Banchu 2 Full Throttle also comes out
on the PlayStation 2 this week.
It's another action game.
Looks like it's probably based on an anime.
Little fighting game, scary looking man in that game.
Let's see if there's any other systems
I want to announce release dates for.
How about Nintendo DS?
There's a whole lot of crap coming out on the DS
this next week.
Doraemon is coming out.
Doraemon Nobita no Shinmaki Daibouken is coming out.
Dragon Sakura DS is coming out as well.
EQ Trainer DS, another one of those training games.
Fun.
Let's see, a couple of games in the puzzle series
from Hudson also coming out as well.
I should mention this because this is probably
the biggest release of the week over for Japan.
Second Detsetsu Heroes of Mana coming out
from Square Enix.
I imagine that would be the next Mana game
that we're going to get over here.
We're getting Dawn of Mana next.
It's probably the same thing, just a different name.
That's, of course, speculation from someone
who has not done their research on what exactly
that game is.
No problem.
I forgot to mention there was some exclusive stuff
that we had, of course, this week for release.
It's very small though.
There's a brand new Wii game coming out later this year.
Dave Mirra BMX Challenge for the Wii
coming out November, or not November, July 11th.
And that game, Spelling Spree, which was being released
by Ubisoft is now known as Wordplay.
So I guess they thought Spelling Spree was retarded
as a name.
I would like to thank everyone in chat room
who was yelling at me over what Ice Shield 21 is.
You all watch far more Japanese import animation
than I do.
There you have it.
It's fucking football, don't ask.
My bad.
Yeah, Rob, you should know better.
Sorry, did you know what it was?
Did you say anything to try to correct me?
I know, I like seeing you flounder.
You're a bitch.
I know so.
Well, speaking of bitchy things,
you know, these things that are going to have
other companies bitching,
it has been speculated that the Wii is going to
outsell the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 through 2008.
The market research firm IDC has basically stated
that they believe the hardware shipments of the Wii
will capture more than a third of the worldwide market
by 2008.
And it will rise above the PS3 and Xbox 360.
In related news, I still don't give a shit what an analyst has to say.
I think it's already proving, though, to be that way.
Just, you know, look at how it's performing.
I'll give you that.
But I get so sick of these.
Analyst says this.
Stories making it to blogs.
That's why I'm not talking about any stories with analysts.
And it's catching a lot of news and what have you.
And you're right.
The whole reason I thought that it was relevant
is because it is happening.
It's something that we actually see happening.
I'll give you that.
Just like we had this week as well.
There was another analyst that said that the PlayStation 3
is going to take over by 2010.
Then there was another analyst that says the Wii is going to take over.
Then there was another analyst that says that the 360 is going to take over.
We need someone to analyze the analyst.
So you know what that means?
It's crap information.
Your guess is as good as their guess.
What do you think about this guess?
I mean, I actually kind of agree with it.
I do think the Wii will continue to outpace 360 and PlayStation 3
just based on the reactions of people I see who aren't gamers.
Again, keep in mind, Kars was one of the top selling games last year.
Not thanks to any hardcore gamer who reads the blogs
and thinks that that's the whole gaming world right there in that bubble.
The casual gamer is what's going to push the Wii, I believe,
ahead of those other two systems.
I don't think so.
I think the 360, there's going to be some great games coming out.
It's a little bit slow in the beginning of the year.
January, there's like Lost Planet coming out.
Or was it January? There's like two games for the 360.
Most people were still picking up the Wiis
because they couldn't get a hold of them at launch.
Right now, I think by the end of this year,
I still think the 360 is going to be beating the crap out of the Wii.
But I don't really hear people talking about Lost Planet anymore.
Yet I still hear people talking about Wii Sports.
Well, that's because people are simpletons and they like Wii Sports.
Big deal.
People are picking up Wii Play, not because of Wii Play,
but because it came with another controller.
Nintendo's just not putting out enough product.
I have a story here real quick that Nintendo is slow
to resupply retailers with brand new Wiis.
I can attest to that.
Distribution for the month of March is being cut out of their replenishment cycles.
Basically, Nintendo has said, guess what?
The distributors out there, you're not getting any new Wiis for the month of March.
We're giving them all to retailers because we can't make enough.
So they right now are having a problem with production,
and I think they just need to pump out as main systems,
but eventually it's going to plateau once all those people that were waiting to get one finally get one.
But right now, Super Paper Mario is coming out in April,
but there's not any real big games announced that have definite dates yet other than the fall.
So I think it's going to just plateau.
Yay, it's the DS drought all over again despite what Mr. Fils-Aime said previously.
Yeah, seriously, Mario Party's been delayed to whenever, at least summer.
And then there's really a lot of crappy games coming out.
But Zelda Ocarina of Time on Virtual Console.
Fap, fap, fap.
Oh goody, great.
That's awesome.
Virtual Console, totally the reason why you should buy a Wii.
It's kind of, you have to admit, for some, again, casual gamers, that kind of appeals to them.
Well great, but I don't think it's going to sell systems though.
I think really right now people saw WarioWare and it was a lot of fun,
and they're seeing some of the games coming out probably in March,
but there is going to be a drought, and I think that's going to plateau off.
If it's the 360, if they have as big of a month as they're planning to in May,
it's going to keep going.
And I think with Game Developer Conference there's going to be some major announcements.
And then eventually, especially with November, we're just going to see it take off again,
with Halo 3 especially.
So, I don't know.
Going back to both these topics here, Gaming Nerd in chat says,
by 2010, none of these consoles are going to be good since the next gen will be here,
and some console will get released a year before the rest.
Good point.
Let's see, also talking about JV Mon says, who the fuck cares about Ocarina?
Thank you very much, because I think Ocarina is one of the most overhyped games ever.
I like Ocarina of Time. It's one of my favorite games.
I like it. I like it.
It's one of my favorite games.
There are certain websites out there that review some of these Zelda games,
and because it's Zelda, they give it a 10 out of 10.
Not saying which websites, but I saw that and rolled my eyes and go,
well, I kind of figured you'd do this,
seeing as you've got a big heart on over fucking Twilight Princess,
which I might add, it's a great game, but it's not perfect.
I did have a heart on over Twilight Princess, actually.
It wasn't fucking the greatest thing on earth.
I've seen way better.
But actually, it was pretty good.
But anyway, no, I don't think, for me, Ocarina was no Link to the Past.
That was my problem.
Call me a 2D gamer, whatever, but that was my problem,
was Ocarina was no Link to the Past.
Exactly. So, whatever.
Controversial viewpoint, sorry, what can I say?
That's what we love to have here on this show, our controversial viewpoints.
What we also love on this show are other little bits of retro goodness,
and this always makes me squee,
and I notice Rice Princess is here joining us now,
so say hello to the fanboys and girls.
Rice Princess?
Hello.
How are you doing this week?
Kind of tired.
Sorry to hear that.
You want to nap on the ground there while we do the show?
No, it's filthy.
All right.
I don't know if you remember this game, Rice Princess,
but coming to the Wii from System 3,
we've talked about this previously on the show,
but we have some box art now for Impossible Mission coming out to the Wii,
and...
Are you freaking joking? This is awesome.
No, I'm not.
This is news that just makes you want to shout,
Ahhhhhhhhhhh.
It's more like, another visitor, stay a while, stay forever.
Nobody's going to get that.
Anyway, Impossible Mission, if you can believe it,
came out 25 years ago,
was one of the first games to use real synthesized speech,
such as the type that Rice Princess and I just performed for you guys.
Keep in mind, this is not Mission Impossible.
This was I guess you could call it a spoof game. There's some cool little screenshots there
These are from the DS version of the game, but look at that
It's like it's like what they did right with this is the same damn game. Just would like really pretty graphics
That's pretty cool, and it's also coming out on the PSP
You can see PSP DS and Wii so very curious to see what's gonna happen there also. What's new to this game
There is a new tutorial mode
There's also three game modes and three characters to choose from
The characters look to be the dude that was in the original game a chick now
Is that chick or a guy with long hair actually can't tell oh, no, it's a chick and a robot named gamma
What
What it is a robot
Anyway, the three game modes you can play new
Original and of course the hybrid mode the original game with the updated graphics swoon
Okay, so when you play the robot does he say get him my humans like that doesn't make sense. Why a robot what the hell?
Maybe it's like a Android or something
I don't know can't you still say get him my robots, and it's you know cuz what they did they shot out little electricity beams
And if you're made of metal, that's probably gonna hurt. I don't know that just seems a little bit shady to me
I don't know if I want this game anymore
You're gonna not buy this game based off the fact you could play as a robot
Yeah, and I could also just play it like on the Commodore 64 like it originally was but new game modes
so
All right, I'm totally buying it for the Wii. I'm looking forward to this game so much
Did they ever say if this is coming to the u.s.. For sure because I know this is coming to
Europe and I can see the box art has the Europe ratings on it, but did they ever say they confirm this for the u.s.
Oh, well, I know the same company is putting out elevator action, and that's coming to the u.s.. So we're probably it is
I hope so I hope so system 8 or whatever we should call them and get an interview
I'm gonna do that system 3 system 3 sorry
I don't know why I thought this is me system 3
I'm gonna call them try to get an interview and beg and plead for impossible mission like a sad little fanboy
Well
Speaking of a sad little fanboys, but nothing actually having to do with sad little fanboys
Um guess what is coming out to the Wii? Thanks to the Vendee?
we are getting Scarface and
Which is kind of funny because you know with the game that it being you're actually gonna be using
The nunchuck to walk to drive to walk around to pilot boats, and you shoot using the wiimote and
You even have a chainsaw for hand-to-hand combat, so you have to wiggle it around and all that
But um we're on the ps2 and Xbox ones you had to swear to increase your kill factor
You do it by making dirty gestures with your wiimote
The more you gesture the more your kill factor goes up hot sluts yes or no
I see nothing regarding hot sluts there are hot but the game good the guy will take place after the final
mansion shootout
Um OMG spoilers, oh come on the movies from 1983 Rob
It's basically he doesn't die and he has to re instead he has to reclaim his fortune wait
He dies at the end. Yes. He dies at the end of the movie. Oh great next thing
I know you're gonna. Tell me that like freakin Darth Vader's father Tony
You tell me like freakin you know the Titanic sinks in that movie
I mean, what else do you want to ruin for me while you're here?
I'm sorry I have to kick somebody out of chair room
Is somebody being bad, I don't know somebody's being punished. I told Nintendo maniac 64 not to use the
The what you're listening to shit in the chair really that stuff annoys yeah, so next next time is gonna be a ban
So regularly yep, I don't care who it is. We have rules for what if I'm listening to hot sluts porn I don't care
No one gives a shit about what anybody else is listening to he's supposed to be listening to the show
All right anyhow anything else on Scarface you want to add um
No all right anyways, there's speaking of game Nate kills Tony
Speaking of games on the Wii there is a trend that we're gonna start seeing much like we did yes where
Companies go hey, we're making games for the Wii too, and then you're like well. What games do you have and they're like well?
Yeah, they're they're awesome games. I'm sure you've heard of them anyways one such company is this company called Metro and
Yes Metro or I guess data design interactive they are putting out some
Any crappy games including such wonderful hits as
Action girls, and yes, they have every ethnicity on the front cover of that one
Ninja-bread man, which kind of looks funny dude Ninja bread man sounds awesome
Talking about crap games this sounds great monster trucks extreme trucks spell trux of course
And oh god. I can't even Jamie isn't that one of your favorite things ever when they purposefully missed like Bratz BRATZ
That's retarded. Oh, it's monster trucks extreme
Off-road edition because I guess the last game was on road
Not like is that related to Big Mother truck us. No. It's probably just a crappy game
Anubis 2
Rock and roll adventures
Hamster yeah, that's like rock and roll high school. I'm so there no. It's not a hamster heroes
How can you call these bad games hamster heroes that sounds amazing?
mini desktop racing
These will be the people to put out laser cats
Trixie in Toyland London taxi rush hour, and let's see what else we had it Billy the wizard
I can't even read what that said. It was I think it's like fucking Oh rocket broomstick racing and
Was mischief not mischief me sir, I don't know some stupid go-kart game this game sound incredible
Can you get us on some type of like if this is like a little bitty company?
We ought to be able to get on their press list get some advanced. I want to play hamster heroes data design interactive
Well, we could check out send them an email Loki get a touch with also tell them we will promote hamster heroes
You're on the program and ninja bread man. I like hamsters
But you know I I don't know if that games gonna be any good and who gives a shit
They're putting out chicken shoot on fucking you know the Wii so you know what I think it's
Only fair that they're allowed to put these games up just all you have to do
You monster trucks extreme at least better than monster 4x4 world circuit because that game was atrocious
Fireboma says rocket broomstick racing sounds like quidditch, but worse
To which somebody else had a follow-up speaking of spoilers because you're talking about spoilers in the last one
GS68 had a comment for Dark Sakura GS68 has figured out who will die in book 7
Harry and Nintendo maniac 64 so he posted that spoiler there in chat, okay?
and
Let's see well apparently there was a laser cats to on last night on
The old Saturday night live just me it was laser cats to remember it was always laser cats to maybe it was a rerun then
I don't know
Anyway, let's see what else was there
Fire Boma says rock and roll high school sounds like a porno
Solid goomba says hamsters are proof. God loves us now now the website
I agree to be fair the company data design interactive to be fair
They did put out earache extreme metal racing which apparently is a pretty cool game
I mean it mixes heavy metal with racing so these guys sound like
Modern-day genius says they know the types of games people want who doesn't want Ninja bread man. It's just I don't know
Please explain to me. How this could possibly be a bad thing
They're in the UK so I mean that's even better
Now Jamie's gonna want him to
We can talk no one can contact their projects director. The hamster thing just sounds dirty I
Want them on the show I will do whatever it takes
Anyhow um I?
Think this is interesting and this is one group that will not be playing
Any of these games on the Wii anytime soon? What's basically going on? Is that?
There's this
Christian group and they call themselves the porn talk which is backed by basically a faith-based ministry
They've started a website that basically says has this huge banner on it
And it says we have a porn problem porn safety facts for Nintendo's
Wii gaming console if you want to visit the site
it's the porn talk calm and actually I looked at the site earlier and
You know basically they're just trying to prevent children from seeing pornography like did you know that?
You know there could be pornography hidden away and all these things we need to keep kids away from porn
There could be porn in your Wii because the Wii has access to the internet therefore there is porn I
Would like to also point out to the geniuses behind the porn talk calm that the computers you use
That the computers you used to make the porn talk calm that you're urging your kids to go check out to keep them away from
Porn or what okay?
I guess they're really not doing that but you're urging
Parents to go check out to keep their kids away from porn that device can also be used to access porn
If your child has a cell phone that can be used to access or something funny to a dollar or what is it?
395 that can be used to access porn at your local
Is somebody fucking racing outside? That's why I don't like having the window open.
In your apartment complex.
Anyways, I gotta I gotta add this real quick. Yeah
Now imagine if you will they tell them yeah, go to that porn talk site
They'll teach you how to you know prevent you know seeing porn and stuff, okay?
They don't remember what the website name was so they search for porn talk boom porn there you go
they've been they've been uh
The porn beat them to the website, so I don't know they're bragging on their site that porn
Talk won best in show at the Addy Awards and all this. What the fuck's the Addy Award?
I don't know who cares. It's the award show where we invited just us and we won because we're awesome
We've been taking we've been talking about the Wii and Wi-Fi devices on the porn talk blog
We'd love to hear your thoughts and opinions on this issue and your suggestions on dealing with devices that come with internet capabilities
They should be banning PCs next then in a max, and you know
Your cell phone why don't you crawl into a cave?
I'm just looking at some interesting comments on the actual site itself. I figure there's these comments are posted publicly
There's no problem with me reading them on air correct
Ray said I'm all for talking to your kids about porn
But the porn talk calm goes a little overboard using filtering software on your 17 year old is a little outrageous
He or she will be in college the next year. Do you really want them so sheltered?
They'll go crazy not to mention the chances are your 17 year old will know a lot more about computers than you and will have
No problem getting any content. They want in related news. Ray is the olr not listener of the week
Common-sense people fucking use it
And you know there are ways to block the internet for your new children, I don't download the thing
There you go, but of course that would involve the parents being involved so
Yeah, that's not going to ever happen. That's never going to work
I mean come on gs68 makes an excellent point in chat gs68 over at chat dot orange launch radio com says women have boobs
Women are Gateway to porn
There you go. It's all women's fault. What do you think about that dark soccer? Oh, yes boobs
Oh, it's so all of our fault. You know and while they're at it
You know how about you know putting live birth on TV too because that you know that shows off the coochie
Or well don't they already have to show the miracle of life as part of like education and schools
Not if you live in Alabama
I was well that was a gateway to pornography the minute the minute I saw a baby flying out of that woman's vagina
I knew I never ever wanted to touch one
a health ed made you gay
Yeah, yeah sex education made me gay
I think I don't know anyway obviously stories about these you know crazy people who you know go oMG porn and have these you know
Hair trigger reaction to this kind of crap get us angry and when we get angry. It's time for our f us of the week
My F of the week goes towards people who say you're not so-and-so, so you don't know
Like you're not a parent. So you have no right to talk about children. Um
No, I'm intelligent. I have a brain. I'm observant. I've had little brothers as
A human being and as a woman who may one day give birth to children
Shiver not you just the baby flying out of your vagina I
Think that that completely discounts anything that you have to say when people start off with you don't know
Because you are not you know
That instantly removes all credibility from any argument that you might have by it because you're trying to immediately dismiss the other party
That doesn't put you in a superior position that puts you in a position of ignorance fucking shut your mouth
I'm done
Loki um, I guess f you the apartment complex for not actually having lines in the parking lot
So everyone has to kind of guess to where the cars are supposed to be
So that kind of sucks and have have you noticed that none of these blogs that point out, you know
The porn on the psp and porn on the we and stuff. Nobody's talking about the PlayStation 3
At all one owns a PlayStation 3
Exactly. So more porn for me and in high definition. So hell yeah
The Rob D in chat says I like how sky takes it sound like vaginas or rocket launchers in a way they kind of are
Right, Jamie
No
All right. Anyhow
My F you at the week goes to lack of sleep because I swear like every night this week
I got maybe four hours of sleep at the most of court granted. That's my own damn ball
I know it's the go to bed early Rob. Well, you know, there's Beth. There's there's such good TV on at 2 in the morning
What can I say? No, you know for circumstance, so I was just exhausted yesterday when Jamie and I were running around San Francisco yesterday
I was so tired. I thought I was gonna pass out
I slept for 11 hours last night, but I feel I feel pretty good today if a big groggy from oversleeping
so if you do lack of sleep and
And that's it rice princess left blank lanky style left
So we're the only ones in studio. So back to the gaming news then since there's no more F use of the week
Actually, I have one more F you of the week what I lied
Apparently, you know this fucking article. Okay?
alright, um
One of the major British driving schools BSM, which I immediately misread as BDSM
Took a survey. I misread it as BM and thought you
Took a survey of a thousand drivers between the ages of 16 to 24
About video games how it's affecting their driving habits and the results stated
27% admitted to taking more risks on the road after playing a racing game
And of course saying they pretend they're actually in a video game when they drive
They're saying that that's a an indisputable link between gaming and dangerous driving
Um
What they're not really paying attention to is that
If they're interviewing people between the ages of 16 and 24 chances are that your audience is not going to be very fucking mature
and
Not going to have the skill to know about you know
how to drive properly
It's you're dying to say something over there Loki they feel the mention is all those people that said they drive recklessly women
Of course then again. I mean I can't imagine too many of them actually twenty foot seven percent. Yeah, that sounds about right
I don't know
It doesn't matter anyways if even if they weren't playing video games. It's still be crashing this shit
I swear to God people talking on their cell phone drifting in and out of lanes Oh
Okay, the funniest thing happened to me today. I bought food. Oh my god
Meanwhile people are dying and just like totally oblivious to the fuck. How did I end up in this river?
They've totally jumped out in front of me. It's like I
think anything
that
Has an effect on
Your react like if you have a predisposition toward anger or
Nervousness you're that's what's gonna. I think more effect. How you drive
Not so much the game. I mean
That's just that's really I mean even when I was a new driver
You know playing hard driving didn't make me want to go out and do a loop the loop on the road
But then again hard driving you were driving super damn slow at least it felt slow in the game
It's not playing a driving video game that makes you want to drive fast
It's the fucking Wangan midnight maximum tune to soundtrack that makes me want to drive fast
Try and catch me now fucking coppers
exactly in the beat to be a little bit serious there I
Would think of anything playing video games would help you drive better because you're actually gonna have a faster reaction time
You know from games. They've actually helped you improve your reaction time a little bit. I would think so
Whatever it's a fucking survey survey suck
Survey says you say
So funny you shouldn't be playing
You know that kind of music, but uh Yuzo kashiro is gonna be DJing play
Actually the concert in June
They're going to be he's going to be DJing. I believe it's the concert in Japan. I know in
Singapore I better start driving to Singapore
Yes Rob drive to Singapore
Through the ocean that'll be awesome. I'll drive so fast. I'll float on the water come on
Right or maybe you'll just fart so hard you
Float over the water
But I thought that was pretty cool
And you know he's done such music from like you know streets of rage revenge of shinobi Actraiser
Castlevania portrait ruin
lots of stuff so
Gonna be spinning some tracks too bad. He's not coming over here. Just in Singapore ah
Bandit is my new best friend in chat if Sonic can do it. Why can't sky. Thank you very much
Sonic is a fictional blue hedgehog. I don't think hedgehogs move that fast anyways
You're just pokey I
Think it was irony or something
And hamster heroes is there a really is there a hamster that runs real fast
I think there's one that looks like Batman scary. Oh my god. This is the best game ever
Fucking hamsters have you ever had a hamster? Do you know I mean they in in grade school?
I just remember whenever like you go in the classroom that has a hamster
It smells like poop and they poop out pellets, which I always thought was amazing
Let me tell you a story about hamsters real quick. Hey hamsters are retarded. They're pretty real
The reason you would own a hamster is to watch how retarded it is I had a hamster
We named him Sam because it was squeaks and moves. That's you know basically what stood for that's so creative anyways
So the hamster would spend hours
Doing this it would climb up the side of cage climb upside down
Fallen's head climb upside and just keep doing that over and over and over again. Well. You know why the hamster was so crazy
Oh
I'll let the joke go now. Thank you anyways, but yeah one funny thing about hamsters
Oh, they actually throw their poop like footballs out of their cage
This is the Wii game
I want they sit there their feet fucking up in the air pull the poop out of their ass and they throw it
It is the weirdest thing to see but you guys don't understand why I'm laughing so hard
Because thank God, this is a TV
But Loki actually put his feet up in the air
And reached
Rob's all red in the face of a horrible oh
My god. We need a TV show just for moments like that. We do
we
Have a hamster on the TV show, but a cape on maybe that should be our new mascot is a hamster
They have a little bit about you too, so it's not worth it and every single one of them dies from cancer, so
not even worried
Not even worth it of course all the chat rooms shouting hamster dance hamster dance
This is something that will make you dance the news that Raiden 4 is coming to the Xbox 360
Also, we're getting a localized version of Raiden 3 on the PlayStation 2, and that's coming from UFO interactive
And let's see that's coming out for $30 and that by the way originally showed up in Japan in September of 2005
So it's like one of those hey, it's about freaking time. We got that over here
It was supposed to come out last year around August as well
But then company it's which company excess game dropped it so yeah, whatever anyhow
I should be noted though that Raiden 4 is coming out on Xbox 360 for those of you unfamiliar with the franchise
It's just one of those shooter games that you know a lot of people love so
There you go. I'm sure it's gonna be very pretty on the Xbox 360. I'm very excited about that
It is a it should be noted. It's a retail game not an Xbox Live arcade game, so that
Should tell you what you know they're going for here with that game should be fun
Well something that's not quite so fun. Though is that for everybody who is on the Metal Gear online?
All five of you. Hey
The the Metal Gear Solid 3 subsistence online servers
Is a going bye-bye it as of April 2nd. It will be gone
The community is not big enough
Community is not big enough now the user community for the game those who loyal to it are putting up internet petitions
To try to keep it up, but it's in the category of not fucking lightly
Sorry
Good luck if it works petitions don't usually magically fix everything
But I know that's got to suck to get the plug pulled music game fans got amplitudes plug pulled on them a couple
But but again an amplitude came out like five years ago, Metal Gear substance three subs
Subsistence I can ever buy your go. Yeah, it's not that old is in March subsistence
I got it subsistence yeah, and to be honest it
Just didn't sell that well and how many people use the online and this is what you get when you have you know fucking networks
That run by each individual company so one centralized network like live
People start pulling servers because why bother paying for a server that you know no one's playing on so
whatever
But anyways so speaking of games that I think people are not really playing Phantasy Star Universe
Oh, no, there's one girl on my friends list
That's always freaking playing Phantasy Star Universe that game has dropped down to 20 bucks now seriously
It's not a bad game because the single-player mode is kind of fun, and you know it's like I see the online mode
It's like a kind of free enhancement to it. It's not that bad. No, but it wasn't the magic didn't last long yeah
um well Phantasy Star Universe is getting an expansion of the it's called the ambition of illuminus and
There's going to be some pretty cool stuff as well. I think this has already come out in Japan
But they're going to be getting some new weapon types
including some photon whips and slicers new stages even a casino and
and um apparently the casino is run by penguin esque wrappies. Maybe I should go back to psu
That sounds neat. I like penguins. I like wrappies
Your wrappies no if you if you've done the wrappy holiday quest you will never like wrappies again
Which I believe is still going in the Phantasy star online or the old PSL
I believe the Christmas quest is still going on the Xbox one as it has been for the past not 360
But the rage it was going on blue burst for like six months. Yeah, seriously. Oh geez that's awesome
They're all oh crap. We still have that game
Hmm and for anyone who'd like to know I uh quit psu last week
Congratulations. Yeah, this that goes to show just what my opinion of psu is so
I've been playing world of warcraft, and I'm trying to get Jamie to join our
Excuse me our little guild. We've got going on Ravencrest, so I think I talked her into it
How about when I have time and when someone gets me burning crusade?
All right, how about we take a break?
We're gonna go to a breaks a break and when we come back. We'll have more of orange lounge radio more
Hilarious things coming out of Loki's mouth and other orifices probably
In the next part part B because we have a lot of 360 news we haven't gotten to yet
So we'll see you back in a little bit for orange lounge radio part B
Orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the world twice a week
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's orange lounge radio
