Tonight, March 25th, 2007, Black Xbox 360s turn out to be real, Devil May Cry 4 is no longer an exclusive, and an old 80s arcade classic comes to Blu-ray.
Orange Lounge Radio Hello everybody out there and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game podcast dedicated...
TechMasterLoki
DarkSakura
I was all excited, too, because I saw a Doctor Who pinball machine this weekend, which I'll get into a little bit.
No, but seriously, I was like, oh my gosh, this is like, this is Jamie times two.
These are like two of her loves rolled up into one.
Like, sort of like what I thought of, like, Loki, I've had this thought about you before.
The first time I ever went to that restaurant in the Bay Area that serves the slabs of meat, and they served the chicken wrapped in bacon.
That made me think of you, because I was like, it's two of Loki's loves.
I might add the chicken wrapped in bacon wasn't that great when I had it, so.
Sorry to hear that.
All right, well, we do have a female perspective on tonight's program.
You know, not that we really need one, but we have one anyway.
Just teasing to all the ladies out there listening.
Say hello to Rice Princess.
Hello, everyone.
How are you doing, Miss Rice Princess?
I'm doing well.
How about you, Rob?
Oh, pretty good.
It's been an interesting week.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree.
It has.
So you were talking about movies before we came in tonight.
What did you see this week?
I saw Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Now how was it?
Because I read a review in some magazine that said it was absolute crap.
Well, that magazine's absolute crap because it was so fucking awesome.
Like, it was fucking epic.
It was great.
Was it better than the old school ones from like the 90s with the ninja rap?
They're two different things.
That's apples and oranges.
I just, I loved it and I love the old movies too.
Chime in, Matt.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But I swear, go see it.
It's fucking awesome.
And the reason why, they did make... It does tie in with the other three movies.
And they do make some changes to the storyline.
It basically takes place after everything.
And so April O'Neil's not a reporter anymore.
And Casey Jones isn't exactly like he was in the other movies.
But that's fine.
You kind of forgive that when you see it.
It's just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It was very satisfying, and I really suggest just ignore the negative reviews out there for it, because it really is good, and I cannot wait for the sequel.
Are you on somebody's payola, like New Line's payola?
I'm not.
I'm not on anybody's payroll for this kind of stuff.
It was awesome, and yeah, I would love to see it again.
It really, there's a lot of parts that even have, you know, I was telling Irene about one scene towards the end of the movie or something, which has to do with my Cage Man song, by the way.
Yeah.
That it's just when that scene kicked in, it was like, fuck, yeah, that's awesome.
So highly, highly recommend this movie, especially if you're a fan of, you know, the original Ninja Turtles movie.
Maybe not so much number two and definitely not three.
But, you know, even the old series and stuff, it really works.
And it sounds like that this is going to be something that kind of jump starts the whole movie series all over again.
I'm looking at our chat room, the always present fourth guest on our show, because, you know, part of what makes this show so unique, shall we say, is that we always encourage the live interaction with our chat room and the phone calls, which we'll take later.
Chat.OrangeLawnRadio.com if you want to join in, if you're listening live on this Sunday night.
Let's see, we have...
Blaze from the OL Army says, TMNT was fucking amazing.
Joshi16 says, one of the turtles is gay.
Is there a gay turtle now?
There's not a gay turtle in there.
Not at all.
Okay.
Let's see.
WonderDogHerald says, are they really still teenagers at this point?
Okay, well, maybe not.
Yeah, because they're pretty old by now.
But I was kind of thinking, well, maybe teenage for, like, turtles.
I don't know how long turtles live, but, you know.
Yeah, I've never done that.
Maybe it's, like, dog ears or something like that.
No, so I don't know.
Well, I mean, not to, I don't think this is spoiling anything, but they've all like kind of, I guess, taken on like responsibilities or have like moved on past like how they used to live before.
So I guess it's kind of showing that they've like grown up a little bit, but I don't know.
They still, I guess their mentality is still kind of like a teenage mentality.
There was a lot of adult humor in it, which is great.
Like a lot of funny stuff.
It was just awesome.
I mean,
I mean, if anyone's going to see it, obviously it doesn't have to do a shredder anymore.
This is kind of after all that.
They defeated them.
The Foot Clan's kind of been disbanded a little bit, or at least they've gone underground.
And then it's kind of what they've done since then that kind of went on with their lives is because now they don't have to really protect New York from anything.
They're just kind of living.
So now they have to kind of come together and, you know,
It was really awesome.
Even the opening scene where they're showing kind of that flashback with the battle and stuff, that was awesome.
That was great.
Right now I was like, oh my god, this movie's going to be cool.
It never let you down at all.
There was a little bit of humor from the show because they were kind of, you know, Michelangelo of course is still goofy and stuff, but it wasn't detracting and it fit.
It fit with the characters and
I'm just really glad they kind of respected the actual characters and didn't make it so...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I know, I know, like I'm all, did like some Chinese dude like those boys?
No, he sounded Jewish.
Really?
You think so?
I'm like, wow.
Oh my god, Turtles.
I know, seriously, it was kind of weird.
Well, alright, we could talk movies all night.
Did any of you guys play the games yet?
The new Turtles games?
I played the old one on Netflix.
That and like the movie did kind of suck.
Alright, well let's get into a little bit of how was your gaming week where we talk about the video games that we've been playing this week here on the program.
Rice Princess, what have you been playing?
Um...
I have actually not played anything.
This week, like I said before, I canceled my WoW account for the time being.
Ouch.
So I kind of have been not doing, I've been like doing stuff around the house.
Did you watch anyone play something that looked cool that you wanted to have?
Oh, no, you know what I played?
I played DDR.
Did you?
In the arcade.
There you go, there's something.
Yeah, so the first time in like two years.
It was awesome.
It was Supernova, Extreme.
I played Supernova and I played a little bit of, whatever is that golf line?
Yeah.
Earth Defense Force 2017
It is awesome.
It is so stupid and so ridiculous, and the voice acting is so horrible, but it's so fun to play.
It's just, basically, at least... I know nothing about this game.
What is this?
It is basically these aliens come and start attacking Earth, and it is so B-movie cheesy and stuff.
I mean, for example... Like, destroy all humans?
Not exactly.
Like, we're talking, like, robots and giant ants.
I mean, that's giant ants.
That's what you're fighting for the first few levels is giant ants.
and it works.
Well, in Final Fantasy you fight giant slimes to level up.
Okay, but still though, I mean, it's giant ants and the voice acting is so horrible.
Like, for example, they're all, look, it's flying, or look at those alien spaceships.
It's like something out of the science fiction movie.
Not a science fiction movie, the science fiction movie.
Like the one and only that's ever been made.
And so, um...
I don't know, it's just, I can't stop playing.
Basically, you have, you can collect up to 200 weapons in this game.
And by replaying the levels over and over, you can level up your characters or whatever, get your stamina higher.
And you can actually, you can play it through five different difficulty levels.
I've been playing it through, like, Normal and Easy, and even Normal's starting to get hard now.
I've been playing it on Hard, which is not even all the way up to, like, they have, like, Extreme and Inferno or something.
Hard is fucking impossible, so Inferno's gotta be...
Oh my god.
But it's pretty fun, though.
It's two-player co-op, which is kind of cool, split-screen.
So I'm really looking forward to playing that at work.
But it's just so cheesy, though.
It's really worth picking up.
The achievements are not easy in it.
It's basically beating the game on each difficulty and unlocking every single weapon.
That's your achievements.
Six achievements for 1,000 points.
But it's one of those games, though, you have infinite ammo.
and you have some weird weapons that are in the game.
In fact, there's one missile that I unlocked in the very beginning.
It's a piece of shit.
It's the slowest moving missile I've ever seen.
I mean, the thing is going, like, less than five miles an hour.
It's just crawling across the air and doesn't hardly do any damage.
But it's fun because you can pick, you know, one of two weapons to use throughout the whole game.
So you just select your weapons, play your mission, and that's it.
And the best part about it, though, you can blow up everything.
Buildings, doesn't matter.
No one gives a crap because...
You're saving the Earth.
So what do I do?
I just start launching random missiles into every single skyscraper I see and watching them all fall.
And it's entertaining because they're there at the next level because there's no continuity whatsoever.
See, that's awesome.
So do you recommend the game?
I highly recommend the game.
Let me tell you.
The frame rate's crap, the graphics suck, the sound is awful, and the voice acting's horrible.
And the AI is pretty retarded as well.
So are you saying it's so bad it's good?
It is.
It's the showgirls of video games?
It's so bad, but that's the thing.
You've got to play it realizing that it's going to suck in these areas.
And to be honest, the graphics don't need to be that great.
It's like an old arcade game.
I mean, old arcade games, there's not that many polygons and stuff, but it works.
It's just fun to play.
It may look like crap.
It may be very fucking hard at times.
The AI can be dumb, because I saw some soldier or whatever that was... I was trying to find these people, so they would join me and help kill the alien ants.
And this guy was shooting a shotgun into a building, because he was stupid and couldn't figure out how to get around the building.
So... That's awesome.
I don't know.
It's just... It's funny, but it's still a lot of fun to play.
It just...
It does not stop getting fun.
So really highly recommend this game.
It's only like $40 for the 360, so definitely worth picking up.
Even if you can find it used, that's even better.
So I recommend it.
It's a lot of fun.
Definitely a lot better than from what I've heard for Armored Core 4.
And other than that, I played Crackdown a little bit.
That's about it, though.
I haven't really... I've been just trying to get the last few achievements and stuff.
Kind of getting a little bored of the game, because now that you're at the end of the game and stuff, there's not much to do.
Oh, and Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories, we've been playing that.
At work, we put custom firmwares in all of our PSPs now, so we're all playing it overclocked, which is fun.
It actually looks a lot nicer.
We have a guy that's working this... Actually, he's a pretty famous cheat designer for the Vice City Stories, DurkaDurkaman.
He's working on a multiplayer code to switch out some of the weapons and get some different stuff.
So hopefully that'll happen, and I am so looking forward to this week when the Grand Theft Auto 4 trailer hits on Friday.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Only been playing two things.
World of Warcraft.
I made my alternate character.
His name is Agathon and his pet is named Helo.
Oh my gosh, that's awesome.
Because I'm a big Battlestar nerd now because it's so good.
It is so good.
It's the best and Helo's hot.
And then other than that, finally at work.
Thanks for being at a developer place.
I've been playing a lot of Boom Boom Rocket, and it's the best game I've ever played in my life called Boom Boom Rocket.
And it's pretty, and I love it.
I'm not sure how to take that.
It's the best game you've ever played in your life called that.
I could say Big Mother Truckers was the best game I ever played in my life named Big Mother Truckers.
That's a lie, because it wasn't a good game at all.
But Boom Boom Rocket, you know, if I didn't have a 360, would sell me on a 360 because it's really just that much fun.
What the hell is it?
Because I still don't know that much about it.
It's like... Are you allowed to tell us what's... I won't mention specifics.
I don't know.
It's not our game.
I don't care.
All right.
It's a music game with fireworks, so it's like Fantavision meets DDR with a touch of Beatmania, because the fireworks, you know, they make noise for Beatmania, and if you hit arrows when you're not supposed to, it penalizes you like Beatmania does as well, so you can't just mess around, but the track list is not stellar, but it gets the job done, and
If you like Fantavision and you like pretty things, it's really, really fun.
Lots of explosions.
High def, good stuff.
Yeah, oh my goodness.
I don't know, I must have played that a lot this week.
I got all the achievements.
They're all really easy, especially if you play music games.
And it's just a whole lot of fun.
I don't know, it almost convinced somebody at work to get a 360 too, because he was really enjoying it.
Interesting, so the music game fans will be all over this.
Maybe, it depends on if you care about the quality of music you're playing the game to.
Alpha Canogram says it sounds like every Xtend Extra.
No, because this game's good.
I liked every extent extra, whatever.
No, every extent extra.
Music was a part of it, kind of like Rez, but Rez wasn't really a music game.
It's just that music was an important element.
That's what every extent extra is like.
This is a rhythm game.
It's not a game where you blow something up to cause chain reactions.
Every time you hit one of those arrows, fireworks explosions happen.
So, I mean, it's like DDR once you hit 100 combo.
You get a little flashy explosions.
But there's timing issues with the game, too, and I don't think they'll be fixed before.
I'm pretty sure what I was playing is the release candidate.
I just need it to come out now really bad.
That's it.
We'll see what happens.
My gaming week, interestingly enough, I don't know if you were listening last week, but I mentioned I was going to be going on vacation for a little while.
So I have been on vacation the past four days.
In the middle of nowhere, I was up in the Mendocino, Fort Bragg, coastal area, Northern California.
No internet, no phones, no games, really nothing.
So it's just nice to have a break away from everything.
And I'll get into kind of what effect that's going to have on tonight's show in just a minute.
But yeah, so I just took a break.
But before I left, I did get to sneak in a little bit of Castlevania Symphony of the Night on Xbox Live.
Oh, man.
Oh, my heck, it is awesome.
It's so great.
I mean, just the fact that, I mean...
XBOX LIVE ARCADE
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Didn't you mention something about no loading times or anything?
Oh yeah, there's no loading times.
You don't have to wait for anything.
They kept all the voice acting intact.
It's great.
I mean, I definitely recommend, especially if you've never played it before.
Oh my gosh.
It's got a lot of hours that you can put into the game if you've never played it before.
There's no excuse to have never played that game before.
Like, I don't care.
I'm looking in chatroom.
Blaze says, Sky was a hippie for four days, basically.
Yeah, basically.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But I'll give you my full thoughts on that next week.
Because it doesn't seem bad, but it doesn't seem as great as Tetris DS either.
And those are just my initial five minute thoughts.
But I'll look at it more in depth later.
They have like videos playing in the background.
The HD videos look pretty hot.
But what's kind of interesting though is they also had, you can cheat in it just like you can with the Tetris DS.
You can rotate blocks or whatever and then you can actually basically kind of hover them there forever until you decide where you want to put them.
That's pretty sweet.
I'll give you more thoughts on that next week here on the program.
Obviously the live element is an important part of our show.
We don't want it to go anywhere, so we suggest you guys all check this out.
I know our buddy Travis Donovan went into detail on this on his program on Saturday night.
I haven't had a chance to listen to it yet, so if you want to go check him out on iTunes under Travis Donovan, you can check out what he has to say on it.
We don't know what we're going to do about this yet.
We understand it has changed some rules already on Life 365, which may be kind of a pain in the butt to listen to us on Life 365.
Long story short, we don't play enough...
and DarkSakura.com.
Worst case scenario, if the rates of Live 365 had to go through the roof, we might have to go a couple weeks with no live element, but we would find a new home, set up something on Shoutcast, I don't know.
But seeing as Orange Dawn Radio is a bit of a network now, because we have some other great shows like STFU on Thursdays and Travis Donovan on Saturdays, we don't want to lose any of those other shows that we've built up over time.
So more to come on that when we have some time to kind of sit down and
Take this all in, what's going on with us.
Because again, I'm just getting back and hitting all this news.
And I want to check out what the rest of our staff has to say about it.
So we'll see.
Travis Donovan is in chat and says, urges folks to visit Life35.com slash choice and says, you all need to contact your local congressperson and let them know they need to level the playing field again.
Over the air radio does not pay royalty rates, but internet and satellite radio must.
Doesn't sound very fair to me.
and it's going to hurt the little guys like us and other great live 365 and just internet radio stations in general.
So that kind of sucks.
So we'll have more info on that next week.
We'll see.
DarkSakura.com
PlayStation 3 finally came out for you.
That time has finally come.
You can finally buy your overpriced gaming machine.
And there were some interesting stories coming out about that.
Of course, one that pretty much sums everything up.
Phil Harrison basically was saying that Europe is the most important continent for the gaming industry.
Which is funny because it was also the last one to get the PlayStation 3.
But apparently the third is also the most important
And he was told, you know, this gameindustry.biz, big industry site, it's got the most countries and it's got the most people.
It's also got the most cultures.
The fact that we've got the launch here with more consoles shipped on day one than we've ever had in our history is a compliment to the most important market of the world, the European market.
I don't know, that sounds a lot of sucking up to me if you ask me, especially since...
and DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They would have done things a little differently, correct?
But oh wait, it doesn't stop there.
To prove that point, they even went out of their way to give out free TVs to the first 100 people purchasing the PlayStation 3 at their London launch event.
Free 46-inch HD TVs and a free taxi ride home with those.
Jesus, that's not a bad deal.
Where's my damn TV?
I want to know...
Wait, wait, the 100 people that sat out in line, like it's incentive to wait in the cold or whatever?
Yeah.
Huh.
So, you know, in the U.S., you know, you have to wait two days to get... And dodge bullets.
Yeah, dodge bullets and stuff.
Maybe have to race and slam into a pole and get sent to the hospital in a coma.
Exactly.
And then in the U.K., you get free TVs to go with your gaming systems and stuff.
Yeah, Raven's Dolphin in chat says, we get shot, they get TVs.
What the fuck?
That's a big PR.
Is that just because British people are nicer?
Or what is that?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Is that to encourage people to actually go outside and wait in line or what?
Well, they didn't know that this was going to happen.
This was just something that they did.
I mean, if they said, hey, by the way, we're going to give away free 46-inch TVs, everyone would have been there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
for the media to photograph so they can go, hey, look how popular the PS3 is in Europe even though they had to wait six months for it.
Here's the thing, though.
If they did something like that, they'd be like, yeah, but it's only because you're giving away free TVs.
I mean, it's not because of the PlayStation 3 and they would have just spun it that way.
I think this is just kissing ass.
It's a whole lot of kissing ass.
It's like, please don't be mad at us that we waited so long and you have to pay more for a system that actually does less.
Please don't be mad.
Fire games.
Joshi16 says, Sony was eating crayons.
They weren't eating crayons, they were just kissing ass, that's all it was.
Now, GS68 says it doesn't free stuff bundles with something up the price, but you're saying these are absolutely free TVs that they gave away to the first... Absolutely free.
At, like, one particular London store?
I think so, it was where they were doing their launch event, where the Sony president would be handing out the first PS3 type thing, you know, something like that, so...
Sony withheld the release of the PlayStation 3 in order to build up stock levels for the launch.
A situation where the Xbox 360 was terrible and the Wii doesn't even hit the sides when it comes in.
It says, I think this is a very good move on Sony's part.
It won't have that negativity of not being able to supply enough units.
So that's good that they're able to supply enough units.
I don't know if that's really an issue, though.
I mean, I think the demand's just less for it.
Cool.
Cool that they have enough units out there.
Unfortunately, though, and it kind of gets into that whole demand thing, outside of the launch event, it wasn't so pretty for Sony.
In fact, there was a few situations where you only had a few people lining up for the system, and no one cared.
For example, Virgin Megastore, they had some campers outside, but it was really only about three or so people that were waiting in line for the system.
and a lot of other stores you know there were some situations where they're breaking street in Italy and stuff like that and there's also stuff where people were just not coming in pre-ordering or even buying the system at all so a lot of people said who cares at this point I don't know so it's kind of negative a little bit what do you think made the UK folks not want to line up for it do you think it was because of what happened over here do you think maybe they just don't
Get Excited Like This
And I think it's a little bit what Shane said, maybe not so harsh.
It's not a lot of games out there right now.
Not a lot of exclusive stuff that's really, you know, must-have.
I mean, it's really one of those systems that, okay, maybe it's better off to wait.
When the price comes down a little bit and there's more of a library.
Also, they were kind of getting shafted for a while.
A lot of people that were waiting, you know, the six months or whatever.
Not six months.
4 months, 3 months, you know, to get the system, probably like say, hey, you know what, maybe 360 is a little bit better, maybe I should just pick this up now, because I can get it now, and there's a big library of games out there, or get the Wii, and then just, making them wait for a while, if they're really itching to get, you know, their grasp of the new game systems, they're just going to go someplace else and get something that's out now.
So, I don't know, they're really having a hard time distinguishing themselves as why you need this system.
So that's one thing.
And UK wasn't the only problem with... They didn't have the only problems with launches.
Australia, the launch wasn't very great over there.
In fact, their launch event only drew about... I want to say like 40 people is what I was reading.
I had read that a lot of these launch events were getting cancelled because of the fear of gunshots and all the crap that happened here.
I didn't hear too many of that, but I know the ones that they were talking about in Australia...
They had about maybe 40 people show up, another 30 that were press, and it was pretty much like kind of, I don't know, just people weren't really excited about it.
I don't know if it's just because not a lot of people were pre-ordering them or just no one really wanted them.
Rice Princess, you had one comment earlier but got cut off.
What did you want to say about all this?
I was just going to say they're all busy playing Wii Bowling.
They're too busy to go stand out in line and wait for a Sony because they're all busy playing Wii Bowling.
Because they're playing Wii Bowling.
Okay, I got you.
Would you have camped out for this?
No.
Why not?
Let's say you had the money.
Let's say you had 600 euros, dollars, whatever right now.
Would you go camp out?
No, because I probably already have a Wii, and I don't have a desire to have a PS3.
I'd be spending my time on the Wii.
I got a question for you.
You've been very vocal about your hate for Xbox on this show previously.
Would you buy an Xbox at this point before a PlayStation 3, Xbox 360?
If I had... Okay, in terms of if I had to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, I like the 360.
I seem to recall, though, on this program, you were very excited about the Wii.
I was.
So when did this change in heart happen?
Well, it was when Nintendo decided that they were too good to release games anymore.
And I don't want to play crappy games, and that's all they've been giving us lately.
You do this all the time, though, to be fair.
I distinctly remember you sold your Xbox 360 back for the same reason.
How many PS2s have I had?
When Final Fantasy XI came out, you bought a new one eventually because you were like,
Ooh, I have to be a Corsair because they're pretty.
I mean, have you sold your Wii back at this point?
No, but my Wii has been broken since I got it, and I have my little return sticker for Nintendo.
I need to call and get a new one, actually.
But I have no desire to send it back because, like, what am I going to play on it right now?
I've never finished Zelda.
I mean, seriously, you can sell it.
They're going for a lot of money right now because they can't find them and people want them.
So if you don't want yours, might as well sell it.
But at the end of the year, you're going to get your Mario Galaxy, your Metroid.
You're going to want one anyway.
I have no desire for Mario Galaxy, thanks to Sunshine.
But Metroid, yeah.
Smash Bros., yeah.
Maybe they'll have another color by then.
I'm a color whore anyway.
That's true.
I want something you'll talk about later.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Joshi16 says the exact same thing happened on the DS, don't act surprised Blaze says die Miklatov die
You can die too.
DarkTetsuya says, Miklatov's Wii's been broken, which Sakuramax follows right up with, Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
That's creepy, and so quit talking, please.
For the record, if you listened to last week's program, I was all excited about playing Cooking Mama this week.
I went to Toys R Us today to try to get it when I bought Tetris, because I had something to take back, so I had a credit there anyway.
And they told me it didn't come out until next week.
It came out last week.
They're retarded.
So Toys R Us lied to me.
Yeah, they have old information or their shipments didn't come in.
Bitch!
It was not something that was delayed.
It's been out there.
I've heard the game's been in crap reviews anyway.
I'm a little worried.
I saw a blockbuster yesterday, so I know it's out there.
I don't know.
Mama needs to fix her shipping dates.
That's what she needs to fix.
I'm like, I'm not even going to rent this.
No thank you.
Well, I'm going to buy it.
You know I'm going to buy it because I'm dumb.
Cookin' Mama on the Wii.
Oh my god, that looks so great, I want it.
But it's been getting negative reviews everywhere.
It looks great, but it controls like crap.
Why would you be excited for it?
Because you're a woman and you do that already.
But not on a DS.
It's a Wii.
On a Wii, stupid!
Or on a Wii, shut up.
It's really disappointing that it controls like crap, because I mean, I was hoping that it would be, it looked fun, and the DS one looked fun too, it's just,
Well, there were some control issues, and really, that frustrates the hell out of you.
More comments from chat.
I'm really relying on chat tonight, because I have not been reading the internet this week.
Zappy says, the original Cookie Mama got bad reviews, too.
Because it had control issues.
It has control issues.
Let's see.
Skylark makes a good point and says, luckily, Super Paper Mario comes out in a few weeks.
What?
You're booing Super Paper Mario, Mikotov?
The crap!
What's wrong with Super Paper Mario?
It looks great!
Um, I don't like it because it is a Paper Mario title, and I don't like Paper Mario games.
I know it's a frickin' platformer game, but I'm sick of platformers, and I hate everything.
So, there.
Wait, you heard about the Power Rangers game that's coming out?
Just kidding!
I gotcha.
Sucker!
Blaze wanted to point out Miklatov just won my love back.
LOL.
No one makes Power Ranger games anymore.
I don't know what he didn't say.
And GS68 says Cooking Milf.
Maybe that'll be the sequel.
Cooking Milf.
That's wrong.
Something else that's wrong is removing the emotion engine out of the PlayStation 3 to cut down costs.
Granted, okay, I will give them this.
It does now, they have with the new...
V1.6 firmware.
The original PlayStation 1 and PlayStation 2 games are emulated now with software emulation instead of hardware.
Of the 2,451 PlayStation 2 titles in the European region, only 1,782 titles work.
Which, to be honest though, that's a lot better than the 360.
That is a lot better than the 360.
Of course, you know, what does that really mean?
I mean, because that's a lot of titles, but maybe it's a lot of, you know, Barbie Horse Adventures type stuff.
I mean, really, how much of this stuff am I going to want to play?
And which games, you know, are working, not working, etc.
And I'm trying to remember here, I want to say of the list that they are saying that
weren't working.
I want to see Final Fantasy 7, Resident Evil 2, Ratchet and Clank, Metal Gear Solid 2.
Those are some of the PS1 games that weren't working.
And, um, let's see, uh, big name issue, or there was, um,
550 of the games that had noticeable issues, according to Sony.
Among the big-name titles like Metal Gear Solid, Tomb Raider 2 on the PlayStation 1, Final Fantasy X, Kingdom Hearts, SingStar, Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas on the PlayStation 2.
Those are all ones that didn't work?
Those are all ones that had noticeable issues.
Oh, lame.
Okay, to be fair, to be fair, though,
A thousand... You know, 1,700 titles for your system that are backwards compatible, a lot better than over 300, you know, for the 360, so... Yeah, I guess that's true.
I mean, they're working on it, so give them some credit.
That's a lot more than I was expecting to work with the system, so... They're doing something right, at least, but I still think it's kind of crappy that it's, you know, software emulation now.
Who cares, though?
I have one of the original PlayStation 3s, and it plays it on hardware emulation, so...
Who cares?
Pardon me for a minute.
I have a sidebar issue completely unrelated to take care of.
Why is it when I got up to sneak to go use the bathroom, the magic of radio, I can get up and leave and you don't even know?
But yet I noticed in chat I suddenly said, I'm Rob, I'm so flamey, blah, blah, blah.
Wow, Rob, you're amazing.
I'm going to let you take a guess who said that.
Yeah, it was probably Miklatov.
You're probably right.
They're pointing back and forth at each other.
You guys are jerks.
Hey, man.
Banned from the show forever.
Aw.
Wah, wah, wah.
It was funny, though.
So, with the PlayStation 1.6 firmware for the PlayStation 3, you got some other stuff.
Not just, you know, some backwards compatibility vehicle.
Wait, hold on.
I want to comment on the whole backwards compatibility thing.
Yeah.
It sucks.
That's all.
Yeah.
Well, here's the thing.
What else is there to say?
I don't know.
It's weird.
But at the same time, I do feel like, okay, if you're going to buy a PlayStation 3... You know, I called into All Games Radio very randomly on Tuesday or Wednesday, one of the days before I leave, to talk about this, and I kind of made a little joke.
Because, I don't know, they were doing something on there.
They were joking that the whole cast of OLR was at the Sony factory doing backwards compatibility.
Don't ask.
I don't remember what it was.
So I called in pretending to be at the Sony factory.
I made this little joke about...
If you're going to buy a PlayStation 3 to play all your old PlayStation 2 games, maybe you ought to save $400 and buy a PlayStation 2.
Right?
Fair?
Yeah.
So I don't know why.
at one point I do want to go well that kind of sucks you can't play all your old games but seeing as the system doesn't really upscale it yet like it was supposed to right they don't actually the software emulation will allow it to upscale so that is good but it's not that big a deal it's not that big a deal it's not going to suddenly make your games HD beautiful blah blah blah it's just going to be like a little bit smoother honestly ask yourself I mean really if you've got a Playstation 3
and you're really gearing to play some next-gen games.
Are you really playing PlayStation 1 games?
I'm not.
I have PlayStation 2 games.
I have a PlayStation 2 as well.
I don't touch the thing.
I don't play any of those games.
I'm playing new stuff.
If I really want to go back and play Kingdom Hearts 2 or whatever...
I'll play it on my PlayStation 2.
I mean... I mean, PlayStation 2s are still selling really well.
Exactly.
And they're sort of readily available out there.
I mean, and they're not that expensive and they'll probably drop in price again once we get down to Christmas time again.
So...
At the same time, though, I do get a little irritated when Xbox 360 talks about how they're going to abandon pretty much the old Xbox stuff come 2008.
I think we had a story on that last week.
And I know people go, well, just play it on your old Xbox, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But I don't know.
Sometimes I don't feel like cooking.
I only have so much room in my living room for so many game systems.
So it is kind of convenient sometimes to be able to do the backwards compatibility thing.
And it's a nice thing that they've added since, I think, was it?
Um, the PlayStation 2 was the first system to actually do that.
And it was a great selling point.
You know, all your PlayStation 1 games actually makes them run a little bit better.
Um, you can do better graphics or, you know, better load times.
So that was kind of cool.
Which I might add, PlayStation 1 load times, or PlayStation 3 load times kind of suck on certain games.
Ghetto.
Um, they should allow to all install the hard drive.
That'd be really nice.
But either way, um,
It's still, it's not, I would say though, 1700 games working for your system is a lot better than 300.
Okay, that's something that they've got.
But the Xbox did not have as big of a library as the PlayStation 2.
True.
Because they didn't have anything before Xbox.
True.
Microsoft didn't compete with PlayStation 1.
And really, I'm hoping that they do stick on, you know, they really concentrate on the backwards compatibility instead of just saying, ah, fuck it, you know, we got this made to work, so.
That's it.
We're done.
Good enough.
SSJ100Matt says, It's funny that Microsoft killed the Xbox One right away, and PlayStation 1 and PlayStation 2 are still around.
I don't know so much about PlayStation 1, but certainly PlayStation 2's still got quite a bit of life, it seems, left in it.
I don't know if God of War 2 is like its last gasp of air or if that's going to be the last big game.
That may be the last Sony game, but they're still making games throughout the year.
They're coming out for the PlayStation 2.
And I'm sure we'll get Sudoku Master for years to come on PlayStation 2.
I played a lot of Sudoku.
When you don't have a PSP or a DS, it's all about Sudoku.
It's cheap to develop for.
That's what it is.
It's the one system that has...
and so on.
and so on.
Let me quickly go to another sidebar comment, then we get back into the news here.
The comments in the chatroom, this is an interesting conversation.
Jvmon says, if you have a PlayStation 3, why the hell are you still playing Final Fantasy VII?
And then ShadowNextGen says, Jvmon, Final Fantasy VII is a classic that I will always play.
and then moving on let's see JV Mon says then play it on your PlayStation 2 and Hippolytus says this he says I for example never owned a PlayStation I think he means PS1 but now that I have a PlayStation 2 I can play PlayStation 1 games but that begs the comment how many people do you know that's actually you're going to go get a PlayStation 3 who never had a PlayStation 2
But I do know of one person.
I do have a friend who's considering getting a PlayStation 3 and he never had a PlayStation 2 or a PlayStation 1.
He's thinking about getting it because he can play all the backwards compatible stuff.
In this country, you still can.
If this is a big concern for them, I would recommend that they do.
And this is going to be a different SKU or slightly different item, not item number, like, you know, their Sony item numbers or whatever.
Either way, you're going to be able to look on the box and tell which version of the PlayStation 3 this is.
The one that has...
and DarkSakura.com
But the thing is that it's going to come at a cost.
You're not going to have that chip on there, and they've already said they're going to take it out for the U.S.
ones.
So if it's a real big deal for you, maybe spend the extra money.
I mean, it's either that or you're going to spend another $99 on a PlayStation 2.
So pick your poison.
I mean, this way you get a larger hard drive with it at the same time.
You can buy a more expensive system or something.
I don't know.
Anyways, so back to the PlayStation 3 1.6 firmware that's out there.
Finally, they've added background downloading, something that they should have had from the beginning because this thing downloads, like, fucking slow.
Well, to be fair, 360 didn't have it at first either.
Exactly.
It badly needed it, too.
But I would have hoped that since, you know, the PlayStation 3 came out a year later that they would kind of learn from it.
I'll give you that.
Learn from their mistakes, so...
Either way, so now it does work and it is confirmed that it will work while you're watching a Blu-ray movie or playing an offline game, non-online game, just like basically the same rules as a 360, so that's kind of cool.
Another thing, well, and also kind of another thing, why would you really need background downloading?
Because there's not a lot to download on the store right now.
So, anyways.
Another thing that does add, and this is kind of neat, is that folding at home
That basically the kind of program that runs in the background to help crunch numbers to figure out how to come up with cures for diseases and whatnot.
Interesting enough, this was released this week, the firmware update, and already the PlayStation 3 is processing a lot more numbers than anything else.
In fact, even more than most of the Windows PCs out there.
Right now they are currently doing 251 teraflops, which is $100 trillion more than... They were saying that the PlayStation 3 machines are delivering over 251 trillion floating point operations per second.
$100 trillion more than 10 times the number of active PC CPUs.
Is this folding at home thing, and forgive my ignorance a little bit because I don't have a PlayStation 3, so I'm not really following this very much, but is this something that you automatically kind of stealth installs in your PlayStation 3 and just runs without you knowing it?
I think you have to download this, or it's basically a, I'm not sure if it's included with the update.
If it is included with the update, it's a program you have to run.
It runs almost like a screensaver, and it will crunch numbers automatically.
But yeah, for a PC, you would have to elect to download this and kind of seek it out, right?
Yes, but the thing is, though, you have to run it in order for it to actually run.
It's not something that will run automatically.
Kind of like distributed net, because I used to run that back in college.
It's like that.
It's basically like the old SETI at home, stuff like that.
A little cow icon.
Except now, instead of searching for extraterrestrial life, because I guess they gave up on that.
Instead of that, they're looking to, you know, cure cancer.
Because I can't wait for the press release when one of these PlayStation 3s happens to crunch the magical number to cure cancer.
Sony cures cancer.
I mean, I can see that PR right now.
Joshi16 in chat says, Cure cancer, 1,000 gamer points, and a home trophy.
There you go.
Yeah, I want the cure cancer trophy.
Anyways...
Onto a completely different system and subject.
This rumor of the black Xbox 360 just will never die.
And it's now confirmed to be real.
Probably why the rumor never died.
But in the latest issue of Game Informer Magazine... Which further goes to show Microsoft rumors 90% of the time, unless you made it up yourself, Microsoft rumors are always true.
Always true.
It has been announced, at least according to the article in Game Informer, not officially announced yet, but anyways.
An HDMI-enabled black unit is coming out for $479.
It's going to be a limited edition in black.
It will be in white later.
But limited edition for $479.
And it's supposed to have a larger hard drive, 120 GB.
and other rumored options with this is that it's supposed to also have black accessories coming out for it, so eventually you'll see different colored controllers and whatnot.
And one thing also they're talking about is the IPTV is supposed to be enabled in it as well.
So that's something interesting.
If you've already spent the money, though, on your 360, you'll be happy to know there will be a larger hard drive coming out for under $200.
and the other rumor with that is that there is going to be a data cable included with the new 360 and the new hard drive that will allow you to be able to hook up your old hard drive to transfer any saves you have.
So I hope that's true.
Well, Microsoft rumors usually end up being true, so it would make sense.
But interesting.
But I don't know.
I can't get too excited about the black Xbox 360 because I think, well, the first Xbox was black and nobody cared.
Well, it's going to be called the Elite.
I mean, that's what they're calling it right now.
The Core system's not going away.
The Premium system's not going away.
It's basically, this is just going to be another SKU that's added on, and eventually it will become a white system.
I'm not sure if it's going to replace the Premium system or not, but they're going to eventually all be white.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Hopefully we'll see a price drop for the Core, because that'd be kind of nice.
I heard they're ditching the core.
I don't know.
I would think they would because they want to urge people to download movies and stuff, so that means you have to have a hard drive, right?
Yeah, but at the same time, they want to still be able to compete against the Wii and stuff.
I mean, they've got to have that lower price point out there.
Drop the premium to $2.99, there you go.
Yeah, that would be good.
I think if they do price drop to drop it to $2.99...
They could keep the core around for $199 or something like that.
If they're not going to keep it around, then so be it.
So they'll have a unit that's not out there.
ShadowNextGen says, New Xbox 360 hard drive for under $200 equals $199.99.
If I were to guess, actually, I can't remember, because originally the core system, it was $299, and the hard drive is $99, so that would equal $399, roughly.
This is $479, so...
I don't know.
Core system plus new hard drive.
I'm guessing the hard drive is $179.99.
That would be my guess.
Blaze says, Sky, new colors always make people go, ooh.
I don't know.
I kind of like the white because, you know, for my setup, it's kind of nice because my, you know, Ikea TV table is a light color and then you have the white Wii on one side and the white Xbox 360 on the other side.
Everything looks nice.
Rob, you got to understand, though, people are stupid and they will buy different colored stuff because...
I can understand for the HDMI cable, the big hard drive and that stuff.
Maybe, I don't know.
I'm not going to get it.
Yeah, I'm not going to get it.
I might get the new hard drive or something if I really need it or something.
But I don't need the HDMI.
My TV doesn't have HDMI, so that's a big deal.
Black, I couldn't give a crap if the thing was bright green or pink or something.
Who cares?
Raven's Dolphin wants to know if you've seen this through your insider sources.
Nope.
Because certain companies will not talk about stuff before it needs to be out there.
Certain companies are a little better about keeping tabs on that stuff than others.
Microsoft, Nintendo, Sony, they're an expert in the PR department and they will not leak crap like this out there.
In fact, I'm surprised that it would even be out there in some of those systems stuff.
Unless they're doing like test stuff, I don't know.
But yeah, this stuff...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, I don't know.
That might be good to boost stock prices or something.
Anyways, on to the final new system out there, the Wii.
They are getting the final version of the internet channel towards the end of April.
And it's supposed to be...
having some more features added to it.
I believe they're improving the... Like getting rid of that goddamn bar that sits at the bottom of your page?
I hope so.
I can't remember.
I have to find the exact details for it, but I remember improved zooming, auto-resizing of text.
I think they're improving the little virtual keyboard that's on there so that it has some more preset stuff like www.
and HTML and stuff like that.
So that stuff on there.
Hopefully they're removing the little bar on there.
And I think they're extending the free web browser until June now.
Well, that's a nice thing to do considering a lot of people that want to get Wii still can't get them.
Yeah.
You know?
And really, I mean, the web browser is five bucks.
I mean, when it does eventually, you know, when they start charging for it.
I don't know.
I can't see how that would be.
You know, the Wii web browser has been getting a little bit of play in this house because we use it for YouTube.
You know, when there's like seven people over, we want to show something funny on YouTube.
Like, hey, look at this Kelly video on YouTube because you're the only person on the planet that still hasn't seen it.
We'll go to YouTube and bring it up on the TV and it's kind of cool except for that bar that sits at the bottom of the page and kind of eats up all the space.
Or Pornotube.
or PornoTube.
I remember the New Year's party.
Good times.
Yes, it's the gateway to porn.
Anyways, back on the subject of the Wii here.
EA announced a brand new game for the Wii called Boogie.
I think we had covered a story.
They were talking about how there was going to be a 70s style music game coming out for the Wii.
and I believe this is it.
Is this the Harmonix partnership?
No.
Oh.
Because there's that going on too, right?
I seem to remember last week there was some sort of, from Game Developers Conference, EA said...
We're gonna get in bed with Harmonix for one game type thing going on.
Is this related?
I don't think this has anything to do with Harmonix.
Alright.
Just curious.
It's basically a Wii exclusive game and you're gonna be using the nunchuck as well as the remotes to disco dance.
And your character kind of looks almost like, I don't know, definitely not human, but there's these evil looking Pikmin things in the background.
Everybody disco dancing!
So it's interesting what they're doing with that.
Could be kind of fun.
I don't know.
So.
I'm looking forward to it.
That should be out later this year, of course, no specific anything on that.
Yeah, it's still a little vague for me.
I want to know more about, like, you know, are there videos out there of people playing it?
Pictures.
Pictures?
Pictures of the game.
Looks pretty good.
Another thing that was announced, or at least reconfirmed, Guitar Hero for the Wii is supposed to be coming out, and they're saying that they're going to actually be doing controllers as well that look like guitars.
Not a big surprise.
And, um,
Yeah, it's kind of going back to when they were talking about... Wait, they're going to make controllers that look like guitars?
That's what they were saying.
But wouldn't that be a given because Guitar Hero uses a guitar controller?
Or are they saying that feasibly you're going to be able to play this game with no special controller?
I think they're actually making new controllers for it.
Huh.
Yeah.
It says the cult rhythm game Guitar Hero is on its way to the Wii.
It comes with a guitar-shaped controller and plays convincingly enough to make you think you're making real music.
Hopefully we'll get the actual guitar and not pretend we're... Ah, so it's speculation.
Never mind.
So no idea if they're going to actually have a real guitar thing.
I would hope that they're going to.
If they want to cut costs, just make a plug-in for the Wii Remote.
Stick it in there and...
I don't know what the Wii version is going to have to really have something special to make me want to buy another guitar controller.
and another, you know, I kind of wish they would put out a guitar that would just work on all the systems, kind of like you can get DDR pads to do that.
Yeah.
I'll be nice.
Then let's see here.
I have one more story, and I think you talked about this a little bit last week, Rob, and it's been finally confirmed.
A Nintendo rep has confirmed individual friends lists for the Wii titles.
So yes, they have worked they have done nothing to change the fucking hassle that was DS friends list system and basically they've said I can confirm that the friend code system in the Wi-Fi connection service for the Wii will be the same as it was for the Nintendo DS meaning game specific friend codes and separate friends rosters are used in each game where players can play with identified friends.
As with the Nintendo DS, the system was created to ensure gaming environment is kept
Fun for everyone.
Except for the people that have to enter in the 5,000 codes for each damn game.
Retarded.
I just... I don't know.
I talked about this so I was blue in the face last night.
I just don't get it.
What do you... You weren't here last week.
What do you think of this whole friend codes thing on the Wii?
That you're going to have to basically enter in your friend code every time to get new players.
What?
That's dumb.
Like you do on the DS, right?
You know how you do that on the DS?
You enter a friend code.
Now you're going to have to do the same thing on the Wii.
Even though we already put in friend codes to send the messages back and forth on it, you're going to have to do it for every single game.
Because heaven forbid you get a, I don't know, a predator on Wii or something.
I hope that this is something that's not required for third parties or something.
This could be fun.
I'm fine with the first party stuff if they want to do that.
Great, but so far with Konami, they have Elebits and WeConnect24 stuff.
I don't know.
I guess that's not really playing with anyone online, though.
That's just exchanging levels or something.
I still think it's retarded, though.
Why would you want to be a friend in one game and not another?
Why?
It doesn't make any sense.
No sense whatsoever.
I don't understand why they have to complicate things.
I'm sure they got an over, you know, what was the response to the DS one?
I mean, no one I think actually was positive on it.
Everyone was like, this fucking sucks.
So what would make you decide, hmm, people really hated it before, let's do it again.
That'd be awesome.
I mean, really, what was the thought behind this?
I don't get it.
Maybe there wasn't any thought.
I mean, people aren't really being kidnapped with the goddamn DS.
I mean, seriously.
Skylark says, friend codes are horrible.
Hasn't Nintendo learned anything?
I'd rather take the risk of meeting child molesters than not be able to play online at all.
And really, how hard is it anyways to add someone?
I mean, you just put in a friend code.
It's basically like accepting, like hitting yes or something.
I mean, people, they won't.
People can add you to their friends list, but you have to add them back first.
So it would be just like, you know, if I sent a friend request to somebody, they don't have to agree to do it.
So why just leave it as yes, no, instead of numbers?
I don't know why you have to complicate things.
Mori in our chat room live on this Sunday evening at chat.org.com says, It's a really flawed system, especially considering Nintendo's justification.
QWhat5565 says, Nintendo can't be that stupid.
They have to be coming out with an easier add-on.
Maybe a report button.
Hmm.
Well, I mean, here, let me put it this way.
We still got time until the first, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Just put yes or no.
I mean, is that so hard instead of having to enter in?
People put their damn friend codes on websites anyways, and they exchange them that way.
So how is that any different than yes or no?
You know what we should do is create a website, childmolesterfriendcodes.com, and encourage people to use the friend code systems to meet child molesters.
Obviously, I'm joking, people.
But, you know, I mean, Loki brings up a good point.
You can trade codes online with complete strangers who might turn out to be people you don't expect them to be.
I don't get it.
I don't get it either because if someone ends up being creepy or something, you delete their friend code.
Or, for example, with Xbox Live, you just defriend them.
Or push the button that reports them.
It's not that hard.
Although I know a lot of people don't use it.
I mean, how hard is it?
Oh no, people are going to send you stupid messages.
Oh, it's so hard to just delete them.
I mean...
GS68 says, how to meet child molesters?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh no, wait, no, I can't do that, because I have to email all my damn friends now with the Wii system and say, hey, what's your friend code for Pokemon Battle Revolution?
Because I can't play you until, you know, I get this.
So it may take me a couple days before I'm actually able to play the game online with friends.
Hooray, mission accomplished, you've really, you know, embraced online.
Well, I think there's only one thing left to say about all of this.
For the second week in a row inspired by Nintendo Friend Codes.
No DarkSakura tonight, so Loki, you get first dibs.
My FU goes to drama.
I hate drama, and I hate drama that's unnecessary.
I'm leaving it at that for now.
My FU goes to bullies.
They come in all shapes and sizes, and Fortune 500 sizes, and bullies are not cool.
and Double Standards suck as well.
I really hate Double Standards.
I really, really, really, really hate when you see one thing applied this way here and then it's applied totally or a blind eye is turned over here.
I think that's stupid.
That's all.
Rice Princess, do you have anything you want to share?
Yes, so FU to Immaturity.
Yes, that's pretty much it.
I'm not going to get into specifics.
Some very vague FUs this week.
FU to the last Mimsy because it just got ridiculous towards the end.
Really ridiculous.
Some chatroom folks are entering honorary FUs on behalf of DarkSakura for not being here.
Joshi16 says, DarkSakura, FU to fucking drivers.
Drivers suck.
I hate them.
They should die in a fire.
Kingdom Hearts rules.
No FU to them.
That's great.
Oh, Drunami says F you to e-sluts on Myspace.
Yes, amen.
You know, I've been gone for four days, so I logged into Myspace.
I swear to God, 15 e-sluts.
That is going to kill Myspace, just like Slowness killed Friendster.
It really is.
It would not be that hard for Myspace to institute some way to get around that.
I think they kind of are right now.
Well, they have that whole thing where you can know my last name and get around it that way, so I'm thinking about putting this big thing on my profile that says my last name is Roberts.
You know, because I've used my fake last name that I use on the radio on the MySpace profile so that people in my real life I don't want to find me can't find me because they don't know my stage name.
So I'm thinking about just putting that really big so that the cam girls are fooled and they can't add me.
At least turn it on for a little while and hopefully it will get them to stop hitting my profile.
I don't know.
Just do what I do, Robin.
Just not check MySpace after, you know...
and DarkSakura.com.
That's, you know, there's that All Games community site, which is pretty rad as well.
Rice Princess, you should sign up for that because they talk games on there a lot.
I thought I did, but I guess I didn't.
Did you?
I don't know.
Well, maybe you did it while I've been gone.
I haven't checked the site in a few days.
There could have been some great blog posts.
I don't even know.
I have some game review haikus I have to catch up on for the community site.
So that's community.allgames.com.
Our buddies over there at All Games have set up their answer to Myspace.
minus the camhors plus all the gaming chat.
Really?
Yes, it's good times.
Then I might have to go there.
You'll probably get a lot of friend ads because OMG a chick.
Oh, okay.
No, not really.
I'm going to go in as a dude.
You get a lot of cool people over there.
It's a good community.
Because all listeners of this show and All Games and all the other shows that are on AllGames.com about the six or seven other indie podcasts they have that are on that network.
So it's cool.
Good times.
I'll check it out.
Good times.
Sweet.
Okay, TigerClaw wants to know if I checked the games and porn community site as well.
Apparently, All Games has these two spin-off community sites.
One of them is Rhythm Nation, which is for music-based games, and the other one is games and porn.
I have not looked at games and porn yet, but Rice Princess, that sounds right up your alley.
It totally is.
You might have to check that out.
Or just the porn.
That works too.
So no more news this segment, Loki?
That's it for Part A. Saving the good stuff for Part B?
A little bit, yeah.
All right.
Well, then we're going to take a little break here on Orange Launch Radio.
We'll be back in a little bit with more, including our Part B. And if you listen to us on the podcast feed, keep in mind you have to wait just a couple days for Part B. That way you get your OLR spaced out throughout the week, so that way you get a little bit to get you through the workday or the commute or the jog.
However you listen to us, you get a little bit on Mondays and you get a little more on Wednesdays.
For those of you guys listening live though, you only have to wait a few minutes and we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
