Tonight, March 18th, 2007, all next-gen systems are set to roll up a beautiful Katamari.
Halo 3 is set to arrive in September, but on what day?
And what happens when two popular dance games get together and have a baby?
Hello everyone out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
and also joining us tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
All right, if this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, we'd like to welcome you to our little program.
DarkSakura, Loki and I all met a few years ago at an arcade and decided, hey, let's start a radio show talking about games.
And we've been doing this internet program for the past almost five years.
It'll be five years in June talking about, for a while, music-based video games and a couple years ago expanding into podcasting and talking about a general variety of games.
We're going to deviate from our usual form a little bit.
Usually we start off the show talking about how is your gaming week, but tonight we want to get right into this because we think this might be possibly what might draw some new people to our site this week is this particular story.
I'm going to cite a particular story.
This site QJ.net ran this story, so let's take a look, shall we?
Rumor.
Release dates for Beautiful Katamari for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3.
Before we go any further...
We'll take this moment to warn everyone that this particular topic is currently marked with a huge red rumor flag.
This is a report about something that has somehow made the internet implode, but until we get any official word from Namco Bandai about the whole issue, we suggest taking the following details with a grain of salt.
Okay, good.
Blah, blah, blah.
There's reports going around about beautiful Katamari.
Blah, blah, blah.
It's going to come out on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 October 17, 2007 for $39.99.
On the Wii, November 14, 2007 for $29.99.
The report goes on to say that the PlayStation 3 version will feature six acts of support, though fails to elaborate on how exactly this will be implemented.
It also points out that the release dates they gave actually coincide with a trademark Namco and I filed back in January.
A screenshot has said trademark has been provided as proof.
Now, as much as we want to start doing cartwheels of joy over this piece of news, there are several things we need to keep in mind.
At the moment, the only source of these reports seem to be Orange Lounge Radio.
Who are they?
I've never heard of them.
Some...
There's this really annoying guy, and then this other really annoying guy, and then this really awesome girl on it.
A bunch of liars is who they are.
They're a bunch of damn dirty liars.
Although they must have some pretty solid reasons on how they came up with this bit of news, skeptics can say that there are still some gaps that need to be filled in.
We all have yet to receive official word from Namco Bandai, which either confirms or denies the existence of beautiful Katamari.
Trademarks get filed almost every day, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they actually get used.
I don't know, they're
They're really poking some holes in this theory here.
This is something else.
The team behind Katamari has already been disbanded, and as far as everyone knows, no sequels were planned, although Katamari trademarks were registered towards the end of 2006.
Well, we just so happen to have the man who started this whole thing right here in studio tonight, Loki!
You goddamn liar!
Is this some type of April Fool's joke you're playing on all of us?
No.
Is that what it is?
No.
What, next thing you're going to tell me, Knights is coming to the Wii?
What the hell?
That's not my story.
Seriously though, it wasn't just Katamari.
In fact, we have the whole lineup for Namco.
Which we'll be revealing a little later in the show.
So it's not just Katamari.
I got excited about Katamari because I love the game.
So I figured I'd share the story with everyone.
That and I got to jump on those big corporate sites because they like to beat everybody two-stuffed.
Anyways, so, Beautiful Katamari, it is set for this fall.
The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions are set for October 17th, $39.99, which is great.
You know, nice price point for a game like that.
And if you remember, the original Katamari, also very inexpensive.
And then, of course, the Wii version is coming in November, and that's also $29.99.
Now, we do have a big time span between now and the fall, so...
I can confirm this much, okay?
The game is coming out.
That is for sure.
Whether Namco decides to release it on those exact dates, because, you know, dates change a lot, you know, especially with, you know, six months gaps in between them.
I would say that, yeah, it's going to come around the fall for sure.
Those exact dates, who knows?
But those are street dates, not ship dates.
Ship dates are day before, because...
Most retailers out there and most distributors out there, they work on street date systems as opposed to ship dates as most publishers work on.
Let's say that someone's listening to this show for the first time because they want to hear what a bunch of liars we really are.
Why should anyone believe you?
Tell us what happened Friday morning, what took us from you finding out about this and how you found out about it to posting it on the site and so on.
Well, I do a lot of work on order forms and stuff for my company.
I work at a game distributor, one of the big ones in the United States, and so because I work on this show as well, and because I'm a huge freak when it comes to making sure I have accurate dates on all my order forms and stuff, I check our system for new stuff almost twice daily, if not more, because I'm crazy like that.
and so I will look and see if there's new stuff, especially next-gen stuff all the time.
And when I saw, you know, actually I think the first title I did see was Ace Combat 6, which we'll be talking about later.
I saw that and I said, hey, that's kind of neat, new game.
So I, you know, said, okay, we'll probably get some Namco title downloads and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Any one of our customers has access to this information.
I'm assuming that most of them probably don't work in internet radio as well.
But at the same time, you see this stuff all the time also on GameStop or Amazon or something like that.
They get title downloads as well.
Sometimes GameStop and stuff like that, they'll put in arbitrary titles or dates or whatever for pre-orders.
But since we don't really work on a pre-order system, we don't have anything like that.
We pretty much...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
and Beautiful Katamari.
And so it was very weird because we don't talk to that site, they don't talk to us, but yet we posted almost very similar stories at the exact same time.
And if you look at their dates on there, their dates are all Friday dates, whereas ours are all Wednesday dates.
Wednesdays are typically when
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura.com
So yeah, that's basically how we come about most of our street dates and stuff like that.
It's from actual sources at these companies.
The problem is, though, their marketing departments and the sales departments don't always talk to each other.
So in the case of Konami last year, when we released all the information about their E3 lineup, they apparently didn't really want that information to be leaked out.
But unfortunately, somebody in their sales department went and did that.
and so on.
This news, you know, the dates could change, the prices could change.
A lot of websites who've been blogging about this have been kind of saying that, wow, this is really ballsy of them to post some dates and some dollar amounts when it's so far out of advance.
But you're kind of admitting that that could change.
If it changes, it won't be by much.
I mean, usually, you know, Namco, as far as I'm familiar with, they don't really change dates too much as far as stuff releasing.
You know, some companies, for example, some of the smaller ones,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Up to the company, but I don't really kind of... If that were the case and if I was always afraid of dates changing, then I'd never be telling you guys news.
But the reason is, even if the date changes, that's whatever.
But the fact is, this game is coming out.
Next question I'm going to ask you, and I think of... Let's think of some cases on this program where this was correct, and you named games through the distribution system people didn't have yet that ended up coming out.
We may not have blogged about them on the site, because we don't have the resources...
to have people crawling blog sites 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and the distribution thing and the way the other sites do it.
We have day jobs.
We do this for fun in the evening.
Like Loki said, his day job is distribution.
We don't have the resources to blog about it and have it in writing that we were the first every time.
And the fact is, sometimes, like I said, the marketing departments and sales departments of these companies don't always work together.
Some of them do.
Like, for example, Nintendo, they know not to say anything about anything.
And even when you feed them a lot of alcohol, they still will not say anything.
But yet, I seem to recall that you were the only one that was willing to say that the Wii was going to come out after the PlayStation 3.
Because at some point earlier in the year, Nintendo had said, no, we're going to beat the PlayStation 3.
And they didn't.
Remember?
The Wii came out a little bit later.
And you called that.
I remember that distinctly.
Not that I'm trying to inflate our ego here.
It's not a big deal, honestly.
But, I don't know.
For me, I get a little bit frustrated when I see all these website headlines that say, Rumor, rumor, rumor, rumor.
Yet, when EB Games and GameStop will post dates, they'll block it with, EB Games says this is going to come out.
And they don't say it's a rumor.
Why couldn't this have been blocked saying, Distribution leak says blah, blah, blah.
Why does that have to be rumor, rumor, rumor?
Well, it's because, you know, our website doesn't have the word game in it or a company name like Nintendo or something like that.
And that's why.
For example, though, I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Then everybody forgets that we even mentioned anything.
And this is how it's happened in the past.
I mean, full out of two on the PSP.
I kept saying this weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks after each other.
But no one remembered when, you know, was it 1UP ran the fucking press release or ran the story that's coming out.
I was like, oh, look, it's coming out on the PSP now.
I'm like, yeah, I've been saying it for months.
The other one I think of is Oblivion on the PSP.
Because when you first said that on the show, I was like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
