I don't wanna lose you, cause I gotta tell you now
Yes, I'm your love boy, and I'll give to you my love
Try to remember
You can change everything you want
The story we've got, been made to play
Goodbye, Yellow Brick Mode
Do you remember the time tonight?
Goodbye, Yellow Brick Mode
I wanna be your angel finger
Goodbye, yellow brick road Do you remember the time tonight?
Goodbye, yellow brick road
I wanna be your angel, baby
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
On tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio episode number 146, we're going to be debuting
a new song from Ultramix 3.
And the song that we're debuting, it's already been announced out there on the internet,
just none of you people found it yet.
So we're going to be blowing the lid on that one tonight.
We've already got the songs.
We're going to play that for you guys.
That's going to be tonight.
Got a very special guest with us and plenty more when we come back, episode 146, just around the corner.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Whoa!
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-b-cocky?
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live! This is episode number 146 for this June the 12th of 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want.
and this is Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Shoop!
Are we still up?
Are we up? I don't know if we're up.
We're going to go to a quick song break and come back
and I don't know if we're still going.
We're going to go quick song break because we think we might have just unplugged.
plug. We'll come back and try this intro again in just one moment.
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
Let your love shine
Funny, never knew you were funny, never knew you were funny
Oh, gosh, who are they?
Oh, god!
Heh heh heh heh heh, call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-bluh-bluh-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
Do-over! We are live, and this is episode number 146 for June the 12th of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome
Go hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
So who keyed my new car?
What?
Yeah, I don't know if there's already there, but it's very hard to tell cuz my car is silver
Uh-huh, so it doesn't show up as glaringly as it would on any other color
Oh, but I noticed it was like the light is reflecting in a funny way. I
got a car and my car kicks everybody's ass twice and
several times on Sunday and then like just
Fucks all that shit up
Well, I'm sure we'll be hearing more about that later.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to Tech Masoloki.
Hi.
I finished my pizza.
You finished your pizza and bread six nights.
Sorry about the little hiccup there in the beginning, boys and girls.
We accidentally had a router mishap, and something came unplugged during the intro there.
We cut the wrong wire.
Yes, basically we accidentally cut the wire that would blow everything up, because you
know how in the movies-
It's like you press the red button in an idiot mansion in the pool.
Or for those that didn't play through that game, which would be a lot of our audience,
because that game is kind of old. I'd always get just fed up and purposefully find the pool,
drain it because
the pool cooled the nuclear reactor,
and pressing the button made it explode. I wish they would release that TV show on DVD or
something, because I totally missed the TV show.
Okay, anyway, my analogy. You know how, like in the movies, they always have the green wire and the
red wire and you have to cut the right wire or everything will blow up, well we accidentally
cut the wire that blew everything up.
Moving on, we are back, hello.
We got a fun show for you guys tonight.
We even have a very special guest here tonight, but he'll introduce himself after the first
break because we don't have all our listeners back yet.
We had a mishap.
Yeah, so we'll be back.
So let's go to a break and when we come back, we'll get to the show.
As I mentioned in the opening there, we are going to debut an UltraMix 3 song, a brand
new song here on the show.
Yeah, that's cool.
And the thing is, is that it's already been out there on the internet, just nobody found
it yet.
But we did.
So we're gonna unveil it to the rest of you guys.
We're gonna point at the pink elephant in the room tonight and say, look, UltraMix 3
song right over there.
There'll be also some more crap we're debuting too.
Like what?
Well, what's it say on the CD here? There's two songs on there, and what are they?
Interesting. Am I supposed to say now or later?
We'll say it later, but there's two songs on there that have remixes to them now, and
they're okay, but they'll never be released on the internet because they're B-sides.
Alright, so tonight's the only time you'll hear them then.
Well, maybe.
Alright, let's go into this break, and this first break we're going to hear some music
some music from DER UltraMix 2. Starting off with a song we were the first to blow the
lid off of last year, about a year ago this time, so here it is. For those of you guys
that are trying to get your friends in to listen, because we are going to be announcing
that new song and playing the new song, we have it, we found a copy of it out there,
so we're going to play the new song for you guys. That should be about 745, 8 o'clock-ish,
just so you know, but don't just tune out and then tune back in then, because we've
got loads of fun for you guys tonight cage match and stuff going on within the
groove as well and all the stuff you know and love here at orange lounge
Radio. We'll be back after this.
And yet nobody knows
Diddle, daddle, chicken chat
Shoots in the breeze
Put a clack in splutters
There's a synchronous symphony
Play from the familiar
Conjure a search a jive
Fidget in the mind
Enjoy chats with no regrets
Analyzing, hallucinations
Wind a lick in the imagination
Big hands, big hands, shadows dancing
Here's a synchronous symphony
Diddle-daddle, chin-shot
Shootin' the brains
Pat-a-clack, the cadence slatters
Is a synchronous symphony
Let me tell you something you don't know Let me tell you something you don't know
Let me tell you something you don't know Let me tell you something you don't know
If you keep those secrets, I won't go
If you keep those secrets, I won't go
I'm learning from you
Thank you for watching!
I was picked up for a TV show, it's called B-24
I am the girl that you all know, to love, hate or adore
I've been waiting for my life
Trying to be seen
Seen by everyone
I wanted to be someone
I'm better soon before
Longing to be seen
I'm not the bad girl
I'll do anything
I'm better than the star
Longing to be seen
I'm the silver girl I'm the baby green
Like the blue stars Wanting everything
I'm just a little girl
I'll do anything you need
Oh
Hi Ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
And we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 146.
Off to a very interesting start tonight with some stuff going on there
in the opening where we kind of disconnected there for a little bit.
And now folks in the chat room are saying they heard Skips there
in the last break.
I have no idea what that's about.
We don't show anything going on on our end, but I have no idea.
So hopefully everything's OK.
Anyway, tonight we are going to play a brand new song from Ultra Mix 3 for you
guys, probably in about, I don't know, probably about a little over an hour
from now.
In the meantime, it's myself, Dark Sakura, and Loki here tonight.
However, we do want to introduce a very special guest we have here tonight,
one of our favorite folks to have here in the studio who hasn't been here
In a while, might I add, I want you to introduce ourselves for the listeners.
Hi, it's Miklotov, Seagurd, whatever you want to call me.
What's up?
Hey, how you doing?
I'm good, good, good, yeah.
So, back at the ol' Konami now?
Yeah.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
Yeah, that's all I can say about that.
Yeah, I know, you can't really say anything, can you?
No, no I can't.
Ah, that's a bummer.
to at least see the new stuff that we're all excited about?
I don't know, it's a little thing called NDA.
Ah, you can't even say that.
Alright, well, that's too bad.
Which means that's a...
What?
That means yes, he has.
That's exactly what that means.
Is that no means yes?
Because it would have been a no, otherwise, not, I can't talk about that.
Hey, let's use some reverse psychology to figure out some more stuff here.
Every time I answer NDA, that means yes.
Was somebody smoking crack when they put Butterfly on UltraMix 3?
NDA.
Okay, just curious.
Alright, also I have to point out is that because we are disclosing a new song tonight,
this has nothing to do with the coincidence that Miggletove is here because he is under
an NDA.
I didn't know about this till yesterday that you even knew about the song.
Yes.
As you will find out when we reveal the song, you'll find out why we're revealing the song
and it will make sense how all the cards kind of fell into place.
So we'll kind of get to that when we talk about the song.
But it has nothing to do with the song.
Was it GamePro again?
It actually was not GamePro, funny enough, but it was an internet website that spilled
in.
I will say that much.
And it wasn't a DDR-related website, so it's just a website.
the website.
Yes, so we'll get to that a little later.
So we're going to get to that, but first we've got to start off the show with a little bit
of how was your week, how was your day, and DarkStalker, I know you're dying to tell us
all about the new vehicle.
Yeah.
So how was your week, how was your day?
The rest of the week I could give a rat's ass about.
We went on Friday to one of the Mitsubishi dealerships in town because I had settled
on getting a Lancer, and they gave us a good deal on a not too exciting 2004, you know,
It only had like 5,000 miles on it, so it was really good.
It had all the options, everything else.
Like, OK, this is nice.
And then we went to Fairfield.
And they had a 2002 Lancer OZ Rally Edition,
which is what I wanted.
And the thing about it is that this has,
is basically, when I think Lancer,
this is the car I think of, it has the logo and wide letters
across the back instead of just eensy tiny
the bottom of the trunk and has the you know the custom rims for the for that
model has all the bells and whistles it's automatic on top of it we did look
at an it out of that evolution and there's no way I could perfecting afford
that car but hey I also got a warranty on it that's basically the warranty for
a brand new car on a 2002 model so basically I'll have an old car with a
a brand new warranty on it.
And it's fabulous.
It's silver.
It only has a little ding on the sender,
and then I found the scratch on the door.
But it's fast.
It goes from 0 to 60 in less than three seconds.
How fast have you taken it so far?
Ben took it to 95.
He got challenged on Roosevelt Road driving my car last night.
To a race?
Yes, to a race by it.
He passed them civic, and he just swooped right down
in front of them.
and so the guy in the city started flashing his lights like he wanted to race
and then pulled up in the lane beside him
but Dan said he might have done it but I would have had his balls for breakfast
or at least I would have fed it to him for breakfast
so good boy. Tie the car around a tree the first day out, that's a great idea
yeah, especially since that, from that area
of Roseville Road goes to one lane. Yeah, not smart
My week has been car.
Oh yeah, and I got an iPod.
It was free.
So the free iPod site actually worked?
Yes.
Is there an engraving on the thing that says freeipods.com or whatever?
No, it's just an iPod.
Nice!
How many gigs?
Twenty.
Alright.
And an FM tuner now.
How much have you filled it up already?
About ten.
And I have a 28 gigabyte collection, so I was taking off all the stuff that I never
listen to but play for other people.
Right on.
none of my bimani music is in it except for all my taco stuff.
You know what's interesting? None of my bimani music is in my iPod either.
I have some of the long versions.
Yeah, me too. I have, like, some long versions. Like,
I have Conga feelin' in there, because you have to have Conga feelin', obviously.
Um, and very few others. I have a couple Loki remixes, funny enough, which are, you know,
somewhat bimani-related, I suppose.
Is Celica only goes to 101?
Pfft!
We only- he only took the car that fast just because of the road.
The guy in the dealership said he got it going at 130 and still had room.
I'm just making a promise in the chat room.
Interesting comment.
Speaking of our chat room, why don't you join at www.orangelandreo.com, click on chat.
We've got a lot of interesting folks in there.
Sepiroth1215 says, I'm thinking about doing the free Xbox 360.
What do you think about that now that you have reaped the rewards of one of these free
iPod.com sites?
you think of? First of all, the Xbox 360 isn't going to be out for months. That's why I think
it's weird that there's already all these banner ads for a win a free PlayStation 3 and it's like...
The thing is, look at what type of offers they have, because I did the Blockbuster one,
because you have to sign up for an offer and you have to get five more people to do it. Right.
I signed up for the Blockbuster one, you know, it had a two-week trial on it. It takes them five
days to confirm. They do not bill you until your free trial is up and you can cancel within
your free trial.
Right.
So I waited until it confirmed and I canceled it.
Right.
No money lost.
Right. That's what a lot of people do. So people wonder how do they make money off this.
Well...
Keep in mind as well that you're putting a lot of your shipping, your address, all that
stuff on those sites that you're doing the offers for, they will sell your information.
Yep. Absolutely.
I actually got, and they'll spam your email box, so you have to, you know, basically get
their physical address and send them an affidavit. Do not sell my information. Opt out of any
sharing, because under privacy law they have to do it.
Right. But, or just move on them, which is something you're going to be doing soon anyway,
right? Boarding addresses.
Oh, I guess that's true. Oh, the junk mail finds you.
Is there a way that you can, when you put out your forwarding address, say, except for
ipodfreestuff.com or whatever site you use.
No. That's too bad.
Although what I do want to do is take the junk mail one day and just put a big
return to sender stamp on it.
Does it really work?
I haven't tried it yet. Or, one thing,
there's free offer things, you know, sign up for this credit card.
I used to chop up their offer and put it in the envelope and mail it back to them.
That's great.
do they still think that you are going to come in
i used to rate the feast on mine
uh... it's it to use for what defeat
this p
i stopped getting those offers
yeah i used to send them fingers than they started showing up in chili bowls
so i had to stop doing that
uh...
i'm not going to be funny
anything else you're sure about your week
you're not paid at all
here at a not all right moving on it
that's right and he gave up for our egos
uh... moving on because i'll be able mike
how is your week out here outside the uh... nine a m to five p m what are
those the hours you work or you can tell me that can you
i work you were okay uh... outside of work how is your week how is your day
pretty good winter
sunnyville golf land as they normally do played some to the x_-rayed kinda sick
of it already
one happy sky here
now aren't you worried about the meek look off their club like assaulting you
s e g l that he said that
no
cuz i don't have a fan club
i thought you had haters
uh... you have haters why do you have haters cuz i'm a jerk
you're a jerk um... you are but i mean you know
uh...
people still bring up the whole last year with the extreme threat how
we gave them not real clues
uh... but that was funny
wah wah wah which would be even funnier if you guys don't give them any clues this year
that would be hilarious
uh...
let's see we
okay i just said that was my week uh...
and then yesterday i got really drunk
and i was on the floor a lot. Were you dunked? I was so dunked
at one point i think i asked if i was black
for the record boys and girls mikkel tov is not black
uh...
yeah
and i was on the floor a whole lot
and played drinking games and it was fun
except for the pain
of my stomach with alcohol but uh...
Yeah, I haven't done much.
I kind of... Oh, I picked up a blue DS!
That's hot, because it's blue.
And now I have to get Nintendogs for it, because Nintendogs is fun.
You have to tell them the mall story, though.
Because I got so much exercise in the mall today because of you.
Oh, okay. So, EB has this promotion going on
where you buy a DS and get Mario free.
So you went to EB in the mall, which was on the other side
of the mall from where we parked.
get there i'm like hey i want a blue ds with free mario they didn't have mario
and i was kind of sad and i was like okay i'll just buy it
so i take an ad just
i wanted to look at it and i bought the ds
and i'm like maybe game stuff will match the ad and that's on the other side of
them all so we go to the other side of them all
i still have my blue ds from eb go in there
i ask if they will uh... match the ad and he's like yeah if you have the ad with you
which i did
But I had this Blue DS that I had to go take back to EB first to get the money back for.
So we walked to the other side of the mall again to EB, talked to the guy,
tell him that I want my free games so I'm going to go to Gamestop. He was cool about it.
And walked to the other side of the mall to Gamestop
to get my
Blue DS and my free Mario. And then I wanted a USB cable as well,
but they were all fifteen dollars
and they came with software I didn't need and I have one back in Kansas that's like
a five dollar one but that's back in kansas
and i could give anyone for free
uh... i don't free now
uh... that uh... that was it
uh... yeah i got a lot of exercise them all today that's all i know these little
skanks never perfecting it
seven years old they look like they were performing to become future strippers
is that it was
and it was great
and there is a lot of pedophiles that you could tell
what was great is that the mall at the mall here they have one of those local
news stations
uh... that does their life broadcast from the mall or whatever so right next
to that is one of the stores where like girls little girls can go and buy
accessories
makes not claire's with one some other store they were having a jury and stuff
yeah i like it
stupid
spoiled or something at the store i don't know
like ugly pink shit
story at the store is really yeah i don't have a family ugly picture store
yeah and it's it's encourages girls to have their birthday party there when
they're like seven years old so um yeah at a store I don't know what is so I
guess maybe this performance was something they learned how to do at the
birthday party I don't know but they looked like little miniature Christina
Aguilera's and parasol and all those old guys are just standing there watching
and it was great let's see here hmm seven seven seven yes
21 legal let's see seven seven seven jackpot all right i i do remember uh
christopher making my roommate making a comment as we were walking by though he
said something about like very loudly he said something like dirty whores and
one of the old guys like clicked his tongue at him as if he was like
tisking him that's funny
yeah so most people do when they listen to this show
Alright, anyway, Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
Went to Target because she wanted a full-length mirror so she could see how she looks every morning
So so he got her that
And then I don't know why that's funny girls are funny and then and then and then what was it?
We were wandering around looking for other stuff, and I'm like hey look. There's like one of those shower massagers
I'm like you want me to get you one of those two and
Or I forget what she said it wasn't like
Like, um, she's like, oh, that's, that's right, um, she's all, what, what would I use that
for?
I'm like, masturbation!
I said that really loud.
And so, that was quite funny.
But um, then also, let's see, what else did I do this week, uh, uh, watched a lot of X
Play.
Um, a lot, a lot of X Play.
And now I love the little kitties that are on there, the sensor kitties.
And oh yeah, I also mentioned that I tried pirating Seven Sins, and it didn't work because
of the CD copy protection stuff, but I'm going to get the work eventually.
Right now I'm working on Grand Theft Auto San Andreas for the PC, because that'll be
fun.
I do have a legal copy though for my Playstation 2, I just want to play it on the PC now too.
So I say that's completely illegal, and other than that, I've been, I tried playing some
final fantasy and the servers got dns attacked again again they haven't fixed that crap again
thank god i quit but it's cool though because it was like right about when i was gonna go to bed
and i was trying to figure a way to get out of the party i'm like oh that'll work so um yeah that was
it all right my weekend my day well heck i mean miklotov just kind of stole most of my story
because i've been hanging with him most of the weekend because i had i had to drive to the bay
area to get them the other day and I guess that was fun driving by myself
let's see what else getting drunk last night was kind of fun I actually drank
quite a bit myself I actually got drunk I started drinking at about six o'clock
last night and what was I having oh I had that Malibu and pineapple but it was
about the equivalent of about ten shots of Malibu and then a little bit of
pineapple in there so I started drinking that and I think I had down that whole
thing by seven o'clock. So by that point I was pretty butt. And then I had a couple other
miscellaneous shots. I was pretty much drunk by 7.30. Well, finally I think I sobered up
and I was ready to go to the club about nine o'clock. No, stop laughing. By the time I
actually got to the bar, I was pretty sober. Like not like 100% sober. Like I wouldn't
try to drive a car or anything, but I was coherent, right? So I get to the club and
I do I start drinking again because I want to get drunk again
But then everybody kept leaving and nice was dancing and I didn't really end up getting drunk
Just kind of buzzed which is too bad because that would have been quite an accomplishment to get drunk
Sober and then drunk again all in one night, so I will just have to aspire to do that in a future week
I've done it. I bet you
Didn't you do that here on a show once yes, I did
Oh! Yes, I did. Yes, I did.
We have to do another drunk show sometime. We kind of missed the last couple three day weekends.
Getting me drunk's expensive.
It is.
Let's find some cheap tequila.
But that's nasty.
What day is the Fourth of July?
I'm probably doing...well, I don't know. I actually have had a hangover.
Didn't you swear after the last drunk show that you weren't doing it again?
Yeah.
Hey! Hey here!
Guess what?
What?
The Fourth of July falls on a Monday.
I work for a bank.
Alright, sounds like we have a date set.
Uh, we're having a drunk show.
You, me, and a bottle of tequila, I'll have a date.
Hey, I got a-
No.
I will do a drunk show on one condition.
The tequila is the good Gula Gave tequila.
Know what you can do?
How much is that gonna set us back, bottle?
No.
About twenty bucks.
Get the crappy shit, and then get a Brito water filter.
You pour- you filter it through a few times, golden.
Some of our younger listeners are kind of lost in this conversation right now, and I
say that's good because...
You're too young to be drinking and chillin's?
Yes.
You should not be drinking until you're of age.
Exactly.
You gotta get the order of ages right.
First it's illegitimate children, then it's drinking.
So go get knocked up, then have some booze.
No.
Actually, the reason why we do the drunk shows, this is the reason behind it, because we can
show you what an ass you will make of yourself when you're drunk, so it scares all you freaking
kids out there and then not drinking because if you're listening to us going
oh my gosh if I drink I'm gonna turn into that those idiots I could take
Vicodin right now don't take Vicodin and then drink that's really really bad I
don't think I can do it right now I'll have to have to do an all-nighter if
it's gonna be a drinking show because I can't drive home afterwards we should do
an all-nighter show oh my god that would great just like just like rent out
things to talk about let's get me I'm so drunk let's get me to talk here get him
drunk too and then he'll probably be able to get around that NDA so black
miklotov what do you have for us now
maybe we could get him to bring some of his co-workers up here we'll get them
all drunk one of them's liable to spill the beans get Jason Enos up here there
There you go.
Oh, that guy was awesome.
That's what we need to do.
Tell Jason he needs to come up.
We'll get him drunk.
He should come on the show.
We'll find him some liquor if you come hang out with us.
Fun times.
All right.
Enough talk about things that will be happening in the future.
Let's talk about things that are happening in the now, such as an upcoming break and
an UltraMix 3 song coming your way in about 45 minutes.
Eventually.
Yes.
And here's, like, a little bit of a hint as to tonight's song.
When we discovered what the song was, I could do nothing but laugh because it
really fits in with something we've...with a theme we've been having going on on
the show for the past couple weeks. Like, it's so funny. I can't even...yeah,
I can't...this is going to be so funny. I can't wait. I can't wait.
it's just it's like the biggest coincidence ever
uh... it's amazing
uh... we're gonna start off this break since everybody was saying oh i'm sick
of ddr ultramix 2 music okay we're gonna shift gears and we'll do a kind of break that we
haven't done in a while
guitar freaks drummania and i have the perfect song to start off this set
from guitar freaks
uh... ninth we're gonna hear seven seven seven
we'll be back after this
Little little mermaid
Nobody wants to know
Ain't no beautiful world
I'm digital earth, digital easy
I'm digital earth, instant miracle
I'm digital earth, education
I'm just digital, I'm digital
I'm digital earth, digital easy
my
favorite
You got an easy day, you got an easy day
Someone told me, call me
Shuujukari-nemu, teru desu ni
Sashite kuchudemu, don't go away
You've got a easy way
You've got a easy way
Aikirame ga ono
Kuchudekita haguru baro
Yori!
Yake suduhi dashi ne
Poulet chikuru ataru
Dalemu kare toshira
Anano! Anano!
Don't you know, don't you know, I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby, you could show up right on time
Can't you see, I've been waiting for you
Can't you see, baby, you just wanna rise
All the time
So now it's thunder
I wasn't free
All I wanted was attention
Party after party
Beauty and money
We were so desperate for perfection
But you have made me feel so good
If I could be closer to you
I'd close my eyes
In your arms, I'd be gentle again
With you
Don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you
Don't you know baby
Music's gonna thrive on time
Can't you see, can't you see
I've been waiting for you
Can't you see baby
Music's gonna thrive on time
Don't you know, don't you know I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby, you could drive on time
Can't you see, can't you see I've been waiting for you
Can't you see, baby, you could fly on a right on time
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 146.
You want to have a contest to name your car?
We'll have a contest to name my car.
I thought you were going to name your car God.
No, because then I'd start calling it, you know, like, every so often, deity or Jesus or...
And when I say, oh my God, I'm usually not referring to your car.
But I have a friend who goes, oh my car.
Seriously, she goes, oh my car.
Wow. That's pretty awesome.
The bitch tickler is being suggested in the chat room.
That's okay. That's okay.
Wow, that sounds like a, um, like a hardcore band.
If someone can- Like an industrial band.
Live, it's Bitch Tickler!
If someone can suggest a name for my car
that fits in with my interests in my pretty, pretty car
with those stupid key skirts on it, then
you'll get something nice from me after I move. Maybe like a piece of the car?
No! Fuck no!
Mine!
How about a dust ball?
It's called My Car.
And nobody gets a part of it but me.
Alright.
My car.
We are-
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Rob!
What?
My car!
Mine!
I waited a month!
Mine!
We're still going to be doing the Ultra Mix 3 song.
About 30 minutes.
for now let's talk about another dancing game series. In to Groove. In to Groove was released
I guess this week. I don't get the whole In the Groove thing. You know what's funny? And
we went into both those game stores today and in both of them I completely neglected
to check to see if In the Groove was in stock because I just... We went into GameStop three
times and went into EB twice and none of those times did I bother to check for In the Groove
Because that just wasn't the thing that was on my mind today, I feel bad.
No, but, honest, you know, I
would probably pick up In the Groove because, you know, I'm a dance game whore.
But I don't have a PS2 American and I have yet to mod my Japanese one, so,
and I don't know if I want to mod my Japanese one because I'm afraid of fucking it up.
You'll fuck it up, don't do it. Exactly, so I think I'll just wait for the slim PS2.
Well, actually, I don't want to have a slim PS2 because I want one that can put a hard drive in it.
so I have to wait for those PS2's to come out. I already have it in the group. With all the suns unlocked.
You already got it?
Yeah, it's called Stepmania. I had it for years.
What the hell?
I'm not gonna buy it for the PlayStation 2. I already have it on PC for free.
Well, this is the weird thing I don't get is that In the Groove was supposed to be
released
what, June 17th, and then all of a sudden... Here's what it is. Surprise! It's by June 17th because
they realized
I don't think Red Octane has quite the shipping capability as, say, like EA, so they ship
as much as we can.
That's understandable, but it's kind of interesting, because it's not kind of what you're used
to seeing for video game releases, because usually it's like, okay, video games are going
to ship this day to shelve the next day.
The traditional game release always works like that, like if Zelda's going to come out,
you know it's going to ship and then shelve all that.
then Red Octane is just kind of like, well, in the groove, you know, it'll show up around
June 17th. Maybe you'll see it a little sooner, but June 17th will be the last one.
Actually, that's quite typical for games, except, you know.
Really?
Well, yeah, because it's like, yeah, this game will be out in the summer. Like, for
example, let's just talk about Psychonauts here. That game was supposed to be out around
May, and it's like coming out around July now, so it's been pushed back like four or
five times so it's not surprising they just said no we'll get to you whenever
so um because of the fact I don't have a ps2 American although I need to get one
because I want in the groove and I want extreme two for and we love katamari and
we are katamari you know and I got to pick up the dance games that I was
pretty much leeching from Loki when I lived there so I gotta pick all those up
again although I thought I owned one of those maybe not max 2 I think I did own
Max 2 at one point. I don't even know where it is. Isn't that sad? Anyway, so I got to
get a PS2 at some point. But in the meanwhile, those of you guys out there, you've already
been picking up copies of In the Groove and you've been posting to message boards about
what songs are being unlocked and when. And I believe, I'm trying to find out what the
hidden In The Groove 2 songs were here. Somebody had posted a complete list somewhere in here.
I'm looking through some threads over on itgfreak.com where they talk about In The Groove a lot.
Liquid Moon is one of the songs from In The Groove 2 that is in the game. And I want to
say tribal style is another one funk factory and incognito is that it or is
that in in the groove one I don't even know I'm sure somebody in the chat room
will be sure to correct me but I know folks folks over there were really
excited about getting to play some songs from In The Groove 2.
So that's kind of neat.
I do like how they did that, is that they brought back some songs that are going to
be in the next mix, like preview tracks, like they used to do the old DDRs.
So how many songs have I got on lockdown before the game is good?
You're ruthless.
I'm never going to buy that game.
Maybe if I get for free or something, but I'll never pay my hard-earned money for that crap.
Instead, I'll buy, like, Dog's Life 2 or something.
You're really bad.
I'm trying to go to one of my other resources I know has this on. There we go, yes, it's
Funk Factory by Money Deluxe, Incognito by Inspector K,
Tribal Style by Ka, and Kid whatever with Wake Up,
which apparently is getting really good reviews already so
and i'm being corrected uh... liquid moon is not a song from in the group to
it's just one of those ones that you could only play before in the non-stop
mode how would i know that i don't play enough
sorry to disappoint
apparently can unlock modifiers as well
uh... bumpy i think was one of them
Does it have a modifier to make it a good game?
I hear it has link mode with DDR, but they're not similar.
Don't worry.
Or does it have pump it up mode?
Well, it does have hand plants, so I guess it's sort of similar.
Does it have we are under the bedsheets with Endemero mode?
No.
Damn!
Some folks in Chat Room were talking about before the show that In the Groove 2 is out
and about apparently is starting to make its way out towards arcades, which kind of lines
up with some chat that's been going on on the various web forums saying that In the
Groove 2 is supposed to be shipping in this time frame early June, so In the Groove 2
could be coming to an arcade near you.
I haven't heard if it's new cabinets and the whole works or what.
I'd imagine the Boxor thing had to go away, but there'd be no clear answer to the Boxor.
Yippee! Oh my god, I can't wait! Oh, The Groove 2! It would be so much... Nope, sorry. Sucks.
Well, look, I know you don't give a shit, and I know you don't give a shit, but there
are people out there in the community that do care, so I'm just trying to report on their
behalf, because from what I'm hearing, one of the folks in the chat room was talking
me about In the Groove 2 before the show, and was saying that it's very polished, like
it's much more polished, and now we get characters...
You know, you can buy boots at the thrift store and polish them up, but it still means,
you know, there's still boots from the thrift store.
Yes, ooh, characters! Yes, there's hot new characters named Paige and Shemy in the game.
We need Mr. Spanky! I'm kidding, I completely made that up. Don't
in the hate mail please all right so in the groove twos out and apparently it's
really polished and all the songs from in the groove one and then some including
some DDR crossovers like Bambi and just some crazy stuff and novice modes in it
now so should be interesting and maybe might change some of your guys's mind on
in the groove Loki gonna give in the group to a try you got to be fair come
You gotta be fair and balanced.
Will you at least take a piss on it if it caught on fire?
Stop it. Stop encouraging him.
Fine, I'll look at it, but it's gonna be the same damn game.
It's like, ooh, it's like red now.
But it's a pretty new cabinet.
But it's a new cabinet, and the fact that it's in a new cabinet means it's not DDR anymore, right?
Because that's what everybody...
That's what I'm reading on the interweb, is that it's in a new cabinet, so it's not the same game anymore.
Actually, that's exactly what it means, because you know what?
cabinets have this thing called jamma meaning i can put pac-man game in a
normal stand-up cabinet or i could put pac-man game in a driving cabinet or i
can put pac-man game in a goddamn guitar freaks cabinet it's still the same
fucking game doesn't matter what kind of cabinet
you put it in you know what it's like i just said in the chat room you know the
first in the group was basically shit but shit makes the flowers grow so maybe
if we bury this shit it'll grow something good you know the chat room is
I'm not pleased with this track of conversation.
Guess what? Too fucking bad.
There's about five people here saying stop hating.
Too.
Too.
Boo hoo.
I said I'd give it a try.
The first one had good music, but it was just DDR, only crappy.
I tried the first one and it sucked ass. The end.
It was, yeah, it was DDR, only crappy.
And...
I can't wait to see the review on X-Play.
I want to see the next one.
I can't wait to see it. Apparently it's been getting decent reviews. It's getting around
the same scores. I don't know on what planet In the Groove looks better than DDR because
it like gave me eye strain after one song. And I never got eye strain on DDR. Whatever,
you know. For the record, I'm still of the school of thought here where In the Groove
is just another dance game to me. I don't hate it, but I don't love it. Again, it's
not as good as the fanboys say it is, but it's not as bad as the haters say it is. That
include you guys sorry but I don't think it's as bad as you guys make it out to
be I appreciate the effort it was bad I just said it was kind of not good I
appreciate the effort they're trying to put into reviving the dance game
community but I just think they made some mistakes along the way but that's
okay I would have made mistakes too so we've made mistakes doing a radio
It happens. So, anyway, if you are a fan of In the Groove, which apparently there are quite a few of you out there listening, because we're getting hate mail already, pick it up. It's out in stores at least by June 17th. It'll be there. But you might have it already. We just don't know because they're shipping it randomly.
In the Groove is only surviving the arcades because there's no new DDR. That's the only thing. Once new DDR comes out, buh-bye.
You know it's like I could take my hair and dye it purple does it change the fact it's going to grow back brown
so you can't
You know take DDR add
Modifiers to it. It's still gonna. You know always play like DDR
Whatever I'm done. I don't know right good I
Still am gonna harass people at Best Buy though. Oh
Oh yeah, they're doing this live tour thing, right?
What's going on? Oh yeah, live tour, woo!
You know what's interesting, and if you want to find out more information about
this live in the groove tour or whatever they're doing, there is actually a website
on MySpace, and this is interesting because this goes beyond just dancing
games. I know we usually talk about mostly dancing games in the three hour
show here, but
this whole MySpace trend for promoting your games
has gone beyond just the dance games recently.
Donkey Konga 2 has its own MySpace now which I think is very
I don't know, interesting? If that's the word to describe it.
We actually posted the links to both of these on our website earlier this week
not just the Donkey Konga 2 one but also a link to the Red Octane page on MySpace
and Red Octane has their own little section of MySpace.com
and in
the MySpace they actually have posted all their live shows that they're gonna do
because they're actually going to tour in the groove around, and I think this probably
has to do with the fact that you remember on DER Freak a few weeks ago, they were putting
out a call to, they wanted, they were going to hire, I don't know, Fly Girls or something
that were going to be promoting this game, helping to promote the game. Well, they're
going out on tour, and the tour kicks off June 24th at the Best Buy in Dublin, and then
it goes on to Santa Rosa on the 25th, Roseville, which is the one near us, on the 26th, which
is my birthday by the way, which means I'm especially not going to be there and it has
nothing to do with like or dislike for In the Groove but I'm actually going on a company
trip so I can't be there.
Yeah, he's trying to get as far away from In the Groove as possible.
Yeah, right.
So it's going to roll through most of California, making stops at Anime Expo on July 4th and
San Diego Comic Con on July 17th, stopping along some various Best Buy stores on the
way.
And then it's going to roll through some other conventions, no other Best Buy stores yet
So if you're not in a Best Buy in California, sorry you're out of luck, but they're going
to various conventions throughout August, September, October and November, including
just a quick list here, Wizard World in Chicago, Otacon in Baltimore, Gen Con in Indianapolis,
Dragon Con in Atlanta, AWA also in Atlanta, Onicon in Houston, Wizard World in Arlington
and Gen Con in Anaheim.
when I thought anime expo couldn't get any worse I'm proven wrong so they will
be taking that out so if you want to try in the groove maybe you haven't played
yet don't take our word for it or not play the game yourself make your own
decisions you can go catch them out on the road and if you want to check out
the tour schedule to complete one for yourself www.myspace.com slash red
Octane, all one word. So there you have it. So it should be interesting, to say the
least. Alright, let's go ahead and we're gonna go to a quick break and then we're
gonna come back and we're going to talk a little bit about UltraMix 3,
specifically a brand new song in UltraMix 3. Also the cage match when we
come back a little later and some more stuff. We got more news for you guys when
we come back. In this break we'll do some music from 2DX. We'll start it off with
little bit of Setsugekka from tent style. We'll be back after this.
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
가추바 부르가 오르가 왜었다 그마는 미가 있었까 마가 가에는 나라리가 있가 있가 있가 오가 오기 오바 스바스르 다이 보이 보이 봐스는 유 유 가래미요 지기드 보이 보이 보이 보이 봐스는 아�
as
as
as
as
as
as
as
as
as
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, music there in that break from the 2DX series.
it off was Ryu with Setsugekka from 2DX10 style, 2DX fist style consumer track C-R-A-C-K-ER
by Guaashi and 2DX7 style 0-1 by Mr. T and finally 2DX Red, John Robinson, K-K-K.
That was the last one you heard there in that break.
Skypline is open, we decided we'd open it up a little bit.
We are going to be doing the brand new song from DDR UltraMix 3 very shortly here, but
I figured after that last little bit on, we were talking about the In the Groove home
version, I figured there might be somebody who might want to provide a counterpoint via
our Skype line, I don't know, so I am opening that up there.
If you want to join us on the Skype line, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on the little
link that says, interact with us, and that's how you can call in on the Skype line.
But you know what?
I'm not sure how interactive people want to be tonight, because I'm not seeing a lot of
our listeners logged in to Skype right now.
They know I'm right.
say we have
well paris hilton chad is so outdated
this is sad and I've got to admit it okay nelly was bored so she was watching
get this um it was that uh
oh god chaotic
I saw way too many episodes of chaotic and what did it teach me it taught me
that britney spears is a whore
and I've already knew that britney spears is a whore but
She's just fucking like,
Oh, Kevin Vetterman! Oh, Kevin! Oh, Kevin! I've had sex three times today! Three times! I'm a fucking whore!
So that's, you know, basically what Chaotic is about. Now, I was reading just now
that Chaotic's actually going to be debuting a brand new Britney Spears video at the end of the show.
That's wonderful.
So, you know, I figured I'd talk about that stuff. And I was watching the MTV Movie Awards.
I don't know why MTV was on all weekend, but again, that Skype line is open.
You don't have to talk about it in a group if you don't want to.
But they had Jimmy Fallon hosting, which he's not funny at all.
And then they had Nicole Richie, she was actually interviewing people on the runway.
And it was really bad because she's just like, oh my god, you're so hot, oh my god.
And it was just completely stupid.
I really hated that show.
But for some reason, I watched it because I don't know.
If your girlfriend feels like she has to watch this shit, leave the room.
We're getting a call on Skype. Praise the Lord. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, I think I was elected by the chat channel to call in and make him shut up.
Well, we will do so. Loki, shut up. Tell him to shut up.
Yeah, shut up, man.
So, what's on your mind?
Oh, drinking. Not much. Basically laughing at people as they bicker back and forth of
which dance game is better. I'm kind of the neutral party in this.
Now, you kind of came into listening to Orange Lawns Radio Live, I'm assuming from our podcast
that we do, right? Where we talk about other video games?
Actually, yeah. Somebody gave me one of the podcasts and I was like, hey, this sounds
pretty good. So I tuned in last week and just liked it.
Well, welcome to all our folks who've been listening to the podcast.
We do do this three-hour show on Sunday nights, and since it kind of started
about Bamani and music video games and music-based things, we still talk about
them a whole awful lot here on this show, so
it's something you'll get used to. There are a lot of really good music games
out there, though. But we have been kind of trying to branch out as, you know,
as you kind of saw last week. We talk about, you know, just
whatever pop culture stuff, other video games we like, we, you know, get into all that.
Bringing up anything Nickelodeon is insanely cool with me.
That was kind of just a weird show last week when we just were getting into Nickelodeon,
but hey, cool with me, chat room scene to dig it, so I'm all cool with that again.
Pretty much anything old school in my book is really good.
And there's this whole like six degrees of separation thing going on because if you think
about it this way, you have Nickelodeon, you have that show Roundhouse, and then the guy
on Roundhouse was the emcee at Konami's booth at E3 this year, showing off the new music
games.
We should figure out some kind of six degrees of separation with video games or something. There's bound to be a way to do it.
Yes, we could connect anything back to, oh, we're really talking about Bemani, don't worry.
But can we connect it to Kevin Bacon?
Possibly.
Oh, jeez, not Kevin Bacon, come on.
Did Kevin Bacon ever make like a guest spot at E3? Well, okay, maybe like Gary Coleman was at E3.
I don't know, was Gary Coleman and Kevin Bacon ever in a movie together?
Gary Coleman was beating up people at the mall.
Did Kevin Bacon do that? I don't know.
Kevin Bacon has gone to a mall!
As a person who's calling in who isn't too familiar with the dance and music games,
what kind of news stories have been interesting you this week in the general gaming world?
General gaming world, I'd probably have to, well, GTA,
San Andreas is out on PC.
I almost beat it and I just got it today.
Wow, had you played it on PlayStation 2 or any of that previously?
Uh, I played it on PlayStation 2 and hated it,
because it was just... it just didn't feel right to me, so I got it for PC instead.
I've heard a lot of bitching about the controls in that game, and I've played a little bit of
San Andreas, but most of my San Andreas experience was watching Loki play,
because he's better at killing people than I am, let's just say this.
Let's play missions or a bitch.
Well, he also likes to load down the game with cheat codes, and then he'll just
skydive with no parachute. I don't know, what kind of stuff were you doing on those flying
missions? You used to, like, fly straight into the ground and all this crazy stuff.
I wasn't doing that. I don't remember. I just, you can actually chop up people with a propeller
if you're good enough. That's awesome. I would, but one thing I do remember from-
I would car surf and that was fun. One thing I do remember from San Andreas was
that the controls were a little, it was a lot for, like, a little controller. There's
so much you can do in that game that the controls get a little convoluted because there's so
much you can do with that controller. And I imagine if you can lay that out across a
keyboard, it probably makes it a little more...
No.
Same.
You think? What do you think?
Well, yes and no. For the plane missions, having a joystick is very handy, except they
made it so incredibly touchy on the plane stuff. Like, you'll just tap it and you'll
automatically go craning towards the ground.
So like playing Top Gun on the NES?
It's all about...
Exactly!
It's all about the train mission, or the trainers.
You know, yeah, that's what I'm interested in because I remember watching you play Grand Theft Auto Vice City on the computer and there was that code where you could hit a button and you'd make a car rain down.
No, basically what it was, it was, it was, um, I set one button, um, special moves, usually there's a code where you can do, um, make all the cars explode.
So I mapped that to one key, held it down and all the cars rocket into the air, then you let go and start running and dodge the falling debris and that's awesome.
See that's the kind of cool stuff...
Or you can drop like tanks and then you just keep doing a line of tanks.
Yeah tanks, that's a big tank pile.
That's the kind of cool stuff that you can do in a game on the PC that's a little harder
on PlayStation.
I mean they have a lot of these same codes on PlayStation but you can do more config
and hacking and all that stuff on the PC so I think that's the real reason to be happy
about it.
You know what's quite funny is like up to like maybe last month or so they were still
releasing new codes for Grand Theft Auto like in-game codes.
Well that's a good way to keep your game going, you know, keep it alive a little bit.
The console stuff, you can really go so far with it, but the PC, you always have where
you can edit it and change it and add stuff to it.
Oh, I was seeing, I saw today on X-Play, they were talking about Grand Theft Auto, I see
you had two player missions, you can make out with guys in that.
Oh, hooray.
Yeah, unfortunately.
They're talking about having a mini sex game in the PC version.
Dark Sakura said the word sex, so I was interested here for that.
The chat room's talking about it.
I haven't found out how to do it. I've been trying to find out how to do it.
What is up with the mini sex games lately? We had one in Fable. We had one in God of War.
It was written into the code but disabled.
It's written in the code but disabled for the PS2 version.
So if they just transferred that over to the PC, I'm sure someone will be able to find the way to, you know, get rid of that so you can actually have sex.
Who cares? It's stupid. I mean, have you ever watched Hooker have sex with you in the car?
All it is is the car rocking and she's sitting there, it's just great.
You can always do the really old sex joke and playing River City Ransom, you walk behind the girls in the mall and make it look like you're humping them from behind.
Dude, can you post those pictures in our chatroom, DarkSakura? They might get a kick out of that.
I think those are fake.
Are they fake?
I think they're fake.
Oh, they are fake.
Aw, man, you had me going for a minute.
They are funny.
Post them anyway.
Alright.
Well, Reznor, we gotta let you go because we're going to get to a song premiere that the Dance Game folks really want to hear.
All right, well, you have a good one, all right?
You too.
All right, thanks for calling.
Later.
All right.
This is interesting.
Now we've got folks that are tuning in that aren't
used to the dance game stuff.
So we've got to talk about the other stuff, too.
But that's all right.
I like all games.
We're game fans first, dance game seconds.
All right, let's talk about those dance games.
We promised you about now we'd be talking about the brand
new DDR Ultra Mix 3 song.
Now, I told you guys earlier that Miklotov, even though
he's here, you might have forgot he was here, because
He's actually been playing the blue DS over there.
He can't stop playing.
Hi, Miklotov.
How you doing?
It's a mod.
It's a mod you can download.
Oh.
Dark Sakura says the second...
I did a little bit of digging on this, and apparently it's a mod you download.
All right.
Let's get to the dance thing, though, because they're impatient as it is.
All right.
Even though Miklotov here, he is not revealing this to you guys.
He's under NDA, so he can't talk about it.
But who can talk about it and who can talk about when their songs are in the games are
the artists themselves.
And sure enough, if you remember last year when DDR UltraMix II was coming out, we had
TOY, I believe on his website, he had announced he was doing songs for DDR, Alien613 or whoever
had announced they were doing a song for DDR, and they put the background of the song on
their site.
I don't know how they got that.
Do you remember any other folks that announced their songs on their website before the rest
of us found out about it?
I remember it wasn't necessarily announcing songs that they did, but I believe Big Idea
and Jesper Kidd or Kied both said that they were doing stuff for UltraMix on their websites
last year, and lo and behold, apparently artists are doing it again this year.
Alright, so, I know you're all dying to find out what the song is, but I want to remind
you real quick that this ties into an ongoing theme we've had going on for a couple weeks
here on the show.
Loki just found it on the page here, he's laughing.
Loki, what is the theme that it's tying into here on the show?
I don't know, I can't trouble me with that stuff because I'm so very sad.
Are you feeling tragic? I'm so tragic. Oh my god, I am so tragic.
Oh, my tortured existence. Alright, if you haven't figured it out yet,
the theme that this song relates to is our gothic talking that we've been doing for the
past few weeks here. The artist...
Because girls' butts have a lot to do with being God.
Yeah, everybody in our chat room was rooting for girls' butts. Sorry guys, this actually
ties into another joke. I couldn't believe it when I found this. The artist that is doing
this song is called Spray, and the song is called I Am Gothic, and they are claiming
on their website, I'm going to quote from their website, their site is over at www.spraynet.freeserve.co.uk
And I quote from the page, there's a section here that says DDR, whilst spray's dream of
sound tracking something by ultimate play the game may never materialize, we have the
genuinely exciting news that DDR UltraMix 3 on the Xbox will feature I am gothic, the
2003 single mix.
So we have a song by the artist spray called I am gothic, we're going to play them, it's
actually available on the internet we got it off iTunes you can buy the song
on iTunes we're gonna play it for you guys right now I guess ready for this
now remember this is not the DDR edit this song is actually kind of long
remember that the song is going to be edited down for DDR when they actually
put it in the game so this song actually clocks in at six minutes and 30 seconds
so it's a little bit long but I think if you listen to it you can kind of tell
what parts will be in the game you don't you don't have to be me glitov to know
that you will probably able to guess all right here it is the orange andre do
premiere of a brand new song announced by the artist on their website for DDR
Ultramix 3. Spray. I am gothic.
Death inside, candlelight, night is there in gloom
I'm just now cruising, I'm considered a dream
So far it's dark, can't you feel my pain?
All are all the same, say I should make my way
Cast a ghost brain to the center of my heart
I am hopeless and found
I am selfish, I am frail
I am scary, I am sane
I am loner, I am cold
I feel special when people come following me
I don't like your band, I don't put any effort in it, it's just how I am, I'm disturbed,
I feel hurt, I'm intense, that's me
Writing poetry in ecstasy
I'm a mythic before I study the above
Just admit you're terrified
I am conflict, I am hell
I am scary, I'm insane
I'm a loner, I am cold, I feel faster when people go cold
I am perfect, I am fair, I am scary, I am sane
I'm a loner, I am cold, I feel better when people come for me
I am public, I am pale, I am scary, I don't study, I'm a loner, I am cold, I see a factor
When people throw songs
I am coming
I am terrible
I am scary
I'm insane
I'm a loser
I am cold
I am the best
I am the best
I am dolphin, I am cradle, I am scary
I am scary, I am strange, I am wrong, I am cold
I feel better when people don't know
I am complex, I am dead, I am scary, I am strange
I am loner, I am whole
I didn't think you'd let me go, don't you?
The world premiere here on Orange Lounge Radio, that brand new song from DDR UltraMix 3 as
announced by the artist on their website, Spray with I Am Gothic, the 2003 single mix.
Alright, so there you have it.
Now remember that that song, if you thought it was a little long, don't forget that they
do edit those songs down when they're put into DDR, so if you thought it was long, don't
worry, they're going to cut out some of the extra parts there and just have the meat of
the song in the game.
So Loki, what did you think?
I am gothic.
It was okay.
Yeah?
Okay?
It was okay.
It's okay.
I was laughing my ass off when I found out about this a little earlier this week because,
That's because of how it fits into everything we've been talking about on the show lately.
I know.
I was cracking up.
We're psychic.
Anyway, the artist spray, I actually think they are very funny.
Here's the interesting thing about the band Spray.
I was kind of perusing through their website where they announced this fact that they're
going to be in DDR Ultra Mix 3.
And if you look at it and they talk about who they are, they are related to Ricky and
Daz, who were formerly, let's see, Ricky and Daz were Space Cats, right?
You've got to help me out here, because I can't keep trying to realize this.
Ricky and Daz were Space Cats, and then Space Cats used to be Bus Stop at one point, right?
So believe it or not, can we get him a mic, look, give him a mic.
So wait, am I right here?
Ricky and Daz were Space Cats who were Bus Stop.
Yes, exactly.
Right.
Now here's the deal.
Ricky, it says Ricardo, who is one of the folks that's in this band, Spray, is one half
of pop production legends Ricky and Daz. Funny thing about Ricky and Daz, they're actually
showing up in Neon FM with the Rhinestone Cowboy song. So it's really weird how this
is all relating together, but when I kind of tie that to Bus Stop, it's like, wow, because
that song sounded nothing like anything you would ever expect to hear from Bus Stop, so
that's very interesting. I was having the Sandstorm flashback, so...
Zachary you weren't a big fan of the song or it's all right it just generic
well don't forget that it's gonna get cut down a little bit as well so it'll
be even more generic no but the parts that go on and on will be cut down okay
I didn't care for much of it honestly I mean it was okay I'd listen to it in the
background but I've heard better hmm I I'm totally digging it I think it's
gonna be probably one of the songs that's as hot as skulk in the mix I
I don't know, maybe I'm just being premature, because I mean, we don't know that many songs
in the mix yet, but I don't know.
We found out Skulk pretty early last year too, and that turned out to be one of the
best songs.
Skulk.
Bib Spray is my new echo image right now.
Really?
Yeah.
Awesome.
You know me, and you know me and Echo Image.
Yeah, that's pretty big.
Some of the lyrics in the song, let me read you some of the lyrics from I Am Gothic.
Step inside, candle lights in my depressing gloom.
I'm just no brooding teen, I'm considered abstruse.
so spares being dark can't you feel my pain people are all the same they
isolate my ways catch the ghost train to the center of my heart then the dark
will rise again I am potent I'm profound then the clouds will part here's the
chorus I am gothic I am pale I am scary I'm insane I'm a loner I am cold I feel
special when people don't phone yay so I can't I can't get it is it like there
They're satire of goth bands or are they poking fun at themselves or what?
I don't know.
I think it's just a satire because anything that's synthpop is now seeming to be labeled
as goth and they are definitely synthpop so they might be making fun of that.
Actually I went ahead, I like that song so much actually, I really really dug that song
so I liked it so much I went and bought the album which they also have available on iTunes
and there's some great songs on there.
They also have a song called, now see Jamie would like this, and she's not in the room
right now.
I'll have to tell her when she comes back.
But they have a song called, I Kill With My Car.
Read a lyric.
You want to hear a lyric from I Kill With My Car?
Rubber on tarmac, grip the wheel, cold chrome heartbeat, stainless steel, come on baby,
take that step, in front of me in certain death, I kill with my car.
And then there's another great song on there called, Fashion Stigmata.
Stigmata is great because it has singing children in it. Yeah, little British children that sing.
Let me play, I guess I'll play little clips of these songs here real quick. Let me play
like a little clip of I kill with my car here, so you guys can get a feel for this.
You see where that, I don't know, it strikes me as like, I want to see like an old woman
driving a car with that blaring on... They're poking fun at the goth thing, but they're
goth themselves so it's like they're just I don't know I think Jamie said
something when she was in here earlier it kind of seemed to make sense it's
like they are making fun of how people make fun of goths or something I don't
know other song titles on the CD I keep missing the love boat and leave it to
the girls boys all right one more little clip for you guys here this is from that
fashion stigmata song because I think this song is freaking funny fashion
I'll try and get a clip.
Give all your body, that's how it's all wrong
We're just a few friends, we're just a few friends
Give all your body, that's how it's all wrong
Oh, God, well, she could get really quite the same
Collections change, my scars are made, and my knees are now out of shape
And I'm being sued by
Alright, so there you go.
I just can't get into this.
You can't get into it?
No, I like the titles, but I just can't get into the songs. They're awful.
awful. You know, we had to look... It's like an Uwe Voll movie. I mean, come on. It's like,
it's like... Oh, that's harsh. That is harsh. It's like a good concept, but executed poorly.
No, it's awesome. What's great is that they have a song called Child of the 80s, which
is very similar to the I Am Gothic song, because it's like poking fun at like, you know, reminiscing
of the 80s and everything. And we could have sworn when we were listening to the song for
the first time that it was saying, suddenly everybody rapes me because I'm a child of
the 80s but it's actually rates me it's where that little accent comes into play
all right so there you go there you have it I hope you enjoyed check them out I
personally recommend the band spray but it really depends on you know what you
want make a talk I don't know is there anything you can tell us further about
spray probably not but only personal thoughts on the band but you know I
think they're my new echo image which means they're awesome and you can't say
anything about him in the game, huh? NDA. Which is a yes! Which is a yes! Oh frat!
Apparently I can say something. You can neither confirm or deny what they're saying on the
website. Exactly. Well, I'm going to confirm it. No idiot would say that their song is
in CD-R and then it's suddenly not there because they would look ass-tastic. But at least they
got their song played on our cruddy little show, so hey! That's true. That's true. But
it makes sense. I mean, I don't know if this is like a different drum because they're technically
not on the different drum label. They're on this ninth wave records. I think it was ninth
wave. I want to say what's the name of the label. They're on some different type of record
label. So it's technically not a different drum. So it makes me think it's a license
song. And you can't tell me. You're no help as to which one it is. But I kind of see if
it is a license song. If we're following that little six degrees of DDR here going from
bus stop to Space Cats to Ricky and Daz to Spray, it makes sense
how we ended up from point A to point B. So, there we go.
I'm curious what our chat room folks thought of that.
They probably hate it.
They're fickle. Some folks were saying...
They were talking about Max in there. What?
We did not pay attention, chat room. People don't come to the chat room to actually listen to the show.
They go there to talk about, you know, other stuff, but, yeah, interesting.
This reminds me of Bloodhound Gang's Discovery Channel song.
Who said that?
Reznor, this guy, just called us in there.
No, I don't know who he is.
I guess I can't make fun of him if I don't know who he is.
But you did say earlier, when we were listening to this album in the car, you said it sounded
like Eiffel 65, who did a remix of that song.
One of the songs, the very first track on the CD, sounds a lot like Eiffel 65, and it's
It's not a bad thing, because if you got over Blue, and you actually had their CD, it was
a pretty good CD.
So...
Alright.
Hi, Dark Sakura.
You missed our chat about the band...
Good.
No.
They have a song.
I was waiting for you.
I was busy holding back the flood and getting two of every animal.
Okay.
I know it.
There's a song called, I Kill With My Car.
I need that.
See? He was telling me about it.
I knew she would come around as soon as she found out about it.
Your roommate was telling me about it.
I'm sorry listeners, but I have to do this for Jamie. I have to play the clip again, you guys. I have to do this.
and
i'd like to know a whole lot of candy that so maybe it's just the remix it
because that was a remix the one that's gonna be an area that he stands for me
that the original version of song is amazing it's it's uh... very what you
say in the car edward scissor happened yeah i think that i think that the
beginning of the song i don't think that sounds like a good time
at the original something else against me
now the president of the inner charity should just name your car killer i mean
it's still the death of the right
all right enough about the band spray report about enough but we hope they
enjoy their 15 minutes while being in DDR. But you know what? Really, I haven't heard
an album that made me laugh and just... I just really liked it. I really did. It's everything
I like about music. It was synth-pop and it was funny. I mean, seriously, how can you
go wrong? They have a song about, it sounded like being a stalker and then committing suicide
and killing the other guy as well so you could be together forever. And that was pretty awesome.
Alright, let's go to a break, and in this break, I'm in a very Akira mood this break,
so I think we need to do some Akira Yamoka this break, so we're gonna do that, and then
we're gonna come back and get into this nice cage match, and we'll take another call on
Skype, if anybody's willing to call in, so I'll take a poll and chat and see if somebody
wants to call in on Skype.
We'll take your calls, get to the cage match, get to the FUs of the week, and all the other
gaming news we can dig up after this break.
Akira!
Take a look at me, I'm a virgin
Look at you, I don't want to make you feel
I'm all built for being a bitch
And I'm making up a deal
How do you feel?
Let me through, let me through
Hello, you and I, we love you, we love you
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
With the cynical boom in the back
I say Friday, Saturday, every day
Let me do, let me lose
Let me do, let me lose
Oh, you make love more like me, more like me
Are you here now?
This got too forever, the grain blast blows and the wind is dancing
It would be a much better fight, with you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supplies settle through
And they gave me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel a toy in me
Just smile, but now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be
Such a crazy affair, no
And who has time for tears?
Never thought I'd sit around
Round and round all your love
it you missed it we premiered a brand new song from DDR UltraMix 3 it was
spray I am gothic when we were talking about the band spray for a little while
and maybe after after like at the very very end after the afterbirth we'll play
it one more time for those of you guys that missed it so stick with us and
we'll play it again for those of you guys that missed it is your mic on and I
also reminded people on DDR freak that you know because I told them what it was
was, and I reminded them that they can listen to it also on our rewinds that are on Friday
on DDR Freak Radio.
Very nice.
Good plug.
Actually, the rewind for this week won't show up till next Friday, because there was a boo-boo
and one of our shows got delayed, so we're a week behind again over there, so yeah, if
that makes any sense.
Well, actually, this show will be on there next Friday, so whatever.
But look for it.
should, you know, always listen to the rewinds so you can relive your favorite OLR moments.
That's right, they'll hear us talking about gothic stuff and they'll think that we were
hinting at the song the whole time.
I swear we weren't.
We really weren't.
I don't know how long...
Spray doesn't have dates as to when they do updates on their site, so we don't know when
they put that up there, but it probably wasn't that long ago.
I figured out the connection too.
Oh!
What is the connection?
the record label, which is quite small, called 9th Day or something, 9th Something Records.
Anyways, they're a teeny, teeny, tiny label, and they only have a few artists, which all have really horrible web pages, except for Spray.
And they're actually sold by none other than a Denver Drum.
Oh, so I think you found the connection there then. Interesting.
which means it's probably not a licensed song
since if we ask miklotov he'll just say NDA which could mean yes
he's grabbing for a microphone
oh you look like you're grabbing for a microphone
why are you even here?
wait miklotov he wants a mic
I'm here because I wanted to get drunk last night and I succeeded
He drunk himself black.
Alright. DarkSacker, are you going to say something?
I think that someone needs to make a mention
of the times for the rewind.
I would love to, but I think it's six o'clock, I think?
I don't know very well. You know what, though? I will check DDR Freak's schedule
just for you guys right now, and have a look-see. In the meantime,
DarkSacker, if you want to plug some other shows that we have on Orange Lounge Radio?
Yeah, I'd like to plug one. Where's my gun? No, I mean...
I do public the volume on Tuesdays with a music request show, except no one requests anything,
except randomly going, we want to hear this song! And I don't have it, so I tell you to send it to me.
Oh yeah, back to the show.
Pre-show starts at a quarter to seven. Official time is seven.
The show starts at 7.30, I go to 10.30 supposedly, except I've been kind of going overboard since
I've been working a later shift at work the next day, so you never know I might go to
3 AM.
Very nice.
And I play a lot of good music.
It isn't necessarily video game.
There are, and I know I keep saying this, but there are some new shows coming to Orange
Lawn very soon.
I will be coming back with a new show.
Skye's voiced the game.
I will be coming back with a new show very soon.
I'm looking forward to it. It's going to be a little different from outside the box, but
I think it'll be cool. You guys will dig it. I also know that there's
another project that doesn't involve any of us. I know it's
being worked on, and we're waiting to see what it sounds like
to see if it's airable, but it should be interesting.
I think we should play it even if it's not airable. Either way, it should be interesting.
There's also another show that I brought up.
Yeah, you've mentioned this before.
Um, it's...
I'm moving...
Okay, first of all, background.
I'm moving to a new house, so it won't be there for a couple weeks.
Um, but there will be a show hosted by Dan.
As in, my Dan.
And his crazy GameStop buddies.
That should be very interesting.
GameStop talk!
It's going to...
We're in the only gaming store!
It's going to basically be a...
When the new stuff comes out, his show goes up, he can get it that day and play it for
you even early.
So that'll be very, that's going to be very cool.
So something to look forward to.
So we are branching out because I know my new show's going to be General Gaming as well.
That's going to be very exciting, his show.
We've also talked about other things, but yeah.
There is definitely coming something to the station as soon as next week that's very exciting.
It's not a live talk show, it's something else, but it's very exciting nonetheless.
So I think so anyway.
It'll be fun.
show, if nothing else. I'm doing a special show later on, too, that's going to be fun
and have nothing to do with our normal shows, but it just fits because it's nerdy and geeky.
It's old school nerdy. I mean, like, old, old school. So, it should be a lot of fun
and a little retro there. So, actually, for those of you that like old school, you are
going to love the announcement we have this week. Hopefully, this week it's done. You
are going to love this announcement. Oh, yeah. You will poo your pants. Maybe not, but maybe.
That's good.
Quite awesome.
It's great.
Alright.
Anyway.
So enough talking.
Oh, I was going to mention too.
Our website is awesome.
You should go check it out.
In fact, we've got a story now about Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories with pictures.
Yeah, that's my pictures.
Rockstar is ripping them off other people's sites, but not us because we rock.
So we have pictures for you.
Go check them out.
It's pretty.
We also have the final pictures from 583.
E3.
They're all up too.
Am I in any of them?
No, but a slime is.
Yes, I finally got off of my ass and put up all the galleries.
How many pictures total from E3 did you have?
About 700 something.
Let me take a look, I'll add them up.
Talk about something.
You can talk about how awesome I am?
You are awesome.
I am such a whore for the camera.
Mostly awesome.
Just kidding.
I thought your story earlier was really funny about, because you came in here and you said,
I was Noah and I had to collect two of everything and clean up the flood.
You were actually being serious because my roommate spilled a gallon of water on the
floor in the kitchen, so she really was gone during the whole spray thing.
It's a problem.
Yeah, I was getting sprayed.
Thank you.
Yeah, my roommate sprayed water all over the floor, so it works.
These are the kind of hints you're supposed to do before the songs are announced, people.
That's alright.
Alright.
Okay.
Okay, Friday has 104.
And Thursday...
Which, by the way, like 20 of them are the PS3.
So you can check out the PlayStation 3 from, like, every conceivable angle, because Dark
Sakura got it all.
I put five pictures of the, five of the best pictures on the story that I did, which I'll
go back and link in the chat room.
Just an overview though, all the PS3 stuff is on Fridays.
Gunstar Superheroes, Magic Online, Kingdom Hearts, that's on Thursday, I have 263 images,
various stuff.
I also got the new Dead to Rights for PSP on the Thursday one, and, oh crap, I just
lost the page.
Oh, there we go.
Yeah, this is brilliant radio here.
And then for...
Rob, where are your pictures?
They're not up yet. I was just about to say, my pictures are still not up yet. I didn't take quite nearly as many as Jamie. I think I have maybe about 100 total.
273 for Wednesday.
Including pictures of army parachuting.
But what I do have in my picture gallery that I will be putting up soon is I have pictures of booth babes.
Because nothing says love into those booth babes like a gay man running around E3 with a camera.
So you can look forward to that.
I have something that tops that.
What's that?
I have a sexy picture of Shane.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
A sexy picture of Shane?
Right here.
If you ever wanted to know what Miklotov looked like, you can go to the gallery right now and see.
There's actually a full page of PlayStation 3.
That's pretty funny.
Oh, wow, there really is.
It's kind of blurry.
All right, anyway.
You're doing the thumbs up.
Oh, awesome.
Okay, I'll have a couple.
All right.
Rob also has another picture. It's a sexy picture of me hugging Mario.
I have a story from E3, actually. How Dan scared the living shit out of Miyamoto.
How's that?
He got up with this thing to be autographed, and just as Miyamoto was getting up to leave,
he puts his hand on his shoulder, and he gives him this look of utter horror.
And then Dan goes, thumbs up with a big ol' grin, and then he started laughing.
So yeah, he saw him dancing.
Wow. Anyways.
Okay. Yeah. New subject, yes?
Alright, we're moving on. Let's go.
New subject. How about the cage match, boys and girls?
How about?
Alright.
Woohoo!
Tonight's cage match, the way it works, three songs put into battle.
You guys in the chatroom get to vote for your favorite song,
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's
Bomani Music and Video Game program, which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
on this stream when we are not here.
All right.
The song that is the current victor is a song that has been in the victory
circle for two weeks now.
It's halfway to retirement.
We haven't had a retired song in quite a while, so this might be, I'm sure Jamie
would be thrilled, being the fangirl that she is, to get this song retired.
it has to happen with your guys's help and you know Loki and I are gonna do our
best to take it out so yeah yeah we'll see all right I don't know tonight I
know what I picked and I know that your very last minute I don't think we're
gonna be giving this song much competition tonight but you never know
all right so here it is song number one a clip of last week's winner you only
get to hear clip because you've heard this song already it's the gorillas and
And the song is their next single from the album, Demon Days.
It's Dare.
Hold me now there, jump in the moment when you see it
Jump back and forth, I feel like you were there
Let's get out
You've got the pressure on you, you just listen That's what you do, baby, hold it down, yeah
Jump back and forth, I feel like you were laying yourself, working out
Never did no harm, never did no harm
All righty, that was song number one, two weeks, going for a third win tonight, Gorillaz
with Dare.
Alright, we don't get to rate that song. We're going right into the next one because it already won, so you already know it's good.
Alright, the next song is my pick and I'm being really adventurous with my pick tonight because I really think that you guys are going to kind of be really weird with this one.
But um, you know, I don't I don't know what to say like
This artist is somebody I would never consider putting putting in the cage match
but the production values on this song are surprisingly really good and to take a person like this and
to produce a song
that is
Kind of infectious in a way. It's kind of impressive to me
So therefore I'm giving it a cage match spin to see what you guys think of it
And it was co-written by the chick from poor non blondes, which I think is cool. So cuz she's cool
All right. So here it is the artist
Brace yourself now don't hate this song just after I say the artist. The artist is Kelly Osbourne and
This song is one word. Okay, so give it a chance
Don't hate it just yet because it's kind of dancey check it out Kelly Osbourne one word here on the cage match
See even my computer doesn't want to play it here. Let's try this again kids
This is Kelly Osborn with one word here in the cage match.
One word breaks the code of silence Silence tells me all I need
One word breaks the code of silence Silence tells me all I need
One word breaks the code of silence
Silence tells me all I need to know
One word, one word
Tells me everything I need to know
One world driven into madness
Madness driven by the depths below
One word, one word
Tells me everything I need to know
It's not the way that I want it
It's just the way that I need it today
It's not the way that I want it
It's just the way that I need it today
Wasn't mine, cause a thousand stories
The greatest stories ever told
One lie, one lie
Tells the greatest stories ever told
One man can't predict the future
A future journey into outer space
One man, one man
A future journey into outer space
It's not the way that I want it It's just the way that I need it
After that, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
It's just the way that I need it today
It's not the way that I want it
All right, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, Kelly Osbourne.
One word.
And now we get one vote from each person, actually not a vote, but one judgement, one
judgement from each person here in the room.
Dark Sockra.
Um, well I heard this in your car last week, and I liked it, it's okay, it is though really
repetitive, and she doesn't really sound like herself through all the synths and everything,
which I guess might be a blessing in disguise.
I think so.
Um, it would be a background song for me, honestly.
I'd give it a seven.
I'm being really nice, I'd give it a seven.
Me personally, I think it's great.
Kelly Osbourne, okay, the rock thing really didn't work for her, so she can't sing so
well, so let's find a genre that fits perfectly for people who can't sing that well.
Let's revive 80s New Wave, it works great.
So I like it, so I give it an eight for 80s.
Loki, she needs to get her dad to fucking sing with her, because at least that would be cool.
Honestly.
I have a music file of Ozzy Osbourne doing Stayin' Alive.
Oh my god, that was fucking awesome, I heard that.
That was great.
That was great.
I gotta bring that in.
All aboard the disco chain!
Hello.
I'm bringing that in.
One word, one word.
Oh, one word?
One song.
It was okay.
It was just kind of, it was very boring.
and I don't like Kelly Osbourne at all, and um, it was just kind of eh, it was just, I don't know,
she could keep doing that same genre because it's not as bad as like say, I don't know, um,
Lala or something like that, you know, I know that's not Kelly Osbourne, but just as bad,
and trying to be rock. That one? Yeah, oh yeah, okay. This 80s, this, not 80s, this pop rock
crap that they're doing now, not good, okay, just crap, but it's good to see you're going
in a new direction, so I guess they give it a second. Alright. Miguel Ataz, something
you can talk about tonight for once. Kelly Osborn, one word. It was okay, um, kinda boring.
I think that's the theme. Uh, six. Alrighty. Let's get into song number three. It's Loki's
song and he refuses to tell me the name, so he will be doing the introduction. I will
be doing the introduction. Now this song, it's a remix I actually finished today, um,
I've been, you know, doing remixes now that I've got, you know, a Myspace, you know, community thing going here, so, um...
I did two remixes today, one of them being a remix to Dropout, which we're not playing, and the other remix is to Skulk!
This is Echo Image Skulk with, um...
Oh god, what the hell was the name of this? It was...
Nobody Understands Mix, that's what it was.
Okay, so this is Skulk, the Nobody Understands Mix.
Exactly.
Interesting, alright.
Any, uh, you want to talk about what you mixed it with, or later?
It's just, it's a lot of different versions of Skulk kind of put together, and also some other songs and stuff.
There's some things I would have loved to do to it that I couldn't do,
and so, you know, I see all the flaws in it, you know, going into it, but it's-
Way to sell it.
Hey, I'm sorry, okay, because I don't want to just, you know,
pop-out mixes that are just something you're going to see on BomaniStyle, you know, like
some of the crap that's on there. So I'm really picky on the stuff that I want to release
out there on the internet. That's why the dropout thing's not ever getting released
on the internet. But we'll hear that later. Anyways, this is Echo Image, Skulk, the No
No one here to stand, mix.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's like the fragment of my soul
It's the end, that's where I've become
I'm falling like I always have
Make me take control
I'll be no different than she
Making me feel like I'm back now
All right, Loki there, remixing Echo Image with Skulk, the nobody-understood
Let's see if the judges, us, were able to understand it, or we just didn't get it.
Dark Sakura.
It was overall good.
I think that the music over Shadow, it was imbalanced versus the lyrics.
It was actually pretty imbalanced.
I thought that the beat itself on the first measure could have,
could have at the beginning of every measure could have been a little bit
more subdued because I started getting headache which is how I do it whenever
any song does like that is so it doesn't matter what song it is it was so solid
with a little tweaking it could be a 10 so I go right now I give it a 7 and a half
bogey exact same thoughts because they have the same problems trying to pull
just you know vocals out of there can't really do that if i don't have a vocal track but i work with
what i got so you know i give it a nine um i you know i would think that loki and echo image
colliding would be like an instant 10 but for me like some of it was just like too busy like the
middle part of it was like too much like i think i felt the jamie thing was like oh my god there's
like too much here um but i think for what he had to work with loki did an amazing job i think what
it is is it's the beginning of a really really good mix and if Loki could get
the original samples and stuff he could clean it up a lot and it would totally
like just blow us all away it's hard because when you're working with like
three or four different tracks that once mixed in together on top and only one
has a vocal track pulling the vocals out there is impossible and I've tried the
best I could to like subdue the other tracks while I have a vocal track going
but it's like extremely extremely hard to do and that was like the best I can
it after a couple hours today. I do have a piece of advice in general though. You know
those drum beats that get louder as they go? You use those quite a lot. Yes, I recognize
that too in this song. You use that in every single mix! It's just temporary stuff. Alright.
You know what though? It's a start to something absolutely brilliant. I think that a simple
crescendo would be good. These people should be contacting you to remix their stuff. 7.5.
It reminded me a lot of the extended mix that is on Amazon.com that when people first heard
about Skuld they were downloading and thinking it was going to be in the game.
Not overly fond of that one, but it was still decent nonetheless, 7.
Alright let's recap kids, it's not up to us, it's up to you, here are the three songs you
get to vote for tonight in tonight's cage match.
Song number one you can vote for tonight is Dare.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Kelly Osbourne with One Word.
Alright, and song number three you can vote for tonight is Echo Image, uh, remixed by
Loki, Skulk, the Nobody Understands mix.
Alright, place votes now! Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote for
song number one, song number two, or song number three. Or you can call them by the
artist or name. I'm not retarded. I'll be able to figure it out either way.
We should play my other song since it's on the CD.
We will get to that. However, I want to give you a chance to talk about what's going on
in these systems.
In this scene. Nothing. And sadly enough, you know, I wish I had something to talk about,
but there is nothing. So instead, I'm going to talk about something else, and that's diverse
systems, D9s coming out. I still haven't figured out a way to actually be able to order the
rest of them, since their English page only goes up to D6, which I have everything from
that back. So, I'm gonna maybe try, because I hate experimenting with sending them money,
especially since there's that language barrier there. I'm gonna try to order something that's
not on their order page, that's on the Japanese order page, and see if they said it anyways.
And hopefully they do. If that's the case, because there's a lot of CDs I gotta catch
up on the whole D7, D8, and then since D9 was announced, and then there's, you know,
Hello, was it, Hello Mr., was it Desire, and Hello Mr. Taka, I think, or something like
that. So, those we still need to get, but they've announced the stuff for D9 already,
and there's a lot of remixes from 9th and 10th style in it so far, so it should be interesting.
Alright, so that's pretty much it for The Sim Scene?
Yeah, there's nothing going on. I checked all the FoodMix stuff. No new releases or anything yet.
Probably you'll see the actual FoodMix release in about a month or so from now.
It'll be coming. It's coming soon. But stuff like that is worth the wait.
Too bad none of our listeners were listening to Diversion. Or else we could keep playing this stuff.
You know, I will still also give it credit here on orange launch radio live, so we'll do it
Anyway, what we're going to do. We are going to play the other Loki remix while you guys send in your votes right now for cage
match and
Then when we come back Dark Sakura has something completely different for you guys in a in a new segment
I don't know what we can call this segment, but Dark Sakura is gonna the
WTF news the WTF report brought to you by Dark Sakura, so she'll be giving you that when we come back from this
Loki, you want to give this one an introduction?
Yeah, this is a B-side, basically. It's a remix that I did. I finished it just because it didn't turn out as good as I thought it was going to be.
So, this is a B-side remix of Dropout. I don't really have a title for it. It's just kind of interesting.
The problem with it is, for one, I couldn't do much with Dropout and the song.
And when I slowed the first song down to be about dropout speed, it didn't sound right.
So you can listen to it, it's okay, but it's never going to be on the internet to download.
So this is the dropout B-side mix, I guess.
I guess.
Because it's about, it's like, you know, like how we did, what was it, Acid, that one time.
It was an okay remix.
It's not anything I'd be proud of or like be out there, you know, saying, hey, look
at what I did.
This is just like, kind of, okay, I did it, you know, I started it, I finished it just
to get it done, so then, you know, moving on.
Is this on the MySpace?
No.
Okay.
Plug your MySpace, though, for folks that are into this, if they like your Echo Image
Mix and they like this.
If they like the Echo Image Mix, when it's done, finally, it will be on my MySpace page,
which is MySpace.com slash Loki Fusion, all one word, and you can check it out, you can
rate MySpace.
How many friends do you have now?
I have about 17 friends.
Woohoo!
people that I've, they're just random people. Good. So that's kind of neat. But yeah, Myspace.com
slash LowkeyFusion. You can check it out. I made a little cool banner for it and then,
and my page doesn't look too bad. So it's pretty nice. Check it out. Right now we've
got the Ecstasy remix because it's one, that's my favorite. We've got the Battle Without
Honor or Humanity, the 88 Severed Limbs mix which is on there. We also have, which some
Some people were saying they couldn't find before, the Radical Faith Final Judgment mix,
I think is what I called it.
And that's on there as well.
Alright, so check it out.
Here it is.
The premiere of Dropout, probably the only time you'll hear this.
Yeah, this is the B-side of it.
Dropout, the B-side mix, by Loki.
Enjoy.
Bring it back!
I'm a thief!
I'm telling the truth!
I'm a thief!
I'm a thief!
We have controlled the factory.
We have controlled the factory.
Ready but they can't, ready but they can't, ready but they can't
Ready but they can't, ready but they can't, ready but they can't
Ready but they can't, ready but they can't
Ready but they can't, ready but they can't, ready but they can't
Ready but they can't, ready but they can't, ready but they can't
I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it
Why I'm not going to put that up on the internet.
Yes, Loki?
I said you can see why I'm not going to put that up on the internet.
Some of the folks in the chat room kind of dug that one.
Uh huh.
It's okay.
It's just, it's nothing I'd be proud of, so.
Alright.
Whatever.
Alright, uh, Dark Sakura, while I tally up the cage moats, make cage moats, cage match
moats over here.
Kage Mooch. Yes, love that Kage Mooch. She is going to bring you the WTF report, where,
you know, it's just a story that you could only find somewhere out there on the internet.
So, Dark Sakura, what do you have to share with us in the WTF report?
There's an article, actually I found this on DDR Freak, but it was on Yahoo News about
international robotics show that they do in Japan. It's at the Aichi World Expo in
Nakagure. Anyway, they had their a humanoid robot with a skin-like substance,
a working mouth full torso, it moves as though it's breathing, it sits as and
acts as a tour guide. But apparently the robot was so realistic looking that
They were pretty much afraid of it, you know, what does this represent for the future?
So I'm going to post a link to a, there's actually a good slideshow from the whole thing,
so I'm going to post this picture.
And you should look through the slideshow.
They have ballroom dancing robots.
They have robots that will do your kitchen deeds for you.
They show pictures of the bomb squad robots, which I've actually, they have employed in Israel already.
The question that everybody wants to know, though, was she a pleasure model?
You know what?
Shut up.
I've actually seen this. This was on M-Gadget earlier this week. It was pretty cool.
The whole thing about the robots, too. They had a captioning contest for the picture with the two ballroom dancing robots, and that was funny.
What are these strange looking gloves the robot has on her hands?
Maybe it's to prevent those types of things.
I don't know.
Maybe her hands are just not finished yet.
But you know, the thing is that I saw this when I was thinking about the movie that I
saw last night.
High robot or what?
No.
I went to go see, well I don't want to spoil it because it's going to be on sci-fi in a
couple months, but I went to see Bruce Campbell showing his new movie doing like a 40 theater
tour in the United States of a film he did in Bulgaria called The Man with the Screaming
Brain based on the Dark Horse comics. But the thing is that it's hard for me to say
this because there is an android moment in the movie, and the robot just made me flashback
since I saw it last night. You know what that robot reminds me of, and
it's completely not having to do with robots at all? It reminds me of this really crappy
Japanese show called Hey Mikey where it's all with mannequins not you know
like the little you know puppets or whatever we're talking full-size
mannequins it was creepy as hell I gotta buy that DVD because that was kind of
like today's special I hate to bring up the Nickelodeon thing too special but
today's special was the mannequins were coming to life I remember the 80s movie
mannequin yeah so I think it mannequin too is bad mannequin too was the first
one was actually kind of good stay away all right what's this face in it with
the hair so you really in ten years one of us could be replaced with a robot I'm
I if it is whether because that robot is very realistic looking that's kind of
scary their robots could walk among us it's like science fiction maybe one day
can replace my wife with a robot. How do you know they don't already? How do you know they
don't already? How do you know they don't already? Bad joke. Yeah, the ferret lives
among them. Here's how I know they don't already, because there's too many retarded people out
there, so. Honestly. Bad programming. They haven't got it right yet. Maybe the robots
are meant to do that. I have to program to make-live my sister. No, no, no, no. There's
There's a difference between being a full on physical robot and just being a walking
automaton.
You know if they cloned a sheep first, maybe they will make a robot of the pleasure sheep
first.
You know what?
Would having sex with a pleasure sheep be just as shameful as sex with a real sheep?
I think more so.
I love animals.
But it's not a real sheep.
Mikotov, you love sheep.
Do you love animals?
or one of my three phobias. It's really sad.
Oh, what are the other two? Flying bugs and water.
That's four then. Flying bugs, water, and sheep.
That's three. Flying bugs, water, and sheep. No, flying bugs.
Oh, like those huge Brazilian cockroaches.
You don't want to go to Alabama, though, because my mama got chased down the hall by a flying Brazilian
cockroach. It was really nasty. Yeah, what happens, though, if you find
flying sheep that's insect-like and it happens to be sitting in a pond. I mean, that's just
got to be your worst nightmare right there. Sheep are tasty, that's all I got to say.
Man, lamb burgers, mmm, yummy. Wait a minute, one of your fears is water, Miklazov? He's
saying yes. Then I have to ask, how do I microfest? I have to ask, what do you think of Ultramix
Ultramix 3's theme then.
Ha ha ha!
Bubbles.
Stupid.
Alright.
Ultramix 4, the theme is going to be shiny lights to pick up the mentally challenged
audience.
Because Ultramix 2, did it really have a theme?
It was kind of...
Blue.
Blue was the theme.
Oh, I'm sure that made you happy.
Now we've got Bubbles.
The theme is Dance Game.
This will be Ultramix's theme.
it'll be bubbles and then glitter and then ecstasy. I wonder how many of those Ultramix
games they'll crank out, man. It'll be crazy. Alright, anyway, let's talk about tonight's
cage match winner, boys and girls. The winner of tonight's cage match, it was no small vote
tonight, kids. You guys pretty much voted this one in somewhat of a landslide tonight.
It was song number... three.
Moki remixing Echo Image.
Scope.
How does this win?
Because our chat room has a huge boner for Echo Image and they have a huge boner for
you, so when you put two and two together, they can't contain it at their erection anymore
and it just comes all over.
I wish that it would have lost so that I could put the good one in later.
Oh well.
You know what's funny is I've actually, I was gonna be bringing a different song for
cage match, but I forgot my stupid, you know, the flash drive that I have. And what's funny
is I've tried to bring that song two times, and both times I've forgotten or like something's
happened where it couldn't be rotten. So I'm wondering if I should never submit that song
in the cage match ever. Maybe it's a sign. I don't know. Dark Sakura is showing us. Oh,
that, yeah. The robot up close. Oh, it's scary. Scary stuff. All right. Let's see. Dark Knight
in the chatroom is asking, has Loki's remixes ever took a loss? And I do recall that you
did lose at least once. Oh yeah, a couple times. Yeah. I don't know what it was though.
I am not a very good Orange Lounge radio historian. DDR Angel, who hasn't been here for a couple
weeks, I hope she's alright. I'm starting to worry now, I'm going to call the police
if she doesn't come next week. But she's a very good historian of the show, so when I
have questions I can ask her. The last one I think was, the lose was Legend of the Tran
2005 maybe I
Think that one did lose I do remember that so I didn't really want to enter that one
Anyway, so it's one of those weeks. I still didn't have anything to submit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right
Let's go to a break in this break. We're gonna do just some potpourri
We're gonna do whatever bovani songs we feel like when we come back from this break the F use of the week
So we'll be back after this. We're gonna start off this break with some
Akumajo Dracula Medley from Keyboard Mania. We'll be back after this with the FUs of the
If you want to start sending those in right now, you can. We'll be back after this.
When I began to get so anomaly I still needed to join in
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
We can do whatever we want.
We can do whatever we want.
Feel the heat of vibrations on the streets, no situations.
Don't create complications, a lot of people live in life.
But it's all they did in the fast lane, light the yellow, you can't have the dust lane
I've seen so many blood stains, so many tiles with these rings
To find people, see what's high, I'm saving up like the sky
Keep it real, I'm raking lies, that I find the people at five
This is your life, no keep getting blissable
That's me with the pain, the puppet fist, yeah!
I see you how I feel in this, I'm not so far away from this
Take another dream in this damn thing, Take another chance, don't forget
It's time to say goodbye to that thing
I want you to know, I'm so sorry for you
I want you to know, I'm so sorry for you
I want you alone
I'm ready, you don't need anything
No, it's my time, I need to say
That it's the same for you
You don't need nobody, you can't be me
No, it's the same for you
I can't say it's over, I don't need anyone
Oh
Come on, let's play, play it!
Let's play it!
Gaming Radio, so uncensored
Ooh!
That even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh, Moochawkie.
Orange Lounge Radio.
He should be a foreign correspondent for us. That'd be awesome.
That'd be pretty awesome. I feel naked tonight.
I have all my clothes on. Don't worry. We didn't turn off the webcam because of that.
We turned off the webcam because the webcam was crappy.
Because the room's really dark.
The room's too dark and the webcam's not that good.
So when we get a better webcam, we will bring that back. We promise.
We might even get one of those freaky remote-controlled ones where you could control it during the show.
I'll hide over here.
the cam next to you so that they can't... I can hold the cam? Yeah, you can hold it
so that they can't turn it around to you. I should have like a camcorder. You can get
one of those ones like that you hang on your head. I'll do that crappy MTV style upside
down and shit. Yeah, there you go. There you go. Um, alright, so what we're gonna do now
is uh, we're gonna get into the, oh, the reason why I feel naked, hello, the reason why I
feel naked is because I don't have headphones this week. Um, I broke them last week and
I have yet to go get new ones, I keep forgetting. Like I remember it was probably the day that
I needed new razors, I forgot to get headphones, because I'm a dumbass.
I feel naked.
The parrot still loves you.
I can't hear myself in my ears, and therefore my ego is saddened.
And I forgot to mention earlier that Coach Carter came to my work.
Who cares?
No, no one cares.
But it was cool because he was awesome.
That's good to know.
He was a good speaker.
What was the analogy you said earlier while we were...
He was saying his, well when he introduced his speech by saying it's going to be like
a woman's dress, long enough to cover the basics, but short enough to keep your attention.
Okay, it was cool all the time, I'm just kidding, no it's actually kind of funny.
Alright, let's get into the FUs of the week, FU people.
Jamie, why is it that we have to do the FUs of the week every single week?
Grr.
Argh.
The motherfucker who keyed my car.
I hope you have a plague of gnats inside your testicles.
Also, you know I'm really not too angsty because I love my car.
My car fills me full of joy.
But you know, for you people who think, oh I'm going to pass the lancer, fuck you, okay?
Fuck you.
My car kicks your ass, except for that special edition Corvette that passed me yesterday.
And F you to Krispy Kreme, because yesterday I had my cheat day, and I ate three donuts,
and they were damn good, but I got sick, because sugar makes my stomach hurt a lot.
like being curled up in a ball of fetal crying tears down my face having to go to hospital
type hurt.
And so where I wasn't quite that bad yesterday, it did hurt pretty bad.
Also, F.U. to not hearing anything back about money for my injury, so I might have to seek
an accident attorney so that they'll pay me for the ongoing weakness in my right hip from
my accident.
The F.U. to moving, where I'm glad to be getting out of my crap-hole apartment complex.
It's the whole packing all of my stuff up that sucks.
It makes me a little depressed, too.
But, overall, I think the biggest F.U. for moving is the dust.
I'm gonna lay down the law in the new house.
The house will be regularly dusted.
And that's all.
Let's move on to Loki, if I can here.
game if you keep you know DNS crashing on me so oh well I guess short doses for
Final Fantasy and then finally fuck you to round table for your smokehouse combo
pizza because it was actually pretty tasty but it has barbecue sauce on it so
that just doesn't fit I don't know oh and fuck you to my apartment because the
So, for some reason, it smokes uncontrollably, and I don't know why. We have to figure that out, and that's without anything in it.
That's pretty much all that I have to deal with right now.
Alright, I'm done. Alright, then my turn.
I want to give an F.U. to this show that they have on MTV. First of all, I want to give
an F.U. to the fact that I was even watching MTV at all, but I was really bored. But I
want to give an F.U. to this show on MTV called Next, because it's the biggest piece of trash
I've ever seen in my life. It's so obviously scripted. Like, this is why people hate reality
TV is because of a show like this. And what I really hate is I really hate its portrayal
I've got a couple of gay guys, because it makes them look all like whores, because when they're like ready to speed date or whatever, the guys who are waiting to speed date are all too busy on the bus making out with each other, and I'm like, you're all a bunch of whores.
But to be on TV dating like strangers that you know nothing about is kind of whorish anyway. At least they're giving away money so I can kind of sympathize with them a little bit, because I do crazy shit for money as well.
Well, but f you to MTV for having crappy shows like next.
So that's it.
I think that's my only FU of the week this week.
I've actually had a pretty decent week.
I can't complain.
All right, Mikotov, what do you have for us tonight?
Oh yay, Lion Suki.
I have an FU to NDAs, because oh my god, seriously guys, NDAs suck.
FU to, that sounded like a good oh my god felt like, oh my god, I want to tell you something
but I can't, NDA, FU to the crappy EB employee today, now I have love for EB since that's
where I came from, but EB guy today was just complete jerk and rude, and the GameStop guy
it was just a little better so
as you do
if you don't like
or it's crappy game but i can't stop playing it
because
it was free
if you have to go to work
if you've been drunk but i think is that was painful as funny as it is
it was cool
when i was in pain
Because that drinking game we played, King's Cup, was funnier than anything, until I had to drink a lot during it.
But, yeah.
Ef-what the hell? Who?
N-n-that was just a random thing. I'll tell you later.
Okay.
No, it's Ef-3.
Ef-3 did not know what that is!
Ef-3, the guy with the really long hair who was up there playing DVR.
Oh god!
This is one of his cosplays. I'll put it in the chatroom.
He's at Sunnyville, all the time.
Yeah.
I've seen him as Kai, and FU to him, ruining Kai from Guilty Gear.
I'm not fair.
Alright, let's get to the chatroom after this, shall we? Because our chatroom is especially angsty tonight.
Um, OMGitsdoobs, although he's under the guise of OMGtitsboobs, but whatever.
FU to SSJ100Matt and MPQ for being such whores about my new name, suck it up.
Oh, I was just going to worry about your name too, sorry.
Hey, I came up with that name!
FU to Orlando for being so damn shitty. It's just a waste of 14 hours of my life.
FU to Wangan, I'm sorry.
Wangan, I can't pronounce this word for the life of me.
Wangan, Wangan, Wangan, Wangan?
I think maybe Wangan? He missed a letter then.
Wangan Midnight 2.
Wangan, whatever. That game, the race game.
Because of it, I don't like Initial D Arcade anymore.
And FU to Malaysian people and MMOs because their English is just as annoying as the English of Brazilian people.
That was good and racist.
He also says, oh and F you to O2 Jam for having such bad songs. I hate it.
Moving on, Yuki would like to say, F you to work being so dead today.
Much as the money would help with my credit card payment, I just wanted to be sent home early.
I know the feeling.
Start Tetsuya says, F you to AOL and my phone line. I missed half the show because of it.
America Offline.
DJ Dark Knight says, let me just flat out say it. F you to gas prices. Oh and an F you to work.
SSJ 100 Matt says, F you to real life work for keeping me away from this show and games
in general. F you to emo. F you to the New York Yankees losing. Laugh now, but they will
be back. MPQ says, F you to myself for forgetting about the show last week. LemonLimeJump says,
F you to my town. Period. Reznor says, a nice fuck you to people that think Honda Civics
With blink and outrace anything and another fu to anyone that thinks any NES game sucks because of the graphics
What about bubble bath babes the graphics were kind of shitty in that game and the game could have been a whole lot better
Revenge a game was too damn hard for boobies. Okay, honestly
All right
Illusion says major major major fu to in the groove shipping not an fu to in the groove but an fu to the fact
that I didn't get my copy my friend doesn't order things online so she gave
me her money to order the game for her so both copies of the game were supposed
to ship to my house but only her copy shipped to my house on Friday driving me
mad with anger if you'd only three people going there you get to keep your
copy and she has to wait for hers that's the way it works buddy all right
interesting question in the chat room there vid power says did you know that
Did you know that AOL has a video game radio station?
Did you know that ours is better?
Did you know that we don't give a flying flip?
Did you ever know that you're my hero?
You're everything I wish I could be.
Can you fly higher than the eagle?
I am the wind beneath you.
Stop it! Stop it right now!
God.
Alright.
something from old-school NES but I'll wait I'll wait for another appropriate
occasion to do that um let's see what can we do now we could do some ask
orange lounge we don't have any questions in yet we're yeah we're
starting to run out of show here we're running out of steam and I don't have no
post to the week you know we have another news story do you have something
well I guess we're just gonna talk about other news I know it sucks I have dead
skin on my feet
that's
alert the media
breaking news folks
PSP home brew on version 1.5 PSP
that means all you US people that have been waiting for home brew games
and all the Japanese people have been rubbing in your face
it's coming
it's going to be released supposedly on June 15th
at 3pm
general mountain time
and what's cool about it
All I know is it's coming out in a couple days and that makes me happy because I'll be able to run, like, crappy stuff for the PSP. I'll be able to put all my, you know, Game Boy Advance games on the PSP. How's that for irony?
And then so basically yeah, it's gonna be coming out it'll be cool and they've got me working for it right now
So, you know what? That means I'm gonna try to do. Oh, yeah, that's right. We're gonna be putting on the porno games
Alright all the gals panic I can possibly handle more to look forward on that on the podcast. Yeah, check out the podcast
Yes, check it out. I have to do this story. It's something you actually posted the site earlier this week
this is too damn good I can't believe we haven't brought this up on the show
earlier because we probably could have gone off for about a half-hour on it
you posted something on Tuesday it has to do with dance dance revolution being
mixed with fire yes this now Jamie don't get too excited
this grin on her face got dance dance immolation is the name of the game here
and you can actually go to this website here and the way this works what is
Dance Dance Immolation. It's an adaptation, this is from the website
interpretivearson.com slash DDI, actually is the name of the site here.
Dance Dance Immolation is an adaptation of the popular arcade video game Dance
Dance Revolution, but with fire. Basically you play DDR. When you do well, the
computer shoots big propane blasts up in the air. When you do poorly, it shoots you
in the face with flamethrowers. Yes, you as in your actual body. And yes,
flamethrowers like the kind that are on fire now before you freak out here this
is what they say wait isn't this dangerous before you play you'll put on
a fully aluminized proximity suit with a forced air respirator gloves fireproof
hood the whole bit these are the suits that are used for fighting fires at
airports so basically you suit up and you play DDR but if you screw up you get
shot with fire some more cool some more info on this okay now the website right
now they just have their testing, their homemade flamethrower that they made.
So it's not actually gameplay shots or anything like that.
However, there was another post on the DDR community and LiveJournal, they had some more
pictures of the same thing.
But what's going to be happening is they actually have a computer running StepMania with a Firebase
theme and Firebase songs, like Burning Heat, Burning Up For You, My Fire, stuff like that.
So it's gonna be Rainstep Mania, if you wanna play this, you gotta be going to Burning Man.
How appropriate.
Burning Man, and there's also some Fyre Festival, I guess, in Oberlin or something like that.
I never got Burning Man, like I understand it's a big thing that all these people go
to the desert for.
I don't get it, so to speak.
I don't know if this is representative of what goes on at Burning Man, but let's just
say you aren't selling any tickets with this, okay?
I mean, this is the kind of stuff I would expect to see, like, on Jackass, but, like,
I don't know, even crazier.
I'm just waiting for the lawsuits.
And video.
I don't think there'll be a lawsuit.
I mean, these people probably do this with other crap all the time.
If people are stupid enough to suit up, I'm sure that they have disclaimers out the ass.
I'm not talking about them suiting up, I'm talking about stupid kids lighting themselves
on fire.
Because they see this on TV or something, or they see this in action, they see this
on the internet? I guess, yeah. Well, maybe parents ought to, you know, take responsibility,
keep fire away from their kids. Parents just don't understand, you know. So, very interesting.
If you're interested in fire and DDR, maybe this is the thing for you. Dance Dance, what
was this again? Immolation. Immolation. And of course they have a PayPal link on their
site because you know you couldn't have this without a PayPal link and the
festival that they'll be showing us at the crucibles fire arts festival in
Oakland in July who knew that there was a whole festival about fire Jamie you
should be going to this I would so you know I'm actually on the website right
now I would be afraid that like in order to go they would like shoot you with fire
I know people who've gone oh god that scares me I mean fire is cool and all
but not when it's on me.
All right, I think that's gonna do it for tonight's show boys and girls
Thank you very much for tuning in and listening to orange lounge radio tonight
We got to wrap it up though
We got a lot of stuff to do after the show tonight such as tape a podcast
We know you guys like the podcast if you want to check that out
Www dot orange house radio comm I'm on the orange lounge radio to go edition. Yes, Jamie
I'm going to try to scare the shit out of you in my car. Okay, how so I'm going to drive
All right. Let's go around and get everybody's final thought. Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I hope what they're saying about the PSP is true and that I'll be able
to run homebrew games on Wednesday because I've got, you know, there's not that many
games out I want to buy and the emulators rock, so go homebrew hoping for StepMania
imported to the PSP because
I don't know
because In the Groove needs a PSP version
Miele Tov, your final thought
I like blue alcohol,
blue DS's, and Russian boys
uh... my final thought is um...
I don't have one, I'm sorry, I don't have any... chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp, it's blank
my final thought is reject false icons
and my car owns you all
for the last word of the show one word to sum it all up
thank you for listening everybody
see you next week dark soccer
Lancer
that does it for another episode of orange lounge radio live
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Hey baby, wake up from your sleep.
We have arrived on to the future and the whole world is become
Electronic, supersonic, supersonic, electronic
Hey baby, ride with me away, we doesn't have much time
My blue jeans is tight, so onto my love rocket climb
Inside tank of fuel is not fuel, but love
Above us, there is nothing above but the stars above.
All systems gone, prepare for down count.
Five, four, three, one, off blast!
Fly away, my space rocket.
You no need put money in my pocket.
The door is closed, I just lock it.
I put my co-plug in your socket.
The sun and sky is bright like fire
You and me gets higher and higher
Out of communication bias
Only thing can stop us is flat tire
Hey love crusader, I want to be your space invader
For you I would descend the deepest moon crater
Eyes more stronger than dark vapor
Obey me, I is your new dictator.
For you is Venus, I am Mars.
With you I is more richer than all the stars.
Make our wishes on our shooting stars.
Then for you I will play on my cosmic guitar.
Ladies and gentlemen, fasten your belt, please.
We have commenced our descent.
I trust you enjoy this flight as much as you enjoy this accent.
Now, back on Earth, it's time for down splash.
Into sea of eternal glory my spaceship crash
People have arrived for to cheer me from near and far
And as I float I open door and shout
I am way's biggest washed up superstar
As for sure as the sun rises in the west
Of all the singers and poets on earth I am the bestest
Come let me put the ring of Jupiter on your finger
And like a smell around you, I will forever linger
Okay, it's time for end, no more will I sang
Let me take you back in time
I want for you to experience Big Bang
Long live Space Race
Long live
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
Alright guys, I promised that after the show we would play this one more time.
I'm actually going to play the original version of this, though.
It's very similar to the DDR one, but it's just a little shorter, a little less instruments,
but same idea.
So if you guys didn't get to hear this earlier, you'll still get an idea.
And those of you that did hear it, it's something a little different.
So this is the album version of the new song we announced tonight, because actually, Spray
was the first to announce this on their website, The Artist, I Am Gothic, the original version.
and enjoy.
Step inside the candlelight, my very own gloom
I'm just no crazy, I'm considerate of truth
In the fog, being dark, can't you feel my pain?
People are all the same, they isolate my way
Can't you tell the craziest answer of all?
I am broken, I am found
I am nothing, I am dead
I am scary, I am strange
I am alone and I am cold
I see a way to where the people come from
All the pure and pure, all the pure, yeah
And it won't come very near, dear
It's okay, I'm free, I don't like your fans
I don't put any effort in, it's just how I am
I'm disturbed, I feel hurt, I'm a chance at sleep
Write new poetry, you can definitely read
I'm a missing word, it's not easy to find
Just a missing word to find
I am cold, I am pale, I am scary, I am pale
I'm a lover, I am cold, I see affect when people come close
I am coverage, I am rare, I am scary, I am pretty
I'm a loner, I am cold I see a picture where the people don't fall
I am perfect, I am pale, I am scary, I am sane, I am louder, I am cold, I see what's
I feel better when people don't fall I am your fake, I am failed, I am scary, I'm insane
I ain't no lover, I have a call
I feel better when people don't fall
Okay, there was the original version of I Am Gothic, so it should be an interesting
next few weeks as we start to learn some more, or I should say next few months as we start
to learn more and more of these songs that we will be doing the DDR to.
Till next time, have a good one.
