I, the P.L. Mission
I, the P.L. Mission
It's so easy
A big ol' R&G
We are the ones
Oh, we do it
Do, do, do, do
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Everybody
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
orange lounge radio live episode number one hundred forty five and coming up at
job tonight's episode we're going to talk about greasy bread
yummy teramisu cake
and diet soda
no seriously uh...
i guess it's a little bit of a slow news week but we do have a few stories to
talk about tonight so that'll all be coming up
and of course all your favorite segments uh... how was your week how was your day
the cage match
Will Gorillaz take it two weeks in a row, or will somebody new take it? We'll find out tonight.
All this and more,
Orange Lounge Radio Live, right after this intro.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God.
Show me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Muh-uh-muh-trap-muh-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 140 for this June the 5th of 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
are plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome
co-hosts. In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers. You know her
better as Dark Sakura.
Suicide girls suck!
OMG, I want to kill myself.
Watch me slip.
Who's got a razor?
I'm so emo, watch me slit my wrists and bleed my angst all over the world.
Does anyone actually self-declare themselves as emo?
Like, I hear a lot of-
No, cause that's not cool. I thought emo was like the hip thing to do right now, you know.
But I don't get it because everybody makes fun of emo people. I don't know anybody that's standing up for emo rights.
You know, I don't know anyone that's like saying, you know, I'm emo.
Yeah, but see, the things that you make fun of now are hip, like, next year.
So are you saying that, like, VH1 will do the I love the emo next year?
Yeah.
Remember kids, down the block, not across the street.
Wow, think about that one for a minute.
Alright, also joining us,
Tech Masa, Loki!
I love Pizza Hut.
It's becoming a tradition for you to come over and bring Pizza Hut every Sunday.
I could, well, twice is enough.
I could swear like every week you've been in this new studio you've brought over Pizza Hut.
I've only done twice!
The new studio, by the way, is right across the freeway from a Pizza Hut, Pizza Slut slash
Taco Bell place.
Yeah, it's more like Taco Bell with some pizza.
Yeah, it really is what it is.
Anyway, also joining us tonight, we have a very special guest.
We haven't had many guests in the new studio, so we're very pleased to welcome a staff member
of DDRFreak.com, say hello to Islander!
Hello!
One of the original DDRfreak.com members, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, can you believe that? I'm over five years.
Shit, that's a long time!
I know, it's a very long time.
Oh, you know, before I forget, I need to give a shout-out to, ohmygoditsdoobs, because when I first saw that name, I thought it was, ohmygoditsboobs.
I want to know if that person stole the name from my live journal.
And so I was just like, wow.
And then I think somebody else changed her name to oh my god it's noobs, which I thought was kind of funny, too.
Oh my god it's something that rhymes with oobs tonight.
I have to say one more thing tonight, though.
Okay, what's that?
Happy birthday to Murdock!
Cause he's 39 and ancient.
But that's, in US time, that's actually tomorrow, right? 6-6 of 66?
It's June 6th in the UK, so happy birthday.
Um, isn't he a fictional character?
I can still say happy birthday.
Okie doke.
If Mickey Mouse could have a birthday.
Alright.
Alright, we'll be back after this with more Happy Skippy Orange Launch Radio.
If you want to join our chat room and, you know, hang out with OMG,
it's doobs and boobs and noobs and scoobs and whatever else they come up with.
Head on over to our website, www.orangelaunchradio.com
and click on chat. In this break, we're going to hear some music from Popin' Music Iroha,
also known as Popin' Music 12, because somebody wanted me to play this song last week and
I never got to it. I think it was Siggy or something. I don't even know if he's listening
right now, but I can't say I didn't honor that request. So, what are you giggling at
over there? You're giggling like a little girl. You actually found an animated graphic.
Oh somebody posted in the chat room somebody posted at the chat room that's
brilliant somebody posted a picture for those of you that aren't in a chair
somebody actually posted a picture of a hand showing the razor and it says
remember kids what is that a down the street down the road make it count down
the road not across the street I'm gonna have to find Sherlock's icon that's
beautiful all right we'll be back after this pop of music
Orange launch radio
Oh
It blows in.
You can't take that seriously
It blows in,
It blows in,
You can't take that seriously
It blows in,
It blows in,
You can't take that seriously
It blows in,
It blows in,
1, 2, 3, 4!
One, two, three, four!
you
I look at you and say you're a bad boy
the
orange lounge radio
amani music
and more
we are back here on orange lounge
hi, whoops sorry, getting into a little third mix korean if i'm not careful there
we're back here on orange lounge radio
and that break uh... shizuku
uh... the new star mine remix
uh... the new kiriyama mocha song that was so key hyper rock and uh...
uh... viral kana all from
pop music you know how
or if you're lazy like me to say papa music twelve the technically it's
papa music you know
which some of us got to play we're at e three couple weeks ago and actually went
to a high
you got you check that out right i know i played and i got
i got screwed up because when you go into the game it's not like the old pop
Pop'n Musics, where you have the full song list and you can pick whatever you want, it
kind of starts you off in this dumbed-down mode, I think, more for kids.
Yeah, and you can't choose your speed modifiers and all this bullshit, so I got stuck in that
first.
Yeah, me too.
But I played all the Ani-Me music, and all the... and, uh, Goonies.
Yeah, that's cool.
Well, the Goonies was in Pop'n Musics 10, but...
I went ahead and played the drum line.
Did you?
I thought you hated that remix.
I do hate it, but I had to play it.
Oh, okay.
It was actually pretty fun and easy.
It was actually pretty fun and easy.
is a little scary to I think a lot of people
but I don't know to me it's cute I like it
I think more people should be into it. Hi
we're here on Orange Laundry to episode number 145
somebody in chat told me I said 140 in the opening
oops my bad it's actually 145 tonight. I thought I said
145 but somebody said I said 140.
145 tonight that means we're very close to 150 isn't that scary?
You know what else is this month? The three-year anniversary of this show.
Three years! Come along, let's have that Bart ride, huh?
Seriously, and this show is now old enough to attend preschool.
Yes. You know,
when I was three I had a good vocabulary. And I think that our vocabulary has
grown quite a bit from
shit-fuck-damn, you know.
Oh, I bet I still like my dick and fart jokes.
I still hate burping on the microphone.
It guarantees that the microphone stays in my possession.
And I don't think anybody that was listening to us episode 1
still listens, which is kind of sad.
Wasn't Dark Tetsuya there for episode 1? I think that's about it.
Wasn't he in the room for episode 1?
Yeah, Puppy needs to actually do his correspondent job.
So we do have a few people.
We have some of our old schoolers.
So we'll be having our three year anniversary special thingy sometime this month.
Don't know when yet because I could be out of town one of the weeks this month so we'll see.
Well that's poopy.
Yeah I'm going to be going to LA this month and then actually in August I'm going to be going to the East Coast.
I actually have two trips to the East Coast plan right now which is really weird.
One for work and one for leisure.
One for work and one for leisure, because I planned the leisure one already.
I was going to go to the New York area around Labor Day, and now I'm going to be going to
Pennsylvania in August.
So that's kind of interesting.
I'm sorry.
Well, I heard about, you know, it's kind of empty.
There's not a whole lot there, but I heard about some, like, classic gaming store out
there.
Somebody had sent me a tip over email, so I'm really curious to check that out.
I just hope it doesn't suck, like, a certain classic video game store we have here in town.
Have you ever been there?
They're dead and they became Dan's store so I really wouldn't say anything about that
please.
Really?
Yes.
No, no, no.
There's still one that has that name.
It's gone.
All of them are gone.
They went out of business.
If it's anything, it's Leah's ex-husband.
Wow.
No.
I will give a short history on that one.
Leah, who was the ex-wife partner, went into business with Dan to keep the store alive
And so it became game on, and then she kind of screwed him out because she went to Pocket Lenny because she was dating a rich guy.
Uh-huh.
So, yeah.
But that, it's not the same one I'm thinking of, though.
It's because the one I, I went there like six months ago and it was still that old thing.
Same old logo and everything?
Yeah, same old logo and everything.
That's funny.
I'll have to point out where that is.
That's funny.
They're, they're not that hot, though.
I'm sorry.
Well, they weren't hot to begin with.
All right.
Anyway, sorry.
Hi, inside jokes.
Let's start off tonight's show with a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day?
Where we find out how your week was, as well as your day.
Start, Sakura.
My week was work, and of course having my day off, like all of us who work for a bank
did.
And I really didn't do a whole bunch of anything.
Played some PSO, of course.
Played some Silent Hill, didn't get too far, so I'm actually at the same save point I was
that before. Um, played a lot of Puyo Puyo. Watched Dan beat Fire Emblem. Excuse me. Um,
tried to draw and really couldn't and then I started writing on, um, one of my fanfics
and it was just kind of a dull week. Oh yeah, I still haven't gotten the money for my car,
but that'll be coming up during the FUs of the week. That's really it.
How was your week? How was your day?
You know, I've got to go back to Red Lobster at some point, because there's a waiter there, and I think he's gay, because he was giving us all this free food. It was me and two of my gay friends went over to Red Lobster. He started giving us, like, all this free food and didn't charge us for it. We didn't get charged for drinks. He brought us, like, double sides and stuff.
I want to go with you.
Islander's getting all kind of gay as he says, I want to go with you.
No, I swear, there's like this pink mafia out there and, you know, I'm going to expose
the secret here.
If you get the slightest inclination that somebody at a particular service industry
like, you know, at a store, at a restaurant might be, you know, gay, flirt with them.
Because you'll get a discount or something or you'll, or if they suspect that you're
at least like a gay rights supporter, you can get like breaks and stuff. It's really
weird. That means I need to go into Red Lobster wearing
a shirt that says HAG on it? Yeah. I'll tell you which waiter it is, too.
Okay. I swear there's like a pink mafia out there.
I don't know about that. But anyways, other than that, really, nothing
has been going on. It's pretty much just been work stuff. I know we've got Sardella's people
coming out in the week of the 20th, which I think is a couple weeks away now. So they're
going to come out to which I guess I have to play them at some games or something, kick
their ass, just because that's, you know, standard company procedure. And then today
I went to Pizza Hut and I got two things of breadsticks and the pepperoni pizza, and I've
eaten half of that. I still have one thing of breadsticks left, which I'm debating about
keeping for later on because they're damn good fascinating really it is
fascinating then today I had to build a computer for my sister and I have all I
don't know where half of my motherboards went but I have a lot of crappy computer
parts so she's gonna get a computer that's about comparable with what we
used to run the show on and so the reason I say it's comparable is because
it's almost out of the same parts and really other than that there's not much
What did you think of the new one?
I have a complaint about that movie.
What's that?
I haven't seen it yet, so no spoilers.
General Grievous.
I heard how just kick-ass he was in the Clone Wars cartoon.
Yeah, he...
Damn it, it's hard for me to make my major complaint, or else I'll spill it for Rob.
That's okay. But it's just something about Obi-Wan riding a giant iguana.
Yeah, there was some iguana riding,
I don't know, it's weird. Yeah, it's weird. Interesting.
I'm supposed to see it Tuesday. Okay. Me and some of the Pink Mafia are going
Why aren't you listening to pump up the volume?
Maybe we'll get in free, I don't know, because I'm trying to revive my own show at some point,
so between that and karaoke I don't have a lot of free weeknights.
Don't make me, like, haunt you or something.
I'll TiVo it.
Speaking of haunting, we're supposed to be scheduling another trip out to some remote
cemetery that's uh... down by uh...
dry town in uh... sutter creek
and apparently it's on some guys land and we won't get bothered out there and
yeah what ever happened to the ghost hunting
uh... it's been on hiatus for a while just because
a uh... moving and everything and b just
we've been trying to get in contact with like local members of uh...
i forget the
there's an actual organization that people sign up for
which i really don't think there's a big deal behind it but it's just like
they have like standard protocol they take or something like that. So when you go ghost
hunting, is it like Luigi's Mansion? No, it's not like Luigi's Mansion. Did you take a vacuum
cleaner? No. Did you strap a vacuum cleaner on your back? It's not like that at all. It's
mainly, it's just kind of like surveying, basically just take readings of areas and
whatnot. The thing that I would probably be doing though that most normal people would
be doing is they usually don't try to disturb the area whereas I believe it's
like if you if you want like you know the rat to come out of the woodpile you
got to start shaking the woodpile for that to happen so same sense and you
know this if you want if you want something to happen you got to piss it
off so Mario anyways but no that's it's no supposedly we're just gonna go chill
down there we were gonna do an all-nighter thing but uh my fiance didn't
like that idea so um instead we're gonna go down there at dusk and hang out
during the night for a little bit she goes ghost hunting in Alabama because we
actually have old cemeteries well this is an old cemetery too these are from
like the 1700s and 1600s I don't talk to old people so fun no anyways I don't
have a picture of a ghost yeah but you know everyone has a picture of Michael
So it's okay. Anyways, that's all. I'm done.
Islander, how was your week and how was your day?
My week started off at Fanime, actually. A big anime convention down in the Bay Area.
And I woke up, unfortunately, with a hangover. Too many tequila shots, not a good thing.
And either my roommate or someone down there got me sick, so the entire week I've been fighting a cold, I'm pretty much getting over it at this point.
Today, I was in the mood for Pump It Up, another dance simulation game.
Pump It Up? Really? I've never heard of it. I'm just kidding. For those of you who don't know.
I think most of our listeners know Pump It Up. I hope you do.
If you don't, Korean five panels.
Yeah, that's it. That's all I need to know.
So I had to drive all the way down to Florin Mall.
They still have Pump It Up there?
They still have Pump It Up there, and they have a Dance Freaks.
OMG!
Yes, the Korean version of Dance Mania X.
OMG, I have to go play this.
Do they have different songs in it?
It's basically DMX1 with a few K-Pop songs thrown in.
Are any decent K-Pop songs?
Um, there's a few good ones.
Is Starion in it?
No, unfortunately, Caution is not in it.
How about Starion? It's in every other K-Pop song.
Is Starion in it, really?
Sorry I'm not in it, but there is a Bae G. Young song called Dash. There is a few songs...
Oh, Dash and... Dash and...
I knew it was in another game.
Oh, that's not bad.
There's a few other K-Pop groups that I recognize, like Seshki's, Klon, whatever.
But yeah, I went down there for Pump It Up, of all things.
And you're shaking your head in disgust, though, as you say that.
Because for a couple days I've been itching to play because my good friend Floatwalk, Mel B, linked me to this site for PIU that had just a bunch of old videos, not freestyle or routine videos, but actual music videos for a lot of those songs.
And I was like, oh my gosh. And all of a sudden I had this inkling to go play all of a sudden.
Have you ever seen a video for Baquah?
Yes.
Doesn't it suck?
Yeah, because she turns into a mermaid
Yeah, I like was watching it going what the hell I was expecting because the quads such a kind of like
I don't know it strikes me as a very angsty kind of song
Mm-hmm, and I was just been here like be kicking some ass or something not frickin sitting on the rock being the little mermaid. Yeah
exactly, I
Was expecting her little crab friend and fish flounder to pop up and start singing along, you know
I'm actually trying to read up on what's going on with that Pump It Up tourney.
I know there was one a couple weeks ago in Dallas, Texas that was going on.
It was one of those qualifiers for the big Pump It Up tournament in Korea, but I haven't
heard anything else about future qualifiers since then.
I'd be really mad if that's the only, like, qualifying training in the United States.
That would suck, but there's got to be one that happens in the Bay at some point.
Because, you know, Dallas is, you know, right in the middle for this big country for everyone to go to.
I was looking over on Mastiff's site to see if they have anything on it,
and they are still plugging a Smidget being at the Metreon on February 11th.
Which, by the way, I didn't even know the Metreon had Pump It Up.
I don't think they do, so they must have wheeled in a machine for that, unless they replaced
one of their other machines.
I'm not sure.
Now I'm trying to check out a Marrow site and see if they have anything going on.
And I don't see anything, but I'll keep looking.
Maybe somebody in our chat room knows.
If anybody in our chat room knows, feel free to share.
We'll read it on air and try to get what's going on with that tournament, because I'm
sure a lot of people that aren't just in Texas want to qualify what's going on
there so um let's see my week in my day but may I be the first to say that I
missed having three-day weekends the golf club was a lot of fun last Sunday
actually I don't want to go again like I could tonight but not me now at work and
everything but well I've worked tomorrow but I'd be there till 9 that's the
spirit um the golf club was actually quite a bit of fun I was I was wearing
one of the brightest shirts there. I was wearing my shirts... He could see you from across the
room. I was wearing... See, because most people at the goth club wear all black. Or sometimes,
like the gothy goths wear white because, you know, they're going to be different. I wore a
bright ass red shirt because it was my engrish.com shirt and it said I hate myself and I want to die
because I thought that would be appropriate for the goth club with little rainbows and hearts.
It looks like a box of lucky charms. So we had a good time. What else did I do this week? Not a
whole lot I saw the movie crash I think on was that Memorial Day that I saw
that or maybe it was last Sunday I don't know I don't know but I am to you after
I just got done watching Team America World Police I'm so ornery and you were
watching a South Park movie yeah no I went I went saw crash I think that was
on Monday which was good it's just very unapologetic and in-your-face type thing
where some of the language is very raw. It's a movie that deals with racism so
if the n-word makes you uncomfortable or any of the other various racial slurs
Loki you'd have no problem with this movie if any of those various racial
slurs make you uncomfortable but I don't actually was a really good movie it was
really good really well done so I recommend it otherwise not a whole lot
going on I went out to play in the groove actually twice this week I just
well you know what I'm loving the USB support thing because one reason I like
the way in the groove has its workout mode set up is that you don't have to do
like a special mode to have it count your calories it actually counts your
calories while you're playing a normal game this kind of bugs me about DDR I
don't know why it's such a little-ass problem but I wish that and I think the
only game that ever did this was Disney's rave funny enough that Disney's
rave is the only DDR game that did a lot of things correctly let's say dance
magic and then it counts your calories no matter what mode you're playing in
the reason why I don't like workout mode in like PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions
is that if you play a workout mode you don't unlock new songs you don't
technically save your grades or your scores or anything so there's no point
and playing in workout mode unless you are strictly there to burn calories. But I like
to unlock songs as I play DDR. I don't know about the rest of you, but that's part of
the fun of it, so. Anyway, so In the Groove has the fantastic USB support. Say what you
will about the game, but the USB support is fantastic, so I've been having fun with that.
The game itself, eh, it's just kind of holding me over until there's a new DDR, which, I
don't know, I'm not going to hold my breath at this point, but maybe some home versions
this fall. I don't know, we'll see. Well, we know there's whole versions, but you know.
I want new arcade stuff. Really bad. Okay. Moving on. Let's see what's going on in the
Bamani world news-wise. I thought we had a...
I know two things. What's that? Jack and... No, I'm kidding.
It's really a slow... If video gaming and all together is kind of a slow news period
right now, it's kind of sad. It's on vacation after E3.
Yeah, it really is.
Checking some of the headlines recently over on TedDDRFreak, which by the way,
replays our show on Friday nights.
Those lovely folks over there.
Yes.
They actually had like a legal perspective, explain the Konami vs. Rockstar thing,
which if you were totally confused by the lawsuit, I would hope that if you
listened to our program a couple weeks ago when that subject first came up,
that we helped explain things for you.
you're still lost they kind of had somebody that is in law school or
recently finished with law school try to kind of explain it a little more so it's
it's a fun read so check that out also very interesting that's brought up in
there is that rock source supposed to have like 20 days to do a response to
the lawsuit so it'll be interesting because sometime this week even though
it's been over 20 days it might be 20 business days I don't know how it works
But, somebody, we're thinking this week we might get some more information on exactly
what Roxor's comment is going to be to that. Or, as I predict, the out-of-court settlement
will happen very soon. But we'll see.
And then of course there were some new trailers posted over on IGN.com for DDR Extreme 2 and
UltraMix 3, which really don't show anything new as far as I remember from looking at the
trailers. There's really nothing new in it. And then the BeatMania trailer is available
of our games are fun, but it's the same damn thing they showed at E3.
Exactly the same thing.
Really not a lot new.
New news possibly on Xtreme 2 at Comic Con, if it's going to be anything like last year.
You remember last year at Comic Con in July in San Diego, they actually brought a build
of Xtreme, last year it was Xtreme, and we found out some new songs that way.
So we're hoping that this year they'll do the same thing, and we'll find out some new
stuff for Xtreme 2.
We shall see.
will be very interesting. Anyway, I think what we'll do right now is we'll take a quick
break and then we'll come back and... I get to break stuff, yay! We'll talk about your
news when we come back, Loki, don't worry. And then we'll also get into tonight's cage
match very soon as well as your calls via the Skype line, www.orangelaungeradio.com.
By the way, we're looking into this new thing we might do. I actually, this is the first
time I have even said this to the others because Jason brought this to my
attention just like two days ago but there's actually this new thing called
Skype in where we could get a phone number and then if somebody calls the
phone number it'll come in on Skype so we'll probably be looking into that so
possibly in the very near future orange launch radio for those of you that don't
get the Skype thing or don't want it we will have a phone number that you can
call to be on the program so that will be a very cool addition we'll see all
Alright, anyway. After this break, we'll be back with more Orange Launch Radio.
And this break, music from 2DX Night Style.
Started off with a popular song from 2DX Night Style, but we haven't played it in a while, so...
I thought you kids would enjoy this. Lion Ski!
I cannot lie, I'm a killer, I am a sick and guy
I cannot lie, I'm a killer, I am a sick and guy
I am the same picky guy
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Oh
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favourite perverse Bomani band, E-rotic.
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no, that was awful, bloody terrible.
Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night.
Oh, God, I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it.
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula. Next.
Oh...
That was cool.
Do you even know why you're here?
That was just bloody pathetic. Next.
Yes, yes, that's it! We have a winner! A Star is Born, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
God, that promo's old. I thought with the whole American Idol stuff, it's not even that
good compared to some of our other promos, but I thought with the whole American Idol
thing going on this past couple weeks that, you know, that it was time to play that again.
So congratulations to Carrie Underwood, your erotic pop idol, who I'm sure will be a playboy
in a matter of years, because that's where most of those pop idols are headed.
I haven't even followed it since Carrie.
Carrie Underwood is useless.
I can sing country music, but can you sing pop music?
I can sing country music, but can you sing pop music?
Country music?
No, pop music!
Pop!
That's all she could do.
Every song she sang was a country song.
so going to be on the surreal life in two years. I haven't followed it since I bought
Clay's album. I did buy Clay's album and I was proud of it because he has a good voice.
But he has a really good voice. What happened to Clay Aiken? I don't know but he's pretty.
He's invisible. We don't know what happened to him. You have to understand what happened
was, is there was a rival between Ruben and Clay.
Biggie, Ruben, and Clay, you see, and they gunned him down.
Oh, I figured that Ruben just ate Clay.
Actually, Ruben was having, I think,
to visit a nutritionist because he was going,
he was saying he was comfortable in his own body,
but he's actually starting to develop heart issues
and things last I checked.
We saw people going to die?
He's the people who's going to, I don't know, but there's been a big health concern regarding
the fact that he's basically put on a hundred pounds since he won.
No, it's too bad.
Dang!
A hundred more?
So I've heard.
He needs to start playing some DDR.
The bigger I am, the bigger I am on the charts.
That's just, but he, I know that he's gained a lot of weight since then.
Look at the comparison pictures.
He's a big boy now.
Wow, who was that rap artist like way back in the day, you know, that used to be like heavy D. Yeah heavy D
Dude heavy D was cool
Dude Biz Markie with me and the boys Biz Markie was on that a vh1
Get fit show celebrity fit club. I love Biz Markie and the Snapple lady
She was on that too. Yes, she was as well as me a Tyler who else anyway
This is what happens when there's not a lot of DDR. We start talking about VH1 shows.
By the way, Surreal Life 5 is going to rock.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I saw...
Who's this time around?
Did you know...
Bronson Pinchot from Perfect Strangers, Balki.
Yes.
In the same house with Omarosa from The Apprentice and Janice Dickinson from America's Next Top
Model. Which, by the way, if America's Next Top Model is not your guilty pleasure show,
it should be. Because that show... What a bunch of bitches!
Seriously.
Nelly was watching this one show yesterday on VH1, I guess it's called Strip Search.
I'm surprised, Rob, you haven't heard of this.
Actually, my roommate watches Strip Search every week.
Okay, I was like, this is weird.
He's probably watching it right now.
I was overhearing it while I was uploading my MySpace site, which I'll have to cover
later.
And so, it's just like, I guess they make these guys do their strip dances in the middle
like where they're working or whatever and i think that they can go and compete
to become like the next uh... sundown down under yes
center from down under shell
but uh...
yeah i got thunder down under it's called my fat thighs
i don't know about you
uh...
the holy title vote for a clap them together by make a thunderous noise i
don't know
anyway
the holy time of work and i don't know and i don't know
American Idol. I think I made Islander just throw up in his mouth a little bit, though.
American Idol. Well, since we were talking about American Idol, have you seen the
previews for that show, Do You Think You Can Dance?
No. Is that the dance show on ABC? That's the dance show that's going to be on Fox.
Fucking all these reality shows. It's going to be, imagine American Idol except
dancing.
I should go on that show.
Including the people that can't dance.
No, you know what show actually I should go on?
Beauty and the Geek.
i thought i would only think this show is up no seriously for the previews i
thought the show is going to be a big pile of trash
it actually was a really cute show
i thought i don't know about you know it's uh...
it's all these like a really nerdy guys when i thought they were going to be
like more nerdy of the bill gates look at the three-year-old yeah like the
three doors that they've been a few days
and uh... that you've been to the
they put up against like playboy models
But the thing is, is that then they go in competitions.
And they pair off, and they have to do competitions.
So the geeks have to teach the models how to spell.
And then the models have to teach the geeks how to dance
and how to do social things.
So actually, in the first episode,
they had a dance competition for the geeks.
And the models were in, what, a fifth grade spelling bee?
Or what were they doing?
Yeah.
That has to be hilarious.
It was so great, because the one girl was like, tattoo.
T-A-T-O-O, she got all excited because she won, and then they're like, no, it's not like
that.
But it was really, like, the way they do it, they do it without it being demeaning, I think.
Like it's poking fun without being malicious.
And like, a shot like that would be followed up immediately with the girl who actually
wins it.
She's going, I feel so great right now because I've never won an intelligence competition
in my entire life until today.
Is it Wannabamani?
Wannabamani? I guess?
Anyways, let me see here.
Basically, I decided, you know, it's been a while since we heard something about those other games that are out there,
so I figured I'd go take a peek and see what's actually being worked on.
So, Neon FM is where all the news is right now.
now apparently they've had a kind of an invitation only you know debuting of
their machine and stuff which looks pretty cool and considering it's all
being done by scratch it's pretty awesome and what they've got so far it
will basically you've got something that looks kind of similar to DVR not really
it's basically you've got five panels on each side a range kind of like a normal
beat mania controller, you know, back in the five key days, without the turntable.
Well, yeah, obviously without the turntable. That'd be a little weird if it had...
But that would be fun! Ice skating revolution!
Exactly. So basically, we've got those, and it's basically, they were showing some of the screenshots
and more of the gameplay, and they basically, they, I guess, debuted this at Betzen.
for those who don't know, Betzen is an arcade parts
supplier and they're the ones actually building the machines for
the NFM and they actually debuted it I guess at one of their
warehouses there
so that's kind of interesting to see. Some more interesting stuff that's happening right now
I guess Thomas Howard, the same Thomas Howard that may be featured in
La Senorita and all that stuff. He's actually going to... Captain T!
Captain T. Yes, he's actually going to Japan right now to film a live performance with
the other artist that sings Girls Butts.
And they're doing the live video that's going to be in the background for that song right
now.
Oh god, this is, Girls Butts is going to be the reason to play.
And honestly, what else, oh, they've got, there's, what else, damn, where did my clip
of Girls Butts go?
I used to have it.
Don't worry about it, we'll be able to get you some clips in a little bit.
I'm going to download this other thing.
It's basically 20 second samples of a bunch of different songs.
But we actually have some of the full length songs, not obviously the same cut that's going
to be in the game, but from Poppin Co., which is one of the artists that does the music
in the game.
And it's some pretty interesting generic stuff right now.
Are we going to play clips from these songs here?
I suppose we should just play clips, yeah.
Let's just play clips, because these are kind of long.
So here's a clip of all these songs in the game, because there's two songs here called
Complete Shot.
Uh, Complete Shot, I think the Greek fire mix is not in the game, but the other one
is.
Then let's play a clip here of the club blend mix of Complete Shot.
Here it is.
neon FM.
Is this like their version of Max 300 or what is this?
No, I think it's probably just
more stuff to it. You know, it's because it's a long version of the song.
p0k3smot42o
Not too shabby. Not too shabby.
Better sound than in the groove.
Well, they're different. I don't know. It's hard to say.
Alright, here's a clip of the other song. This is Electro 8.
Yeah, enjoy this one.
It's okay. It sounds like an old Game Boy game or something. I don't know. It's kind
of weird.
Exactly.
Okay.
Now, you can find those songs that we just played on popnko.com. That's P-O-P-N-K-O.com.
And they actually have screenshots from the May 13th prototype party where they had it
at Betzen and you can actually see pictures of the cabinet and actually if
you go to neonfm.com you can check out they have more screens or actual shots
of the cabinet that you can see the actual buttons and stuff and it looks
pretty cool actually so far and they've done a pretty good job with the game I
believe I wish they just call it feet mania because that would be because it
looks it looks really cool from what they've got so far I mean it just makes
It makes me think, though, of stepping selection, and I have bad, bad, traumatized memories
of stepping selection.
You know what?
I'm actually excited about Neon FM.
I think they're doing a lot of things right, and sadly, I think the reason why they're
doing a lot of things right is because they've been able to learn from everything In The
Groove did wrong.
And here's the other thing, too, which is going to be before everyone starts going,
Well, they're actually working with Konami of America throughout the entire process of
developing this game.
That's what I think is, like, really kind of weird in a way.
Not really, I mean, because it's not bad, it's just weird.
It makes sense because they're getting feedback from them, what they think, and also they're
making sure that all their bases are covered, like, you know, hey, is there anything we're
infringing on that we need to be copyright, you know, paying you for, you know, licensing
and stuff, and they're taking care of all that.
you should be giving us fifty million dollars
but i honestly i don't think this is going to be much of a problem compared
to like say you know
in the group which looked exactly like the year this is at least
doesn't get the reasonable the new cabinet new dance pad they've kind of
real even in the screens it doesn't look anything like the year because the way
they've rearranged things so it's yet very different
that's why i i get i give the game a lot of credit and
i hope it catches on enough so that we see this in
Honestly, I just am glad to see something that's, you know, different than, say, you
know, DDR or Pump It Up, you know, something that'll be, you know, a little different.
Also, if you, ooh, good comment from our chat room. Ron Chan says, maybe the FM in Neon
FM stands for Feet Mania. I like that. So, Neon Feet Mania.
We have a genius.
And here's another thing, also, in case you're interested. There's a link on Neon FM's site
here where you can actually download ringtones for your cell phone, one of them being Girl's
Butts.
Yes!
Fun.
Dude, I'm so downloading that for my, does it support Sprint or do we know?
Um, well they have a picture here, it shows M-Mode, so, M-Mode would be, I believe, um,
the AT&T.
That's not Sprint.
Sprint is...
But, it's just, they're MIDI files, I mean, come on, I mean, any phone should be able
to download that.
That's awesome.
So that's your...
I can't find my clip of Girl's Butts.
I'm downloading. I have a thing downloading right now, which I will actually give to you if you give me my flash drive back.
Thank you. I will.
That's a 20 second clip of about 13 to 20 different songs, and you'll be able to hear a lot more of what's going to be in there right now.
So I guess I'll throw it on here, and we'll play it later.
Okay. We can do that.
Sounds good. So we'll play that later. More Neon FM.
Any idea when they're going to release this? Any word of a release date yet?
Not yet.
talk to somebody over on the team over there and try to get somebody on this show to give
us details. Okay. And I also want girls' butts dedicated to me.
I was going to say some other stuff non-related. I have a MySpace site, another one now that
I've been plugging in our live journal community, actually. It's MySpace.com slash Lowkey Fusion.
you can actually listen to brand new songs on there as they come out and I
don't upload them to my really shitty site and it plus I have a really cool
logo that you know looks just like the DR Ultramix 3 logo so it's spiffy um so
go check it out befriend me do all that wonderful stuff um also if you placed at
mania someone actually made a sim file for what was it uh the legend of trans
That was 2005, so go check that out in Bomani style.
That's a few pages back in there, sim file section there.
Which technically would count as another max sim file.
Good job, guys.
The background art, though, kind of sucks.
Anyways.
And then, other than that, really not too much else going on.
I think I found it.
I think I found it.
Oh, god.
I have no idea, I think this is it, YES!
This is right here the song of the game.
How can you not be excited about Neon Feet Mania after hearing that?
Now, that's not the same mix, though, because that doesn't sound like Thomas Howard.
That sounds like DJ Potato singing that.
Or is it?
Am I wrong?
I have no idea.
I think that's DJ Potato actually singing that.
It might be DJ Potato singing, but the new one, I mean, I've gotta say that they're doing
quite a bit, I mean, they're putting quite a lot of polish in this game, I mean, getting
a live performance of Thomas Howard in Japan with the other artist, and apparently there's
a female artist that does vocals on that song as well, so.
I want, like, really, like, 80s porn, like, close-up shots of her butt in, like, tight clothing and stuff.
It has to be porn style. It has to be.
Even Dark Sakura is into me.
Oh my God. Picture this.
He's gotta be all pimped out with a hat.
This woman throws at me every time I even mention they should objectify women in one form or another, and she agrees with me on this one.
This song! This song has to have it and the guy has to be all pimped out, but then the girl has to turn around and shoot him.
I've got, you know, your video right here. You need to have, like, a really quick close-up shot of a door opening, and Thomas Howard singing this song is the pizza guy.
That would be fucking awesome.
I still think the girl needs to go around and shoot.
They should parody a bunch of different porno videos.
The temps should be a girl.
That could be, that should be the marketing for the game. They should have that printed on bumper stickers.
Featuring girls' butts.
It should just be neon, neon FM and really tiny print in the corner. Neon FM featuring girls' butts with a Z.
That song, awesome. That song needs to go on the radio.
Maybe we should have like a, maybe we should help them out. You know, we've got some artistic people on staff here.
let's make some neon FM promo banners and we'll do that little neon FM
featuring girls butts like really really huge and then have the 80s porn but I
think we should do that yeah we'll do it as a favor to neon FM and then maybe
some of them will come on the show and talk about their game I like this idea
it has merit I think we'll go to a quick break when we come back we are gonna
take your calls over on the skype line www.orangelaunchradio.com click on interact with us and we'll get
into the cage match as well and maybe if we have time tonight uh we'll do like what do
you think listless tonight why not we haven't done that in a while we haven't done listless
in a while we have got sufficient people we have to think of a topic though so we'll we'll
think about that ways to promote neon fm actually that might not be a bad idea that might not
be a bad idea. So I have a feeling that if we do that, we will be taking an inside joke
or a joke that was five minutes ago and just be ramming it into the ground.
That's okay. Alright, we'll see. Okay, in this break, I thought maybe what we could
do is actually place In the Groove's music this break because we've kind of been mean
to them this break. Has In the Groove come out yet? Because apparently, and this is interesting,
apparently someone I know at work, they're like, you know, I'm looking for a DDR game
that has some Britney Spears songs in it because my, my daughter, okay, daughter's
ten-year-old, okay, now she's into the Britney Spears Christina Aguilera crap, they're looking
for a song that had some of that stuff, so I'm loaning her DDR Extreme Max 2. In return,
she's loaning me In the Groove. For the home console. Apparently, she already has it. She
says that's what it is. She says it looks exactly like DDR, except it does, you know,
I showed her pictures of In the Groove and she's like, I'm almost positive that's what
it is so I get to see whatever if it is that's very odd because I don't I
haven't heard of it coming out yet and that you would be all over if it had
come out I will see let me check let me check in fact let me just make sure I
haven't missed something okay it g freak dot-com because this site would have it
right yeah let's see that that that uh nope no news on the home version coming
out your co-workers insane or is gotten some some huge break somehow I don't
I don't know what she has, but I bet you anything that's MC Groove's dance craze or something like that, that's probably what you're going to get in return, that MC Groove.
Either way, we'll have a review of whatever the hell it is that she has.
Some subpar game.
What am I looking for in this room?
The girls' bus thing just totally inspired me to open a restaurant.
Called what?
Well, you know, this objectifying women thing is pretty stupid. I think that men should be objectified.
So I'm opening a restaurant called Heckers.
Hey, there's no problem with that. Or Bananas.
It was in a commercial a while ago, I think. But it's a chicken restaurant like Hooters, so it's gonna be Heckers.
Alright, well, I thought about the cool pool hall called, you know, Great Rack.
You can have that.
That's horrible. Or, uh, Jail Bait.
That'd be another song or another another restaurant where the theme would be you know women in like the schoolgirl outfits
You know hot Asian women jailbait
raisins
No, hot Asian women in schoolgirl outfits with it's a sushi joint
And that's the actual name of it hot women and Asian hot Asian girls and out. No jailbait
Alright, whatever. I think we're going to go to that break now. Okay, alright. We'll
be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio and we're going to start this break
off. I said we do some in the groove music. We're going to start it off with a little
trance-y song called Walking on Fire because we haven't played this one yet on the show
And it's it's kind of neat so enjoy this and we'll be back with more orange laundry
All I can do is see all the helplessness behind me
I've faded too, off the headline
Crushing every feeling that sends me
I'm a Bubble Dancer
I'm a Bubble Dancer
I'm a Bubble Dancer
I'm a Bubble Dancer, Bubble Waffle Dancer I'm a Bubble Waffle Dancer, I'm a Bubble
Water and soap, splashing on my body
Blow me a bubble and I'll give you a smack
Somewhere on your body
Oh, pick me up, P.O. Yeah, yeah
I'm a bubble dancer
Oh, pick me up, P.O. Yeah, yeah
Bubble Waffle Dancer
Oh, yeah, yeah
Bubble Waffle Dancer
What do you mean baby, it's like you said it was me
I'm a ballerina baby, I'm a ballerina baby
What do you mean baby, it's like you said it was me
I love how I love you
I love you
Touch me, I wanna know if you know that I need you
And you need me too
Say it tonight, the story of love's goin' on
And you took part in the scene inside
You said that there's nothin' wrong
Come close to my heart
I want you to touch me
I wanna know if you know that I love you
I wanna feel that you're real to me
Touch me, I wanna know if you know that I need you
I want you, baby, I wonder if you need me too
I want you to touch me
I want you to touch me, I wanna know if you know that I love you
I wanna feel that you're real to me Touch me, I wanna know if you know that I need you
Baby, I wonder if you need me too
I want you to touch me, touch me I want you to touch me
I am a robot, sexy like a robot Making sure the captain keeps his truth away
I'm Romeo, Juliet I'm Romeo, Juliet
I'm Romeo, Juliet I'm Romeo, Juliet
The only thing I know is that I can't use that instruction
I was made with passion
The only thing I know is that
I'm feeling satisfaction
Feeling satisfaction
I am a robot
Found this strange attraction
Was made for you, my dear
Was made for passion
The only thing I know is that
I could use that inspiration
Gaming Radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us at Orange Lounge
Radio.
back here on orange lounge radio music there from in tech groove coming to a
console near you eventually Romeo and Juliet before that touch me
bubble dancer walking on fire starting that set off well diverse stuff in there
I like bubble dancer because it sounds like aqua but like a real cheap aqua
knockoff which makes it even worse but at the same time the only reason you
liked aqua is because it was one of those it's so bad it's good so when it
gets badder it gets gooder nevermind we're gonna take your calls right now on
the skype line www.orangeloungeradio.com click on interact with us and you can
call into the show although I don't know if we have a lot of people that want to
talk to us tonight because we don't have a lot of folks that are actually logged
in to Skype right now so we'll see what happens. I don't know what's going on, I guess
because school's winding down for some people so a lot of folks can't stay up
late tonight because they have finals tomorrow so and you know for our East Coast
listeners we're actually on pretty late. It's three hours later over there so
we're looking at about 11 o'clock almost on the East Coast. Ouch. Well thank you to
our dedicated folks on the East Coast who stay up all night long to listen to
us but I guess during finals week it's a little bit harder so we're gonna have a
a lot of people don't want to call in tonight. That's why you can check us out on Fridays.
Yes, on Fridays over at DDR Freak, if you want. And you know, if no one calls us, we
have to get into Paris Hilton chat. And I don't think you want that tonight, no I'm
kidding. Even I'm sick of Paris Hilton chat. Nicole Richie chat, though. I've got a whole
lot I could say about that. She sucks. She's Paris Hilton's partner. Oh, we're getting
a call. Oh, on that stupid show. Yeah. I watched the sausage episode. Not anymore. Saved by
the call. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Hey, Sky, Siggy here. Hello, Siggy, how are
you? I'm doing fine. What's on your mind, sir? Well, yeah, last Friday I was able to
attend the World Series of Poker. Oh, yes, I remember you talking about that on last
week's show and you were going to win us millions of dollars, right? Unfortunately, I lost on
the second level. Damn it! Well, at least you got to the second level. Which is going
It's going to be one of my FUs of the week tonight.
How bad did you lose?
I don't know how tournament poker works, but I guess how many people do you play against
at a time in tournament poker?
There were 240 tables and there were 9 players.
Just multiply that by 9.
Oh my gosh.
But you won?
You beat, you won out of 9 people in the first round, right?
Well, yeah. I already won over two tables.
Oh, eh. That's not bad.
But unfortunately I lost to a professional poker player.
Oh, well that always kind of sucks.
But, so you got up there a little bit then. That's still pretty cool. Good job.
Maybe next year, maybe next year.
Yeah, maybe next year, because there goes my $1,000 buy-in.
What? Oh my god, it was $1,000 to buy-in?
Yeah.
Oh my god, you didn't get any of it back.
well no a thousand dollars for a freaking poker here's the thing here's
the thing the top prize is seven hundred and twenty-five thousand Wow and with
it and then there's going to be a another no-limit tournament this Friday
which is going to be a $2,000 buy-in and you know it's going to be twice twice
enough for the top prize Wow that's pretty hard but can you imagine a DDR
tournament with a thousand dollar buy-in? At least you could have the DDR tournament
that has a harder run than that one. That's like, just under half of my monthly
salary. That's messed up. Well, what do you expect? It's Vegas, right?
Yeah. Alright. What do you have to say to the people
that are criticizing you for putting up a thousand dollars of your money?
Well, it's just, you know, I've already planned this for months now.
everybody has their thing
you're allowed to spend money on post some people some people invest their
money in there
video game collections that are anime collection so you have the right to
spend your money on a poker tournament if you want right
yeah i'm doing just you know just for the fun of it i want to write
experience what poker players do
there you go what's a really good poker game for about what i'm sorry finish it
off
i know you do you think that i'll get it
i wasn't saying again what's a really good poker game for like the home
consoles video games has a whole lot of them out there
what do you think is a really good poker game
well i think you start with uh... you know like uh...
alone in the middle of the whole the more you know a little bit uh... oma
but it's more complicated i'm talking about like a video game out there to the
e three look at it or a lot of poker videos
the world poker championship for the playstation 2 and xbox
okay i hear that one's really good
what's the one that does anybody remember there was one day aguana girl
beat some guy out what was the
came they were planning to remember that many after a quick okay sounds good
cat littering and you know what it comes down to
you need to play more strip poker games why
they make you fucking work to get those women make it
and got a little like any ordinary strip poker get you know
game that you play with live people
but it's not coming computer games
they make you work to see the boobies again t
developed the identity
i guess you were a part of the road
uh... i guess i don't know
uh... thank you so you're going to be low key i don't play five-card draw
i'll speak about speaking of phil have you know i didn't get people hellmuth
uh...
uh...
howard letterer
uh... greg raymer which is last year's uh... poker champion
uh...
david williams john yugostino demand and break that one
but i would think
i would think these guys hang out in vegas an awful lot
yeah you know uh...
how should i say it here
i didn't get to finish you know uh... i didn't get to you know you get to see
the final table
uh... i would you know i wouldn't really not not a disappointment
but you know
I wasn't, I was tired. You know, before I headed to Rio, I went to Circus Circus, you know, for some 2GX Red action, just to calm my nerves down.
I swear I'm going to come out to Vegas soon. If my leisure trip to the East Coast ends up getting cancelled, I think I'm going to come to Vegas.
Because I got money to burn, so. And I want to come play games at Circus Circus. Because you know Circus Circus was where I originally played DDR for the first time.
Yeah.
I have a lot of love.
All right, well, Siggy, we're going to let you go so we can take some of the calls, but
good luck practicing the poker, and I hope you can get at that final table next year,
all right?
All right.
All right.
Good luck.
Bye.
Thank you.
All right.
Let's go ahead and take another call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey.
What's up?
It's the one and only Ronma.
Hello, Ronma.
How are you, buddy?
Hi, Uchon.
Hi, Uchon.
Warning! Cute factor approaching. Cute factor approaching.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Eh, not much. I just had a real twisted weekend. I was forced to quit my job.
You were forced to quit your job?
Yep.
Did somebody catch you in the storeroom with a lady, you know, something like that going on, or what?
No, I actually caught somebody else violating corporate policy.
Okay, how's that work? You gotta explain this one to me.
Okay on geek squad you guys sell services one of the technicians was selling services, but he was pocketing the money. Oh
So, how does that mean you lose your job?
I'm still trying more or less like they were I found that they were like tracking me and following me around
It seems that before I went to an amazement
I told my general manager what was going on got a customer to make a statement on what happened
I made my statement. Go away. I come back. Oh, I come to find out that one of the managers wants to talk to me.
It seems that I'm being accused of losing money in the department and I have an issue with not coming to work.
Huh.
You don't get it.
Was this person who was selling stuff under the table like the boss's nephew or something?
No, but ever since he found out I knew something about it, he's been, he's had an issue with me.
I still say you need to nail their asses to the wall.
Oh, I am.
DarkStakra is a great- she can give you some good advice on where to go if you want to kick some butt.
Oh, I plan on it.
Keep us posted on how that goes. How's your gaming week been?
Pretty good, pretty good. I got a controller so now I've been playing PSO a little bit more than I should be.
Blue Burst?
Yes.
Now, DarkSakurai, you had a fun time in Blue Burst tonight, didn't you?
Yes, you need to play with me.
I'm actually going to be starting an Orange Lounge radio team.
Okay, are you playing tonight?
Um, I can.
Okay.
Only listeners are allowed to come into this room.
I always play on Hyperion 7, and the room is MurdockIs?
And the password is God, with a capital G.
Alright.
Since I have the memory retention of a goldfish, I will be asking this a little bit later.
That's fine. We'll try and post a reminder in the chat room towards the end of the show on PSO.
Awesome.
All right.
Sweet.
Well, have fun with that. Anything else you want to share with us?
Oh, and remember I called a few weeks back and I told you about the slash pizza icon I saw at Ama Boston?
Yes.
I sent Dark Sakura the picture so you could take a look at it.
Dark Sakura, do you have those pictures? You have to share those.
You emailed those, right?
Yes, I did.
okay i can hop into my email momentarily we'll take a look at it during the cage
match
awesome alright sounds good thank you for giving us a call and uh... we'll
talk to you next time already
you got it and good luck with that
uses waiting for you sky
i mean you know there with bells on if you need to look at anything legal for
you then how about them
i'll be asking alright have a good one
thanks a lot by e
variety
run uh... colin and and little bit of work drama going on
all right i'll read it out we're gonna go ahead and take a quick break uh...
away from the fact like is actually going to tonight's cage match so what
you have to do is if you want to call into the show
uh... we will open it up all
all there's one more call to make this a good one
i'm gonna be nice i'm in a nice mood today will take one more call hi who's
this
uh... this is bresner
like trant rezner
uh... no i can actually get the nickname from uh... mistake of somebody's part
not sorry i bet you get that a lot though don't yet
actually no well you're going to keep saying is it like the game
i kept on the only act out there that one
do all right whatever what's on your mind was that i follow up with uh... yeah
i've got the vibration paddle with me in my pocket too
all because the reds okay it took me a minute to the minimum like
then we start talking about vibrating control on my car shit yeah i know that
one i'm an expert on vibrating games
uh...
uh... what's on your mind i think that uh...
drinking
games stuff like that uh... you're talking about uh... neon f m yes uh...
actually know the guy uh... deejay potato when the creators are no really
well get him on my show
i should he's actually staffing for us at magfest what's magfest
uh... mags that mags this is one of like like i'm not he three commercial uh...
video game convention in virginia
local what's happening
uh... it's actually coming up we're skipping this year it's going to be in
january
okay
the uh... i think it's the weekend right before of ohio con i think
so what you've got to do you get distributors to come out there and show
off the games everything or what but i had this will actually be our fourth
year that we've been doing the convention uh...
first-year
was pretty good we had uh... enemy premier of ease
we had the first
turbo graphics sixteen ever made on display i love you
it actually had serial number zero zero zero zero zero one
i i i want act
mind please
that's pretty hot
i love the pc engine i thought seeing the last dreamcast ever made it was
pretty hot
but the first river graphics
that's pretty hot as well
yeah they had it in a little glass case and everything and it went like the con chairman
said yeah you'll find me curled up in a ditch in mexico with them
it kinda sounds like what you've got going on is like
similar to classic gaming expo
but uh... uh...
kinda yeah but more emphasis put on the fandom kinda like anime
conventions are this one's for video games only
oh god do you have cosplayers
uh... last convention we had three and they got really pissy because we had a
cosplay at two in the morning. There was like a really good like, Kosmos, but she
like, obviously for an anime convention, her mentality was definitely not the
right one for this convention. You can't have a convention, you can't have a geek
convention happen without some rejected Ricky Lake guest doing Sailor Moon
cosplay. Thankfully we didn't have any Sailor Moons or anything, it was all
We had all video game characters. We had like a Sid from Final Fantasy IV, and that was really cool when Genova Project played live.
He almost climbed up on stage while they were doing Final Fantasy IV Boss.
For those that don't know, Genova Project is the band that was before many bosses.
We actually had them play live, too.
Wow, sounds like you guys have a good time out there. I wish we were on the East Coast so we could check it out,
But maybe in January we'll have money in the travel budget, so keep looking at the change that falls in the sofa, because that's the travel budget.
You wouldn't be the only ones to be coming from California. We had about 50 people come from California.
That's nice. That's nice. Good deal.
Dude, if I was to go there, I would cosplay as King Hippo from Mike Tyson's Pink Out.
Dude, one of the most underrated 8-bit characters.
eggplantwizard
we need eggplantwizard cosplay
i actually want to cosplay as one of the guys from Russian Attack
oh Akarnov dude
are you a bad enough dude to save the president?
let's get a cheeseburger
we need a bunch of people to do a super dodgeball cosplay
i've actually seen people do it
or the kunio kun hot blooded downtown story also known as river city ransom
At NekoCon, there was actually a group of five people that cosplayed as the frat guys from RCR.
Wow. Did they say barf when they hit the floor and everything?
Actually, they did. They did. It was really cool.
That's awesome.
They only did it because X-Strike Studios was showing RCR at River City Rumble at NekoCon, which is really cool.
Wow. Actually, I have one more idea, and that's to dress up as Leisure Suit Larry, the original OG.
Wow.
Yeah, give Spanish Fly to the secretary.
So, how much floor space does this con take up?
We take up the entire hotel.
Oh, that's nice. That sounds like fun.
24-hour game room.
Land room is actually going to be split into four rooms, because last year I actually got it up to about 68 people.
Wow well you know if our podcast takes off and you know we're able to sell out
to the man and we get a travel budget we are so there. We'll check it out.
Travel budget rock on. Yeah right now it's about five cents. So you can get down
the block basically. Actually my other idea is to establish a swear jar because
that shit would fill up fast. That would. We'd be dropping 20's in a night. We'd be going to Hawaii every month.
Alright. Anything else you want to share with us?
Um, probably just pimping for X-Strike.
X-Strike Studios is going to be at AMA coming up in two weeks.
They're going to be premiering Silent Horror, a video game movie that doesn't suck based on Silent Hill.
Wait a minute, so it's like an actual movie that's going to be released in the studios?
I kind of saw this already.
What is this?
The trailer for it.
The trailer actually does no justice.
Okay, because the trailer kind of sucked.
Actually, the trailer does suck. I was like, wow, this makes Ui Bol look good.
It's actually like, it's both funny as hell,
because they make fun of every like horror genre at the same time,
but it also is scary at parts. We've had people like think,
oh man, did you actually chop somebody's head in that shot? And they're like, no.
Well hey, you know the movie Scream was the same idea where it had like the humor and the
actual scary stuff mixed in, and from what I hear, that movie did pretty good.
So you never know.
And a movie that has a line saying, that's like, what are you doing with all that crap?
Well you never know when you're going to need an empty lighter fluid can to fill up a lighter
or a freakishly large statue to press the switch.
It's good to have a well stocked inventory.
Do they have a distributor for it?
Are they still trying to find something?
It's actually, they're sending it off to the DVD pressers.
They're going with a different DVD press and company that they did for River City Rumble.
So it should be for sale at AMA.
It's actually going to kind of premiere at AMA.
Very cool.
Two commentaries, an outtake track, deleted scenes, director's commentary.
It's a fully loaded DVD.
Well, good luck to those guys.
I love B-movies with inside jokes, so that sounds like fun.
So it's a bunch of gamer nerds-
And be sure to watch the Transformer reference.
It's a bunch of gamer nerds that did this?
Oh absolutely. It'll be great. It'll be great.
It's x-strikestudios.com.
x-strikestudios.com. Sounds good.
Well thank you for calling us and I hope you have a good one.
No problem.
Have fun at your con.
I need more beer.
Seven months. Alright, have...
Hey, have another bud for us, alright?
Oh, it's Killian's tonight.
Sounds good. Actually, have a Guinness. Have a Guinness for us, because that's...
The Guinness is really beer.
I wish I had some.
Alright.
Good stuff. Alright, have a good one, buddy.
Alright, bye.
Later.
getting his name from the rez trans vibrator. That's awesome.
Teramisu, um, god, um, what is it, uh, the, what is that, that liqueur in it.
It has booze, I must have some. Okay, we're gonna get some teramisu as we get into cage match here because
Coffee liqueur. I don't really like teramisu usually though, but I'm, is it off, is it, uh, Olive Garden teramisu?
No, it's teramisu from Ellie's. Hmm. I will have a small corner because I've eaten, like, most people eat all day.
I'll give it a try. I will give it a try. I have eaten mostly meat today.
Alright. Of course if I take this piece home and spread it out over the week, I can get away with it.
Alright, let's get into tonight's cage match, Poison Girls.
Last week in the Orange Lounge cage match, the Gorillaz were entered in and they won in a narrow victory
with their song, Dare, which is kind of a dance-y song which you don't hear from Gorillaz very often, but it's fun.
Happy Monday song.
It's very happy, but Mondays aren't happy,
so I don't know what that's all about.
All right.
Anyway, the way the cage match works,
you must be in our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
We will play three songs for you.
Last week's winner, just a clip,
because you already heard it last week,
and two new songs in their entirety.
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long
on Orange Lounge Radio's video game music program,
which plays 24 hours a day, seven days a week
on this station when we aren't live.
And what is the criteria for these songs
to be in the cage match?
They have to kick ass.
We just have to like them.
That's the only criteria.
They don't have to be related to games at all.
It's just cool stuff we think you should hear.
So here it is, a clip of last week's winner.
Song number one.
Is it worthy of a two-week victory?
You be the judge.
Gorillas dare.
I'm still alive
Never did know I'm
Never did know I'm
Each day
It's coming up, it's coming up
It's coming up, it's coming up
It's coming up
It's dead
It's dead
You've got depression on you
You just thinkin' that's what you do, baby
Hold it down, yeah
Just feel the moment
Jump back and forth
Feel like you were banging down
Working out
Never did no harm
Never did no harm
All right, that was a clip of song number one, Dare, by the Gorillaz.
Okay, let's get into a new song, which will play in its entirety.
This one's six minutes.
This better be good, Loki.
What do you got for us?
Well, it's not a girls remix.
Sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Let's see, now Girls Butts is okay.
Girls by Prodigy?
okay. Now, this is something I didn't really have much to bring this week, so I was going
through some of my old CDs that have been ripping into my hard drive, and I found one
on the verse 1 and 2, which it hid from me. And this is a remix, and I don't even remember
the title of it, because it's really strange. And it's a remix of basically Tac stuff, and
you've got it says it's mainly the XY but they threw in holic stuff in there
as well I think I've heard this before it's direct C D Re X I Y I'm calling it
direct C which sounds like an eating disorder to me but whatever I don't know
all right it's pretty cool I mean I was trying to find a short song is this the
artist is the artist name really VA on this no that's just very art various
artists cuz it's on diverse systems I can look it up but I mean it take me a
sec but yeah basically I mean it should be enjoyable you'll just say it's by
diverse systems so this is diverse systems if you like Taku you should like
this all right here it is song number two in tonight's cage match direct see
Enjoy!
Alright, there was song number two tonight, Durexi.
Uh, is that, uh, Durexi good or Durexi bad? Let's find out. Dark Sakura.
I like lots of parts of it, and you know me, I love Taku.
But, there were parts that just sort of, kind of dragged on like that part at the end.
Um...
Seven.
Solid, but kind of dragged a bit.
My vote. Whatever. I give it a six for the number of minutes.
Loki.
Next time I'm picking a ten minute song.
Oh, but I give the tiramisu a ten, by the way, because it tasted like liquor, and that makes me happy.
I vote as a good song just because it reminded me a lot of the Legend of Attack song that I did a long time ago.
Which I kind of do something else, because originally that Legend of Attack song was supposed to be every single Attack song in one mix.
But, uh, I stopped before I finished.
Anyway, um, no, I give it like a 8, because it's good.
Islander.
I'd probably give it about a 6-2, but then, because my reasoning is, it was, it...
I, too, Phil, it was a little too long.
Could've done without a few things.
Alrighty.
Let's go on to song number 3. Song number 3, somebody sent me the music video for this during the week,
week and it reminded me about how funny this song is so and I love the video
it's so funny so um and it's actually a pretty decent dance song so I chose this
song it's kind of like I wouldn't say it's a remake of an 80s classic but it
invokes an 80s classic so this is Eric pride and the song is called call on me
Enjoy!
Song number three, Eric Prides, Call On Me, will you guys be calling that song back or
or will you conveniently lose its number? Dark Sakura.
I love the original, but that one was also really repetitive. It has some...
It would be good for DDR, I think, if it were cut down to a minute and a half,
but it was just
too repetitive. It gets a six-and-a-half.
Loki.
The club song's supposed to be repetitive. Actually, it's...
For me, it has the same elements of a Daft Punk song, where it's simple, it can be
repetitive, but it's still catchy,
and it doesn't get really annoying, and that's what's cool about Daft Punk, and I think there
may be even some Fat Boy Slim songs like that and stuff, but it's just, it's one of the
songs that lends itself to a club scene very well, so get to nine, it's good.
Sometimes I wish we were a TV show, because honestly, that song isn't done justice without
the video. Yes, isn't the, I remember the... The video is all these, it's women working
out, and like, they're wearing like Jane Fonda style attire, it's like full-on 80s, but here's
Here's the thing. Consistent tits and ass shots. Consistently through the video.
I remember the video for this and that was hilarious.
And then there's just some random guy there too that's just working out. It's funny. I don't know.
I laughed. Okay, I'm gay and I thought it was funny, but maybe it's the whole boobies thing. I don't know.
Because they say gay men are infatuated with boobies.
Islander, who is not a gay man, but is still infatuated with boobies.
Oh, absolutely.
But no, I sort of agree there with Loki's comments how it does lend itself to the club scene, it's in that mold of Daft Punk and whatnot, and if you don't mind hearing that type of music, I for one don't. I would bump that in my car. I'd give that probably an 8.
Alright, and eight for eighties. How's that?
Absolutely. Let's see. Okay, so, um, pretty diverse selection here tonight in the cage match.
Remember, our votes don't count for shit. It's all up to you guys in the chat room.
So here it is, the three songs you can vote for tonight, starting it off with song number one,
last week's winner going for win number two Gorillaz Dare and song number two you
can vote for tonight, Diverse System with Durexi.
And song number three can vote for tonight, Eric Pride's Call On Me.
Alright, place vote now, send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote, and
if you don't know how to do that, hold on, I'll tell you guys in our chat room how to
momentarily.
You guys have about three minutes.
Loki, this is the part of the show where I tell, I let you explain what's going on in
the sim world.
Well, I explained a little bit what's going on in the sim world, like for example, there
It's a sim file for my song Legend of the Trance 2005, which you can find on by myself.
There's a few other things that happened as far as releases go.
There was DDRXXMix, and I know that's a weird name, but it's Japanese, so what can we say?
They released version 2.5, which has some more songs in it, and it's actually a good
80 meg downloads, so you can go check that out as well.
Then there's also another one.
It's actually kind of an older one that came out around this
time food mix one came out.
And it's party night.
Dance Dance Revolution, I guess, party night edition or
something like that.
They're calling it DDR party night mix
appendix series number one.
that's kind of a tongue twister but basically what that is is a good
download for you that's about oh I don't know it's it's pretty big 216 megs so
that's quite quite quite the download there so go check that out now granted
the first party night mix was not very good but um definitely recommend oh I'm
I'm sorry, not XX Mixes, DDR D3 Mix 2.5.
And check that out.
That's going to be pretty good as well, because I actually
played some of that stuff.
And it's pretty cool.
And then if you want, there's a whole thread on Bamaiso.
You can check out the brand new Japanese little fan mixes
that are being released.
And definitely watch that closely, because we're still
waiting, Food Mix 2.
And when that comes out, it's going to be pretty awesome.
But remember last week, the manhole.
Find it on, they have a song called Manhole.
Yeah, that's right.
We do have the maturity level of preschool.
Anyways, yeah, that's pretty much what's going on in the
sim scene right now.
So check those out.
And watch Bahmani Style's sim file database, because every
now and then there will be a good one.
But in the meantime, you'll have to deal with Paranoia
Twist, Omega, and Max Evo.
Enjoy.
Goody, goody.
Just a reminder, you boys and girls out there, we have a
podcast where we talk about other games.
We talk about games that don't suck and the news you really
want to know about.
That's available on our website,
www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Just click on the Orange Lounge Radio to Go edition,
which is over on the left-hand side.
And you can download that.
And actually, that show's been very successful for us, so
we're pretty happy about that.
Also, if you have a chance, give us a vote over on
Podcast Alley, because we like attention.
Even though that site is turning into one big
popularity contest, hey.
We like popularity.
We like being popular.
Doesn't everyone?
So give us a vote over there.
I'll paste a link in the chat room for you guys who want to
do that.
Oh, I completely forgot to mention earlier
during my week stuff.
There was actually something.
it's not like huge but it is rather significant to happen this week
uh...
i may have made fun of the song earlier this week or not really this week but
when we were talking about karaoke Revolution 4 but uh...
Patrick Swayze came to my work
how many people can say that
Patrick Swayze came to my work as well as his wife it was on Channel 3 News
local here in Sacramento
and uh... he was basically promoting his new movie that's going to be coming out called Last Dance
which is about his, I guess, you know, he started off classically trained as, you know, ballet, so...
That was a Donna Summer song.
Anyways, um, The Last Dance, it's gonna be coming out, um...
Last dance. Last dance. Oh, sorry.
Anyways, so yeah, he's, yeah, I got an autograph, um, and scene from his wife, who actually directed and, uh, wrote the movie.
And, uh, he actually flew in on his plane, um, into the Karen Park Airport nearby here, so he's a pilot and all this stuff.
Quite interesting. Really funny guy, too. So, I had a picture with him. Unfortunately, my friend's camera broke. So, no picture with him, unfortunately. But, um, yeah. So another celebrity sighting at my work.
You know, I realize they did a sequel to Dirty Dancing. But overlooking that piece of crap, they should do, like, a new sequel to Dirty Dancing with Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey.
He- he- honestly-
But they need to give her back her, like, old nose.
He's doing a movie right now because this whole movie is supposed to be about going inside the mind of a dancer, like what they're experiencing. So it's kind of a surreal movie in a sense.
But it's kind of going in the mind of a dancer. So he says a couple movies like this, or if he's going to be able to do a couple movies, because he says you've got to be in incredible shape to be able to do this kind of ballet.
But Dirty Dancing, man, I can do that until I die.
So maybe, you know, there'll be another Dirty Dancing movie.
I know he's got a few other movies coming out,
though, right now, but.
Dude, they could combine the Dirty Dancing sequel
with the DDR Freak movie.
Because you know how that always comes up?
It's dancy dancing!
OMG to DDR Freak movie?
That's what it could be, is it could be Patrick Swayze
Jennifer Grey, like, reunited to win to dinner competition.
That is ridiculous.
And then, like, they can get to the competition, and now, for the final challenge, where you
You will have to face Dark, Patrick Swayze.
Dark Swayze!
Use the force.
Use the bar, Luke.
I can't do this.
All right, let's find out who won tonight's cage match, shall we?
Yes, please.
All right.
Tonight's cage match, boys and girls, it is a tie.
It's a tie in tonight's cage.
Yes, it's a tie.
What?
All right, here it is.
Two songs tied.
I'm going to remind you guys what happens in a tie,
but let's first find out the two songs that tied.
Song number one that tied tonight, Direct C.
All six minutes of it.
And song number two that tied in tonight's cage match
was Gorillaz with Dare. Now, the rules of a tie say that the host who put in the song
that did not end up in the tie gets to break the tie. That's me! So I get to break the
tie tonight because you bastards didn't vote for call on me. So, um, who loves me more?
I buy you food sometimes.
I brought you cake. That's true, you did bring me tiramisu.
I brought you liquor. Uh, that's true, but um...
you know, Direxie just went on for way too long, so I have to give it to Dare tonight.
But Dare's gone on for two weeks already.
Too late, I've made up my mind.
It has the mighty power of Sean Ryder and Damon.
Oh, we got a weird buzzy sound on here.
um... so there is
uh...
something weak win number two for dare so we'll be back next week to see if it
can go for dare to stay off drugs
did they have a report on people singing that song to be saying that about you
want to know okay you want to know what a geek i was in elementary school think
back to the what what what year would this been like eighty nine
we had the dare program in schools i don't know if this is a nationwide
thing or just california but dare was the drug
abuse resistance education i think is what it's about like that anti-drug
program but they say that it was an utter failure because what it ended up
doing is actually talk it about all the drugs that was out there
dot that's what they need to be funny exactly
that and that i mean you know it does that we are a nationwide thing
i might go my own well my ex-fiance in colorado
she was a dear graduate twice
Still ended up, still ended up smoking, shooting up anything she can get her hands on.
Wow.
I don't know.
I'm going to go get me some drugs now.
Everybody in the chat room knows what I'm talking about, so they're all saying yes,
it's nationwide.
So cool.
For our international audience, sorry, you're just screwed.
But here's the thing.
I don't know why I remember this, but I remember they had a little workbook that had all these
exercises on it. You're supposed to identify different drugs. One of them was create your
own license plate. What that has to do with drugs, I don't remember. I don't know. I think
it was like, if you go to jail, then you'll be making license plates. So they had a make
your own license plate. But if they wanted to be really realistic,
you know, they'd have to have the rubber glove up the ass and...
Yeah, yeah, seriously. They'd have... Cavity surge and bend over and spread them.
They'd have all us 5th graders take our clothes off and go shower publicly and have Bubba
fuck us while...
And teach you how to make hooch.
Here is a can of Juicy Juice, here is yeast that we use to make the hard tack you have
to eat.
Okay, wait, I'm not done with my thought yet.
So we had to make a license plate and the deal was, you know, you have to have it be
eight letters.
So it was like, what would your license plate say, right?
My license plate was N-I-N-1-0-D-O. Nintendo. Get it?
You are such a nerd and I like that. I wonder if anyone actually has that license
plate. Dude, I should get it.
Aw, if nobody has it in California yet. Remember, Genesis does what Nintendon't.
What the fuck?
Sonic the Hedgehog, bitch!
Bad knuckles.
And by the way, Shadow the Hedgehog sucks ass.
But he has a gun.
I'm just reading some comments in our chatroom, I love it.
Ron Chan says, super sloppy OLR double dare.
That's what dare makes you think of that show, double dare.
And then I still have my dare shirt. That's awesome.
I didn't think they were still doing dare.
You know, I expect to see something like that at Hot Topic soon, because they're doing like all the...
Yes!
They do have them! They do have them at Hot Topic!
Do they?
Yes!
You know it'd be awesome. I love Hot Topic.
And then they also have the, um, the, uh, drug testing, and it has like a bunch of drugs sitting in the classroom.
You know what I want, just for the hell of it, is I want those prop sandwiches that they had on Double there.
I just want two of those giant pieces of bread to put on my floor. The foam bread. I don't know why that would be so cool, though.
dude f that i want the giant hamster wheel
the hamster wheel oh my god that'd be cool you know what i i would uh... you
it's very funny though because what was his name mark summers
he is supposedly such a neat freak
yeah he's a pacific evulsive i saw a story on some
network somewhere fuck that i want the big ass nose
that you would have to pick? pick this? oh that was awesome
every obstacle course had that damn hamster wheel in it somewhere
I forgot to mention, a couple weeks ago on Family Guy, they actually referenced You Can't
Do That television.
Yes, I actually saw that episode, but we don't encourage people to watch Family Guy.
That was a couple weeks ago!
Yeah, it's on the same time as us, so we don't encourage people to go watch that.
TiVo it!
It's a good show?
TiVo or BitTorrent?
Yes.
We encourage you to pirate Family Guy because it's our competition.
Hey, BitTorrent is mainly just free TiVo, that's all it is to me.
Don't worry, I delete the episodes after 24 hours.
Yes, 24 hours so that you're not pirating it. Love it.
All right. We're going to go to a break. Featuring some music this break from Dance Maniacs.
What about the Hannah Wavy Game? What, what, what?
Oh, yeah, you wanted to do the clips, didn't you?
Yeah. We'll do the clips when we come back.
Okay. How's that sound? Okay. We'll do the clips
when we come back. We'll do the FUs of the Week when we come back as well. And hopefully
listless, but we're still trying to think of a topic, so you guys start thinking about
that topic all right we will come back after this break in this break dance
maniacs so enjoy
Just need to say, you know you gotta try a little harder
So you can be my, my, my, my darlin'
Smile a little, smile, let's enjoy the moment now
And just have a good time
Try it, baby, good
A little bit of love and gonna feel so fine
Is it really true that you feel the same way too?
And hope we'll be together now
No, but I love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
When I'm spitting, thinking of a funny word we call love
I still won't think of you as it burns My family becomes above
If you wanna capture me It's as simple as can be
Mix the letters, writing all you needed
Come on, baby, do the little motion
I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now
Come on, baby, do the little motion
My little baby's sayin' to you and me
It's easy on the line if you're A-B-C
So come on, come on, do the little motion with me
You gotta swing your head around
Come on, baby.
Come on, baby.
Lose your mind.
When I think you've found the man.
Oh, oh.
Now, if you can do it, make a change now.
Come on, baby.
Do it good, baby.
Sugar, sugar motion like a railway train now.
Come on, baby.
Do it good, baby.
Do it good, baby.
Now, lose control.
Little bent-up revalle the whole lotta' to
So come on, come on, little locator
So come, come on, little locator
You live like an ocean with me
You'm in good luck of motion
Come on, come on, little locator
You're in good luck of motion
Come on, come on, little locator
You're in good luck of motion
Come on, come on, little locator
You're in good luck of motion
Come on, come on, little locator
You're in good luck of motion
Come on, come on, little locator
You live like an ocean with me
Come onGOo
You're in good luck of motion
Come on, come on, little locator
You're in good luck of motion
Come o- come on, little locator
You're in good luck of motion
We're gonna be here, we're gonna be here, we're gonna be the same
I'm rekt, rekt, rekt, rekt, rekt
Hi, whoops, sorry, we're still here.
We forgot to queue up a promo. My bad.
Here's your promo. My bad. Here you go.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
There you go. Sorry about that.
I was too busy brainstorming for listless.
We're actually going to allow a guest person to come on List List tonight.
First person to call in Skype who wants to participate with this topic, Nickelodeon show
you want brought back tomorrow.
So we'll take whoever calls in first wanting to play that.
The way List List works, everybody presents their top three.
So when you call in, please have three shows that you want to do, ready to go.
then we'll come up with our list and then we each take one off the list. You
vote one off and then the chat room ultimately gets the final vote when we
have a list of eight that would be remaining. So if that makes no sense to
you don't worry it'll make sense to you as we start to go through it. So let's
see if we get anybody in on the Skype line. Boy our Skype lines like lighting
up now all of a sudden. Let's take the first call. Hi you're on Orange Lounge
radio hello can you hear me caller oh sucks to be that person let's go ahead
and take the next call that came in here hi you're on orange lounge radio hey
it's dudes hey dupes how you doing it all right you want it's good you want to
play listless with us tonight sure hot all right yeah all right guys stop
hammering the skype line we got ourselves another player here but don't
worry all you guys in chat get to vote once we have a list here so have you
heard list list before doobs yeah then you know how it works right yeah all
right are you thinking of your list here Nickelodeon show you want them to bring
back all right yeah all right don't don't don't give it away yet think of
your top three and then we'll ask you for it but you have to justify your
choices all right oh I do all right yes you do sucks all right let's get it
Let's get ourselves some theme music, shall we?
Let's get further down in the theme music here.
That's right everybody, it's time for tonight's list list!
Playing in tonight's list list is Skye, Loki, Dark Sakura, and Doobs.
I wonder, did he want to participate tonight, because he didn't have Nickelodeon as a child,
you poor bastard.
All right.
I want to play Plinko!
Wrong show.
I found the tape, by the way, Rob.
What tape?
The tape of you on The Price is Right.
I wasn't actually on The Price is Right.
But I saw you.
Yes, I was in the audience at The Price is Right.
I have to pick the tape if you want it.
All right, we'll talk about that later.
Let's get to Listless.
All right, who's starting us off tonight?
Darkstalker always starts us off.
So Darkstalker, what is your number three pick?
Start this party up right, Salute Your Shorts.
Brief description of the show, Salute Your Shorts, and why they should bring it back.
It has that redhead kid.
Those in Terminator 2.
Yes.
With the mullet.
With the mullet.
And he's like in other stuff and he's always cool and I've, yeah, Salute Your Shorts was
just awesome.
All right, Salute Your Shorts.
Doobs, what's your number three pick?
i would say the original rugrats like the actual
went with their babies before they sold out and made movies and all that stuff
yeah that one okay rugrats well that was the cartoon with the babies all right
yeah i should bring that back
if that's not still on
uh... they have a new reary they're all like teenagers and shit ah that's bullshit
really retarded that's bullshit
loki your number three pick
uh... my number three pick is gonna be uh...
oh man this is tough uh...
how about
pete and pete
cause it was a strange show but it actually worked and the mom had a metal plate in her head
exactly it reminds me of malcolm in the middle
is basically i think is what
became malcolm in the middle so a brief description of pete and pete
pete and pete was just a story about um two brothers that you know had the same name
they're both kinda nerdy
the one brother had a tattoo um that he used to make dance the mother had a metal plate in her head
and with the radio signals if she can receive real signal it was just such a
weird
weird show but it worked it was just one of the shows that actually have pretty
good storyline to it so it worked
right p p you're never going to say that uh... we've got time to think of another
one dudes
right my number three i'm gonna pick is hey dude
because they do to have the chick who married ben stiller like years later
christine taylor remember hello
she was hot it
and hey dude was about a dude ranch. She was also in um...
what was that uh...
movie about the... Dodgeball. The witches.
The craft. The craft. Yes she was. As the snotty racist girl. Yes she was. She was in
dodgeball. She was in dodgeball and she was in Zoolander.
Because she's in Ben Stiller movies now because you know she's blinking them.
Brady Bunch movie. Yes alright.
Hot. Alright so so far Salute Your Shorts, Rugrats, Pete and Pete, Hey Dude. Number two.
uh... dark sakura
my number two one is uh... out of control
it's just uh... interesting canadian show at the other guy who looked a lot
like mark summers in it
and had wrote a name to it
yet it's all man i do that
when i was a kid i could do it
uh... i can't do it anymore
all the fact that they can i went through puberty
That was the sound she used to make.
And she used to do the really funny, jacked-up fairy tales.
You remember that?
And that show was just...
I always came on right after
you can't do that on television.
And Dave Coulier cut it out. Hello.
Hello. Alright.
And I always was like,
okay, this show is awesome.
And so yeah, that gets my number two.
Doobs!
And it had the Python-esque animation in it.
Doobs, your number two pick.
Um, I'll just say figure it out. That show was awesome.
A brief description and why it should be brought back.
It was that game show where like these kids would come up and they'd have talents and like people had to figure out what their talent was by asking them questions and stuff.
Was that the one that was hosted by Summer Sanders?
Yeah, her ex- yeah.
Dude, she went to my high school. She graduated the year before I was a freshman. She came back and spoke like years later and so I always find that funny. I don't know why.
I know your dreams. You can't reach your goals. I'm living proof.
wasn't on Nickelodeon, as far as I'm aware. It might have been at one time, but I don't
think so. So, Are You Afraid of the Dark? But, like the first season of Are You Afraid
of the Dark, before it got really crappy, you know, that's what... And this show is
basically, they told them, they were kind of like ghost stories. It's almost like the
stupid Goosebumps book thing, you know, but it's better.
I hate that show.
Well, Doops, you might know which one you want to bump off then, because you get to
take one off the list.
Alright well hold on, there could be worse ones, we'll see.
My number two pick, hello Nick Arcade, hello, hello, come on like everybody, you geek gamers
all know what Nick Arcade was, who remembers the last stage of Nick Arcade where you could
be in the video games?
Now granted, StarCade was leaps and bounds better, but Nick Arcade was still pretty cool.
So my number two pick is Nick Arcade.
All right, we're down to the number one pick, Dark Sakura.
Mine is Danger Mouse.
I fucking love Danger Mouse.
Danger Mouse is pretty awesome.
Because it's all about Penfold.
I was just watching a tape of Danger Mouse episodes
I have at my house, and it was the one
where Penfold gets into the giant chicken feed
and turns into a giant Penfold.
That's pretty awesome.
yeah
we hold on i have something just for you jamie along
i'll dammit over
way to go rob have the volume down the place
and food
shot
uh... just rewrite
uh... do you have your number one pick
uh... all that
uh...
god
and i'm sorry i just a brief description and why it should be there
it was like uh...
I say MadTV for kids. It was like one of those variety hour type shit.
It still is.
Okay, no, no, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Let me see it.
I want all that to come back before it had all those preppy white people on it.
He's got a point. He does have a point.
Yeah.
Islander. He said he wants it before the preppy white people ruined it.
Alright. Pretty white? Damn those pretty white people.
Pretty white people with foam.
I mean, I know they have Britney Spears' sister on it now. I was like, whoa. I remember the first couple episodes, it was all like, I remember they had that girl from TLC sing for the intro. I was like, ooh, this is like hip-hop type style. Now I hear like, you know.
It's like, you know what it reminds me of?
Britney Spears' sister goes on.
What he's talking about reminds me of Club MMC. Never mind, forget it.
Oh, God, no.
You guys seen Mickey Mouse Club?
Click click click ding. Yeah, but then remember when it was MMC and it was all like, you know, like, we're hip and we're white and dance hip-hop.
You know, my friend's mom was a Mouseketeer for a day.
Wow.
She actually made it back in the 50s to be a Mouseketeer and then her parents let her.
My mom is Annette Funicello. Okay, no she's not.
Uh, Loki, your number one pick.
Well, you know, where can I go with this? I mean, I've got like a bunch of different ideas of what we could do for like, you know, number one here.
I thought, okay, here's my toss-up here. I thought about Funhaus because, you know, that was an awesome show.
But no, so I'm gonna go with a better variety show than all that, and that would be Roundhouse.
Roundhouse.
Yeah, we saw guys from Roundhouse at E3.
Yeah, the guy from Roundhouse.
At least those guys have freaking talent versus, you know, all that where,
all that work we're trying to be like sarah not live before kids
and who can forget the guy from roundhouse at e3
konami konami yo
yes he was one of the pretty white kids on roundhouse that was him
alright and uh... shane loved him yeah shane has a crush on him but that's another story
alright time for my number one pick and there's so many good ones you could choose from
Man, screw you all for not naming this show sooner, because this is the king of Nickelodeon
shows.
There is no doubt about it.
Without it, you would not have Green Slime, ever.
You can't do that on television is my number one thing.
I was saying that for you.
I knew you were listening.
I didn't name it because I knew someone else would.
And besides that, who else but me is going to say Danger Mouse?
Alright.
If, if, if you can't do that on television and have been taken by somebody else, I would
have said Count Duckula.
We'll have to do that on our show.
I would have no Count D'ucula without Danger Mouse.
If our far show's ever live, we are going to do the green slime if you say I don't know.
Did you ever see the computer one?
They said, aha, I have a way around.
That does not compute.
Gray slime.
All right, all right, let's...
I'm being so yuck.
Yes, and I remember the red slime and blue slime,
and I remember the episode where you could vote by touching your TV.
It was... never mind, anyway.
What?
I'm showing my age here, people.
Alright, here's the vote-off round. This is gonna be a hard one tonight, you guys.
You have to take one of these off the list.
Salute your shorts, rugrats, Pete and Pete,
Hey, dude, out of control, figure it out,
Are you afraid of the dark, Nick Arcade,
Danger Mouse, all that, roundhouse, and you can't do that on television.
Dark Sakura, what's gotta go?
Uh, move your big head out of the way.
Uh...
are you afraid of the dark are you afraid of the dark it's taken off the
list by dark sacra
in you knew the dooms was going to take it off so you just give them a free pick
he and i think you could pick in those two all right dudes which one's gonna
come off
uh... he did
are you bastard i hate it comes out of it is because uh... i i think
to your children anything to happen on that show
so i was going to say how old are you because your pics are more new school
Nickelodeon in my eyes. Well, I'm actually fourteen, but I didn't really watch Nickelodeon
much. You know what? F you, okay? F you guys. Rob, actually, it was pointed out to me that
not a one of us mentioned Invader Zim. Ah, dammit! Oh, Loki. I say we have a unanimous
vote to put Invader Zim on the list. I. All of us vote. Fine, fine. We'll put Invader
Am I?
God, I'm so bad.
Now that's new school, Nickelodeon.
Alright, Loki, take one of these off the list.
Dammit, you know, they took off my Hey Dude because I was gonna say that show bit compared to, you know, like, say, Smoother Shorts.
But I'm gonna take off Rugrats because, I mean, that used to be on, was it, you know, uh, Nick Jr., and that's where it needs to stay, is Nick Jr.
It used to be back there by Pinwheel.
Spinning around.
My turn, huh? I'm gonna have to take off, um... I'm gonna take off Roundhouse. I just...
There's too many sketch comedy shows on Nickelodeon.
You have good taste.
Nah, I do. I have excellent taste. You can't tell this is better.
Please, we didn't put What Would You Do on that stupid...
Nobody said Double Dare, but I guess they have a new version of Double Dare. Lots of shows not named.
All right, here it is, the list that you guys can vote on.
Salute your shorts, Pete and Pete, out of,
Dubes, what the hell are you doing over there?
I don't know, my thing's just messing up, sorry.
All right, that's all right.
Put out the plastic cover.
Salute your shorts, Pete and Pete, out of control,
figure it out, Nick Arcade, Danger Mouse, all that.
You can't do that on television and Invader Zim.
You guys can send a vote, you get to vote for one.
Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom
with your vote. Some of the ones we missed, you guys, according to the chatroom. Count
Duckula, Ren and Stimpy. That's a big one.
Actually, I think Vader Zim should come off the list, because while it's still, it is
a cancelled show, they still re-run it.
I'm saying no. We already put them there.
It should still be on the list.
Amanda's show?
No. Clarissa explains it all.
Clarissa explains it all? Thank you.
I liked Clarissa explains it all, because of the guy who came in through the window
and tell me about sexuality if you didn't explain it all but
but i would rather pictures of alex mac
the adventures of what
alex mac
well i think i would like to fight
larger something and i'll be the ability to the silver-mercury yeah i
would also i would also say i turkey television
but nobody remembers and showed up to have person
today's special cuts
remember today's special dog
pinwheels
doug is now a nation in indonesia it's actually on busy in the morning and i
shouldn't go forever then
all right will do thanks for playing a little it's not turns out all right
day all right thanks for playing and i have a good one okay
got its hips
or later
he just want to say boobs on our show
rockaway modern life that they really think boobs all the time but it's good
You know Rocko's Modern Life? The characters from Rocko is supposed to have a cameo in the Spongebob movie, but I don't remember seeing them.
Fucking Spongebob Squarepants, but again and again, that's all.
Thank God!
It's still on. That's all Nickelodeon is now.
I hate Spongebob.
Dude, Spongebob is not that bad.
No, technically all that is still on there too.
Is it?
Yeah, it's still on there.
Because now that one of the guys from it actually is on Saturday Night Live, they're like,
Oh, we're famous now.
Yeah.
So.
Whatever.
Alright, well we'll see how the chat room votes there.
So again, Salute Your Shorts, Pete and Pete, Out of Control, Figure It Out, Nick Arcade,
Danger Mouse, all that.
You can't do that on television and Invader Zim.
We will find out your top three choices for...
Legend of the Hidden Temple.
Guts.
I know.
Legend of the Hidden Temple is freaking awesome.
And Guts was on my list.
But I took it off in favor of, uh, of whatever the first one was.
Guts was retarded.
Well, Guts was a good idea.
I'll just remember the referee that they had on the show, because-
We have all these veggie cores, what are we gonna do with them?
Let's play every game with them.
The Agrocrag.
Agrocrag?
Let's climb up the big glowing purple hunk of plastic.
Uh oh, I got aggroed by the crag.
You lost ten minutes because you didn't hit the little charger thing.
You suck.
Alright, great.
Time to go back to kindergarten.
Hurry up and get your votes in, kids. We gotta get this wrapped up so we can get into the FUs of the week, okay?
So in this break, I think what we'll do, just a couple quick ones. We're gonna do some third mix songs, I think.
Because I want to play Wonderland.
And Neon FM.
Oh, the Neon FM. We'll get to that, too. I promise we will.
Uh-huh.
All right. We'll get to that. So let's get those votes in real quick because we're gonna get to the FUs of the week.
Don't send your FUs just yet, though, because we gotta get the votes for Listless out of the way first.
out of the way first so we'll be back after this quick break with more Orange
launch radio.
is smooth and easy like, so we might get hyped to hear tonight.
Be nice, relax, and see for the back, if you ain't with that,
I'ma have to attack you with a bad rap.
That could mess with my whoops if they dash for no sauce, no crap.
Giving a little bit of heart and soul as we do it till you in your ear hole, huh?
I ain't going out like a sucka, and if you think so, boy, then puff up.
Puff the chips up out of this lyric and slow the mic word up.
This groove is set to soothe you.
We're party people now, it's time to do it
Oh
Okay, technically this next song is from 2nd Mix, but Jamie begged.
I cried
Cause when we dance together, you're like a dream come true
I feel so beautiful, hot inside, it's all just a view
Love, I just gotta have it, I believe in love
I can't be without it. Come to me and make your confession. Love, come let it go. Love, like it's got a habit I believe in. Love, I can't be without it. Come to me and make your confession. Love, come let it go.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
Max. Alright, let's, uh, you want to find out tonight's listless winners?
We did the votes. Yes, K, thanks. This was a toughie. We had a lot of votes kind of
spread out tonight. Everybody loves Nickelodeon, so I'm glad we could
talk about it here. Nobody loves MTV, though. Yeah, nobody.
Uh, seriously, they were, well, I actually watched a little bit of MTV for the first
time in a long time
yesterday. There was a marathon of Next,
which is some type of speed dating show. It's awful. Yeah, I remember. I've seen that show.
What about they also had a marathon yesterday? I thought of true life. I
Don't know. I don't know. I don't watch TV. So I have no idea what the fuck either of you were talking about
All right, listen, it's the one it's like, you know true life. I'm a prostitute or true life, you know
I'm addicted to speed or you know, they have like usually it's a you know
It's a drama like one of those afternoon things true life. I hump small boys
Bad one true life. I'm a furry
Oh my god, no, I'd have to see that, because that would be hilarious.
True, they honestly had that, it was great.
True Life is actually one of the few decent series they have now, I think.
But, like, all these, like, you know what my friends are into? I don't get this at all.
They don't watch the real world, they don't watch Road Rules, but what they do watch is that fucking, like, Inferno show.
Where it's, like, real world meets Road Rules on, I don't know, whatever.
Isn't, like, MTV all reality shows nowadays now?
Pretty much. It's MTV.
MTV. See, I only know three shows on MTV from back in the day, so.
Yeah, I remember Remote Control, which was like the best show ever.
And Adam Curry, who is our podcasting hero.
The only one I remember was, of course, Singled Out, because it had What's Your Face, and
And of course, you have some bad.
Yeah, liquid television.
And I remember Pauly Shore.
You know that Aeon Flux movie is coming out next year?
Or is it this year?
I think I'm going to see that.
It looks kind of, I don't know.
I think it's going to be good.
However, there's one show that I do watch, sort of.
My Guilty Pleasure on TV is Pimp My Ride.
Because I want to take my mom's ice cream truck
and see what they can do with that they would love
they love crap like that you know where it's just like something weird um
you know my guilty I'm actually gonna go see a on flux you know but my guilty
pleasure movie of this year
on the which is an MTV movie actually is gonna be roll bounce
the hell's that roll bounce is a movie
set in the seventies during the roller disco era
and it's actually it I remember all that basically
It is, it is, um, you got served on Rulerskate.
Alright, look.
I need to see that, okay, no, my fucking, look people, we'll do the MTV show they need
to bring back at a later date, but we gotta get rid of tonight's listless first.
Check out the trailer though, it's online on Apple, check it out.
Alright, let's do this, uh, top three listless tonight Nickelodeon show they should bring
back, number third, number three, you can't, number third, you can't do that on television
I'm not going to be watching it. It's not needing Nick Classic.
Honestly, like, the old school shows need to just run the reruns. Who cares?
Alright, let's get on to tonight's FUs or we're going to run out of time here.
So, Jamie, why do we do the FUs of the week every single week?
Because I hate everybody and everything and I just need to slit my wrists.
I'll email you.
Fuck insurance companies, I want my god damn car you bitches.
Okay I have been, oh hi Barry, I have been without a car, okay get this, I've been without
a car now for a month, a month, a month of no ride.
I hate it!
I drove julie's car yesterday and my mother at birth, IT'S SUCKED
It's like the contestant says
So, I need a car this week
And I need my goddamn three thousand dollars check to be here now
So, I don't care when the fuck you mailed it
You should have sent that shit Federal Express to my door
Hand delivered by, you know, young boys dressed in, you know, old pageboy livery or something, I don't know
it should have been at my door it should have been in my hand a week ago should
have been in my hand three weeks ago I need a car that's it
Loki I only have two the first one is this fucking headache that's been on my
head for two days I say on my head because it switched from the right side
to the left side last night so now that whatever parasite it is in my head is on
my left side and it still hurts and it's the Sunday headache and I don't know why
I can't get rid of it anyways and the second thing goes to well actually I
have three so the second thing goes to the servers on Final Fantasy because
they're still crashing and they should fix this months ago and I don't know why
they can't seem to fend off a stupid DNS attack it's just a DNS attack come on
people you know fix it and the third goes to the phone company for some
for some reason charging me $80 when they should be charging me $40 for the first time.
They're saying that I'm like, there's some non, uh, some sort of charges that are non, you know, standard charges or whatever, like 32 bucks.
I'm like, what the hell is this? I don't have any extra services, so I have to call them and find out what that is tomorrow.
So, that's it.
I'm going to give an F you to missing deadlines at work because that really sucks.
I want to give an F you to earwax because apparently I had a really bad build up of
earwax in one of my ears.
No look this is a totally normal thing okay y'all get it.
Alright I had a really bad build up and I actually lost hearing in my right ear a couple
days ago and I was totally freaked out.
like I was like oh my god I'm gonna be deaf and I do radio as a hobby I'm gonna
be screwed for the rest of my life I'll never be able to play DDR again that's
why I have one of those cool you know fountain pen things I actually just
pulled the pen part down and no I work I was trying to clean my ear with a q-tip
like you know like a normal sanitary person would do that's actually very bad
for you because what I did is I actually pushed the wax in further with a q-tip
and made myself lose hearing yeah don't push it in you got to go around well
that's what I was trying to do but somehow I pushed it in. So anyway, kids, if you have
your wax filled up, go to the store and get the liquid that you put in your ear because
that's the only way you're going to do it. Don't use a Q-tip. Swim in a pool, folks.
And I guess that's it. So an F.U. to $15 co-pays to get your earwax removed. That's pretty
bad. All right, let's go to Islander. F.U. to airborne viruses.
Why can't more diseases be like, I don't know, HIV?
Where it's like, you know, you know what you have to do to get it, so if you just avoid that, you won't get it?
No, the flu has to be something you can just give to someone by talking to them.
Dammit.
That's pretty much it.
Alright, thank god you can't catch Ugly.
OMG Tits Boobs.
Awesome.
You took my suggestion.
Is that Doobs?
Yes, it's Doobs.
OMG Tits Boobs.
Says, F you to my girlfriend being able to beat me on Paranoid Survivor Max Oni Shuffle.
uh... at the Brazilian people on MMOs again because they suck in English
what a great generalization
and F you to my thirteen-year-old cousin for living in New York so long he's like
a big drug dealer now and he's thirteen
oh and F you for living in Florida because my house is infested with bugs
lemon-lime jump
sent in a late vote for um...
sorry I thought that was an F you
uh... Dark Tetsuya says F you to hire next morning
I guess he's going for the triple A's or something
I Ron Chan says F you to my old job for fucking me over as he said earlier
that's okay cuz I'm going to comp USA your competition
who's getting pwned now bitches
you know what
they're fucking you over fuck them back I love it when I get to stay pwned
Dark Knight says my F you goes to work being a bitch and not feeling
appreciated when I bust my ass
going out of my way to satisfy customers even though I'm just a cashier
illusion says F you to my uncle's wife's
gay brother that is covering it up by marrying a woman that is so into herself
that you won't need any love for herself
wife
i need a map
to figure that one out
thirtieth birthday party that was full of boring rich people that only played corny
songs like
this song is for all the girls or whatever it was
if you're not being able to go to karaoke because of this party
and at the end of the weekend being boring because of nothing to do this
weekend
but i did finally get to watch rocky horror picture show
that coming from illusion
congratulations
says that you to my computer for acting up lately
red nor says they'd be able to talk to you to customers that can't keep their
kids from putting used condoms in their computers floppy drive
you've got to be kidding
while
they could fit that in there while you while you while other kids
uh... what the hell would you think
you've got to make up to it there's people that think the cd-rom is a copy
trade so or copycat trade thank you really see that
my question is where do you think it'd get the use condoms
and their parents
he should like how that should provide
mmm better or something
here the middle of the place
go go play go blow up these balloons
uh... haru chances at the altar makes an ultimate to for having such horrible
I disagree but whatever. You know actually some girl got AIDS from that. Stop it.
And for their not having more Konami Bimani games in the U.S.
Suguru-chan says last F.U. for my boyfriend using me and cosplay.
Darklionxvi says F.U. to David Williams for calling my pocket aces with his 6-7 of clubs on the World Series of Poker.
No limit tourney. The flop came 8-5-9 of clubs for the straight flush eliminating me in the process.
f you to myself for playing one more lovely another forgetting to turn off hard mode mode oops and
lastly a guana girl says f you to bad car batteries and
Corrosion that causes Jessica to be stuck out in the heat and wind for seven and a half hours
ouch
Look on the bright side though at least you didn't have a sign to twirl
Because I don't get the sign twirlers like have you ever seen those guys that stand out there in the middle of the road?
twirling the signs. I get confused where they want me to go. Is it up in the air? Is it
to the left? Is it to the right? They keep spinning that shit around. What a sucky job
to have, because then you really are standing out in the sun for seven and a half hours.
I mean, granted, at least you get to get paid for it and you listen to music. Maybe strippers
doing that shit. Then I go to wherever they want me to go. That's a great idea. When they
open up hooters here in Sacramento. Which, what are we doing? They have had commercials.
I have seen commercials on VH1, advertising, become a hooter girl. I was like, it's coming.
It's coming! Soon!
We are like, what, the last city in the nation to get a Hooters.
Seriously, LA has five billion.
I think Sacramento is the last city in the nation, big city, to get a Hooters.
We're finally getting one.
We're also getting a Logan's Roadhouse, which also makes me happy.
Alright.
Somebody in the chat room is yelling at me because they are assigned to our lives.
You know, there's actually someone down the street from where I live
who does this for a living straight up dancing Dan if he doesn't have a gig
going his sign says hire me Wow I in this guy this dude says 1150 an hour is
what he makes doing that I know oh well I mean like we're just doing that now I
understand how to put Nellie on the corner man cuz she's not making that
kind of money you are gonna put your fiance on the corner have her work the
corner. Seriously, that's some good money there. That's awesome. Plus she's bitching
about not having a tan. There you go. That's a twofer. You're a bastard. Who would want
to marry you? Alright, we promised some clips from Neon FM and we've made you wait long
enough, so here they are. Here's some clips from the new dance game, Neon FM. Let's listen
of some of these, see what we think. 1981. Sounds like a lot of Naoki songs I've heard
before, but that's kind of cute that they invoke that. So, what do you guys think, real
quickly. I don't know what the point of 1981 is. Whatever. Bride and Dream. Dude it's like
An Ayumi Tomisaki techno song.
Time to drop to E and go to a rave or something.
I have heard that whole song before, I remember, somewhere, and it's really good.
That's kinda hot, I like that. Bring the beat back.
Wow, that bitch is off-key.
Is it just me?
Yes, well, once she's off-key, and I think they, for me, for that song to be cool, they need to lose, like, that, like, techno-ish aspect.
It's okay. I'm actually liking this so far, though. This isn't bad. I like this.
Can you feel the music?
Can you feel the music?
Can you feel the music?
Can you feel the music?
Can you feel the music?
Can you feel the music? I kinda like that. Do you have an artist list up so we can tell you who the artists for these songs are?
Go to the site so we can get some of that, because I only have the song titles here. You like that one, Dark Sucker?
Yeah, I do like that one a whole bunch.
Alright, Complete Shot.
Oh yeah, we heard this one earlier. That's alright.
Wait, what was that song again?
Complete Shot.
No, the one before that.
Can you feel the music?
can you feel the music um there's a song list on there why are you going to that page
well i'm going to this is the same page i'm just looking to see um no whatever
we gotta get through this we're running out of show control
I'm in control of your mind I'm in control of the air that you breathe
I'm in control of the air that you breathe
Is that the Alien 6-3?
No, no, no, that's...
Damn, I've heard of that.
The Nine.
It's from...
It's a different drum song.
You can actually get the whole song on Amazon for free.
Because I know, listen to that.
The Nine, you're right, that's it.
Enough of you.
Thomas Howard.
Thomas Howard.
Yay, a ballad.
about a little while our staff favorite
i can't wait to play this
right let's uh... run through this year got a kick my love
and
but
development
i'm not sure that this one a lot
i'm not sure that that one it's not on their lunch here got a kick my love
got a kick my love
uh... haru haru
okay i got high-key didn't know one
uh... hero is the guy that uh... got a kick my love right now and you can go to
his website debbie debbie debbie that hero h
i are
seven seven seven dot com
nation's world
I hate this song.
This song came out a long time ago.
Again, we're playing clips from new songs on Neon FM which are available on Neon FM's website, yes?
It's actually a thread in Be My Own Cell.
Sounds good. Hi-G again with Play 240.
DJ Potato featuring THL, this is Put Her In Reverse.
What?
I feel like I should be waving my hands in a para-para motion.
Seriously.
sexy sexy sexy
uh... rhinestone cowboy
that's ricky and daz that's actually kind of a commercially known song
yeah ricky and daz the space cats you can go to space cats with a k
uh... dot com
oh so that's why it sounds like bus stop because those are the singers from bus stop
aha
Gotcha! That's why. You guys know this one if you've ever played frequency.
Dude, freeze pop rocks! You shut up. That was the highest genius. I like some freeze pop, I just didn't care for that freeze pop song.
uh... deejays
Miami I don't know deejays and Miami same thing so it was skyward
not bad not bad
Freezepop, again, Stakeout.
That's the song that almost got retired in the cage match,
but Jamie decided in a tie vote its fourth week to go for the other song.
Sorry, that much Freezepop every so often makes my head want to go floaty.
You'll love this. Super Sproat is another song.
song. DJ Potato with Tune In. This is a theme song also. I don't know for a theme song,
that's a little weird. Well they had a different, it's like a different version of that or cut
of that, but actually it was really good when I saw the preview video.
Alien number 613, You Got The City.
I'm digging this one, it makes me think of Chemical Love from Busta Move.
I am really digging that.
lastly zap remix
burning heat sort of feel to it
kinda weird wasn't that the same artist that did the great gianna
sisters or whatever the
the remix of that on overclock to that sounds awfully similar to no idea
whatever but it is a good start
concert music why you know what that thought i you know it just
keeps me pretty uh... excited about that i was excited but i'm looking forward to
that i'm looking forward to at least it's something fresh let me put it that
way i know it's something different so it looks like it's gonna be pretty neat
product some of the songs are hit and miss but you know every dance game has
that. So it's meant for a variety of people. Alright, cool. We're at the end of the show,
boys and girls. It's final thought time. Islander, thanks for being here tonight. Appreciate
it. Final thought? Um, final thought. Um, why am I blanking out? I don't know. Final
thought? Um, drink more orange juice. Loki, your final thought for tonight? No, I had
something
and I can't remember what it was
but uh... all I'm going to say is two things
one, go vote for our podcast on podcast alley go do it now
because honestly
you want to, you know you want to
and uh... also go check out my myspace, I'm giving him the link in the
chat room right now, okay and also go check out my myspace page
myspace dot com slash
low key fusion and that's where you're going to find the you know when I unveil brand new
new songs, or even upload works in progress.
So check out that page.
It's got a spiffy little thing you can download,
like a couple songs, including the Ecstasy remix and the
Radical Faith remix, which you might not have heard.
It's on there.
And also, there's a cool little banner that I made.
And it's pretty nice.
So anyways, check it out.
It's MySpace.com slash Loki Fusion.
Loki Fusion, all one word.
All right, I'll put that in the chat room as well.
My final thought is, because I promised somebody I would say
again. Hyperion, 7. Murdock is password god, right?
Yes, that's where I play. DarkSakura, your final thought.
Reject false ferrets. Alright, and final word of the show. You know
I gotta give it to the guest when we have one. Islander, one word that sums it all up.
See you guys next week. We appreciate you tuning in tonight.
You know, one word isn't going to do it.
It has to be two.
Go Spuds.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Approach students, close the circle at the feet of the master.
You have come to me asking that I be your guide along the path of Taekwon leap, but
Be warned! To learn its ways, you must learn the ways of your own soul.
Let us meditate upon this wisdom now. So...
Ohhhhhh...
Ah! Sir! Sir! Ooh! Ooh! Sir!
Who disturbs our meditation as a pebble disturbs the stillness of the pond?
Me!
Ed Gruberman?
Ed Gruberman.
Yeah, uh, no disrespect or nothing, but like, how long is this gonna take?
Taekwon Leap is not a path to a door, but a road leading forever towards the horizon.
So like, what, an hour or so?
No, no, we have not even begun upon the path.
Ed Grubermann you must learn patience. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah patience. How long will that take?
Time has no meaning to a true student a year is as a day here. I want to beat people up right now
I've got the pajamas
oooh, yeah, hmm!
Beat people up.
Yeah, just show me all those nifty moves so I can start trashing bozos.
That's all I came here for.
Yaaaaaaa, pretty good idea!
The only use of Taiwan Leap is self-defense.
Do you know who said that?
Ki Lo Ni, the Great Teacher.
Yeah? Well, the best defense is a good offense. You know who said that? Mel, the cook on Alice.
Well, um, Tae Kwon Lip is the wine of purity, not the vinegar of hostility.
Meditate upon this truth with us.
Listen, shrimp! Now are you going to show me some fancy moves,
or am I going to start wiping the walls with you?
Ed Grubermann, you failed to grasp Taekwon Leap.
Approach me that you might see.
Alright, finally some action.
Observe closely, class.
Boot to the head.
Ow, you pulling me in the head!
You are lucky, Ed Grubermann.
Few novices experience so much of Taekwon Leap so soon.
Now we continue.
Ahhhhhhhhh....
Hey! Hey, I wasn't ready!
Come and get me now, shorty, huh?
Come on, are you chicken?
Boot to the head.
Ow! Okay, now I'm ready, okay?
Now, come on, try it now!
Boot to the head.
Mind if I just lie down here for a minute?
Now, class, we shall return to our-
Master?
It is wrong to tip the vessel of knowledge, student.
many apologies master but I feel Ed Gruberman is not wholly wrong what do you
mean I want to boot some head to have you learned nothing from the lesson of
Ed Gruberman yes master I have learned two things first that anger is a weapon
only to one's opponent very good and secondly get in the first shot boot to
the head you missed oh yeah well you two shall be honored you don't have to you
I know. I got a big arm.
Boot to the head.
Can anyone tell us what lesson has been learned here?
Yes, Master. Not a single one of us could defeat you.
You gain wisdom, child.
So I'll have to gang up on you. Get him, go!
Boot to the head. Booty.
And now, class, let us rejoin the mind to the body
and gaze into the heart of the candle in meditation.
Very good class.
People talking in movies shows
People smoking in bed. People voting Republican. Give them a boot to the head.
Boot to the head! Boot to the head! Boot to the head! Boot to the head!
Botanics who can't fix a car, Politicians who can't think,
The salesman who won't leave me alone, The waiter who forgot my drink.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
I thought I was just putting the song up, but I forgot that I had that as the whole
thing.
My chat room got a kick out of that, so we appreciate anything that can get the chat
room all happy and stuff, because the chat room is really what keeps us going with the
show.
The chat room needs happy pants.
Kisses!
All right, thanks you guys so much for tuning in and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate it.
I just broke my damn headphones.
That's really great.
Alright, thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening tonight to Orange Lounge
Radio.
We hope to see you again next week, and the week after, and the week after that.
You're now going to get dumped from our stream, but please, re-tune back into the station
in about 15 seconds to resume...
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Thank you very much.
