Music
Too bad that there's no revenue
Don't be too loose
Don't you have a chance
Can't you have a chance
To get lost on my track
Don't you have a chance
I'ma buy you a chance
Too bad that there's no revenue
The
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio Live, episode 147,
What happens when two dance game worlds collide?
Also, that and we have a brand new UltraMix 3 song
to play for you guys tonight.
Last week, we played the I Am Gothic song by Spray.
And tonight, you get another brand new UltraMix 3
song because we're cool like that.
And we play new stuff for you guys.
All that and more tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're mentioning the Orange Line Radium Line.
This is mommy's hot radio. Oh my god.
Oh god.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live! And this is episode number 147 for this June 19th, 2005.
You're tuned in to orange lounge radio radio the gamers really want and this is orange lounge radio live
You're home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner
the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
I'm badly animated today.
You're badly drawn today?
Yeah, I'm badly drawn.
You were just drawn that way?
Today I was.
Oh, sorry to hear that.
I love the real me at home because she's currently packing up her entire life to the booties
of Citrus Heights.
Oh, okay.
All right.
I've got a house, I'm moving into a house for renting, therefore I have no life for
two weeks.
Fun!
Exactly.
I know what that's like.
Kinda.
Sorta.
Uh, just recently, as we moved in the new studio.
Anyway.
Also joining us, the recently moved Loki!
Hi.
I just moved.
Yes.
Like, to the side.
You moved from the living room to the studio.
It was very nice.
Yeah.
Unfortunately I didn't move to the pizza hut to get myself dinner.
I knew something was missing.
I forgot.
So.
I'm hungry now.
How could you-
I have a salad.
How could you-
Uh, no I don't eat salad.
I'm a meat-a-terian, okay? I don't touch that-
Her salad has bacon bits.
It has bacon and chicken in it.
Yeah, but the bacon bits aren't real.
They aren't real bacon.
Where'd you get that from, McDonald's?
Nothing's real there.
Dan says that salad is what food eats.
Exactly. You know, there's supposed to be one more step before I eat that stuff.
I'm eating this because my doctor told me to.
My doctor could tell me to eat salad all he wants,
Yeah, but I don't want to be one of those 300-pound women that walk around in a muumuu scratching their ass in the middle of Walmart with five screaming children.
Dude, I saw that the other day. Sick!
exactly
that's not going to be needed for an environment i don't know what part
don't go to work for katie
but i don't want to wear the tent either
it's only a little bit of the ones that like shot for g string shit
make a call plan to work at a wall to pick up on those young hot men
matter
i need to get we need to get my roommate in here because he
used to work in walmart you can tell i'm sorry about what the and what not
traumatized
with the with the world we can ask him about it but they might work a moment ago
it's critical
anyway
moving on special death
hello to uh... i'd never know what he wants to be called the back here this
week secret because i'm by whatever
how you doing
good playing mario dia so can you tell us anything new about the game here
habeas o'clock is an ultra moderate banks we are going to go to that night
who
uh... he told us last week that would have been an exclusive but india
activities i can tell you a last week
as though it this week okay i missed a little bit behind the new evening spray
told us the spray thing yeah well i was going to tell it to
your work
secret may say something tonight but i don't know he looks too enthralled with
whatever he's playing on his brand new Blue DS. What are you playing?
I'm playing the crappy, or actually the fun minigames of Mario.
Secret, by the way, for those of our folks who are new listeners to the show, he actually
works at the big K, Konami, and therefore, on one hand it's really great to have him
on the show, because hey, who better to talk about DDR than somebody who works on DDR,
but on the other hand, he can't tell a shit about DDR, because if they find out, you know,
You know, with the feds listening to this show and all, they'll find him and they'll
beat him up.
Right?
Is that what happens?
Something like that.
What happens to people that violate NDAs?
Or would that be a violation of the NDAs?
They in turn become violated.
It's something like that, unfortunately.
That sounds kind of exciting.
They're beaten by Simon Belmont's whip.
Alright.
Anyway, let's get to a break.
We will go to a break and come back with a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your
Day, the Azoic song we'll play for you guys tonight.
as well as whatever else tickles our fancy. Oh, how about this?
Seegerd, now this is...
I always thought this was funny because you work at Konami yet you're a huge Pump It Up fan.
Let's not talk about that. Oh, we're talking about it after this. And this break
Some old school DDR songs we haven't played in a while. We'll be back after this.
Feel the swim you hear the sound of your master on the run
You feel the sense to be the one to come on and join the journey
This is the journey into the night
As long as you start learning
Race is on the run
Are you ready?
Ready for the race
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
I'm ready for the rakes
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
I'm ready for the rakes
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Ready for the race
Are you ready?
Yeah
A place
Where nobody dared to go
The love that we came to know
They call me Salladhu
And Lord, open your eyes and see
What we have made is real
We are Salladhu
I've never loved a day that I've never been here with me
It's Saturday
Saturday
Saturday
It's Saturday
Now that I'm here, now that you're near
It's love, love, love, love, love of you
You say that love is not a possession You say that love needs fantasy You say we must give this devotion But you don't say that you love me
Sometimes I wonder what I'm doing Sometimes I'm cold and serious But when you touch my body and close your eyes My little baby I don't realize
If you can say goodbye, baby tell me why
You don't want to love me just like I do
You can say goodbye, tell me what I got to do
If you can say goodbye, baby tell me why
You don't want to love me just like I do
You can't say goodbye, tell me what I've got to do
And now you're going to blow off the lamp now.
Give it the reading on the 1202 program alarm.
🎵
🎵 Give me the enemy 🎵
🎵
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys for tuning in tonight and listening to us.
In that break, you heard Ecstasy from Fifth Mix.
Before that, from Third Mix, see if you can say goodbye by
the Cape Project.
And before that, the Olivia Project with Xanadu.
I didn't realize I kind of put him that way.
But that's all right.
And then starting that set off, a little bit of the
Captain Jack with the race, also from Third Mix.
So a lot of Third Mix on that break.
But hey, that's all right.
Third Mix rocked.
I mean, Third Mix was kind of the piece of the
Third Mix rocked.
I mean, Third Mix, Third Mix was kind of the peak of DDR in many ways.
At least a lot of folks that talk about the Japanese history of the game say it really
peaked with Third Mix, and I don't know, song list wise, I think Third Mix is one of the
best.
It really is.
I'm thinking it's all about Fourth Plus.
Fourth Plus was pretty rad.
I mean, I think that would be like, kind of like the peak, but everybody has their own
argument.
Then there's people that say, no, no, no, Extreme's got the bet, no, no, no, no, second
mix for life, whatever.
Step Battle.
Hey, it's all about Step Battle, okay?
I miss Step Battle, but I can play it at home on my Dreamcast.
Seegard, tell them to put Step Battle back in DDR.
Can you do that? I'll get right on that.
Because I know you actually write the games from scratch yourself.
With a pencil and paper.
And I put it on the sheet and kind of scroll it down.
That's real hand coding there.
Writing down the code and feeding it into a machine.
There you go.
And number two pencil on Scantron.
Is that how you guys do your dance steps on Scantron?
Yeah, but we actually use a blue ink pen instead of number two.
Do you really?
No, you don't.
Do you?
No, we don't.
Oh, okay.
I was going to say, wait a minute, no you don't.
Stop sounding serious during segments like that.
Fine.
All right.
All right.
Anyway.
with another edition of Orange Lounge Radio Live. You know I noticed that we
kind of had a hit listeners lately I don't know if it's maybe it's summertime
so some of the folks that were listening to us in college dorms just decided to
say see ya and aren't gonna listen to the show anymore but I noticed there's
been quite a bit of a drop in listeners let me put it perspective for you guys
about two months ago at this time we were at our station as a whole was at
3900 listening hours as we say so that means you know the 3900 people listen
for one hour each or some people listen more or less you know it evens out to
that right now we're looking at 2,700 listening hours we've taken a hit of
almost a third of our listeners and I'm trying to think of why that is if it's
because just summertime blahs or the fact that we had that life you see five
award thing earlier or if you just don't love us anymore
that's it we need to start selling off Loki stuff that's a good idea
put it on eBay. No I think actually maybe what part of it is is that you know we
had a bunch of weeknight shows now we only have one. We can sell Loki as a
virtual boyfriend on eBay. Nellie might have issues with that, his fiance. But
it's virtual. Like the like the Chi that was on eBay. I don't know. So I
don't know I think part of that might be because we don't have as much weeknight
programming of course the lovely dark Sakura of being the trooper she is still
has her Tuesday night show and I hope you all are listening because it's very nice.
It's a nice program.
I have a few people.
It's something the whole family can sit around the computer and really enjoy.
Sure if they want to hear, hi dad, I'm in jail, I like it here.
Yeah so, but no, we're going to remedy that.
We have a brand new show.
I don't know how much I want to say about it yet because it's not done, but we're going
to have a lunchtime show.
So we're going to have programming in the daytime, which should be very interesting.
And it's gonna be something that plays for like a half hour every Monday through Friday.
And what it is, I can't tell you yet, but you'll find out very soon.
It's gonna be very cool.
I love, I love the idea, partially because I've worked so hard on it, but I think it
really is a good idea.
So, you'll have that.
And of course, also we had some posts on the forums this week on the OrangeLaunchRadio.com
site on the forums.
Some folks wanted to know, what happened outside the box?
Unfortunately, due to real life and people having jobs, especially at employers that
can't seem to give them regular schedules, et cetera, et cetera, we kind of had to put
outside the box on the back burner for a long, long time.
So pretty much for the foreseeable future until stuff changes.
So I'm working on a new show that will hopefully debut soon on Wednesdays.
And I don't know when that will be.
It will be this week or next week.
So stay tuned to the website for more information on that, kids.
It just depends.
This is going to be a crazy week this week.
You know, my birthday is next Sunday.
You're going to be old.
What are you going to buy me?
A ticket to help me move?
Wait, that's right.
You're going to be driving the truck.
You're going to be moving next Sunday.
Oh, God.
We'll let you drive the U-Haul.
You do not want me driving the U-Haul.
That is some scary shit right there.
I cannot drive U-Hauls.
So you don't want me doing that.
But actually next Sunday, June the 26th, is my actual birthday birthday.
And because Dark Soccer is moving, and because I have my birthday, we are not going to have
a live show that night.
I don't think.
No!
No live show that night.
But we will have something else in our place.
And then, but in two weeks, when we come back July 3rd, huge show because it's our three
year anniversary, if you can believe it.
Three years of doing this crap.
Three years, three studios, three hosts, three migraines every week.
All kinds of aches and pains.
Yes, so we've got that to look forward to.
Torture, torture.
Yep.
All right, so that'll be coming on July 3rd, of all things, so that's like, you know, July
3rd, it's three years, dah, dah, dah.
We'll try to get some fun guests lined up for that show, too.
I think that would be fun.
We should get some guests here that we haven't had for a while.
Maybe we can get Mr. Spanky.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Anyway, enough of me blabbing, let's talk about our weeks and our days, and what's going
on in the wonderful life of yourself, starting off with the one and only, Dark Sakura.
My week has been just work and moving, and lots and lots of pain, not the band, but they're
But I've been having a flare-up from my car accident.
I am having some pretty bad muscle spasms around my right hip, so I scheduled myself
an appointment to see the doctor, who gave me more lovely Vicodin, a new muscle relaxer
called Robaxin, I think is what it's called, something like that, and more ibuprofen, lots
and lots of lovely refills of everything, and then also told me that the reason why
I'm having other pain is because my diet is, uh, hurting my digestion. So I get to completely
change how I'm eating, which is a lot of fun. So, yeah, salad. Um, other than that, I've
been doing nothing but moving. I haven't played any games, really, except for, like, a couple
the games on the Gorillaz site before I found out that we're actually moving next weekend
and not a weekend after. Fun.
How exactly do you take news like that? With a WTFucking F? That's just not like a what
the fuck, it's what the fucking fuck. To put it in perspective, you've got what
the fuck and then what the fucking fuck. But I did get through a lot of stuff yesterday
and today. I also got Tanda to take me to Outback. Mmm ribs. But I found a bunch of
stuff I bought from Alabama including a whole bunch of Superman comics and like
New Mutants all the stuff I was into. I found one of my old RPG journals from
when I played D&D. It was great. Found old character sheets, lots of old nerdy crap.
I found my e20s. Oh, I kept all those together. I know where my dice are. No, no, we ain't
having that. You're a total geek, I love it. I also did find my sketchbook from 1996. I
want to take you back, take you back. Okay. Sorry. That was when I was living in the college
dorms so I'll uh I maybe I'll scan a couple and put them up I also found a
picture of from my first anime expo when I had long hair and that was scary so
maybe those will find their way onto the internet because actually I look a lot
better now than I did then because my first year here I put on like 10 pounds
right away. California will do that to you. Either that or making anorexic. See the one
extreme or the other. Yeah, but that's it for me. Other than I hate dust! Alright, moving
on. Loki! Hey, how was your week? How was your day? Huh? Oh. Yeah, we do a show here,
That's right. Um, well let's see what I do this week. Um, well finally, my purchase of, um, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas has finished, so I was able to play my game, legally. And, um, so, it was quite interesting because I was trying out every single mod.
Did the credit card get held up? What exactly slowed this down?
You have to understand, you see, that, you know, when you're shipping stuff, sometimes,
you know, the truck breaks down or whatnot.
Right.
But over the internet sometimes...
Or when you're in a queue.
I know, I know.
They just...
For some reason, you know, the last bit of the game just, you know, wouldn't ship or
wasn't ready to ship right away for like about a week, you know, I guess as a manual or a
sticker or something.
So I had to wait for a while for it to get done shipping and then I was ready to go play
my brand new game and so anyways the graphics are awesome and I got to actually try out
some of the mods in it so it was the first thing I did I modded the trash master to be
super fast and handle like crazy so that was fun and then for some reason I did this code
where it says become a slut magnet and so I put it in and for some reason I was in the
the GIMP outfit with the dildo and my army of sluts following me, so that was interesting.
And then, um, uh, what else? Remind me to save that clip for the next intro.
Uh, nice. Thank you. You're welcome. Appreciate it. Anyway, I want that, I want that on, like,
one button demand, where I can push a button and I can hear Loki talking about it. Hey,
This isn't the first time that a clip of me talking about Grand Theft Auto has been used
in one of our intros.
That's very true.
Anyways, um, so, after playing around with the game some, um, what was it, actually the
only thing that pissed me off about the game is the controls in it because you have to
kind of use the mouse and keyboard and I hate that because I don't play first person shooters
so I don't like the mouse keyboard thing, I like, you know, just one thing and be done
with it but no whatever I'll figure a way around that then other than that
we're just scoping out locations for the wedding I think we found one and pretty
much that's it I got I found I got spending our thousand dollars for even
more rings this okay the woman is getting three goddamn rings okay she's
getting she's getting ring number one which is the current ring now that she
picked out and guess what? You can't make a wedding band for it. It would have to be
custom made. So she gets engagement ring number two. Make her pawn it. She won't. She has
sentimental attachments. Anyways, so she gets. I have sentimental attachments for my money.
She gets engagement ring number two, okay, and then wedding band. And so engagement ring
number two is now being referred to as the bling ring. So she's getting the bling ring
and then she has the ring engagement ring and then her wedding band.
And how many rings do you get?
I get one.
One student ring.
You know what?
She's paying for that ring.
Oh, that's nice.
Okay.
But I have to pay for the other three, okay?
You know what?
I think this whole wedding ring business is retarded, because the only reason that...
See, Dan and I are having one each, and we're having them custom made to match.
Together the price is $650.
Damn straight, that's what I'm saying, but...
I want it made out of titanium.
uh... mine was going to be made out of tan but it's too dark so here's what i want for
my wedding instead of the rings cause rings sit on my finger get dusty i have to get them
cleaned i want wedding sex that's what i want
well i'm getting that too but you know i mean you know i'd get that without a wedding
see the ring the ring is made to you know so when it's i guess
i guess you'd call it like uh...
you know uh... it's the collar of bondage
I guess.
It's a chick magnet is what it is, because you know women love married men.
You know how when you take magnets and you put the negative against the negative and
they won't stick together for any reason, in fact, they push each other away with great
force.
That's what the wedding ring does in the chick magnet sense.
No, I think you misinformed, but anyways, sorry, I don't understand your hetero-culture.
I don't understand women either, so, you know, we're pretty even on it.
You know what, I don't understand other women myself, because I think that this whole...
I think the whole wedding business is retarded.
Damn straight!
Why the hell do we have to spend so much money after one fucking day?
I'm getting married in the backyard, and the ceremony isn't going to be longer than five
minutes, and then I'm going to have a party and get fucking drunk!
I just want to point out, Orange Lounge Radio is here bridging the gap between straight
men and gay men, because we can at least agree on one thing.
Women are crazy.
Damn straight, and I can say this because I'm certifiably nuts.
Anyways, so yeah, we've already set a date.
It is on a Sunday, but it is next year.
And yeah, and I won't be going to E3 next year, unfortunately, because that falls the
week after the wedding, which that won't be good.
Why do you think I rescheduled mine away from April?
Oh, I'm doing mine in three months.
Fire!
I don't care.
I mean, ironically enough, they'd probably be paying my way.
Make her come with.
We'll introduce her to celebrities.
In a relationship, there must always be compromise, not,
you know, OK, whatever you say.
Yeah, but I don't think honeymoon over, uh,
I don't think I'm going to win that, you know?
All right.
But anyways, so yeah, yeah.
But this will be the night she's listening,
and your ass is dead when you get home.
She's not listening.
She doesn't even know how to listen to this show.
All right.
I started planning a wedding, an actual wedding.
I went on one of those retarded websites
that gives you a budget.
And I saw all this paying for this crap and this crap and this.
A nude mariachi band?
No.
And I was like, they started off the budget at like $7,000.
And I'm like, fuck a bunch of that! That's, you know, like, all my savings right now!
I'd be lucky if ours was $7,000.
So basically, ours is probably- we're probably gonna get out of my wedding for under $1,000.
Under $1,000.
And then probably go spend another $1,000 when we have our two days at Disneyland honeymoon.
And then come back home and go to work.
You know, we've been together for seven years already. We don't need all this bullshit.
Now I'm wondering since gays can't technically get married, can we get some kind of discount?
That's what I'm wondering. Since we get discount weddings, do we get discounts on the costs?
Just curious.
No, that's all though for a gay wedding. They had this on...
Oh God, I don't even remember which show it was.
Probably something on Bravo, probably.
Well, one of my friends was telling me about some other friends of hers who actually had their last names combined into one new last name.
One of my friends was telling me about some other friends of hers who actually had their
last names combined into one new last name effective when they were married.
I've heard of that kind of stuff.
I'm going to have a fucked up last name.
I just want the tax breaks.
I'm going to have a fucked up Dutch last name.
I have no Dutch blood in me.
Wait a minute, now without giving away the soon to be Mister's last name, does it start
with the same three letters that my last name does? No. My real one? No. Oh, I thought it
did. Because that would have been funny if we were both... I know, if you want some Dutch
blood in your system, we can go find a Dutch virgin that you can convert over to a man.
I'm half Dutch, don't do that. I'm not against anyone Dutch, mind you, because there's you
you and there's yeah yeah I'm sitting right here so say it I'm I'm got the
tons of Celtic and then you know Slavic mix which means I can't out drink
anybody and it also means you're very Enya-esque
anyways yeah we looked at the wedding location crap and that's about it I
thought about playing Final Fantasy but I had other things I was working on so I
I can't do that. I've started to get another project, so this one does not involve any
actual purchasing of anything or any sort of actual monetary dedication. So, yeah. But
it's going to take a very, very, very, very, very long time to finish.
quotes from the chat room www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat.
SSJ100Matt says they say 65 to 75 percent of men masturbate on their
honeymoon. Also 53 percent of statistics are made up on the spot I
guess I don't know. All right anyway let's move on. Loki did you have any
thoughts?
God damn!
Ow!
My foot!
Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
I didn't do it in the conversation.
No!
My foot!
I need that for walking!
No, we were talking about clips of you that I like to have.
I like to have them handy.
I like to save them for a rainy day because, you know, some days I'm feeling sad and I
I got yelled at at work and you know I'm not able to do something on the computer or something
so I have to come in and then I get cheered up.
I'm working on something cool. It'll be fun.
Seegard. Hi. How was your week? How was your day?
Why did we switch back to my old name from last year?
I don't know. I felt...
You have many names.
It's confusing to me.
or no, we're not having a show next week.
If you're next, yeah, we'll just call you Seagletov.
I like that.
I don't.
Well, could I call you Mickey Gert?
That's kind of funny.
I called you Mickey Gert last week,
but I think more people know you as Seagert.
More people know you as Seagert.
I think I should have called you Seagert last week.
Okay, but it doesn't matter to me.
Nobody cares anymore anyway.
You're too busy writing in pencil, too.
Dude, I'm playing minigames.
We're talking about work, I thought we were talking about now.
I got my hair cut.
That's about it.
And it's cute.
Thank you.
I like his new haircut quite a bit.
It's too bad the webcam sucks and we can't use it right now.
I can hold the microphone up to my hair and see if that helps.
Okay, let's see.
Do you hear that, y'all?
That sounds like hair.
That sounds like hair.
I didn't do much else.
I worked and I came here and...
Any songs getting you stuck in your head at work lately?
Only the ones I keep on my PSP from Echo Image that has nothing to do with DDR, or my British
band Manson I like.
I see.
Just prying.
The only thing to drink?
Forget it.
What?
I don't understand.
You have no idea how much Radiohead I've been listening to the last week.
Why?
Is that your angry band?
is not an angler than my depressed band. That makes sense. Every other song that popped
up on my iPod has been Radiohead or Super Furry Animals. My depressed music, and I hate
to admit this because it's going to make me sound so gay, but my depression music is Tori
Amos. Like, if I break it out the Tori, just get away. I wanted to slit my wrist after
listening to a combo of Radiohead, Bjork, Gloomy Sunday, and Tori Amos. You know, I
I wanted to slit my wrists after hearing Bjork's latest album as well, but that's just because it fucking sucked.
I liked it. I thought it was very stylish.
I didn't like it. That's alright.
That's because you need to expand your horizons.
Broaden them.
Hey, my musical horizons are very broad. I mean, look at my selection.
Trans-Ombiate!
Britney, Christina, Hilary Duff, Backstreet Boys...
No, I'm kidding. I don't listen to that crap.
You have one Britney Spears song. You have the expansive music taste of a teenage girl.
Yes, that's a very good description.
Thank you. Speaking of music, it's quite funny. You know that one song by Gwen Stefani,
Hollaback Girl? Never heard it, thank God.
This shit is Bananas. B-A-M-A. Yeah, okay.
So Nellie was singing the song like all week but with the wrong lyrics
because she didn't know what the lyrics were and I'm trying to remember where they were but it's
something about kenny rogers eight micah eight no carlum back girl or
something like that
uh... put it was really weird
being
the
fighting may have a lot of that i don't know what to do
i don't think that no where she's
her lyrics are actually better than the song so
i will never
ever
ever support anything gwen stephanie does ever again
is this have to do with the fact that every photo she's in now she's with
these like totally fake japanese girls
has everything to do with that
scariest
i do not do you think she's a japanese girl cuz she's not
what she is doing is actually very damaging to
women in general
that's like saying shane's black
uh...
Gwen Stefani no longer receives any bit of support from me that I might ever have.
Never.
You know what's weird?
She is a waste of human flesh.
I was...
And she can't sing for shit.
We were listening to the first, well I mean no doubt had what, three albums before they
got big.
So we were listening to their first big album.
Tragic Kingdom, is that it?
We were listening to Tragic Kingdom the other day in the car.
And I was looking at the linear notes, because I was like the one person that never bought
Tragic Kingdom.
I'm assuming...
I have it.
You have it?
I thought that the first one, yeah, I thought back then I thought it was funny. Yeah, no, no. Now I can't, I can't- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I haven't gotten to my point yet.
But I was looking at the linear notes, I was looking at the pictures and I was like, oh my god, they're so young in these pictures. Like, they're like five years younger than I am now.
And that just made me feel old. When Gwen Stefani looks like five years younger than me, that makes me feel really old. I just wanted to share that.
I got a new high score right now on my Mario game.
Very nice.
What Mario game?
The one where you hit the shells with the paddle.
Good job.
Alright, my week and my day was okay, I guess.
I just did the work thing.
And yesterday I went to IKEA with some friends, including Sigurd, because we picked him up
at the BART and then went over to IKEA.
And if they don't have IKEA in your neighborhood, then too bad for you because IKEA is very
cool and they sell like, it's totally like my first apartment, the store.
It's great.
And they have, you know, stuff that you, it's Lego furniture because you take it home and
build it yourself.
And I was being a real nasty bitch though because I hadn't eaten in like 12 hours and
I was getting a massive headache it was really really bad like I don't know what
it was and so the only cure was Swedish meatballs from Ikea so I had to wait in
line for like 30 minutes to get Swedish meatballs and that was cool because
Swedish meatballs rock and then we my buddy John bought like a new bookshelf
and it was so big that it wouldn't fit in the trunk of his car so he had to lay
it out in the backseat except the only problem was is that he was taking five
people in his car so there were three of us in the backseat with a new bookshelf
shelf, and I think my feet are still in a little bit of pain. I don't know about you,
Sigurd, but my feet are in pain.
You don't know pain until you ride in the back of VW Bug crammed with four people in
the back seat.
You don't know pain until you're forced to sit through a Britney Spears marathon.
Which we might do tonight if we run out of show.
Actually, I do know that kind of pain, because I sat through a marathon of, what was it,
Chaotic.
I just found out that I'm going to go see George Carlin on the 9th.
Well, that's kind of cool.
Yeah. And then go see the guy who does the Here's Your Sign.
You know, when you first said George Carlin, this is what a dummy I am.
When you first said George Carlin, I was thinking of the guy from the P-Funk All-Stars with, like, the rainbow in his hair.
That's...
I know, it's something completely different.
Clinton.
It's George Clinton.
I'm like, wait a minute. No, no, no.
Dude, I'd go see Carlin too if I could.
I know, but I can totally see you at a Parliament-funk concert, it'd be hilarious.
George Carlin is freaking awesome.
Yeah, and then George Carlin is the seven words you can't say guy.
And then what's his name? Bill Engvall?
Engvall.
We're going to go see him in November.
Bill Engvall is with Blue Collar TV, and I don't like that show.
There's one, no actually one of the guys that's on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour, the like really
angry one, he's actually pretty good because his comedy isn't all redneck comedy, it's
just pretty, it's just normal comedy.
Whereas like, you know, Jeff Foxworthy couldn't do normal stand-up comedy, you know, his life
depended on.
Um, but I can't remember if Bill Engvall's the good one or not, it's um, the guy that's
in the black, like, like shirt or whatever that they have him on.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, the black shirt.
He's always wearing black on their god damn shows, kay?
Johnny Cash?
I don't...
He's dead!
Dead!
The man in black is dead.
Thank you.
Whatever.
Okay, I'm dead.
Alright.
Uh, yeah, so IKEA.
That was pretty much my week.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Alright.
Well, you also watched Touch of Satan.
I did.
I watched Touch of Satan at the Mystery Science Theater thing, and that was...
The Touch of Satan one...
I don't know, like, I don't find Mystery Science Theater 3000, like, hilarious, like a lot
of my friends do, but I appreciate it, I respect it, I just don't laugh out loud a lot, but
that Touch of Satan, the bad thing is, is I was actually sitting there watching, you
know, the Mystery Science Theater thing, and I'm kind of going, you know, I'm kind of curious
what this movie is like without all the talking.
I don't know why, I think I just like bad movies.
I don't know why, some of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 movies are really funny, some
or not. This island earth can be yours if the price is right. And my other favorite
line in that one, my own private airfield. Which one is that from? The movie. And then
there's the one with the gunslinger, which is one of my favorites, with the female sheriff.
That one's really wrong. What was it, the touch of Satan, it had some wonderful lines
about like, they kept making references to walnut farming or something like that. And
like he's oh no my my prize walnut died or something like that because manos the hands
of fate where they showed the movie so awful that the doctor and the assistant both apologized
for making them watch it and then they came out in the robe with feet on it i have futos
no pedos that was it blink blink blink i'm lost that's right all right i have one more
little thing okay we watched the episode where they kept talking about waffles one night
when I lived in Alabama. I had waffles Saturday night. Lovely. I just wanted to share. My
friend and I wanted waffles so bad after watching this episode that we ran to the Super Walmart,
bought waffles, and came back and ate a whole box of waffles. Okay, once again at Walmart.
At Walmart. Hey, as in Alabama though, we did not have Target then. Alright. Yeah, we're
gonna go, well we're gonna go to a break and then we'll go get them. Well, not a full break
though, we're just gonna do one song real quick because the chat room requested this,
Because it is Father's Day, so Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there listening.
I don't know if we have any fathers that listen to this show, but if we do, hi, and Happy
Father's Day to you.
Did you guys do anything special today?
I forgot to call my daddy, but my daddy lives in a trailer by Lake Eufaula now.
Oh, okay.
I went and saw Batman Begins with my dad.
How was that?
It was good, actually.
Best Batman ever.
Best Batman ever?
No, seriously, best Batman movie ever.
go see it. We highly recommend it. You will not be disappointed.
Alright. We're going to do this real quick because the chat room suggested we dedicate
this to the daddies of the world right now. So we're going to play a song from DDR Solo
and it's called my baby mama and we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge.
Boy oh boy, And if you don't change you be cryin' boy.
Cause something ain't right, and you know it king, that's probably why she makin' your
behind, Boy you got more who she mama's then a two-damn
honest recruiting.
Now who that is?
It's my baby momma.
It's who that is?
It's my baby momma.
It's my baby mama.
Now who's that is?
It's my baby mama.
It's who that is.
It's my baby mama.
Now who's that is?
It's my baby mama.
Now who's that is?
It's my baby mama.
That's my baby mama.
Now who's that is?
It's my baby mama.
It's my baby mama.
baby mama know who that is with my baby mama
alright
dedicated to the dads of the world there who one dad having to defend himself
there in that song actually you know
just remember your dad could be like that that song is about a guy cheating on his
woman saying he's off with his baby mama don't want no scrub
anyway
we have uh... now somebody who hasn't been on the show a whole lot but we have my
roommate here hi hello how are you
I'm doing well. How are you? Do you have a stage name you want to use?
Um, Extifer. Extifer. Okay, Extifer.
Extifer, you used to work at Walmart, correct?
I did. I used to work at Walmart. This is true. Right. Okay, so we've been talking about
Walmart tonight and just
we were talking during the show about, um, what was it, Jamie, you said you said you didn't want to
old up, or end up like an old woman who weighs... I don't want to be one of those middle-aged,
300-pound women in a moo-moo with five chillins.
Momma, I want me a new Barbie. Momma, get me some chicken.
And so it had me thinking, well we should be asking Xtaphir about the funny people that show up at Walmart.
So do you have any interesting like 400 pound women that buy like thongpanny stories or anything?
We, I don't have like any 400 pound women buying thong stories, but like I had a bunch of like guys by the,
like Walmart used to have this like promotion or something like that
like that had to do with thong underwear and they were like stripper thong
underwear
like the flashy kind and like a bunch of... Wait, you're talking about guy
thong underwear? Yeah, guy thong underwear. Okay.
And like a bunch of like heavyset
like latino guys like came through my line like one time
and bought a bunch of them and I just thought it was kinda weird.
Is that all they bought? Yeah, it was actually.
You know what else would have been funny if they'd bought like all those thongs and a
jar of mayonnaise or something? Just to kind of throw you?
I don't remember any mayonnaise, but the thongs were still funny.
Wait, so they were buying, like there were how many of them?
I don't remember off the top of my head, but maybe like three or four probably.
And then they were buying like just ten? They bought them together, that's the funny
about it is I mean I don't know like if you're gonna buy some thong underwear I
guess invite your friends maybe it was less embarrassing to buy together I
don't know well now what is what is the policy on that see obviously you can't
point and laugh at them and go haha you're buying underwear oh I have I have
a good poker face so I'm just like you know I just ran through and let yeah
then had my laughs afterwards in the break room so you know like as you're
grabbing the underwear and putting it on the scanner, are you thinking, this is going to
be touching some fat guy's balls pretty soon?
Actually, I do think that.
But I'm just glad that it hasn't yet.
Anyhow.
Any other wonderful, glorious Walmart stories you want to share?
If I do come up with any, I'll let you know.
All right.
Sounds good.
Thank you.
We should make this a regular segment where you come tell us a funny Walmart story.
So you get to work on next week's edition.
Or we're not here next week.
You have two weeks to come up with another one. That's a lot of time.
Alright, you do that.
Alright, you do that.
Thank you. Extra firm.
Poor bastard has his house taken over every Sunday by us.
How would you like that?
Well, I have an offer. Open.
Oh, that's true, huh? Yeah.
Yeah, if you don't mind going out to the boonies at Citrus Heights.
I used to live in the boonies at Citrus Heights.
Well, not really the boonies, but...
Not really the boonies. It's a nice neighborhood.
Okay.
Yeah, it's a nice little...
I think I know which area you're going to...
I'm going to have a yard!
Dude, you're going to have to water a yard, or do that, you're going to have to water
a yard?
I'm... shit, no, Dan's job.
My parents are going on vacation, they want me to come over and water.
What's this manual labor stuff?
Alright.
Uh, let's talk about some actual DDR, Bamani-ish news, things going on.
Loki, this is interesting because no other website is running this story except for us,
so I'm assuming this is something you actually found out through your own means, but you're
talking about release dates for some of the new games.
Yeah, it's a perk of being in the video game sales business, so I have the two initial
street dates straight from Konami of when the new games will be coming out, and the
The first one being September 28th, I want to say, for DDR Extreme.
According to our website, our own website, orangehonestrainer.com, DDR Extreme 2 is going
to be out September 28th, 2005, and DDR UltraMix 3, November 2nd, 2005.
That's correct.
Election Day, right?
First Tuesday?
I don't vote.
Thank you for ruining America.
So define what initial street date means. Does this mean it's already solid or what?
Let me give you an idea of how solid game street dates are. There's this game called
Psychonauts. That's right, Psychonauts. It came out on the Xbox not too long ago. It's
supposed to be coming out for the PlayStation 2. This was back in May. It got pushed to
June. Then it got pushed to July. Then it went back to June. Back to July, then back
to June and it finally came out in June but so it depends certain companies
they'll move the dates around a little bit it being about you know a ways away
date wise you know three months away it's possible it can move I don't think
it will I'd be just because Konami is pretty good on their dates other
companies like EA and I don't know um Rockstar and anybody that's owned by
jack-of-all-games, their dates are all fucked up. All over the place. But, yeah, so basically
I think that's probably pretty solid, just because the other two games before came out
around the same time, so it makes sense, you know.
Interesting. I tried it, and Seagrid left the room, but I...
Well, I'll let you know, like, as we're getting closer, when they're coming out, because I
am the one that actually keeps track of our date changes in our system, so...
That's cool. Good. So you're taking it to OrangeLaundry.com. Love it, love it.
Yeah.
And then, Karaoke Revolution Party Edition. I know that's coming out too.
Oh, and also the bundle I think is going to be $69, I think.
What bundle?
For, um, it's UltraMix III, I think, is their bundle. $69 retail.
I hear the Xbox pad's really good. I've never played with one.
But I still use my Red Octane Ignition because it hasn't broke yet, so it serves me well.
And I know Taiko No Tatujin 2's coming out at some point.
Really? Or you mean Taiko Drum Master?
Whatever.
I don't know. You gotta post more about the other games, too, not just the two.
I try. I'm like trying to keep track of...
Literally, there's a date change every day of the goddamn week.
Seriously, there's all these games that don't exist that our Dallas people are saying that do exist,
and I tell them that they're not, and then they're wrong, and yeah.
Anyway, these dates should really come as no surprise, because it's always been kind of assumed
both games are coming out in the fall and honestly we kind of have a pattern going here
now from the past two years and you know we usually get extreme September-ish and we get
the UltraMix games November-ish so this really isn't a surprise at all that these dates are
the way they are.
Although one is really close to the end of month and one is really close to the beginning.
I don't remember the games coming out so close together because they're only about four weeks
apart at this point and I think previously we've had like seven or eight weeks in between
indie games, so that's one thing. Well, it's really like, you know, as far as the release
schedule or whatever. Seegard, you're back. Now, I don't know what you can tell me and
can't tell me about NDAs. We're talking about the release dates for Extreme 2 and Ultra
Mix 3. Are they close? Or what? What do you know? I honestly know nothing about the release
dates, except what online retail sites are saying, and usually you can trust those if
If it's not Red Octane putting out the game, sorry, but let's face it, you pushed back
three times.
If it's not in the groove, it usually has a pretty good release date, and if they report
on it, they usually get that from the company, but I haven't seen any official things in
the office.
It's kind of weird that he would find out before you, but I guess that's the way it
goes.
Well, he doesn't deal with the sales end of it.
We've also gotten GameStop has most of them too, so I'd just ask Dan if everyone would know anything.
They're all in the same mailing list.
What I want to know is when are those vrares, assuming that both are going to have a vrare again,
I don't see why they wouldn't because I think people like those and Konami likes it when people like things.
Assuming we're getting new vrares, I'm not going to bother asking Seeker because he'll just tell me NDA,
but assuming we're getting new vrares, the question is when will those come out?
Do we get them maybe before, with a pre-order, or are we just going to get them the day of the game?
Well, you know, maybe we can get some hookups with those people from Konami of Japan checking on our show.
We were perusing our website statistic logs for another project, and we were looking at some of the domains that have been visiting us,
and we were kind of happy with some of the ones we saw. So, hi to our friends at Konami of Japan who listen secretly to our show.
What time is it there?
Like I don't think they listen to the live show, but I think they're there on the site
Well, they're definitely I was listening to the repeat depending on the time of day. Yes, the DER
comb on why
That's time of day. I don't know. I'm trying to think what time of day it would be that the show repeats
Yes, the DER freak radio rewind every Friday night at six o'clock six or seven check ddrfreak.com for the details
Friday nights over on ddrfreak.com
All right, so there's your release dates for the new games. I think we'll do, we'll
actually go to a longer break right now and when we come back from this break we
got a brand new UltraMix 3 song to play for you guys and we want to talk
about this story. Pump It Up and In The Groove Are Joining Forces and yes we
already knew this in some capacity but I was quite surprised with the news I
heard this week so I'm really curious to see what you guys have to say about
Skypline will be open as well at some point when we come back so let's go to a
break and we'll come back so in this break I think we'll hear some since we
didn't last break we did some DDR songs we haven't heard in a while and this
break we'll do like some 2dx songs we haven't heard in a while so we're gonna
start it off with let's see I don't know what am I in the mood to hear let's hear
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
We are your actors, everything's gonna be alright
I want to make a move for you, can't fake it now
I can't fake it now, I can't fake it, can't fake it, leave me all night
Yeah, every day, everywhere, I don't even wanna tell
Can't kite since then
Toppetto nakusho, mohiki dashi wo tanaga lei ri ase
Sorete, mosorete, mosala nisei, gache
Ashita hukukare, sono nagare, ke, e
Niki wo serimare, sau, sakete, kiridare
2, 2, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
Belong lover, don't wake up, wake up, awak, awak, awak
I want to be with you, don't get shocked
Let's make it, let's go
I just wanna make it so I can stay
This is what it is all about
I just want to make one little one
You can't make it now
I just can't make it now
I just can't make a difference
Right
And the beat. And the beat.
And the beat.
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
Mmm, mmm, mmm
Just disturbed guys.
Just a disturbed guy.
For up to the minute Momani and gaming news, discussion forums, and for access to the Chat Room, visit our website at OrangeloungeRadio.com
might I add that Final Destination 2 is exactly the same movie as Final Destination 1 just
gorier. That is about it. It is exactly the same. How did her head get chopped off? She
was stuck in an elevator door and then, yeah, her head was stuck in an elevator door. I
don't know. The Final Destination movies were all these crazy death trap scenarios. It was
like mouse trap, you know? First the ball rolls down the stairs and it rolls down a
little tube and it sets off the guy who jumps off the bed. You know, all that crap. I love
That's like the Final Destination movies. It's like Mouse Trap the movie, except people die in hideous ways.
That'd be hilarious if there was a movie where the villain, like, his calling card was the Mouse Trap game, and then, like, the whole thing would set off a bomb at the end.
The only problem with Mouse Trap, though, is that sometimes it didn't go off just right. You know, it gets stuck or something. So I guess that wouldn't work.
work.
Well anyway, I don't know, this guy with a hook got the chick's hair and then she ended
up getting stuck in the door because of it.
I don't know, whatever, and then it was like, ew blood, and then Extra First said something
about that all the...
I haven't seen Final Destination 2, I've only seen the first one, but he said something
about Kool-Aid, all the blood looks like Kool-Aid, just...
Yeah, there's a lot of CG blood in this one.
I see.
and gets killed by a giant like window falling on them and like flattens them
by the way if we're spoiling the movie for you good just don't bother watching
it actually the same fucking movie you know the first movie I don't want to
spend too much time talking about a series of movies it's over five years
old but when we went saw the first movie in the theater you remember that scene
where the chick gets hit by the bus my best friend at the time and I were
laughing and laughing and laughing and people were turning around in the
theater looking at us going you insensitive bastards that girl just got
splattered all over the street and we're laughing and laughing cuz it's the way
that it happens she's all screws like here comes the bus in Jurassic Park 3
when they were pulling the people out of the field buffet buffet I haven't seen
Jurassic Park 3 because it just, you know, it was Jurassic Park 3, and I figured one
and two was the-
It was with the raptors.
Really?
They were, they were, these people were crossing the fields and the velociraptors were running
through this tall field, and just, you'd see little people, whoop, disappear, whoop, disappear,
and we were like, it's a buffet for the raptors.
See, for a second there, before she mentioned raptors, I thought it might have been like,
know, I don't know, maybe um, Rosie O'Donnell or something in the field that, she might
have been like, you know, snatching people because, you never know.
Thanks.
Alright.
Back to um, the gaming realm, which we talk about here on this show, brand new UltraMix
3 news this week.
Last week, we got to unveil this, because nobody else found this, we were the first
to find this, that Spray had actually announced on their website that they were going to have
new song in Ultramix 3 called I Am Gothic and we played this song for you guys last
night to which it sounds like most of you guys had a bit of an eh reception. I like
the song. I know Seagrid likes the song but the rest of you guys are kind of eh. Here's
Here's a little reminder of IAMGothic.
So,
now this has already previously been announced on DDR Freaks in the
official UltraMix 3 thread. We don't get to be the first to tell you about this because we didn't
find this, somebody else did.
A user here by the name of Rockus,
who I think is also one of our listeners, so you go boy,
found this one.
And it's actually a link to a magazine website,
Virus Magazine, which I think has to do
with like industrial music.
And sure enough, another band has themselves said
that they have a song in UltraMix 3,
and it's a band called the Azoic.
The Azoic used to be on different drum,
and I don't think they're on there anymore,
but they used to be on different drum.
And I think it's kind of neat that the Azoic
moving over into DDR because I actually bought the Ozoic's last album of which
this song a remix of the song is on so I think that's kind of neat based off of
samples I heard on a different drum when Ultramix 2 got popular so I'm kind of
excited about that anyway the song is called conflict and it's the turmoil
mix and then the rest of the article talks about how the Ozoic.com has been
down lately but at least we get to find out a new song so hey I'm liking this
trend since Sigurd won't tell us anything about the song list just
kidding I know you're under contract or whatever the artists themselves are
starting to spill the beans about the song so now we have another confirmed
song thanks to a band with a big mouth the Azoic and Conflict so we're gonna
hear the song you guys ready yes as we got it here on Orange Lounge Radio
because that's what we do we find songs and we play them for you yep so here is
a brand new song from DDR Ultra Mix 3 the band is called the Azoic and this is
Conflict, the Turmoil Mix, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh
You're the only one here that knows the world that you live in
You know I see the light inside my face, I let you rise
You'll come and I will be with you until the sun gets gray
I know you know I'll be with you until the sun gets gray
Keep walking, keep walking for me
Walk this one, you'll be the way
You'll be here as the world
Walk, walk, walk, here as the one thing it can
And I'll walk to your view on the sand
I never knew what to be
Oh
Go away from you, please don't play
You'll be here at home now
Go home, go clear at home
Take your time and go
On to your new home now
And I never knew what to do
If I be a king
Orange Lawn's radio premiere there of Conflict, the turmoil mix.
Coming up from DDR, UltraMix III is going to be the game that has that song in it.
And that was announced by the band, or at least a magazine on behalf of the band.
I don't know how that works there.
But the beans were spilled, and there it is.
That song's going to be in UltraMix III.
What do you guys think?
Now keep in mind, the song there clocks in at 5 and 1 half minutes,
but they edit these songs down to a minute and a half, two minute range.
You'll get like a verse and a chorus.
What do you think?
sounds like the stuff that they play at Rapture. It's pretty cool.
Yeah, you know, I think it's kind of ironic that we got last week the I Am
Gothic song, which is a little tongue-in-cheek.
It wasn't really a goth song, but it wasn't really, like, anti-goth. It was just a tongue-in-cheek.
Like, it was a weird owl of goth, I think, to me. It's kinda
synth-pop, I don't know. In a way, in a way.
We get that song last week, and now we get this this week. So they actually play it
the the we get like an actual like industrial goth
kinda sounding song that you would hear at a club. It was cool, I like it.
Uh, Loki. Are they like suffering or lacking in the goth demographic
as for DDR or something? Because this is what it seems like. It's like,
how can we, you know, get those goths to play a
pop dance game? Let's put some some sad music in there. No, I, I don't know. It's
just, it's okay, I guess. But let's just, hopefully
the next few artists that announce that their songs are going to be in there will be a little
something different than, say, I don't know, goth music.
Well, now, you know, I'm sure they're going to have a variety of music, as they always
do, and Konami's not the one releasing this information either. It's coming from the artists
themselves, so maybe the gothic bands are just excited about DDR. I don't know. I don't
know what to say about that, so.
Well, whatever. I mean, it's just...
It's okay.
I didn't really care for that song too much, actually.
Seegerd, what do you think of the Ozoic?
I really, really, really like that song.
And it got stuck in my head for about a week when I had heard it previously.
But yeah, it's a good song.
I like it.
I'm glad it's in the game.
Me personally, I'm thrilled that that song made the game.
I think it's kind of weird because it's interesting
as I'm looking at the chat room reaction.
And a lot of folks are saying, I'm liking this.
Me likey.
it's a very upbeat kind of song. I like this, Arcadian42 says I hate myself and I
want to DDR. It's kind of a sad song to me it's a very
like kind of downbeat although it is upbeat dancy it's definitely a song that
will work for DDR it's it's kind of depressing in a way to me so and then I
I think about UltraMix 3's theme and all the happy bubble water theme and the, you
know, yeah it's DDR with all these happy characters, and I'm like, I love goth music and DDR, I'm
gonna go drown myself now. I don't know, it's kind of, just interesting, so. I'm sure not
every song is gonna be a goth song, I think it's just, just a coincidence. We need DDR
mix. I would so, like, buy that. I'm so gothic that I play DDR in Bach mode. Dude,
DDR UltraMix just goth served us. Alright, so we'll see what artist spills the
beans next. My advice, this is what we've had now, one, two folks from that are
somehow related to a different drum, even though maybe directly or not, keep an eye
on the websites for these guys. Don't forget that Midihead is also related to a different
drum. And Midihead is on a different drum, and we already know that Raise Your Hands
is going to be in there. We played that a few weeks ago. So, also kind of a, not so
much a goth song, but an industrial-ish song. So, kind of interesting. My advice, keep an
eye on those websites, those different drum artists, because one of them is bound to spill
the beans next. I don't think three is, it seems like last time we had more than three
different drum licenses so I'm thinking there's got to be at least at least a
couple more so we'll see all right I like this now the chat room is going off
on this every time you conform you lose a bar interesting all right um moving
on let's talk about some other big news that's going on in the scene right now
actually what happened this week is that and the Miro or no I'm sorry rocks or
put out this press release maybe it was a joint release with Andamiro I don't
know but it's actually a post that's on rock source forums rock shore games is
proud to announce their partnership with Andamiro company limited to create the
next generation of arcade dance games the first collaboration quote pump it up
colon in the groove to combine end quote combines rock source unparalleled
gameplay music and graphical content with Andamiro's co-development support
Superior cabinet construction featuring blah blah blah flat screen, blah blah
blah stereo system, blah blah blah 130 songs, blah blah blah all the songs from
the original In the Groove, blah blah blah cooperation from Roxor and Anamiro,
blah blah blah 1,100 dance routines because of all these songs, blah blah
blah, you know, singles doubles and all that, you add it up it adds up quick, blah
blah blah Pump it Up In the Groove 2 is now available from game distributors
nationwide so that was a little bit of a surprise no surprise there that
annamiro and rockstar are going to be working together we already knew annamiro
was helping in the cabinets in some capacity but now in the groove is part
of the pump it up series weird not really not really what do you think it's
just a name it's just going to be on probably the cabinets and stuff and it's
also they probably won the pump it up thing in there so they can steal that
rolling freezes or freeze rolls or whatever because you know they needed
another gimmick I've seen some posts about what is a freeze roll and I don't
remember where I read this but I do know I read it into what is the freeze roll
a freeze roll which is this new thing they're putting in in the groove to I'm
sorry pump it up in the groove to is instead of holding like a freeze arrow
you hold your foot down the freeze roll is you have to tap your foot repeatedly
like think about paranoia survivor heavy I think it was was it no no was it
paranoia survivor what's no no no no no no no no no I'm thinking I can't stop
falling in love is one what was the one in fifth mix the remarried a eternal yes
paranoid eternal remember like there's one part of it we have to go it's like
all the same like it's a down arrow or left arrow or something that's what a
freeze roll is which will kill your foot faster than anything else so I'm like
hooray it's another thing to hurt myself on in the group sorry pump it up in the
group
well what i remember from pump it up because they have that actually in there
is the more you hit at the more point you get
during that for ok well that's kinda like uh... like a note
catches it out there so i'm like that i could attach it in the more you hit or
don't you know i'm going to have more you hit during one of those roles more
point you get i think that's well that's not as bad benefits and then senate
I think that's what it is, but it's still retarded. Whatever. I mean, it's...
I'm not gonna go, oh, that game was freeze-rolled, I gotta go play it right now.
No.
It's okay. I mean,
okay, they want a new idea.
Here you go. It's a new idea. Whatever. I'm glad though they have the nice
widescreen monitor to show off those really bland graphics in a really large, you know, size.
Because, you know, a game like that just really needs the extra monitor space and
resolution because, you know, before it couldn't quite show off the bland graphics that were
in it.
Well, now, now, in the press release under In the Groove 2, I'm sorry, pump it up, In
the Groove 2, under the new features, all new graphics, featuring new In the Groove
characters.
Oh wow, they're going to be bland too?
You know, all new graphics meaning, we made it red, that's what it is, we made it red,
all new graphics, featuring In the Groove characters.
Where have I seen dancing characters before? Where did I see that?
Maybe it was in Maniac Mansion.
That's right, it was Maniac Mansion.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It was the Jungle Beat game. The Jungle Book, Jungle Beat game.
Yeah, they did kind of box out.
Because they had the characters.
Nowhere else have they seen dancing characters before and they make custom characters.
In this game, it's actually a DDR sim. It's called StepMania.
Yeah, in which this game is in no way based on at all.
Speaking of which, I got a funny story about that later.
OK.
Let's see, unlockable songs and expert steps.
Greatly expanded compatibility for USB memory cards.
I think I was reading somewhere where the USB will now
not only download your scores, but the whole damn arcade
high scores will go on your USB card, which is interesting,
I guess.
I think they're trying to formulate this way of doing like a national ranking, which, you
know what, one thing I really like about In The Groove and I give them a lot of credit
for it, the USB support is phenomenal and I wish DDR had something like it.
So I'll give them that and I'm interested to see how they expand on the USB support.
So that's exciting news to me.
Novice difficulty with helpers like Traffic Light and Constant Scroll to assist players
who are just getting started.
I have no idea what that means, but okay.
light that sounds interesting let's see 65 new songs this is one other thing I
like about in the groove vs. DDR because how many times has your DDR machine been
reset at the local arcade and you cannot get the stupid arcade operator to put in
the code to unlock stoic and all that stuff because you know they they do an
outside vending company or something so nobody will open the machine even if you
know the code, you can't put it in. Well, one thing I like about what In The Groove
does and Pump It Up In The Groove 2 is going to continue is that the unlock codes are actually
entered by the players via the dance pad. So I think that's good. Smart idea. So that's
coming back and all that stuff that you've come to know and love or whatever about In
The Groove. Loki, any more hateful thoughts?
Well, I got something that's not exactly... It's In The Groove news, but it's not related
to this particular Indigroov news.
Okay, well try me.
Okay, well it was basically
Indigroov was saying,
our encryption is
kick-ass and no one will be able to defeat it, yada yada yada.
Well actually, no it was not.
Because as soon as the game came out
for the U.S.
for the Playstation 2,
the entire theme, all the movies, and all the music, and all the steps, and
everything else were ripped almost instantly because, guess what, and this is going to
be a shocker, it's basically step mania. It's basically step mania. So everything was able
to be ripped almost, like, without effort and thrown into step mania. So you can get
that off your local BitTorrent site. I don't know if it's so much that as the fact as when
people say, we have a great encryption scheme that nobody will be able to hack, that is
inviting people to come in and hack it. I can think of examples that have nothing to
do with video games, such as the CD companies, like Sony and stuff, when they said, oh, we're
going to put out these copy protected CDs, and you will not be able to copy these CDs
no matter what you do, because it launches a program when you put the CD in, and you
can't copy the CDs. Well, here's the magic work around that somebody found. Get this.
hold the shift key when you put in the CD to abort the autorun feature
copy protection aborted
so okay
when somebody says that we cannot be hacked
that is just an invite
to somebody to hack them
I have to laugh because basically here's what
it's basically uh... and
and normally when people release you know like themes and stuff it's like okay
you know hey the fans wanted to go play this and stuff
well this is just spiteful stuff basically here's
Here's a little info file that's included with your local Bittorrent version of their theme.
It'd be, yes, we've done it.
We've done what those rocks or bastards claim to be impossible.
Again, we have cracked the encryption, end quotes, that houses the game's files using
tools made in-house by our cracking experts.
Since In the Groove is just a rip-off of StepMania, the files were easily portable
to the StepMania layout.
This smzip file contains songs, supporting graphics,
for use in Samania.
Well, now I'm sure a lot of In the Groove fans
are going rabble, rabble, rabble at that.
But you know, that's just some kid showing off their internet
penis because they cracked it.
Hooray for you.
Good job.
Whatever.
Don't take it too personally.
That type of stuff.
It's quite funny.
But basically, you can actually see some rips here
on itgfreak.com.
appropriate that they'd be on there, and they're pretty much perfect, granted there's some
little tweaks. Are the loading times improved when you played in StepMania? I guess. And
what was up with the whole, I don't know, in the groove of corrupting your save file
or something like that? I'm surprised that this game was so polished, I mean, I would
expect something from such a game that, you know... Now, now, now, somebody could just
come up just as easily and say, you're just picking on him now, because somebody could
easily come up and say, whoa, in DDR Extreme they have a whole song that was supposed to
be unlocked that you can't get, da da da, you know, the memories debacle, whatever.
No, that was basically, you know, cut out the game, but some of the stuff is still in
the code. That's not, my save file gets erased because that song is not in the game.
Okay, okay, I'll give you that. There's a slight difference there. There is.
uh... i'm sorry i mean
but you you're picking on it but you're picking on it looks like something that
some would make home brew for the dream cat to me this is what it looks like
this game
is just crap i'm sorry i know that we're at work we got enough hate mail last
week
cyrd what do you
what do you think of
pop it up
in the group to and i'll say it for you what secret says does not reflect in any
way shape or form konami data that it uh... and very angry about it
because as everybody should know by now
um...
maybe they don't i'm a huge fan of pump it up
like half of me is dedicated to konami but
the other half is all for pump it up and everything to do with pump it up
and so when i heard this i'd wanted to cry
the half of me that loves pump it up could stay out of the konami versus rock
sore debate
and it could just go play pump it up but now it has to uh...
get involved because apparently and amira wanted to
get sued again by konami or vice versa or however that crappy lawsuit went
but um...
yeah i don't like it
and i've even tried pump recently or not pump uh... in the group recently and
and still very angry about all this
i played in the group today
so that i had a uh...
it's
uh...
well
oh yeah that was funny cuz
on my first song i got a i got a star because i got like a ninety six percent
or something and see yourself, you got a star! You can get a star in this game!
And I'm like, dude, they let you work on DDR?
My DDR skills have seriously declined.
But no, I think that's good. That goes to show that you don't have to be a DDR expert
or whatever to play, you know, you don't have to be able to AAA everything in order to work on DDR.
I haven't really played DDR, like, for real in years.
So, it's amazing that I even got an A- or an S- or whatever that crappy letter thing they had on In the Groove was.
Yeah, I'm just very bitter about this whole thing, and I don't want Pump It Up's name
attached to In The Groove, because I like Pump It Up, and I don't like In The Groove.
But I like In The Groove's songs, Land of the Rising Sun is cool, and The Roots, that's
about it.
Yes, Loki.
Be good.
Why in the hell would Andamiro want to like, shame themselves, you know, by putting Pump
It Up in front of this game?
I mean, honestly, unless, unless, you know, the whole creative team behind Pump It Up
went and redesigned their whole interface and said, okay, yeah, we like what you did,
but we got a few...
No, no, no, no.
Say what you wrote about the In The Groove interface.
Pumps is way worse.
Pump has one of the worst interfaces in the world.
That is a lie.
That is a total truth.
That is a lie.
That is a total truth.
Pump It Up has it great.
I speak the truth.
They have the songs...
Get over it.
They have the songs classified by channels, the Banya channel, the K-pop channel, and
the pop channel.
You don't get much easier than that.
The only thing wrong with it is that you have to put all the codes in via your foot, and
that gets annoying.
But also, when you're talking about In the Groove 2 having the codes with the feet to
unlock the songs, Pump It Up does that too, so that's no surprise.
Which interface looks like it came out of my ass, and which one looks like it was actually
worked on by professional software teams?
I would beg to differ.
I cannot stand Pump It Up's interface.
I hate it.
It's horrible.
Okay, okay.
Interface technicalities aside, I'm not talking about the
way the interface functions, just pure aesthetic value of it.
I want you to say, which game has run to you in it? Because that sells me right there,
that's enough. Pump It Up doesn't anymore.
Oh, that's true. Damn them, neither. DarkStalker, you've been off very quiet over there, what
do you think about this whole debacle? I'm not going to give any of them my business,
so that's all there is to it. I thought you liked Pump It Up.
I liked it before they followed their name.
Ooh!
Oh, snap! I think that kind of gives her opinion right there.
This would be like, you know, putting, you know, Dance Dance Revolution's George Foreman
Grill. I mean, there's really no point in doing that.
Now,
hold on a minute, because I'm actually going to think this out here, okay? Just be careful, there might
be steam that arises from my head or something.
Now, let's see.
I have a dancing game.
I'm Andy Mero, and I have a dancing game.
And it's not catching on the same way that my competitor's
dancing game is catching on.
OK, now wait for a minute.
I am another company who borrowed heavily a lot of
ideas from the competitor and put it into its own game and
tried to improve upon it.
And now I'm getting sued.
So here we are.
We've got the number one, the king of dance games, Konami.
You can't dispute that.
Konami sells the most.
You got that.
Just argue why you want the quality of the games.
but in terms of sales, Konami is tops.
So number two and number three want to join forces
to take out number one.
Where's the, where's the, that doesn't make sense in that
because it makes total sense to me.
It's war.
Yeah, it's number two and number three.
Ever play Risk?
Yeah.
Number two and number three are joining forces
to take out number one.
just like GameStop and EB merged to take out Walmart, right?
The thing is, though, this is only the arcade aspect.
I have not seen numbers on how well The Groove has sold on the PS2.
DDR still sells really well.
Pump It Up still hasn't come out here yet, so we can't judge that.
So they might fight for the dying arcade market,
but who's to say that this collaboration will have
any impact on the home version?
OK, good point.
I can put fifty additional names in front of this goddamn game and it's still not going to make it one ounce better.
Just a big ball of hate, Loki.
Big ball of hate.
Alright.
In this case, it's a little deserved.
Alright, you guys.
This is why we lost all the listeners, because they were listening in the-
Hey, listen, listen, if they make a good game, I'll give it, you know, good reviews.
But if the game sucks, I'm going to tell you how it is.
wait a minute wait a minute hello to the game's credit you haven't played pump it
up in the group to yet correct so you don't know yet are you gonna give it at
least one playthrough I'll play it once once just to give it get a taste of how
crappy it is and then I'll just let you know how it is again but you have to go
in there with an impartial view as the media let's go this way
I I I don't think your play to play as I've seen how it started off is really
shitty
it should be pretty easy to impress me then it's gotta be better than crap
okay so that it has a pretty easy goal to hit
if they can't do that
I'm sorry the media you need to be impartial like Fox News channel
Snicker snicker snort
Yeah, only those dirty republicans play in the group too, okay?
Is that better? Is that impartial?
I don't know what to tell you anymore, Loki. I just don't...
Alright.
They can have their pump-it-up. I have macadamia nuts. Everyone's happy.
I hope this doesn't last. I want them to split up really bad.
really bad. You want them to argue and fight about this? Yeah, I want Anamir to realize
their wrongs and punch Roxor in the face and take all their money, all four dollars.
I think the new cabinets are interesting. I think they're kind of ugly, but I think
they're interesting because they're really big and I like big things, so I'm kind of
curious to see more so interesting it's like putting a DDR pad on a pump it up
cabinet oh wait that's what it is well that's that forget let's go how are we
gonna make this for panel with the pump it up Kevin oh I got it there we go
that was easy and this way now they can get around selling those boxers because
you can just put it in a pump cabinet and replace the pad well yeah they're
not gonna get sued over this one unless well Adam Eros smart and then realizes
are so horrible for doing this and decides to drop the name and then sue them for putting
stuff in their arcade machines. I hate RockSore.
Alright, whatever. Moving on. I'm in the groove, fans. I tried to argue your case here, but
Loki just won't budge. One bit. I'm sorry, guys. What can I say? Alright, let's go on
Let's get into tonight's cage match, shall we?
Okay, we don't have to.
I was nodding, but no one heard it on the radio.
Sorry, alright.
The way the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match works, we play three songs for you guys.
One that each host selects.
And the winning song, as voted by you guys, goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Video Game Music and More program,
which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on the station when we are not live.
So, you get to hear a clip of last week's song and two new songs in their entirety.
So let's hear first, the song that won last week.
It's a clip, it's a remix by Loki, and it's Echo Image, remix by Loki, Skulk, the Misunderstood
Mix is what it was called, I believe.
I don't remember, I just renamed it again, so whatever.
Well I think MP3 says Misunderstood Mix, so that's what we're gonna call it.
So here it is, a clip of song number one.
remember you have to be in our chat room www.orensonsradio.com click on chat to vote and be a part of the cage
match all right here it is song number one echo or echo image remix by Loki
Skulk, the misunderstood mix.
I've lost the fragment of my soul
Take me in, that's what I've become
I'm falling like I'm a fish
Make me take control of the world
Make no excuses, I'm shit
Take me in, that's what I've become
I know I've made it to the top of the street
Alright, that was song number one, Echo Image remix by Loki Skulk, the misunderstood mix.
That was the song you guys voted as the winner last week.
Let's see if it can hang on two weeks in a row or if it gets dethroned by one of the
new entries in tonight's cage match.
I think I'll start tonight.
Dark Sakura, you can bring up the rear.
Wait, that's supposed to...okay.
Yeah, hahaha, I get it.
Ha ha ha, I get it.
My choice tonight, I liked that I Am Gothic song so much last week that I had to dig up some more songs by Spray.
And I really like this song.
And Dark Sakura, I know you're going to like this one. You have to.
Do I have to?
You have to.
Because this is a song called I Kill With My Car.
I like it already. Alright, let's hear it. Song number two in tonight's cage match, Spray with I Kill With My Car.
Cold chrome heartbeat, stainless steel Come on baby, take that step
In front of me in death and death
I can't live without, I can't live without
Feet are the rattles, I start to sweat Girl machine, it's harmonic death
Abandoned system, terribly Hear my baby hug me
Hurling pension and thunder Grinding pension can't stop
I kill with my gun
I kill with my gun
I kill with my gun
I kill with my gun
It's a sexual brand
Like power hide and release control
It's an accuracy which keeps the fear away and on the road
It's an accuracy to meet this scenario
If the sky is in the falls, I'm here alone
Rubber on tarmac, grip the ground
Melting heartbeat, the firing crowd
Come on baby, clutch control
It's in their senses to see that you're the best
I kill with my gun
I kill with my gun
I kill with my gun
I kill with my gun
Number two I kill with my car. What do you think dark Sakura? I I can't pull
a Simon tonight I'm sorry. It gets to nine and a half just because there was a
bit of repetition but it was pretty cool and you have to email that to me now. Oh
my god she liked one of my songs. It wasn't crap trance! Every week it's like let's
Let's fix something really poppy for...
I like a lot of crap trance.
Or crap trance? Or...
Or less than crap trance?
Or... Or...
Or, uh, what's your face?
Kelly Osbourne.
Which is just crap, period.
Alright, let's just see if I went over Logi.
You know what?
I'm sorry, it's gonna get a 5
because it wasn't crap trance.
You know, I was really expecting crap trance
and this was not crap trance.
So, it gets a five. That and the fat.
Fuck you both! Fuck you both! That's all I have to say. Fuck you both.
Teager. Ten. Spray. I like them.
X to fur. What do you think?
I give it a ten, too.
Alright. Alright, let's get into song number three.
Remember, it's not our votes to count. It's yours in the chat room at www.orangesontrader.com.
But you got one more song to pick from and it's dark soccer is would you pick five years ago?
I was on a rampage looking for dr. Bombay stuff
Instead I downloaded a song which to my delight was by somebody that I you know really liked
I downloaded a song by del the funky homosapien called. Dr. Bombay
And I like to think so cuz those cool
So and of course this I didn't even realize until after I picked the song and already email is like Oh gorillas connection, but oh
The song is called, Del The Funky Homosapien.
All right here it is song number three tell the funky homo sapien dr. Bombay not related to the 2dx artist dr.
Right, all right here we go
Well, kick it, mutton tail, sing me a 40 as a lie-bar when I'm through
You don't like it? Well, you got the kiss, where the sun don't shine
Bumpin' like my behind, I lose the band but I'ma be fine
Stop the feelin', think I still could make funk real good
Take it then I lose it, make you say it
The more the booty make you shake your rump
Till the brand new feet bump
a chunk cause I'm much like a hoe cause you don't get killed with fuckin' a chunk
Comin' from around the way, it's self added on as I survive time
Just serve something, eat on something, eat on plate
Every time I try to get to me, it's always burnin' away
Just serve something, what you find on it? What you say?
What the fuck is guaranteed to make my day?
So, so, so, so
I'm as much as a black woman through the inspection
And the question everybody is asking
When you get your foot down
A brother named George, it's the one fifty month old
Let's take it to the stage, you suckers
I jam, and Mr. Domenino eats much
Back in the house with the two-how at Lindsey
Now you know every day is terrific
Drunk in the 1990s, jacked ironic
The grass, we was back at X-Tronic
Down with the links, mine straight from the ghetto
But I'm under the sun in the meadow
Me and this Amazon sitting on my lap
Sittin' on my lap, she bust so big when she walkin' clackin'
Doin' the hoochie coochie and the four shawls know who I am
So girl sing the chorus
Dr. Bumpin', he don't stop and he don't play
Every time I try to get to me, he's always runnin' away
He's runnin' away, he's runnin' away
Dr. Bumpin', got your body runnin', what you say?
When the funk is guaranteed to make my day
Doctor Bombay, hit on stuff and hit on play Every time I try to catch him he's always running away
Doctor Bombay, Doctor Bombay
Watch the watch, cause if your style's tall Your style's gonna damn sure make your house tall
You peed on my jaws on your fists, I'm a dog, so you might be wrong
Wait, it ain't fool to jock, cause you're real far from a ballerina
So, ooh, ooh, Mr. Dop-a-mina, freeze, and get up off your knees
Everything that Dr. Bump makes sex, is guaranteed to make you say
So keep some side to head, I like clubmen hanging out with the dibs
And girl, if you ain't got a chair, I won't hesitate to pull out my funky lines
But if you ain't down, what's your fault?
Capital your appointment and please get the hell on
Cause I won't have one switch on
Under my nose, if you want eighty pieces of clothes
Get out my way so I can save the day
Cause I'm Dr. Rhombus
Dr. Rhombus
Get on something, get on a plane
Every time I'm trying to get you in
It's always running away from you
Please get a good man
Dr. Rhombus
Okay, that was Del the Funky Homo Sapien with Dr. Bombay.
Let's see if the doctor is in or out permanently.
Dark Sakura.
I could have been better, but I've been listening to this song a lot today, so it gets a 9.
Alright, uh, Logie.
It gets a 9 too.
It's pretty cool.
But it wasn't trans.
You're an ass.
I thought he doesn't expect trans from me.
You're an ass.
Right?
You're an ass.
He doesn't expect trans from me.
Ass.
Seagurd.
It made me think of Busta Move and Ham.
So if he were in another game, he would have had that as a theme song, so it gets an 8.
That gets a resounding WTFF from me, but it was actually kind of funky, it was like what
the funky fuck, so it wasn't bad.
I think they should have music like that in DDR.
They need to mix that in. I completely agree. They need to mix the goth music up and stuff like that.
Make a suggestion.
Tell the funky homo-sapien.
Yeah, can you write that on the next scantron that goes and makes the DDR games?
That would be great.
Oh, my score. I guess I give it a, I don't know, like a seven and a half.
It was Nito. X to Purr, do you want to give a score on that one?
tell the funky homo sapien
i think i would give it a nine
all right because i really enjoyed it
when you moved?
yes i did
all right remember it our scores don't count but yours do it's about time to
vote but first let's recap your choices song number one tonight echo image
remixed by loki skulk misunderstood
song number two you can vote for tonight is spray with I kill with my car
and song number three you can vote for tonight del the funky homo sapien
Dr. Bombay.
Please vote now.
Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote, and we'll announce the
winner in a few moments here on Orange Lounge Radio.
What are you kids talking about back there?
I was saying that I found a whole bunch of CDs that I hope aren't warped, so I was going
and try to burn myself a new car CD and that was gonna go on it so instead of
being all eurobeat driving in my Lancer I'll be all side to side you know what
what I'm listening to that song and if I was driving and listening to this song I
think I would be like check and turn a signal to the left a signal to the right
Props to you if you get that reference, by the way.
How can you not get that reference? You're an idiot if you don't get that reference.
I hope that folks in the chatroom get that. But seriously, that's what it sounds
like to me. DarkSakura, when you do that, and you
ride in the car, tell me that your mind will not do that. Do that check
and turn. This is the left. Now it was step on the right.
I'm just gonna be all like, I'll be like, shit yeah, it's Del.
Um, this is the part of the show where we usually ask our buddy, Loki, what's going
on in the Sims scene, because Lord knows I don't follow it.
Loki!
Well, I told you earlier what exactly happened, and the main thing that happened this week
was that the In the Groove theme is released for StepMania, and that is it.
No new Max 300 remixes of notes?
No.
Alright.
So, one thing I do want to ask you about then, since there's not a lot going on in the Sims
I kind of want to, this kind of blurs the line here, this isn't necessarily DDR related,
but we get to talk about other games when we want to on the show as well.
What is up with the PSP homebrew stuff?
I know it was released this week, how does it work? Is it good? Tell us about it.
Put down warriorware for a minute, tell us about it.
Damn you, hit the pause button. Thank you.
Ugh, fine. Anyways, the whole thing with the homebrew stuff,
homebrew stuff. Basically, they found a workaround to get, you know, games to work on version
1.5 PSPs. And for those who don't know, the version 1.0 PSPs were the very first PSP shipped
in Japan. And those had a hole in it in their encryption or whatever that allowed you to
run your own homebrew code on PSPs. Well, they fixed that in the U.S. ones which are
now version 1.5 where you couldn't do that. So, the way they've gotten around it is they
have almost like a swap technique. It's like, you know, the old PlayStation swap thing where
you put in one disk and you swap it with another and you basically trick it into thinking that
it's one thing when it's not. So, what we did is you actually take a memory card with
an image of a file on it and you put it in, load the game and while it's loading, you
really quickly swap in the other memory card so it thinks it's loading something else.
And then that in turn allows your game to run. And so now what they have available for
is like all the mainstream emulators out there so you can emulate, you know, Nintendo and
the Super Nintendo, Genesis, Mega Drive, you know.
Why is it so easy to port all these emulators over the PSP? Is it because the PSP is like
a mini PC or something?
No, it's just run off of, you basically adapt your code to whatever processor it is, and I forget what kind it is, but it's basically, just like, you know, the difference between the Nintendo DS and the Game Boy Advance, it's just ARM 9 and ARM 7. They're really almost the same processor, so you only have to change your code a little bit.
It's like kind of programming in, say, C versus C++ or
Visual C++.
There's a few different ways you program stuff.
And so you have to program it differently for that.
And so it's easy to port it over.
Well, now, obviously, this process doesn't take much time
because I was looking at the emulators.
Now, they just were able to get this fix in for America.
And I thought a lot of these programs
kind of originated here.
So I was kind of surprised with how fast emulators were
happening.
Well the emulators also too, you're getting homebrew games in there too, like for example
this game called Beats of Rage, which is a Streets of Rage clone, that's in there, Doom,
they ported Doom over, and anything that runs off of WAD, so you have Doom, Heretic, Doom
2, and I've even seen some, I don't know what exactly it is, like Quake and Duke Nukem
3D, but I think those are just conversions or mods of Doom or something, but those are
available and then you see actually people making like basic programs like chess and
tic-tac-toe and whatnot, those are available and pretty much, you know, this is just going
to keep going, you know, and they've found a way, supposedly now, Sony's like, oh yeah,
well we're going to try to make you upgrade again so this hole's closed so you can't do
this.
But, you know, it's just something fun to do while you're waiting for more games to
come out for the PSP, it's really what it comes down to.
very in a how would they close the whole of what they would be force your
firmware to upgrade yet with the new game basically a new game would come out
they would have the firmware update software on their in or the game the run
it update your firmware to like one five two or something
anyway for she do that
is there a game out there that does that now of their japanese games to do that
uh... okay
uh... but they really should be jack
himself on the planet but you have both a like grand theft auto
will probably have something that i'd be screwed i would be tough if that
that's the case, because then they'd be like, ah, dammit.
And they probably would do it with a game like that, because
everyone's going to buy that game.
Now, my next question is, like we said earlier, when a
website or a game company says, you will not be able to
decrypt our encryption.
That is just an invite for hackers to hack it.
So what's to say that 1.5.2 won't be cracked soon enough?
It just might.
Or what they might do is get away to where it doesn't
matter what firmware you update it to.
it's not going to... it'll bypass the whole encryption thing all together.
Basically just a workaround for it. It's possible because, like, for example,
earlier this week supposedly leaked on the internet was their entire library
for all the library files for
the PSP development kit. So, if you get a hold of that, you're going to see how everything works
and it won't matter how many times you upgrade the firmware. They're just going to have a way
around it
where it'll think it's like a version whatever. It'll think it's a UMD or something.
We'll just get away around it. In my opinion, this kind of sells PSPs. I kind of want one
even more now, knowing I can play Legend of Zelda on it.
They don't understand that, you know, I mean, granted, it's, you know,
they should just allow it to run homebrew code, but I don't think they want to be
responsible for, like, this kind of stuff. For any of this kind of stuff, so they have to, you know,
actively try to,
you know, upgrade, you know, the firmware. What I would do is just say, well, we have it up,
you know the firmware can be you know the upgrade can be downloaded and it
fixes this problem leave it at that and just let you know
because I noticed that the DS isn't doing anything like that
then you're going to have Linux on there and then you're going to be able to run pretty much anything
well almost anything on there. But isn't it harder to get something on the DS because the
DS doesn't have that whole memory stick thing
Granted it has the flash cards. Yeah the flash cards are the
way you do that. But I think what they're doing right now with
The PSP, though, is they've got, um, well, some of the things I thought were pretty cool
is you can actually overclock your PC in some of these games, because it is running.
The chip's supposed to run at 333 megahertz, but it actually runs at 222, so some of these
emulators, they actually have it where you can overclock it to 333, so, you know, it
runs at what it's supposed to, and so, so, it's just interesting to see what you can
do with this.
And, Beats of Rage is awesome, because it has so many different mods to it, so you can
play like you know it's basically a final fight so you can do it with
whatever characters you want like Megaman or ghosts and goblins I've seen
some really strange mods out there kill bill someone's made a mod for that you
know so it's interesting interesting hmm all I know is that when I saw Legend of
Zelda being played the the first thing and I know a secret thought of this was
that oh my gosh we could play Kid Icarus on the PSP and that makes the PSP just
totally worth having and I was just thinking about that too and I was just
kind of fantasizing tell me this doesn't make you happy damn you Nintendo damn
you and then over not putting it's gonna I can tell you pretty much it's gonna be
in goddamn Animal Crossing DS it's gonna be better be better be I want the new I
want a new kid of Chris though and no 3d crap I want like a I just remember the
What was that comic?
They don't do it anymore, but it was sort of like 8-bit theater.
They had Mario and all the guys hanging out at the bar, and no one's talking about their
upgrades and Pip's like, hey, I want one!
Sorry, you don't get one.
I remember Miyamoto saying something at E3 about he wants to put Kid Icarus on the revolution
like a new one.
He's a good cop.
He's what he is, honestly.
I'll take a tactics game or first-person shooter with pit, but as long as I get a Kid Icarus game
That's what I know. I will not accept any of that crap. I want a good old
2d
Shooter with three like like beautiful to Joe ish that just now with that cell cell cells
cell shading stuff
But imagine looking through pits eyes while you're pulling back the arrow to shoot. No, I'm a wizard in his one
And I...
It would just be Metroid!
I don't care if they did a good job with it.
And I'm not even like the biggest Metroid Prime fan, I mean it's okay, I like it okay.
But of course people would just say that that's because I have this intense hatred for first
person shooters, which you know, whatever.
Which is why you own Halo 1 and 2.
Yeah, which is why I own Halo 1 and 2.
Alright, um, let's find out who won tonight's cage match, shall we?
cage match the winner is you guys ready for this it is a tie tonight and it's
our favorite kind of tie boys it's a three-way tie tonight so we got to go
look at the Orange Lounge Radio rule book and let's see here oh yes I
believe the way a three-way tie works for the Orange Lounge Radio cage match
rules is that the song that won last week is automatically tossed and the
host who put that song in breaks the tie from the other two so Loki your song
gets tossed actually you're wrong it's actually the person that's a guest in
the studio gets to pick no no I know I'm right on this one I know I'm right on
this one I got a sedan grader you got to break a tie what's it gonna be is it
going to be Spray, I Kill With My Car, or Del The Funky
Homo Sapien with Dr. Bombay.
Dr. Bombay.
All righty.
Del The Funky Homo Sapien with Dr. Bombay in a very, very
close vote tonight.
The funk is guaranteed to make my day.
So, so, so, little girl.
Mars is a black woman's movie.
All right.
Check and turn and settle to the left.
That will be in rotation all week long on Orange on
Australia, and we'll come back for its chance at a second
week victory.
But boys and girls, songs that prevail in three-way ties
very rarely last more than one week.
But we shall see.
We shall see.
All right.
Loki, you don't want your song to win out anyway.
Oh, I like this in the chat room.
Skye's will is absolute.
I like this.
Makes me feel special.
Pardon me while I stroke my ego here.
We're going to go to a break.
And when we come back from this break, we will be taking-
Is that your ego?
You're disgusting.
When we come back from this break,
we will take your calls on the Skype line,
and of course, we will get to the FUs of the week as well.
And I think that statement there brings a certain song
to mind that needs playing.
So let's get to a little bit of DJ Taka here.
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio.
a
a
a
a
a
You
Now I'm saying goodbye, don't do it
And if I'm sleeping still, oh, I'm thinking of your sweet, sweet mama
Well, I like your good, your good, but I just can't decide
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Let me know if you love me
Take away, take away, take away, take away
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Let up
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music & More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just on our discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
kostjamrh Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say
We need to make our listeners do the work for us, honestly.
I have an idea for one.
Do you?
Yeah.
We need to make a thread in our super secret forum and keep these ideas flowing.
Because sometimes I think of ideas at work and then I forget to write them down and then they're gone forever.
I have to sneak onto the web page to be able to update at work.
Well, you can always send me an email and I'll post it for you.
Okay.
Because you can do that.
Isn't that weird that you can do email but you can't do internet?
An email that doesn't work half the time.
because the thing of the way that the email at my work is is that they're supposed to
be sort of server to block outside mail, which actually only works half of the time and never
works on you. I always get your email. And no, none of you in the chat room get my work
email, so sawed off.
All right. The Skype line is open. If you guys want to give us a call, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
on interact with us and look at that it's lighting up already
I think our listeners are starting to understand that when they don't call in
that Paris Hilton is going to come up so they're getting smart so we have a call
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio
Hi, Sephiroth1215 here
Hello, Sephiroth1215 and I know you're calling in to talk about that new Paris Hilton
Carl's Jr. commercial, right?
Yeah, of course, that's pretty cool
That's hot, huh?
Oh yeah, it is
Yes, what's on your mind?
I don't know just some random stuff. I guess oh I
Mean last week. I got you know the in the groove and afterburner pad bundle
What do you think because I honestly I haven't picked up in the groove yet
And that has nothing to do with like Loki's distaste of the game rubbing off on me or anything
It's just that I actually don't have an American ps2
And I don't want to mod my Japanese one because I know I will fuck it up
So I am kind of waiting until I can afford an American PS2, so I'm curious. How's the game?
It's okay. It's going to hold me over until like September, you know, when Extreme 2 comes out.
Not to mention, with the After Burner pad, I have to basically go back to all the other games and get new scores on them.
So I'm pretty good this summer.
What do you think of the After Burner pad? That's the brand new Metal pad, right?
So how's that working out for you?
At first, I thought it wasn't worth the money, but once I broke in the arrows, everything
was perfectly fine. It works great. I mean, I have a lot of fun with it.
How much are your scores improving on the old games?
Pretty much by a whole grade. Awesome. Secret, I have a curious question.
I don't know if you can answer this or what, but when you guys are testing the game at
Konami, I know you guys don't actually... Use softpads.
You do play Konami softpads. Oh, you use the official Konami pads, you don't use the other products.
I was just curious if you ever used the metal stuff. I'll tell you why after we're off the air.
Okay, okay. Sounds good.
Um, let's see, so...
What else have you been playing besides In the Groove?
And the old games?
Well, I don't know, there hasn't been much otherwise for normal games.
I'm just going some old stuff now. I just got Star Ocean since it went to a greatest hits price.
I love that when the games get cheaper, because they're greatest hits.
That's usually when I end up buying them.
Awesome.
And it's been happening rapidly.
Okay, anything else you wanted to call in tonight, ask us about?
Any questions for us here in the studio, or Seagurd, our guest, or whatever?
Not really. I guess I'm good now.
Alright, sounds good. Well thank you for calling in.
No problem.
Alright, anytime. Have a good one.
You too. Bye.
Alright.
Skyfline's open again if you want to give us a call.
www.orangelaungeradio.com
Click on interact with us and that has all
the details you need
in order to connect with us.
While we're waiting for
another call, if we get one, I don't know
like I said, our listeners are down. I don't know
if it's just college or they're studying for finals
or graduating or whatever's going on in your neck of the woods.
I want to mention real quick
that we actually have a LiveJournal system set up. Now you guys know about
our LiveJournal community at Orange Lounge. Well this, I didn't know about
this until tonight. One of our listeners, Arcadia, excuse me, Arcadia 42 is also a
frequent guest of the show, actually created an Orange Lounge radio podcast
feed in LiveJournal. Now it doesn't actually automatically download the
podcast for you, but what it does, if you add this to your LiveJournal, it will let
you know when a new one has been posted so you can think oh okay it's time to go
in and sync using iPod or it's time to go in and you know grab it on Podcast
Alley or whatever you guys are using to get our podcast. The name of the
community is O-L-R underscore podcast and if you want to be able to find the whole
link there it's just www.livejournal.com slash users slash O-L-R underscore
our podcast. So if you add that username to your friends list over on LiveJournal, then
you will know when new podcasts are posted. You also get the brief little description
about what we talk about on each one, our little synopsis. So check that out. And also
don't forget to vote for us over on podcastalley.com because we appreciate your vote. And there's
also another we need your help type thing I will talk about a little later. I'm going
to bring that up in a few minutes here after we get through some other stuff. I do not
see any other calls coming in so I guess that's it. There's quite a few people online so I'm
kind of surprised that nobody else wants to call but that's fine. A question from our
chat room though, I think this is more for Dark Sacra. When does the podcast Poop Shoot
go live? You know what? I've been busy. Did you turn up my microphone? Yeah, you're on.
You turned up my microphone, though.
No, it's not.
It's too loud.
It's...
I turned up the in-house speakers.
Okay.
Turn this down, please.
Sorry.
Not...
I...
Hearing the reverb gives this, like, instant headache for me.
I have to turn it up to hear the calls on Skype.
Yeah.
All right.
At any rate, if you come over to my house and pack up all my crap and move it to my
new house, then maybe I'll make it.
So...
Or pay for the domain for me.
I don't know.
I'm still looking for someone to take the domain I registered and never used for a death
cake.
And you could make a pornography site out of it if you want.
No, that's okay.
I've actually registered lastlivingsouls.com.
Alright.
So anyways, our chat room is saying they're all shy, they don't want to call in and be
on air tonight.
Fine.
So anyways.
At least we got the one going.
If you don't call in, I will come over to your house and personally kick your butt until
you call in.
Well, we did get one person.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Well anyways, the thing I was working on before. See, before when I was playing around with this program called RPG Maker 2003, the thing that I didn't like about it the most was having to draw all the, like, sprite graphics and stuff, and that really kind of frustrated me because I had really good ideas, but I didn't want to have to draw everything because that takes way too much time.
I hate drawing too. I'm just not good at it.
Especially since plotting out an RPG is like way too much work as it is.
So I figured I'd go ahead and play around the program some more because the mods for
Beats of Rage actually have sprites in them.
So that's kind of nice.
So I'm stealing those because I'm lazy.
So I am making an RPG.
It'll be fun.
Oh, wait.
Is that your new project?
That's my new project.
All right.
But the best part.
We're in it.
Oh, great.
Wait, did you draw something?
As the collective groan arises from the studio.
DarkSucker, you look frightened by that.
I can draw, you know.
Well, I know, but I don't need you guys to draw anything.
Oh, you don't need us!
You don't need our help!
Fine! I hope your project sucks!
I figured out who the villain's going to be, but I can't say, because it's going to be funny. Trust me.
Yeah, I know who you would make the villain. You'd make the villain like
Rockstar or something. Anyway, we gotta call. No. What?
Bigger than Rockstar. Oh, boy. Here we go. Alright, we gotta call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Okay. That's it! I go back to spamming the chatroom! Now you're not on Orange Lawn's radio.
So anyways, as I was talking about the game.
Well, F you too! I see how it is.
Great. Okay.
Think Kingdom Hearts
minus the Disney characters, and all the console characters, like a lot of console characters.
And just have random, like, you know, villains in it.
But there's one big villain that's in charge of everything.
And he's the worst video game villain. It's Mr. Spanky, isn't it? No, it's not Mr. Spanky. Bigger.
Yeah, think bigger.
I don't know. I can't give it away, I'm not going to give any hints, only because it's hilarious.
Buggy-buggy!
And I've got another person making a cameo in this
who's related to
our show but not to be
we i can't i can't say i find it'll be funny trust me it's great i'm gonna work
on it but i can see it too much more about it does
al the follower finish it or get the uh... urge to actually work on itself
but i'm hopefully gonna have it done
you know within like a year
uh... i think you're
hey
i'm given clear job to do this full-time this is more important
It'll be cool when it's done, okay?
The walking around, like, overworld music needs to be, like, the Goonies' song.
There's gonna be evil characters in, like, I've already decided there's gonna be Evil Ken.
He's gonna be one of the characters you have to fight in it.
How about Evil Rob?
There's gonna be Emo Dan.
Like, Dan from Street Fighter?
Oh, I thought maybe, no.
Oh wait, Aji!
Cause he's kinda depressed as it is, so I thought that would be funny.
I'd like to see Emo Dan, who manages the GameStop.
I can make that character Dan. That's angry Dan who manages the gamestop. I know, that's why it's funny to be anal Dan.
It'll be funny, it'll have references from stuff, it'll have inside jokes, it'll be great, and it'll just have like, you know, fun stuff, you know.
Alright. Like, Dark Sakura will summon an attack that'll involve the gorillas, you know.
Yeah, the jeep comes running out.
Running out, run over whoever.
Your mic going crazy.
Yeah, I know what's up with that.
Alright.
Alright. Jamie, don't bother berating the chatroom.
We've got other things to get to.
We'll just...
They can be shy if they want. Actually, I think the person
who tried to call in was saying that their settings
were screwed up, but we'll open it up again.
I can't breathe.
After this, what, are you okay?
I can only breathe through one nostril.
it sounds like you're ready to do some venting aren't you.
So I think we need to get to the FUs of the week don't we?
So Dark Sakura why is it that we do the FUs of the week every single freaking
week
Grr ARG
Dude, I love my F.U. music now. It's Angel Stanatos from Silent Hill 2. It's, like, awesome.
Anyway, uh, my first F.U. goes to Dust. It goes to throwing away shit I wanted to keep,
except I'm too pack ratty. Uh, F.U. to Dust again. F.U. to my nostril being plugged on
one side um f you to food um f you to the pizza that i ate yesterday uh crap f you to
the 50 boxes sitting in my living room and the fact that my cat is afraid of everything now
she's been living in her litter box since we started moving all those boxes downstairs
and why the fuck do i have so much stuff i swear i trip it over controllers and video
game systems and the cat and like RC cars we found our initial DRC car. You didn't pack
Shermie did you? No, Shermie will pack herself in her litter box until we're
moved. Then at the point that we are at the new location she will proceed to
live in her litter box for a week like she did the last two times. Shermie has
been with us through one move already. She knows things. She knows this is a
this strange place that dogs used to live at. Oh yeah, I'm probably going to have to
endure a couple of weeks worth of allergies from chows and cigarette smoke that used to
reside in the house. They had smoking dogs. No, but he, well I know he stopped smoking
once the baby was born. Which is good, but it's still in the house and it still stinks.
You know I saw this thing today in the magazine at the haircut place where Shane went where
where it was showing pregnant celebrities like Britney Spears and stuff
uh... who's the other one? It was Britney Spears and one of the other ones
Baby Killers! And it showed their smoking husbands
Baby Killers! Right in front of them
Where do you have the ones that actually do smoke themselves?
Britney was smoking while she was pregnant
Well she didn't know she was pregnant, right?
No, she was pregnant
What a dumbass!
She's a stupid bitch, I'm sorry
Anyway
She can't have a smart baby because how else will they grow up to be a pop singer?
Sorry to derail that, I'm sorry.
Back to you and your friends.
I'm done.
Fuck you, baby killer!
Alright, let's go to Loki.
Loki to my stomach for being empty.
I want food, and I don't have food, so I gotta, you know, find food at home,
which I'm sure we don't have food there either.
I have some damn in the kitchen.
I don't want any damn.
Damn, by the way, is D-A-I-M, and it's little miniature heat barks. Delicious, I gotta go to that queue.
still smell them on me after I've brushed my teeth a few times and washed my hands repeatedly.
They still smell like onion. It's like it's just toxic or something and I don't know what
to do. And that's about it. My turn. I want to give it a F-you to Nintendo for fucking
being a bunch of dicks in WarioWare Twisted and putting in that Kid Icarus record and
saying haha this is the closest thing you're going to get to a sequel wahaha I hate you
and I'm not going to buy any of your crapy products ever again except nintendo because
nintendo is really cute and I kind of want medios too but you suck you still suck I hate
you nintendo yes we're all going to have nintendo and our puppies are all going to play with
each other f you to trendiness f you to all you being trendy I was the first to being
trendy. You all are... Dark Sakura is giving me the don't go there hand. F you to the don't
go there hand. F you to me being lazy because I need to get to the gym and work out because
I need a nice body and not a fat one. So that's it. Let's go to Seagurd. Do you have any F
of the week. I love that song. I have no FUs of the week. You have nothing? I have a work
related thing I can't do over the air, but that's it. I'm pretty happy. So just do the
FU to general work angst. That's alright. FU to trance music. There we go. Generic boring
trans music
they get you that
all right
extrovert you have any of his you want to get
don't work
uh...
fuck you too
three hundred-pound six at wal-mart
okay
have a f you to move in general
all right
let's go to the chair of the two at the same
uh... tomorrow says
FU to crayons. Why? Why not? I happen to like crayons, personally. This tastes like purple!
Uh, let's see. That's not an FU. That's not an FU. You guys are sending me personal messages.
Dark Knight says, my FU goes to this weekend. Be short. I didn't, I so didn't want it to
end. I agree, the weekend's been short. Um, Misty says, my first FU is to cage match.
to work because we have whoppers on sales for 99 cents tomorrow. Not that she's hiding
where she works or anything. I may rant about this more in that F.U. thread in the forums
in my live journal when I get home tomorrow. That's what live journal is for. Thank you
for recognizing what live journal is for. StupidBaka says, an F.U. to some random guy
that almost hit me on Friday while I was walking to City College for class. He almost hit me
and even dared to yell, get out of the way, you fucking punk. So of course I got out of
the way and when he drives like half a block and stops to look back at me saying watch
for cars, dumbass. So of course I flip him the bird and yell at him to watch his shit
cause I scratched his car in a lightning bolt. What? I scratched his car in a lightning bolt?
That doesn't make sense. So yeah, fuck you to drivers. Dark Tetsuya says F you to myself
I fried my Playstation by dropping it. Whoops. You know I fried my Gamecube because I was
I was trying to play WarioWare Twisted and the Game Boy Player and it just, it wasn't working.
Doops says, F you to Orlando being so damn far from where I live.
And F you to Drawn Together for making Gay Link funny.
Short F you list today. Cause Xander was Gay Link.
Didn't that show come on like 8 months ago and hasn't done anything since?
or just a little slow. It's all right. Maybe the DVDs just came out or something. I don't
know. Maybe. I don't know. I would get on that. No. Apparently not. So. I totally would
buy drawn together DVDs. That's awesome. All right. We will go ahead and open up the Skype
line one more time. Give it a try. See if we get any calls. You can give us a call over
or on www.orangelaungeradio.com, click on interact with us.
In the meantime, one thing I wanted to bring up
was a way you can help us, actually.
And now I can't remember where the site was.
Oh yes, it's podcastawards.com.
And we're trying to get ourselves nominated.
Because originally I wasn't going to push for this one
because there was just a general technology category.
And there's no point, because Leo Laporte in This Week in Tech would just
whoop everybody's ass, so there's really no point, right?
So we were just not even gonna try.
But now, in going to podcastawards.com, we find that they have
added a new category for best gaming podcast.
So- I cast a spell.
So vote your conscience, but remember that we like people who help us out.
So go to podcasting, is it podcasting?
podcastawards.com all one word and click on the big nominate now by the way it's
the very last category listed on the page way in the bottom right gaming and
just fill that in you just put your email address orange lounge radio to go
and our website and the XML and any other comments you want if you don't
know the XML I will post that information in the chat room in a little
bit so we appreciate all your help because we like getting stuff it's cool
like awards I'm doing it right now and I'm hoping that the podcast awards are
actually filled with chocolate or something because that would be cool
like if the podcasting awards were actually made out of like solid milk
chocolate or something and I could eat it that would be yummy or made out of
damn that'd be great all right we're gonna go to another break and we come
back from this break we're gonna do some ask orange lounge that's right send in
your questions over private message to Sky in the chat room. It's your chance to take
over the show and ask us any questions that you want. All right. So we will be back after
this break. And in this break, I think we need to hear some para para because I'm feeling
a little sluggish here and I want to wake up. I need to wake up a little bit here. So
we'll start it off with Jamie's request here and we'll be back with more Orange Lounge
Radio. For those of you guys in chat, I will post more information on how to vote for us
on PodcastWords. We'll be back after this.
It's a long night, and the fucking sun's all coming down
It's a long night
Hurry up my little guy, everyone is getting all the secrets, baby
Come on baby, come on boy, won't you really be the only one in this doggy hole?
Bellfire, bellfire, sticking together with you Dancing, dancing, you gotta move, you're moving
Bellfire, bellfire, jumping together with you Roll the beat, come on and dance tonight
Bellfire into the music countdown Bellfire into the new century
Bellfire into the future coming here all tonight Bellfire 2000
I fell far into the music countdown I fell far into the new century
I fell far into the future, call me if you're all night
And I found some tiles on countdown
Please don't fight
Give it all back
Go, go, go, go, go!
This music makes you feel higher and
It's breathing deep, we're into the sun
Just move your head and get me higher and
Night is only me and you
I need to touch your body, touch your body
I'd like to tell the world you're a big girl
We got to let them go
Give it all back
I'm on my own
Welcome to the rock'n'roll, welcome to the famous hit or night
Come on, lady, come on, girl Come on, lady, girl, you have to write
Not the danger, not the best stranger Rock it, rock it, I can't help you at all
I'll also make my name, I'll make it if you know how
I'd like to be your president
Night's on fire, you better, better think You better, better forget the phrase to say
I got something really happy just to tell You I got something really happy just to tell
I got somethin' really happy just to tell you, baby
Look at the sun, I don't even know
Ready to dive into the trail, but together
All you girls can dance
It's funny, I know
Preaching the mixing star
With fire, fire
We just can't change the taste
We've got some music that we make
Sing a song with me, oh, sorry
Wanna get some chicken in the lake, oh, sorry
Like a girl from the fun, oh, sorry
Can you hear me now, it's time to rise
It's my new day, do you know, I'm falling
All you can see me in the dark
I'm taking time like a bird from Japan
I'm falling
Can you hear me now, it's time to rise
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yeah!
Extreme Bimani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, I found more information on that thing you were brought up earlier about in the groove and the whole crash thing.
It's actually in a story that was posted over on ddrfreak.com.
It talks about the game will crash on auto-load, basically corrupting a player's saved game.
All you have to do, if the top grade sorting order is deselected as the default sort order,
then the game crashes.
So that's how to do it, if you want to crash your game.
So, just thought I'd share that with you.
I know you're too busy playing WarioWare to give a shit, but I just thought I'd share.
Nah, I heard her, brother.
There's Pump Up The Volume on Tuesday night, although this week, I may not be able to do a show.
It depends. If I do, I'll play a bunch of comedy.
But usually I play whatever. If you're hanging out in the chat room, you can request whatever.
It starts with a pre-show at a quarter to seven Pacific time.
The show starts at 7.30 to 10.30, and it's really random every time.
If you want to hear something new, unusual, something you might not normally listen to, check it out.
Alright, sounds good. In the Groove, of course, since it made its recent debut on the PlayStation
2, it's kind of getting some media coverage and some press coverage out there. One of
the websites that actually covered it was Wired News, you know, Wired, the magazine,
very respected tech magazine out there, actually did an article on In the Groove. If you're
curious for the link, it's located on www.orangelaungeradio.com. It's on the front page, a link there.
there to the Wired news story and it's kind of neat because it it compares the
games DDR and in the groove and kind of talks about you know how the games are
different it's kind of interesting because the only people that won't say
that in the groove is kind of a loose adaptation of DDR or whatever is rock
sore and red octane themselves they just kind of ignore it there but they post a
nice review and that's kind of interesting that it actually gets
coverage in Wired magazine. I like that. What are you giggling at over there, Loki?
I was playing one level of the WarioWare and I got to like level 60 and the music got so
fast it was funny. I was doing the hamster ED thing and that was fun. I'm glad you were
able to do that. The only one I could probably rock at is the one where you have to hold
it still, so you just leave your Game Boy Advance just sitting there.
What if it requires you to have it at a certain angle?
I don't think that's the case, but I'll try it.
One other plug I want to get in regards to In the Groove stories, and I know we have
a listener that writes for this website, and he actually wrote this review, so he'll like
and I'm giving this a plug, but honestly, insidepulse.com, specifically games.insidepulse.com,
they actually posted a review by one of our listeners, El Mullet, who writes for this
website, did a review of In the Groove, and in my opinion, this freaking sums it up perfectly.
This is honestly, like, the best review. This would be exactly how I feel about the game.
I think there was one or two things I disagreed with, but it's almost 100% exactly how I feel
about the game.
And it's fair.
It talks about what is good about In the Groove and what's not so good about In the Groove
and all that.
Check it out if you're curious insidepulse.com.
I totally endorse it.
I think it's a great review.
Let's go and go to the Skype line because we actually just got a call on Skype.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
This is your resident Ninja Spy Dark Knight.
Hello, our Ninja Spy Dark Knight.
What is on your mind tonight?
Nothing much, just a little bit tired.
Just got back from the convention around town this weekend.
You sound a little drained, like you just went to a convention or something.
You sound a little out of it, but that's alright. How was the convention?
Oh, it was pretty good actually.
I went to see the cosplay for the first time.
There was a pretty interesting cosplay skit that was going on at the convention.
Now which convention is this?
Anime Mid-Atlantic.
made in atlantic alright so what what kind of stuff where they do it at this
convention or the big shows the big things to see
uh... well i'd like that during the cosplay there was one skit they had they
have one skit had on there which was like
uh... final fantasy bit where they had
a black mage a white mage and warrior fighting the tome berry
and it was hilarious it was like
of course a typical tome berry
when you attack it
it's almost impossible to get a single hit off of it
and it was just getting hilarious every time it was killing everybody off and everybody like that
at the end
you see a guy come out holding a sign saying
tom berry gains like five thousand experience
five hundred forty gil and get pizza times four. Did the tom berry do the little final
fantasy victory dance that they did in final fantasy where they just raise their arms
up repeatedly? Yeah. Oh that's awesome. Yeah
it was great
but and there was one
cosplay that was very that was really really good and
beautifully performed. I wish I knew what it was, but let me put it this way, it involved
a lot of people and flag waving displays, and it was beautifully done. And I don't know
if it might have won or not, but apparently it was great.
Maybe there'll be pictures on the internet at some point or something so you can share
that with us later. Hey, I gotta ask, because no anime convention is incomplete without
a hentai room. Was there a hentai room?
No, actually, unfortunately not, but yeah, when they had the raid portion, yeah, the
emergency list kind of started piling up as the raid went on during the night.
I see, I see.
So anything else you want to share about the convention?
Well, at the end of the convention, the last day was today, there was a big announcement
about where they were going next year.
Apparently they actually are going to go to they actually go to a big convention hall
anime mid-atlantic next year will be at the Richmond Convention Center
Okay, now no this now no, I think AMA is mostly like a local small con that's hosting a hotel
But apparently it gotten so popular now that they decided on moving to the convention center, which is huge
In fact when the announcement came down the whole audience erupted when I heard that announcement now
Now I'm not very familiar with the mid-Atlantic landmarks, but I can imagine if you were doing
your convention in a hotel lobby, and then someone said, hey, we're moving to the big
convention center.
That's pretty cool, because that lets you know you made it.
So that's great.
Good job.
And now I'm hoping we might have good news that we might have a travel budget someday.
So hopefully one of these days at least one of us will be able to come out there or something,
do something.
We'll see.
It's a pretty cool convention. You meet some great guests.
In fact, one of the most voiced artists is actually a local guy who you might have heard of.
If you remember some of his shows, Greg Ayers actually comes to the convention every time and he's a local guy.
And what's he known for?
He plays Son Goku in Sayuki, if I'm pronouncing that anime right.
And he also does a whole bunch of stuff in ADV.
most of all the big shows big enemies that they have out there he done our
voice works for most of them
you might have heard his voice once or twice on Evangelion maybe as well
oh wow I try not to watch that Ava dubbed
but he's like I said he's pretty good
he's like one of the main people out of ADV
and like I said it's a surprise who is it again?
who was it again? Greg Ayers
Okay, I don't know why for a moment. I had somebody else someone else's name stuck in my head
But like I said, he's a local and like I said for him to blow up like that is great
And to see a local guy actually succeed like that and it's really really cool. He's actually met him. He's really cool guy
So like I said, I mean, I like it. I love his work and I hope he does a lot more. I'll say that way
All right, very cool. Well, congratulations that the con was a big success and who knows hopefully we can come out to one of those
cons one of these days we'll see we gotta let you go cuz we're gonna get some
ask orange lounge all right hold on I'm gonna throw a shameless plug in
absolutely um on live 365 that con that convention actually now has a radio
channel on um live 365 I will um I will um post the link on the forum if it is
up on um on the chat room is that okay that's fine that's absolutely fine I'm
all for supporting other life these five stations just don't forget about us
that's all I ask. Oh, trust me, I won't. If you like anime and stuff, check it out.
Sounds good, check it out then. I think internet radio is where it's at, so definitely listen to
internet radio stations including us and Anime Mid-Atlantic and whatever tickles your
fancy. Alright, y'all guys have a good night. Alright, you too. Have a good one.
Just in case anyone out there is playing WarioWare Twisted, you want to know what it sounds like on level
level 150
that's lovely thank you i'm gonna come over there and shake that
i'm playing the do not move one and it's so easy to win because you just
to set it down and you know i actually got up to about i think it was like three
hundred and fifty one
and it was on uh... warrior where for the game cube and it was the metroid
missile one all you had to do is hit the a button as fast as you can and shoot
missiles to kill mother brain
That was the minigame. For those of you guys that don't know WarioWare, it's just a bunch of minigames thrown together.
So, that was the whole concept, so to speak, I guess.
I got to, like, 350, and my fingers were practically starting to bleed,
because I just was whacking that button so much. The button! The button!
Let's go to some Ask Orange Lounge. We only got a few questions, that's alright, we don't have a lot of show left.
Whoa! That's not the right theme music. That's the Ask... That's the Ask... That's wedding chat!
That's the Ask Satan portion of the show. My bad, you guys. Sorry about that.
Marriage Talk with Cal Dracula. Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid
questions. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio? It's a good
thing it's just dark sakura sky and low oki and not satan or else the theme music would
sound something like this
let's get to the questions
illusion wants to know in your guys opinions is gem truly truly truly outrageous
truly truly truly outrageous
well you know what and the misfits are bitter they're gonna get her
with the misfits their songs are better and they're gonna get her
the misfits were better people
ah misty wants to know does it still count as a hentai room
if it was only running from 2 to 7 a.m. on Saturday
and Sunday when most of the little kitties are asleep
It turns hentai and then changes back.
I think it works for me.
Hentai is hentai, people.
That's the important thing to remember.
Doobs wants to know...
Oh, I'm sorry, that was his FU.
Why does everyone hate Pump It Up slash In The Groove 2?
I don't really think it's
that bad of an idea. I'd like to play Pump It Up and In The Groove at the same time.
Okay, let me clarify something for you though, because I think this is gonna be a
common misconception.
With Pump It Up and In The Groove 2, you will not be able to play both games
at the same time. Think of it as a spin-off series, that basically In The
Groove is being absorbed into the Pump It Up series.
This does not mean that In The Groove will suddenly have five arrows or
whatever, and I don't know if you were misinterpreting this,
but I'm saying this in general for anybody who is thinking this way, just
in general. It's not suddenly going to mean that In the Groove turns into a five-arrow
dancing game. It doesn't mean any of that. It's just that it's a different game but they're
putting it out under the Pump It Up label. Such as, you know, I don't know, I'm trying
to think of a comparable example type thing. Whereas, you know, Diet Coke is not Coke but
it's under the Coke label. Does that make sense at all?
It's kind of like MTV2. See, MTV2 plays music videos, and MTV3 plays music videos, and MTV1 and 2.0.
The Ocho.
God, that is...
Yeah, it's just about their, you know, partnership with Animaro.
And they're actually going to get it in a good cabinet.
And to answer the other part of the question, why does everyone hate Pump It Up and The Groove 2,
I will defer that to Loki because he is the one that is most full of spite when it comes to those games, Loki.
Because it sucks. The first game sucked, the second one is going to suck as well.
What more do I need to ask?
I'm going to be a little hopeful for the second one just because I really like the Pump It Up cabinets.
Okay, we'll check out the brand new cabinets with their brand spanking new huge monitor.
They'll be like, wow, ugly graphics, but bigger.
Wait a minute. It sucks is the blandest description I've ever heard though. Why does it suck?
Why does it suck? The graphics suck.
Okay, the graphics are bland and horrible.
The gameplay is just lame.
It's basically, oh look, we copied DDR. It's a brand new game with really subpar graphics.
The interface we spent like two seconds actually designing.
You know, and the music, oh well, guess what, it sounds all the same.
And, you know, our step charts are way too damn hard.
How are you going to play them on a soft pad?
But, Loki, there's 12 and 13 footers in it.
Isn't that what the future of dance gaming is all about?
Oh, yeah, try that on a soft pad.
Yeah, yeah.
I was just curious.
Yeah, when you can't do, like, four footers on a soft pad,
yeah, 13 feet, that's going to rock.
Okay, yeah, well, that's where it's at.
I'm sorry.
All right.
I'm still, I say, in the groove.
It's not as good as the fanboys and girls say it is,
it is, but it's not as bad as Loki says it is either, or the haters say. It's just, it's
there. It's another dance game. It's fine. Whatever. For me it is kind of a holdover
until New DDR, honestly, which I hope will happen in the arcade someday. But I'm not
going to hold my breath. I hope. I hope those kinds of rumors are true. I really hope so.
Anyway, that's the end of the show. It's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts,
Starting with Seagurd, Mieglatov, Shane, whatever the hell your name is.
Taco Bell has a new food item that's really good.
Loki.
I don't eat at Taco Bell because, you know, it looks like runny poop
and it gives you runny poop, so the end.
My final thought is, I want a Power Max.
Somebody give me $1,600.
And Loki, don't you open your mouth. I don't want to get into this discussion with you.
What exactly... What power would that have?
The power to crash. The power to run nothing.
The power to play no games.
I actually want... I actually want a G5.
Yeah. But I'm in the graphic art. I'm waiting for Loki to say something about,
you know, Macintoshes are the in the groove of the computer market or something.
I am actually thinking of saving up for a G5 tower, just because since my major is mostly
graphic based.
Look, look people, I want one because they're pretty, alright?
That's it.
I want one!
I have a legitimate reason for wanting one!
You want one for aesthetic value?
No, I have real value for them.
I like the idea that they do the sound, I want things like GarageBand and those types
of programs.
I think they could answer some.
Yeah.
I just want Photoshop to be able to run decently.
And honestly, my work comes out a lot better using the G5 at school than using my PC.
Alright, DarkSakura, your final thought?
Reject false icons!
So that Britney Spears is on fire!
And the final word of the show, one word to sum everything up and let us know where we...
I gave it to you last week, didn't I, Seacred?
Alright, fine, you can have tonight's final word.
See you guys next week, thanks for listening, you guys.
And the final word of the show is hungry.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Now you say you never met my wife, you ain't never seen her before
Say you ain't been hangin' round my crib, well here's somethin' I wanna know
I wanna know what in the world is goin' down How come my dog don't bark when you come around?
I got the baddest dog, he'll bite anybody He bit my little brother, took a chunk out
of my old sweet little mother He bit the mailman, he sees him every day
He takes one look at you, he wanna jump up and play
Now I ain't got a clue as to what you puttin' down
But I come my dog, don't balk when you come around
My dog is dangerous, tryin' to set people free
Even bought a bad dog's fine and hung it on the gate
Here you come trippin' about a quarter to nine
Full of that nitrene wine tryin' to slide past the slide
My dog there knockin' off ain't read you no mind
That's my dog when I come home, he don't sleep that sound
How come my dog don't bark when you come around?
I still don't like it, I don't dig it one damn bit
The way you and my dog are so tight, somethin' don't fit
Now I slip through the alley, I call my dog
So get up off your rusty dust Move a little faster to your old master
Your Kai Yu Yu He took one look at me
He growled and he ran straight to you Now somebody's been confusing my whole hound
And I wanna know what's goin' down How come my dog don't bark when you come around?
Maybe I better call up Jacoby and Miles And you can take the Fifth Amendment, that is
Better stand up for your rights, cause you might not be standing too long
I'm gonna stop all this confusion, I'm gonna fire that hound, shoot that dog down
Then I'm gonna get busy mutilating, strangling, operating, and cremating my old lady
Down at the cremation station
Then I'm gonna torch that tooth and come right on after you
You'd give your heart and soul to charity And all the rest's gonna be a loan to me
I'm goin' straight down to that barber's supply shop
Gettin' a girl handy, double edged, high on the ground
Move a blue blade, adjustable stainless steel Horned edge, both blades on the same side
So when I cut you once, you gonna bleed twice
And if you don't believe me, shake your head, it'll be singin' I ain't got no vibe.
But one night I hit a little FBI 007 type investigation.
You and my old lady thought I was gone, but I wasn't gone.
That's why I had to separate you from your ground.
And the only sound you gonna hear when you six feet in the ground.
How come my dog didn't bark when you came around?
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
There we are. There's Mike. Alright. Rob, how come my cat don't meow when you come around?
I don't know honey, I don't know. Alright. Um, Loki, I promised the chatters I'd bring
this up to you because they started yelling this at me during the credits, but some folks
in the chat room say they can pass 11 footers on their home pads. And they're yelling at
saying you you suck to loki you are to suck we can pass yeah but what about
soft pads no there that somebody said my soft pad is modded on top of a plastic
card modded I'm sorry do it on an unmodded one and send us footage what
well what's that gonna prove us let's assume somewhere somebody has done it
let's say what is that gonna prove no one can no one can do it on an unmodded
I think there's just no pleasing Loki, kids. That's just how it works. So, that's the best answer you're gonna get.
regular soft pad no what serious gamer plays on a regular soft pad though that's
what they sell them so that's what I did I haven't modded any of my pads yet then
again I did pay $80 for my Dreamcast ones all right all right there's just I
think there's just no pleasing Loki kids that's just how it works so that's the
best answer you're gonna get in the meantime we're signing out for the night
Thanks a lot for
