Orange lounge radio to go edition week of June 13th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer
Chat now here your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
Hello everybody out there on the internet who is subscribed to the orange lounge radio to go edition we appreciate that
that thanks a bunch for tuning in we are here to talk about the latest and
greatest in the video game world all that you want to know on video games the
news that you really want but we don't talk about games that suck because we
just don't like those games at all so we just can't stand to talk about them but
we got a lot of good stuff to talk about tonight but first we've got to introduce
my partners in crime we're gonna help talk about those games tonight let's say
hello to Jamie Summers also miss dark Sakura yes you're enthusiastic about
tonight I have a new car and I'm moving out of my hellhole apartment congratulations
when next week there's a couple weeks very soon I'm sure we'll be getting a
month around my birthday if I'm not mistaken yeah my birthday's coming up
what are you getting me your present from last year it's still when I find it
after we unpack it. Now that's a way to give gifts. I've already got your gift
pet and picked out and I've forgot to go get it today. The one and only Tech
Masa Loki, yes. What did you? Yes, this is Loki and this is
Sexy Action News. I think that's a different podcast. Sexy Action News. I
think they must be ranked in the top ten over on the alley, I don't know. Anyway, my
name is Rob Roberts, of course, also known as Sky. We're here to talk about games
And we're gonna start off tonight's edition as we always do talking about the games that we've been playing this week dark Sakura
How about you?
um
Fantasy star online blue burst the beta is over, right? Yes
I've actually to the beta will be over as of tomorrow. So it goes pay to play and I will be
Registering my account and canceling my xbox one. I
Will probably be canceling the Xbox one too. I'm considering starting it on the PC, but I'm kind of on the fence
I had a lot of fun with the beta, but I just feel like do I really want to commit to the demo?
I kind of want us one of us
I wish I wish more folks to be taking that Guild Wars model or just gouge me for 50 bucks when I buy the game
Then don't charge me to pay per month anymore
But I guess I don't know I think Guild Wars have been doing very successful for that reason
But I guess other companies don't want to follow suit. I don't know
Well, I've also been watching Dan play a lot of Fire Emblem. Lots of Fire Emblem.
Which one? The sec- well, okay. It's hard for me to think of the second release in
the States as the second one because it's technically the third one on the
Game Boy Advance. The first one was the one that Marth and Roy were from, even if
you ever played Smash Bros. Oh yeah, I know Marth and Roy. But we never got that game.
hmm well Dan found a ROM of it and I found him an English patch for it so he's
been quite happy playing through that and getting his fire emblem on and
seeing I like seeing how the games all connect and you know honestly I'm
thinking about starting to play it I hate turn-based strategy but I would
play this fire emblems game I never really got into I just need to give it a
second look I think I don't know I just I don't know why one of the rarest games
I own is the macross strategy game on the turbo graphics or the PC Engine duo
Oh, and I hate that game. I hate it. I just have it cuz it's hard to get
Seriously, well, you have night trap right and that game sucks. Well, yeah, but night trap you can find anywhere
Oh, I thought that was a rare one. Oh
You find it and they say it's very blah blah blah. I'm not much of a cuz what's your face from the fat from?
Different strokes she died. Yeah, she killed herself. Did she she OD'd
after being in night trap
I'd slip my eyes be nice. I remember down the block not across the street
If I were in night trap, I would do it if I were desperate enough to be a night trap
Wow
Okay, not really. I'd be like, okay. I have money
It's better than porn. Yeah, I was stupid for the stupid game could be worse could be born anything else you've been playing
Only the games on the Gorillaz webpage. I've been playing with the darts at the toilet.
You know what, we'll come back to web games in a minute. Loki, what have you been playing
this week?
I played a little bit, very briefly, of Tetris Worlds for the Game Boy Advance, and it's
It's Tetris in eight different forms or seven different forms, all of which are just too
damn similar.
So Tetris is Tetris.
And then I played WarioWare Twisted, actually I played WarioWare Twisted about five minutes
ago, so it's fun and it has a bunch of weird, stupid minigames in it that are just fun and
just strange, like you can grate cake.
Like you grate cheese.
Is that an actual minigame or is that one of the things you unlock?
It's one of the things you unlock.
like a little toy, and then they have, um, it's just a bunch of whole fun stuff you can
do, and since WarioWare Twisted actually has a gyroscope built into the bottom of it, you
can actually, most of the game is played using the A button and tilting your Game Boy Advance
or Nintendo DS.
What do you think of this game compared to WarioWare Touched?
I haven't played WarioWare Touched.
Oh, I thought you had.
I need to pick it up, though.
I thought about picking it up and I need to go do that.
You know, most people I've talked to that have played all the games say that, uh, Twisted
Twisted is the best, Touched is the worst, with the first one being in the middle somewhere,
so...
Well, I most...
Let me just put it this way, Warrior Warrior Twisted is a very short game.
Most of the Warrior Warrior games are, though.
It's a very short game at the very end, but like, the last level's hard, because you only
have one life, and all the games get very hard on you all of a sudden, and so, you know...
But I saw your cartridge, you don't have very many unlocks yet, so...
Yeah, but see, here's the thing, though, is every time I play the game and I get up to
like stage nine or whatever you get an unlock every time so I can keep playing
the same stage over and over and I can just get unlocks that way but uh yeah
the thing is so is because Nellie was playing some of the older stages so she
was unlocking games I didn't have before so I go and play my game also there's
these games like what the hell do I have to do here yes it was funny a lot of fun
though anything else um Final Fantasy 11 a little bit I got to play that I'm
still wish they'd fixed their server problem, whatever it is, because it like
almost the same time every day. Do you think that that's now becoming the
scapegoat for all their problems? The DOS attacks is now like the scapegoat? I don't
even know if that's the case it's just something because when their server
crashes it's like everything like you can't get in their lobby you can't it's
like their complete servers all of them go down or something. Yesterday's though
So the lobby didn't go down but I couldn't log back in or it was allowing me to log in
but it was trying to load the level and it couldn't load anything so I just backed out
of it.
But I don't know what the problem is and I know that it stopped me from playing a few
times and it's always around the same time usually around 11pmish around there is when
it stops.
Which is great because right before that happened Nelly was bitching at me about, Nelly my fiance,
bitching at me how I was playing... Not the rapper. No, not the rapper. She was saying
how I was playing this stupid game and stuff and how I should, you know, come pay attention
to her or something and then the game, you know, started crashing on me. I'm like...
Are you sure she just didn't pull the plug? Oh, I'm positive, because my cable modem...
My cable modem is right on my desk. It's a DOF attack, Denial of Fiance. No, no, no.
The game, she was just being cranky, I mean, she's just like-
Typical- Nevermind, they're not your sessions.
Yeah, seriously, typical-
I have a ferret!
Typical woman, she's like- I don't wanna-
I didn't say it, I didn't say it.
She says, she's like-
Okay, this shit doesn't happen in my house.
I don't wanna go outside, but I don't wanna stay inside.
Well there's no, there's no in between, you can't not go outside and not stay inside.
Tell her to go sit in the doorway.
Patio.
This shit does not happen in my house!
It's like, get your ass off the PS2 because I want to play fucking Silent Hill.
Yeah, it's never that. I mean, it's just like...
Tell her to take up smoking. She's been doing cross-stitch.
So, you know, more power to her. Alright.
MyGamingWeek, I also checked out WarioWare Twisted for a little bit
just because I had to play the Kid Icarus stage, okay? Because,
damn that's a game they need to bring back. Why? It's been how many years?
Why have they not brought that game back? I'm so upset but
they tease us in WarioWare Twisted with a level inspired by Kid O'Grith.
They have the boss battle for the retro games
is you're playing Super Mario Brothers but it's like
around the world. Yeah, it's kinda cool. I like that.
I got that far. I got to see that. So that was kinda cool.
I like the game. It's neat. I'm gonna have to pick it up and check it out for myself.
I didn't run out and get this the day it came out though because I was
kind of disappointed in the long run with Touched.
None of the unlocks were really that great but I'm kind of impressed with some
of the things I'm seeing in Twisted so far.
I like that they have a lot more than minigames. I played the apple shooter or
whatever that thing was. That's a lot of fun. That was kind of funny, I like that.
And also like they have this sheep counting one that's pretty hard because they
Oh man, it pissed me off yesterday. I was like getting really far in it. All of a sudden the sheep stop
and then they run really fast and they run into the wall and then you're fucked.
And then they have, like, another one that's ski jumping that's pretty fun, and then, um...
uh, Space Boomerang, which is just strange.
Wow. Crazy.
I...
I have to play this if you get to murder sheep.
It's like, like in Lemmings, right?
Well, you don't get to murder sheep that you're not trying to murder sheep,
it's just that they smash into the wall and then you get sheep, like, uh...
That just reminds me of a commercial.
But you get to great cakes, DarkCyber, you get to great them.
And carrots!
This reminds me of a commercial that I saw today, Dan went on the classic video game
commercial website and they had one for a football game, as in soccer, of this old man
lecturing his dog on, you know, don't let the sheep make fun of you, go out and get
them, and so the dog's herding him in here, crowd cheering like it's playing with a goal
and everything and he's herding the sheep, but that's what that made me think of.
There's also a love tester on here, it's two players, it's a compatibility tester, it's
quite funny because you know Nellie didn't get it so we scored like an 18
out of 100 because she didn't she's like she's like I wasn't reading the stream
like you're supposed to be paying attention yes this this is this marriage is gonna be
happily ever after of course she wasn't paying attention as usual never pays
attention to me I hope she doesn't figure out how to download bodcast right
I'm going to give you advice on how to deal with women and this could be for
anybody out there listening smile and nod and then ask forgiveness later and
this is coming from a woman smile or not learn the fine art of filtering when you
start to hear the pitch rise just a little bit so you know why don't we just
take a moment and sit down and talk about this can we can we get away from
the women are from Venus and men are Mars chat for a minute I got it because
I will I will totally admit that we're from like the moon if I Venus you've
been crazy town yeah all right stop enough no I'm as a woman yes I can
vouch for this, we're nuts. But so are men, because men are stupid. Sorry.
Stop. I'm willing to live with that.
Stop. Alright, anyway, nah, games. I'm gonna make you wrestle this out or something. You're
gonna have a rumble roses battle to figure this one out.
I love my games are in a box! Alright, anyway, games. The other games I've
been playing this week, I don't know why, but I've been getting into the PopCap games,
which is kind of the laughing stock of the game world, I think, in some respects. But
You've all been addicted to one at some point.
Tell me you did not play Bejeweled when it first came out and thought it was cool in
San Aquarium.
Bejeweled is a piece of shit.
I can say without a doubt that I have never played any Pop Camp games ever.
I had Neopets.
Okay, well that's laughable, so I feel better.
I was very, very good at that bullshit game they had on there.
I don't know why, but I've just been all about playing like Zuma and like all the games that
are on there at san aquarium I love that game it's awesome anyway I know I feel
like I'm letting everybody down by admitting that I play popcap games
because they're the same games that like the you know 50 something year old women
I work with play on their breaks is that like bookworm is that like Apple saying
you know we're gonna put Intel processors in our PCs now we're letting
you down oh well all right anyway let's move on to some more gaming news we
want to do a follow-up to a gaming story we were talking about a couple weeks ago
the gaming actors you might remember they were threatening to go on strike
this would have to do with the voice actors they did vote and actually a
majority voted to strike but they needed to have a super majority in order to in
order to strike two-thirds and they did not achieve that just no ordinary
majority will do we need super maturity so basically right now is that even a
real concept or is that just saying we don't really care what you think. I don't
know but anyway this is the contract it's now going to be good through the
end of 2008 it will grant the voice actors an increase in pay up to 36%
through the duration of the contract the first raise which will be a 25% hike
goes into effect July 1st if you're curious how much they make right now the
minimum rate for a four hour voice acting session $556 so that's going up by
25 percent. I'm gonna be a voice actor now. One thing that the voice actors didn't get
was the residuals. You might remember that this was a big thing they were pushing for
was they want to get, if the game's successful, they want a chunk of the profits because the
actors feel that they contribute to that, so they wanted that. They did not get that.
They only got the pay raise. So, well, at least it's something, huh? So, luckily that's
all settled so you'll continue to hear voices of famous people in your games. The reason
that they didn't have a majority is because the voice actors were striking, so therefore
they weren't speaking and so therefore when it's all in favor of you know
striking say I you are a dumbass all right moving on to a follow-up from
another story we did a couple weeks ago a couple months ago at this point can
you believe we've been doing this crap that long
GameStop and EB you might remember it was announced they're gonna merge into
this powerhouse gaming store but remember as we said to sum it up GameStop
and EB were not each other's competition the real competition Walmart Target so
now they're joining forces the merger was okayed by the federal government so
it's a done deal it will happen so those of you guys that maybe work for one or
the other that were a little bit nervous about teaming up with the enemy sorry
it's it's a done deal dude they're the same store already I mean it's just like
you can literally put like a GameStop sign out from EB and it would look just
Well, you know one thing one thing that you may not realize is that and this is something I learned today
Is that they advertise match?
So if EB's running an ad GameStop will match that and now granted this would be you know
Some stores may not go for this but most stores are gonna do this any you know
Store that wants to stay in business will do the ad matching so you can even take in an ad from EB games to a
GameStop and you know
Get whatever but I would probably have to be one within the same town
I'm sure there are laws don't take my word for it
it asking GameStop or an EB manager if you're curious for more details on their
policies but I'm just trying to say that they can you know they're already one
store when you have that policy right and they are ruining these games new
games all the systems engage setups in both stores I don't know why engage
games going in the discount bin the engage is gone from Dan store I actually
overheard a guy in a one of the store I was at one of the other store today and
and actually overheard a guy asking for help on the Engage tech support and I
just felt like walking by going dude just throw it away
stop wasting your time. The taco of doom
it was just sad walking through E3 and seeing what a big beautiful setup they had
and all of five people there including us as we were passing through it
I was trying not to make any sub movements in case if any of the Engage Arena staff
might see me
someone's interested get him I thought someone was heading to me I'm like dude
it only took me I swear to you 30 seconds of playing civilization on the
engage because I just had civilization is one of my probably a naughty and keep
in mind I was addicted to Final Fantasy 11 for two and a half years civilization
I was addicted to for a longer period and I absolutely love that game is my
favorite PC game of all time so I had to see what happened to it on the engage
30 seconds or less, there was a guy over. Do you have any questions?
Yeah, how do I do anything on this game?
I cannot figure anything out. Why does it suck so bad?
I laughed. You know what's weird though? This game is making my stomach lighting bleed.
Love Civilization 1 never got into Civ 2 or 3, even though most people consider
Civ 2 as the peak of the series.
I never got into Civ 2 or 3, don't know why. But I'm still curious about Civ 4.
Another follow-up story, lots and lots of follow-up stories tonight. Nintendo
you might remember that there was this rumor going around about the revolution
where they're going to be doing the downloadable games. That hasn't changed.
They're still going to be offering the retro games for download in the library.
No real specifics. But what did happen is that in an interview in Famitsu magazine,
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata says, you guys are making up rumors out there.
We never said this was going to be free. Oops!
Let me try to find the exact quote here. The exact quote is
baseless rumor is the exact quote there
the internet discussions going on were a baseless rumor so
it seems kind of obvious that Nintendo would charge for this.
You know correct that. Basically they've never said that it was free anyways.
They said some
might be free. You know obviously it's not going to
all be free because you know let's just not make any money from re-releasing our games
fifty times like we do all the time.
You know I I kind of found it hard to believe too that when you are releasing these classic Nintendo games such as you know
Metroid
Even though you can unlock Metroid through two other Metroid games either Metroid zero mission or the Metroid prime
fusion link up
They were charging $20 for this separately. I kind of found it hard to believe that suddenly this game would be free on the revolution
so
But are people gonna pay $20 for these games
I don't think they will or even now if you want to get even crazier than that probably an Animal Crossing DS
You've been liking another game. Maybe well. Yeah, maybe maybe we don't know we'll see
Any thoughts dark soccer?
It's it's why I try not to speculate on systems cuz usually it's gonna come back and shoot you in the ass
Well, we got a lot of that going on with the next-gen wars heating up here. So
Something to get used to speaking of war
very interesting story out of China going on you might have heard about this
online but there was actually a fight that broke out between two individuals
in China over a virtual sword and this one Chinese guy and I will horribly
pronounce this I apologize Qiyi Chengwei was the guy that attacked
Xu Kalyan and murdered him basically over a dispute over an online sword and
the parents are upset. Cui received a suspended death sentence for this attack.
The virtual sword was sold to another gamer basically was a dispute like that
the sword was stolen. The sword was stolen I guess just allegedly and
then sold to another gamer for seven thousand two hundred yuan and that's six
hundred dollars United States money so six hundred dollar sword got murdered
over like a cracking club in Final Fantasy 11 it's about would you murder
someone over a cracking club though that's insane come on you got to draw
the line somewhere exactly cracking club that's just like you know knees broken I
mean because that's not even you know worth that I mean granted this is a
story out of China but the sad thing is I could see this happening here does
anyone want to doubt me I don't doubt it at all because people are stupid you
know people life allow me to get a little philosophical here please you
know we live in a world where things are not the bright beautiful sunshine that
you know MTV and Teletubbies wants us to think it is you know I love you but
seriously it's not all about pop star drama and reality TV that's an illusion
and the thing is is that people are looking you know people understand that
we are really living in a pretty dark time right now with all the crap that's
going on in the world and even their own lives are so mundane and maybe so
unhappy that people are always looking for a form of escape that's why we watch
TV that's why we listen to music that's why we're here honestly we're here to
offer that to our listeners but it's the point where you start wanting to escape
it to the point where you are totally immersing yourself in fantasy you know
that's the point that it's gone on too far when you start losing touch like
that that's when you know that's when you start losing it in your head at
least there is poetic justice in this world because Britney Spears chaotic is
one of the lowest rated shows on television so at least there is poetic
justice I didn't mean to be down on it but that's all right that's my whole
theory on this whole you know epidemic of people immersing themselves in all
these MMOs is the fact that you know basically life sucks let's make some
So you see MMOs as like an escape?
I see it as a form- well, you know, any form of entertainment.
You know what? I'll admit it. To me, Final Fantasy XI, when I was so into it, was a bit of an escape.
But games in general are kind of an escape.
But I don't let it blur the line with the real world.
Exactly.
I realize it's fictional, but unfortunately not everybody has that brain about you.
But Vantage Yield doesn't exist?
Shush.
And I think, though, that it's these people that get too far into it.
Or even, you know, get too far- you know, I have to admit, I'm a pretty rabid, you know, Guerrillas fan,
point where I can't distinguish between reality and not where you think you're
gonna marry Murdoch considering he's a cartoon character no but I'm saying you
know there's a limit to that you know okay remember in the 80s the screaming
Michael Jackson fans of the woman who thought that she was his wife and had
his baby and they locked her up and to this day she still claims to be his wife
that is losing yourself that is going to the point of going nutso and that's like
the guy in China they were too far into their game to be able to distinguish it
from reality and when you go that far that's it all right if you have any
feedback comments I want to give a shout out to Jamie or you want to maybe give
her a question or whatever I look forward to seeing a counterpoint to go
at orange lounge radio.com to go at orange on studio calm we actually added
a new section of our website, even over at orangehonored.com that says contact staff.
So if you want to contact any of us, our emails are all right there, as well as the general
address.
And I would like to give a shout out to the people I heard from last week, to Jimmy, who
likes our podcast, and Misty's back.
Right on.
And to Robin from PodNova.
Oh, cool, hi.
So hi to all you guys, thanks for writing.
And I'd like to give a shout out to the people that have contacted me.
Thank you to VidRx for the wonderful Blue Pill ads, I love those.
And thank you to HotSluts.com for sending me ads and also I have enough free PSP offers
so no thanks for those.
By the way, the game in question, because I'm sure you guys are curious, what game was
this?
called legend of mere three so not something I've heard of here but it must
be more popular overseas I think I have heard of that one actually not me what
can I say all right I think I think a good follow-up piece would be dark
Sakura's on a roll here so I think she needs to start dishing out her advice
column here because you know we here at orange lounge radio we're not just here
to talk about games all the time because if we talked about games all the time
we'd have no time to go sit in the doorway so we are here to better your
life with the advice column because you need to go outside once in a while and who better
than our one and only DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, what are you going to give the kids some advice about tonight?
Today's piece of advice is how to survive when lost in the jungle.
Number one.
This is helpful.
Yes.
Number one, find water.
If you do not have the means to purify water, cut sections from large water vines or cut
banana trees to capture the water welling out from the stalks.
Only drink water from streams and rivers as a last resort as this water will most likely
2. Eat only foods that you can peel or cook. Avoid brightly colored plants or plants with
a milky sap. Many of these are poisonous. Insects, grubs, and raw fish, except those
with bristles or spines rather than scales, are safe to eat. Peel fruits before eating.
Peels may harbor diarrhea-causing bacteria.
final piece of advice yes stay out of brazil unless we might have listeners there be nice
unless of course i mean in the jungle don't go to the jungle don't go to the jungle unless
you can't you know go and watch out for dinosaurs and bring toilet paper because you might breathe
and catch diarrhea be sure not to slip on the diarrhea in the jungle that's more usages of
of the word diarrhea than we have allotted for the show, please.
Loki, did you have some stories you wanted to share with us tonight?
I know you're excited about this PSP hacking thing.
Of course, as it's been rumored all week, you know, PSP, you know, everyone's looking
for a way to run homebrew applications on version 1.5 PSP.
For those not in the know, the version 1.0 PSPs were the very first ones launched in
Japan and all the US ones were version 1.5.
So all of us over here, unless you actually import a 1.0 version of PSP, you can't run
any of those cool emulators and all that stuff.
However, now there's this one website stating, yes, they found a way and they're going to
launch it on June 15th, on the 15th hour.
I get it, 1.5, 15.
The website only4.info, they have a video on there that's showing a version 1.5 PSP
running...
The number 4 only 4 or only 4?
Only and then the number 4.
All one word.info.
They have a video, people are of course saying oh it's fake and people are saying oh it's
real.
I guess you'll find out on Wednesday when this is actually launched.
And supposedly they have a tutorial on how to make programs to run in version 1.5.
And it only works in version 1.5 because whatever the hole is was fixed in version 1.51.
So hopefully you haven't upgraded your PSP to anything above 1.5 because otherwise you're
screwed.
Interesting.
know a lot of sense since also they have a brand new some brand new stuff for the
PSP homebrew stuff like for example XMAME was released for the PSP and that's
MAME for your PSP so you can play all your favorite arcade emulators and then
also there's emulators now out for the Gameboy Color, for the Mega Drive, for a
Neo Geo Pocket, just tons of stuff out there, and hopefully this will, you know, happen
and we'll see this being able to play, you know, these homebrew applications.
So when you go to this website on the 15th, either you're going to find the holy grail
here of emulation on the PSP, or you're going to find your computer filled with spyware,
because this will be a practical joke, I don't know.
No, it's...
I think it sounds pretty legit though.
It's going to be, it'll be everywhere on the net if this is the case, because it's going
to just be, it's a big thing.
I'm sure you will bring us a full report.
Oh, yes.
And also on the other portable end, we have DS.
We have Space Invaders for the DS.
And they're actually playing that now.
I believe they're running on Linux,
because they have Linux running for the DS right now.
When's it going to be installed on a toaster?
Did you hear this story from earlier this week?
And I don't have the article up in front of me.
For some reason, I forgot to pull it up for tonight's stuff.
PlayStation 3 they're saying will have Linux installed on it by default.
PlayStation 3 their hard drives will come with Linux installed on them because they're not being included
but they said that you would be able to install other operating systems such as
Windows
and Tiger which would be the Mac OS
X whatever. Wow. Why anyone would do that I don't know.
I don't know but supposedly they're gonna have that and I guess if you install
Linux on it you'd have a pretty powerful PC right there because
you know cell processing plus you know tons of USB applications you could
probably run
you know a keyboard and whatnot off there so who knows what the hell you're going to be there.
It feels like that there's something we're missing here. I'm sure we'll get more
details on this in the next video.
This all sounds too good to be true. This really does sound too good to be true.
Well, coming from the horse's mouth. In other news,
let's see here we've got also details that the Nintendo DS
outsells the Sony PSP and PlayStation 2 combined
in Japan that's actually sold that well and you can probably thank that to Nintendogs
because Nintendogs rocks.
And I think it's going to be a big thing here too.
Nintendogs actually has a little epidemic attached to it, sort of catching on the way
Pokemon was, you know, the little shaky ones.
You know, they're, you know, it's like I was talking to the guy at E3, they'll be, the
boys start playing Nintendogs to pick up girls because the girls were all playing it and
and their little puppies would bark at them.
So the boys' doggies would bark back.
This is gonna be very interesting
when this game launches, I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you very much, Loki, for letting us know
what's going on in the hackin' and crackin' world.
DarkSakura, how about what's going on in the UK?
You got a story for the UK for us tonight?
For our friends over there?
I was digging through BBC News,
which, you know, I actually look at BBC News every so often.
This is something about a Pac-Man virtual reality thing
that they were doing.
actually it was the human pac-man was developed at the National University of
Singapore by a mixed reality lab and what they were doing they're having it
they're using GPS Bluetooth virtual reality Wi-Fi infrared and sensing
mechanisms trying to create a virtual world so these people are wearing these
hats these goggles and it's actually putting the dots in front of them and
they're running the maze now it's pretty cool you know there's a pictures in a
little bit more detail on it on the bbc.co.uk under the technology section
because these pictures are hard to describe it's really it shows I saw them
on another new site this week and it looked kind of weird like I've seen the
live pac-man games I remember seeing it on the internet previously but not this
like that was just kids running in the street pretending that one you know
ghosts and stuff but I think I like that to you virtual but maybe yeah the the
virtual dots that project in front of you that's kind of cool that's the new
part of it the other I've seen the GPS based pac-man that's kind of well this
one yeah they were using more of a radio sensor and there were people actually
dressed up as pac-man and people dressed up as the ghosts being directed by
people functioning as the AI and this was done in New York because they actually had
it sectioned out around Central Park where it all mapped out to exactly the Pac-Man grid.
But I thought this was pretty cool and what they're doing is also an experiment on the
whole GPS system but also on integrated gaming.
Gaming.
Very cool.
All right, well thanks for that report.
Moving on, you might have heard about the Halo movie.
Microsoft's been shipping out the Halo movie
like mad this week.
They sent folks dressed up in Master Chief outfits
to deliver the scripts to the studios.
They went all out for this.
They wanted $10 million plus 15% of the box office revenue
and they wanted a heck of a lot of control
over the film as well.
They wanted all these seats for the premiere.
Now granted, some of this could be rumor,
but the internet's saying they wanted seats for the premiere,
and they wanted control over the actors that were going
to be in it and all this stuff.
Well, they got some of it.
Two studios actually teamed up, Universal Pictures
and 20th Century Fox.
They're going to offer $5 million and 10%
of the initial box office revenue.
So we'll be looking at more formal details announced
a little later on when all the t's are crossed
and i's are dotted, but you can look for a joint studio,
Halo the movie production. I'm sure it will be decent since it's got a pretty generic
storyline. We need a decent video game movie, but this could be a good trend because Silent
Hill is looking good, Halo has a lot of potential, Spy Hunter. Two words when it comes to the
Halo movie, Starship Troopers. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Starship Troopers wasn't bad, it would
be fun. Um, what was I going to say, um, Spy Hunter, that's being worked on Universal,
and granted the rocks getting it but you know the rocks now becoming a more legitimate actor
so it could be cool and I wouldn't think there's a lot to work with the spy hunter though so
you have a lot of room to you have a with a car low yeah with spy hunter there's not
a lot you got the car and your car changing with a halo you've got a very intricate story
between halo halo 2 and microsoft in fact wants to make sure their story does not get
screwed up by the movie they want that was very important to them because they are going
to do a Halo 3, that's a big duh. They want to make sure this movie isn't going to F that
out all the way. We don't want to run into Resident Evil Syndrome. You know what I'd
love to see though? What's that? Red vs. Blue, the movie. Yes! Oh my god, that would be awesome.
A chupa thingy! They should totally, and I would, because Red vs. Blue has kind of become
like the spokesperson for Halo, sort of. So what they should do is have like, you know
how they have like cartoon movies, you know how they have the little mini cartoon? Have
a red vs blue little intro movie or something, that'd be kinda cool.
I wonder if there's actually been any updates to Red vs Blue, because I haven't watched
it since the second season.
They have new seasons, but anyways, I'm surprised a lot of these things like Red vs Blue, Homestar,
Runner, Strangerhood, I love the Strangerhood Theater, all that stuff, I'm surprised they
just don't all team up and start their own dang network, honestly.
I would watch it.
I would.
Okay, honestly, Red vs Blue, Internet TV Radio, no no no, seriously, Red vs Blue, The Strangerhood,
these do a damn show on G4. G4 has some really weird stuff that doesn't really
fit with that gaming network like their whole like you know import car thing
yeah I mean that's something that should be on MTV put this stuff on there I mean
it's it's done for them just publish it the end I guess it just doesn't sell I
don't know anyway you got a really quick update for us on Liberty City oh yes
Liberty City stories Grand Theft Auto there's a story because basically
another magazine is leaked information and the magazine in question this time
was the official PlayStation Magazine UK edition and hey there's some more UK
news yes and if you and for our wonderful podcast listeners if you mosey
on down to orange launch radio.com you can see that in the little read more
section I have included six packages for your enjoyment those packages being
scans of the actual magazine so you can see the wonderful in-game shots start
Start moseying.
Start moseying.
Basically, it's going to be just like Grand Theft Auto 3, it's going to be in Liberty
City again.
You play as Tony Cipriani in a 1998 Liberty City, so some of the stuff is going to be
a little bit different.
They have the same targeting system, motorbikes, as in the later games.
The missions are going to be a little bit shorter, but there's going to be more than
there were in Grand Theft Auto 3, and basically one of the theories is you might be able to
your own mp3s off the memory stick on your own radio station just kind of like the PC
version but that's pretty much it different packages and different secret stuff but definitely
worth picking up and that's going to be coming out I think in September sounds pretty cool
I'm going into a very very different type of game Dig Dug is coming back and it's going
to be on the DS it's called Dig Dug Digging Strike get it DS Digging Strike gonna be coming
out in Japan on September 8th the very interesting thing about Dig Dug Digging Strike is that
that they are taking elements of the original Dig Dug
and mixing it with Dig Dug 2.
Did any of you guys ever play Dig Dug 2?
I'm sure you all played Dig Dug 1.
Briefly.
Did you ever play Dig Dug 2 with like the island
and you were kind of axing off parts of the island?
It was a very different style of gameplay.
But what they're doing now,
and this was actually announced in the latest issue again,
of Famitsu Magazine, has kind of the combination
where kind of you got Dig Dug 2 going on on the top screen,
But then you got Dig Dug 1 going on on the bottom screen,
and you move around to different parts of the island,
and you kind of do the little Dig Dug 1 parts.
Kind of interesting.
I think it's kind of neat, just the idea of combining
two games in a new way for the DS.
This is kind of a cool thing.
And it doesn't look like it's whoring on the touch thing.
It looks like it's using the dual screen aspect of it
more than just the touch, which I think is good.
It's kind of interesting.
The DS doesn't have to be all about touching.
I'm sure they will use the touchscreen in one way or another, but I think it's kind of neat.
Exactly. All right. Also moving on, Sega! Sega's launched a brand new community
site. It's called Sega Link, and what it does is allows users to create their own
blogs and photo albums, and you chat with other users and all that stuff. Sega Link
also has a huge library with online games and board games, simple games, Sega
Classic and Link Collection is what they call it. The Sega Classic section
features Windows ports of Genesis titles like Golden Axe, Fantasy Star, and it
would cost you about $1.12 to play for 24 hours. Not too shabby, but here's the
bad news. SEGALINK.JP. It's a Japanese only site right now. Credit card to work
in Japan I can get a Japanese address Sega link dot JP if you're thinking
about going around the back door to get on that site might be kind of fun what I
think is interesting about this article is talking about the Nintendo Revolution
and of course we don't know a lot about what the Nintendo Revolution is going to
offer but we do know now one thing that they will not offer they are saying and
and this is GameCube Advanced that is reporting this
the revolution will not support high-definition signals
from the article quote Nintendo doesn't plan for the system to be HD compatible
as with that comes a higher price for both the consumer
and also the developer creating the game very interesting if you want more
information on that GC
dot advanced MN dot com not sure that's a good idea
me it's interesting
Cuz I heard that a lot of the TVs, the analog signals are gonna be cut off pretty soon here
where they're gonna be mandating where they have to make more HD TVs
versus analog TVs. Let me read the second part of the quote though.
With the technology being built into the revolution, we believe the games will
look brilliant and play brilliantly.
This can all be done without HD.
Interesting. I think that their intentions are good as far as making it a more
affordable system.
because there are people who will just go out and buy the cheaper one
you know and that will definitely help sales for them
however with the way the market's behaving isn't that sort of the same nail
that the Dreamcast put it
in their coffin? Don't know, don't know. Microsoft it's very interesting, Microsoft and Sony are
really whoring the HD thing, Microsoft is saying you must
make your games HD compatible. Microsoft has not made
a profit on the Xbox yet. You know what
I'm smelling some tricks up
Nintendo's sleeve man, they just blew it right out wide open there. Take it as you will. We'll see
More to come I'm sure one last story tonight for you guys here
And it has to do with Final Fantasy 11 because I know Loki's a big Final Fantasy 11 horror
Also another one from Famitsu magazine who is feeding us with all these articles tonight
Final Fantasy 11 producer Hiromichi
Tanaka
Disclosed that they are his team is currently working on a new
MMO
Specifically for next-generation consoles. Will it be a sequel to Final Fantasy 11?
it's unknown at this time, but it will be specifically next-generation consoles and
Finally, I have a brief really quick more summing up a few things television coming to the DS
That looks cool two more that legit or is that a hack? No, it's legit
Oh cool.
Two more games also coming from Capcom to the PSP. Those would be Mega Man Legends and...
God, I can't remember the other one. But anyways, Mega Man Legends is coming. That's the one I was happy about.
And I think some role-playing game. Fire Emblem or something.
Yes, yes. The new, actually the new Fire Emblem on GameCube is supposed to be really tremendous.
Really good. And there's been just a jump up for it. Lots of people.
To be continued on a later podcast.
And anybody out there listening that's in the PlayStation Portable or DS, you know, home development community,
please, please, please port ZZT or MegaZooks. Thank you.
I agree. ZZT would be needed. Thank you.
All right. That's going to do it for another podcast. Final thoughts. Loki.
I hope I can beat WarioWare Twisted and I hope I can get my Grand Theft Auto San Andreas back because I need to play it.
And I hope the PC version is done, uh, being purchased onto my computer.
DarkSockRay, your final thought?
As always, reject false icons, and my brand new 2002 Lancer OZ Rally completely kicks your ass.
And my final thought is, beware eye hunger.
Goodnight everybody, thank you for tuning in, and we'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
