Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of June 27th, 2005.
dedicated to those video games that don't suck and well sometimes we do have
to talk about some that do but not very many we try to keep that to a minimum my
name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Sky join me as always my awesome co-host
in this quarter the happiest bunny on the farm dark Sakura Jamie Summers you
know the ones that suck are the ones we make fun of of course we have to bring
them up so we can tease bash them into a broken silicon and wires and melted
plastic and then of course you know a reoccurring theme that's come up a lot
lately or the games that are being turned into movies that we get to bash
into a bloody pulp and all that stuff don't get me and I have another one to
talk about tonight joy joy joy also joining us tech massa one and only Loki
I am here how you doing I'm here all right here we are he's there yeah he's
there you're here we're all here this is me in the corner in the in the person
Is that you in the spotlight?
That's me in the spotlight.
Yeah.
Great.
Just a reminder, Horns On Treaty to Go edition is actually brought to you in MP3 Pro encoding.
So if you don't like the way this sounds on your iPod, that's because iPods don't have
the MP3 Pro thing.
I wish they did, but maybe they'll get that in the future.
But if you listen to this on Winamp or whatever, you can get a MP3 Pro codec, and this show
sounds even better.
You can hear us in full stereo and everything.
It's great.
Anyway.
Just thought I'd throw that out there, because I haven't talked about that in like 25 weeks
or so.
I thought I'd bring that up again.
All right, let's get into it.
First off, before we get into the news,
we'll always like to let you guys know
what we've been up to, how our gaming weeks have been,
what we've been playing.
Dark Sakura, I know you've been busy with moving and stuff.
Have you had any time for gaming?
I played one quest on PSO, and that was it.
Busy, busy.
It's amazing what the real life will do to you.
I did the caves.
And how'd that go?
Well, this thing is how I have a full power mag
at the time of the level 11 character. I'm level 13 now. I was just like die, die, die,
die, die, die, die, die, die, die. How's PSO going now that it went pay? Is there a lot
less people on there? I haven't noticed. I always play by myself or with people I know
anyway. It's PSO. Same thing it always was. We're supposed to have ep 4 though. I need
to check that out. I'm looking forward to the Phantasy Star universe too that they were
show on E3. It looked pretty cool. Yeah, that was pretty cool. Alright, so Loki, how was
your gaming week? What'd you play? I picked up Destroy All Humans. You know, remembering
that you also ran out and bought Alien Hamed and you like these invader zimish alien taking
over the world type games, doesn't surprise me one bit that you ran out and bought it.
Well, the only reason I bought Alien Hamed is because it reminded me of Contra and Metal
Slug. That's the only reason I bought that game. But no, Destroy All Humans was basically
for the... it's the same reason I bought Dog's Life. In fact, this game is very... it reminds
me of a dog's life in a lot of aspects. Except for the fact that you're an alien and the
other one you're a dog and this alien has the ability to throw stuff telekinetically
which just offers endless playability right there. You can just pick up chickens, throw
them into walls, pick up people, throw them against the ground, pick up a cow, throw it
into the air. Help me understand this game a little bit, because I've seen the commercials
and everything, so I understand that you play as an alien who is destroying all humans.
Why? Why? Why are they killing all humans? Why are they destroying all humans? Okay.
Well basically what happens is this race of aliens or whatever, they're from some distant
planet and a long, long time ago when they destroyed the Martians or whatever, they got
pissed off or whatever and came to Earth, they found that it was very primitive and
not so they injected some of their DNA into the early humans and since their
race has no ability to reproduce they have to clone themselves and after a
while generations and generations their clones have become inferior to what they
used to be so now they've come back to earth to extract this DNA from humans
and at the same time just destroy the whole planet because you know they're
destruction for no particular that's because that that's what they do that's
why they destroyed the Martians are like Jamie driving in her new car hey you
ran my car with me today and I didn't kill anybody while you were there
although you wanted to stupid van although it is a lot of fun and
basically put you right in the middle of us like a cheesy be sci-fi movie from
like the 50s and it's great just you know so much um playability in there
the commercials gave me the impression that it has that grand theft auto ish
style of, just do whatever the hell you want. If you want to follow the story, do it. Is
that true?
Sort of. Like I said, it's very similar to A Dog's Life 4. You've got the missions that
you're supposed to be doing, but after you finish the mission, you're still in the level
so you can collect what's left of, there's like these hidden, almost like probes or whatever
you have to find, and then that unlocks some other stuff. And then you can also extract
DNA from the people and that you can use to upgrade your ship, upgrade your abilities
and whatnot.
But meantime I just have fun going and destroying all the houses and stuff in your spaceship
and just throwing stuff in the walls and whatnot.
Graphics good?
The graphics are pretty good, they're decent.
I do like throwing chickens in the people and killing people with chickens, that's great.
Would you recommend the game to our listeners?
oh yeah definitely go go play it there's not much in July so
it's a good game. For everybody to play or for a certain audience?
Oh it's for everyone just go honestly just go play it I mean it's a lot of fun even if
you don't buy it
rent it it's great. I'm done.
I got a call actually today from Dan while he was at work asking me if I wanted a
black Labrador
a miniature dachshund or a chihuahua. You're getting a doggy?
I'm getting a Nintendog. Ah, I see. So I went for the Black Lab.
Now, this is because in Japan they have them all separated into the
different packs, right? But they're not doing that here, are they? Yes, they are.
Are they? Three of them. I was never quite clear on whether they were
splitting it up or not, because E3 I didn't get that impression.
They are dope. I'm getting the Black Lab.
Which will make one of our listeners who uses that as an alias very happy.
Exactly. I even posted in my live channel,
Puppy you should dig this. I actually picked the Black Lab because it goes with my little
freebie thing that I got it E3. I'm gonna get a Chihuahua because Chihuahuas
annoy everybody. Actually um
they do have, well if you notice all the um US ones have different dogs than the
Japanese ones. However the um US ones
you can unlock the Japanese dogs and also for example if someone has the
Chihuahua one, someone has the mini dash-hound
and you, you I guess interact with the Chihuahua one
it unlocks the Chihuahua on yours. So we should all make sure we get different ones
when we look at the game. Is there a Shih Tzu? Yes there is a Shih Tzu. I have to get a Shih Tzu
just so I can say I have a Shih Tzu.
It's technically a Shih Tzu. I like Shih Tzu.
Yeah, puh. I almost picked the Dachshund
but I like the Black Labs.
Yeah, I'm still waiting for Nintendo. Labrador Retriever, Chihuahua, and me dash on.
Alright, speaking of DS games, my gaming week, what I got to play this week was
Bomberman DS
Which I am pretty pleased with you know, what can I say? It's Bomberman
There's probably been a version of Bomberman on just about every console
Jamie you're probably more of an expert at this than I am. PC Engine is all about Bomberman 93. I knew it had was on PC Engine
But like was there one on Genesis? I don't know. There was no
I don't think there was a Bomberman on Genesis
But like damn near every console. The best version ever is Super Bomberman 2 on Super Nintendo
I I do remember the old Super Nintendo, there were like four of them on Super Nintendo. We had the
The multi-tap well if you if you're a Bomberman fan, this is pretty much classic Bomberman, but the very cool thing
I love what they did with this Bomberman DS is that you can play a person multiplayer one cartridge
None of this everybody's got to have the cartridge and play the game
Because the DS is wireless and everything and just send the game over and eight people can play off one cartridge
I think that's awesome. And this is what else I love about the DS
Here in this game is that it's not touch at all
it's using the two screen thing I think you can like you can set the controls to
use the touchscreen if you want but I'm loving it now that the games aren't
feeling the need to whore the touch thing incessantly like they're actually
coming up with good games that use just the two screen feature and that's what
Bomberman does because there's eight people now you have eight corners
because there's the two screens so it works out pretty well graphic wise it's
just you know what you expect from a Bomberman game probably you know a
little better than what you saw in Super Nintendo but you know it's it's it's
It's Bomberman, it's not gonna revolutionize the graphic world, and it's just, it's a fun,
it's a very good handheld game, because handheld games are supposed to be the quick and easy,
fun party games.
I think it's a good title, and 20 bucks, not bad.
So I definitely would recommend Bomberman DS for anybody looking for just a quick puzzle,
or you got a lot of friends with DS's looking for a new game to play, Bomberman DS is for
you.
wise I had my birthday on the 26th I know I don't want to talk about my age
but some of my friends got together and bought me a PSP which was very cool so I
have PSP now and of course the very first thing I did with it because yeah I
don't know if you guys were listening to this show like I don't know a couple
months ago but I actually picked up a copy of luminous before I had a PSP and
I just let my friend borrow it cuz I'm like you can't get a PSP and not get
luminous I will buy it for when I get a PSP well he still has my copy of luminous
Unfortunately, so I have nothing to play on my PSP right now. So the very first thing I do in my PSP
I've fired up the homebrew page
On the internet and I downloaded some Nintendo emulator and some ROMs Dan's been going crazy with that. We've got awesome
We've got a gigabyte memory card. It's awesome
So yeah, he's got something like 50 ROMs on it
It kind of works out for Sony in the long run too because you know
Nintendo has been selling some of these games for $20 a pop and now people can play them for free on their PSP
Although it's one of those things that nobody's supposed to talk about, but yeah
You can't this kind of thing has to be a selling point for the PSP
Yeah for some people for me. It definitely sells it so Loki. I'll let you start tonight
I know you probably I I kind of spoiled it there. We've got the no swap
trick there now for the
Emulators, but what else is new in the hack and crack scene well that that was pretty much the news this week was that the new
exploit was released on Wednesday I believe and it's basically not very
different from the last exploit you basically have two folders on one memory
card except one of them has a percent sign at the end of it and you basically
have your two sets of eboot files and it just runs off your memory card now no
need to swap just go. What an easy fix that'll be for Sony though so careful
when you play Grand Theft Auto because you know they're gonna load it on there
sooner than that actually really first game in July coded arms is gonna be one
that's gonna force it up to one five two however why are coded arms only gonna be
one five no one five two that's the Japanese one
five two and guess what folks but they're working on one five one one five
two already and it's gonna be a matter of time before that's not even an issue
It's gonna be like Trillion and AOL like every time AOL patches their server
So Trillion can't use it anymore within two days Trillion has a workaround. It's just gonna be the same thing. It's great. And
So yeah, that that's it's been the major news. Actually, it's been some cool homebrew games coming out, you know
Some blackjack casino stuff that's kind of neat
actually another thing that was
pretty interesting was
the Game Boy Advance Simulator actually for the Game Boy Advance Simulator
PSP PSP interesting how's it full-speed I'm runs pretty good
I'm the only thing it does it's limited to I'm files that are
under 8 megs it all right the ROMs have to be under the Nintendo one's not
perfect the Nintendo one I notice wouldn't play life force was one
favorite Nintendo games
and one play a gyrus so it's is not the other games that I won't play
the well the two I feel you actually find Guardian legend though
to test it. I have it. Yeah, you have to check also
what was I gonna say? The fantasy zone. Just like
you have to watch the
ROM dumps. Sometimes some of them are bad and you can get a new dump and that's
works fine. It's just, you know, you just have to watch. Actually, Dan tried the
Game Boy Advance one and it ran Fire Emblem like crap.
He said it ran it so slow that it was a torture to play it.
She didn't bother with it.
You know now that we're seeing that the things get this advanced you gotta go
well you know if Sony is gonna try and screw with people so that they're gonna
their firmware is gonna be forced to upgrade
you really can't blame them because this could be this could get ugly
if this gets big. But technically it's money out of their pockets.
It's gonna get ugly if this stuff gets too mainstream. The other thing I was gonna mention is
a game coming out later on this year, this summer, Burnout Legends. One of the unique
things about it is it will be able to share a demo level with other people via download
play type thing. So that's kind of a first also for the PSP, which is kind of neat. And
I know that's already been built into it and you'll be able to download games or whatnot,
hopefully to your memory stick. So that will be coming out with Burnout Legends and then
also really there's some good games coming out I know Midnight Club 3 just
got released so that's gonna be coming out you know next week so you can pick
that up and then you know a bunch of cool stuff coming out MIDI evil they're
working on so it's a good summer for PSP.
Alright cool. One quick question I just want to pose to you guys and those of you
that are listening at home as well I'm kind of curious with the news about the
Nintendo emulation and everything usually people say emulation is not a
a bad thing because you're only playing things that you can't buy in the store
anymore and that's kind of that's like the justification you've seen this is
this Nintendo emulation ethical considering that Nintendo is still
trying to profit off some of these old titles through their GBA classic series
what do you think from a support standpoint you know it is not ethical I
believe because technically all right so they're like example they're we
releasing Zelda you know that's out but say that you have an emulator to play it
that is however much say $35 that Nintendo is not going to get now say
that this is you times about a hundred other people that's $3500 that
Nintendo's not getting that means that any future game that comes out it's
going to jack the price because they have to make up for loss of sales on
that you know I know that they figure this in though when they set price points
But the thing is is that the price is going to keep going up the more that this goes on
Counterpoint counterpoint is they shouldn't be trying to resell fucking the first game of Zelda in the first place
I'm not gonna pay $20 for a game. That's been out for years now
Why should I have to buy some stupid game to run on the Gameboy Advance?
I'm gonna run a damn emulator and play it for free and
That's my take on even their other stuff with the new revolution big whoopity-doo. There's new graphics
Well, yeah, and then this kind of leads into one story
You know what? I would rather play every release on my Gameboy Advance than play an emulator
Because you technically I could just plug in my Nintendo and play it all I want to it's kind of like if I'm hearing you
Right. It's kind of like downloading mp3s from the internet and buying them off iTunes when you buy something iTunes, you know
I don't support iTunes. Well, okay or another service a comparable service when you use one of these
services you know you're going to get the highest quality yeah file yeah as
opposed to when you try to use lime wire so you're gonna get fake files crappy
sounding ones people trying to mess with you and stuff is that kind of how it is
with ROMs versus I'll pay for quality I'll pay for quality one thing that I do
support ROMs for is for games that have been heavily edited and games that are
just not coming out over here then I will run a translation patch on him and
like translated like second century yeah okay like the the first Fire Emblem on
the Game Boy Advance they never brought that the one with Roy and Marth never
brought that out over here my thought is you know I owned the Zelda cartridge
back in the day so I feel justified in emulating you know granted maybe I'm
playing some other things I didn't necessarily own but I don't know I still
feel like you know I'm buying enough of their new stuff and usually if they if
they bring out Zelda redone or I'm trying to think of some of the some of
the other games that they've done like redone recently I mean maybe Metroid
Zero but that's a little loose because it wasn't exactly first game I buy that
stuff right up but if you think about you asked if it is ethical no it is not
ethical is it logical yes it is okay but I don't know nobody's perfect
Your thoughts at home welcomed togo at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email togo at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
I think it's ethical because they're not putting Nintendo games in the new
Animal Crossing DS. It's damn ethical.
No, that's not ethical. That's the difference between ethics and logic. You are going from a
logical standpoint and not an ethical standpoint.
And trust me, I took three semesters of philosophy so I should know this.
Martha Stewart went to jail over this stuff. I'm just kidding, alright.
It is not ethical. Let's move on. Let's move on
All right, your thoughts again to go at orange launch radio comm to be continued maybe
Zelda Zelda DS, huh, or we will publicly break you over here
Zelda DS they are working on one and in an interview with Wired magazine
The Legend of Zelda producer says that the Nintendo DS version of Zelda will be primarily controlled via the touchscreen and stylus
to which I say
sigh exactly now I'm I can't judge till I see it because you know Castlevania DS
has the stylus thing but it's it's tasteful it's it's limited it's not
overboard with it it makes sense so I'm I'm hoping that one word okay what
her own just I don't know I I'm a little scared I have to see more on this but
news does kinda make me go, do they have to whore this out in every game?
Well you know they did build it into the system for a reason.
I'm just, but, but it's, but isn't one of the other selling points supposed to be two-screen?
That's like saying god damn those Nintendo games and using the god damn A button.
Why does every game have to use the A button?
It's there for a reason, they use it.
Think about classic Zelda, you would never have to hit the menu button again because
you could always have your menu on the top screen.
That's all you need.
And that's being innovative with the DS.
that's right they called it the DS not the s at the first stylus or the TV TM
touch me I don't know TM FM TMI you know we were talking about movies last week
we're talking about all the movie games that are coming out and by the way we
got a correction the the postal thing that's gonna be directed by ue Bowl not
really gonna be directed by ue Bowl it's or it's rumor still no confirmation oh
We kind of ran it last week. Like it was confirmed. It is not so, you know, sorry. He's directing mistakes
He is directing the rated-r version of Tetris the movie. Stop it. He is doing Dungeon Siege though. That is that is
true and now
We've got another game that's going to be made into a movie
We kind of knew about this one for a while American McGee's version of Alice, you know, like Alice in Wonderland
You could say it's Tim Burton meets Tarantino meets just a big bag of crack, basically
That's how you could describe Alice. I guess I don't know and you have to have like a really happy computer who run it a
Few years when if game first came out. Yeah now it's in most computers could probably handle it
Well, they're making a movie out of it and they have casted Sarah Michelle Geller the one you know
What woman needs to eat something?
Cuz in the grudge, she was like bone thin. Mm-hmm, and she was really in good shape when she was on Buffy
mm-hmm you know cuz she consistently had to exercise for the role and to eat
directed by Marcus Nispel who did the recent remake of the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre I'm thinking maybe being pregnant will help her look better you
know less anorexic they really need to put like Natalie poor I would not the
first rumors I heard were that Natalie Portman would be in it and right now
after you'd be better after seeing closer now we portman's just being
everything I think not only portman's hot and she she could at least be more
gothy than you know Sarah Michelle Geller was Buffy you guys oh well in
that case let me just stop all the press let's put her in every movie because you
know she was Buffy oh no when she was on Buffy she looks healthy I cannot stand
seeing Sarah Michelle Geller the way she looks now except that I'm hoping being
pregnant will encourage her to eat food and not look like a starved little crow
because she looks like she's freaking anorexic and she's no longer pretty all
right well this seems like a very good segue into letting dark Sakura give you
a little piece of her mind because you know what if we played video games all
day long we'd have no time to go eat at hometown buffet honestly damn straight
so we have we're gonna bring you some advice brought to you by the one and
only dark Sakura because you know she's just she's that cuz I said so she's the
happy furry bunny of our show. I'm not furry, I shaved my legs. Okay dark sagra, so what
are you going to be talking to us about tonight? Speaking of babies, today's advice column
is how to deliver a baby. Like, in the postage mail? Like if you're at Walmart. Hey, that
Hey!
My water broke!
That was a Natalie Portman roll, remember that?
Sadly enough it was.
Number one, time the uterine contraction.
For first time mothers when contractions are about 3-5 minutes apart and last 40-90 seconds
and increase in strength and frequency for at least an hour, the labor is most likely
real and not false.
I just want to point out, all you 13-21 year old guys, which is the primary demographic
listening to the show keep that in mind
time your uterine contractions it's not
trying to eat you dear shut up have
clean dry towels a clean shirt or
something similar on hand number two as
the baby moves out of the womb its head
the biggest part of its body will open
the cervix so the rest of it can pass
through three when the baby is out of
the mother dry it off and keep it warm
God, I'm having flashbacks to the miracle of life.
Shut up! Shut up!
If necessary, clear any fluid out of the baby's mouth with your fingers.
4. Tie off the umbilical cord.
Take a piece of string, a shoelace works as well, and tie off the cord several inches from the baby.
Do not cut the umbilical cord.
5. Get to a hospital.
But my ultimate piece of advice in regards to that?
Yes.
Freakin' have your midwife follow you everywhere you go.
And don't go to Walmart!
number six get it to the black market ASAP because the value of babies goes
down dramatically
right in the just stop just up alright
alright horrible person moving on actually I was going around passing this
around all my co-workers at work it was great
like half of them are pregnant let's let's continue on with the baby theme
but this is kind of a
this is just sick I really don't know how else to explain this but
I this is one of those things is going around on email
which kind of makes me question if it's even legit or not but you know it's
running on a lot of the big gaming website so I'm thinking that's got to be
legit but in Korea there's stories announced out there that there was a
mother and father who went to an internet cafe and they were playing
World of Warcraft and when they returned home they found their four-month-old
daughter who dead basically because they left the daughter alone of course the
couple has been booked on criminal charges the couple's defense by the way
we were thinking of playing for just an hour or two and returning home like
usual but the game took longer that day so they've done this before the infant
was the couple's only child thank God when I shot themselves in the ass for
that what's I deserve it no baby deserves it the baby the baby doesn't
deserve it but the parent sure as hell do I just uh it's just they were like
I'd give my first born to make level 57 tonight see you can dress those cards
and letters to Loki I don't know it's sadly enough the story doesn't surprise
me because there's idiots in the world yeah in in in the United States in
Bolivia everywhere now there needs to be a standardized test before they let you breed if that was in the United States
It'd be the baby was dead in the car because they have the windows rolled up along with their dog
No comment from blizzard on that by the way, but
It's not their fault there you can bet somebody would there will be a parent's council out there in the world
Can I say that World of Warcraft causes babies to die?
Tell me there won't be this Parents Council for Freedom of Ameri- whatever, somewhere
that will say, World of Warcraft kills babies!
World of Warcraft!
I almost said World of Warcraft.
I honestly, I haven't spent serious time with World of Warcraft.
I can't judge it one way or the other, but Final Fantasy XI won't kill your babies.
It probably did kill some of these dogs somewhere.
You can play in windowed mode.
me there will not be somebody some parents counsel say World of Warcraft
kills babies and should be taken off store shelves it's poisoning our youth
dot dot dot I'm surprised people that you know never mind not gonna go there
yeah good idea how many babies died on EverQuest let's talk about something
when it leaves EverQuest can have babies let's talk about let's talk about Neopets
Ah! Mine are dead! Everybody loves Neopets, right?
I checked on mine and they're dead. Do your Neopets die now?
I couldn't get to my pets. I had a Neopet like five years ago, I think.
And now Iguana Girl has your Neopet. And I think it's dead now.
She adopted my Neopet like years ago. You had a Neopet once, right?
I had four Neopets. And they're all dead.
What did you do? Did you leave them alone while you went to play World of Warcraft?
I don't know. I just got bored with them because I couldn't access it from work anymore.
it from work anymore is it just me or did Neopets like slowly go downhill
over the years and you know since they got a video game and a trade in a
collectible card game and then you know I I remember walking by Claire's one day
I didn't go in there but I walked by it one day and there were selling Neopets
stuff and I'm just like I'm glad I plan is limited to me they're all the same
one of those girly store what stupid spoiled whores whatever those two
remember pogs yeah you remember Neopets no yeah see we pogs and Neopets
are in the same family here it is Neopets may not be as far away as you
think because MTV bought Neopets that's right MTV networks home of music
television haha but Neopets so that means that Neopets is gonna start
sucking even more or it will be something else maybe they can bring a
Neopets show to MTV so they can continue to not play music just a thought I
Already hate MTV
Do you want to get into why it's only except that they gave me a really really neat gorillas commercials, but apart from that
There's a lot. There's a lot of good things that have come from MTV remote control. Yeah, this is not on anymore
They're all from the 80 Adam Curry who is
The godfather of podcasting so we love you Adam Curry. Yeah
Just saying, not everything from MTV is bad, just everything in the past 10, 15 years.
I'm talking about currently, MTV is just degraded into this big festering pile of dog poopy.
Tell us how you really feel.
Okay, even more than being a big festering pile of dog poopy, they don't play music anymore.
The music they do play sucks, unless it's Gorillaz or Blur or Superfur animals.
They don't play Blur anymore.
They used to.
Well, not here in America.
Like, one song.
I know.
Anyway, moving on, moving on.
another network Kids WB Kids WB will be getting 26 episodes of Viewtiful Joe
which will be coming onto the network in the fall two new Viewtiful Joe games are
on their way out by the way so honestly does this surprise anyone that has been
made in a cartoon so I don't stay up on the the animes so correct me it is an
anime it has been out for some time I downloaded the first couple episodes of
this like last year and it's on crack and kids WB is going to butcher it and
it would no longer retain its coolness now now now kids WB didn't butcher
Pokemon yeah yeah they did yeah they did yeah they did all right that's right I
used to watch Japanese and they and then you didn't see what they did I know I
can't believe kids WB took out all the strobing that was in that show and it
took out the boob scene the part where um I'm cold you know what was he in the
u.s. would not remember James yeah he was doing some modeling thing trying to
pretend trying to pass off as a woman so they could get another Pokemon and had
inflatable boobs and they took that episode out you know any of our
listeners that did get that reference are probably embarrassed to admit they
did and then they butchered Digimon cuz Digimon was cool are there any TV
networks you do like I like sci-fi they play Stargate and the food network for
Iron Chef well I don't have and I like court TV and the history channel and
biography alright so okay sorry I don't have a news story on any of those
channels but I do have a news story about g4 television for gamers yay g
like g4 for you has their nominees coming out for I'm sorry g4 has their
nominees coming out for G4ia which is going to be taking place live August no
I'm sorry it's July 27th but will be shown on August 9th so it's not really
live it's one of those tape delay things but whatever they're doing things a
little differently this year industry experts select the nominees the gamers
get to vote on them I guess it's probably through their website or
something so yeah so we get more low is it hmm we want to hear what some of the
industry experts picked when you hear some categories now I'm sure I'm sure
G4's website what are they G4TV.com I'm sure they have the big list of all the
games but we've got some of them I wanted to just share some of these
jazz jackrabbit best innovation Donkey Kong jungle beat feel the magic XY
xx katamari damashi full spectrum warrior and psi ops the mind gate
conspiracy okay okay this I ops is a good game why would feel the magic get a
a nomination because it's a ripoff of WarioWare and luminous doesn't
I don't but I don't know okay best original soundtrack
Katamari Damacy fable World of Warcraft
Halo 2 God of War now
granted all those games actually had really good soundtracks I can't I can't
argue with that especially Katamari Damacy
especially that one but for the types of games they were actually really enjoyed
fable soundtrack as well
there's another category for licensed soundtrack which luminous was in but
gonna win you know huh
halo's gonna win because everyone votes halo no matter what they could be like
best breakfast cereal halo can be a nominee up against Froot Loops or
something like that they'll be halo that's not cereal right Nintendo
breakfast system best original game psyops the mindgate conspiracy full
spectrum warrior god of war katamari damashi and psychonauts god of war or
katamari katamari here it is game of the year
half-life 2
halo 2
world of warcraft
god of war
resident evil 4
grand theft auto san andreas who that's a toughie katamari damashi should be in
there
and maybe no no i disagree with
the entire list
the production values though for god of war you can't really
considering
the audience in mind and the gaming public as a general, we play a certain
niche of games. Taking the gaming public as a general,
I guess,
this list doesn't surprise me at all. This honestly seems like a
fair representation. I bet these experts were like the lunchtime poll in Heathers.
If the world was going to explode tomorrow and you had six million dollars today,
what would you do with it?
I'd go buy me Halo 2.
would have liked to have seen like a little like a niche title a black horse
candidate if you will like Katamari Damacy or luminous or something but
didn't happen what can you say so check that out if you want to it's over on g4
guitar hero that's the new game coming out harmonics is teaming up with red
octane it looks like a cross between karaoke revolution guitar freaks some
songs some songs have been announced and you know how they kind of did like cover
songs in karaoke revolution well it's gonna be the same deal they're gonna do
cover songs and guitar hero but the covers and karaoke revolution weren't
bad I've definitely heard worse they weren't bad so this should be
interesting the guitar hero here's some of the songs are gonna be in it red hot
chili peppers with higher ground Boston more than a feelin mega death symphony
of destruction Donna's take it off Jimi Hendrix Spanish castle magic ZZ top
sharp-dressed man Black Sabbath Iron Man white zombie Thunder kiss 65 Queen of
the stone age no one knows David Bowie Ziggy Stardust dated France Ferdinand
take me out deep purple smoke on the water cream crossroads some 41 you had
me at David Bowie I love Ziggy Stardust very I kind of like the direction
they're going with this because it got a lot of like classic guitar blended with
the newer bands that are known for guitars style of play that makes me
think of that Johnny whatever on the gizmondo a little bit know what I love
and they should have put it in there. It's aerodynamical.
Well this is just partial. It's just partial. Daft Punk.
That has one hell of a guitar solo in it. We'll see.
Somebody brought this up a little earlier in the show but I just want to clarify the
Revolution, Nintendo Revolution,
there was a report over on Joystick.com, that's with a Q.
Joystick.com is reporting that they will be getting a graphical
upgrade. Remember how
And they announced we months ago that Nintendo and Super Nintendo titles all the way up through 64 titles
Will be downloadable through the revolution. They're gonna get a graphical upgrade of some sort is now what they're saying now
If it's gonna be new sprites
like they did like think Mario all-stars got new sprites or if it's gonna be more like
Emulation and you look at emulators and how like if you play I don't know say like eat Kid Icarus or something
it's smooth you know what keeps popping through my head in the Satellaview hmm
which was we didn't get it over here but it was like a download system where you
could you can actually download the ROMs for it now the upgraded Zelda for
Satellaview there were a bunch of different games but they were all
downloadable you could play them for a time limit and then okay okay now I
can't see them going back and reskinning all their old games so I don't think
it's that although maybe for some of them it will be because like we were
saying earlier in the show why would you pay to download this stuff when you can
emulate it for free well maybe that's a big incentive you know to play Kid
Icarus with like really nice you know Super Nintendo or even better graphics
I'd pay for that I really would I would I just want a freaking sequel to that
game that's all is that too much to ask I had to be asked what the code was for
Kid Icarus by the way Icarus fights Medusa angels can't you also do Medusa
fights Icarus angels and it's like a different I thought you could I'll try
I haven't think you can flip it and you get something else. It's been a it's been a while
I don't I don't cheat on games terror danger horror exclamation point. That was the other one
This story I think is very interesting
You know how you can buy things on MMOs like with real money and eBay and saying it's kind of controversial
Does it ruin the game doesn't not that it?
Well, there is a report and I actually picked this up off a slashdot earlier this week
they're running a story about game pal and game pal what it does is it allows
you to rent a character in an online world so I think it might be a play on
the term game fly because you know how like that's a rental service well game
pal for just a $300 deposit and for $150 for the first month and 130 for each
month after that you can have your choice of up to 50 accounts one of 50
accounts for 14 popular MMOs, Star Wars Galaxies, Ultima Online, EverQuest, City of
Heroes, but the trick is is that when you're renting these characters you're
renting God characters you're renting the highest they go so you know maximum
level all the good gear what do you think? Is this a practical idea or is it a
big joke? Pisses me off like for example on Ragnarok I put in what two and a half
years into my character to get her to level 70 something and then it would
just piss me off to see someone come in with a level 100 character right off the
bat it's ridiculous it's interesting because they're renting these characters
not selling them they're renting them and they should charge even more the
prices are a little weird they should Jack those prices even more make him
pay for that privilege Loki I know you've openly admitted to you don't care
buy your money online I think it's stupid really kind of money for that
an idiot would honestly you know for that kind of money you could be buying a
lot of you know online currency and you know get your character maxed anyways
hell I'd be almost tempted to see you know what that deposit was for in the
first place otherwise it just rent a god character and accidentally send all my
stuff to someone else you know and money you could actually buy groceries for two
weeks you can use that as a car payment feature
you get a babysitter for your baby when you go out to you know you know god
damn it people live in the real fucking world okay games are fine every now and
again but keep in mind that your money you know you should use it responsibly
or else you're gonna end up like one of those losers whose baby died you'll be a
loser not a winner but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't play your games at
all another World of Warcraft story I have for you guys they're getting an
expansion pack and that's pretty much all I have to say there's really
a whole lot of news besides that they announced that they're making an expansion pack that's
kind of the done news of the week you know wow over two million people you're a dork
over two million people on this mmo you think we might do an expansion or 12 yeah i'll stick
with pso thank you until right mark 2 comes out i'm still curious about wow i i'm i'm just i'm
taking a break from mmo's in general right now i'm kind of burnt on them but i think when i
I come back, I will check out well. I still think you should play PSO with me. I'm on
a break. I'm on a break. I will pay for you a month to play PSO with me. We'll see.
I need people to play with. I can't say anything against free stuff, we'll see. Alright, one
last story for you guys tonight. You know Happy Tree Friends? Yeah, these were the shorts
they used to show at Spike and Mike, Sick and Twisted, where they had these cute, lovable
furry animals and they kill each other senseless. They gouge out eyeballs and all this stuff.
So what more would be perfect for Happy Tree Friends than for them to get their own video
game?
It's happening.
Brad Young, chief executive of Flashman Studios, says it's an almost perfect brand for video
games.
The simple, cute, and hugely appealing graphical style combined with a very dark, clever humor
and the cartoon violence provides a wonderful opportunity for the video games market to
tap into a huge global fan base.
Might I add, I hope this turns out better than Clay Fighters.
That's all.
clay fighters it was all about Helga I thought clay fight a blob it was one of
those one one trick games no it was all about who was this mr. frosty did I love
clay fight because I had Street Fighter 2 which was much better today and I had
play fight it was all about c2 Loki you're awfully quiet but you you were
the first one to show me a DVD full of these things and some of these I
actually cringed at some of these cartoons it takes a lot to gross me out
but some of these are nasty it's just building off the popularity of conquered
live and reloaded it's really all that I seem to recall that g4 was running these
in some capacity yeah they're on their attack of the show show that's on their
network and it's kind of like oh look at us we're hip and yeah they do like they
show like popular clips from the weapons and it doesn't surprise me so it's just
it's just you know thing let's jump on board this now you know what you know
how many years sellout train we would hop on it too how late are they well
while we're at it let's get a strong bad game you know hey that'd be fun now that
would be fine I'm surprised that hasn't happened already and imagine if you had
like the whole strong bad RPG hey what do you think's the first website it's
gonna become a movie first website style one oh first website to become a yeah
first website as long as it's not tough girl or goat it's dark Sakura calm which
is like what I know I just I thought you actually had an answer funny enough I
looked up dark Sakura in Google Images to see what I could find and the third
picture with Shermy my cat I'm afraid to google my name like that all right so if
anyone wants to know what my cat looks like dark soccer all one word under
Google image search there you go all right it's gonna do it for another
podcast thank you guys for downloading us subscribing we really appreciate you
guys to support final thoughts from those of us in studio Loki that was
funny is this morning there was actually a 4.8 earthquake going on while I was
playing destroy all humans and so so I was sitting there you know playing my
game and all sudden I feel the ground under me roll I'm like damn this is a
realistic game the the earthquake happened while my roommate was playing
DDR and he's a stomper so I just thought it was DDR no I didn't feel anything no
I was upstairs though it's 4.8 earthquake it was in like around Tahoe
our international audience could care less about some little quick. The first
earthquake I ever felt though was in Alabama. A tremor off the coast. Not a state known for their
earthquakes. It was a tremor off coast. Alright, your final thought DarkSakura. My
final thought, reject boss icons because I said so. And my final thought is I want
candy so I'm gonna go get it. I want candy. Thank you guys very much. Have a great week. We'll see
See you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition.
