Orange lounge radio to go edition week of June 20th, 2005
You're tuned into the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast
Hope for all the latest video game news and gamer chat now. Here are your hosts dark. Sakura sky and low
Hello everybody and welcome to another edition of orange lounge radio to go
video game radio dedicated to games that don't suck although you know once in a
while we got to talk about some games that suck and tonight towards the end of
the program we're gonna talk about movies that are going to suck I assure
you my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as sky joining me as always my
awesome co-host dark Sakura Jamie Summers dust dust dust dirt and cat poo
how very random what's on your mind I've been moving and changing cat litter fun
Oh my life is a never-ending swirl of dust. I feel like I'm in Kansas
I thought maybe you were finding cat poo in very hideous places
That would be a cat who would be in a lot of trouble. All right
I'll start joining us the one and only infamous Loki. I'll take the contents of my wallet for 500 Alex
No, all right anyways
How you doing? I'm hungry. I mean I haven't eaten since 2 p.m.
and it's now like what seven hours later well you could have some damn I don't
want any damn damn by the way is the candy I got at IKEA that looks like
Heath bars it's kind of been a running gag all night long on our three hour
program that we do on Sunday nights via orange launch radio.com they would know
that if they were listening so I've been I've been you know passing my time by
you know grading sedans grading sedans grading sedans how so like cheese oh I
I know what you're talking about because I great SUVs the one and only warioware twisted. I just have nerves that get graded. I
Also found that there's one game in there. That's completely easy to play and you can get like infinite levels on
Because it requires you to do nothing
It's awesome
Anyways
All right, well, let's get to the games that you've been playing this week because we always do this every week
Just kind of give you a pulse on what real gamers at least I think that's what we were considered are up to so let's
Start with Dark Sakura. What do you blame mind games with my fiancee? I mean
That's just required part of being engaged to a guy. I haven't really had a lot of time to play any games
Except I did play some PSO this week. I had forgotten I did play some PSO. Well, I thought blue burst beta closed
Are you talking about Xbox paying? Oh
Oh, it's a bloopers. There was no I thought there was gonna be a gap between oh it went live. Hey cool
So I've had paid on Monday and played on Wednesday his bloopers gonna be sold over the counter over the counter
I think download it's only download think it's only download. That's kind of interesting
Different way of marketing I guess. Oh, yeah, and it's only like nine dollars a month. So it's really cheap
That's how puzzle pirates started to though is only download. So
Interesting, excuse me. That's all right. Sometimes that real life stuff gets in the way
um
Dan's been playing a lot of initial D ever since I got my car
For those who don't know I have a 2002 Mitsubishi Lancer OZ rally now
He's talking about getting an evolution. So he's been going crazy on initial D on ps2
making
Evolutions he's playing an evo 7 right now. So I can imagine you are probably sick of eurobeat at this point
I can you're a beat and he comes in my car and drives it and makes me listen to eurobeat
I'm like no no no he doesn't realize he does realize that your Lancer is not initial D, right?
He got challenged to a race though. I got challenged to a race. I'm like turn
My mic I have a 2.0. There's no way
Alright, Loki would have smoked the little piece of crap civic hybrid that was challenging me
Why why do people do that seriously get a life?
Loki, what have you been up to game wise?
The reason why they do that is because they see movies like Too Fast Too Furious and Fast and the Furious and the Insert Racing movie here.
That's because they're stupid.
Anyways, I've been playing Wario War Twisted today.
I'm trying to unlock all the wonderful goodies there and there's tons to unlock.
to unlock. So I just keep playing. And then also I've been playing Grand Theft Auto San Andreas for the PC. And the graphics are much better in that. And plus all the mods you can do to it are a lot of fun.
So I've been passing my time. But the controls, the only thing that pisses me off is the camera doesn't change with you when you turn in the PC version. So you have to adjust the camera with the mouse at the same time.
time it's not very convenient for me so I need to find a way to get it to move
the camera with it or something so I can actually play the game other than that
Did you try the special mod? I haven't gotten to that yeah I tried to take her out on a date
and she wanted to um you know do a drive-by because that's what you do on
dates in Los Santos I guess and so I did some I thought that sex mod was a load
of crap. No. No. No. Oh. I showed you the stuff from that one. I thought it was shown
to be a photoshop or something. No. It was real. I have video. I have video of it. It's
not a photoshop. Weird. Alright. Alright. Well, in other news also. It doesn't surprise
me, sadly. In other news, that mod, they've made it for the Playstation 2 and Xbox versions
of the game. You can get patches for it. Anyways. People will see their boobies no matter what
it takes well huh I guess people want boobies that's what it takes anyways um
so yeah I've been playing that today I what did I do in the game today today I
had an army of I put in the slut magnet code and that is the literal thing what
happens is it's basically like a theme you have an army of sluts carrying
dildos and vibrators and they are chasing after you meanwhile you are in a
gimp outfit with a dildo and yeah I was killing people with the dildo oh and I
went through and I adjusted the damage rates for each weapon stuff so my
spray-paint was like is like pure anthrax or something because it was
instant death for everything that you know basically touched it it was a lot
of fun yeah and we wonder why parents complain about these games I whatever
yeah the finish how that date went my car ended up getting shot up and then
exploded and then that was the end of that dance that's that's a nice story
they could only be told in Grand Theft Auto anything else I believe that's all
the games I played this week oh no I actually did try playing some of the
emulators. I played a little bit Doom on my PSP. Well you gotta tell us about this
a little bit, the PSP stuff. That was big news this week. Real quick, I'll tell you
about mine, because I actually didn't get a chance to play a whole lot of new
games. I've still been playing WarioWare Twisted. I only really touched the
surface of it. Now I'm really into the game. I'm just trying to unlock more
souvenirs. I gotta say, WarioWare graphics, typically what you're used to in WarioWare.
Sound is, you know, again what you'd be used to. Bleeps and bloops, nothing too
exciting except there are records that you can unlock which is kind of cool
because you can unlock like the old Kid Icarus theme as a record and by the way
a big F you to Nintendo because the little caption that shows up when you
unlock the Kid Icarus record is it says this is the closest thing to a sequel
you're gonna get hahaha and I'm like past hurts you need to do a Kid Icarus
sequel but you can get records then you can scratch it using like the twist you
know because the whole concept of Oriortress is that you move the thing
around so it's kind of cool so it's a lot of fun I I'm surprised warrior wear
twisted looked kind of dumb to me and I was not a big fan of the twist idea but
just goes to show you got to actually sit down and play the game because I'm
having a lot of fun with it I actually really like the twist concept it's a lot
of fun so I'm having fun with the game I definitely recommend it I want to pet
the kitty I that was the coolest unlock that you have Loki I don't have this one
yet but the mute roid or whatever with the cat with a gun that rolls around on
its back and shoots things. No, I don't want to do the pet, the kitty. They have a lot of...
Well, that was cute, but I want to shoot things with the kitty. We need Nintendcats.
They have some other fun stuff in there, like you can unlock a mini golf,
like a mini golf game, you can unlock a batting practice game,
you can unlock a ton of stuff. I love the mini games that are tucked away in there and I
think that's where Twisted is really
excelling over Touched because the mini games in Touched were kinda
eh, which is too bad because Touched, you know, it's got a...
The stylus thing is such a cool idea.
I'm surprised it wasn't utilized,
but maybe the game was rushed, I don't know.
Who knows, who knows?
All right, Loki, some big game news this week.
I'm gonna let you start off tonight
because that PSP hacking is just,
when I saw one of my friends playing Legend of Zelda
on the PSP, I was just like,
there is something really, really wrong with this picture,
yet so satisfying as somebody who loves retro games.
What happened, what's up?
Basically, like I mentioned last week, the whole rumor that there was going to be a PSP
homebrew on version 1.5 PSPs, well, it apparently was real, so, um, reality, basically the way
it works is it's a swap trick, kind of a throwback to the old PlayStation swap trick, basically
you load, you form, basically you have two memory cards, and one of them, it can be any
memory card size, you know, basically you put a small little file on there in a directory,
And you put that same directory on another memory card.
The second memory card is the one that actually has the program on it.
So you put the first memory card in and you load up the program and while it's loading
you really quickly swap in the one that has the actual program on it and then it runs
the game.
And so far they've gotten tons of stuff for it because all that same week you have Doom
coming out.
They ported the PC version of Doom to the PSP as well as your emulators and this game
called Beats of Rage and just a bunch of homebrew stuff.
So you can actually play Super Nintendo games on it, emulations a little bit slow still
but you know they're working on it.
You can actually use the program to overclock your PSP to what it's supposed to run at,
333MHz.
And you know it's pretty cool Nintendo stuff, I haven't gotten the Nintendo emulator to
work on mine, I gotta try it again, but I mean it looked like it runs games pretty full
speed.
I actually saw it on one of my friend's PSPs and it looked great.
I was impressed.
It was just, wow.
Even though these games we've played to death, there's just something about having that whole
catalog of games opened up, able to play on the go, on a nice looking screen that is just
so neat to me.
I don't know.
It makes me want a PSP even more.
Right now I was kind of like, eh, yeah, I want a PSP, but what do I really want it for?
I want to play Luminous and whatever cool games they release in the future.
But now I'm like, oh wow, with this trick I can play the old Nintendo catalog and who
knows what else.
For now?
Yeah, for now until they, when's this story going to come to an end here?
Well, they've announced already that you can upgrade your system to a version 1.52 over,
you can do a network update, that type of thing.
But who's going to do that because it'll stop you from playing it.
However, in Japan, the same type of thing is happening with the version 1.0 stuff, where they'll upgrade yours to 1.52 by playing certain games, and they'll have a firmware update on the actual game, and they'll force you to update it in order to play that game.
So, it kinda sucks, but there are ways around it still, and people are gonna find ways around that too. I mean, you just watch, so...
It's right now. I just enjoy it while you have it. I mean and avoid those games that'll force it updates
So that's pretty much it. Yeah, okay
Anything else you want to share really quickly what's going on in the hacking and cracking world or anything?
I imagine that's probably the biggest thing. It's got everybody's attention right now. That's the biggest thing right now
they've got um, the heretic wad works with the
Doom thing but the second thing that actually was just released not too long ago. It's probably within the hour
was the PSP personalized version 1.0 and basically what that does is you know how the PSP has the wonderful graphics in the background that changes color with the month?
Well now you can import your own graphics into it using this program.
That's kind of cool.
So that's kind of neat. I mean those people, everyone likes to customize their PSPs so this is another way to do it.
You can make your PSP as ugly as your MySpace page if you want.
Exactly, and so they have that available right now as well as, let's see here, weather stuff they've got coming out.
Someone else is working on a custom boot up screen video, you know how they have the little PSP screen boot up thing?
Well now you'll be able to put your own video in there and that's something that's going to be coming yet again later on.
And also there is more information released about Liberty City Stories, the Grand Theft Auto version that's going to be coming out.
basically just the same stuff we already know there's not going to be aircraft in
it the main character Tony is gonna be voiced by Michael Madsen which is kind
of cool the graphics will be better than Grand Theft Auto 3 new landmarks are
going to be available in Liberty City this time the motorcycles will be in
there as well because you know you can ride motorcycles and story will be as
long as Vice City that's not hacking crack news you snuck that in there just
Yeah, I like that stuff. Anyways, Genesis emulator was released for it, so that's kind of neat.
And other than that, check out PSPhacker.com, it's a good resource for finding all your homebrew stuff as far as all the brand new releases for the emulators and whatnot.
For those of you guys that are going crazy over the PSP news this week.
Yeah, PSPhacker.com and they also have their sister site which is
dshacker.com but obviously not as much news going on over there.
Alright, well let's get to some gaming news what's going on this week.
First off, a story about the Matrix Online. This is a game you played for
what about a week, Loki, or what?
A week, I got tired of it. Well, something may change here soon because Matrix
Online is rumored to be sold to Sony
Online Entertainment. More developments to come, I'm not sure if this was
finalized or what but it's pretty strong rumor here that the matrix online is
being sold over to Sony online entertainment yeah most of monoliths
employees are being laid off and so monolith is getting out of the online
game business that's why it's being sold what do you think good news bad news I
don't care news I'm impartial to it it doesn't really matter
did matrix online because part of the whole play online lineup because all
they have are what two games well I don't necessarily becomes play online
because EverQuest is also Sony and it's not a part of Play Online and if I
remember I Play Online is specifically Half Square as well. That's true. Square
has nothing to do with this. Square doesn't just have Final Fantasy 11, they have Wolfie, Cal and Tetra
Master, but they also have Front Mission Online, their other online game that's
gonna be coming out. And they have a Mahjong game in Japan I believe. Yeah. From what I
remember. Yeah. Dude, I would do Front Mission Online. That would be fun. Coming out for
consoles. So that should just be interesting. You know, Matrix Online, even though we
haven't really played it a whole lot and haven't been able to give you a lot of
perspective. I kind of think it's neat, some of their ideas, that they have the
actual actors playing in the game. It's kind of neat, I guess. It's different. I
can applaud a company that takes different ideas on MMOs and games, so
whatever. That's cool. Let's move on to another story that is just too cool for
words. I'm so excited about this. This website here, a blogger, I should say
pressthebuttons.com is reporting that the Super Mario Brothers Super Show is
is going to be released on DVD.
A complete series of the programs are going to be released on DVD. This would
include all the Mario cartoons
and the Zelda cartoons to be released this October.
This has been done before, but with only some episodes.
Right, it was like a best of. So the best of has happened previously, but I suppose
due to demand or torrents or whatever,
they're gonna release the complete series. I am actually considering buying
this because I have such fond memories of watching this when I was growing up I don't
know I don't know about you guys out there but this show just I remember Friday Zelda
cartoons well excuse me princess it was just cool any thoughts Loki something you'd consider
buying or no I'm trying to find the story there's something that sort of reminded me
of this actually there's some brand new site out there that has all of the old video game
commercials uh-huh I've heard of that site yeah yeah so that was one I thought
mentioned I was watching the Nintendo Entertainment cereal system Nintendo
it's your breakfast commercial is awful and if you watch some of those episodes
of Mario some of them were really awful but the Super Mario World ones are
really good it's Captain Lou it's Mario I know but still it's like they made
sound effects when they walked but I thought that was cute I don't know all
right well are you thinking about buying this you own a ton of DVDs surely you
have to add this one to your collection probably not I've been working on box
sets of stuff I need to finish the samurai troopers set fine fine hate on
Mario Brothers see if I said that I have all the episodes is old on my computer
all right um moving on I just wanted to dress real fast if you guys ever have
any comments or feedback on the show you can always send us an email to go at
orange lounge radio.com is the address and the one only dark soccer likes to
check that box once in a while and well but she's she's warm and friendly and
when she checks that yeah you get the real me not the we've given shot who has
been worn out by the week and has been moving boxes maybe I should check it
this week maybe that's all right that's okay I do it at work anyway all right
let's do a quick follow-up to a story we were talking about a couple weeks ago
Sony is talking about those porno UMDs remember we were talking about a couple
weeks ago they're gonna release pornos on the PSP well out of Tokyo Sony
computer entertainment they are frowning at this whole thing calling this stuff
quote utterly undesirable but we cannot stop software makers from selling such
videos hmm an interesting thing to note software releases for the PSP they have
to go through an approval process before they could be released however the
movies on the UMDs do not have to go through an approval process this is the
loophole that the porno games are going through so it kind of you know what game
company is gonna come out and say great bring on the porn to our system so it's
this is kind of obvious and you know what's gonna happen but any thoughts on
the porno on the PSP they're gonna find a way anyway if it's not via UMD they're
gonna put it on their memory stick might as well make a buck off it huh Final
Fantasy 12 big news is coming from Squeenix they're gonna be doing a party
over in Tokyo their summer gaming event it's the Square Enix party 2005 it
happens July 30 and 31 at the Nippon Convention Center and what's gonna
happen is that Nobuo Uematsu will actually be there and he'll be talking
about the game and showing off some new footage they'll also be having some of
the voice actors there as well the music supervisor will be there and they'll
have more new information including some type of surprise you guys think you
might know what any of the surprise any guesses what the big Final Fantasy 12
surprise could be? You're on candid camera? Maybe Final Fantasy 5 is hidden in the
game which was the best of them all I seriously after seeing the footage at e3
the new Final Fantasy 12 trailer because they didn't really show any bits of the
game they only showed the trailer I seriously think it has something to do
with the next-gen system I prize it's cross-gen it's ps3 and ps2 I or I think
maybe with the father is 11 it could be Xbox 360 now again I'm speculating but I
I you know maybe it was cube maybe it was the ps2 but I I was just like dang
this looks too good to be a system had a tech demo for Final Fantasy 7 oh yeah
oh true true I I that I would that's my initial thought I bet it's something
minor and who cares about it is probably just some in-game tactic or something I
don't know or maybe one of the voice actors it's a really big name or the
theme song or something but Al Pacino will play the main character just
You know what though, keep in mind though, back in the day on the Nintendo 64, they did
all the Final Fantasy 6 characters for a tech demo for the Nintendo 64, and then Square
jumped into bed with Sony.
That's true.
And they've been fucking around ever since.
Well am I wrong?
Well now Microsoft's getting, you know, coming in and wanting to get their hands on it.
And in the background your cheating heart plays on the jukebox.
I don't know, I don't know, that's just some speculation, you know, and for the record
I would love to find a ROM or something of that demo, because I know it exists.
I've got the one for Robotech Crystal Dreams, playable.
Very cool.
We need more Robotech games.
we'll see that's all we can really do here on the show speculator we're just
gamers like the rest of you so I I think that would be kind of a neat news though
if it is cross-gen but I think I I think I'm just crazy talk but if you have a
suggestion send it to us that's okay we're used to it yeah whatever all right
orange lounge radio we're not just here to talk about video games all the time
but we're here to better your life because if we talked about games all the
time and never went outside we'd have no time to take over the world so we are
here to bring you some advice to better your life, and who better to bring it to you than
the one and only, the huggable Dark Sakura with her advice column.
Are you saying I'm cuddly?
Yes I am.
Damn it.
Today's a bit of sage advice is how to treat a broken nose.
Number one, stop the bleeding.
Duh.
Tilt your head back slightly.
Pinch the bridge of your nose closed, the region just below the hard cartilage, not
simply the nostrils.
Hold a tissue underneath your nostrils to catch the blood.
Icky.
2.
Apply a cold pack or ice immediately.
Keep your head tilted back.
Continue to apply ice as needed to keep the swelling down.
3.
If your nose appears broken or crooked, do not attempt to treat it yourself.
The only reason to attempt to relocate the position of the nose is if you are having trouble breathing through your mouth.
If you aren't getting any air, you can attempt to relocate the position of your nose so that you can breathe through it,
but this will be quite painful.
Otherwise leave it to the doctor for sick medical attention immediately, but my final final bit of advice on that one. Yes
Don't go getting into the bar fights pissed on Miller Lite
Some sage advice there. Thank you. You're welcome. I always give good advice. You do you do well once in a while
Just kidding. You know, you never know you're gonna be stuck in Brazil crossing a piranha infested river. Okay, you
You never know.
I know, I was just doing that the other week.
And when was the last time you jumped off the roof of the building?
Okay. See?
Alright, alright.
And you know, I had to stop a runaway camel the other day and I would not have known how to not research it.
Alright. My bad, I'm sorry.
Alright then.
Let's talk about Mega Man Legends.
Now, Loki kind of brought this up briefly last week, but this is hitting the news wire now.
Mega Man Legends 2 is coming to the PSP, and it's shipping on September 8th.
They have an announce date.
Oh, by the way, that's a Japan shipping date, not an American shipping date yet.
Good, why don't they work out in Legends 3 while they're at it?
Because I already finished the first two games, and I want more.
Mega Man Legends is coming out on August 4th for the PSP Breath of Fire 3 on August 25th.
Direct port to their PlayStation originals.
But they will be reformatted to the widescreen thing go figure
So all those games coming out in Japan
Hopefully here, too
We'll find out. I do believe that they also there's also a release date for papacros. I
Haven't been following that. I do believe that they said August
December September and
New as a month difference very cool right there for those of you guys that like the music games, by the way
We have some dates for DDR Extreme 2 and DDR Ultra Mix 3.
DDR Extreme 2 is going to be out September the 28th with Extreme 2 on September the 28th
and Ultra Mix 3, I get so confused, on November the 2nd are those games.
But of course, subject to change as all shipping dates are.
Miyamoto has been talking about Mario 128.
You know that official sequel to Mario 64?
I don't know what the hell Super Mario Sunshine was then, but I guess it wasn't an actual
sequel.
Mario 128 is the actual planned sequel, and he has officially said it ain't happening
on GameCube.
However, they will be doing it on Revolution.
The Mario team can't create too many games at the same time, so they are concentrating
on the Revolution.
Any thoughts on that?
some good stuff. I love Mario 64. I think Mario 64 is slightly overrated in the
halls of video game history, but I think it's a fun game and I will certainly be
all over a sequel. I think it could be good. Dan and I would play that game
together every night for the first few months that I moved out here. What did
you think of the DS one, though? Did you play that at all, or was the magic gone by that
point? I was in school taking a bunch of classes that required a lot of attention,
So, no, I didn't play it.
Tecmo is going to be getting into the PSP world by doing their very first puzzle action
handheld game.
It's actually their first PSP release, I'm sorry, not necessarily their first puzzle
action game, but it's going to be their first PSP release, and it is a puzzle action game,
and it's called Karakuri, roughly translated to gimmicks, and basically it's a puzzle game.
The only reason I really bring this up, it seems like puzzle games are the big craze
right now on the handheld systems is it all because of luminous or what's going
on it's all systems especially the DS all puzzle games it's funny though try
to find a puzzle game mmm that's not on a handheld system that's brand-new
coming out you're not gonna find one at all on the on the consoles yeah
consoles puzzle seem to be big on the handheld now well that's because you
know it's you can play with other people the DS itself lends itself very well
well to the puzzle game genre, especially like with Pac-Pix lately.
Pac-Pix is so unique, I need to pick that up, but you know, I've been playing at E3,
every time I was in a line for something, out came Puyo Puyo.
I'm addicted to Puyo Puyo.
Okay, alright, makes sense.
Ever since the days of Kirby's Avalanche.
It does make sense in the fact that, you know, puzzles are portable and it's easy to just
play for a few seconds and what have you but there's something about having the
puzzles on the console I mean just imagine having something like luminous
on the console could be so pretty I don't know maybe it's just me you can
play on the internet and everything oh alright lastly tonight we just have a
barrage of stories regarding video game movies I mean there's just an utter
barrage of stuff going on first off hitman is gonna be coming to the screen
and Vin Diesel. I believe you actually posted a story on orangeonsradio.com
Vin Diesel is playing hitman. Joy. Should be interesting. Certainly. He's got to do
something with what's left of his career. Resident Evil is gonna be having some
more movies coming out. There will be third and fourth movies. The third movie
by the way is called Resident Evil Afterlife and the movie script was
written by the original director Paul Anderson. However, he is not currently
attached to direct the upcoming film Mila Jovovich though is expected to come
back and reprise her role tentatively 2006 for Resident Evil 3 I haven't seen
the second one but I heard that it kind of went really crazy I heard it wasn't
so hot but I don't really know I don't follow the games enough or I don't I
well yeah I don't follow the games enough for one I mean they're okay I
plan but I'm more into Silent Hill than the first one followed very I think
could have easily fit in with the whole established storyline for the game, but the second one
with bringing in, with changing up Jill and all that I think completely ruined their chances.
It made the movie seem less a part of the franchise.
Hmm.
Yes.
What?
Continue.
You want me to get to this story?
I was gonna talk about this earlier.
Alright.
Dead or Alive is the next movie I wanted to mention.
Dead or Alive is coming to the big screen.
Dead or Alive is being budgeted at $30 million.
It's being directed by Hong Kong action film director
Corey Yuan, who did Romeo Must Die,
which I thought was a very cool movie.
That was a good movie.
Producing the movie Jeremy Bolt,
who of course is also tied to the Resident Evil films.
The movie's script being written by J.F. Lawton,
who did Pretty Woman, of all things,
and Seth Gross, who did Devour,
which is an upcoming movie.
What we should mention.
I do wanna mention this.
Kasumi being played by Devon Aoki who was Miho in Sin City and also for those who may
not have seen Sin City she was also I believe Kiki which was the hot Asian driver that was
in Too Fast Too Furious.
So who's got Hayabusa?
They haven't talked about, actually it's Kane Kosugi who is in Godzilla Final Wars will
will be Ryu Hayabusa.
Ryu.
Ryu, sorry, ooh, Ryu.
That's my bad pronunciation coming in again.
Actually, okay, well we've got,
I was looking earlier at the people playing the different.
Let me name some more here,
because I have a bunch here.
Jamie Presley from Not Another Teen Movie is Tina.
Nastasia Malth from Elektra is Ayan.
Sarah Carter from Final Destination 2 is Helena.
And Australian pop star Holly Valance is Christy.
She was also in National Lampoon's Pledge This.
Professional wrestler Kevin Nash is Bass.
Oh my god.
Well, the thing is, though, is that in the game, though,
he looks like Hulk Hogan.
But that kind of makes sense.
And Brian J. White, who by the way
is also coming up in a film adaptation of Tekken,
is going to be Zach.
I didn't even know they were doing a film adaptation
of Tekken.
They better have somebody hot playing Jean.
Now I gotta look at the Tekken news.
Oh man, all I gotta say is they got one hot Kasp on there.
I need to see this. That's really uh... Kevin Nash is in it.
Dan's gonna flip. Brian J. White playing Bruce, that's all they've got so far.
Interesting. Kevin Nash, wow. He was
diesel back in the w c w d uh... tech it is being directed by charles stone the
third
uh... right written by michael colary and mike wet
were whoever the
all those people are i'm on video game movie overload but i saved the best for
last boys and girls
well let me give you an idea of who are mike where is he would be writing on
laura croft to greater
and face off
and the original that movie
and um... also uh... michael uh...
correa where
did also writing on the uh... laura croft you're here and as face-off as
well so that's kinda neat
uh... director charles and the third
uh... did mister three thousand uh... drumline in painful so
uh... just a few never heard of the area anyway i'd say the best for last
months
is the best
uh... they're making a movie out of the game postal
postal you remember the very controversial game
where uh... let's see what's the tagline
it's uh... i i i don't know i don't know you basically was just kill people in
all the great ways you can
the director who's attached to the postal movie
you evil
i'd just thought that
most
maybe you know what i do they keep giving that man work he's like all he's
doing it
i'm this match up all the movie possible rights possible and make
crap and keep cheering it out over and over. Honestly, people, have they watched these
movies that have been made? Save your dignity. Yeah, but keep in mind half of Hollywood's
on drugs and the other half is being a lawmaker. This movie game, Uwe Boll by the way for those
who may not know, famous for his work on the films Alone in the Dark, House of the Dead,
of the dead and the upcoming blood rain.
Which by the way is pretty cool and has nothing to do with the damn game at all.
In fact the chick in it does not even have the same hair color.
It has nothing to do with the movie.
Much like Alone in the dark had nothing to do with the movie and oh guess what?
House of the dead had nothing to do with the movie.
They were all prequels because guess what you can do whatever the fuck you want and
you know how the movie is going to end.
Dewey Bowl will get to work on this film, the film adaptation of Postal, but he has
one other game he's got to work on first, and that is the film adaptation of Microsoft's
Dungeon Siege, the PC game.
He's also doing Far Cry.
It's the career video game movie maker, boys and girls.
Honestly, you know what, I remember back in the day when I thought Mortal Kombat the movie
kind of sucked, or Mortal Kombat Annihilation.
It's starting to look pretty good right now, isn't it?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Mortal Kombat Annihilation is an hour and a half of my life that I really
want back.
Suddenly that Final Fantasy movie wasn't so bad, was it?
Oh, the Final Fantasy movie was good.
Yeah, but it wasn't Final Fantasy.
It wasn't Final Fantasy.
But as a movie, it was good.
It should have been Alien 5.
Here's what it's got to come up with though, I mean Rob, it's like this, basically you've
got a movie coming out this fall, Doom, starring The Rock or whatever.
This has the potential to be pretty good.
I mean, that and the Halo movie.
What we need is good video game movies to come out.
Honestly, I am so not interested in a Halo movie.
Love the game.
I just, I know that a movie will ruin it.
So I'm not interested in the movie.
Okay, okay, well fine, fine.
Maybe not that, but like Spy Hunter.
Okay, these movies, they'll be okay.
They'll be, they could be good, okay?
Could be.
Could be good.
Could be.
That's a big if.
Okay, assuming Doom is good, okay?
the doom movie is good hopefully people say okay this is what they could be and not let
ui bowl direct anything ever again in fact ui bowls should be i want to put a hit out
on ui bowl no stop this is downloadable by anybody on the internet don't go there they
need to do a movie version of hell and have dennis hopper in it yeah of course you know
land of the dead's coming out and he's in it ui bowl is like the video game version
of M. Night Shyamalan. He was just like,
Hey, don't insult...
M. Night Shyamalan. Don't insult him.
Yeah.
So what if the ending of Signs was crap?
I haven't seen Signs.
The Village was pretty good.
Signs was not crap. The Village was retarded.
I like The Village, you should.
The Village was an intelligent movie.
I like The Village, you should.
It required thought.
Oh, wow. I couldn't figure out what the plot twist was gonna be
about five minutes into the movie.
Suddenly, Orange Lounge Radio has turned into the movie poop shoot.
I see. So I think it's time...
Movie poop shoot to go.
I think it's time to end this episode so we can go beat up Loki how's that sound
I drive over in by the way you know you about that movie the village yes it was
set in modern time and the aliens and signs shut up shut up I haven't seen it
all right we're but that's gonna do it for another episode of orange launch
radio to go thanks for listening have a good night that's the end of another
orange lounge radio to go edition this podcast is a proud part of www.orange
See you next update!
