Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition week of June 6, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
Your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello everybody out there on the entire web.
Welcome to the latest edition of Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
your home for all the news on games that don't suck we're bringing you the stuff
on games you really want to know about my name is Rob Roberts you might know me
as Sky joining me as always my awesome co-host Dark Sakura Jamie Summers in
that corner tonight the role of Dark Sakura will be played by a ferret
lovely and of course the one and only Tech Masa Loki you know I feel like the
guy in inner space because my head hurts it feels like someone's just bouncing
around spaceship inside my brain because that's the only way I can describe
having a headache exactly on Sundays every week but you are still a trooper
and you're doing this show anyway oh yeah appreciate it all right this is for
the week of June 6 2005 just think next year it'll be six six of oh six that's a
pretty scary day if you think about it yeah anyway the day of evil because it
is the man's birthday oh yes your fandom yes everybody knows I am a massive
I'm a new Gorillaz fan and it's Murdoc's birthday.
How's their new album doing?
Pretty well?
Very well, very well.
I went to Dimple, it's number three for their bestsellers.
Good deal.
And I think it was number three on the US charts.
Cool.
For Billboard.
Good stuff, good stuff.
And I like that they have dance-y songs now because I like dare.
Anyway, we'll talk about music some other time because tonight we've got to talk about
games.
First off though, I want to give a big thank you to one of the podcast directors out there.
PodcastShuffle.com because they made us, what, their podcast of the day, week,
their favorite, one of his favorites.
One of the favorite podcasts.
Cool.
That makes me all go squeak.
Cool. Well, we appreciate that.
So check those guys out.
PodcastShuffle.com.
And we really appreciate all your guys' support.
The ferret is so happy that he had a seizure, seriously.
Great. Good to know.
All right.
Let's start off with a little bit of how is your gaming week,
gaming week the type of stuff you've been playing this week
we'll start off with loki tonight loki what kind of games you've been playing this week
i played not too much in the realm of games i played a little bit of ren goku
just
you know killing more stuff on the same level getting more experienced
beat this stupid game because it's just boring it's one of those ones where you're
so far into it now you just have to beat the damn thing right
uh... not really but like it's just not that great it just doesn't get much
harder. I don't know, but the first generation of PSP games just kind of blew. I don't know
why.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Luminous. Hello.
Most of the first generation PSP games blew. Granted, there are some good ones, but there's
really not too much out there. Smart Bomb, for example, sucked. However, my boss gave
me a clean copy of it, so I was able to take it back for free, and I still have Smart Bomb.
So I got all my money back and I got the game for free basically.
So it's nice.
But now I have $90 in credit to GameStop and I have nothing to buy there.
$90?
Yep.
Dang.
And then also I played a little bit of The Simpsons arcade game on my MAME cabinet because
I had to fire that up to show Nellie's parents what that was.
So that was kind of neat.
But now I realize I have to go and fix my MAME cabinet because during the process of
moving it to the new apartment, wires came loose, so I got to rewire some stuff.
So that sucks.
Yikes.
Yeah.
But it's nice to hear you're actually using that cabinet after all the effort you put
in the building.
I use it mainly now just watching movies on my other PC.
We were watching the Star Wars movies that I have borrowed from the internet.
It's a main cabinet.
You don't watch movies on it.
You play games.
Old school games.
It has a TV in there.
We watch TV on it.
But yeah, we do play games on it, and it was fun.
got a kick out of the Simpsons game but you know after a while I just had to turn it off.
But um, a lot of fun.
Alright, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played lots and lots of PSO.
Blue Burst, correct?
Yes, Blue Burst.
I played some Silent Hill 3 and then turned it off because I was kind of bored and I watched
Dan beat Fire Emblem.
Which Fire Emblem?
The new game?
The Sacred Stones.
Oh okay, cool.
Yeah.
The one that just came out, the GameCube one, it's not out yet.
Ah, alright.
but, um, but yeah, I got to see the end of, uh, Fire Emblem. That's, like, all he plays
now is, well, let's put in the Game Boy Advance, play and play, uh, Fire Emblem.
You know, Fire Emblem was one of those games that was popular in Japan for a long time,
but it took a long time to come over here, and now it's-
Well, you know what they're playing today? Hmm?
Busted out the Super Nintendo and popped in the Super Famicom card of Fire Emblem 3.
I saw that when I went over there. I saw that one of your friends was playing, like, a Japanese
game on the Super Nintendo, this is the kind of stuff I only see happen at your house.
Yeah, and of course like upside down next to it was the PS2 and the Dreamcast tucked
into the corner and the Xbox dancing a jig.
Show off.
And I saw Sega Fantasy 5.
What's that?
Well, you know what Sega Fantasy 6 was, right?
It was about the bunch of different gaming systems going up to kick the Xbox's ass Final
Fantasy 6 style.
But I watched Sega Fantasy 5 which was frustrating because the text would move just
fast enough that I would catch words and bits and pieces of Kana and not be able to read the whole thing so I was like
That's cool, I didn't know I didn't know that existed that's kind of funny
Sega fanboys and fangirls are pretty rabid
I'll see about posting link on the orange lounge radio comm life journal forum very nice nice plug
Alright, my gaming week, you know, there's not a whole lot of new stuff out there that
I really wanted to check out.
I wanted to buy a new DS game this week, but really, all that's out right now, I think
the only game that came out was Madagascar, which is a game I might be excited about if
I was seven years old, but I'm not, so I could care less.
Then, Polarium.
I played another game, actually.
Okay, what's that?
Lots and lots of the Pac-Pix demo at GameStop.
Alright.
I thought Meteos was coming out.
Meteos is out June 27th.
It's the day after my birthday and I couldn't be more happier that the DS is getting that.
Sigma Star Saga is coming out, Game Boy Advance, I think, or, yeah, I think that's Game Boy
Advance.
That one's actually supposed to be pretty interesting because it's, imagine, you know,
your typical RPG, but instead of the random battles, it's random side-scroller shooters.
Oh, that's cool.
Huh.
Interesting.
Well, so since I didn't really get anything new, I went back to my collection and I said,
well, what are some games I really didn't play enough of?
So I'm checking out Mario DS, Mario 64 DS, because I really didn't get that far into
it.
I think I got about 30 stars, and then I said, screw it, I got more games to play.
But I really want more minigames right now, because surprisingly enough, the minigames
to me were the best part of Mario DS.
And also, I don't know if it's just me, but Mario 64, and I'm going to get a lot of crap
and hate letters for this, I think Mario 64 is one of the most overrated games ever, because
I see a lot of lists out there.
You know how every website out there has got to have a top 100 list.
And Super Mario 64 is always in the top 3 of the greatest platformers or the greatest
games even.
You know, I have to disagree with you, but I have special memories of Mario 64, because
Dan and I would play Mario 64 together and bond over it.
Well yeah, see, you got special stuff there.
Now add one single word in there, then it makes all the sense in the world.
Mario Kart 64, that was the game.
That was the game.
That game rocks.
Mario 64 for me was nothing but a bunch of like frustrating cameras and I don't know,
I mean it was, it was darn innovative at the time, yeah I gotta give it that, but I just,
I don't know if I would place it so near the top in the great, you know, list of video
game greats, because there's other Mario games I could think of that were better than Mario
64.
And what I also don't get, when people place Mario Sunshine at the bottom, say it was a
horrible, horrible game.
Mario Sunshine was cool!
But yeah, Mario Sunshine to me was not that bad.
I thought it was... It was like Mario 64 with water.
I hate to say it was better than Mario 64, but I was
entertained longer by Mario Sunshine than I was in Mario. And honestly, folks, if you have a
GameCube,
you should go out and buy it. It's only $19.99, probably less now.
And really, as far as new cube games coming out, there isn't a whole lot.
so hello Twilight Princess that's gonna be the one that well
there isn't a whole lot coming out period okay we're kind of in a slow period anyway
honestly there's like
Geist and Killer7 and that's about it
well I'm glad you bring that up because we're gonna get into tonight's news and
starting off with GameCube games getting delayed
and guess what two games got delayed Geist and Killer7
Killer7 is now in July now and Geist is also in July
actually guys say things in August now killer 7 is going to be out July 7
yes 77 hardy-har-har get it make sense
and then guys does also push back as well
I'm August is going to be the release date for guys
I keep up on that stuff yeah well I know the value for your work stuff but
you have to make it sound exciting for a podcast is exciting you do that for me
it is exciting because he there's not them a good GameCube games come out
A little bit of PSP news, Loki, you'll love this one.
PSP is getting some bonafide
actual porn. I read about that, that's awesome.
Not somebody putting the porn on their memory sticks as most PSP users probably
did the first day they got it. UMD porn.
Actual UMD porn coming out in Japan and the
company that's putting this out is Glaze, G-L-A-Y apostrophe Z,
Starting off July 8th, the titles will be anywhere between 1,995 yen
and just under 4,000 yen. That's about 18 to 37 dollars
US. Now I can't... I will
horribly butcher some of these names if I try to pronounce them. However,
I like some of this. On July 22nd, Bi-body
Aeroterrorist Noah. Aeroterrorist, what is that?
I don't know. And let's see. HMP Countdown 2005.
HMP... Like Humping? I don't know. HMP... HUMP COUNTDOWN!
July 8th. Kanishiro Anna.
Koiku Soap Jew. I just like that because it has the word soap in it. So I don't know.
Maybe it's like Bubble Bath Babes, the porn. I don't know.
I can't. Do you really want to read this though?
It doesn't matter. It's all good though. But hey,
that's pretty cool. They should make Jew on the game. But too bad though,
it's going to be price censored because they censored it porn.
Porn in Japan is pixelated. That sucks. Mosaic porn is no fun.
Interesting. What do you think? Is this something that's going to catch on?
Is this something we're going to see in the US? You know, honestly,
probably. You know who I actually see probably
putting stuff out for it and be like Playboy? Something like that.
We did have a story a couple months ago about Playboy.com.
They're ibod crap and honestly you might see some of that stuff.
I think even better is downloadable content because honestly I couldn't see buying.
I just can't see a situation where this would come in handy.
Come in handy.
Get it?
Money.
Yeah, whatever.
I just don't see it being something I'd spend money on.
Again, I don't see myself spending money on UMDs, and here's a kind of story that ties
in there.
I'm not sure if we can cover it, but actually we're talking about the first two UMDs actually
hit 100,000 in sales, 100,000 units sold, and the first two would be House of Flying
Daggers and Resident Evil Apocalypse.
It took them only two months to reach 100,000, whereas the first DVD to reach 100,000, which
which was, I believe, Air Force One to reach 100,000. It took nine months. That's how fast
this stuff is selling.
I would have never guessed UMD, and I know I've said it on this show, and boy did I get
proven wrong. I did not think UMDs would take off.
They're selling. It's crazy. UMDs to me are like DVHS. It seems like such a useless format,
but people are buying this stuff because honestly this is like a replacement for a portable
DVD player. You know what it reminds me of? When did DVD players really take off when
PlayStation 2 came out? So maybe it's kind of similar where people don't want to buy
portable DVD players but they'll buy a PSP which is like a portable DVD player. I don't
know. I can't explain it. Hey, whatever. Yeah, that's cool. Whatever makes you happy. Dark
Sakura, you had a comment? Porn on the PSP? It's going to be really big in Japan. Here
it's not going to fly.
I don't think so.
Yeah, I don't think they're going to do it because age demographic, it's not going to
happen.
We'll see.
Also, a PSP news.
Now, going along with PSP news in Japan, they're saying it's slumping over in Tokyo, actually,
in Japan.
A new story coming out of Tokyo saying that the sales of the PSP are slumping.
From the week of May 23rd to 29th, only four PSP games were in the complete top 50, none
of them cracking the top 20, whereas you look on the other half of it, six Nintendo DS titles
in the top 20, Nintendogs doing huge business over in Japan, and I predict it's going to
do very well over here as well.
Nintendogs is so cute!
It's my favorite thing over at E3.
I love the puppies.
I played Frisbee with the puppies.
Is this a sign of things to come?
Is the DS going to outdo the PSP here in America?
It's America. We want it bigger, faster. It needs to do more shit. It needs Sony because the world sucks the cock of Sony.
There was honestly a big launch of games from the beginning. They had about 20 or so games out for this. Now it's dead as far as what's coming out.
That's what's happening. There's only a couple games. People are tired of the old games and now they're waiting for more stuff. It's in DS syndrome now.
Exactly what I was thinking is PSP is now suffering the same thing DS is I would say
to most extent still suffering through.
Both systems to me are at a dead still.
We don't have any really great games out on the horizon.
Maybe Meteos on the DS of course coming later this month.
That's by the res guy.
Looking at the PSP calendar, Batman Begins is coming out in June, Midnight Club 3 Dub
Edition now that could be very cool also coming out in June.
the only game slated for July, according to the calendar I have here, Star Wars Episode
3. So there's really not a whole lot of stuff coming out this summer.
Not necessarily. There's Armored Core is going to be coming out, Armored Core Formula
Prime, and also Dead to Rights will be coming out for the PSP as well in July or June, I
believe. Those are going to be coming out, and I haven't heard anything about Star Wars
yet and the Revenge of the Sith. I think that I got pushed back, and same with Midnight
Club 3 I think. DS on the other hand, DS is starting to pick up a
little steam here now they've been slumping through the past few months they're
starting to pick up a little steam. You've got GoldenEye,
Kirby Canvas Curse, Bomberman, Meteos, Tom Clancy Splinter Cell all this month.
Nanostray is going to be awesome. And Nanostray in July along with Spyro
Shadow Legacy also coming out in July.
So you can kind of see that it's starting to pick up a little bit of steam
whereas the PSP is in that
kind of, at least in my opinion, now everybody's got everything but
for me and the games I'm into. PSP's slumping right now
whereas DS is finally starting to pick up steam. Yeah, but the PSP is going to be
getting a lot of play in my house for me when
Papakaros comes out. Aren't you getting sick of this crap though where games
or the launches put all their games out
for the launch titles and then it's dead for like four months?
I'm honestly kind of looking forward to seeing Sony get screwed over for their arrogance.
That right there though, see that right there, that's what's gonna make the revolution rock.
If the next-gen systems pull the same crap,
I'm not usually one for resting on your laurels, but Nintendo
has always had, even though they haven't been at the top
of everything, they've had the staying power, they are stable.
See, again, this backs up what I said last week when I said I don't think that it's
such a bad thing that Revolution wasn't shown at E3 because I think they're
taking their sweetest time so that they can.
yeah they can they're doing it because they can because they know
they have been a trusted name for how long
I with Sony there in the beginning no
Sony was the bitch of Nintendo for a while and
they did the sound processor for the Super Nintendo and we're working on the
you're gonna get angry emails on that one
think think imagine with me here
just for a second here's where Nintendo is going to be revealed
Dark soccer is not finished I'm still had a rant to go
But Nintendo has been there since the late eighties.
There has always been a Nintendo system
since I would say right after
the uh, now I think the Master System was out first.
I was gonna say, I was just about to ask you though, couldn't you say the same thing about Sega? They were there in the beginning too, look at what happened to them.
Yeah, but Sega,
Sega actually started off doing third-party publishing because I've got
some Sega games on my Colecovision
and then they went, you know, they were pretty strong but I think that they sort of shot
themselves in the foot with the Dreamcast by it was there early it was
out but they needed to market it a little differently I think and then they
actually really got fucked over by the fact that Sony said hey we're gonna jump
in the market too that is what screwed over the Dreamcast it's a matter of
timing hmm Loki anyways I was gonna say imagine if you will because this is why
the revolution is gonna rock first off when it comes out it's gonna have launch
games that'd be cool but the thing is there will be a dead period of games well
one of the things that's going to be coming out is some of those downloads
remember you can download everything from you know Donkey Kong up to Mario
Sunshine basically for some of those are gonna be free that's gonna be cool but
here's the other thing that I think they're going to do download play to
your DS all those games you're downloading to your your revolution
you're gonna build down them to your DS put in sleep mode and take it with you
interesting thought interesting thought I like that idea well we'll see what
happens let's move on though anyway we got a lot of news to get through tonight
on dirge of cerebrus or cerebrus cerebrus cerebrus my horrible
pronunciation skills coming out or as we call it Vincent may cry website is up
and you get new downloads and you get more information on the story and
everything going on you can check that out and it's square dash enix dot co dot
You have no idea how big my Vincent fangirlism has been.
I had a directory of something like 3,000 doujinshi official art fan art pictures of
Vincent and I lost the one when my hard drive crashed.
Wow. You know what's funny? I was a scary fangirl. When I played through Final Fantasy 7 the
first time
I never got Vincent. You didn't know the right questions to ask. I guess so.
Wasn't that Yuffie? Vincent's the one where you open the safe.
Vincent, you have to talk to him a certain way. That's right.
And he wasn't in the safe, he was in a coffin. Sexy!
Anyway, let's move on.
Retailer news. Very interesting some of the things retailers are doing this week.
GameStop is already taking pre-orders for Halo 3
which, that doesn't surprise me considering every time I buy something
at GameStop or really any store these days
they always want me to pre-order something. Would you like to pre-order?
I understand but it's just... You know the thing is though, is it by getting your pre-order in early
you're guaranteed for shipment?
I personally don't do it because I'm a very spontaneous person and I like to
buy games, just walk in and I feel like buying this day.
I'm not a big pre-order person, I'm really not, and I have never
been denied a game I want by its out-of-stock or anything.
I always know how to find it. But whatever, pre-ordering's your thing.
Honestly, you can probably go to the GameStop now and pre-order the PS4,
you know, something like that. They'll take pre-orders for anything.
This was the other interesting thing, though. Walmart listed on its website this week
Katamari Damacy for the PSP, and the world let out a collective
Huh? Because we all thought Katamari Damacy was supposed to be on the DS.
So what do you think? Is there any merit to this? I go,
no, this is BS. I think it's just a mistake. Just like,
what was it, they had marijuana.
Target.com was selling marijuana at one point, which was some Web Kids
joke. I think, I don't think you can really trust
Walmart.com as your source for gaming. Honestly, I would have heard about it
already because,
would have been announced, I would have had to put it on my list. But anyways, the thing is, as far as games come, I'm totally lost now, but I'm not surprised that Halo 3, they've got pre-orders for it, but I wouldn't take that as, like, God, as it's coming out right away. I mean, it'll probably be a launch game or something pretty close.
Halo 3 is not going to be a launch game, it's going to come out when the PS3 is put out.
It's stupid. Honestly, I'm not going to get this game system because Halo 3 is coming out.
People that have the Xbox buy Halo 3. It doesn't matter. We'll buy both.
I will buy the Xbox 360 when Halo 3 is out because there's a better chance that the Xbox 360 might get its first price cut before then in order to entice sales of it.
It's not going to matter at my house. We get them all.
I know. Speaking of which, since we're talking about stuff in vendors and all that wonderful stuff.
wonderful stuff. PSP, there's rumors about it actually getting a price cut to $200, and
the reason why they are saying that this is going to happen, and one, they've heard it
from like a friend who heard it from somebody, you know, that type of thing. Well, there's
that. And then there's also the fact that apparently, I guess, Best Buy is listing now
on their website, Best Buy and EB Games are now stocking the official stuff like the Sony
headphones, the little soft case, the 32 meg memory stick card, and the battery chargers.
They're all sale individually, which this stuff's usually bundled with it.
So if there's going to be a non-bundle, then it's going to drop in price.
Well, logically, but okay, that's all good I guess.
at the same time it doesn't make much sense because you have to have a
memory stick with the PSP so you're going to end up buying that separately.
You have to have some type of charger so you're going to end up buying that.
Honestly, if I think what's going to happen though, the charger, I could see
maybe replacement memory stick as a replacement.
I think if they were going to do one, it would be just
system, memory stick, charger.
We'll see what happens. Alright, we here at Orange Launch Radio, we're not just
here to bring you the latest and greatest in video game news, but we're
here to better your life.
because if we just sat around and played video games all day long
we would have no time to go out drinking so
one way we're gonna better your life here is to have the one and only Dark
Sakura give you her
advice column. Dark Sakura what do you have to tell the kids about tonight?
Today's bit of advice is how to jump from a bridge or cliff into a river
so that when people tell you to take a flying leap you'll know what to do.
Now kids don't really try this at home
1. Jump feet first. 2. Keep your body entirely vertical. 3. Squeeze your feet together. 4.
Enter the water feet first, but clench your buttocks together. If you do not, water may
rush in and cause severe internal damage. 5. Protect your crotch area by covering it
with your hands. 6. Immediately after you hit the water, spread
your arms and legs wide. Move them back and forth to generate resistance, which will slow
your plunge to the bottom but my uh honest uh final piece of advice in this
drown also avoid rocks that's like a major one right there
of if you see rocks poking out of the water might not be a good idea to jump
towards it
please don't do that at home you're not vin diesel you don't need to be jumping
off the bridge what cliff diving not well he used to
I'll jump off the rainbow bridge.
Wow.
Wowee wow.
Did he remember to tighten his buttocks when he jumped?
I'll have to ask him.
Please ask him.
Moving on, gaming companies.
I know that most of you guys are located in Silicon Valley,
although the rest of you guys, some
are located elsewhere in the nation, New York, wherever.
Louisiana is trying to get you to move your company over
there.
recently passed Louisiana Bill 341. It grants game developers generous tax
credits
if they relocate to Louisiana. It was
unanimously passed by the Senate. It gives a 10 percent
state tax income credit to studios that spend
anywhere between three hundred thousand dollars and eight million
by setting up shop in Louisiana and then remaining there for one year.
Do you see game companies rushing to Louisiana?
It could happen if they can live through the freaking humidity.
The first thing I was going to comment on too is that, you know...
I have been there.
Here's one thing that Louisiana, and with all due respect to our listeners in Louisiana,
I love you guys for tuning in, but let's think about it.
They probably don't have to blow on Nintendo cartridges down there
to get them to work anymore because it's so damn human.
No, you just have to deal with them resting.
No, no, no, you laugh.
No, I laugh because it's true.
But it happened.
you have to clean your contacts with alcohol
for our buddies over in the UK Dark Sakura's got your back what's going on
for the British folk
this is about the Gizmondo
the Gizmondo is put out by a UK company
actually looking over their stats it's a pretty pretty impressive little system
I got to play it, I got to play Johnny whatever
sort of like a game where you wail hard on your guitar and then you have a little
karaoke mode that plays sort of
like Guitar Freaks meets Karaoke Revolution
but basically it's going to be powered by Windows CE
it has a 2.8 inch TFT color screen
it actually supports MPEG4 movie
multimedia messaging, digital camera,
GPRS network
basically it's looking like it's trying to really compete with the PSP
just to run over some of the features 400 megahertz
ARM 9 processor, 64-bit graphics processor
8-way D-pad, left and right triggers, all these like bajillion buttons on it
integrated digital camera, 3D game engine
But Dark Sakura, can you play pornography on it?
Eventually. MPEG-4 video, come on. It has Windows Media Player 9 on it
Oh, there you go. Polyphonic ringtones, apparently it's also gonna
try to kick Nokia back under the grave
even if they aren't already there sorry but I mean come on
yeah this is like the nail in the coffin games coming out conflict vietnam
karmageddon
battle stations midway total overdose SSX3
FIFA soccer sticky balls
Rayman well if they relocate to
you know Louisiana then that won't be a problem
Also, that game Johnny Whatever, which we have pictures of on OrangeLoudRadio.com on
my E3 gallery.
Yes.
Any idea of her release date for our British friends?
It actually is scheduled to be hitting the U.S. August 11th, 2005.
Which means what, they get it three months later as typical?
I have no idea.
Sorry.
Sorry.
You guys know I'm telling the truth.
Sorry.
I'm having a feeling it's likely going to be coming out there around the same time.
It's not giving a difference in the dates.
That would be good.
If it's a portable system, they don't exactly have to redo the specs, because that's usually
why games take so long, because they have to go from NTSC to PAL, and all that. That's
usually why games get delayed, but they won't have to worry about that with Gizmodo.
No, and the thing is, it's like the same reason you can play PAL discs on an NTSC on your
computer, I mean, it's the same difference. But it really is looking like it's trying
to go head-to-head with the PSP, and on top of that, it actually takes flash drive.
I actually see it as more, not so much PSP, but more N-Gage, what N-Gage really should
have been.
Kind of.
It looks like it's trying to bridge the fence.
I don't want to have to compare the N-Gage to anything, because nobody is deserving of
that kind of punishment, but, you know, compared to a doggone.
But apparently it's being put out by Tiger.
Yeah, good.
Would you?
Tiger used to put out all those little LCD games back in the day, beep, beep, beep, beep,
beep, beep.
But Tiger's been around for a while, you know, and honestly, I honestly, honestly really
think that I'm going to get a Gizmondo. After playing it at E3, and also with just the excellent
show they put on, it's looking like it's going to be big.
You're not going to get it just because you have every other console system known to man.
I am a completion whore.
I will just borrow yours, when you let me.
You know, and honestly though, it actually was pretty comfortable to play. You know how
some systems just feel kind of out of whack in your hand?
Like the Engage?
It felt pretty comfortable.
I...
Do you mean the taco?
Gizmondo's going to have to wait in line because I still have to pick up a PSP, but I'm interested
in Gizmondo.
Why don't they just call it the Magic Taco Gaming System?
I think it would sell better.
Moving on.
Loki, what's up?
Video Taco!
We love the taco!
Anyway.
Loki, tell us about some hackin' and crackin'.
There's some cool stuff coming out actually for the PSP that you can get.
One of them's actually this group that's a Spanish electronica group called the Overkillers,
And they actually have a download.
Their whole music album is available now for a free PSP download.
And that's kinda cool.
So you can get that and I would say it's probably better to go to psphackers.com and then find
the link because the website's too long.
But anyways, you can get it.
It's like a good 63.6 meg download, so check it out.
There's some, obviously, they're going emulator crazy on the PSP right now.
Actually, I've noticed.
The PSP.
I've seen a lot of gaming blogs over on 1up.com.
are posting pictures of their PSP emulated stuff.
I'm almost tempted to go get a 1.0 version PSP, one of the Japanese first ones, but soon
enough once that 1.5, once they crack that, it's gonna be heaven man. You're gonna have
all the Game Boy Advance games, they actually have Neo Geo emulated on that and that's great.
So yeah, definitely, if you're lucky enough to have one, the brand new version 1.01, definitely
check all this stuff out. Tons of fun stuff for that.
Now if you like more gadget-y junk, they've got the PSP Shuffle, where you can actually,
this program you can download, and it'll actually put random content on your PSP, basically.
That sounds kind of freaky.
It's kind of retarded.
Okay.
You actually have to buy this?
Life is random!
Why would you have to buy this program?
That's retarded.
But anyways, you can buy it if you want to, but honestly, save your time.
There are consumer whores out there.
I mean, if you want to be random, I'm never having a problem figuring out what I can put
on my PSP.
If you want to be random, put a dollar in an envelope and send it to me.
Honestly, that would be pretty random, and then I would have money.
But yeah, that's some cool stuff coming out.
Now I know that there's been some more stuff.
I was watching the whole DS Linux, the whole thing going on with that, and they actually
have some progress on that, and it looks pretty cool.
They've got on the modgods.com, and it's a site that carries a bunch of information about
DS hacking, and they actually have DS Hacker.com they actually released, but they've got a
whole thing, they're showing pictures of the new version of Linux that's running on the
DS, and it actually has a picture of the Linux penguin with the Mario hat on it, which I
thought was pretty cute.
So it's coming along pretty soon, and you can actually download a copy of it, the Dualist
DS emulator. Oh, that's an emulator for DS. Well, check that out too. But a bunch of cool
stuff. And for my final thing to leave you guys with, actually two things. Under the
Knife looks awesome, because I want to cut up people just for the hell of it.
I completely missed this game at E3 and everybody's talking about it.
Under the Knife, there's an old game called like...
Operation?
No, not Operation. Life and Death.
Oh, shit! I remember that game.
All you would do is appendix surgery, but now under the knife you can relive the wonderful
doctor things.
There's a little error thing on there which you can do, but you basically cut people open
and fix them.
It's quite interesting.
When that comes out here, which is going to be in the winter of 2005, check it out.
Then they have this really weird one, and I don't know what the hell this is.
It's Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney.
That sounds quite boring, but actually I saw a preview for that.
It looked kind of funny.
I want to play that.
It looked kind of funny.
You'd be surprised.
That's why I got my alley.
A couple other things.
The DS, more colors, pink and red.
So now you've got red that's going to be coming out for Jump Superstars, which I don't know
is another game.
And that's here in America?
No, no, no, no.
It's in Japan.
Yeah, I need to import the graphite one because the graphite one is all shiny black.
So yeah, those are going to be coming out and definitely check out the brand new screens
for the Linux because it'll be awesome.
that's awful. Remember Monochrome Green? How did we live? I don't know. Honestly. Oregon
Trail, that's how we made it. Alright, a couple more stories. Let's talk about what's going
on in some MMO's worlds right now. Not technically an MMO, okay. Warcraft 3, more of a head to
head game. Blizzard closed over 53,000 battle.net accounts on Warcraft 3. Basically, they were
closed because they were hacking or cheating during a multiplayer session.
Some of them were just banned for ladder play from a month.
Some were permanently removed, crazy.
So man, don't mess with those battle net.
Don't mess with your games because they'll get you.
And one of the granddad, now this is as old school as MMOs get here, Ultima Online.
Do we know anybody that still plays Ultima Online?
Yes.
I don't know anybody that still plays this, but that's cool. Ultima Online is getting another
expansion. It's called Mondane's Legacy.
You know that game's been out for eight years now? Mondane or Mundane?
Mondane. I know.
You would think after eight years. August 30th is the release of this game.
If you want a free trial of Ultima Online, see what you might be missing,
don't make fun until you've played it. I have played it. UO.com.
I still know people who are freaking playing Asheron's Call.
Why? That's not so surprising, but Ultimate Online.
The only thing I remember from Ultimate Online, because you'd have, like,
you can buy your own house, is people would put their horses in the house so it wouldn't get stolen.
Yeah. It builds like a stable room.
No, it's just a house.
No, no, I've seen them. I've played Asheron's Call.
And they would just call it a stable room.
I like the trophy rooms and stuff, where you keep your portals and shit.
Miyamoto made a very interesting comment this week in a
article on CNN Money. He said
there's not a lot I want to play now. A lot of the games out there are just too
long.
Of course there are games such as Halo or Grand Theft Auto that are big and
expansive
but if you're not interested in spending that time with them you're not gonna
play.
Interesting. You think games are too long these days?
Miyamoto's got a point? There need to be more, you know, quick play fun games.
But see the thing is with Grand Theft Auto though that is a quick play fun game same with Halo 2 actually because you can
Go and play multiplayer games. It's fun Grand Theft Auto. You don't even have to play the game
You just run around exist in the world and it's fun. And that's the whole point. That's why I love that game
That's why I can take Grand Theft Auto
Not play it for like a year and come back to it and still have fun in it and just be able to pick it
Right up again or even just be able to play it for weeks at a time because it's you can find little fun things to do
it. Maybe that's the problem, the fact that there is so much you can do with it, instead
of having something just simple, to the point. But you know what, don't buy it then. I don't
buy it, I think it's kind of crap, but you know, I like my puzzle games and I like my
cute RPGs. Maybe this is a hint as to what the revolution is. After 15 minutes, the revolution
shuts off and tells you to go outside, Fatty.
It's one of those old Nintendo demo machines.
Nintendo has always had, though, a family-oriented point of view.
I mean, we have had the fair share of violent games, but for the most part, Nintendo has
been, you know, they have brought out things that are kid-friendly, family-safe, you know,
that type of thing.
Nintendo only started getting a little more violent with that stuff, though, after they
were publicly embarrassed with Mortal Kombat's sweat thing. I mean, that was the laughing
stock at the time.
Yeah.
Alright.
Yeah, if you put in the blood code on Mortal Kombat 2, it would change some of the fatalities.
One more opinion piece. This was something that was posted over on Slashdot, which I
think was just a repeat of something from CNET, but they were predicting on CNET that
The next generation consoles will kill off PC gaming.
The bottom line is that console manufacturers often heavily subsidize their new machines
swallowing huge losses up front in hopes that they'll make it all back selling games, which
is to say that once the 18-34 demographic starts buying $400 PS3s instead of $400 video
cards, developers may have no choice but to follow suit.
Agree disagree
Now the PC market is still gonna go and then honestly, I really think that the whole PC gaming market
It's gonna be dominated by the MMO
The more of them that come out the more addicts there are going to be and the more people who are going to upgrade their
machine, you know, even I bought a new graphics card so I could play Final Fantasy 11 and
Now it makes PSO look so beautiful
You know still
You'll be able to play Final Fantasy, you can already play Final Fantasy 11 on a console, and then Xbox 360 is going to get it too.
But it looks like shit on the console.
Well, the Xbox 360 is going to be nice, you've got to give it that.
Yeah, but you can still always build a PC that's going to kick its ass.
I just think that as the consoles evolve, the PCs evolve too, so I think there will always be a place for PC games. I mean, I don't know.
You pull your console out of the box, six weeks later your computer technology is going
to make it obsolete.
It's already obsolete.
You can build computers that use the cell structure processors.
They have them.
They've been having them.
They've been out for, what, a year now?
The cell processors?
Yeah.
Yeah, they've been marketing them for all kinds of science research.
I think what the article tries to say is that this kind of stuff is too
expensive for most of us but the game consoles make them affordable
I think. Yeah, you buy the package deal but there are still going to be
the hardcore PC people who are going to keep it alive and the fact that the
pieces are so expensive is just more fuel.
And just right now you can't play Xbox Live and be on IRC at the same time.
Nope. I cannot do my homework playing PSO on the Xbox.
Now, who's to say that that won't change in the future with what all these next-gen systems
want to do?
But I don't know.
Loke, you have another thought on this?
It's never going to kill it off because if you're spending $400 on a graphics card, you're
especially kind of crazy anyway, so it's not going to matter.
I mean, honestly, who spends $400 on a graphics card?
I mean...
If you're going to spend that kind of money buying Alienware...
Oh, big man buys a high-end graphics card.
Guess what?
Next week, it's obsolete and my $20 graphics card is still whatever.
The whole thing is is you really don't need to spend all this money on console games.
People that are playing console games are going to still be playing console games and
people that are playing the PC games, you know what, because the PCs now, they're still
going to get better, the graphics here are going to get better, and it's still going
to be one step ahead of the console systems.
The console systems will get closer but whatever.
I play all of them, I don't care.
I've got them, I play them.
But you're also a special kind of crazy dark Sakura.
Okay, emulators are one thing, but I have to have the stupid half-broken joystick in
my hand so I can play Kix on my Atari 5200 and play it right, god damn it.
Alright, one last, we're running kind of long, but one last story.
Something to make Dark Sakura squeal a little bit here.
You're a fan of Stargate, yes?
Yes.
Well, you know how there's the Stargate SG-1 game coming out, right?
Yes.
Richard Dean Anderson, Michael Shanks, Amanda Tappe and Christopher Judge, that's
right, some of the cast,
they will be doing the voice acting for the game. I didn't doubt it. I played some of it at E3.
Very cool. It's definitely very first-person shooter-y, but
they got them looking right. And you know, though, a bit of trivia.
You know Richard Dean Anderson was MacGyver.
Oh yeah. But Dude was also
in a few episodes of MacGyver 2. July is the release date for that game, so you kids
look for it.
That's gonna bring another additional Orange Lounge Radio to go to a close. Final
thoughts, Loki?
I have my headache still, it needs to go away,
and I loaned out Grand Theft Auto San Andreas,
what was I thinking? Dark Sakura. Reject, false icons, and happy birthday to the old man.
And my final thought is
My birthday is coming up very soon and I hope you're all going to get me something lovely.
My second final thought is vote for us on Podcast Alley.
Go there now.
Don't hesitate.
Go there now because if you vote us, we get better.
Don't you feel like it's running for student council though?
No, no, no.
They need to vote for us so that my ego can inflate to astronomical proportions.
You need to go now.
Sally, honestly, go vote for us. Do it. And vote every month. Don't just vote once, vote
every month. I, your favorite internet celebrity, beseeches
you. Vote!
Vote or die! Vote or die!
As P. Diddy says, vote or die. Alright, have a good one you guys, we'll see you next time
on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition. This podcast is a proud
part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
