This week it's nearly summer, which means the game developers, publishers, and makers
around all present their wares.
This year, from a distance, introverts unite apart.
Join us for the announcement, preparations, and schedule your favorites, starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 823 for this June the 14th
of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here in the studio that we've used for a little while
out of a lot of the various studios that we've used over the years.
But I'm by myself as we are practicing social distancing, as is still the case right now.
But I am joined thanks to the magic of Discord by my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Good.
I see I see still Kirby in the background.
I'm looking at doll legs as well.
And there's my camera.
I gotcha.
But you look great.
Thank you.
All right.
Let's go to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi.
And I'm trying to figure out what is that?
Is that Mega Zeus?
Oh my gosh, the sequel to ZZT or something like that, right?
In the background with you?
Yeah.
I love it.
So I was trying to find some interesting background.
So it was either like some weird trippy Minecraft thing that only lasts for three minutes or
a long play of Mega Zeus.
So that's what it's going to be.
I love it.
I'm with it.
That's awesome.
All right.
Well, we have had a busy week in the gaming world.
I know we're getting a little bit of a late start tonight, so I want to get right on into
it.
We had a lot of news this week.
This would have been the week that E3 would have taken place.
But obviously with the situation of well, first off, E3, of course, was not it was in
a weird place as it was.
And then COVID happened.
And then it was certainly not going to happen this year.
So all the gaming companies have kind of scrambled to do their own thing.
IGN brought a lot of people together under like a summer banner.
But Sony moved forward and this week had their PlayStation 5 preview, which was originally
going to be last week.
But obviously with everything that's going on in the call for racial justice and equality,
which is still going on, just because you're not seeing it 24 7 on CNN doesn't mean it's
not happening.
Good friends, several friends of mine were at an L.A. protest today because they kind
of turned the L.A. pride into a huge thing for a support of Black Lives Matter and Black
trans lives matter, of course.
So all of that is still going on.
But some of the, you know, kind of where do we kind of fit in the other things that go
on, such as video games and recreation, trying to find the places for that appropriately.
We did have the PlayStation 5 announcement this week and there was a lot.
There was a lot to it.
Let me just kind of start from the top and ask my co-hosts, just generally, what were
your reactions to Sony's PlayStation 5 reveal?
Loki, I'll start with you.
I started watching when I thought it was supposed to be on.
And apparently there was like trailers that started before that time.
So I was a little disappointed that it didn't start when they said they were going to, at
least I thought.
Otherwise, content wise, yeah, that's PlayStation.
I mean, there's a few games that look pretty interesting, not necessarily the ones like
the mainstream stuff.
So yeah, I don't know.
Some of the announcements are disappointing, like seriously, Rockstar, we're going to do
Grand Theft Auto 5 again, again, you know, for a third generation of consoles.
I don't know.
We didn't know more about it, like what exactly the systems can, you know, what are the features
of the system?
And then he kind of showed some of the console and like some of the accessories for some
reason, no PlayStation VR, I'm kind of surprised.
And yet we don't know price or release date or which of those games that they showed are
actually coming out at release.
Or is it going to be release window, you know, the 12 months after release or whatever?
Yeah, I mean, it looks really cool.
A lot of the games look pretty nice.
I don't think that they're necessarily like blowing me away with this looks drastically
different than like the PlayStation 4, but you know, I'll have to see.
And then also with these games, I mean, are they going to be coming out on PlayStation
4 as well?
Or is these all PlayStation 5?
I mean, it's just a lot of like kind of unknowns there.
So yeah, we'll have to see.
So maybe some more specifics on some of these scenarios would have been good for you.
Yeah, I can see that.
You know, we don't know exactly what is a PlayStation 5 exclusive.
Like I'm sure we can assume the horizon, the out west, I forgot the westward, westward
ho.
I forget what was the name of the horizon west life.
The horizon.
What was it?
It was horizon Forbidden West.
Thank you.
Horizon Forbidden West.
I can assume that is a PlayStation 5 exclusive.
Well, actually, no, I can't even assume that anymore because there's been all that rumble
rumble rabble about Zero Dawn coming to PC at some point.
But you know what?
What exactly is a PlayStation 5 exclusive?
I think you bring up a good point.
What might be available on PlayStation 4?
The grand theft auto 5 thing I thought certainly was going to lead into a conversation about
the larger conversation about backwards compatibility on the PlayStation 5.
I thought that's how they were opening the door to that conversation.
Here's the first of all of these games.
And granted, yes, Sony has confirmed because there was an odd footing that happened after
the Mark Cerny chat that was originally GDC, where he had said the top 100 games.
And then Sony said, it's going to be a lot more than that.
Those are just like, they kind of quickly corrected that statement.
But they haven't really just given us a firm what to expect of backwards compatibility.
We know PlayStation 4 is there in some capacity, but is it everything?
Did they get every single game?
Are there going to be some things excluded?
What about PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, and PlayStation 1?
We know what all those details were going to be because they didn't really go into
any of that.
And I know that's because they have this whole summer thing where they're going to have more
announcements I'm sure, or more stuff to talk about around Gamescom and all that later in
the summer.
So we'll get more details then.
But it's kind of annoying though.
It's like this drip feed of information.
But there's also a part of me that understands the message this episode or whatever was supposed
to be the games, games, games, games, and they didn't really want to deviate from that.
And maybe there's something to be said about what they wanted to talk about the future
of games and maybe not linger so much on the past.
But if that's the case, that Grand Theft Auto 5 was a misstep in my book, but I still found
a lot of positives.
However, before we go on too much longer, I definitely want to let Dark Soccer have
a say.
What was your thoughts?
I don't know if you watched it or saw some of the trailers.
What did you think, Dark Soccer?
I looked and saw a little bit of it.
I'm kind of interested in whatever the Resident Evil thing is going to be.
The design is fine.
I don't even know if that's going to be a final design because they've changed before.
I don't know.
This might sound a little bit odd, but I was really focusing more on social issues right
now.
No, it's not odd at all.
I've been actually doing some design work for a couple of the protest organizations.
Interesting point, though, about the design possibly not being finalized.
You're right.
They don't always.
The thing that jumps in my mind like a neon sign is the PlayStation 3 controller.
Remember when we first saw that at E3 years ago, it was like the boomerang.
I actually kind of liked the boomerang.
That thing was terrible.
I liked it.
It was looking at it made my hands hurt.
All right, five different opinions, whatever.
But when it comes to the console itself, I would be surprised if there was major changes.
But we've I mean, we've seen this thing meme-ified like crazy at this point.
Let me actually roll some footage, of course.
I'm sure a lot of you guys have seen this by now, but this is what the PlayStation 5
like reveal actually looked like.
And it's if you hear some ominous music in the background, that's because it's from PlayStation's
official reveal on the YouTube.
And we've seen this thing meme-ified like crazy.
Talk about how it's an Oreo or one of those reverse ones sandwiches.
Talk about how it looks like a Wi-Fi router.
And just we've seen all cells heads.
Yes.
Yeah, we've seen perfect cells head.
And I saw, though, like one where they did like they did like human forms of the systems
is kind of neat.
Yeah.
There were some like a porned up versions, but there were some other tasteful versions
that it's kind of interesting to see that conceptualized.
But I know one that looks really high fashion, actually, that I was like, I'd wear that.
I have to admit, like I, I think it I like it because it's different.
I mean, is it the perfect, you know, figure or whatever?
Maybe not.
But I kind of like that.
It's not just a box, you know, and PlayStation's always well, I shouldn't say always, but they've
they've done some weird things before, like the PlayStation three being a form and grill.
Come on.
Like, that was a weird thing, too.
And and it attracts so much dust.
It did.
I would I would I would rather this system not attract that much dust and this system
be quiet.
They did.
Mine's still hooked up.
OK.
Technically, I have a PlayStation three hooked up here in the corner, but I don't even think
it's hooked into a television right now.
But anyway, I really think at the end of the day, people are not going to pass on the PlayStation
five because they don't like the way the console looks like.
I, I, I guess maybe you might have people that like hold out for a year because maybe
they're not super happy with the launch lineup.
And we all know there's been all these talks and all these renderings.
I'm sure many people have seen that Spider-Man console rendering, which it looked good in
red and so forth.
But these are all fan dreams.
But at some point, the console will likely come out in different colors and different
shapes and things like that.
Or maybe there'll be a mini or something.
Money.
Yeah.
And I know skins.
Yeah.
And I could see people maybe holding out for that.
But I feel like if if there's really the games on this console, people want to play day one,
they'll figure out where to put that console.
And it's not going to be a big deal.
Like the look of it is not a big deal.
I wondered myself if the shape wasn't in part to do with air circulation and maybe having
the odd shape meant that the vents would have to be exposed a little bit and you wouldn't
maybe be able to fit it into a very tight, confined space.
Very easy.
And maybe that's intentional.
I'm just, that's my like a tinfoil hat theory, I guess if nothing else, maybe, maybe I don't
know.
It does look very tall.
I wish they had shown there was a shot that I saw where the system can be laid horizontally
as well, because otherwise that looks like it's going to be a hard fit for my entertainment
console.
I don't think I'd be even able to fit it in there.
Otherwise it had to lay flat.
And I kind of like, you know, like everyone's like dogging on the Xbox console, but I like
my console to be kind of flat because I can stack them.
Yeah, I know that's not really making sense for, you know, thermal design and everything.
But I like being able to stack stuff.
I loved having my PlayStation 2 and being able to stack stuff on top of it or my Xbox
360.
I like them being somewhat flat so that you can do that.
Even if it's not necessarily like another game console, maybe like controllers or something.
You know, the PlayStation 3, I had that and it had to be off to the side because it didn't
really fit anywhere and you couldn't put anything on top of it.
So it was really awkward.
And I don't care, whatever, who cares what the console looks like.
Let's talk a little bit about the fact that you have now a disk drive version or a Blu-ray
drive version and we have a no Blu-ray version.
And this is something we've already seen Microsoft do in the last generation, but I believe this
is the first time we're seeing Sony go this direction of an all digital console.
We didn't hear anything about price.
We didn't hear anything about release date, which I can understand the release date side
of things because they're probably still trying to navigate the waters with COVID and everything.
And second wave, especially in countries where these things are produced and so forth, there's
still probably a lot of to be determined when it comes to that.
And the price, though, I think a lot of people are getting the sense they're playing chicken
with Microsoft a little bit, but having the two different options certainly opens the
door for them to be able to say, oh, we're going to price this one below Microsoft.
We're going to price this one above Microsoft.
I kind of feel like it's going to be obvious that Xbox Series X will also have disk drive.
Microsoft will also do that because they've already done that.
They already have a digital version of the Xbox one, so that's not a new thing.
I just don't, I need to know what the price difference is before I would decide.
And I'd still probably, even though I do mostly digital purchases anyways, I still like having
the flexibility for it.
So I would probably just still get one with the drive either, unless it's like several
hundred dollars more.
But I don't know, I would have to see really what the cost savings is going to be on that.
But I still like the flexibility of it, even if it's not something I'm going to be using a
lot.
Dark Sakura, do you think digital versus disk is a conversation that will happen in your
household?
Probably, we're kind of blasé about some things, like we may get a physical copy if it's
got stuff I think that we want with it.
But I don't know, since the whole quarantine started going on, I think that we did get a
little bit less on top of the physical media side of things.
Really, it was just Animal Crossing.
So, you know, now me, I want good packaging, I want good artwork, I want to be able to see
it and look at it and enjoy it and put it somewhere so I can still look at it and see it
and enjoy it.
We have, I mean, well, you've seen what my closet, my game room looks like full of the
boxes and some of the best artwork that you know, that you can see.
So I would rather enjoy having a physical copy.
However, I also enjoy having space and we are running quite short of it.
Let me ask a weird question.
This might be a stupid question, but there's no such thing as stupid questions, right?
Unless I'm the one asking them.
Only stupid people.
OK, well, then this is a stupid people statement.
Could the disk driveless version be a response to COVID and this new world we find ourselves in?
No, it's because the system's going to be expensive and so they want to have a version that's cheaper.
That's all.
How many, I mean, not too many, say, laptops come with a CD, DVD drive.
I mean, again, cuts down on cost.
You can make a better computer.
So I look at it that way.
Does any a lot of laptops don't come with a drive so they can make them thinner.
But with any well, maybe not so much on the Mac side of the house, but on the PC side, you have
multiple storefronts.
You can purchase software from multiple options to make purchases, whereas you have a closed
system with PlayStation or Microsoft and or purchasing things.
So it's granted they do a lot more sales nowadays, I think, digitally, but.
It's really, you know, you're only going to be purchasing it there, and if it goes on sale, it's
because the publishers decided to put it on sale and you can't get stuff secondhand, you can't
sell used games.
If that's important to you, then, you know, something to consider.
I, you know, like I said, I like the flexibility whether I use it or not.
I know with this generation, PlayStation 4, it's been mostly digital, like 99% of the stuff I
bought is digital.
So I don't know.
I'm still buying a lot of physical things.
I mean, I'm open to digital and I do more and more digital, especially on the Switch, because I
like the portability and all that.
But there's still a lot of physical things I buy.
But I don't know.
I mean, I'm not as like staunchly against an all digital thing as I once was at one point.
I mean, after all, and I think this point got brought up in chat.
I'm sorry, guys, I don't mean to ignore you guys in chat.
My phone is all digital and I have a ton of applications and software and games and the like on my
phone, you know, so it's not like an all digital thing is a completely foreign concept.
Now, what's funny, and this comment made me laugh in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network,
because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And Quest Buster says the Phantom called and wants people to remember it was a thing.
Well, the what?
The Phantom.
Remember that?
Phantoms.
The what?
Phantom.
Phantoms.
Oh, that was a movie.
Right.
A really bad movie.
Anyway.
Wasn't it bad?
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Anyway, the point with all that is, is that there is such a thing as being ahead of your time.
Hello, the Sega Dreamcast called, you know, there is such a thing as like you're too ahead of your
time that it just doesn't catch on, you know, the same way.
And maybe in a way, that's what happened with the Phantom.
Well, Tiger Claw has a good point too.
Like speaking about backwards compatibility, we don't know how that's going to work.
So if say, for example, the system is backwards compatible with PlayStation one, two, three, four
games, you know, and those can be read via the disk drive.
It may be advantageous to have a disk drive in the system so that you can play all those.
That's a very good point.
You're going to need a disk drive if backwards compatibility beyond four is a thing.
I mean, and even with four being a thing, if you have PlayStation four disks, unless you have a
digital license, a PlayStation five is not going to automatically recognize that.
So that's a very excellent thought for folks that are considering disk versus, um, digital, uh,
quickly.
And then, then I want to talk a little more about some of the games at the PlayStation five event
quickly.
Does anybody want to tinfoil hat what the price and date?
You don't have to hit the date on the head, but what the price and date ish will be.
Any of my co-hosts want to take a stab at it?
Uh, four 99, five 99 and November.
Dark soccer.
Low.
It's going to be four 99, a higher model system is going to run about six 50, 700.
They did it before.
Um, I am also going to go, I'm going to go with a four 99, five 99.
I don't think dark soccer's thought is beyond because, you know, again, if the diskless one is
four 99, that's what they're going to say.
The price is, and we all remember when Sony got a lot of shit during the PlayStation three reveal
with the 599 us dollars.
If they hit that mark or beyond it with the one with the disk drive, they are not going to be
emphasizing that price there that you're going to see all the marketing material says starting at
four 99.
That's what it will all say.
Uh, as far as the timeframe, I'm going to predict a delay to March.
I don't think it comes out this year.
And I, I know, yes, I know all the games are already saying holiday and so forth.
I I'm going to be the weirdo that says they don't make it.
And it's, it's because of, of the COVID situation and just the supply demand type of thing.
I don't think it makes the holiday, but we'll see.
All right.
Um, looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, uh, DJ Rama S says, here's the deal on
backwards compatibility, whether it's Xbox series X or PlayStation five, both systems have the
hardware to be backwards compatible with its older systems.
The issues lies into licensing, meaning of third party companies want their games to be played on
the newest system.
It is a weird thing to think about in a way though, when we think like, Oh, the PlayStation two
just played every single PlayStation one game.
And I'm trying to think, have we, uh, and maybe the Wii U played every Wii game and those things
weren't really a problem, but backwards compatibility isn't as common as you'd necessarily think.
Maybe.
Although Nintendo did a very good job with their handheld systems.
I would say the handheld systems where we got really spoiled, like Game Boy Color played Game Boy
games, Game Boy Advance played Game Boy Color games, DS played advanced games, 3DS played DS
games.
Like they've, their portables were like always very good with backwards compatibility, but
otherwise we don't see it a lot.
Oh, interesting.
Um, Phoenix 7726 says, wait, they have a cell processor for PS3 play, huh?
Uh, we don't know yet for sure.
We don't know, um, what that's going to entail.
We don't know if it would be emulation or if it's even going to be there or could they do something
via PlayStation now and their streaming service.
Like we don't, we don't know.
It could be any of those things.
So, all right.
Anyhow, uh, let's talk a little more about some of the games that we saw at the PlayStation event.
We've mentioned a couple of them, such as the, um, Horizon Forbidden West, but what about some of the
other games?
Were there other things that caught your eye?
I know a lot of people were talking about Spider-Man, Miles Morales.
A lot of people were lighting up at that trailer.
Yeah, that looked pretty good.
I haven't played the original one, but it looks like a great game and I, the new one looks pretty good too.
It was a little confusing because at first, you know, everyone's like, oh, a new game.
And then, then it was like, oh, it's only expansion.
Oh, is it a, you know, is it a new game or is it an expansion?
So apparently what it sounds like, it's, it's a spinoff kind of like how they did with infamous.
They have like that.
I don't remember what the subtitle was on that one, but there was one that was like a, a spinoff game in
the same engine, but it's its own thing.
So, um, I think it's just a spinoff.
Um, I don't know if it's like an expansion with the remastered game or something like that.
Well, they, they really butchered the messaging after that trailer, because you had that executive
who said, oh, it's no, it's the original, uh, one with additional content.
And then they had Insomniac had to come out and say, no, it's an all new game.
It's just not Spider-Man two.
It's like a Spider-Man side thing.
Like, and they said it was like Uncharted.
Uncharted had that side game that came out not that long ago.
Um, and of course I forget the subtitle in the moment, Lost Legacy.
Was that it?
So, uh, they, they had that.
So it's, you know, but it's, it's going to be a similar game, you know, in that.
Or, uh, another good one might be like, there's Bioshock two and then there's Bioshock Infinite.
Which one's the sequel?
Well, technically both are.
Right.
Infinite's a side story though.
Infinite ties everything together.
I know, I know, but which one's the sequel?
So there's, there's different ways you can kind of do a sequel.
I think, I don't know, but they really butchered the messaging on that.
So, uh, I think it's, it's going to be a fine game.
If you enjoyed the Spider-Man game, there's no reason you're not going to like this one as well.
I'm sure.
And it will be prettier cause it's on PlayStation five.
Um, Dark Soccer already mentioned Resident Evil eight, the village or village, uh, that looks scary.
That looked like it might've been a VR thing as well.
And you pointed out, they avoided talk about VR to all the last game was fully playable in VR.
So it makes sense that this one is.
Yeah.
Uh, Gran Turismo seven was pretty.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look pretty.
Yeah.
I don't like sim games though.
Yeah.
I don't usually get into the racing sim games, but it, it did look pretty.
How about Ratchet and Clank Rift Apart?
Um, that, that game play was really smooth.
Like it, it was kind of neat to watch that game play, uh, flow.
Yeah.
I think that was one of the trailers I missed originally.
Um, I saw the announcement for it, but it looked, it looks nice.
Looks better than the movie that they did.
I totally forgot about the movie, but yeah, it was just probably a good thing that you forget about it.
Yeah.
It just, it really snapped as they were moving from like, you know, place to place.
Like, I, I definitely think that was a way to show off the solid state drive and the types of things that that can bring to it.
So it was interesting.
Uh, the Demon's Souls remake, uh, they didn't really show us a lot outside of a, you know, creepy looking trailer, no gameplay here.
Um, but I'm sure that'll be something that Alan will be into if I pick up the PlayStation five right away.
Cause I know he likes those games.
I liked the trailer for Deathloop.
Did you guys see that?
The Arkane Studios game, which kind of was, I forgot all about that.
They'd shown that last year at the Bethesda thing.
Um, and I completely forgot about it because originally when I saw it, I was like, Oh, another dishonored.
And it's like, definitely I'm like, Oh yeah, that's right.
They have that game.
Um, yeah, it looks interesting.
I like the art style.
Uh, NBA 2K21 was there, which, you know, I thought that was a very odd approach to really focus on the sweat.
I don't think sweat is a thing that people like to think about a lot.
Um, so that was a sweat and thinking about how much money you're gonna be spending on microtransactions.
It was an odd approach to a trailer, but I mean, we can't sit here and go sports, whatever, because sports games, people do buy those.
A lot of people buy those.
So it's important.
Can't wait to see the extreme fidelity in the bugginess of the new WWE.
Oh, that's right.
They're skipping this year.
Well, hopefully it's not a piece of garbage.
I mean, NBA 2K is usually okay, but that's, that's only in comparison to NBA, uh, I don't even know what they call the EA one.
I guess it doesn't matter because that one's not very good.
But yeah, it's just, it's a big mess of microtransactions and loot boxes.
Uh, that's all I think of that series.
So, uh, and then we had Sackboy.
I was excited about that because I kind of feel like the little big planet games kind of need to come back a little bit.
And this is sort of that it seems like now I completely understand media molecules moved on to dreams and they have a big old thing.
So I'm, I, it's kind of one of those, Oh, I didn't think they'd go back to this idea, but Sackboy is a PlayStation mascot of sorts.
And the trailer looked really cute.
I was into it.
This, this, it looks cool.
I was just gonna say the little sack girl they had in the trailer looks just like one of my friends in her Burning Man photos, straight up.
I don't know if you saw the little sack girl.
She looks straight up like one of my friends at Burning Man.
Well, I always used to like, granted, like I didn't never really mess too much with the actual level creators and everything in those games.
Um, even though they're really, you know, cool, but I love playing like the single player campaigns and stuff.
So, I mean, I'm sure this would be great.
Uh, and I'm sorry guys, I'm just not going to have time to dive into everything.
So I'm just kind of doing a few like standouts for me here.
I thought that Hitman 3 trailer, like when, when it was going, I was like, Ooh, what game is this?
This looks neat.
And then they were like, it's Hitman 3.
And I was like, it's Hitman?
Really?
I don't, I usually pass on those games, but that looked, that was one of the better looking trailers.
I really thought.
That looked pretty exciting.
Um, the other one that I really liked too, that was pretty cool looking is, uh, Ghostwire Tokyo.
That looked really cool.
Where they're like fighting demons and stuff like that, that, that was pretty sweet.
And then, uh, Pragmata was another one that like really trippy, uh, I don't even know what it is.
It's some game from Capcom.
It looked pretty awesome.
I really liked Returnal.
That was the one with the, the woman in space.
Otherwise it was a little bit vague what that might be about, but I usually like space sci-fi games.
Um, it looked like it might be a little bit of a, a platformer type of game.
Uh, I'm kind of curious more about that.
So I'm curious to see some, uh, some, uh, gameplay on that.
The Square Enix game, Project Aethia, that looked hot, hot, hot.
I mean, again, we need to see more gameplay, but I was living for that character design.
The environments looked awesome.
That was a, I mean, again, it's, it was a little bit of a cryptic trailer.
Cause you don't really see what the game was, but I was, I was into that.
I don't know about you guys, but that was, that was great.
Is that there, that engine that they showed off like a long time ago?
Well, it's the luminous engine, which is what Final Fantasy 15 was built in.
It was not, I do not believe it was the one that they showed a couple E3s
ago that people were like, Oh, is this like the first look at Final Fantasy 16?
And they're not calling it that.
I don't think this project relates to that.
I think it's really cool.
Yeah.
Um, and then I also, of course, the game, the game of the show was stray.
That was the one where you're the cat and there was all the robots,
but you're playing as the cat.
And you know, I'm always here for a game where you're playing as the cat.
That's for sure.
That one looked good.
I also liked, it was that, uh, Kena Bridge of Spirits.
That one was pretty cool looking.
Yeah.
Um, and then, uh, was it, so, uh, Goodbye Volcano High looked interesting.
Um, I, it looks like I basically watching a cartoon.
Um, and then of course, uh, we have to talk about Bugsnax.
We do have to talk about Bugsnax cause that song was very catchy.
But when I hear that bug sack, bug snack song, all I can hear.
Cause I saw a tweet and now all I hear is butt sex when I hear that song,
instead of hearing bug snacks, but I think, but sex, but so like, then
now it's going to happen to you too.
Next time you hear that song.
So you're welcome.
I thought like when I first saw it, I was like, it was like a cloudy with a
chance of meatballs game and be like, what is this?
Cause it looks very similar to that, uh, premise, but then it gets weird.
So, you know, I don't know.
So overall, you know, trying to, trying to tie this up so we can move on to
other big announcements in the week overall, like, how did you feel about,
because this was a different format.
This was a different way of doing this information.
How did you feel about what Sony brought to the table this week?
Anybody?
It was good, except for, uh, Godfall.
I, that I can't get excited about that game, but everything else looks pretty cool.
I just wish there was more of it.
I kind of miss the, the, you know, overwhelming amount of
information during E3 week.
I kind of like, I really liked though.
And I think the best thing about this, which not a lot of people are talking
about is just that this was a bullshit free, I shouldn't say bullshit free,
but they really like the, the method of how they had to do this.
Not that I am, not that I'm saying COVID is a great thing by any means.
Absolutely not.
But PlayStation having to adjust things because of COVID, like this
was like the tightest, like bullshit free presentation I've ever seen them do.
It was such a contrast to the year that they only had four games to show at E3.
And they were moving people from room to room for some type of like
artistic experience or something.
Like this was just game, game, game, game, game, game, game.
And I, I think that's what a lot of people want to see.
And I, I kind of applaud their approach because I thought it was well done.
And I think even more than the Microsoft event, a couple of weeks
ago, we saw more gameplay.
We saw, you know, we didn't see it for every game, but we saw enough of a
taste of this is what the machine's actually going to look like in motion.
You know, and got a sense of that.
And so I, I, I kind of applaud it and I noticed, I don't know if you guys noticed,
but I certainly noticed a lot of the protagonists, a lot of the characters
in the games, we had a pretty welcoming, diverse lineup of characters in these
games that were featured and I was, I was very happy to see it, so I don't know.
Was it just me?
I thought there was a pretty good mix in there.
So, yeah, definitely.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about the PC gaming show.
Uh, so look, I didn't even watch.
I just read some of the headlines, but Loki, what were your
thoughts on the PC gaming show?
Um, I also didn't watch it too much or at all.
Um, I was just catching some of the different highlights that they had.
So, uh, one of the things I was excited about, it looks really
different than the last one was.
Um, Oh God, what is it?
It's a, I'm trying to find the, uh, a surgeon simulator too.
Um, so that one looks really weird.
It's co-op this time.
Plus there's an element of like, um, you can build your own surgery
rooms and stuff like that.
And then it looks like there's like almost like an adventure mode or
something like that, that you are solving puzzles with people, but
it's just all sorts of crazy.
So that looked pretty neat.
Um, some of the other stuff that they showed that looked interesting
that Proteus always looks good.
That's that kind of a retro looking shooter game.
Uh, I don't know.
Icarus kind of neat looking.
Um, it's, I don't know, a lot survival games, but yeah, Icarus, I guess
that's the one that was, Oh, so that's the one that's, uh, that was
by the folks that did DayZ.
So it's, it's a survival game where it's like you're on a different
planet, you land there and so, uh, neat looking, um, I don't know.
This is not a lot.
The PC game showcase was never one that I would always get excited about.
I guess one of the exciting things though, if you're a fan of the series
that Torchlight 3 was out on Steam that day, so that was a pretty cool announcement.
Um, other than that, I mean, I don't know.
I was excited about Torchlight 3, that's for sure.
But then I started seeing some of the like reception to it and some of the,
not that I want to listen to user reviews, but a lot of people are kind
of saying, boy, it kind of feels like it was a free to play game that
was shifted around a little bit, but I'm going to, I'm going to wait
until it's a little further on because it is in early access.
So let's cut it a little slack.
I want to see what it looks like a little further along, but generally
I'm excited about Torchlight 3.
So, yeah, so I don't know.
Um, like I said, I'm, I miss that the, the whole presentation for that.
Um, it's typically one that I do normally miss anyways, so I don't
know, not a huge deal for me, but I'm sure there's, there's a lot of stuff
out there for folks that are fans of PC gaming, I just, a lot of this stuff,
especially when it comes down to like some of these simulation games and
everything, I just don't play a lot of the strategies, same games, but I mean,
I know there's a certain simulator too I'm definitely excited for, especially
if they, I'm hoping that they get VR in that as well, um, and then I'm sure
that I'll come to console at some point.
Um, so yeah, we'll have to wait and see.
Did you actually watch the PC gaming thing or did you just kind of sift
through what was announced like I did?
I sifted through it.
Yeah, cause I was, I was kind of curious cause you know, that, that
show has never gotten a good review since the year it started.
So I was kind of curious if they were, I mean, I don't know, chat, did
anybody in chat take a look at it?
Cause I'm kind of curious about it.
I know, right?
Like it was, I totally forgot.
That's the problem with this year is that with not everything being this
week, I can't keep track of what's when, because it's all over the map.
You know what I mean?
It like, it used to be like, Oh, it's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and
all day, we'll have some announcements.
It's kind of, it's kind of hard to stay on top of it.
That's for sure.
All right.
Yeah.
Proteus looks amazing.
That one is, that one's like kind of, it's a, imagine if you will, a Doom
running a Doom engine with like modern effects and lighting and everything.
So it looks pretty, pretty awesome in that sense.
It's got a really unique looking style to it.
Okay.
And then there was yet yet another, and I think it's a completely new game as
well, cause there's been a several that have come out or been announced already,
but I thought that there was a third rhythm shooter game that they had out
there now, so it was like three games, almost in the same genre that's brand new.
Um, I don't remember what that was called though, but I know there's
Was it Hellsinger?
Cause that's in our next batch of news is the Hellsinger.
No, not Hellsinger.
It was, um, it's something metal.
I don't remember what it's called, but there's, there's like three different
games that are kind of have that same mechanic to them now.
It's like everyone came up with the idea at the same time.
Well, let me move on into some of the other announcements from this week,
because there were a spattering of other things that were announced
during the week as well.
And one of the ones I definitely want to get into, uh, because I was really
excited to see this and it kind of came out of nowhere and I imagined dark
soccer has gotta be feeling some kind of way about this, but that is the
Alex Kidd in a Miracle World Deluxe or DX that they, uh, showed.
Did you, did you see this dark saga?
Yes, I did.
I'm pretty happy about it.
Me too.
Cause it looks like the wonder boy dragons trap thing that they did.
Um, where you can, and that was really good and you can switch really easily
with like a button in between the newer mode and the retro mode and so forth.
And I thought it looked so cool.
I'm, I'm very happy about this.
Yeah, I thought it looked really good.
I mean, we are definitely looking into, of course, picking it up.
So we'll see what happens.
Yeah, for sure.
I was really excited about that.
Um, let's see some other, uh, games that were announced as well.
Um, they talked more about blood stained and what that has in
store for it for the rest of 2020.
They're continuing development on that game.
Um, I think one other thing I want to mention, uh, for sure is the
arcade one up machines, because I know some people are getting into
collecting those and we know that they, you know, they're going to have a
pinball, we knew that was coming, but they unveiled a Marvel pinball
table that they're doing.
They're also doing a Ms.
Pac-Man cabinet, uh, and compilation.
They're also doing an X-Men versus street fighter cabinet, uh, that will
include Marvel versus street fighter and Marvel versus Capcom.
That's going to be a highly desirable one, I'm sure.
And they're doing a big buck Hunter cabinet for, you know, that crowd.
Um, that's actually pretty, uh, pretty cool.
Like the gun cabinets that, that opens the door for like, Hey, can
we get like a time crisis or can we get a house with a dead cabinet?
Point blank, point blank here.
I'll take a time crisis slash point blank game.
Um, and maybe those are a little bit more to emulate.
Um, but like, I'm surprised.
Well, I guess, you know, the stuff that they had in there, um, cause
Marvel or just Capcom, that's not CPS too, I don't believe.
Um, I don't know.
I'm excited to see like the different things that they're going to
have available for that stuff.
So, um, I'm curious more of these like unique cabinets that come out.
Um, I do want to quickly say this as well on the arcade one up front.
So y'all know that, um, my birthday, well, maybe you don't know, but my,
I'm to tell you, my birthday's coming up at the end of the month.
This year's been a little crazy.
So I said, you know what, I'm going to do something crazy for my birthday
and buy myself something stupid.
So guess what?
Y'all I bought the burger time cabinet.
So next time when we are able to get together in person, again, I will
have a burger time one up cabinet in that arcade one up cabinet in the house.
And I'm actually really psyched about it.
So there is that.
Yeah.
Cool.
Uh, it's a bad dudes, uh, cause it's like a data East karate champ.
Uh, and I think there's one other one.
So it's like a data East cabinet.
Yeah.
It's a bad dudes will be cool too.
Um, so, uh, anything else, uh, other announcements, uh, Loki, uh, that we
wanted to touch on from that list or should we move on?
Uh, I think we can probably move on.
All right.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
that we have been playing that we've been playing.
This week, uh, amongst all these announcements, dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
Animal crossing.
What are your goals or like pattern?
Um, sorry, I didn't mean to cut off, but I'm just curious.
Like what, what do you, cause like I I've mentioned on the show before,
I'm getting to that point where I'm like, I feel like I'm running out
of things to do an animal crossing.
What, what do you kind of like, what is, what is your goals in animal crossing?
I guess, how do you keep yourself motivated in that game?
I don't have it.
I don't have any goals.
I just play and wander around because it's relaxing.
It was kind of a Zen thing.
Okay.
You don't, you don't have to have a goal for something to be fun.
No, I guess that's true.
I guess that's true.
I guess it's more like, you know, what, what motivates you to turn on the power
every day, but relaxing, escaping, I'm sure you do a lot of hanging with friends
and stuff, I mean, sometimes I just really prefer doing the run around and, you
know, being kind of by myself for a bit.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's nice.
Okay.
Uh, and then I'm sorry, you said Puzzled or what was the other game?
Oh no, um, uh, Patterned.
A bunch of new puzzles for Patterned got released, um, the Apple Arcade.
I mean, you can buy it, but I'm playing through Apple Arcade and I super like it.
It's very relaxing, gets my mind off of stuff and usually helps me regain some of
my focus when I'm having a really bad time.
Nice.
It's good.
I'll, I'll, I'll try to put it on camera for a little bit while y'all are talking,
but that's really all I've been playing.
Okay.
Um, then if that's it for Dark Sakura, uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, it was mainly Minecraft bedrock, um, still playing a lot on our
realm and doing a lot of stuff there.
So I ended up building an automatic slime farm, which involved me digging
out an entire chunk of space.
So that's 16 by 16 blocks.
And then I say it dug down at least, gosh, like 80.
So that took a very long time.
Plus when you constantly have slime spawning on you, that was not fun.
Uh, but I finished that today, so that was good.
And then, uh, just more kind of playing around with that with kids.
And then, uh, played a little bit of Orna this week and that's about it.
I have also been playing a crap ton of Orna, um, which of course we've talked
about the game many times on this show, but it's like the real world.
Uh, but it's very, very inspired by an APID RPG, but I finally got the 2 million
Orns it takes to up, uh, unlock one of the higher level classes.
Oh my God, that took forever.
And now I'm looking at like the next batch is like three and a half million.
And I'm just like, oh no.
Oh my God.
But at least, oh my God, it has made my survivability so much better.
Like I don't die in one hit anymore.
It takes at least three hits to kill me now.
So there's that.
Um, and then I've been to continuing in Xenoblade.
Uh, I'm probably about 10 hours in with Xenoblade, which means I've barely made
any progression cause that game is forever.
No, I'm, I'm in chapter five, uh, for anybody that knows that game and I'm,
I'm enjoying it and that's kind of like my, uh, you know, kind of like finding
your game to kind of like chill out to right now, like Xenoblade's been good
for that because, um, there's so many, like if I don't want to do the main
story, there's so many side quests and things to do.
I feel like I could play that game for like three minutes and still feel like I
did something because I did one of the side quests in the game, which a lot of
RPGs can't really claim that.
So that's one thing I'm finding that I really like about Xenoblade and why I
think the switch is a great system for that to be on.
Um, you know, despite all the weird releases that that game has had
previously, and now I understand a little better as well why it came out on the
3DS and I know I, I, I was more upset about the whole new 3DS result, 3DS
thing, but I understand a lot more now why that game made a good 3DS candidate.
So I will, I will concede that years later for what it's worth.
Um, and then otherwise I still am playing animal crossing because Alan is still
very like, you know, does a lot and I help him out and you know, like my
turnip prices were lower than his this morning.
So he came over, Oh, I, I, my, my price has spiked.
I, I finally was the popular girl this week.
Cause I had the four 70 turnip price and all I had to do was make a post on my
Facebook.
I didn't even get around to doing groups.
I had friends that I didn't even know played animal crossing that were like,
can I come sell?
Can, can, um, my, my, I didn't even see your post.
Dan told me, Oh yeah, cause Dan saw it.
Dan was the, Dan was the first person to comment that you went into what, what the
next day I could have sold for six 70.
Oh, that's always, it's so hard to determine.
It's like the stock market.
When do I buy?
When do I sell?
Yeah.
Right.
So, um, but yeah, I had, I had a lot of people come through, uh, to buy for that.
I just pretty much left my switch on and I wanted to make sure that it wasn't going
to be flooded with people.
And I think that's one reason I really try to make sure my friends would get
through first because like I was able to, like it was at most, I think like three
people were there at one point.
And I think that was actually when you were there, Jamie, like I think my buddy
Abra was there and one other might've showed up there when you were there.
And that was it.
Like, you know, that was, yeah.
So one of the things like when I open up for anything like that is I just flat out
say, um, you know, uh, cause you know, I've got my big group, all I do is say,
um, Send me a message and I'll let you in.
And I don't let more than four in at one time because I hate having it interrupted
when I'm in the middle of something.
Yeah.
And I know there's websites that facilitate that as well, but for, and I
could have used like Turnip Exchange or something, but I feel like there's
something more personal about like, Hey, message me and you know, that's, I don't,
I don't need a 99,000 bell tip.
I mean, I won't say no, but I don't need it.
I just, just have an excuse to say hi to me.
You know what I mean?
So, yeah.
All right.
Uh, as far as other games that I've been playing this week, um, you know, same,
same old, same old on the PC, been playing Final Fantasy 14 still.
And, uh, yeah, uh, just keeping myself entertained with that.
So we will move on to some longer news here.
So let's get to our first story tonight.
Uh, outside.
I mean, we've already talked a lot tonight, but our first maybe
non press conference story, uh, has to do with leaks, right?
Logie.
Yeah.
So, uh, I was actually going to mention too real quick since you brought up the
switch, um, so our switch at home, the SD card slot is jacked up.
Oh no, that's probably because it's because their design of how they
designed the whole system is really stupid.
They've got the board that has the micro SD card.
It's just, there's like a little connector that just held in by
pressure and doesn't snap in or anything.
And so it, that originally was loose and it was causing it to not work all the time.
Now it just doesn't work at all.
So I ordered replacements, at least it's only 20 bucks to fix it, but it's still
super annoying that I've had to repair so many things on this switch already.
Anyway, so that aside, uh, let's talk about leaks.
So, um, earlier this week, Star Wars squadrons had a wonderful little banner
that appeared on the Xbox store and, um, basically leaked that, Hey, there's
a new Star Wars game coming.
And of course, because of that now, uh, EA has announced that yes, there will be
a reveal trailer that's going to be coming at 8 PM Pacific time on June 15th.
So you can check that out, but it does look like it's going to be kind of, um,
uh, similar to the X-wing TIE fire series.
So I don't know if it's mainly like kind of a flight SIM game, but, uh, it looks
interesting, so I guess we'll check that out tomorrow when that comes out.
Um, and then also with that as well, there's a, there was a listing for UFC
four on the PlayStation four patch database.
Um, so apparently EA is having all sorts of trouble keeping
their secrets, uh, this week.
But I guess we'll expect some announcements soon.
They've got their EA play event, I think pretty soon.
Uh, that's supposed to be at the end of this week on the 18th.
So I guess we'll see all those announcements officially then.
All right.
Yeah.
I know the EA, the EA thing is coming up.
Uh, so yeah, more, more stuff in the next week.
But leaks are an inevitable part, inevitable part of E3, aren't they?
Yes.
It's almost like we're in real E3 again.
All right.
Except it's, it's faux E3 anyway.
Um, so, uh, before we move on to the next, uh, story, uh, Dark
Sakura, I know you've got work things going on tomorrow and I'm sorry.
You can't stay longer tonight.
Um, but I know you wanted to say good night and, uh, all that good stuff.
So thank you for being here as always.
Um, any parting words for our audience tonight?
Uh, just in a couple of weeks, I'm going to be back on a much
easier to deal with schedule.
Um, so this won't last too much longer that I have to pop out early.
And this is, I just have things I need to take care of before work tomorrow.
So sorry about it.
All right.
Sounds good.
It's always, it's always good to have you here, even if just for a little bit,
Dark Sakura, we look forward to, uh, uh, a couple of weeks and we
can keep you here until midnight.
Oh, trust me that that's coming, uh, right at the beginning of, uh, gosh, I
think it's actually starting next month.
I'll have to know it's starting August.
I'm so stupid, but still, it is what it is.
No worries.
No worries.
All right.
Well, be sure to say hello to our chatters because there's a lot of
kind words for you out there in chat.
So, um, take care of my friend and have a great night.
You too.
Love y'all everybody.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
Um, so, uh, meanwhile, let me go to the next story here.
And, uh, the video, the video may look a little funky for you guys.
As soon as Dark Sakura disconnects, it's going to mess up my discord layout,
but just bear with me, I'll fix it as soon as I can, but I want to get to the
next story here that has to do with, unfortunately, some more Nintendo
accounts have been breached.
This is an addition to what we heard about before, but apparently another
140,000 accounts were breached in April.
Uh, Nintendo, of course, already earlier, uh, probably about a month ago, talked
about that 160,000 accounts were breached in the hack and they've added
another 140,000 to that total.
So that's about 300,000 accounts.
Um, although Nintendo is kind of trying to say now, well, that's only 1%
of all the Nintendo network users.
All right, whatever.
The moral of the story is whether you're part of this 1% or not, make
sure you change your Nintendo password.
That's probably a good idea.
Make sure your Nintendo password is not your bank password
or your email password.
Like you really should have a separate email for everything, but at least
your bank and your email, because without those two things, you're
going to be really unhappy.
Like I can live without Nintendo for a little bit while I get it fixed.
I can't live without the other two.
So just make sure you're using unique passwords there.
Um, so yeah, that's.
I did, but they, I'm not hearing maybe, maybe there's more details.
If I dig through this announcement, except it's in the Japanese, uh, sites,
I don't know, like what all the specifics are, but I'm not sure like
why they just suddenly found more.
Did you hear anything on that?
Loki?
Um, no, I don't know why they found more.
I know originally when they were talking about the original leaks, it was supposed
to be like a smaller subset of the users.
I don't know if it's because, you know, other sites were like compromised and
maybe they found that, you know, the passwords from that other
people use, I don't know how they may have figured it out, but.
It's weird that we're finding out more of these coming out.
So now, you know, 300,000 accounts total, and it's kind of ridiculous.
So I guess we'll, I guess we'll find out, or maybe they just won't tell us
how, how they figured that out, but I don't know, I don't like when it
trickles out like that, because that was kind of like that whole, um, you
know, Equifax stuff, it's like, oh yeah, it was only this many, or Facebook.
It was only like, it was only like half a billion.
Okay.
No, 1 billion or the Yahoo email.
Actually, it was everybody on the whole fucking site.
It was the whole goddamn site.
Anyway.
Uh, very good point by SGA 100 Matt in our chat room over at Twitch TV slash
VOG network as 200 Matt says, sign up for the two factor authentication word.
Two factor authentication is great and pretty much any bank.
I mean, maybe local banks don't use it, or I can't speak for every credit
union in the world, but just about every big bank is, has a two factor
auth available at this point.
Uh, and certainly all of the major email providers, uh, have two
factor auth and seriously use it.
Um, you'll, you'll thank me later.
Although I'm sure many people listening to this show are
already doing that, right?
I would hope so.
All right.
Um, now Jamie was going to talk about this, uh, for us, but we
ran along a little bit here, so I don't know, uh, I've heard a little,
I've heard a little bit about this Loki.
I'll try to hit on the big points here and you can help me fill in the gaps.
But, uh, Warner brothers interactive, who also is over rock steady,
which is a Batman Arkham.
And they're also over nether realm, which is mortal combat.
Apparently they're up for sale.
Um, I had no idea that they were something that was being put on the
market, but apparently the parent company of Warner AT&T is talking about a big
sale, uh, AT&T got Time Warner for 109 billion in 2018, this was a part of that.
Obviously Time Warner is much more than a game developer, right?
Uh, what, right?
Yeah.
How many movies have you seen with the Warner brothers logo in the beginning?
Or they're a big cable provider as well.
Right.
So they're a big, big company.
Games is one part of that.
Um, but investors have been saying, Hey, Warner, you need to sell off some of
your like non-core business, which for, I guess the games for whatever reason,
fall into that anyway, some of the suitors that have expressed interest.
The ones you would expect EA and blizzard, uh, Activision blizzard,
excuse me, uh, have expressed interest as well as take two entertainment, uh,
have all expressed interest in possibly buying the game division, but
nothing has been finalized yet.
So, um, apparently IPs that are movie IPs that tie into games.
So like the Batman IP, the Harry Potter IP are not inherently a part of the deal,
but they could still be part of licensing.
And if I'm not mistaken, EA has made Harry Potter games in the past.
They have.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they can license that or work that out, but just because they buy Warner
doesn't mean they're going to automatically get Batman and Harry Potter
and the things that tie into the Warner movie side of things.
So, uh, these types of sales and business are complicated to say the least.
Yeah.
And I don't think it matters which studio purchases them because, um, I don't know
all big AAA studios nowadays are kind of shitty anyway, so I guess it doesn't
matter which, which one should we, you know, uh, which one should we pick?
Uh, well, it would just be a matter of how much are they allowed to
run independently as well, you know?
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess if I was going to pick one of the three or the least, uh,
favorite of the three, I would say EA, um, only because of their track record of
taking studios and then closing them down after they've milked them to death.
So I would rather have, you know, Activision or take two in that sense.
Um, but who knows?
I'm laughing because I'm very happy that Mr.
Smoosh has a friend in who loves to wine when the microphone's hot every single
time.
Like she's always screaming in here.
Chat.
That's not smush.
That's not smush.
No, that's Stella.
You know, quite literally comes in the room and starts yelling all the time.
Not because she doesn't have food.
She literally has her, her kibble with a can of soft food on top of it.
So I don't know what she's complaining about.
And now she's going back to eat.
She just like, lets us know that, Hey, I'm in the room.
I'm, I'm unhappy for some reason.
Smoosh heard his name.
So Alan brought him in for cameo.
There you go.
That's why he didn't like getting picked up.
All right.
Uh, anyway, and the chat is lighting up smoosh, smoosh, smoosh.
Okay.
Uh, anyway, uh, let's move on.
Uh, Loki, what do you have for us next?
All right.
So, uh, the Sims players are holding virtual black lives matter rallies.
Um, so there's a modder and streamer at Daniel, uh, Ebonics Sims.
I can't pronounce the last name.
Uh, they started in, in game black lives matter rally.
Uh, apparently last weekend and it's been still going strong for a while.
Um, neat.
I mean, I guess everybody's been doing different types of things.
I remember we talked about NBA 2k last week with, um, giving out some of the
different skins and stuff for that.
There's people holding, holding protests and that.
So it's kind of cool to see people expressing themselves in different games.
Um,
man, this is, this is also where like your, your, um, player base is coming up
with this and it's not necessarily something like in the cases we were
talking about last week, you had publishers and developers that were, you
know, putting the message into the games, which is great.
This is something that's very organic.
That's grown out of the player base.
And so we see this in the Sims and you know, although I don't have an example
in front of me, I would be hard pressed to believe, uh, believe that this isn't
happening in games like world of Warcraft, final fantasy, actually, I feel like
there was a parade in final fantasy, um, at some point recently, um, yeah,
where I'm just trying to, I don't want to misappropriate it to this
particular movement when it's not.
Um, but we have seen that these, these games are capable of
that from their communities.
And so seeing that grow into, cause you know, uh, there's a lot of people
that don't, that they, they want to protest, but for whatever reason,
they're not able to physically be out there protesting.
And that could be because of physical needs.
That could be because of COBA, COBA, COVID and, uh, uh, immunocompetent.
Why can't I speak tonight?
I'm so sorry.
Uh, COVID and immunocompromised individuals and so forth.
So I feel like the digital, um, protests are a great way for people to kind
of participate without when they're not able to participate out there in
the real world, if that makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everybody kind of has their own different ways of, you know,
the activism and so forth.
And, and certainly, you know, a, a, a movement like this, a protest in the
Sims, it gets people's attention.
Um, and lately here we are talking about it here.
It is a story running across all the gaming blogs this week.
You know, we talk about things that are on Twitter and on game blogs and so forth.
So it is succeeding in that element.
Um, so I think it's pretty cool to watch that stuff.
So, yeah.
All right.
Um, SSG100Matt says, I remember seeing stories of funerals for
players on wow and final fantasy.
Yeah.
And that's, you know, again, the community coming together for, you know, in this
case, the, the players that have deceased, but I'm sure there's a lot of, you know,
we, and we talked about this last week as well, too, people doing activism in
animal crossing, changing town flags, uh, doing screenshots of their own
types of activism and so forth.
You know, everybody's got their different way.
Um, so it's, it's interesting to see how video games, you know, again, if you want
to say video games are art, it's interesting to see how this art, this
movement is creating these new types of artistic expression.
Uh, and it's pretty cool.
So, all right.
And we will mention it later in the show as well, but, um, you know, we're still
kind of, cause this, this whole movement is far from over.
So please, uh, continue to pay attention to the bottom ticker bar.
We do have some resources there for you guys.
Uh, if you are interested in learning more about it, or you're interested in
making a donation, um, to the black lives matter movement, uh, there is some
information that scrolls on the bottom of the screen.
Also, we'll mention it again later in the show, but there's like 48 hours left or
something like that in that itch IO bundle.
So if you're like, what is like one easy thing I as a gamer can do right now?
Well, here's, here's a good start.
So there's the, I mean, don't, don't let that be your only thing, but here's a
good start is that itch IO bundle is still available, uh, for like 48 more
hours.
And probably I'm giving it too much time with that.
Uh, and that's a great thing.
And if you can spare it, don't just give $5 for like 1500 games.
See if you can at least double it, you know, 10 bucks, maybe you can do 20, 25.
Or do it.
I mean, it's great.
And if you've already purchased it, then you, um, you get those as well.
So, but like, Gosh, I can't imagine like all the things to play in that it's just
amazing.
Uh, hype mayhem in chat asks a good question that is worth bringing up.
And that is a, okay, stupid question time.
Isn't the whole point of a protest to make your stance known to politicians and
or police and in real life protest does that since it's visible, won't the in
game protests not be visible to politicians and cops?
It's not always just about that crowd of the politicians and the decision makers.
I mean, certainly that's an important part of it, but I think a big part of
that is also each other and that visibility with each other.
We talked a little bit about this last week.
Um, and that is that I think part of the importance of being an ally is being able
to talk to other people in positions of privilege about what is going on and why
they should care because black people generally are tired of having to do so.
So that's why allies need to step up and have those difficult conversations because
we are, uh, in a position with privilege to be able to do that.
So that being said, it's not just about police and politicians, it's about
spreading the message with each other.
And I think the protest that we see in these games are getting the attention.
I mean, we just mentioned it's all over video game blogs and all of this.
Now it is getting attention of a crowd that may otherwise not be paying enough
attention to what is going on or have the privilege to be able to, uh, I'm just,
I'm not paying attention to this.
This is just, this is too much.
I don't, I don't, I don't care about what's going on.
Well, the reason why, and you may not like that word privilege, but the reason why
we use that word is because you have the privilege to be able to do that.
You have the privilege to be able to turn it off.
Not everybody gets to turn it off.
And that's the point.
So something to think about.
So anyway, um, but I think, I think that was a very fair question.
And, uh, you know, there you go.
That's the answer.
It's about bringing visible, at least from my perspective, I'm sure other
folks will have answers as well, but it's about bringing visibility to each other
and not just those in a position of power, but real quickly, and I know when we get
to the next story, but, um, we are also in a day and age where more and more
politicians are gamers too, like we all know AOCs playing animal crossing
and stuff like that, right?
I'm sure she's not the only politician who happens to be a gamer and read game.
I know she's, we had that one politician who was, uh, fraudulently spending money
on steam, so you have all sorts of gamers out there in politics, but my point is,
is that, you know, as we spread the message to each other, it gets to the
decision makers, it gets to the politicians, because again, part of that
continued activism is saying something both at the ballot box and to your
representatives.
So there you go.
Um, and there's some, um, there's some good comments in chat that kind of follow
that as well.
Fifth dream today says it got publicity.
It's noticed by people who say the stuff on the web.
It could change minds.
Uh, quest buster says they keep the protest visible and continue to raise
awareness, which is still an important part of the message.
A few streamers even did black lives matter, charity streams.
Yeah.
So, and they, thank you for the kind words about me summing it up there.
I'm always like, God, I don't want to get this wrong, but I try to speak from here
where I can and, and usually that leads me to the right answer.
All right.
Let's move on.
We got more stories for you, uh, including, uh, news about a Skyrim mod.
That's going way beyond just being a mod anymore.
Um, so for Skyrim, uh, there is a mod out there called the forgotten city,
I believe is the name of it.
Uh, and it is a, a Skyrim mod that has, you know, gotten a lot of
achievements and praise and so forth.
Um, apparently it even won a writer's guild of America award.
I had no idea.
Pretty cool.
How did that happen?
I that's cool though.
Um, it is now being its own game, so it's no longer going to be like dependent on
Skyrim and it's going to launch this winter.
Um, so the forgotten city has gotten a lot of props and the Elder Scrolls
community for having its own rich story experience.
Um, The developer is modern storyteller.
The publisher is dear villagers, and they're talking about a mature
narrative driven game with this.
And the trailer actually debuted as part of the PC gaming show.
So I know we didn't discuss it earlier, but I think it's important to point out,
Hey, this was born as a, uh, mod for Skyrim, just like 50 shades of gray
was born from Twilight fanfic.
It's just like that, right?
Loki.
Um, let's just compare it to maybe like, um, you know, say Dota two or something
else, you know, I like that Loki's like, maybe that's not the comparison
we want to use right now.
Okay.
All right.
I'll give you that.
This is going to be good versus, you know, 50 shades of gray, which was terrible.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Team fortress two was born of a quake mod.
All right.
How about that?
Much better.
Yeah, much better.
All right.
Okay.
Uh, but anyway, uh, it's, so here we have another example of a modded
game turning into its own game and, uh, yeah, it's going to be out this winter.
And I think that's pretty cool.
So, yeah, I'm very excited to check it out.
Me too.
Um, and hopefully no one takes an arrow to the knee in that game.
Cause that line's played out.
Yes.
Yes.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, so, uh, dark soccer was going to talk about this next story and I think I'm
going to save it for, cause that's not something that is necessarily time
sensitive, even though the story came out this week, uh, and she asked us to go
ahead and skip the classic game of the week this week, I don't know.
Are we, are we able to just like find something on the fly?
Low key.
Uh, unfortunately the news this week was so top heavy.
We weren't able to get to where dark soccer, uh, could do
her classic game of the week.
Um, so now we're in this odd predicament where we don't have a game of the week.
But then I feel like, how can we go a week on the show and
not do a classic game segment?
So we need to kind of pick something live.
I think that we haven't done before.
Can we do that?
Um, I mean, anything is possible.
Like I know at one time when we were doing classic game, uh, or I was
picking one, there was a lot of backup, like, Oh yeah, that'd be great.
Let's, let's save that for another day.
You know, type of things.
Uh, uh, wait a minute, wait a minute.
You, you have mega Zeus in the background all night.
Well, now you have Pokemon.
Have we done mega Zeus?
Damn it.
We've done mega Zeus.
I thought we did.
Yeah.
It's, it's pretty close.
I mean, um, let me think, um, thinking on the fly here.
Uh, what about, and the other thing is I'm, we've had so many games.
I don't want to duplicate something.
You know what I mean?
Like we've picked so many games in the past.
I worry if I'm going to pick something, I'm going to duplicate it.
So I'm trying to think I'm using my brain and I'm trying to go way into
the archives of my brain, uh, and come up with a game, like maybe something
I've been playing on, um, ant stream or something.
Um, I have one and I know I do have one if you want to do it.
Okay.
Otherwise I actually see a suggestion in chat I could go with, to be honest.
Cause I don't think we've ever talked about this game and it is something
I could talk about memories for.
Okay.
Um, we can do that.
Um, I was going to pick Derby owners club.
Oh, Jamie will be so mad if we do that without her.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's a good pick.
All right.
I'm going to do the one that's chat picked.
Okay.
Okay.
So let me, wait, let me hurry up.
I'm going to bring up Safari here and find a YouTube clip of it real quick,
because this is a game I totally remember.
And somebody in the chat just picked this.
You said it in chat and I was like, oh hell yeah, that game.
Okay.
Hold on.
I'm trying to get to the YouTube.
Um, okay.
So this game I'm picking because I have memories of this game and I
have memories of this game and it was kind of like, um, it was kind of scary.
And, uh, I'm not sure all my memories of this game were necessarily good because
I remember being scared as hell by this game, because it was almost like a boo.
Uh, gotcha type of thing.
Uh, but the classic game I'm going to pick is Jurassic park on the super Nintendo.
So, oops.
And I hit the wrong button and now we don't have Safari.
Uh, gotta love doing it live here.
Okay.
Let me try this one more time.
So Jurassic park on the super Nintendo was a, there we go, was a game that was
made by, um, ocean, uh, and it was a tie-in to the, uh, of course the movie of the
same name and it was, it was interesting because it was like, you have this
overworld, like 2.5 D and for those watching on Twitch, you had this overworld
2.5 D mode, uh, where you're walking around and, uh, you know, trying to
make your way through the park.
Cause you're trying to escape and so forth.
Um, and then you had these segments of the game where you would actually go into
pens and it was actually like a first person game, which for the super Nintendo
at the time was very, very like rare.
You didn't see a lot of, cause you know, the super Nintendo was
all like Sprite driven graphics.
So this was kind of a hard thing to kind of drive on, um, a console, but first
person games, like this game came out in an era when like doom and Wolfenstein
and all that shit was the rage.
So, uh, I think this was kind of like to respond to that in some ways.
It's like, Hey, we can do a first person shooter as well, except it was with a
game like Jurassic park, which is almost kind of crazy in a weird, in a weird way.
Um, so anyway, this game came out in, uh, it was actually out in the UK first
and probably because it was developed, um, over there, uh, by ocean software.
Uh, and it was released on in October of 93.
Uh, but it came out here in North America just like weeks after that.
And then it actually came out in Japan, uh, in June the next year.
So it did see a worldwide release there.
Um, and you are playing as Dr.
Grant and you are, of course, the park is overrun by dinosaurs.
You have various weapons that you use to help combat the different dinosaurs.
Um, and then there's also ways that other characters in the
game can communicate with you.
Like you probably saw those little like polls and signs that people
were, uh, talking through and so forth.
Um, and then, yeah, the other like not so great things about this game, there
was no password feature in this game.
So if you couldn't beat this game in one sitting, then you were screwed.
Uh, it was, it was like Rygar on the NES in that fashion.
So yeah, there was no saves or any of that.
Um, and, um, yeah, you can, I'm sure if you really wanted to see somebody beat
this game, start to finish, there's playthroughs available now, I really want
somebody to get to the first person part of this, I was hoping they'd get to it.
Let me see.
I'm going to, uh, for those that are watching on Twitch, I'm going to do a
little hunt and pecking in this video here.
Oh, there we go.
There we go.
Cause I can see a little preview.
There we go.
Here's some of the scary first person stuff where now he's actually in one of
the, and you see, it's very inspired by like Wolfenstein 3D and then one of
those dinos comes out rawr is going to get you and you got to love how it's
like paired so that the story behind it is it's night vision goggles, but what
they're doing is that notice how it's a very small area of the screen relatively
compared to the other game footage we saw earlier, and that allows it to run
at an acceptable frame rate on the Super Nintendo, which still isn't great.
If you'll remember back to like the good old days of Wolfenstein 3D, that was one
of the options that they had screen size and like you could shrink that thing down
to like the size of a penny and, uh, it would run really fast because it's
rendering less area.
But yep, that's why.
Yeah.
Oh, boom.
Dinosaur came out of nowhere there.
So, yeah, no, it's very, that it's very like doom size down to like half the
screen so you can play it on an older machine.
That's what Jurassic Park looked like on the Super Nintendo.
Um, but, uh, it was cool because there was nothing like it on the Super Nintendo.
Like the only other thing I can think of was like Faceball 2000.
You remember when that game was getting a lot of hype and it's like, that game
was, that game was kind of fucking garbage.
Like the only reason people were into it was because it was first person.
And that was a new novel thing that was like just coming out in, in the nineties,
like around 94 when this game came out was right around when doom was
coming out and all of that.
So, Ooh, and there's, here's the sequence where you really do have night vision
goggles and everything is tinted green.
It's kind of a cool effect.
Uh, now one thing I think is, is notable about this as well is that, uh, it used
like, uh, like it was like a surround sound type of game.
Uh, and I remember that logo being on the screen when you would launch the game.
And it was because of these sequences, you could hear the dinosaurs moving on the
left channel or the right channel, which might not sound like a big deal in this
day and age, cause you know, now that's, but like again, in 94, like full stereo
in your games was a new thing.
And especially in these more intense sequences, if you will, um, where you are,
um, uh, in the first person mode, very different, by the way, I want to point
out the super Nintendo version of this game, very different than the Genesis
version.
They, they have hardly anything different developers, different ideas.
So I think it's a variable because like, you might be thinking, I played Jurassic
Park and it is nothing like what Rob is talking about.
That's because the super Nintendo and the Genesis games were very different.
I think the Genesis one was generally better received, but the super Nintendo,
I don't think it was really received well by critics because of some of these
drawbacks I've talked about already, but I also feel like it's one of those things.
Oh, it's going to play an ad.
So I'm just going to go back to that.
I was going to say, and I don't know if you noticed, but like it mentioned that
you can click the left or right mouse button.
That's because it supported the mouse that came with Mario Paint.
It did, it did support that.
And I was trying to, there was something about the super FX chip as well.
Um, Oh no, it, they were replicating the effects of the chip in the super
Nintendo hardware.
Uh, that's what they were saying about developing the game.
So it's this game, even though I don't think it was critically like well
received, I still feel like, like you look at chat, like, you know, since I
brought up this game, there's a lot of people in chat that are like, heck yeah,
this game, I remember this game.
Oh yeah.
And this stuff.
So I feel like maybe like a cult type of video game, like the people that played
it, remember it because it was so like, I mean, it tied into like, what was the
biggest movie of the decade, probably well, because Titanic was 99.
So maybe that, but, um, but still like it tied in not just to that nostalgia,
but like all these different type of things you weren't really seeing in other.
So I think for those reasons, it's notable as a classic game, especially
for something that we are completely pulling out of our ass tonight.
Um, well, thanks to the help of chat because as that, as that was the one
that Chad, that I was like, Oh yeah, I, I, uh, I forgot about that one.
So, um, yeah, that's a good pick.
Here it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Presto.
Uh, uh, Rob's choice with the help of chat, Jurassic park, uh, on the super Nintendo.
So we'll, we'll get the actual, uh, game that dark soccer had intended to do tonight.
We'll do that next week.
We'll roll that over.
Uh, fifth dream today in chat says pulled out of your Jurassic.
Yes, I like that.
Good, good, good.
All right.
Let's move on and do some rapid fire news.
Uh, Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about what's coming to game pass in the month of June.
So, uh, the first notable thing is that you're getting a lot of kingdom hearts.
Uh, so yes, get your, uh, kingdom hearts ready.
So you've got birth by sleep.
Um, kingdom hearts, one final mix re chain of memories, uh, 358 slash two days, uh, kingdom hearts to final mix birth by sleep, final mix recoded, uh, dream drop distance, HD birth by sleep and a fragmentary passage.
And then of course, uh, kingdom hearts X back cover.
And then along with kingdom hearts, uh, you're going to be getting, uh, Bard's tail remastered and Reese snarled on console and PC, uh, battle fleet Gothic armada two on PC.
Battle tech on PC.
Uh, it looks like dungeon of the endless on console and PC.
And then let's see, no man's sky on console and PC.
And finally, uh, throne breaker on console.
So those are all going to be out by the end of this week.
Real quick.
I knew I forgot something during my gaming week and I want to enhance on this a little bit because I had cut the story because I intended to talk about it during my gaming week and then forgot.
So, uh, one of the games, thanks to game pass, I played this week was I played no man's sky on Xbox.
And so did I end up playing no man's sky on the, on a third system for the third time?
Yes, I did.
So I've now, I bought the PlayStation four version.
I bought the PC version so I could play with Alan because cross play didn't exist back then.
But then the new, the big news this week, we have cross play now.
So I didn't have to do that.
And now I played the Xbox version just because I have game pass.
Why the fuck not?
Let's complete the trifecta.
So I did play on Xbox and I will say it was probably the worst of the three because, well, here's why, here's why.
I have a regular Xbox one.
Uh, I have a PlayStation four pro.
So to be fair, I imagine what I'm playing is the same thing that a regular PlayStation four user gets.
But with the little extra oomph in the pro, I'm seeing something a little better than the, and then of course my PC is in pretty good shape.
So what I see there is really good.
Like that's probably the best of all of them.
Um, so that's the only reason.
So if you have an Xbox one X, uh, you will probably have a completely different experience.
It wasn't bad.
Like again, if you don't have no man's sky on any of the other systems and you have game pass, should you skip it on Xbox?
Because I'm sitting here saying, no, get it.
It's still worth your time.
And it's a, it's a good game.
It's just, I definitely noticed like, Oh, the draw distance and some of the pop-ins not quite as fluid as the other systems I played this on.
But again, that is just because of my home setup.
If your home setup includes an Xbox one X or a regular PlayStation four or something, you are not going to have these same issues that I had.
So I say it's very well worth your time.
If you have game pass, you've never checked it out before.
So anyway, just, just wanted to throw that out there.
And then, um, in other news, we've got a new RPG maker coming.
So RPG maker MZ, uh, not much known about this yet, although there is a steam page for it.
And it's basically saying that, uh, it looks like there's the requirements for are a little bit more of substantial.
But other than that, don't really know, uh, what's exactly going to be involved with it, but, um, Oh, actually, no, there are some details on it.
So it looks like they just mentioned like different, I don't know.
A lot of this stuff mentions that they mentioned here.
It looks like kind of like all the other ones.
So they've got, you know, you can do a character generator, different events, map editor, uh, the usual trappings of a RPG maker.
I don't really, like I said, a lot of these, I couldn't, I couldn't tell you what the difference are between a lot of these different, um, uh, RPG maker programs.
But I'll be interesting to check it out and hopefully it comes out of sale and Humble Bundle or something like that.
Cause that's where I tend to buy all those and then never use them.
All right.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about, um, arcade archives.
You know, the arcade archives is a lot of the, uh, well, some people out there going the main games available on Nintendo switch, but hello, they're in Maine because these are arcade cabinets and things in the eighties and nineties.
So a lot of these old games have been re-released for the switch and PlayStation four, um, through this series known as arcade archives.
Well, arcade archives released their 100th game this past week.
And that was sunset riders.
Uh, that's a, that's a big game.
People remember on the, uh, uh, on the arcades, uh, big Konami game.
It was one of those, uh, like, like Ninja turtles, basically the Cowboys.
Okay.
That's what sunset riders was interesting to know.
And maybe you guys, okay.
So you guys know, I will always sing a Swan song and pour one out for Microsoft game room.
Y'all remember, y'all remember my love for Microsoft game room on the X-Box three 60.
All the old, do you know what the last game was they did in Microsoft game room sunset, right?
It was, there's a reason why I brought that up.
So sunset riders is a landmark game in a couple of places here.
So, um, anyway, is the 100th arcade archives, uh, to be released.
And, uh, there's some cool, uh, little art that hamster, the company that's put it all together is put out hamsters also pointing out, Hey, there's official Nintendo releases and arcade archives.
That's true.
And still to this day, super Mario brothers versus is like one of the best selling Nintendo switch games.
You go to the top games that are released, that game is still there.
So that's, um, that's good.
They've been having a lot of success with that.
And I'm sure a lot of people will be, um, uh, looking for that, uh, sunset riders release as well.
I already mentioned this a little earlier in the show.
It's important.
I'm going to mention it again.
I do want to congratulate itch.io as their bundle for racial justice and equality has passed $6 million in donations.
That is incredible.
The indie developer scene has rallied together in a historic fashion.
Quite frankly, I don't know of any other bundle.
That's been this big or this monumentous.
I mean, think about $6 million.
That's two times what summer games done quick did in their record.
And that's not, that is a hugely important thing that I would never speak ill of at all, but I'm trying to express the volume of what is happening here at itch.io.
And that is like, they have, they have doubled over what a summer games done quick would make with this bundle, 1500 items and counting in this bundle.
Um, one of the games they just added that I played last night for a little bit, uh, Loki, this would have to be a fave of yours too.
Cat lateral damage is in the bundle.
So if nothing goes, if, if the 1499 other games don't speak to you, let that one speak.
But trust me, there's plenty in here that will speak to you.
Let that one do the talking.
Cause I love cat.
Like I have that like three times over.
So I, cause I have it on a PlayStation, which it supports VR by the way.
And, um, I have it on steam as well.
So cool.
Anyway, it ends Tuesday, uh, all the money being raised going for the NAACP legal defense and educational fund and the community bail fund.
Um, so go head over to itch.io.
It's you can't miss it.
It's right there, front and center on the page.
They're only asking $5 for it, but I bet you could spare 10, 15, maybe 20, uh, maybe more, who knows how you're feeling.
And, uh, you could check out all those games and support a great cause who knows, maybe we'll get it up to 7 million by Tuesday.
Who knows?
Anything's possible.
Um, six point eight already.
Is it really, I was going to say last night, it was cause I admittedly, I was like, Oh yeah, I definitely need to get on that.
So, uh, and a tweet reminded me like, Oh yeah, that's not going to be around forever and you want to support those causes.
So get on it.
So I did that.
Um, and it was already at like 6.3 million.
So, uh, I'm not surprised at all to hear, uh, it will probably hit seven by the time Tuesday comes around.
So don't forget y'all.
Okay.
Um, yeah.
Uh, quest buster in chat says the itch IO bundle also kept growing, which is amazing from 700 something games to more than a thousand.
Yeah.
Like it's just like the, again, the indie developers have rallied together in a way.
There's Celeste in there.
I mean, Celeste is an awesome game as well that you probably would know.
And then, uh, one that I see a screenshot for here that I've been, I forgot all about, but I was following them when they were developing the game was sky road, which is kind of like
an old school, uh, flight SIM action game.
And I don't know, there's just so much good content in there that you should really pick it up.
2064 read only memories got added recently into that bundle.
Um, there's, there's so much octodad.
So if you're like, if you, if you want to see where, um, uh, bug snacks comes from, octodad is in there.
Uh, there's there, unless you are absolutely broke and just, and on a budget and cannot afford anything extra about that, you, you really owe it to yourself.
To kick some money in and it support a good cause for one, but check out all of these amazing indie games, um, as a, as a two.
So, all right.
And yeah, questmaster also points out there are assets in there.
There are tools, tile sets, PDF, RPG books from Indies.
There are loops, musical loops that got my attention as well.
Hundreds of board games.
So, and all for a great cause.
So fantastic.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Let's check out what's going to be coming to stores, uh, near you in the near future.
So Loki, how about the U S so we've got a persona for golden that's coming out on PC.
Uh, actually, I'm sorry that came out yesterday.
I think they, I think that was a surprise.
It's today.
Yeah.
So, um, okay.
So this week we've got Desperados three that's on PC PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Uh, uh, disintegration on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
We've got burnout paradise remastered on Nintendo switch.
And, uh, last but not least the last of us part two on PlayStation four.
Oh, we need to mention this at some point.
Um, because this is everywhere.
And for whatever reason, it didn't, like it didn't, it wasn't in a story
that we slotted in our show tonight.
But Bobby talked about this on his show tonight and I was like, oh yeah, this is
the thing I've been reading around on Twitter.
This is awesome.
Have you heard about the accessibility settings in the last of us too?
It's like, it's setting a new standard.
You, you can customize like everything in this game to meet your needs.
They actually, cause I saw, I don't know if Strelok still in chat, but I know he
was in there during Bobby black off and he was like a friend of mine actually
consulted on like a being able for a blind person to be able to play through
this game actually consulted so that somebody who's blind can play through
the last of us too.
That is the level of accessibility settings, where you want subtitles to
be, how big they are, how little they are.
Apparently you can do things with the difficulty where it's like, if jump
scares are going to be bad for you, you can like, and I'm like, Oh my God.
I, I consider myself somebody who's very fortunate to not usually have a need
for accessibility settings in many games.
But like to take out jump scares kind of does like, I don't like a lot of
horror games because of jump scares.
If I can get rid of that, it does make a game more accessible for me.
So like, I'm all about that.
So I just have to give a wink and a nod and a smile to how out
of their way it almost seems.
But then now that you see it, it's like, gosh, I hope this becomes the norm.
Uh, this company went with the accessibility features.
So a major, major props to the last of us part two for that.
So, all right.
Anyway, um, moving on to Japan and some of the releases over there.
We have a lot of releases this week on June 18th.
And I think it's because we've had a couple of weeks with no releases.
So we're finally getting caught up this week.
Um, Harukanaru Toki no Naka de Seven, uh, is coming out this
week from Koei Tecmo in Japan.
Uh, there's also Haruka Beyond the Stream of Time is also out as well.
Uh, we also have a game called Variable Barricade is out as well.
Mud Runner, American Wilds.
And, uh, this game, uh, we were talking about last week, the Namkot Collection,
which is Namco, but when they were publishing in Japan in the early
eighties, they were Namkot.
That is out in Japan this week.
That's the one with the DMAKE of Pac-Man Championship Edition, which will
come out in the States a little later.
I'm sorry.
I said those were all PlayStation 4 releases.
Those are actually Switch titles.
Sorry.
I got them switched up.
So those are all Switch titles, but I imagine, yeah, on PlayStation 4, we're
going to see a very similar story.
Yeah.
It's like all the same shit on PlayStation 4.
Um, however, uh, we also have, of course, the last of us part two also
releasing in Japan this week.
So there's that they have a special PlayStation 4 pro to go with that.
Cause we love our limited edition consoles there as well.
Uh, okay.
Namkot Collection is exclusive to Switch.
It is not in the PlayStation 4 releases.
So I'm glad I made that clarification.
Sorry guys.
All right.
Let's move on to the UK.
Loki.
All right.
So in the UK, we've got Desperados 3 coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox 1 and PC.
Uh, Disintegration is coming out on PC.
Uh, it looks like the, um, ease memory of Celceta on PlayStation 4 railway, uh,
railway empire on the Switch, Ion Fury on PlayStation 4 and the Switch, Minimoto
Racing X on PlayStation 4, Burnout Paradise Remastered on the Switch.
Uh, they're also getting the last of us a part two as well on PlayStation 4.
All right.
And apparently, yeah, I just noticed that the Pokemon sword and shield expansion
passes come out this week as well.
So, oh, yeah, that's right.
That's a big deal too.
And that would be Japan U S that's everywhere.
Yes.
Um, I know our, our pal friend of orange, Andrea here, Shane, who we talk about one
of my buddies, I play Final Fantasy 14 with a lot.
Um, I know he is getting geared up for that.
Uh, there's been a lot of events in the game with different shinies and I know on
his Twitter and he talks to me about this too, he's been collecting some of the
different, you know, Gigantamax and shinies and so forth, uh, in anticipation of the
DLC, which is apparently introducing some new Pokemon as well.
I think there's a Galarian Slowbro or the Evolve with Slowking.
One of those is getting a new Galarian form.
So there are some new Pokemon coming out, uh, as well in the DLC.
So that's pretty exciting.
All right.
This is the part of the show where we would open up the mailbag over at
participate at orange lounge, radio.com.
Although last I looked just before showtime, we didn't have any emails and
I'm checking now, uh, because sometimes we get them right at the top of the show.
No, none, none came in.
So everybody was feeling a little quiet this week.
That's okay.
Um, so participate at orange launch radio.com is the place to send your emails that
we will consider reading in a future week.
In the meantime, we have a few more news stories for you guys to talk about.
So Loki.
Yes.
So there is a game, um, that Ubisoft is developing called gods and monsters that
accidentally, uh, was uploaded to Stadia.
And apparently of course, you know, it's not finished yet.
So one of the things, um, once down and I guess, apparently you, you could play a
development build of the game and they had temporary character models and assets
that were from assassin's creed filling in as well, um, basically it says
regretfully on Thursday morning, we mistakenly made an E3 2019 demo version
of gods and monsters from Ubisoft available on Stadia store, and that was
not intended for the public to play.
A few hundred gamers were able to play it for less than 30 minutes.
We sincerely apologize to our partners at Ubisoft for this mistake.
And that was from, uh, Google, uh, that actually made that booboo there.
Um, interesting.
Um, it's kind of funny that, uh, you know, some of that stuff happens, but they
said that apparently though they're looking at, uh, they're going to probably
have, you know, announced some more details by the end of the summer.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see what is going on with that, but kind of
cool if you were one of the few hundred people that able to actually play that
for a short period of time, you know, what this whole thing kind of made me
think of though, especially with this being E3 week and all, you know, one of
the more memorable E3s, I think we all remember was that year when, um, now I
think, I think you, me and Jamie were all there in person that year.
I think it was 2005 or 2006.
No, maybe it was right after that.
Might've been one of the airport years, because I just remember that on the
Xbox 360, they did that whole E3 at home thing and you could download all these
demos on your 360 and they were 2006.
Was it 2006?
Okay.
It was that year.
So yeah, it was lost planet, MotoGP 6 and something else.
I don't remember.
That was really cool.
And a lot of us thought that was a really neat way to kind of participate
with the E3 experience.
Um, even if we couldn't actually be at E3 and so forth.
So my point is now that we live in this day and age of cloud streaming games and
being able to play games on the cloud and so forth, um, especially when it was noted
that, Hey, this game was supposed to be for developers.
It was like an internal thing.
It was supposed to be a preview, you know, that whole type of thing.
It's not done yet.
Like, why couldn't we roll demos out like this?
Like, they're never going to do that again.
Why?
And the reason for that is because they, what they'll do is they will show
gameplay footage that they'll stream gameplay footage that they have control
over because they can control the experience.
And then that way they can control weather so that you don't see bugs.
So you don't see, you know, partially developed gameplay.
Um, it, they have a way that they can control the narrative a lot easier than
if they were to develop demos to release on these platforms.
And unfortunately it, it takes more development time to put out these vertical
slice demos and stuff to show off.
It would be cool to see that, but I don't think we're going to see AAA publishers
doing this anytime soon at all.
Um, it's just not the way that they do business anymore, especially now that we
have these large scale, you know, streaming events, they can just stream
gameplay, get people hyped up about it and just go from there.
They, they don't need to have a demo put out there where people can pick it apart
and complain about how it's terrible because it's, you know, work in progress
and that type of stuff.
So, yeah, unfortunately we're never going to see that again.
Your, your answer is logical.
It makes complete sense.
Loki that being said, I don't like it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's just the way the industry is.
I don't like it either.
Yes.
I would like, I don't want to, I don't want to, I want to go back to what it was.
No, you're right.
You're right.
That it's, it's development time and deadlines for a demo that, uh, sometimes
is poorly received and ends up affecting the game as a result.
I get all that there, but there's that part of me and you know, people on Twitter
and a lot of gamers like this, why can't they just do a time demo of the real
product or why can't they do level one?
They don't have to, they don't have to tailor it that much.
Loki.
You can get that now with a lot of these games that go the whole, um, early access
route.
So, I mean, it's, there's, there's a lot of opportunity to play stuff early and
there's even, you know, for example, if these studios are willing to develop,
you know, Substantial demos for their products.
Um, one that I keep talking about, uh, was it that I have wishlets on steam.
And I was talking about it earlier this week.
I pointed out as well is a game called one dreamer.
They have one dream or prologue that you can go play for free.
It's the opening act for the game and gives you a really good idea of what it's
going to be like.
And I think it's a great game and definitely worth checking out.
Um, but that that's something that they've put together a demo for.
So I think it depends.
Like if I, a lot of indie developers want to get their, you know, games out there
and get, you know, the, um, word of mouth traveling about it.
And so they're more willing to spend the time, I think, to put together a vertical
slice of their game so that people can check it out.
But there's a lot of ways nowadays to be able to check out games in progress.
Whereas back in 2006 and 2005, you may have just had like a lot of the game
demo discs and stuff like that.
Um, you didn't really have games streaming or anything like that to be
able to see in progress stuff.
It was, you know, what showed up in a magazine or what you saw on IGN or
something like that during, uh, E3, or in this case, you were able to play a demo.
I wish they would still do more of that, but it's just not going to happen because
you know, they've had it bite them too many times where people even at E3 see
a demo of a game and they immediately judge a game by the demo, knowing that
it's not finished and they're like, well, it's terrible.
I'm not going to buy this, you know?
So, um, and then you also have the folks that like EA that want to sell you a demo
for, you know, 30 days in advance for monthly fees.
So I think we can count on indie game devs to, um, you know, fulfill that need
for us, but unfortunately we're not going to see that widespread.
Okay.
I will, and, and, uh, as Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, Rob has gone full of
Rook assault fair, but I will concede that point because this, this seems to
happen a lot in the industry where the AAA developers have gone and moved on.
The indie developers are here to save the day.
So you're right.
If I want to play some more demos, I bet there is a crap ton of indie stuff out
there that I need to be better about looking for and supporting.
So I think that's a good message to leave things on.
I I'm just still shocked with this technology, Logie.
All right.
Uh, the fifth dream today in our chat says, remember the PlayStation VR demo disc.
Yes.
I guess they've updated that several times too.
Yeah.
It's digital now.
There's like three different versions of it, right?
Yeah.
Well, it's digital now and they keep updating the titles in it.
Cause obviously, you know, some of the titles in there are pretty old.
So, um, you know, they keep updating that and that's cool that they have VR
demos that I understand because, you know, you're getting into VR, you know, you may
have like a brand new headset or something like that and you don't have anything to
play, which was the case when I was playing the demo stuff.
And it's so gave me a good idea of like what I wanted to purchase, but you know, I
think a lot of those titles they're already complete and now they're just putting out
something because they knew they needed this demo disc.
It's not necessarily to showcase an upcoming game.
Um, VR is also a challenging.
Yeah.
I was gonna say VR is also a challenging thing where you can't just show VR on
YouTube.
You know, VR is something you kind of have to experience to see what's going to be
right for you.
Like I, I could say, I could play B roll of Tetris effect and show you what a cool
game Tetris effect is.
I can't describe for you.
I can't show you, I can't explain to you why Tetris effect is better in VR.
You just have to try it.
And like the PS, the demo disc is a way for you to try it.
I, and I say Tetris effect just because that's a favorite VR game of mine.
I don't think it's actually on any of these demos, but, uh, you know, it's a lot
of these games that they, they, they need a demo because it's really, truly the only
way you can see what the game really is.
Yeah.
Or like a rez was another area X.
Hell yeah.
Yeah.
Well, not even area X, but like, um, there's something, you know, Hey, area X,
is that going to become a full game?
I'd like to know something about that.
I always, I was convinced that area X was the prototype for rez too, that for
whatever reason, uh, they didn't believe there'd be enough of a market for, which
is sad, but I, I, I full on think area X was a demo for a rez too, or a rez VR
project that that's as far as they got basically.
And for, they didn't, they didn't get to see the full one to fruition, which is
sad because I fricking love rez.
So, all right.
Anyhow, let's talk about other technologies.
Uh, this one coming to the Microsoft Xbox, although it's, it's weird to call
this a new technology, it's just kind of one of those, Oh, it's just, your
machines are getting smarter.
So basically, um, the 25 digit codes that you may be used to having bundled in with
your console are not going to necessarily be there anymore.
This is like when you buy a console that has games.
Like when I did finally buy Xbox one, I got the one terabyte Xbox one that came
with halo anniversary collection, but it was a digital copy of halo anniversary
collection.
I had to put it into 25 digit code.
What's going to happen now moving forward through a program called digital direct is
that it's just tied to your Xbox.
Your Xbox already knows that you're entitled to this software and it just
shows up in a new section under your, my library section on your Xbox and that the
game will be right there waiting for you.
The first time I was going to say, honestly, I just thought it was, cause I
know that they have the QR codes with the stuff before I was just thought it was
the phone app and QR codes.
That's a great way to do it.
Yeah.
Cause the queue they were using when Xbox one was first, first out, it was QR codes
because they all had connect cameras and you would hold the QR code and up in the
connect camera would scan it.
Well, they could just have, they have an Xbox app, so just use a QR scanner through
your phone.
I mean, really smart phones, but I, in some ways this is even better.
Cause there's no code in a QR form or otherwise there's no codes.
Um, so that is, uh, something, uh, that is going to be unleashed with the cyberpunk
2077 Xbox one X that's coming out.
Uh, I think it just came out even though the game itself is not out till September,
but the console already knows you're entitled to the game.
I wonder if they're doing that through like a Mac address range or something
where like they know certain consoles manufactured, uh, are just entitled to
this.
I'm not sure what it really is.
What is it?
It's preventing resale.
It's because smart folks will sell the game separately from the console or try
to resell that stuff because that, that happened a lot.
And so it's the prevent resale.
That is an Intel.
Wow.
Loki with the facts tonight.
I hate it.
All right.
No, just kidding.
Uh, Bobby and chat says it's tied to the serial number.
That makes sense as well.
I also wanted to read Bobby's comment cause I'm just now seeing this about the VR and
the demo and all that.
Bobby says, this is why I bring my VR gear to dragon con.
I can only show you the door.
It is up to you to walk through it.
And that's true.
I was not like completely sold on VR.
I was always kind of like, Oh, you know, my, my brain was still tied to nineties VR
lawnmower man shit, which was very different.
Like, remember when VR was big in the nineties, remember that?
And then like it kind of went away on the mind's eye stuff.
Yeah.
At least that's what they made us think it is.
My brain was still on that shit.
Like I, I remember, okay.
Storytelling time.
I remember for whatever weird reason, the store that I used to rent video games from
also had a VR headset that they rented.
It was, and it was a VR headset that would hook up to your super Nintendo.
All it fucking was you guys.
It was like these glasses you put on and the TV would just be right there in front of
your face.
That's all it was.
So that as you turned around, the TV was right there with you.
There was, there was no fucking VR in that thing at all.
And that Jurassic park game is one of the games that I played on it.
And that's why that game scared the shit out of me.
And it had the built in headphones on stuff too.
But anyway, my point is, is that my perception, my brain was still kind of
there.
And it wasn't until I really played it at dragon con when then Bobby was like, I
think Rob will like this.
And I think Rob will like this music game when then I was like, Oh, Oh, okay.
Yeah, I want this.
And that's, that's where VR kind of struggled sometimes because it's not, it's
not something I can just roll the VR footage and you will experience it the
same way.
You have to kind of actually check it out.
All right.
Uh, was that the Victor max or something?
Oh, the thing I, I played with from the video store in the nineties.
Yeah.
It says they'll run your super Nintendo and Sega Genesis games from a Victor or
a Victor max virtual reality headset.
That sounds right.
That sounds right.
Cause all it did, you just plugged whatever it was into the headset and then
while it played.
That sounds stupid.
It was, but, but again, you have to remember in the nineties, VR was a
fucking fad, right?
It was the lawnmower man.
It was all this, which was a, a novel by Stephen King that became a really shitty
movie.
And you know, it just, that was the stuff that was around in the nineties.
And so somebody in a room somewhere thought, how can we get in on VR?
What if we could make every super Nintendo game play like a VR game, but it's really
just a piece of shit headset that just puts a TV and Freddie will make billions.
So anyway, yeah.
All right, moving on.
So I don't know how we got from digital direct to stories about the lawnmower man,
but welcome to orange launch radio.
Hope you're enjoying the ride.
Okay.
Let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
So, uh, this is kind of cool.
So there's a brand new, um, basically it's, I think they have a crowd funding
campaign for a program called colors live, and it allows folks to, uh, paint on a
Nintendo switch, but what's unique about it though, is it has a unique pen that has
pressure sensitivity built into it.
Now you may be asking yourself, well, how the hell is that possible considering
that, you know, the touch screen on the Nintendo switch is not pressure sensitive.
Well, apparently the pen actually connects through your, um, headphone jack.
And it allows, it basically sends a sound signal to detect the pressure sense, the
pressure, uh, part of that, whereas the stylist would just, you know, detect
where you're tapping on the screen.
So with that together, it works pretty well to be able to actually,
uh, paint on your tablet.
So it's pretty cool.
So apparently they're going to, they have a Kickstarter for it right now.
Um, and apparently the bundle with the app and the pen together will run
$41.
Oh, wow.
Um, so yeah, or let's see here.
Apparently, I don't know if it's been done.
It says sign up to be notified.
Has this been completed yet?
Yes.
So apparently that, uh, just ended.
And of course they looks like they did hit their backing on that, but, uh,
colorslive.com if you're interested in checking that out now that it's, um, over.
But it's an interesting piece of tech though.
Um, I'm curious to see how that's going to work with, you know, whether
games are going to have there, but apparently this is a long live of, uh,
they've had other colors apps.
Um, so they had one out apparently back on the original DS, uh, they had one
for the 3DS called colors 3D, and now they have this colors live with this new pen.
So it'd be interesting to see, uh, what that looks like when it comes out.
I want to see it at retail.
Um, so, uh, this Nintendo switch does a lot of neat things and that we're
starting to hear like some of the things that it can kind of do with the technology
that, um, weren't always advertised.
And this is, I think one of those things was like, oh, it's this app that kind of
unlocks more things we're not used to seeing on the Nintendo switch and my brain
went to another game that I've been playing this week that I completely forgot
to talk about during my gaming week.
Cause I'm just, my brain's going a hundred miles an hour, but I need to
talk about clubhouse games because that came out on the Nintendo switch this past
week or the week before as well.
And so I've been playing that.
And the reason why I'm bringing it up now with this, uh, other art story, this talk
is about like different technologies that we're unlocking within the switch.
Did you know, because I didn't, that clubhouse games uses that, and I think
they call it mosaic technology where when you lie the switch down flat, it
creates a multi-screen experience.
I had no idea clubhouse games supported this, but it does.
How well does that work with like the switch light?
Does that work with the switch light?
I don't know yet.
I will answer that question next week because, uh, my husband has a switch
light and I keep meaning to try this with him.
I just haven't yet.
Um, however, that being said, one of the games that I know this does this in
clubhouse games is the slot car game.
So the slot car game is, you know, the old slot where you pull the trigger
and the car goes faster down.
So there's a lot of tracks that you just, you know, you have on the screen.
If you put two switches next to each other, it makes a track
that goes across both switches.
But here's the crazy part.
You could put one switch vertical, one switch horizontal, one switch vertical
under that, and like a weird, and it will make a track that goes across all the
screens and the way you've laid it out.
It's pretty cool.
That's rad.
That is rad.
And nobody, and I think very few people are talking about it because
it's in fucking clubhouse games.
Um, there is also the piano man.
I shouldn't, I shouldn't, I love clubhouse games.
I shouldn't like say, oh, it's just club.
Actually this, this game doesn't get enough credit.
It was bad-ass on the DS and it's bad-ass now.
So there's also, there's a piano thing.
So if you put, if you just play it, like you have it down, you can play
like you're playing a piano.
If you put another switch next to that, do now it's a two octave piano.
And you can play like, yeah.
Right.
So who knew the switch could even be a switch?
Who knew the switch could even do this, but you're right.
I have no idea how the switch light messes with that.
So I'll try to see if that still works.
Um, Comments and chat.
Uh, let's start to see you says, oh yeah, the wife and I have had
sessions of clubhouse games.
Just waiting on the fog nights.
Yeah, I know we need to get to that.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says Mario party does this too.
I'm loving clubhouse games.
I probably already spent 10 hours on it.
Yeah.
I'm kicking myself for not bringing it up earlier, but I've been trying to
produce the show and be a star on it.
Um, all at the same time.
So sometimes I forget to talk about things.
Uh, but yeah, clubhouse games is, is cool.
And I love that it like, oh yeah, they, they're, they
aren't even advertising really.
I mean, it's probably out there on a blog somewhere, but that
the mosaic thing is in it.
And it's, it's bad-ass.
It's so cool.
So.
I'll have to find out about the switch light though.
Now real quick, because you know, you know, people in chat are asking
about the VR headset experience.
I was talking about, uh, bonds double 06 in chat said, um, my girlfriend
loved your rant, got her coming over to the PC to listen to your story.
Uh, my girlfriend wants to ask how let down you were that day that
I played the VR headset.
And my answer was I was 12.
It was fucking rad.
Like I wasn't let down.
I was a little bit like, well,
It's a time when like the virtual boy is like, oh my God, this is the future.
You know, it's like, I wish it was in color, but yeah.
It was still amazing.
Like I was 12 and I didn't care.
And now, now that I'm looking back on it, I'm like, you know, it was actually
kind of cool that like, cause my, my mom always would complain, like, you
know, that she wanted to watch TV, Rob, get off the TV so I can watch such and
such, or it was that more, she had a TV in her bedroom, so sometimes it was when
her and my dad wanted to watch something, get off the TV.
Right.
But if I had one of these little headsets, they could use the TV and I
could play a game on my little headset.
So, but again, we only, I, I never, you think I'm going to be able to
convince my mom to, can you buy me a $500 headset so you can play?
No, that wasn't going to fly.
So I only got to rent it like once or twice and play with it that way.
That was it.
So anyway.
All right.
Uh, Bobby says the mosaic thing was in all the trailers.
I guess I just completely overlooked.
I didn't, I didn't need the trailers.
When I heard Clubhouse Games was coming to Switch, I was like, sold.
I, I didn't need anything else.
So maybe that's why I just totally missed it.
I don't know.
Uh, Questbuster in chat says young me was floored when I tried out a VR rig
at Epcot, not by the weight of the headset or the giant cable that came
out the back, but by the experience.
Oh yeah.
You know?
And again, especially if you're younger, like you, technology is so much cooler.
Speaking of things we enjoyed when we were younger, and I think this is a good note
to end on tonight, guess what's coming back in mobile form.
That's right.
Neopets.
Neopets that started in 1999.
Neopets is older than this show.
And that's saying something.
Neopads I never got in on.
So Neil will remember in the early days of OLR Loki, like Jamie and I were
playing this shit all the time and talking about our stupid Neopets on the show.
How was your game?
I completely blocked that out from my brain.
Well, let me remind you, my friend, we used to talk about that during our
gaming weeks, all that fucking Neopets shit and, uh, Neopets it's still around.
It never went away.
It's always still been there, but now just now in the year 2020, Neopets
put out a tweet this week.
Now you can do Neopets on desktop and on mobile.
So if you, uh, abandoned your Neopet in 1999 and haven't fed it in what, 20
years, uh, good news is your Neopet is not dead, uh, your Neopet will still be
there, uh, and you can check on it in a mobile form if that is something,
um, that you're interested in doing.
This whole thing was really just a ruse for me to ask the chat.
I'm going to ask yourself out.
I want to know who's still playing Neopets out yourself.
Who's still playing Neopets?
Uh, bonds double 06 fesses up.
I still play Neopets.
I got the update for mobile.
Um, let's see what other comments, uh, orange, right.
Says probably haven't fed my Neopet in about a decade or so pixel pocket says,
I mean, you could play it on your phone, but it wasn't optimized for it in any way.
But you knew that.
So you tried wink.
All right.
Uh, let's see a fifth dream today said I tried a month or so ago, but
I can't get into my account.
Um, so I love it.
You guys are, uh, I seriously, I think the email address that was tied to my Neopets
account, I don't use anymore, so I don't even know if I could get into my Neopets
account even if I wanted to.
So there's that.
What in the world is my cat doing?
I'm sorry you guys, but he's got his eye on something.
He's jumping up on the counter.
I don't know.
Hopefully he must've seen other daddy coming in here and thinking at that
minute was feeding time, even though he's already eaten, but I'm just, I'm
keeping an eye on him.
All right.
Anyway, sorry guys.
So this is the part of the show where we open up our listener round table.
And if you have any questions or comments or you want me to tell more VR headset
stories from the nineties, I certainly will, uh, speak up in our chat room over
at twitch.tv slash vog network while we wait and gather some questions or
comments.
Uh, I'm going to ask Loki if he has any last minute stories like I usually do at
this point.
Um, I don't really have too much.
I remember we had talked about, um, the PlayStation five and how you wish there
was more color options.
And I said that there's probably a skinning company already doing it.
Well, I already see that dbrand has a PS five listed on their site with skin
options.
You know, there's going to be third party stuff out the wazoo.
Anyway, there's certainly that.
Yeah, we already got some comments in chat.
Love it.
Hype mayhem says Rob.
Okay.
So I grabbed that samurai showdown collection.
That's free on Epic and I've been playing that.
I love it.
If only for samurai showdown four, which I played the shit out of while in
college, did you and Loki get that freebie on Epic?
What are your thoughts on it?
I did grab the freebie.
I haven't played it yet.
Sorry, but I'm looking forward to doing so because I don't remember samurai
showdown four as much, but I definitely remember the first two.
Um, so I will check that out.
Loki, did you grab that free on Epic store?
So I think there's that.
And there's the freebies.
Yeah.
Well, there's that.
There's art or not.
Yeah, for sure.
Uh, and you know, we, we love our, don't forget.
Not only is there that samurai showdown collection, but if you're a Twitch, uh,
prime person, there's Neo Geo stuff at the wazoo.
That's free on Twitch prime right now.
If you use the Twitch app.
So don't, here's your reminder.
If you're sitting there right now, if you haven't claimed those games, get on it.
Uh, and, um, if you want to say thanks, you could always toss your
free sub over to VOG network.
We definitely appreciate that.
Uh, and you get access to our video archives with all the old shows.
Of course, the audio content is free as it has been for the last 18 years.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf is asking favorite clubhouse games.
Great question.
Uh, my favorite, probably speed, honestly, because I remember playing
that when I was a kid and I don't think I've played that since I was a kid.
So the fact that like speed of all things is in clubhouse
games is pretty awesome.
Now, you know, with 51 games, there's going to be some stinkers though.
Uh, and like Loki, one of the 51 games in clubhouse games is war.
Do you know what game war is?
Have you ever played war?
Yeah, I've played war.
Yeah.
It's just turn over the card and the highest card wins.
That's war.
Like we got to pad this out.
Let's pad this out with some, they, they try, they, what they do.
And I've never seen war played this way.
I've seen war played two ways.
I've seen cut the deck and play it that way.
I've seen spread out an ocean and each person picks a card from
the ocean and does it that way.
This one, hold on, y'all, you put three cards face down in front of you and you
pick which of the three cards you're going to turn over.
Ooh, that's so thrilling.
I know, right?
So anyway, I, I don't want to dwell on the negative cause I love clubhouse games, but
that was definitely one of the games that made me go Nintendo, please.
Um, yacht dice.
Cause it's just yacht, it's Yahtzee, but it was originally, you know, yacht dice.
Uh, and the six, the six ball, the battle balls, what did, what did it call it?
Six ball puzzle, something like that.
I like that one too.
Um, let's see.
Oh, and a last card.
That's just Uno, but under a different name.
I did, I forced myself to learn how to play president because I was like, is
this the game I thought it was?
And it wasn't, but I learned a new game.
So that's kind of cool.
Like it's kind of fun to learn a new game on clubhouse games.
So there was that.
Uh, let's see, going to some comments from chat.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, yeah, I hate war.
I played it enough to get the gold trophy and then turned it off.
Sevens is my jam.
Dark Tetsuya says Renegade is my jam.
Um, Orange Wright says, even the fun fact says that traditional war isn't even a game.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, one of the things that's interesting about Klondike is that
it will tell you immediately when you lose, not when you've gone through all the
cards, but it will tell you immediately when you lose.
So you can just undo once and try something different.
Yeah.
And, uh, Bobby Blackwell says, president is kind of like great Dow multi.
You know, there are so many card games out there that you probably know
under a different house variation.
Um, this was funny.
Okay.
So I'm going to tell a work story.
So we were talking about games, um, because it was like our team building
call and we were talking about like, what's a game that you have fond memories of.
And one of the people on the call brought up that her family
really liked to play BS.
Right.
Have you ever played that card game?
Bullshit, basically where you say you put the cards face down and you're like,
I am playing two sevens and somebody says bullshit and you turn them over.
And if you didn't actually play two sevens, you have to take all the cards
that have been laid down.
And if somebody miscalled you on it, they have to take all the cards.
Right.
So you've probably played this game at some point, but she said, because they
didn't want to say bullshit in front of the kids, they call the game blue salmon
or something like that.
I think that's what it was.
It was a blue salmon or something like that.
So that's, that's what they play.
They play blue salmon.
And so, and that's what they either blue salmon or was it, was it blue?
I don't know.
Uh, something badgers, I don't know.
But anyway, so people come up with all these different names and come to think
of it, I even remember years ago when I was in church.
So this was a long time ago.
Okay.
Uh, we played bullshit, but it was called, I don't know, or no, it was called, I
don't, I don't think so.
Or something like that.
You just, you say, I don't think so is what you would say, uh, instead of bullshit.
So anyway, yeah.
Uh, SG-100 Matt says bull spit.
Yep.
Yep.
Bull spit.
Yeah.
Boy scout.
So there it is.
How funny.
SG-100 Matt says, that's what my grandmother told me.
It was bull spit.
That's a really, I love the stories we get told as kids.
All right.
Any lies you're telling your children, Loki?
I don't know.
Probably.
All right.
Oh, Bobby Blackwell says, I doubt it was the name of it in the DS games.
That's right.
Oh, as that said, the broccoli farm.
Well, the listeners with the receipts.
Well, I love it.
All right.
Uh, Loki, any other last minute stories?
Yes, this is, uh, it's interesting.
So I don't know if you remember back to the Simpsons where there was a gag where I think
Bart was playing a, a golf game called a Lee Corrello's putting challenge is like some
really terrible game.
Well, apparently someone's decided to make that a real thing.
And so you can now play that for free and it's, uh, so, uh, it's pretty funny.
They actually put together the game using sound clips from the show.
I love that somebody went to the links to actually make it a real thing.
That's great.
The Simpsons predicting the future yet again.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, it looks like Martin was playing that.
So, um, that's funny, but neat.
That's it.
All right.
Well, I think that's it from our chat room as well.
So this is the part of the show where we're going to wrap things up.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show this week or listening
to us live, however you consume orange launch radio.
We really appreciate you guys being here.
And if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange laundry, you know, tell a friend or
two, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but
we need, we need those voices to be here to help, uh, help us, uh, spread, spread, spread
the chat and the love and the different perspectives that we have.
Spread the chat and the love and the different perspectives and all that good stuff.
Uh, we will be back in seven days.
I'm sure there's going to be more gaming news this week.
This is probably going to be a pretty busy month for gaming news.
It's not going to happen all at once, but like slow, slow trickle
through probably all the summer.
Do we have any big events that we don't necessarily, Oh, the EA, we talked
about the earlier show, so the EA events this next week, right?
So we'll maybe I'll get, Oh my gosh.
Maybe Jamie and I get to spend three hours talking about a mass effect
trilogy remaster next week.
I really hope that's the case.
Fingers and toes crossed.
So maybe, or more Sims or I don't know, new star Wars game.
There's that for sure.
We know that one.
I don't feel, yep.
So that'll be some exciting stuff to talk about next week is as much
shit as EA sometimes gets, uh, there's some pretty darn good games that come
out of it, so we'll, uh, we'll, we'll be looking at that for next week.
And who knows what else?
Uh, so we'll be back in seven days to do that all again.
Thank you so much for downloading, uh, the feed.
Uh, and thank you so much.
Uh, for those of you guys that are listening live as well.
Um, if you enjoyed the show, tell a friend, leave a nice five
star review on a place like iTunes.
I don't think we've gotten a review on iTunes in like three years.
Um, but I would appreciate if someone would leave one tonight, um, or
wherever it is you found this show.
Uh, I know a lot of you are listening on Spotify, uh, and other places as well.
Maybe you're listening directly at vognetwork.com.
That's fine too.
However, you're listening to the show.
I appreciate you being here.
Thank you so much.
Um, I think that's it.
I think we get to give our final thoughts now.
So, um, I'll start.
Um, my final thought tonight is, uh, black lives still matter.
Black trans lives, especially still matter.
It is pride month.
Let us not forget that pride was a riot that was started by trans
women, black trans women.
So, uh, don't forget, don't forget that.
Um, that's, that's what I got.
Loki.
I'm going to probably end up playing more Minecraft this week
because I'm stuck in that loop.
So I need to stream some.
All right.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Onch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for listening to our show tonight.
Uh, we will see you next time here at Orange Onch Radio, uh, in seven days
here at the Voice Geeks Network.
Uh, happy gaming.
Enjoy it.
There's a lot of good stuff out there.
Uh, enjoy it.
Good luck when those pre-orders for PlayStation five go up.
Have a great week, everybody.
We will see you next time.
Good night.
Lounge radio, Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR studios to join us
for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM
Eastern, the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you
know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
