This week, Orange Lounge Radio has turned 18, new media, works in progress, same great
hosts.
It's been a contentious week in gaming news, but we have a little bit of everything to
discuss.
The march to the next generation of gaming consoles, sequels, sequels of series past,
even more remasters of truly underrated titles, time travel, the multiverse, and plenty more.
Don't take my word for it.
Here are your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki on the show where every gamer has
a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 825 of our show for this June
the 28th of 2020.
Do not be alarmed, do not adjust your televisions, do not adjust your radios, yes, there's been
a few changes.
A little fresh coat of paint to celebrate 18 years of doing Orange Lounge Radio.
So we had a brand new, and the Twitch viewers, because we do tape live every Sunday night
at Twitch TV slash VOG Network, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the
Bobby Black Wolf show.
The Twitch viewers are seeing some videos, so we used to have some static images and
now we've kind of replaced those with videos.
And most notably, which you're going to hear on the podcast feed and you're going to hear
on Twitch is you're going to hear that brand new intro.
So the old intro, we're very thankful to Midi Head who did some stuff for DDR and Beat Media
back in the day.
Thank you so much.
We've been using that intro for a very long time, but you know, it's been like 14, 15
years.
So it was time for a fresh coat of paint.
And this intro is very special because wait until I tell you who did the new intro.
The new intro was done by my co-loser.
My co-host Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers, accomplished musician.
Hi, Jamie.
How are you?
I'm okay.
I just played around and oops, I pooped an intro.
No, it sounds great.
And when I first heard it, you've had many different iterations of that.
When I first heard it, I was like, okay, this isn't like, this isn't like quite as like,
you know how like the old intro is very like, it's time to begin the show, you know?
And that's a compliment.
And this one's very light and airy and fantasy and I was kind of like, it kind of reminds
me of like a Five Key Beat Mania song, which is a nice little like throwback, which I thought
was really cool.
Yeah.
Well, and thank you for the compliments guys.
I just, I've been learning Logic Pro X and I'm really enjoying it.
It's just, and I just started playing around with like a few things, you know, cause I'm
still kind of a beginner at it.
But as I got through it, I was like, okay.
And then I just picked out some like weird stuff on there.
Like some of that really synthy stuff was actually organ music that I changed instruments
on in the MIDI.
And I really just liked how it turned out.
So I'm like, hey, listen to this.
Hey, listen.
I'm surrounded by accomplished musicians because Dark Sakura of course did that theme and joining
me of course every week.
By the way, my name is Rob Roberts.
I don't know if I said that, but hi.
But joining me every week of course is tech master, Loki.
Hi Loki.
I haven't done anything in a long time.
I know, but you used to, now this is a throwback and a lot of our like more recent listeners
probably have no idea about this, but you used to do remixes like mashups.
Like what do they, what do they, what do they call that club?
Is it booty or whatever it's called in San Francisco where they do the mashups?
Like you used to do a lot of that type of stuff on OLR and you just haven't done one
in a while.
Yeah.
A friend of mine is a DJ there.
Yeah.
And meanwhile, me, I played the clarinet in high school, but like that's about as far
as that's, but that's as far as my music goes, like I've tried, I, uh, I got this application
on steam in a recent sale.
It's called rhythmic and it's a good, it's a good, like it's a good sequencer.
Like there's nothing, nothing negative against this application.
I think, you know, if I, if I was able to construct anything, it would be in this application,
but I'm just such a boob when it comes to that stuff.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Like, so I need, I guess I need to start somewhere.
I don't know.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
There's always a learning curve when you're trying something new.
True.
Now, if you want to see me do complete and utter failure, watch me try to figure stuff
out and in final cut, I can't move.
I'm I've made my first actual movie thing in final cut and it's of Midna being stupid.
Lovely.
Two are new theme song by the way.
Well, I didn't use final cut.
I didn't use, I got to say, I didn't use an Apple product for any of the movies tonight.
Except there is one exception.
No, there is one exception.
I used a free software called light works to do a lot of the video editing, which has
worked very well.
But the smush intro that only the Twitch people see, if you've never watched us live on Twitch,
right after Bobby ends and we pick up, we usually have about a minute or two because
we're trying to get everything together and make sure our recording starting.
So it takes a minute or two for things to transition.
And we have a, it used to be a static image of Mr. Smush that would say, don't go anywhere.
We're coming right up.
Now, I built a montage in iMovie from pictures from my phone and exported that into light
works to put on the stuff I know how to do, like use my fonts and my image.
So I did, I did do that.
I did do one thing in iMovie.
So this is, this is truly a buy.
We love all computer products.
We embrace them all because it's like trying to hold, it's like trying to hold something
together before it breaks.
You put a little duct tape there.
You put a little string here.
One of these days, I'm going to sit you down and teach you motion.
Okay.
Sounds good.
That, that splash thing that I did with the interesting animations on it before, like
the teaser I made, that was all made in motion.
Oh, nice.
Oh yeah.
It's if you've used flash before motion is easy.
I was going to say also speaking of art, we are debuting brand new album art this week
that everybody's going to see.
And that is also you, you actually, to be fair, you did that like five months ago.
It was, it was supposed to be for episode 800 and for reasons and things didn't happen.
And then COVID happened and it was like, well, and so the thought was, well, we'll sit on
all of this until we're all back under the same roof and it'll be like our big, like
up soft relaunch.
Here we go.
But now, unfortunately, you know, obviously the COVID thing's just getting worse in many
places and it seems more and more likely, you know, we're just going to have to stay
in separate locations, probably at least for the rest of the year, who knows, you know,
until it's safe and we will be listening to scientists on when it is safe.
And that's, that's, that's that on that.
And we just had an announcement here, at least in California, that six major counties are
having to close bars again, um, with us included.
And one of the bars that I think you and I have frequented quite a bit, um, I'm actually
friends with one of the general managers there and, um, they had an incident where someone
came in and they had no symptoms when they came in three days later, they were symptomatic
and thankfully called to tell them so, you know, which means that they were sick well
before they actually went into the club.
Yeah.
I haven't been to a bar since, um, before I went on that cruise was probably the last
time I was at a bar in Miami.
So, um, and I have no, like, that's, if we can't get together in the same house, I have
no interest in going to a bar because a bar is where you go so you don't have to meet
up at somebody's house.
So that I know I've done, I've done the restaurant thing and sometimes I felt very safe the most
recent time you missed it on last week's episode, I kind of went off, I did not feel great and
I will not go back to that restaurant even after this is over.
Um, but, uh, yeah, so, uh, but I have no interest in going to bars.
I actually don't think we're on the mandatory list, but we are in a recommended list.
There's like six mandatory, eight recommended, but regardless, we're on the mandatory.
Are we?
Well, I thought we were double check, but yeah, I said at least six of them, Sacramento
County included, regardless, none of us are going to a bar anytime soon.
I just don't see that.
I, I fussed at some of my fellow sisters quietly.
Yeah.
Because they did.
No, I know.
I know the one bar that's not downtown.
I've heard has been hopping and I'm like, you, I, you couldn't pay me to go there right
now.
You could.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The, uh, if I'm right, the leather place.
Okay.
Yeah.
No, that, that's where they went.
I'm still like, that place is so confined, but anyway, not to derail.
Yes.
It is a video game show.
The place that has pinball machines.
Let's get back to games.
Actually.
Before we get back to games, I do want to acknowledge it has been 18 years of orange
launch radio.
We started this show on June 23rd, 2002.
So this past Tuesday we crossed having done this on a regular basis for 18 years on a
pretty much a weekly basis.
Sure.
We've missed a show here and there, but for the most part, you know, we're putting out
40, 45 new shows a year, probably more.
Um, and, uh, that's more than most television shows.
That's more than most television shows put out.
Um, so, uh, you know, we've, this is a huge accomplishment for us and, um, I don't really
see any, you know, now that we have like a fresh coat of paint and all this other new
stuff, I don't see any signs of a slowing down anytime soon.
Um, I, I've just been very grateful for these on Sunday nights, especially in light of this
whole like COVID thing.
Um, you know, as much as it stinks that we can't all be in the same room, at least this
experience gives me something to kind of like look forward to.
And it's like, I have a reason to get out of bed today.
Like I know it's as dreary and as depressing as that sounds, it is still like a motivation
to like do something normal, if that makes sense in a non-normal world.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Well, and normal is relative.
Yes.
So this is normal now.
Um, on a, on a much more lighthearted note, let me ask this, you know, for everybody,
what's kind of been like a great reward from having done this for 18 years?
Like what, what has been that motivation to keep going?
Cause that's, that's a question I get a lot is how do you keep motivated for 18 years
to do this?
And I'm, there's a part of me that's like, I wouldn't know what to do with my Sunday
nights without it.
It's like, it's like that, uh, waning Garth line where Garth goes, eventually it becomes
a part of you.
That's kind of like where OLR is in some ways.
But uh, what about for you guys, uh, Darcyra?
Spite.
Spite?
Well, seriously, that first few weeks of doing the show and there is like, you need to get
back in geeking.
Well guess what?
That was more when we went to a podcast and suddenly we had a much larger audience.
I never, well, I don't know.
Yeah, it was in the first few weeks of doing a podcast.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And that was, yeah, that was, uh, guess who's here and still podcasting and guess who's
probably still living in mama's basement.
Uh, Loki, I will read a basement bitch.
Okay.
And guess who went back to the kitchen cause I'm in the kitchen.
Loki did get, get back in the kitchen where you belong.
Loki, Loki.
What, what, uh, what about you?
What's been the reward to do this for 18 years for you?
I don't know.
Just all the responses from people, um, you know, inspiring others to do their own shows
and just, I don't know, routine.
Yeah.
Cause I get to talk about games cause no one else wants to hear about that except for my
kids.
And then, uh, but, uh, they talk about a lot about one game.
So I would like to say that this gives us an amazing platform for advocacy for gamers
who can't advocate for themselves.
True.
You know, we just a few weeks ago we spoke out on black lives matter.
We've spoken for, um, you know, the whole quilt bag spectrum as, as you call it, you
know, and for some of the lesser accepted sexualities.
So I mean, hello, I'm ace, hi, um, we've, um, we've all gone through some major changes
and the fact that we are basically quote, normal people living normal lives and do this
for others really.
And you know, for ourselves, cause hello, I am a little selfish.
We, I still see no reason to stop by as long as people love us, I will thrive on that.
Like a goddess living on her tributes.
And to be fair, we're not going to stop talking on any of those things anytime soon, no matter
what tweets we're getting.
So do, do look out for that.
Um, I get weird stuff once in a great while.
It's not, I, I let the positive outweigh the negative and the positive is far, far, far
more.
Um, let's see.
So SG 100 mountain chat says, yeah, I don't know what I used to do on Sunday nights before
this show.
And dark to see you says, yeah, I don't even remember my Sundays before OLR.
It's been so long.
Both of those comments from our Twitch chat at VOG network.
Um, yeah, like it's, it's, I think back to what was I doing on Sunday nights before?
Uh, I, we used to go to a club a lot that doesn't exist anymore.
It's like, yeah, it's a cold now.
No, I think, I think where the club was is the PetSmart actually, but it's, it's just,
it's a fricking strip mall now.
Do you remember we had my bachelorette party there and you, you came to my bachelorette
party, which was awesome.
And we had a bajillion jello shots that Jessica made and I made everybody watch Xanadu and
we started watching Barbarella and then we're like, Hey, let's go to the club.
So we went off to the rage.
I think I think I separated from the girls at that point.
Cause like something else is going on or something.
I think it would be funny though.
If, if Cole still did that Sunday night, I'll meet you down at housewares.
It's called be a party.
It's definitely, to answer my own question, it's definitely part of the routine thing
for me.
It's a great way to make sure I'm talking to Jamie and Matt at least once a week, if
not more often.
And you know, I think part of why I've really loved doing this is just meeting all of you
guys that are listeners and part of the show's family and interacting with you guys.
And it's really funny because, you know, as I've traveled to different cities, you know,
I used to have a job where I did a little more travel throughout the U S and I would
end up in all these different cities or I would go on vacation to different cities.
And I remember somebody close to me commenting once like Rob, it doesn't seem to matter where
you go in the country.
You always seem to know people in this city because you're always meeting up with somebody
for dinner or whatever it is.
And I'm kind of like, well, I mean, yeah, when you live on the internet, like I'm fortunate
through OLR and granted some other things I've done online, but mostly OLR, I have met
a network of awesome people online that, you know, I'm happy to call my friends and
hang out with IRL.
And I've done that when I've gone to places like New York, Chicago, you name it, I've
probably met somebody through OLR there.
Not that I'm going to meet just anybody in a deep dark corner.
These are people I've interacted with for a very long time and feel safe with.
I don't want people to get the wrong idea.
But like, I remember like New York, it was probably like 2006, there was a nice big chunk
of OLR listeners, probably like five or six.
And we all went to like a Dave and Buster's, it was like a little mini OLR con.
It was a lot of fun.
So and when I went back just recently, I was able to meet a couple people like YYR and
Matt and Rama.
And, you know, it's still good to keep in touch with all my pals out there.
So it's great.
And I remember when I came out for a con.
Yeah, we did something.
And then I drifted my Lancer going, yeah, it was anime.
I drifted my Lancer going on to Treasure Island because I was like, hey, let's go here.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah.
And frightening and very frightening.
So.
Uh, so yeah, I'm just, I'm thankful to everybody that's met and taken part in this and I really
do appreciate you guys.
And some of you guys just lurk and that's fine too.
You just, you're listening to the podcast feed and then we'll get an email out of the
blue like, oh yeah, I've been listening since like 2006 and I'll be like, who are you?
You never send an email or call or anything.
But I'm like, you know what?
I still appreciate this person for being a part of it.
So if you want to lurk, hey, that's fine too.
Like I'm glad you've enjoyed what we've been putting out and that you all continue to listen
regularly.
So, all right.
Well, we are going to move on with the show and talk about what's going on in the video
game world and all the things we discuss every week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
So let's get to our kickoff topic tonight, which I wish we had a quote unquote happier
thing to discuss.
But this is one of those.
We need to discuss it.
This is something the gaming industry is going through.
And like Jamie alluded to earlier, sometimes we have to address the difficult stuff too.
Let me turn it over to Jamie actually, I think is going to bring us up to speed on what's
going on.
Yeah.
And when they talk about an elephant in the room, this would be an elephant the size of
a kaiju, just saying.
It's pretty big and people have just been trying to ignore it forever.
But it's really come to a head.
Obviously, there are allegations against quite a number of, I'd say, prominent men in the
video game industry.
And it now looks like we have another instance added on top of it for sexual misconduct against
I'm going to mispronounce this guy's name, but Chris Avaloni, four women rose to accuse
him of sexual misconduct.
He's a acclaimed video game writer and a leading and actually one of the developers is working
with basically prompt what he departed ways with him, even though there was another game
in the work works.
And then there was another lady that accused Omid Daryani, who is the CEO of Online Performers
Group, which is a talent agency that works with streamers of making unwelcome sexual
advances.
And so Daryani resigned from his position on Sunday.
And then there's a lot of streamers who were planning on doing, I don't know if this was
this upcoming Wednesday, I'd have to double check.
I want to do a blackout for women on Twitch, which would basically the whole point of it
is to make them see that this is really, really just a prime platform for all kinds of harassment
to women streamers.
And you know, not just, you know, it's women of all backgrounds, a lot, they just haven't
really been doing a whole lot to help women who are gamers on Twitch, who are paying for
their platform to exist.
And you know, and looking just in the past, I mean, we had the, the whole gamer gate thing
before we had the, the harassment of Anita Sarkeesian, you know, and it was real harassment.
Several other, you know, people that I know, a couple of other podcasters to have been
harassed in any type of online game and a lot of a lot of us have been turning to online
gaming because we don't have really any other social circle right now to go out and participate
in.
One of the, one of the other women said that he went and told, you know, that, that Avaloni
went and told her that he never meant any harm, but you know, he was quoted saying if
I can't do anything to apologize for it, I understand that there's nothing more to be
done.
Bullshit.
And the one who talked about her name is apparently Carissa, she's not giving her last name, was
really on top of this, has just been bringing it to attention and spoke with Bloomberg about
it too.
So she said that it happened when she met Avaloni at a convention in 2012 and then another
one in 2013 and then another third one who now works at a large company posted on Twitter
a screenshot of an explicit message that she received from him in 2013 when she was looking
to break into the industry.
And another fourth said that he groped her repeatedly at a nightclub in 2014 and he's
not saying anything about it.
And also Obsidian CEO who was working with him also didn't comment about it as well.
And then another thing that Carissa said is that he got her blackout drunk and tried to
rape her.
Drunk rape.
Which if you can't consent, it's rape, just saying.
And it's just absolutely disgusting.
You know, another game designer, Kristy Dana, also said that she went out on a drink and
he kept buying drinks for the group and then, you know, she passed out and woke up naked
next to him.
Again, that's rape.
If you can't consent, it is rape.
It's just really disgusting.
You know, it's absolutely disgusting.
And we've got more and more and more coming out because, you know, I think that we're
not post-Me Too.
We are constantly going to see it because it is time to not be quiet about this.
You know, I had advancements one year at E3, very, I'm not going to get into it, but it's
really not, it's like these guys here in this industry think that, oh, you know, you're
not going to make it very far without something I have to give you.
And it's kind of a casting couch situation, you know, oh, you want to get in it?
Well, you got to do something for me, some quid pro quo there, and no, that is not right.
You know, this, these garbage people need to be held accountable and have their balls
nailed to the wall, first of all, which I would pay to see done, just saying.
But they need to be held accountable.
This is unacceptable, absolutely unacceptable.
And I'm finally glad to see that there are more and more people speaking out against
it and naming names, put the proof out there, keep your receipts and post them.
It definitely feels like on Twitter, like there's just been a avalanche of these sorts
of reports and it's, it's, it's not surprising, but it's still depressing.
You know, it's kind of that situation.
It's kind of like, unfortunately, some people in power use that power for very crappy things.
And I think, you know, we're seeing that that has been some somewhat of a recurring theme
in 2020, just over and over again, people in power are using power for crappy things,
and the rest of us are not going to take it anymore.
And it's, it's, it's gross, obviously, you know, like Jamie, I'm, I'm glad that people
are being called out and we're setting a precedent and a rule that you should not be using your
power for this shitty behavior.
And I'm seeing, I'm seeing it everywhere on Twitter.
And it's, it's, it's, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's sad.
You know what I mean, Jamie?
Right?
Like it's, it's one of those, like, I'm sad, but I'm not surprised.
I'm glad to see people are, you know, having to answer for these sorts of things, but at
the same time, gross, you know, you thought better of certain people and it's, it's, it's
a time.
Well, and there's another one, um, a PR person for Riot Games also shared an explicit text.
Um, and at the time she was trying to break in, so she forgave it, you know, but still
it's, it has to go public that this behavior is not right, no matter who does this to you.
Um, I, I'm glad to see this garbage now being held accountable for it and having difficulty
finding work and being pushed out of work.
And we need to do this with more people, you know, we need to do this with racists.
We need to do this with white supremacists.
We definitely need to do it with, um, definitely these sexual predators who are just pure garbage.
Um, you know, they, all of these garbage humans need to be held accountable.
End of story.
Call them out.
What can we do?
Well, not we.
I mean, I don't think we sitting here can do much to change Twitch, but what can Twitch
do to change Twitch in these, you talked about the blackout, which I actually think was this
past week.
I know there was a Twitch blackout that happened on, I think it was Wednesday.
Um, but I wouldn't be surprised if there wasn't a future protest forthcoming and so forth.
But what can, cause you know, Twitch, Twitch is in this interesting position because it
is a platform, but they don't, I mean, and I don't think it's realistic that they have
the platform to be the detective, to be the local, you know, and so forth.
But what can Twitch do to help make their platform safer?
There are two words and it's not just for Twitch.
It's for all, all really forums.
It's for the medical industry.
It's for mental health.
Believe women.
Don't just start writing it off and say, well, you had to have done something to have provoked
this.
Start it with an objective eye.
Look at the proof.
Oops.
I just hit my meatless and say, yeah, look, look at, look at the proof submitted.
Look at those chat logs.
Look at screenshots that are provided and believe when we say this is happening.
You know, I keep thinking back to, uh, you know, it was a few years ago where apparently
like some guy had used, uh, the lady's email about something or both in the same industry
did the same thing.
And he started finding that people weren't responding to, uh, the request that was made
that they were being condescending where she was starting to get her stuff done again.
You know, she had found herself in a slump and found it difficult to, to get things from
people to finish her work.
And it's ridiculous that it took a man experiencing sexism to believe her because he said he hadn't
believed her before that.
Um, and then, you know, on top of that, just when we provide you the proof, don't start
asking, Oh, well, why didn't you do this?
Why didn't you do that?
Fuck that.
Why didn't you believe when we brought this to your attention and how many times do we
have to do it?
Let me get an important.
Oh, sorry.
Don't want to cut you off.
Uh, the one other thing I was saying, you know how I mentioned the medical industry.
Do you know that it takes us sometimes up to seven years longer for heart conditions
to be diagnosed?
And I'm pretty sure that's what happened with Dan's mom, that she would be alive if they
believed her, that she was worried about her heart that we did get the notice that it was
a heart condition.
And that's a big issue in the medical industry for sure.
Is that doctors, you know, kind of, um, a lot of times we'll put a stamp on a certain
set of conditions and they don't necessarily listen to the patient.
I know that's a huge, huge issue.
Um, I do want, sorry if, if I just one little thing, just people, if you want to really
look up how bad women have it, look up endometriosis diagnoses and that's it.
Let me get this comment in our chat from quest buster, because I think this is very important
when we talk about how can twitch do a better job and I say twitch, uh, and like Jamie said,
meaning all forums and stuff, but quest buster says there's a twitch executive that has also
had allegations leveled against him and that person is in charge of partnerships, which
for some isn't surprising considering their past behavior when it comes to selective bands.
And obviously that's a huge issue if you know, the call is coming from inside the house,
so to speak, that's a huge issue that twitch has to deal with.
And there's also a part of the trash.
Yeah.
And, but there's also a part of me that's like, how does one person within twitch carry
so much power over partnerships that if this guy didn't have that kind of power, he wouldn't
be able to leverage it against people with these alleged, you know, issues that are going
on.
Um, so I kind of think that's also an issue is that there shouldn't one person should
not be left to dictate and maybe it, maybe, maybe it doesn't really work that way, but
it definitely seems like this individual again, if these allegations are true, cause legally
I have to say that, um, and so forth, where, where did this person get all that power?
Why are all this a, why are all those eggs in this basket?
And I think that's something twitch needs to look at is the division of power within
the organization and making sure that there is a decent amount of women in power, minorities
in power.
And to be fair, I believe, um, the, uh, person, uh, getting the complaints is, is, um, is
a minority, but it doesn't, it doesn't like matter.
You know what I mean?
They still need to have representation across the board in different positions of power,
if that makes sense.
Well, and to, to bring attention to what Bobby just said in chat, um, he said, and the sad
part is that it could be any man before you, not all men this.
And that is really the thing that actually is going to go back to, I think even with
the police thing too, you know, the, the, the all cops are bastards thing.
The problem is, is that there are enough.
That means we can't trust any until, you know, we know them and the proof has been laid bare
and we know that this is a trustworthy person.
And even then there are people out there who are complete predators who will lean in,
you know, try to be the gentleman.
And then they turn around.
Well, I'm a nice guy.
You owe me.
So even, even then, you know, so before anyone says like the not all men thing, it's enough.
It is enough to make us trust none of you.
Um, Bobby in chat says, well, actually let me, let me follow that up in just a minute.
Bobby says, well, it's great that I know I'm not a creep.
I give off the creep vibe.
If someone just looks at me at a gaming event, I don't expect any woman to trust me at a
gaming event.
I mean, I have long hair, goatee, heavyset, I fit the profile.
Bobby's a great guy for what it's worth, but I understand what he's saying.
And like you say, dark soccer, you trust me, but, um, here's the thing.
So like, you know, I love to go out and play like Pokemon go and ingress and Orna and all
these location based games of the park.
Right?
Well, just recently I was at a park and I was walking around farming and ingress and
you know, that involves, I'm staring at my phone, I'm doing this thing.
This woman at the park thought I was taking pictures of her and she's like, can you not
point that at me?
And while there was a part of me that wanted to clap back and be like, don't flatter yourself.
There is also that part of me that's like, let it go.
She's obviously got something going on that you don't know about.
So I just kind of like turned so my back was to her and kind of, you know, kept doing my
thing a different direction.
So and unfortunately, you know, playing the location based games I got in even just yesterday,
just yesterday, somebody was, it wasn't quite the same situation, but somebody was like,
are you taking pictures of that car?
What is, is that your car?
And I was like, no, I'm playing a game and she was like, Oh, okay.
You know, I kind of like tilted my phone enough so that you could see the ingress screen and
I don't expect that to make sense to anybody.
But you know, so my point is, and I am kind of like tying this to games in a way is that,
you know, I have to remember that not everybody is going to think I have the best intentions.
I have to kind of earn that, if that makes sense.
And the other thing too, is that, gosh, I just lost my train of thought on that one.
It's that we, that women, you know, and anybody who is in, I'm going to go ahead and say a
marginalized group has to do extra to watch our asses.
You know, if I'm going out to say, check the mail, I have my keys in my hand.
Like I'm going to stab a bitch.
You know, if I'm walking out to my car when I am, you know, in midtown, even in sister
face, you know, going out and doing ministry, I still have one of my sisters with me to
walk to the car, even though not many people, you know, have had pretty good responses.
Everyone's like, oh, hey sister, hey, I still do not go alone.
I think conventions need to have, and to be fair, like a lot of them do have a policy,
although it's not always well known.
And so it needs to be something that's like easily accessible and easily understandable.
There should definitely be policies at conventions for people to do not feel safe, like how they
can report that they feel like they're in an unsafe position and somebody with con
security or something can either like escort them to a car or to a hotel or whatever it
is that they need, you know, and sometimes that kind of stuff is like an afterthought
like that, that number or that procedure should be like on the back of the badge.
And again, some cons do have that, like, you know, one of the ones I was working with had
it actually built into policies now.
Cool.
But that should be the standard.
Right?
Yeah, it should be.
And E3 didn't have that.
And it's at least in the years we went and maybe they've changed it since then.
I haven't been in many years.
And that is something that, you know, industry shows and industry actors need to have as
well, you know?
Well, and the thing is, and, you know, back when we were doing E3, you know, you know
me, I go into pure con mode and I wander off by myself, but I also have this kind of weave
that I do in crowds, you know?
And like, if I am, you know, a lot of times when I was out doing cosplay, I would have
a very large prop with me because it's damn hard to miss a fan that's as big as I am.
And it's damn hard to miss big black wings walking around through, you know, a crowded
hall or are wearing like six inch platform heels that I could, you know, kick somebody
to death with if I chose to.
You know, I, when I do, even in choosing like my cosplay for going to conventions, I try
to pick something that I can use as a weapon or I can use to defend myself because I like
to go by myself.
Yeah.
I didn't need somebody to protect me.
SSG100 Matt in chat says, my girlfriend gets harassed in public, including in gaming.
Men often feel the need to test her gaming knowledge or flex their superiority to her.
She handles it well, but it's frustrating that happens to her and many others.
You know what?
You bring up an excellent point, Matt.
And that is that we like it is, it is the year 2020 and we all need to make an agreement.
I think it's going to be a very easy thing for the, for our hosts and our listeners to
all agree to.
Um, I think this will be very easy and I'm not sure we're the ones that necessarily need
to change our mindset, but can we, can we kind of start a wave here and get the people
we know to do this?
And this is simply, can we just accept that everyone plays video games and everyone can
play video games and video games are fun for everyone and everyone should be able to enjoy
video games and everyone is going to like video games at different levels of enthusiasm,
meaning not everybody's going to know the name of every single monster in the legend
of Zelda.
And that's fine.
That doesn't mean they're not a gamer.
And some people do know the names of every monster in the legend of Zelda.
And that's fine too.
They're not a nerd or a basement dweller.
They just like games the way that another person might be able to name the baseball
roster for the New York Yankees in the year 2004.
Right?
Yeah.
Everybody has their different passions and enthusiasms and so forth and we need to respect
fandoms.
Yeah.
And I, I even, you know, I'll, I'll even cause I do get the, Oh, prove it thing, you know,
whatever.
I mean, thankfully I've got the podcaster, I'm like, um, look me up on this.
That's all I have to say.
Google me, bitch.
Google me, bitch.
Right.
But you know, the other, the other thing is that, you know, I've just flat out saying,
I don't have shit to prove to you.
I know myself.
Fuck you.
That's all I say.
Or, you know, if I really feel like proving it, I'm like, name a video game system.
I'll tell you if I have it.
And you know, and I used to, you know, funny enough to kind of bring this full circle with
the, the 18 years of OLR thing, I used to complain about this a lot in the earlier days
of OLR was the judgment I would get as a gay dude because I played video games and it was
like, Oh, what?
You don't follow fashion or listen to Madonna or, you know, and I, I, I am absolutely stereotyping
here, but these types of things like what happened is that it was like, Oh, you play
video games.
Isn't that like what, like, you know, basement boys do type of thing.
And so, you know, that now, luckily in the years that we've been doing this show, I kind
of feel like gay nerds and gamers like that has really like, there's a lot of gay guys
that play video games and that's very much accepted now.
Like I don't feel the same way now in 2020 that I probably did in the earlier days of
this show.
But you know, what age of the gamer, well, you know, what helped a lot with that was
having a place like where we had gamer X and the, like, if I could point out, when did
things feel like they started to turn around?
Oh, when there was a convention for people like me, that was a big one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Matt Khan, you hear us bring it back.
Well, he's, there was, I don't think he'll be bringing it back yet.
But the organization, yes.
And obviously not in the age of COVID either, but at some point, you know, hopefully we
do see a convention like that.
Well, there is that flame con that happens in New York.
I think that's a little more, it's more like a gay nerd con than just game gay games, but
I would love to go to that at some point.
And you know, the, the bar that people were going to, that we were just poo pooing earlier
about people going there.
Um, I actually am doing a flyers and advertisement for their classic game, uh, Friday one month,
which I love.
Cause the one time I went, Jamie, it was really sad, but I'm, I'm glad to hear they're stepping
their game up.
Yeah, no, they, they, they're really trained to, to make it better.
And, you know, I said that, you know, I can't, of course can't do it now, but I was like,
I'll bring the turbo graphics.
We'll bring a TV.
It'll be cool.
Yeah.
You know, and, but I've been doing the, the flyers and everything for that once it comes
out.
Um, of course that all really got put to the sidelines, but I'm, I'm really good friends
with the person that runs that.
Cool.
Well, I hope to see that improve.
Anyway.
Um, I know this is a big topic and we probably need to spend more time on it, but I think
you still have a seven 30 cutoff.
Right.
Jamie.
So I probably need to keep it.
But I can budget a little bit.
Okay.
Well, let's, let's go ahead and move forward with the show, um, as we have other things
to discuss, but I'm sure this topic that was just under discussion, uh, will unfortunately
come up again, but it's one of those things where I hope we can learn, you know, as a
group to do better through these things, you know, like dark Sakura said, believe women,
like I said, respect fandoms and you know, the, everybody plays video games and so forth.
And I think once these types of attitudes start to really become, they spread and they
become out there, I think those will be the first steps into creating a better environment
for games.
That makes sense.
So agreed.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks since we are gamers, what were the types
of video games that we were playing this week?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I have been playing, of course, a lot of animal crossing because it's easy.
Um, and I've also been, I finally, I actually beat every new puzzle on patterned again.
Um, which I love that game is so relaxing is so chill.
Um, so that's really been the big two.
Um, and I actually, I started playing words with friends too, which I blame, uh, Samantha
of, um, stuff mom never told you podcast.
Um, I, I know I just, I have been a, the message and say, Hey, I haven't played words with
friends in a while.
So I play with me.
I'm like, okay, I will.
She's cool.
Um, so I, I'm now playing words with friends too again, so it's pretty fun, uh, make my
brain work and that's about it.
That's about it.
Um, you know, I like my stuff.
I made an alt and animal crossing Dan and I both did so that we can make, pay off all
of those houses and make like shopping centers in a house.
Nice.
All right.
My audio got out of sync a little bit.
Sorry.
Uh, because he didn't name his character, his name, no, but yeah, that's it.
All right, let me go to Loki and there might be a quick, I'm actually gonna just try to
fix my discord issues, but Loki, if you wouldn't mind talking about your gaming week here while
I try to fix some stuff on my end.
Sure.
So I, it was pretty much all Minecraft this week.
So there was the brand new, um, another update that came out.
Uh, so it was, uh, that was out on Tuesday.
So I've been, uh, you know, checking out that and working on our realm and doing that kind
of stuff.
And then, um, outside of that, I was also playing some, um, uh, Orna of course.
And then that's pretty much it.
Watch my kids been playing, um, animal crossing.
They've been really good.
Well, my son's been really getting into that, but it's been mainly just, um, just Minecraft
for the most part.
All right.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, which I only heard half of, sorry, but I think I
fixed my issues.
Um, I will talk about my gaming week.
All right.
Yeah.
I've got issues.
I has them.
Uh, my gaming week, I've been playing a lot of the same stuff I usually do.
My location games that I love my ingress, my Pokemon go, my Orna.
I've been playing all those games, uh, but I've been playing stuff on a console and PC
as well, including continued adventures and final fantasy 14.
I almost have completed the fate grind, which means the, uh, a fate is a world quest event
basically that happens in a zone.
And in the latest expansion, you can get a reward.
If you do like, I think it's like 70 fates in every zone and we're working on the last
zone right now.
So that's very exciting.
I'm making progress on that.
Um, so a lot of the same old games, but I did play a new game this week.
Uh, it just hit game pass not that long ago.
Uh, so on Xbox one, I've been playing the messenger, which is a, uh, it's definitely
inspired by Ninja Gaiden, uh, from back in the day.
It's very heavily inspired.
And what I like about it is that it kind of winks and nods to the game that inspired
it, uh, quite constantly.
And I think that's really cool.
Uh, it has that kind of retro look to it, but the game is it's, you know, obviously
wide screen, uh, and the, the graphics do feel like a little bit amped up, even though
it has that retro look, I love that it's very tongue in cheek.
Um, it doesn't have quite the same cinematic story, uh, that Ninja Gaiden had, but I think,
uh, this story instead kind of like is a little more tongue in cheek and a little more silly
and a little more self referencing, but I think that's kind of cool.
And the gameplay is really fun.
Like it really kind of feels like you're playing, you know, the old Ninja Gaiden game.
So, you know, right in the beginning you can do like a double jump if you hit like a lantern
that's in the air.
So you jump, hit the lantern, you can jump again.
And so that leads to kind of some interesting mechanics and there's, there's things that
weren't in the game that inspired it.
There's things like swimming and there's this whole like death mechanic that you get your,
uh, life back, but the little demon will take souls from you and things like that.
So it's, it's fun.
It's cute.
And, uh, the nice thing with game pass, it didn't cost me anything extra.
So I've been able to check that out.
So if you have game pass, I would recommend that for sure.
Cause I think that has been a fun game.
So that's been between that.
Yeah.
That's pretty much my gaming week.
So, all right, well, let's move on and get into some things that have been happening
in the news and this is, this is a whopper starting us off tonight.
Loki.
Yeah.
It's, uh, it's something.
So there was a surprise announcement that, um, Microsoft made, I think on Twitter even,
and it was that, Hey, uh, mixer is shutting down as of July 22nd and they are partnering
with Facebook gaming moving forward.
So if you happen to be a partner status in mixer, that'll transfer over to Facebook gaming,
assuming that you sign up over there.
Um, they're basically matching all existing partner agreements as closely as possible.
Uh, Ew, for one, um, triple Ew.
I need a new graph.
You know, while we've got new graphic and sound effects, I need one for that triple
Ew.
So yeah, so that, that sucks for everybody that jumped in on a mixer and stuff.
I mean, I know they're pimping the hell out of that.
Even like, uh, when we used to go to GameStop months ago, uh, they would have on their games
or their little Microsoft kiosk, whatever, just be pimping out mixer all the time.
And now that's just, it's, it's gone.
So I'm unfortunate for a lot of folks that were dedicating themselves to that platform.
Not sure if anyone's really getting jumped ship to Facebook gaming.
Um, like, I don't know.
It's that's, that's tough.
And I want to say like, I, there's a few streamers that I watch on like YouTube and stuff like
one, one in particular, Ali 43, but I think tried the Facebook gaming stuff.
And I want to say that the issue there was either it was hard to monetize the streams
or it was hard to discoverability was a problem, uh, just the way it's set up.
I don't know what their issues are over there, but you not going to know.
Um, so I'm thinking a lot of folks will go back to Twitch probably, or YouTube, um, streaming.
Like, but yeah, they had a lot of features that sounded really cool.
Um, I'm curious now, like I know they had mixer integration for like Minecraft and stuff.
So now that's going to be broken.
So I don't know.
I'm going to be very candid on something here and just say, um, what I think many of us
are thinking, and that is that Facebook gaming fucking sucks.
And um, there's, it, it really does feel like, like a one, two punch in the face for mixer
to be folding into Facebook gaming because Facebook gaming is so fucking terrible.
Um, and I, again, I am here to support all broadcasters and all indie people.
And if you are a person that streams on Facebook gaming, I'm sorry.
If what I'm saying right now feels offensive, my issues are not to the streamers there.
My issues are with the platform.
Facebook as a platform has no business getting into this gaming arena.
And one of the biggest sticking points I have with Facebook gaming, despite, in addition
to the fact that the layout sucks for it, the discoverability sucks for it, the monetization
sucks for it.
The way that you try to find things and stuff you want to watch on it sucks for it.
All those things aside, the thing that really ticks me off about Facebook gaming is Facebook's
real name policy.
What did we just fucking talk about?
What was the topic that was just under discussion on this program?
And Facebook wants to mandate that everybody should use their real names.
I don't fucking think so.
Like it just goes to show that Facebook has no fucking idea what they're getting into.
And I understand Facebook has a lot of viewers.
They had more viewers than Mixer because Facebook is a monopoly.
There should be antitrust movements against Facebook because they have their hands in
so many cookie jars.
It's so easy for them to insert and inject the Facebook gaming stuff into your feed when
I don't want it.
Sorry.
I just, I know I'm ranty, but I agree.
I really don't like Facebook getting into this space.
And I agree, like I, there's like no, nothing I would watch on there.
Like I would not go there ever for any sort of content whatsoever.
Even if I would not stream it on a train, I would not stream it on a plane.
I would not watch it on the bus.
I would not watch any of us.
Like that's, it's not, I'm not getting on Facebook gaming and you can clip fine, clip
it, save it as a receipt.
I will quit broadcasting before I stream on Facebook gaming trust.
I know you're not supposed to burn your bridges in this industry.
I have no problem setting that one on fire.
Sorry.
So, so, so far of the big names that were on, um, Mixer, some of the big names, uh,
Ninja and shroud are moving back to Twitch.
Uh, there is one though, um, King, uh, Gothio, the Goth lion or something.
Um, he is going to be moving to Facebook, but I don't know.
And to be clear, and since I've been kind of a bitch, my heart really does go out to
the folks on Mixer that were impacted by this.
And like, you know what, not everybody necessarily knows this, but I'll be very transparent.
Uh, when we were looking to relocate VOG network off of shout cast and move to a video platform,
Mixer was under heavy consideration.
And one of the reasons why Mixer at the time was appealing was because it was like, Oh,
in twit on Twitch, there's like a lot of, lot of noise.
And on Mixer, what used to be beam pro at the time, there is the potential to maybe
do something that is, uh, able to get found out a little easier through that noise, because
there weren't a lot of podcasters, there was a few, but there weren't a lot of podcasters
and folks that were doing their thing on Mixer at the time that that topic was under discussion.
And I really liked the concept of the, um, what were they called over there?
The, the sparks or something like, as you watch to feed you, which Twitch ended up integrating,
uh, a system that's very similar, but at the time it was exclusive to Mixer.
And I really liked that.
And I kind of thought that went with the theme of participation and so forth, but what really
ended up swaying the deal the other way was that it was too hard to become a Mixer partner.
And at the end of the day, I think that was Mixer's biggest weakness versus Twitch.
And I appreciate Mixer existing to give Twitch some real competition because I'm sorry, Facebook
gaming is not real competition.
Um, Steam, like literally it's, did you know, Steam has a whole broadcasting thing and like
all it really was this flute, we, we just, we threw it out there and now we're just letting
the vultures eat it because we're like, Steam literally is doing nothing to curate or grow
that platform.
And it's like, we made this and now let's do, let's not make Half-Life 3.
And I don't think you can monetize anything on there either, but, um, so Mixer, they had
an article in the Mixer blog, they basically talked about why they kind of went this route.
So they said, ultimately the success of our partners and streamers on Mixer is dependent
on our ability to scale the platform for them quickly and as broadly as possible, it became
clear that the time needed to grow our own live streaming community to scale was out
of measure with the vision and experiences that Microsoft and Xbox wants to deliver to
gamers now.
So we decided to close operations, um, we didn't want to do it anymore.
Yes.
So, but here's, here's the writing on the wall here.
So it says, you know, we're teaming up with Facebook to enable Mixer community transition
to Facebook gaming.
This is a key part of our broader effort that Xbox and Facebook gaming are embarking on.
So this leads me to believe that all these integrations that we have with Mixer and stuff
are going to now be integrations with Facebook gaming.
But I mean, that sucks, I guess.
But at the same time, if it's not popular, they're not going to support it.
So we'll see, just don't use the platform and it'll go away.
Facebook gaming can kiss my fat fucking ass.
And if the Xbox series X is going to rely on Facebook integration and it's going to,
it is seriously going to potentially impact my decision to get an Xbox series X, that
is how much I want to separate myself from Facebook and especially not get into this
gaming space.
I think it'll be optional, just like the integrations with like, um, Mixer and stuff.
And I think what will happen is, is if it isn't taking off like they thought it would,
and I'm sure there's some money changing hands, partnerships and whatnot.
So there's going to be some of the integration.
I'm sure that it's up to the developers on what they want to integrate with.
A lot of them are going to be doing stuff with Twitch.
I'm sure that just because maybe Microsoft studio games will decide to have some special
integrations with Facebook gaming, that that's not necessarily going to close the door and
other titles to integrate with, I say, Twitch or something else, or, you know, it's just,
it's not a huge deal.
Like, I don't know, you may see like a Facebook gaming app on the new Microsoft console, not
the same.
You won't see a Twitch app on there.
Um, I don't know, I just, I don't see it being very popular.
Let me get a couple of chat comments I think are worth responding to, because I think these
are a couple of big, big points.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Ninja and shroud brought a lot of streamers to Mixer, but not
a lot of viewers.
And I agree that was mistake number one.
And I'm not like throwing shade at these big streamers who I know work very hard to get
the audiences that they have.
But the reality is they are not a magic ticket to making the platform larger.
It would have been smarter for Mixer to address the question, why aren't more people streaming
here in the first place?
And I done just told you the answer is that it was too much harder to monetize on Mixer
than it was versus, versus Twitter.
You could have had us Mixer, like lots of streaming failures that they're already having.
So like, but there were, again, there were a lot of great things that Mixer kind of had,
but I, if they had made it easier to get to that level of monetization and work, be really
feeling like you're a part of the community, I don't think they would have needed to throw
Ninja or shroud millions of dollars because they would have attracted smaller and mid-level
streamers.
And that would have been huge because then you get all that promotion on Twitter and
all that other stuff.
Now, Pele Hanumea in chat bringing up another excellent point is Kindle, Roku, and my Samsung
TV don't have Mixer app.
Bingo.
Another big problem with it is that Twitch is available pretty much everywhere at this
point.
Uh, Mixer was available on PC and on Xbox, which is, you know, cool if you're streaming,
you know, Xbox related content and stuff.
And it was really well integrated into Windows 10, but beyond that, it's a lot harder to
get on the Mixer.
And I think Mixer really, not that Mixer necessarily needed to be on PlayStation, but it needed
to be more places.
The, the Switch was a huge untapped thing, sorry.
And here's a kick in the balls for, um, for Mixer anyway, is that, um, the Twitch, uh,
streaming app now, um, has a beta out for Mac.
So yeah, they're, they're definitely embracing, um, many more non-Microsoft, uh, areas.
I mean, while they were growing in numbers like Facebook gaming.
So I was looking at some numbers from 2019.
So at December, 2019, Facebook gaming had 8.5% of the market share.
Whereas Twitch is 61%, uh, YouTube gaming, 27.9 and Mixer was 2.6.
Whereas the previous year, 2018 Mixer was 2% and Facebook gaming was only 3.1.
So it definitely, you know, they definitely are growing.
Is that sustainable?
Eh, I don't know.
Um, but I don't see them like dominating the marketplace.
I see them as sticking around for a while until it's not making them money enough.
I see them as leeching it.
I, I, I will miss Mixer for the competition.
It was giving Twitch the healthy competition and I think it was forcing each other to innovate.
Um, Facebook is innovating nothing, so I don't see, um, Twitch having to, uh, really respond
in that regard.
Um, so it will be interesting to see.
I mean, I guess YouTube is now kind of the big competitor in that space with Twitch.
It'll be interesting to see if maybe a Phoenix rises from the ashes and we get kind of like
a beam pro 2.0 type of thing, uh, to, to compete.
We'll see.
I don't know.
But my, again, my heart goes out to those that invested so much on the Mixer just to
have the rug pulled out from under them.
And it, it, I think it should make, I mean, between that and I don't think it's on the
show role tonight, but we have the news about like the Microsoft stores are going away basically.
And that's all changing to like, I can understand why people are kind of cautious of Microsoft
in the moment.
Um, and that's a real bummer because there's so much enthusiasm for what Microsoft's about
to bring to the table through their cloud gaming and through the series X and through
the studios that they've purchased and so forth.
So maybe Microsoft sitting on a poker hand that they say, you know what, people are going
to forget about these crappy things because this poker hand we're holding of all these
things we're yet to announce is so good that we're cleaning things up before we kind of
put our cards on the table, so to speak, but they think it is, or they think, yeah, they
think it is.
Um, I just, but my, I mean, real people were affected by this and it just, it really stinks.
And I, I just feel businesses really care that real people are, of course, of course
they don't, of course they don't know, but I think that's a wake up call to every streamer
and no matter where you're broadcasting, that's it, end of sentence, that's the tweet, it
should be a wake up call for everybody.
Uh, the platform at the end of the day will sell you to Facebook if that's what they feel
like they need to do to make the most money for their investors or the people that make
the money off it.
And isn't what now doing like a welcome back kind of thing?
Yeah.
I mean, Twitch is seeing the opportunity in it and they have to be snickering in some
type of way that even though Mixer is like, you can do all of this and seamlessly integrate
to Facebook gaming.
There are so many people that are like, you know what, I'd rather just go back to Twitch
even though I maybe burned my bridges over there.
I'd still rather do that than Facebook gaming, which I obviously I'm thriving on that.
It gives me such energy.
Um, but yeah, so anyway.
Well, good deal for like the folks that did take the money for Mixer because now they're
out of their contracts and they still get paid and then they still get to go back to
these platforms where they probably still have a lot of followers and stuff.
Well and what a stupid decision then that all ended up being, wasn't it?
I hope some people are answering for that right now.
Um, so for all the credit I've given Phil Spencer over the years, and I think he has
driven Microsoft in a much better or Xbox specifically, obviously in a better direction.
So for this is quite the blemish.
So that's all I have to say on that.
All right.
Just wait.
We're only like months away from hearing Google announced that they're getting rid of Stadia
too.
All right.
Moving on.
Do we really think that's going to happen though?
Oh yeah.
It will definitely happen.
That'll be one of those things we put in the time capsule for 2021.
Did we even do a time capsule?
I don't think we did.
Did we?
I thought we didn't.
Anyway.
I don't think I did.
Oh well.
I have no predictions.
Honestly, could anyone have predicted the way this year would go?
Maybe it's for the best.
We don't have anything.
Yeah.
What happened to the murder hornets?
You know, now we have meth alligators.
What happened to the murder hornets?
They're on hold.
I like how SSJ 100 math says, Oh, don't joke Loki.
It's 2020.
Yeah.
Speaking of it's 2020, I saw a trailer today for a new movie called Greenland talking about
like an asteroid hitting earth.
I'm like, now's not the time for those types of movies.
Really like now's not the time to an earth disaster movie.
Sorry.
I got sidetracked with something IRL.
What were you saying?
Oh, I was just saying that, uh, there's this movie Greenland coming out.
That's like your typical, uh, Roland Emmert disaster flick or whatever, no asteroids hitting
the earth and destroying everything.
I was like, no, no, no.
You want to know what is crazy is that I've been watching a lot more horror flicks lately.
The psychological ones is like, I've watched the witch.
I watched, uh, hereditary.
I watched Midsommar, which I fucking love that movie.
I've I watched, uh, a girl walks alone at night, which is a really good movie too.
Just like I even re-watched like the house where evil dwells, which I actually liked
that movie too.
It's just like the, the scary stuff is preferable to reality.
I would rather deal with, uh, you know, Japanese murder ghosts than this bullshit we're living
in right now.
Um, Phoenix 77 26 in chat says, uh, the murder horn hornets saw the current situation and
felt pity on us.
L L a S U and her mat says, yeah, we don't need a disaster movie right now.
Hype mayhem says my July, 2020 prediction, oblivion gates open up everywhere.
Um, yeah, so it's, it's, it's been a year living in a disaster movie.
It's been a year.
I mean, you know, it's bad when the rest of the world is quarantining against us.
Or if Halloween gets canceled, y'all.
If Halloween gets canceled, I know, I know, don't, don't buy candy at the store.
Let me sit on this one tiny little glimmer.
However, however, hopeless of hope that I have that maybe there can be a Halloween anyhow.
All right, moving on.
Oh, let's talk about crash bandicoot.
I guess that's exciting.
At least, at least 2020 will give us that finally, a new Chris, no, this looks really
cool actually.
Now we already talked about this a little bit on last week's show because it spilled
early, but we got more details on crash bandicoot for it's about time.
Uh, it was confirmed earlier this week by Activision being developed by toys for Bob.
Um, it is sporting a new kind of, or kind of like the more HD remake crash style there.
But otherwise the classic, uh, behind the back kind of over the shoulder platforming
that is going to be in the game, crashes in it, Coco cortex, all that stuff.
Cortex has been banished to the past and he's now planning crashes doom.
So I like that they're doing this tongue in cheek thing there with this whole it's about
time when it's taken so long for there to be a new crash game.
It's kind of like they're doing a play on words and it's super cute.
Um, so anyhow, uh, they also in the trailer say they've only beaten cortex three times,
although they could swear that they were more.
And so, um, they just kind of ignored all the other crash games that happened outside
the first three.
So this is a true crash for games.
So now, um, no games made by like traveler's tale or radical entertainment, that stuff
I'll count anymore.
Anyhow crash four will be coming out October 2nd for PlayStation four and X-Box one, nothing
on the switch as of yet.
Although I'm pretty sure Activision was asked about that.
And they said something like, you know, if the, if the people want it or if the demand
is there, probably your typical non-answer answer, meaning it's not being made now, but
maybe later type of thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly that
dark soccer.
What's next?
Well, um, I'm not super surprised by this at all because I kind of felt it was going
to happen the moment Nintendo said they were going to do some mobile games.
Um, and yes, uh, pocket camp was fun for a hot minute.
Um, but Nintendo is moving away from mobile gaming.
Um, they had a really, really disappointing result, um, and they basically just ended it
all together.
A president, um, Flutakada Shuntada was, um, you know, he was all down for it.
He's like, it's going to be a big business, it's going to have growth and now, uh, no.
So he basically said we are, and this is a quote, we are not necessarily looking to continue
releasing many new applications for the mobile market.
And I mean, look at it right now though, um, it's, they've made so much with animal crossing.
Um, they have so many other really good games.
Um, you know, they have like super Mario run just like shot down the shitter, you know,
and on top of that, um, now after he said that statement, Nintendo share did fall about
4%, but the writing was on the wall.
This is going to happen.
Um, and actually as for right now, um, the only things that I see for Nintendo that's
making money is still animal crossing pocket camp.
Um, Dragalia lost that's way gone down.
Super Mario run has gone down.
Fire Emblem heroes has gone way down and yeah, animal crossing is still doing pretty good.
It's kind of, those rankings are kind of sad cause I actually feel like Dragalia lost,
you know, when Nintendo kind of does something new as opposed to animal crossing is a little
bit different.
I think animal crossing kind of works as the type of game it is, but like it wasn't working
when they were trying to turn platformers like super Mario brothers, like dr Mario.
Yes, more of a puzzle game, but still kind of action oriented like Mario cart when they
try to turn those games to mobile, they just don't work.
But the other types of games and the new stuff, like I actually think Dragalia lost is probably
one of the stronger titles they put out.
And the nice thing about it is it's not tied to any other Nintendo product.
And I kind of think that's the direction Nintendo should have thought about staying in.
But you know, the only thing that's really, I think, helped with the pocket camp to be
honest is people who have forgot to cancel their subscriptions to like the, the leaf
ticket service and all of that.
I mean, I almost forgot to do it, but you know, once I got my, my goodies from pocket
camp, I was like, okay, I'm kind of done with this.
It's not really that fun.
You know, you can't really, you don't have the same customization.
And then you know, on top of that, I think that they've got really big competition in
the form of Fortnite.
Honor of Kings is way making money in comparison to what the, you know, Nintendo titles are
doing as far as the mobile competition.
They are, honestly, I think it's, it's wise.
I think it's a good thing for them that they're not really pulling a hole out of it.
They should keep, you know, support for what they have on there now.
You know what I think that would make the money is if they did a specifically mobile
ACE attorney game, that would be fun.
That would bring them the moolah.
Um, but you know, I, I also feel like I was just gonna say, I feel like Nintendo is almost
strongest when other people are allowed to develop their IPs on mobile.
And obviously what's coming to my mind is Pokemon go.
And I realized little different cause Pokemon is the Pokemon company, but it's still kind
of all, it's still kind of all wraps up to Nintendo.
And I still kind of feel like that's the strongest title.
And that was like somebody else's new idea type of thing.
And I think that's like by far the strongest title that's out there that involves a Nintendo
product.
But granted, I know Pokemon is like not really Nintendo, but it is, you know, I mean, I never
played that, that, um, uh, Fire Emblem heroes.
But what if they did like a Fire Emblem thing kind of like Orna?
Oh, uh, cool.
Yeah.
I mean, I, who knows what else Niantic is working on for the future.
There might be other Nintendo related stuff in development.
Who knows?
Uh, we know content harvest their partnerships.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, um, we'll see what, uh, doesn't develop from Nintendo on the mobile front,
or maybe if they do end up kind of letting go and letting some other people develop for
that.
Or if they're just like, eh, maybe not.
Uh, I would take an old school Final Fantasy style Ornae game.
Yeah.
Heck yeah.
Uh, there is a square game that's out for Apple arcade.
So, um, it's not very good.
I don't think it is, but I'm just saying, you know, it wouldn't be too hard, but it
seems that, that, uh, some of those, uh, other companies are looking more to partner with,
uh, you know, the arcade service.
All right.
Well, uh, Loki, you have a pretty logical followup for this, right?
Yeah.
So there was a little trailer for a brand new, uh, summer update coming to animal crossing
new horizons.
And so with this, there's going to be some cool stuff, including, um, diving into the
sea and swimming.
So now, uh, you can actually go in there and look for treasure and furniture and also new
fish in aquatic wildlife that you can then donate to your museum or sell.
And then along with that, the return of Pascal and Gulliver, um,
Gulliver's already back, but I think we're getting pirate Gulliver.
Yes.
Pirate Gulliver.
And you're able to trade it for a mermaid furniture.
Well, hey, I'm excited about Pascal because I ordered a Pascal card and then I actually
can use him in the photo thing.
Yeah.
I'm excited.
Pascal is who you trade for the furniture.
Yeah.
I'm excited to get more content for animal crossing.
Cause I feel a little like, okay, I'm a little worn out on what's there.
Although, uh, I forgot to mention during my gaming week, the, the bug off happened on
Saturday.
That was cute.
Like that wasn't just a nice little diversion.
My birthday happened.
Did you get your gold?
Uh, no, I didn't play enough.
I didn't even get the bronze.
What is that?
Oh, your town?
She's showing, she's showing it on a stream for those are on the podcast, but, uh, but,
um, well, one thing I was going to say with, uh, animal crossing.
So, um, you may or may not know I had a birthday this past week as well.
Cause my birthday's only a few days after OLR.
So I happy.
Thank you.
I got to do my birthday and animal crossing.
And that was really cute.
Cause it's a whole little like sequence where it's kind of like, like right when you start
and you like appear outside your house, your best friend in the town who I assume cause
ketchup showed up for me and I love her.
So she showed up and she's like, come with me, don't ask questions.
And then suddenly I'm in ketchup's house.
And then who I believe are my next two best friends on the Island poncho and rocket, because
they were my two starters.
So I've talked to them every day.
So I'm pretty sure they're my closest friends next to ketchup, who I've also been showering
and gifts.
Um, they all showed up for my party and it was really cute.
And then they gave me cupcakes and you go give everybody on the Island a cupcake and
they give you something party themed in return.
So you get like a party floor and a party wall and all this other stuff.
It's cute.
That's why I didn't get any of that stuff because I kept my cupcakes.
Oh, you're supposed to trade them to the villagers and they give you stuff.
If I do it afterwards, it's like, here's a cupcake.
Here's a moldy cupcake.
I don't want this.
This is super old.
You know, what's funny is that I got kidnapped by Agnes who I didn't realize she was my bestie,
but she kind of is like the kind of person I would hang out with.
She's one of the uchi characters, the big sister kind.
And so like, okay, Agnes, you're cool.
But I guess, you know, I had my whole birthday party on animal crossing with everybody.
Yeah.
Well, you, you, you were right when the game came out too.
So it was kind of, you were one of the first to get a birthday in animal crossing.
So a few weeks after.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah.
Uh, also my least favorite villager left this week.
So that was exciting.
And now I have, Oh, I can't remember Nana.
She's gone.
And uh, I can't remember the name of who I got us a replacement, but he, he's a smug
type.
He's a large bear that is like a Greek God type.
Oh, I know who that is.
Yeah.
I can't remember his name in the moment.
Klaus.
That's it's Klaus.
I know what I called the German bear.
Yeah.
So I got Roman German bear when I went to the nook Island.
And so I was, I knew I was hunting for a smug villager cause it was the one type I didn't
have.
So when I went nook, I saw like this, this bear is gigantic.
I could see him from like when I started the Island, I was like, dang, this bear is big.
So yeah, that's why, that's why I took into the town.
And then I laughed.
Cause he has like a whole like Greek God theme going with him.
Do you want me to drop off my binder of animal crossing cards next time you need any villager?
Oh yeah.
Actually.
Yes.
Cause uh, I am going to let Alan really wants Gigi.
I have the Gigi card.
Okay.
Well then maybe we can just do it that way.
Cause, but, but I love Gigi.
I have Gigi and Naomi who are the same type and I kind of prefer Naomi.
So I think I have Naomi too.
All right.
It's turning into an animal crossing podcast.
I'm sorry.
We can do one anyway.
It doesn't matter.
I know.
We've got it.
We've got to get to your classic game though.
Cause I know you've got to go soon.
I will say, um, uh, animal crossing, even though I'm getting, even though I keep talking
about it, I do, I do appreciate that there's new stuff coming to kind of motivate me to
keep going with it.
And this is coming at a very good time, I think.
So, all right, moving on, let's talk quickly about the smash brothers direct that happened
this week.
So we knew that we were going to be getting a character from arms.
Uh, and so we did get announced, uh, the character from arms will be Min Min will be coming over
from arms.
And uh, so, so unfortunately a lot of people were hoping for twin tell who I guess Shane
messaged me and said, I called twin tell twin Tanya, which is a final fantasy 14 boss on
the last show and nobody bothered to correct me.
I've been playing too much of 14 anyway, twin tell was, it seemed to be a popular choice
on Twitter.
Uh, but it did end up being Min Min who I think a lot of people, I think people are
kind of like, okay, it's kind of like the reaction I'm kind of feeling out there.
It's Min Min.
Okay.
So anyway, um, that is the new character that's coming to smash and they, you know, detailed
how it's all going to work and kind of the Springs and all that type of stuff.
Now what else was announced during, I mean, we knew we were getting an arms character,
but what about some of the stuff we didn't know about?
So there were actually some new me fighter costumes that were unveiled and one of them
is the fallout boy or not, not like the band fallout boy, but like the little pit boy from
fallout is, which is weird because I'm like, is there even a fallout game on switch?
Maybe shell, maybe fallout shelters on switch.
That's all I can think of.
So, um, there's that.
I think that's kind of interesting.
And then you can get some of the, uh, splatoon characters as well, which I think is really
cute.
And there's some other stuff too.
Uh, 75 cents each for the, those are me fighter costumes.
So it's not like an actual character, but you can make your me fighter and look like
one.
And there's more amiibo coming, including persona fives, joker, and that amiibo looks
awesome.
Actually, that's coming this fall.
And they're also going to be doing the hero from the dragon quest series, who's also added
the game previously, uh, both those figures coming out this fall.
So yes, amiibo is still a thing if you are wondering.
So that was a fun direct.
I must admit I didn't watch it live.
I just checked out the cliff notes after the fact, cause I don't play smash quite as frequently
as I think other people I know, but, um, yeah, I'm excited to, to, I think some of the me
characters they're doing are really cute.
And uh, I love that this game is still going all this time after it released, uh, poor
Sakurai probably needs a fucking nap, but good for him working so hard on this game
and everything.
So cool.
Cool.
All right.
Moving on.
Uh, Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura, you're muted.
I think.
I'm still muted.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry about it.
Um, so to move on to Canada, we don't give Canada enough love.
Do we?
Love you Canada.
You have a right to close your borders.
Um, there is the entertainment software association of Canada.
Sorry.
Quick aside.
Just fact though, I was supposed to be in Toronto this weekend.
There wasn't even supposed to be a show today.
I was supposed to be in Toronto for pride this year.
That was the original plan.
So frown.
Anyway.
Sorry Jamie.
But that was important.
Girl.
Okay.
Anyway.
Um, they, what they do is they, uh, support the growth of Canada's video game industry.
So they do research advocacy, um, and promote awareness of issues that affect video gaming
and the development thereof.
And they also work in talent development and technology skills.
Um, and so what they've done, they are hosting the Canadian student video game competition.
So they're inviting post-secondary students from across the country to participate, to
show their skills and show excellence in three categories, originality slash creativity,
artistic expression and technical proficiency.
So, um, they are doing it in the form of video games.
They want to really promote and cultivate, uh, new, new blood in the industry.
So their winning team, um, will, uh, has a cash award of $6,000 Canadian to be put toward
new equipment to continue in their education and training.
So, uh, it's now in their sixth year, they've received 20 submissions this year.
And, uh, like last year, um, we, the looks like the first unit, like, you know, I'm trying
to say winner and I'm looking at university was, um, uh, from the school of digital, uh,
arts animation and design at the university of Quebec.
Um, and then, uh, another one from, it looks like their mathematic I'm translating to the
university of Quebec, mathematic information team.
And they build a game called cold sun.
I'm sure we've seen this around.
Haven't you, um, I've been seeing ads for cold sun.
And then the second place was a game called wormwood from Sheridan college.
And third place was the last frame from, uh, uh, I think it's also university of
Quebec, uh, uh, she, she called Timmy.
I think is how it's pronounced, but yeah, cold sun is, is this third party stealth
game, um, kind of, you know, post POCA, post post-apocalyptic that basically you have
to scavenge her resources by using garbage.
Um, and then wormwood is a hack and slash and last frame is a cooperative puzzle game.
So I'm really looking forward to seeing what comes out of it this year.
That'd be really cool.
Yeah.
Hooray for the future of game developers.
Yay, Canada.
All right.
Yay, Canada.
All right.
To which, uh, we actually have a chatter in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog
network named I am Canadian 47 who just responded with clap emojis.
So there you go.
Shout out to Canada.
Uh, I am Canadian 47 also says pride up here was virtual.
So it was quieter.
Yeah.
They've been doing it.
They did like a big virtual pride on Amazon.
I think there's like, it's not, it's not quite the same.
I don't know.
It's just, yeah.
I mean, I don't like to go to the one in San Francisco anymore because San Francisco is
so packed in like something weird started happening in my thirties and now my forties
were like, I suddenly have claustrophobia in certain situations and San Francisco pride
like gets that going.
Whereas when I was in Chicago, it was fine, but that's because there's, it's so like the
route is gigantic and there's so much space.
I didn't feel like it's packed in when I was there and I was looking forward to Toronto
this year, but we'll just have to make it happen in a future year.
For me, San Francisco pride.
Um, I much prefer it to the garbage that was Sacramento pride.
Um, cause it was garbage.
It was really bad.
Super hot, overcrowded, not enough water, not enough emergency.
Um, I've been to a festival where San Francisco has been run pretty, pretty well.
Um, as long as at least I've gone to it.
And of course I also have the advantage of marching in it with the sisters.
I remember the rainbow festival here, which is labor day weekend beat.
Now granted, I haven't been, I haven't been in like eight years because of dragon con.
Um, but with the rainbow festival, I always say that was something the bars downtown just
kind of did on their own.
That's a better time of year.
It's not as hot labor day weekend.
And honestly though, this past one, I don't know.
It seemed pretty tame.
The most exciting place that, that I went to was probably what was supposed to be there.
You know, their answer to Dory alley, you know, the, the leather place.
Um, and I had a good time, um, but it was, it was pretty quiet.
I think I went in face come to think of it, or maybe I didn't anyway.
All right.
It was still fun.
Let's move on for time.
So Loki, what do you have next for us?
All right.
So let's talk about more Pokemon announcements.
So we've got this brand new game announced by the Pokemon company called Pokemon unite.
It's a team-based mobile battle arena game that's created with the company Tencent and
it's free to play on the switch and as well as mobile.
And I guess it's five on five, um, base or team-based MOBA.
So no word on what it's supposed to be coming out, but it looks interesting.
I'm not really one to play MOBAs.
So it's not something that appeals to me, but I know there are a lot of people that
like that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
I, I, I, I've enjoyed some of the MOBAs I've played.
Like I just, there's a lot of toxic people that play them.
And so it usually scares me off from them.
Probably my best experience was in heroes of the storm, because when you play versus
AI, it's a lot less toxic there because all the edge Lords are playing more of the PVP
stuff.
So that was probably my best experience was playing heroes of the storm.
So I know a lot of people were upset about this Pokemon news because I think some people
set the bar way too high.
Like they were expecting Pokemon let's go for the Sinnoh regions, which, you know, when
they've got DLC still happening for the main game is not going to happen anyway.
Um, or they were expecting, I don't know, like gen four remix or something, but it's
like, you just got new Pokemon snap announced.
Like it's not going to exceed that.
Um, so some people are disappointed, but I, I, I welcome it.
I don't think it's the worst thing they could have announced.
Um, I think it could be interesting.
Yeah.
It's different to be willing to see what it's like.
Um, you know, there was the other Pokemon game that they had that was all kind of cubish.
Um, that was okay.
Um, I don't know.
It's nice that they're experimenting with the franchise.
Um, I forgot to say during my gaming week, I played that Pokemon cafe came out, um, and
I played a little bit of that.
It's super cute.
Like the art style's great.
And, uh, it's, it's kind of a cute way to look at Pokemon.
And at first I was kind of, Oh, it is kind of Tsum Tsum, but it's kind of like a puzzler.
Like you only have so many swipes to clear the board and it starts to turn into freemium
trash real quick.
Sorry.
But, um, there's, there's a really cute art style there that maybe could be developed
into other games or I just wish there was a nonstop mode like Tsum Tsum has, like, I
don't know why it needed to be a strictly a puzzler.
Um, probably that's how they plan to make money, but maybe when this game kind of fizzles
out because it's not very good, um, they'll look at different ways to, um, innovate it
and maybe I'll get the, I like how you say that because it's not very good.
Well, I'm just, I'm in a mood tonight.
I'm just, I'm not making friends tonight.
Sadly, I'm a little bit of a cactus tonight.
Happy pride.
All right.
All right.
Uh, let's move on and, uh, Oh, I think this one's my story and this is about some anime
that's going to be happening.
So there was a cyberpunk reveal that happened this week as well.
So they were explaining more about that game.
And as part of it, there's going to be a collaboration between studio trigger and CD project red
and for Netflix in 2022, a new anime series called cyberpunk edge runners will be coming
out.
And if that didn't have your attention, what if I told you that Akira Yamaoka is doing
the music for it?
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Right.
So I think that's pretty cool.
Uh, so the screenplay is being handled by Yoshiki Ussa and Masahiko Otsuka.
Uh, and so I think this is a good kind of expand the world of cyberpunk and these anime
series on Netflix based on video games have done pretty well.
I guess some people could kind of give or take the ingress one, but I guess the Castlevania
was pretty good.
Uh, and is there one of the ingress one in there?
Yeah.
Like, well, there's plenty of them, but if the ingress one is, it's kind of plagued
by the same problem that ingress has, which is the storylines really convoluted and confusing
and the anime plays that game for the story.
Give me a break.
Exactly.
But it's just like anime was really good.
Ooh, yeah.
And I'm sorry if they should have released this in the US, but the animal crossing anime
was really cute and really sweet.
Maybe they will.
Also announced for anime adaptation in the worlds of video games.
This is pretty cool.
The world ends with you is going to be getting an anime adaptation.
Remember that game?
It was just a recently re-released on switch, not that long ago.
Anime expo light.
We'll be getting more details on that.
Basically the real anime expo not happening because of COVID.
So they're doing the online deal.
So just think this, you would have got to see this in person maybe if COVID hadn't happened,
but it did.
So anime expo light on Friday, July 3rd, 6 PM Pacific, and then Saturday, July 4th,
10 AM.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's time zone conversion for Japan.
So more information you can check out their website is, Ooh, it's subarashiki-anime.jp.
And that's the world ends with you anime, and I'm sure our pals over at anime jam session
Tuesday nights hosted here at VOG network.
I'm sure they will have plenty more to say on these stories.
So check them out Tuesday night.
All right.
Meanwhile, it's time to get to the classic game of the week and dark soccer.
Are you ready for this?
I have something very special.
So it's time for the classic game of the week and the return of the cute little music that
plays in the background, which we haven't had for a long time.
And a little, little video flourish for our pals over on Twitch.
So every week, dark soccer steps into the gaming vault and she's trying to find a game
that, Hey, you brats should check out this game, respect this game.
But once a month, dark soccer says, you know what, I'm going to mix it up and pick a pinball
game.
Uh, and, uh, we're finally getting to June's.
There was a lot of other stuff that needed attention this month.
So we're, we're, we're getting to June's pinball pick at the end of the month, but that's okay.
So dark soccer, what did you pick for the classic pinball of the month?
I picked the shadow, terrible movie, really cool game.
Um, so, um, it was designed by Brian Eddie.
The software was done by Mike Boone, um, artwork by Doug Watson.
Um, it's, it's really an interesting, an interesting table.
So, um, hold on just a second.
Cause I'm trying to actually get the layout of the shadow so I can describe a little bit
more.
Um, we do see some video footage of it.
Sadly, I wasn't able to get around to get any of the music.
I couldn't find a clean copy, but we do have the video playing, uh, for our Twitch friends.
So one of the very interesting things about it to me is that, um, if you're looking at
that there is on the upper left hand side, a, um, like a mini little play field that
has, uh, this kind of paddly game on it is just really cool.
And that's one of, I think for me, I'd kind of call it the gimmick of the game, but overall
it's a really fun one to play.
I'm no good at it.
I'm just going to tell you this right now.
I don't play it that often.
Um, and I think we loaned ours out right now, but yeah, it's called the battlefield is that
whole section up there and it's got some fun ramp action, you know, and even the theming
of it, um, you know, if it wasn't the shadow, just having that whole art deco look to it
just really is quite attractive.
So it's a really, really pretty, pretty looking one.
Um, and yeah, uh, Questbuster also points out that the soundtrack by Goldsmith was great
and actually, yeah, it was.
I saw this in the theater.
Um, but as far as, uh, other things about it, you've got all these different scenes.
You have punish the guilty Farley Claymore, duel of wills, which is a video mode, um,
brilliant sphere, escape from underwater, escape underwater, doom, and discover hotel
monolith.
You have, um, the bat, the battlefield, like I was just mentioning, you have shadow multi-ball
and con multi-ball.
Um, and it actually had Tim Curry in it, Rob, some of the actors, um, recorded new speech
for the game.
So you had Penelope and Miller, uh, John loan and Tim Curry.
So, uh, and then, um, there, though, the, the, the character for the shadow was actually
voiced by one of the Williams, uh, midway voice actors, uh, Tim, uh, kids row.
Um, and then it was kind of funny because like that whole battlefield thing is kinda,
you know, Arkanoid breakout E sorta sorta thing.
Um, but at any rate they produced 4,247 units, it was released November, 1994.
So right after I graduated high school, um, and, uh, you know, it had the usual, uh, you
know, cheeseball catchphrases for marketing, like when the shadow falls, earnings rise
and no one can resist the power of the shadow.
And then the shadow has the power to cloud men's minds, but the shadow pinball has the
power to seize players' imaginations, whatever.
Um, you can, uh, get ROMs of it for pen maim.
Um, there's of course, you know, you can still kind of get some of the stuff for it.
It's really, really fun.
There's something, I think a couple of mods for it.
I'm not really familiar cause we haven't, I don't think we've really done anything like
that.
Um, there, uh, I'm trying to see like what the last one, I don't remember what we, what
we paid for ours, but they, it's one of the, from what I understand, I don't think you
have to pay too much for it, like two grand maybe for a really good one.
Um, but yeah, it's a fun one.
Um, you know, like I said, terrible movie, excellent machine.
I recommend it.
We have one ourselves.
Like I said, we loaned it out.
Um, one of Dan's buddies was streaming it not too long ago and that was our table.
You know, sometimes, um, bad movies become okay games or even better pinball tables,
you know, it can happen sometimes.
So it's pretty cool.
But you know, it's, I think my favorite thing about it is just that whole, you know, pseudo
art deco style.
I just think it's really, really cool looking.
All right.
I know they definitely had good style, even if poor execution.
There it is your classic pinball table of the month, the shadow.
Good pick.
Yep.
All right.
Happy to happy to be of service and yeah, now I'm like way, not way past where I need
to be.
All right.
So sadly, blah, blah, blah.
Yep.
Sadly, I think we have to say goodnight to dark Sakura.
Uh, but any, uh, thanks for being here as always.
Happy 18th.
Um, and any parting words for us tonight?
Right.
Yeah.
And go to adult jail.
Well, I don't know, but I, I'm, I'm really flattered that everyone liked, um, like the
theme and likes the artwork and, uh, there'll be other versions of the artwork, Rob, like
we've discussed.
So you'll see, you'll see more come of it and you know, I kind of gave everyone, we
gave them a bit of a preview cause our little icons on, uh, on discord, uh, for a video
that's, uh, that's part of it and the ferrets in there.
So you didn't have, you know, when I showed Alan, you know, speaking of like all the little
in jokes, which I hope you guys have fun looking at the different in jokes, but when I showed
Alan, do you know what he said?
What he said, where's president cat?
I didn't think of that.
Yeah, no, it's, and it's fine.
It's fine.
I don't, I don't want to like when you do such great art, I don't want to be like, but
what about this one thing you forgot?
No, it's, it's still great, but yeah, it was just funny specifically for Loki.
Did you notice what it was?
I don't know if Loki seemed like the final final version really briefly when I was on
the screen, but I wasn't paying to tingle holding broccoli.
Yeah.
There's tingles holding broccoli.
It's cute.
So we have the reference to the broccoli farm and there's like plugs for two yyr games in
there.
So I'll tell you what.
If someone would message me the two yyr plugs, which should be fairly fucking easy.
Yeah.
Um, maybe I will give you your own special version of the artwork.
Oh, fun.
All right.
Yeah.
All right.
Well thank you.
Dark Sakura.
We'll see you next time here on OLR.
And by the way, everyone look up at my camera.
Okay.
But the, the folks on podcast going to announce it.
Okay.
Wear your mask.
Hold on.
Happy pride.
Yeah.
And happy pride.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't.
I'm going to be muffled now cause I'm wearing a mask and I don't know if Jamie can see it,
but as that as that gave me these wonderful rainbow glitter masks.
I see it.
Yes.
So I'm, I'm Katana and Molina's gay brother right now.
I just have plain black ones, but I ordered, um, was it, uh, they were, they were doing
some promotion on Twitter and I think a gearbox was for Borderlands where they were offering
a psycho face mask.
So I got a set of those.
Nice.
I did get two masks when my friend Nikki came back from Thailand.
Um, one of them is red with cats all over it and then another one is a Doraemon one,
but it's upside down.
So, yeah.
But one of my sister friends is making me masks on the fabric that I have had forever.
So I'll show you those when I get them.
I think we have two of the rainbow masks and I think Alan just went to the store.
I know he went to the store cause that was what was the side conversation that distracted
me earlier.
Um, and I think he wore his rainbow mask out.
So I think he's just daring one of our bitch neighbors to say something on pride weekend
about his rainbow glitter mask.
I'm still tempted to put, to put out a pride flag for the fourth or a black lives matter
flag.
I'd have to get it past the hubby or get the, get the modern pride flag with the, uh, with
the, um, Chevron.
They call that a little, I want to, but, um, other than that, I don't want to put a flag
out.
So just saying.
All right.
Uh, we're gonna move on with the show.
Bye dark soccer.
Thanks for being here.
Okay.
Bye.
Let's talk about some rapid fire news.
We're going to go to Loki for some rapid fire news.
You know, I, I'm very disappointed with my social media following that I was not made
aware of this until several days after the official announcement.
So just to let everybody else know, that's not in the know, uh, earth defense for six
was announced, uh, coming in 2021.
Now that was just a teaser bit that was at the end of the actual announcement trailer
for a different game, which is a little odd, but it was called earth defense force.
Uh, world brothers, and it is a kind of a voxel Lee looking, uh, earth defense force
game.
That's going to be out on the switch and on PlayStation four.
It looks like a mashup between, you know, like, uh, Minecraft and earth defense force.
So I'm not sure what you do as far as like being able to build anything in the game,
but neat.
And I will definitely play it because it is, uh, something that appeals to, uh, both games
that I love dearly.
Um, so yeah, so those will be coming soon.
And then, uh, for July's Xbox, uh, live games of gold, we're gonna be getting, uh, WRC eight
FIA world rally championship and dunk Lords.
Those are both on Xbox one.
Then your Xbox.
I'm sorry.
Is that a game called dunk Lords?
Dunk Lords.
Yeah.
Is that like Dunkaroos?
What, what is, is that back?
What's that basketball?
Like dunk.
It's like a basketball type.
Okay.
Okay.
It's basketball.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it is a pretty cool.
And then you don't just dunk.
You dunk Lords.
Forget it.
Doesn't deserve it.
Of course.
One of my favorite Xbox three 60 games, saints row two, uh, and then also a game called juju.
That's going to be out later in the month.
Oh, juju B should totally win all stars five.
What?
Okay.
All right.
Moving on.
All right.
I have some rapid fire news as well.
Uh, let's talk about a sequel for blood stained curse of the moon.
Please note.
This is not the main blood stained game.
I mean, I would think that game's probably going to get a sequel at some point, but they
haven't confirmed anything with that.
However, that eight bit retro kind of thing that proceeded pretty good.
That was pretty good.
It was curse of the moon.
There is going to be a curse of the moon too.
Um, so that's pretty cool.
So you will play as Zangetsu, who is the swordsman who I believe you meet in the story
of the original.
So, um, if you've played the actual bloodstain game, you've already seen Zangetsu, um, but
there's a whole new cast of characters in the game that are end up in the playable roster
and so forth.
Um, no date yet on that, but we do know it's steam, Xbox one, PlayStation four and switch.
So pretty much everywhere.
Uh, so check that out.
That is the sequel to curse of the moon and which I think this is really funny.
There's a new game coming out called shakedown Hawaii, which is kind of a 16 bit retro action
game.
And this game is so retro, how retro is it?
It's coming out for the Wii and the Wii U that's, that's, that's not a typo or miss.
It's coming out for the Wii and the Wii U.
It's a port there.
So they, it's, it's out on like all the other platforms right now.
And the guy that made this one before he did, uh, try to think of the other one was called,
he did, he's done several like grand theft audit, like retro grand theft auto type games.
The first one I did was kind of an NES based one.
This one's SNES.
Um, great game actually, but it's cool to see that he's supporting those other systems
because he'd actually done that before too.
I think with like even in the PSP last time he put out a game as well.
So um, cool.
There's not a lot, well actually I wouldn't say there's not a lot of games coming out
on the Wii, but we had an announcement of another Wii game like not too long ago either.
So what the reality is, there's still millions of those machines out there and they still
work.
So why not?
Now this is very much a collector's thing and I think they even said it's only going
to be, it's going to be limited to 3000 copies for this Wii version.
So it's not something he's looking to mass produce.
This is very much a niche collectors type of thing that he's doing.
Um, and that's, you know, that's what it's for.
It's going to be 30 bucks too, which is more of a collector's price for a game like that.
But I'm sure there will be people that will be all about it.
So why not?
I think it's neat.
I think it's neat.
It's a good game.
I have it on Epic Game Store and it's pretty awesome.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, let's move on and let's get into some world release dates and check out some other
games that are coming out this week.
Maybe on the more modern systems.
Loki.
Yes.
So we've got a game called Brigadine, the Legend of Runeseria and that's coming out
on Nintendo Switch.
Color Cross Malice.
That's on Nintendo Switch.
We have a Death Come True, Nintendo Switch, iOS and Android.
Mr. Driller Drill Land on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Blaster Master Zero and Blaster Master Zero 2 both coming to PlayStation 4.
The Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel 3 on Nintendo Switch.
Little Town Hero on PC.
Track Mania on PC, which I'm assuming is the brand new version, not the older Track
Mania game.
And last but not least, coming to PlayStation VR, Marvel's Iron Man VR.
My son will be overly joyed with that.
All right.
Well traveling to Japan and checking out the release dates over there.
We have a few things on the Nintendo Switch this week, including Catherine Full Body for
Nintendo Switch is out this week on the second.
And probably one of the best titles, game title names you'll ever have on the Switch.
We have Wolf Meow Animal Hospital, an important, an important job to help pets.
It is an important job to help pets.
But I just love that name.
It's Wolf Meow Animal Hospital.
The songs that they make.
What do we, what do we, what do we call, what do we call the animal hospital in our game?
Quick.
Somebody give us a name to call this.
Oh, Wolf Meow.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes, Mr. Smoosh.
Now Wolf.
Anyway, actually the cover looks really cute.
I got to say this.
The game looks adorable.
Like I doubt it's getting a regional release here in the US, but like in Japan, if you
had like kids that wanted to be like a veterinarian when they grow up or something, this would
be like the perfect game for them.
It looks really cute.
Like you're actually like checking the temperature on the dog and giving a little bit of medicine
and inspecting the cat's eyes and doing all sorts of things.
It looks really cute.
So with as much like kind of crap I'm giving the game, I think it actually looks cute.
On the PlayStation 4, a little quieter this week, I guess nobody wanted to compete with
Wolf Meow, but you do have Marvel's Iron Man VR is also out in Japan.
I think that's like a worldwide release when that game hits.
How about the UK, Loki?
The UK, we've got Down the Rabbit Hole on PlayStation 4, Gun Club VR on PlayStation
4, I'm assuming PlayStation VR.
Big Pharma special edition on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.
No, fuck Big Pharma.
Evil bastards.
All right.
The Wonderful 101 remastered on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch, Iron Man VR as well
on PlayStation VR, Azure Striker Gunvolt Striker Pack on PlayStation 4.
And that's it.
Sorry, just the whole Big Pharma, like, you know how we do those little parody intros
on Twitch that inspired from you can't do that on television.
I think we had one like a year ago that was Wizards Unite against Big Pharma.
And it was a picture of that guy, that fucking asshole guy that bought the company and then
jacked up the meds.
That's all I can think of when you say Big Pharma.
It's funny that you say that because here's the summary of the title.
What if you have the power to rid the world of disease, to improve the lives of millions
to ease suffering and cure the sick, and earn a tidy profit?
Wow.
That's what you do.
I don't know how I feel about this game.
Wow.
All right.
Anyway.
Wow.
So combine that with Woof Meow Animal Hospital and you've got some worldwide drug treatment
this week.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and we're going to get to the mailbag every week.
You guys email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com and we read some of our favorite emails here
on the show.
And we actually have a few of them to get through here.
So let me make sure I get to them all.
And we're going to start tonight with our first email from YYR, who said, hello, LR.
Rob, I was thrilled that you mentioned Rocky's Boots last week.
Well, I was thrilled to bring it up.
I love that game.
I didn't get to spend as much time as I wanted with that game when I was little because I
never owned it myself.
But I remember how much fun I had with it in the short time that I played it.
I wonder if it'd be worth finding again for when my daughter is old enough to try it.
You probably wouldn't have to look that hard.
I'm almost positive it's on that archive website, you know, the library archive that has all
the old games.
I'm almost positive it's there.
Although I did hear, we didn't get into it on tonight's show, but I did hear there's
some type of lawsuit coming up against that archive and it might threaten its existence
because I don't think it's specifically the video game part of it, but I think there's
other stuff that they're archiving that copyright holders are taking issue with.
I think it's the books or something because it's bypassing some sort of like loaning.
I don't remember what the issue is, but it's book publishers that are having some problems
with it.
Yeah, you're right.
It is the book publishers, but that could trickle down and have an effect on the game
part of it.
Regardless, it's the internet, and if you really wanted to find a Commodore 64 and Apple
2 ROM, it's not that hard to do, so just putting that out there.
Anyway, YYRContinues in the email.
I did want to mention that it wasn't actually published by MECC.
It was actually a product of The Learning Company, but MECC had so much great output
as well, including Odell Lake, Number Munchers, and of course, The Oregon Trail.
You know what?
And I always got The Learning Company and MECC confused, so I'm not particularly...
And you know what?
A lot of those Apple 2 games were hard to distinguish from one another, so I think if
it was an edutainment game that existed, I kind of just defaulted it to MECC, but I
appreciate the clarification.
You're absolutely right.
Let's give credit where credit is due.
Never mind that, though, says YYR.
The most important part of this email is what I attached.
When I was in high school, I knew a guy who was part of a punk ska band called Fix.
The band wasn't around for very long, but one of its songs was dedicated to Rocky's
Boots the Game.
It is awesome, and I hope you can play it on air.
I'm very sorry, YYR.
You picked the worst night to send me an audio clip 30 minutes before the show, because I
was literally...
Like the smush clip that y'all saw on Twitch was done like minutes before we were on air,
so it was just a bad night for that.
I'm sorry, buddy.
But I think he says he'll put it in Discord, and that's great.
I did listen to it, and it did rock.
Anyway, it is awesome, and I hope you can play it on air.
I scoured the internet, and I couldn't find any trace of it.
Shazam had no clue what it was, and the band broke up over 20 years ago.
So I'm pretty sure you're in the clear.
But if you can't play it after all, I'll stick it in the VoG Discord.
Anyway, thanks for the show, and have a great week.
Stay healthy, happy, and sane, Aaron, or YYR.
Oh, I didn't even think about the fact that technically I'm not supposed to play copyright
music, but it was just a little clip, and I'm sure, like you said, it would have been
fine.
But sadly, it was like the worst night to send me a clip.
I'm sorry.
But put it in Discord, because it's funny.
And I love songs based off games.
So yeah.
All right.
Let's get to some more emails.
FrodoSwagons is next.
Hey all, I already brought this up in chat, but was wondering if you had any thoughts.
Not sure if you know who this is.
Doctor Disrespect is an insanely popular streamer, got permanently banned off of Twitch, and
just sort of disappeared.
Everyone is super confused as to what happened.
Twitch won't say why, and neither will the doctor.
Apparently, he brought up conspiracy theorist David Icky on stream shortly after he read
something on his phone and got emotional, and his stream ended.
I just find it odd that no one knows anything or won't speak up.
No idea what David would do with violation Twitch policies, but that's what some people
think.
No worries if you haven't heard of it.
Yes, I've heard of it, because I'm going to be honest, and I'm sorry if you're a fan.
I'm not directing anger at you, but I don't get why this guy is famous.
I don't get it.
And I kind of thought he would have got banned after he took the camera into the bathroom
at E3, because that wasn't funny.
I kind of feel like this whole Disrespect, Edgelord, I kind of think that stuff was the
attitude we're trying to get away from in games.
And look, I'm not going to shit on those of you that enjoy it, because I still laugh at
South Park once in a while.
I get it.
There's a time and a place for bathroom humor, but I don't get this guy, and I don't get
why he had all this fame.
So yes, I did hear about that it happened, and I don't know the reason why either.
We here at OLR do not have any extra information, I'm sorry to say.
And if he's not saying anything and Twitch isn't saying anything, the reality is we're
probably never going to know what happened.
He might write a tell-all book.
I imagine that's where something like this goes.
So maybe you'll find out at that point.
But nobody really owes anybody an explanation, so that part's kind of difficult as well.
So yeah, I don't know what else to add to that.
I don't know.
My coworker is a big fan of his, and I tried watching some of his stuff.
And I get the appeal because the character was kind of funny, but then there was a lot
of stuff recently that he's done that's just weird, and just spreading conspiracy theories
and stuff like that.
And I don't understand where there's a place for that.
And then, of course, there's the personal drama they went through, and then the drama
at E3.
And I think what Twitch is trying to do right now is get away from all the drama, and there's
been a lot of bans with folks that have been accused of different misconduct stuff.
So I don't know if it's just because of all the other things.
Who knows what the specific thing is this time.
And there's also, on the flip side of that, there's a lot of people that probably should
have been banned, and haven't been banned.
I don't really care about the drama because I'm here for the games, so it's unfortunate
if you're a fan of his, and he's off the air, and you'll just have to wait for him to say
what the reason is behind it, and hey, I hear that Facebook Gaming's looking for some brand
new faces for their platform, so you know.
Perfect.
But he couldn't go by, he'd have to use his real name on Facebook Gaming.
Perfect.
Put that over there.
Perfect.
There's so much drama out there, and I get it that we're all bored at home and stuff
like that, but I just, you know, the character's fine, and it's just all the other drama that's
around with it that I just don't really care for it.
I've got a limited amount of time in my day, and I'd rather watch someone that's more entertaining.
There are hundreds of other streamers, thousands of other streamers that can fill time, and
I'm sure you will enjoy watching as much as you enjoyed this guy, but I was not a fan,
so I just, okay, he's gone.
Cool.
All right.
Anyway, sorry.
I'm such a dick tonight.
I'm sorry, guys.
Like, it's supposed to be a happy night.
We're turning 18, but oh well.
All right.
Anyway, let's get to our next email, which is from Brad.
I appreciate the question that you asked us, and again, I'm not trying to be a jerk to
you.
Everybody likes what they like, whatever.
I just never understood why this guy was popular, but maybe I'm just old.
Maybe one of those people's like, I don't understand why the kids today listen to this
rock music.
It's just, maybe I'm hitting that point in my life.
I don't know.
Anyway, moving on to our next email, last email from Brad.
I believe this is our buddy Brad from PodCulture, who says, congrats on hitting 18, y'all.
This is one hell of a milestone.
You guys have been a part of my Sunday nights for so many years now.
I can't count the number of games and hours of fun that I've had because of something
I've heard about on your show.
You guys were the key inspiration for doing my own show with friends, and it was a huge
honor to have been asked for that same show to be a part of VOG.
Had it not been for the family that has grown around your show and Bobby's, certain dark
times in my life would have been a lot darker and probably would have not have turned out
as positive as they did, and I'm still humbled by that.
Thank you.
It is great having y'all around as part of my Sunday night routine.
Here is looking forward to another 18 or more.
Peace Brad.
Well, if we go for 18 more years, I'll be 60 years old, so that'll be something.
But thank you for those kind words.
I'm glad we could help.
I'm glad you're part of the family, and I welcome everybody that is here to treat others
with respect and just have fun, kind of like what Loki said, honestly.
Just have fun playing games and leave the drama.
I'm not into, and Bobby said it in chat too, and I remember a day at a time when fighting
with other streamers and other broadcasters and stuff was funny, and it's not funny.
We need to be lifting each other up because you know what?
Do you know how often podcasters are the butt of jokes in this day and age and all that stuff?
It's like, we need to be working together to get past some of that crap and not bringing
each other down.
So that's that.
All right.
Anyway, moving on.
That's it for emails.
We encourage more emails in future weeks.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send your emails.
Again, that's participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, we have a few more stories for you.
Loki.
All right.
So speaking of, we were talking a little bit about Facebook gaming earlier, well, another
portion of Facebook is dedicated to Oculus, and Oculus has decided that they're going
to be discontinuing the Oculus Go, which was their first foray to the wireless self-contained
VR platforms.
Of course, now you may remember they have the Oculus Quest, which is just better all
around.
And so unfortunately, they said they will, it'll still receive security packages and
bug fixes through 2022, but they're not shipping any new features starting now.
And they will update the storefront after December 18th of this year.
Isn't this kind of just like a logical thing like, oh, we're not selling Windows 7 anymore
because now there's Windows 10 and we'll support Windows 7 for a little bit, but it's someday
we're going to pull the plug on that.
It's just that kind of thing.
There's now this unit that does essentially the same thing.
So go get that one.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
And I mean, it makes sense.
There's more, there's better hardware, more features that are in the Oculus Quest.
It's just harder to probably support this older system when they're trying to push people
to a better platform.
So I mean, that's tech for you.
You know what Facebook should do with Oculus though?
They should sell it to somebody else and not have it anymore.
And this is not me being one of those, why did Facebook buy Oculus?
I completely understand why Facebook bought Oculus.
I just say, again, Facebook, Facebook needs less, not more.
And I don't, if certain things are to, you know, that maybe they are going to look at
antitrust stuff on Facebook, I bet Facebook will be under pressure to unload.
I don't know if Oculus would be one of the things, but I bet Instagram, because remember
when they bought Instagram, that was a huge deal too.
I bet they would be under a lot of pressure to unload Instagram.
So we'll see how that goes.
Anyway, sorry.
That's me being an old bitchy man again.
But and no shade on Oculus.
I'm glad it exists and so forth.
I just don't like their owners.
All right.
Let's move on.
Hey, this is some good news.
I have no complaints about this.
This is a great story.
It's a Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles for one was a underrated gem on the GameCube because
so few people actually bothered to hook up the Game Boy advances and play it all that
way.
But those that did do it have fond memories of doing so.
So it's pretty exciting that it's going to get a second life on the Switch.
And what I think is awesome, it was just announced that when the game launches on August 27th,
there will be a free demo available for Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles.
It will have three free dungeons as a part of the demo.
So you can just try that out.
But if you team up with somebody that has the full game, you can actually go to 13 dungeons
without having to buy anything extra.
So it opens up a lot more to explore in the demo version.
So it's an interesting kind of compromise between having everything and having just
a little bit.
It's like, oh, you get a little more if a friend has the game.
And that definitely like throws back to like the DS era, which again, I know this is more
like a GameCube Game Boy Advance thing, but the DS wasn't far behind.
And remember when we could like beam demos of games or like one person has the DS game
and they could beam it to others and everybody could kind of connect that way.
So it kind of like had the window for the Wii and the DS Crystal Chronicles.
Yeah.
Did they?
I thought they like announced it, but it never went anywhere.
I'm sorry.
It was chock chock.
Well, mystery dungeon.
Yeah.
Same concept where they had it.
Yes, that's right.
So, uh, yeah.
And, uh, Orange Right says it's too bad download play isn't built into the Switch, but isn't
it interesting how we're seeing games kind of use it anyway?
Because Clubhouse Games is another one that's doing this.
And then, uh, Pac-Man Versus, I think had that player or like it was a Namco collection
that had Pac-Man Versus in it and you could get the player.
It was really early on in the Switch's life because I think I remember grabbing it for
Dragon Con or something.
Yeah.
I think for the reason why download play isn't really a thing on the Switch is because the
ROM sizes are much larger and like a portable system, like the DS and the 3DS versus the
stuff that's in the Switch, whereas the Switch, it's not, it's not huge, but to beam all that
stuff over there, it's just not feasible to do it super quick.
Yeah.
It would be pretty heavy on network traffic, but it is kind of neat that you can still
like, you know, you download the local copy and then you're able to do this stuff.
I think that's going to be great for Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles.
I look forward to playing it.
So yeah.
I remember playing it a little bit, but I never got very far because how many people
had that whole setup?
I had an X that had the Game Boy Advance, that whole thing, so I could play with him,
but like we only ever played like two or three times.
So anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
A few more stories for you.
Loki.
All right.
And so we know about the Xbox Series X and what to kind of expect there.
What we don't know about is some of these leaks and information coming out about some
sort of system called a code name Lockhart, which the thought is it's going to be a
lower powered version of the Xbox Series X.
Some are thinking that it's going to be like an Xbox Series S, whereas, you know, we have
the Xbox One S as well, that could be maybe an only digital system or a system that may
be dedicated to just current gen Xbox One games.
No words on exactly what that's going to be, but we know that there's some information
based on the X2K and GDK release notes for June 2020 that reference the Lockhart profiling
and stuff.
And it lists these different dev kit.
It kind of refers back to that.
So I guess we'll find out later on what that means.
I don't know.
Very interesting.
I guess we'll find out in July because that's where we're supposed to get everything on
the table about Xbox Series X.
So some of these rumors will be addressed then.
And I think now most people are kind of anticipating Microsoft will end up being the cheaper console
one way or another.
The question is just how cheap does it end up and what do the features kind of look like
versus the other?
Because we know PlayStation five, there's disc and there's no disc.
Like you can, you know, otherwise they're probably going to be the same thing.
Microsoft, who knows?
Could one rely more on cloud gaming or so these other things that you're talking about
it maybe, you know, won't be there and it'll be, it'll be interesting.
Plus something else to consider your Xbox One is still going to play a lot of stuff.
So maybe it takes some of the pressure off of upgrading pretty fast.
I don't know.
It's, it's, it's interesting, but I do feel like we're going to get all the answers pretty
soon.
Yeah.
We'll see.
I'm waiting for more announcements.
We've got, was it that event coming in July?
So pretty soon, next couple of weeks.
She Hulk 10 and chat says they should be giving out these consoles for free.
Well, let's not forget Microsoft did toy with the whole like cell phone style Xbox at one
point.
And what I mean by that, only through those Microsoft retail centers, which don't exist
anymore.
Don't exist anymore.
But you never know.
They might partner with Facebook or something.
No.
They'll partner with somebody.
Yikes.
They'll partner with somebody maybe to offer the whole like subsidized.
If you get a certain year subscription to gold path.
I don't, I I'm being a little silly, but I we've seen the consoles try to take what works
for cell phones and make it work for them.
That part doesn't really seem to be stopping.
So it'd be interesting.
Right?
Yeah.
It'll be interesting to see what they announce.
I mean, we'll know hopefully soon enough.
Absolutely.
All right.
One more story here before we get to the last minute stuff and listen to round table.
If you guys have any questions or comments for us in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog
network, by all means, uh, say hello, ask your question.
And this one is, is kind of a, is this really news?
We knew this was going to happen, but it is official.
The super Nintendo world theme park opening at universal studios in Japan will be delayed.
You want to guess why?
Yep.
It's COVID-19.
So super Nintendo world will not be opening, even though universal studios in Japan opened
to visitors once again on June 8th, cause you know, in other places, believe it or not,
in a lot of other countries, they got COVID a little more under control than they do here.
So there's that, um, not to say it's completely under control, but they have a little more
under control.
So Japan opened up theme parks again with precautions on June 8th.
But super Nintendo world is not going to be opening, uh, as a result, uh, right away.
Uh, and so they've delayed the Nintendo area opening until later.
And no, uh, it was, it was going to be late July.
We don't know the new date now.
Um, and it's because of course, when they open this new land, they're anticipating,
they're going to get more visitors that are wanting to check out the new land.
And right now they don't want a flood of visitors because social distancing is still supposed
to be a thing.
They actually want to keep attendance down at a manageable levels.
In fact, right now, only people can visit the theme park if you live in the surrounding
Kansai region.
Uh, and so it's really cut the number of visitors way, way down.
Um, otherwise super Nintendo world is pretty much finished.
So once COVID is taken care of, we have vaccine, effective treatment, herd immunity, whatever
it is that takes care of this thing at the end of the day, uh, super Nintendo world will
be like ready to open.
Uh, and, uh, that means when air travel can resume again, so you can go to Japan and all
that stuff.
I'm just waiting for them to open up in Hollywood.
Um, cause they know they're working on it over there too, or at least they're supposed
to be at some point, 2022 super Nintendo land was really supposed to open in tandem with
the Tokyo Olympics and it was supposed to be like, well, not in tandem, but you know
what I mean?
Like still will.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Now with the Olympics being postponed to next year, maybe it still will.
So there is that.
Uh, and yeah, as Joe 100, Matt points out in chat, Disneyland delayed their opening.
Can't imagine Disney world will open on time either.
Yep.
Um, you know, I know a lot of people are, are crapping on the theme park opening stuff
and you know, precautions are very important and uh, you just have to wear the damn mask,
wear the damn mask.
If people, and that, that's why this country is having a problem where, where, where are
all these crazy people at trader Joe's and uh, whole foods that are screaming at the
camera and screaming at people about how masks are a president stuff in other countries.
It's not happening in other countries because other countries, they just wear the masks
here.
They don't do it.
And that's why we're not going anywhere.
I would argue it has very little to do with certain reopenings.
They've already proved the protest to not have the impact because people at protests
wear their, wore their goddamn masks.
And there were people at protests who were dedicated to handing out masks to those that
didn't have them.
And you didn't have those crazy people at the protest.
They didn't belong.
It's that's, that's it.
You want to know why COVID is still around.
Look at the people in those videos.
Anyway, I've gone on too many rents tonight.
Sorry.
We're, we're up for our listener round table.
If you'd like to participate with our show, if you have any questions or anything for
us in chat, go for it.
Otherwise, I will look to my cohost, Loki, to see if there's any last minute stories.
I thought there were a few things we didn't get to yet.
There's a couple of things that also weren't on the show roll.
So there's one thing that someone has developed a brand new exploit for the PlayStation 2
that allows you to play homebrew discs on the system without any mods needing to be
done to the system.
No USB keys, nothing.
It is just a way to burn a disc that'll actually play it on the system without any problems.
Pretty amazing.
It's a free DVD boot and it exploits, I guess, the DVD playing portion of the PlayStation
2, which sadly rules out my PlayStation 2 because the DVD drive, I think, is broken
on it.
But apparently it causes the, it triggers a corruption in video playback and then runs
the game through that security hole.
Pretty crazy that we're developing this stuff already, but yeah.
So there's that.
And then one other thing I was going to mention is there's some possible leaks about what
the announcements are going to be at Evo this year.
So some of the announcements, including a Marvel versus Capcom Invitational, they're
going to announce a collection that includes X-Men, Children of the Atom, all the way
through Marvel versus Capcom 2.
I guess kind of similar to what we had with the Arcade 1-Up cabinets, but just like in
the collection.
They were saying that they're going to announce Fei Long, Alina, and some new character who's
a Grilla member of the Neo-Chadaloo.
And some additional announcements, Tekken 7, Christy Montanaro, Dr. I can't pronounce
the name, Vakskonovich, and a guest character, Kamen Rider 01.
Neat.
Before we get to another story, since you brought up Arcade 1-Up, guess what email I
just got a couple hours ago?
I got an email from UPS saying I have a package coming tomorrow and somebody needs to be here
to sign for it.
It's very heavy.
Oh boy.
Coming from Los Angeles.
So I have to decide if I want to do like a stream of putting that together or not.
I don't know.
Because it's like IKEA.
Well I feel like the only time Alan and I really, really, truly fight is when we're
trying to put together furniture.
So that might be the type of thing we don't want to broadcast.
So we'll see.
I don't know.
I have to see how hard it is first.
I need to go back and watch Bobby's video when he got a Star Wars cabinet and see how
difficult of an undertaking it's going to be.
But I'm really excited that that's showing up.
And again, if you don't know, I bought myself a birthday present because my birthday was
this last week and they just, like the timing of the shipment just worked out.
I got one of the limited edition, I think there's only like 3000 or 3000 and change,
Burger Time arcade 1UP machines.
So I get to find out what number I am too.
That'll be fun too.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Very fun.
Cool.
Ooh, wow.
Bobby said it took four hours to put that thing together.
My gosh.
All right.
I like fun.
Let me get some other questions from chat.
Okay.
Bobby says don't stream it.
It takes too long.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Let's see.
Who says there are so many great games on the market and so little time, how do you
guys choose what game to play and finish?
Good question.
You know, a lot of times a game just kind of has to hold my attention long enough for
another game to not come in and eclipse it.
And then has to hope that the social games that I play, like the MMOs online also don't
knock it out of me paying attention to it either.
And it's one of those easier said than done sort of things.
Like I have really bad attention span issues when it comes to video games.
So when I do take the time to sit down and really finish a video game, play it start
to finish, something like the Final Fantasy 7 Remake is probably the most recent one.
I think that really is a compliment to the game.
And usually it's like I have to know what happens in the story or I just, I need to
see what, how this turns out or it's a franchise that I've been a fan of for a long time or
what have you.
I don't know.
Loki, how do you pick and choose?
It's just whatever holds my interest and a lot of times it's just, I've got so many
to play.
So yeah, it could be whatever holds my interest or what people are playing at that given time,
if I want to get in on that stuff.
I don't know.
I know I have a huge library of things I haven't gotten around to playing and we're in Steam
Summer Sale time and I'm still getting things.
So you know, yeah, I looked at the Steam Summer Sale as well and like, thankfully I resisted
so far.
I'm kind of like, all right, I've, I've got plenty of games, plenty of games.
I can never sit here and go, I have nothing to play because I still, there's that itch
IO bundle.
I'll never run out of things to play.
So it's just a matter of just what grabs my attention.
What in the moment says, Oh, this is shiny.
I want to check this out.
And that's, that's really what it is.
So yeah, there's a lot of games, like a lot of VR games I've been looking at.
I'm like, Ooh, I want to get that.
And then I'm like, when am I really going to play that?
Or, you know, just things that, Oh yeah, you know, that's on my wishlist.
Maybe actually, and no, I'm not going to play it.
I'm still going to get it, but I'm not going to play it.
SSJ100Matt says, did we talk about Rogue Legacy 2?
I forgot that announcement trailer came out this week.
No, we didn't yet.
I'm, I'm, I'll check that out.
I think it's interesting too.
I saw it kind of like the discussion in discord about that.
It's using the whole, like, it costs less money if you buy it early.
Uh, and then it'll cost more money by the time it actually comes out.
Cause it's kind of like they're, they're taking some of the money out.
Cause you're kind of effectively beta testing it in a way.
Uh, and so that's it.
I mean, heck Minecraft was the same way when it, wasn't it cheap when it was first
out and then when they like finally were like, okay, Minecraft's a real game.
Now they kind of bumped up the price, another $10, I think.
So maybe that was just cause Microsoft bought it.
I don't know, but, uh, yeah.
And, and some other comments and chat.
Attica was cheaper on early access.
Yeah.
So, uh, Rogue Legacy 2 is doing that.
I thought the first one was great.
I really enjoyed it.
I'm kind of surprised it took this long for them to announce a second one, but
maybe it's, you know, games don't, games don't show up overnight.
It's probably just taken a while to develop and now it's ready to be shown.
So that's exciting.
I was really one of the first like rogue likes.
I remember really playing when that genre really started to take off.
I think it was an early PlayStation plus game or something.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else?
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
As far as, uh, news I had, um, I, well, I'm probably gonna end up doing it.
At some point is going through, I like to sort by least expensive and
see what they have offering there.
I did that on the eShop the other week and I got a, I got a game for a penny.
Oh yeah.
You were mentioning buying games for like 9 cents a penny.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's fun.
Yeah.
I have some of my kids to play.
All right.
Well, I guess with that, we're going to move to wrap up the show.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show this week,
or maybe you were listening live on Twitch.
Thank you guys for your support over 18 years.
Um, and you know, we're gonna, we're gonna keep on going.
I hope you guys liked some of the little, little flourishes we added to the show
tonight, just to keep things fun.
Uh, not just on Twitch, but on the podcast feed as well.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Islands Radio,
please help us spread the word.
Uh, we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if the voices aren't here to
put out on the air, then we're missing something.
So we need to get more voices here.
So help us spread the word, tell a friend or two about the show.
Um, the, that word of mouth goes an awfully long, an awfully long way.
Auto hosts on Twitch are also amazing.
And we really appreciate those when you can set those up.
Uh, so thank you.
Thank you to everybody who hosts us on Twitch.
Uh, thank you to all the new followers and the bit donations and all that.
I'll read those after the show, after the credits, um, since we
are taping for the podcast feed.
And I appreciate those of you listening on the podcast as well.
Drop us an email sometime.
Say hi, uh, participate at orangelandsradio.com.
We also welcome the tweets at OLR.
So if you want to send us tweets, we do read those as well.
Um, with that, I think we are to final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Uh, my final thought is I need to play something other than Minecraft,
but probably not going to happen.
Maybe I'll play one of these games that are on the, uh, on my Steam library.
All right.
Uh, my final thought is happy pride, black lives still matter.
I really like that new, uh, redesign of the pride flag with the Chevron,
with the other colors in it to represent trans and, uh, people of color.
I think that's great.
Um, and, um, as far as video games are concerned, I'm looking forward
to getting into more, probably actually putting in some hours on
Xenoblade this week, cause I didn't put in a lot last week.
Um, and I'm looking forward to, um, playing more this, uh, next week.
Try to diversify.
I want to play a little more of the messenger cause that game was fun too.
So we'll be back in seven days to, um, to talk about what we've been doing
in the week and recap the gaming news as we get closer and closer to more
console reveals and all that fun stuff for what we can expect in the holiday.
So be safe, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days.
Have a wonderful night.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at
6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program.
Do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange
lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
