BORGE LOUGE RADIO
Here's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Roto!
Tonight, August 24th, 2008, the Guitar Hero be adding yet another instrument to the mix,
Sony announces the iPad, and rumors of an Xbox motion controller begin to circulate yet again.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We missed you last week, our aim is improving though, isn't it Dark Sakura? Jamie Summers, lovely co-host of OLR.
Splaat! And speaking of shooting things, say hello to Tech Master Loki, who apparently spent this morning shooting people in the face.
Yes. And getting shot in the face. I went and played Airsoft, it's a new hobby I'm getting into now.
Nice. What's Airsoft for the uninitiated?
Airsoft is kind of like paintball, but instead of actually shooting balls of paint at people, you have kind of like souped up BB guns that shoot plastic pellets at people.
And actually it doesn't hurt at all.
So you're not shooting balls at people's face?
We are shooting balls at people's face.
I'm not going to judge.
Tiny little white balls.
Okay.
Depending on their color BBs.
Alright. But did you win or did you lose?
Actually we won three.
How does one win or lose? Just don't get shot? You win?
No, because we had different scenarios for each one we played.
The first game we played was you had to occupy, there was like a, they call them kill houses, they were basically little structures that they built.
And the first game you had to be the team that's occupying that at the end of the 30 minute match.
And then the second game that I sat out on was a capture the flag game.
And then the third game we came back, it was also kind of capture the flag, but basically capturing a sniper post.
And you'd get the flag and raise it and wave it in the air.
And then the last game was just played on the field sideways and was basically just kill the other team.
And it's kind of cool though because it's like a video game because you get different respawns.
So if you get shot you have to go back to this one spot and when three people get there you all respawn and stuff like that.
Wow, they actually say respawns. Are there video games based on this out of curiosity?
No.
Not like dodge ball video games? No, no airsoft games. Tons of paintball games but no airsoft.
The ever present fourth co-host on our show, you through the chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
And poor Leno in chat says airsoft rocks. Airsoft rocks.
It's pretty fun. I have a, I bought a P90 which is like the Stargate machine gun type thing.
Not because I like Stargate, because I don't, but just because it looks neat and it's shot well.
And then I have a sidearm as well so I was playing the entire game with a sidearm and you know the P90.
And actually at one point I charged at people with the P90 in one hand because you can fire it with one hand and then the sidearm and I got shot.
But it was still fun.
Dark Dead Studios says wow, OLR is getting violent. I know lots of gun talk tonight.
It's OLR and gun night. It's gun show night on OLR.
Did I tell you that I'm going to be, that I've got a rifle?
Oh my gosh, too many guns.
No, I have a.22 caliber rifle. Dan's going to take me out shooting, but I told him that I wanted my own handgun.
That's one thing I have no interest in, unless it's a laser gun. Laser guns are alright.
Well, there was a very good point made, that if everybody in the country could have a concealed weapon on them, even if they did or didn't, do you think someone's going to be likely to attack someone who could be armed?
You know I'm still not a gun fan, but we're not going to talk politics tonight because we've got games to talk about.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It was Ragnarok-tastic, and I also played Final Fantasy 6 while I had jury duty last week.
Now you know, I don't think there's guns in Ragnarok.
Yes there are.
There's a gunslinger class. You could even have a humongous gatling gun. It's freaking sexy.
My favorite class in Final Fantasy 11 since you brought up Final Fantasy was Corsair, and they used guns, and that was pretty cool.
Guns are fun in video games.
Pirates like guns.
Anyhow, sorry, Final Fantasy 6, yes.
So I played some of that while I had jury duty, and I was very pissed off that I was one alternate away from getting on the trial, and it was like a little three day criminal trial, and I was looking forward to it.
So I didn't get on the trial, disappointment, blah blah, cry cry, wham.
Aw, you don't get to do your civic duty. Well I mean, you kind of did, but you know what I mean.
Yeah, but I met some cool people and watched the Olympics, which was kind of eh.
And then really that's about all I played, except for playing a lot of solitaire on my iPhone.
Do you have Michael Phelps fever? I know this has nothing to do with video games, but at the same time he'll probably have a game or something named after him in the future.
I do not, but I did go looking at pictures on the interwebs today of people kissing during the Olympics, and there was a guy kissing his horse.
What? What the? Okay!
There was like people kissing their medals, and you know, like couples kissing, you know, and there actually, I was looking at the marksman competition, and there was a wife who won the gold, and her husband won the silver in one of the marksman competitions.
But they were actually really cute. You would be watching the marksman competitions.
Well, so I like guns, and I especially think it was hilarious that, you know, the last time there was the guy who shot the wrong target that was further away than the target he was supposed to do and hit it perfectly.
I just want to warn you all tonight in chat room, don't piss Jamie off tonight, she's prepared.
Oh, I'm armed and dangerous. I've got two of them.
I'm armed and fabulous.
That has, you know, not the sunnies, I have the patella. I have my humerus and my radius.
Alright. Low-key, tell us something about your gaming...
My biceps break your eye too.
That doesn't involve guns or Michael Phelps.
Well, I can guarantee one of the two of those. Michael Phelps sucks.
And I hope to God they don't make a game, because really, how exciting...
You can send that hate mail to lokioworangelaunchradio.com
How exciting could a game be that's all swimming? I mean...
Wii Sports 2, I thought.
Swimming in Wii Sports 2, wait for it.
The Olympic games are boring enough, you know, not the game as in the actual Olympics, but the games made about the Olympics.
Those are boring. And let alone just, you know, cutting out all the other events that you might find exciting and just leaving swimming in there.
See, call me sick, but the things I like about the Olympics, I don't really like the dream stories about like Michael Phelps.
I mean, yeah, great swimmer and all, I'm not going to knock him, but that's the stuff that's boring to me.
I like the crazy stuff, like the craziness that happens in the Olympics, like the weightlifter who had to get the paramedics stalled in on him.
And Frisbee in chat says, who saw the Cuban guy get mad and kick the ref? That's the kind of stuff I love about the Olympics.
Or the guy that bit that guy in the shoulder, the boxer.
The Jerry Springer stuff you won't see on NBC, yes.
Do you have Blue on your friends list on LiveJournal?
No, sadly I do not.
He posted a translation of an article that I thought was a really sweet article, and I want to mention it real quick, about the South Korean women's handball team.
Right, because they were already ahead, they were going to win the bronze, but their coach pulled out, called a timeout right before, and put in all the old players.
The ones that were, not old, but older players, that used to be their last Olympics, so that they could be in the winning match, and all be the ones to take home the medal.
Because they wouldn't be able to do another Olympics.
And some of them were housewives, and their children were watching, and so he put like I think four people that would have to retire after this Olympics in the match for the last few minutes of the game.
I'd be fucking pissed.
Why is it that all Olympic video games usually suck? Like I don't remember playing an Olympics video game thinking, wow that was awesome. You know what I mean?
Because none of the crazy stuff happens in the video game.
I think that's a darn good explanation. We don't get that crazy stuff happening. We need more craziness.
And whoever's developing London 2012 for next gen consoles, make it happen. Give us the crazy.
Alright, I'm sorry. Gaming week, my bad.
Anyways, um, well the games I play, sorry.
JoeShe16 says someone should put Michael Phelps in place of Echo the Dolphin. That would be cool.
That would be cool, I'd play that.
Phelps the Dolphin, exactly, Frisbee. Alright, sorry.
Chat.orangelandradio.com if you want to join this.
Michael the Phelps.
Okay. Um, so I play basically Bionic Commando Rearmed, which is awesome and I love Bionic Commando. So, you know, pretty much the game is as frustrating as the original, which is fine.
And, I don't know, I enjoy it quite a bit.
And then, I played more Grand Theft Auto IV, because that's what I do, and I just have to address this because I have had a lot of people sending me requests to play with them for, you know, different games.
Listen, if I'm at work, if it's during the day, yes I'm online playing, you know, Grand Theft Auto twice a day or possibly three times a day depending on lunch.
Um, but I'm not going to play with you during those times because I have other people playing with me. I have five other people that play, and I've tried to get other people in there, but they don't want outside people playing, so, sorry.
But, I don't know.
You need to set up certain hours.
Exactly. And, you know, I'm not trying to be rude and I would love to type back to you, but I'm limited on time and typing on the fucking, you know, Xbox controller sucks.
So, I don't know.
You need to get it to light up USB keyboard like mine for the 360.
I have the chat pad. I have it at home, but I just, you know, I don't have it at work. And I don't have a headset at work either, so I can't, you know, tell you no.
But, um, I don't know. Other than that, um, I meant to download Galaga Legions because that looked kind of cool, but I never did. So, I'm just not going to.
I am highly looking forward to this week, though, with the release of Castle Crashers. Oh my god, it's going to be awesome.
So, that's what I'll be playing.
I hope you're not pumping something up for disappointment. That's why I have no feelings whatsoever about Castle Crashers.
Well, Alien Hominid is pretty awesome, and Castle Crashers, just all the video looks freaking awesome.
Alright, I've got to say this, even though this was sent over a private message, and I usually don't encourage people to send me chat comments over a private message because it's a bit overwhelming.
This is pretty funny. Tigerclaw, going on the Olympic thing, said, what about the one female water polo player who had her breasts exposed all over the net?
That's another good example of the dark side.
How did I miss that? Oh, I know, because it's water polo, and I would never watch it.
But I'm thinking, you know, I could go for some boobs in my Olympic games. Yes, Dark Sakura?
I'm looking on the internet right now.
Here's what we were talking about, because, you know, obviously when we were watching the Olympics, you know, you have to heckle it because it's fun.
But we were watching men's diving, and I was like, wouldn't it be awesome if, now, that's a sport I'll watch.
Wouldn't it be awesome if those diving boards have, like, some sort of pneumatic thing on them that launched them into the air really high?
I mean, that would be fucking awesome. They're doing, like, you know, ten somersaults in the air and stuff. I mean, come on.
Who wouldn't watch that? And then they have BMX bike racing in this Olympics. That's not really an Olympic sport.
Or a little Benny Hill-style gag that when the divers dive off the board, there's like a little device, like a little hook or something that just rips their swimsuit right off as they're falling.
Men and women, you know, for everybody, you know. And then the music plays.
Ah, forget it.
I did think it's kind of cool, though, that when they're doing, like, the whitewater rafting event or something like that, I'm like, that's pretty cool. It's like having that, you know, water ride from, like, Great America in there.
Gsquared68 asks if you're talking about the man cannon from Halo.
Exactly. That's what they need to have, a man cannon.
That should be an Olympic event, man cannon.
Man cannon? I like that. Hey.
And woman cannon. You know, man and women.
I smell a new list, or not list list, or something like that.
A new dream game?
Not a dream game, but just like, you know.
It's an expansion upon the dream games. It's an Olympic event.
No, a list list. The Olympic events that you'd want to see.
Oh, we might have to do that in the near future.
Maybe we can convince Bobby to do a live list list at PAX somehow when we're there for the panel, which we'll talk more about in a little while.
Moving on, though, anything else in your gaming week you want to share, Logie?
That's all that I remember.
Alright, I actually haven't played a lot new this week. I had a very busy personal life this week.
And I don't feel right basing reviews off demos alone, but I will say I did at least play the demos for Force Unleashed, which I enjoyed.
I have some reservations about the full game, but I'll check out the full game and see if that carries over.
But I enjoyed myself more than I thought I would for a 3D action game, which usually isn't my kind of thing.
I'm not even that into Star Wars either, but I liked the apprentice guy, a Starkiller or whatever his name is in Soul Calibur, and I thought, ah, what the hell, I'll check out Force Unleashed. It might be fun.
It's interesting. Very interesting.
I also checked out the new Galaga game on Xbox Live, the Galaga Legion, the new souped up one.
I had a lot of fun with the demo for that one. I probably will end up upgrading to the full version and tell you more about it later.
But I was very pleased that it's much faster paced than the old Galaga, because it's really hard to go back and play the old 80's Galaga these days.
I mean, no disrespect to a true classic game that brought us so many, inspired so many other great space games, but it's nice to have something very fast paced and competitive for a shooter.
I don't know Dark Soccer, if you haven't checked out Galaga Legion yet, I think this is a game you'd really enjoy.
What did you think?
Flashy. Very flashy.
Yeah, well the other big game that's been going on in our house was Bionic Commando.
Alright, I checked that out too, I did download that.
I haven't played enough of it yet, I don't want to review it yet, but I'm having fun with it.
And I really enjoyed the new soundtrack, I gotta say. Very happy with that.
Ryoma in chat says, I destroy a Galaga. Awesome.
Alright, Dark Tetsuya says, and now representing the USA in the 1000 meter man cannon, Rob Roberts.
Love it.
Gerardimo in chat says, Pac-Man Championship Edition is to Pac-Man as Galaga Legion is to R-Type.
Yeah, it's kind of true, the Galaga Legion isn't really a lot like Galaga at all, actually.
But it's fun. I had a really good time playing it.
I was thinking it was going to be too much like Geometry Wars, and we just had that a few weeks ago, but it's different enough.
It's different enough.
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping tonight, and of course the big thing on all of our minds,
Penny Arcade Expo is next week, it's going to be awesome.
Sadly there will be no live Orange Lounge radio next week, because we're going to be on a plane coming back,
but you know what, you're going to have plenty to hold you over.
Not only are we going to be a part of the live coverage with AllGames.com,
they're doing some live stuff every day starting at 4 Pacific, 7 o'clock Eastern.
They're doing coverage Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from the floor.
We're going to be a part of that. We won't be there the whole time, but we will definitely be dropping in and spending a good chunk of time with them.
Especially if he has Nintendo on, because I have to heckle them.
Alright, but we'll also be doing our own stuff, and we haven't exactly decided what we're doing.
I know there will be video involved to some extent, because we'll want to shoot some video from the floor,
so we'll be showing you some things via our YouTube channel, and giving you updates via our brand new Twitter,
which I also wanted to mention. We have a brand new Twitter at Twitter.com.
The username, very easy, O-L-R is our Twitter name. So follow us on Twitter, we'll be giving you updates from the floor,
letting you know what to expect, and a couple podcasts from PAX as well. It'll be fun!
Are you guys getting excited about PAX? What are you guys most looking forward to at PAX?
For me, the networking. I can't wait to meet other podcasters, because a whole crap load of them are going to be there.
Not just in the All Games Network, but other indie podcasters. I'm looking forward to the networking.
I want to see which celebrity I bump into this year. Like at E3.
Alright, Loki?
I need to smack Konami upside their head, because seriously, I don't know what they're doing.
They're not showing at PAX.
Well good! We don't have anything to show.
Alright, if you guys want to meet us, we'll be around the show floor, and most certainly at the All Games broadcast going on right by the Sumo Lounge.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on and talk about, I plugged the Twitter, I plugged Penny Arcade Expo.
We'll be playing a promo for the Penny Arcade Expo coverage tonight during our free break.
Stay tuned for that right after party is over, but for now, news! Loki, start us off tonight.
Anyways, I'm sure everyone's seen the information about the Space Invaders meets 9-11 art exhibit that was at Leipzig.
It's basically kind of a homemade version of the game, attacking the Twin Towers.
And it has some sort of interactive elements with it where people can actually put their hand over this railing that's near the exhibit.
And it will fire bullets up at the screen, killing the Space Invaders.
But, you know, it's pretty much impossible to win, so the towers always get destroyed.
And apparently people, you know, are like, too soon! Too soon!
So, I don't know. It's interesting.
It's basically the game's convention press release calls the installation an articulated and critical commentary about the current war strategy,
and a social tale that can be related to historical tales without losing its poetic power.
Whatever the hell that's supposed to mean.
Sounds like art fluff. Artsy speak.
I, you know, I don't know. I will give you my opinion here in just a second, but there's some more.
So, because this happened, of course the news got back to Taito, who responded by saying that they had no idea that this sort of thing was going on,
and of course they obviously did not license Space Invaders for them to use,
and they're going to take legal actions against the person who infringed upon their trademark.
Uh oh. But then what happened, Loki?
But then, the artist who put it up there decided to pull it.
And basically, you know, after three days of steady downward spiral in the public discussion of the piece, I have just given my agreement to the organizers of Leipzig Games Convention to simply turn off the installation invaders.
You had quite the little manifesto posted. I mean, it was a manifesto.
Yeah, it was all contrary to previous reports. I am American, and it saddens me that people remain so profoundly unable to process this event outside some obscure but tactically understood criteria of purely,
let's see, I have no idea what the hell he's trying to say here.
Eh, whatever. Anyways.
Uh, it's fancy talk.
Fancy, what do you think? Fancy talk. Anyways.
So, I think it's retarded that they took it out, because you can interpret it in many ways.
One, you can interpret it as, I think, based on the fact that people can interact with it and actually fire bullets from the bottom of the screen,
it's kind of invoking, like, togetherness. Basically, you have to, people have to come together if they want to overcome this great evil type thing.
So you would need, you know, a lot more people firing bullets.
You of all people, I never pegged for interpreting art in strange, mysterious ways. Very interesting, though.
I have an interpretation of the reaction.
DarkSakura, I know you have strong opinions on this, because I heard you on Bobby's show, I see you type it in the chat now, what do you think?
People need to learn to be offended.
Stop being a goddamn whiny bitch, get the stick out of your ass and deal with it.
That's the end of the story. I'm sorry, you don't like it, boo-fucking-who, okay?
I don't like having to go to work, but guess what, I gotta.
I don't like hearing, you know, my husband yell at playing Grand Theft Auto 4, but guess what, I gotta.
I married him, it's my choice. You know, you, if you want to live in a country where you've got free speech, stay in America.
You've got it, may as well flaunt it. If you don't want your free speech, by all means, move to North Korea or something.
You know, but, if you, I think that if you want to be free to express your freedom of speech, you also need to let other people be free to express theirs.
If you do not like it, shut the fuck up, that's what your blog is for.
Or maybe if you didn't like it, and you just probably didn't understand the piece, and maybe if you asked the artist what he meant by it, there you go.
But then again, at the same time, at the same time though, I kind of get from this, you know, artist or whatever, he was just trying to invoke a reaction.
I'm sorry, that's not an excuse for art.
No, that's what art is to be for. If you do a piece, and no one reacts to it, you have failed as an artist.
But I don't think that just making an artistic piece just to get a reaction is considered art.
Because, I mean, if you think about it, if I paint a painting that I want people to think is sad, you know, and if I invoke a sad reaction, then yes, mission accomplished for me.
But, if, you know, I paint a painting that's just, you know, offensive, and people get offended by it, I don't know.
That was your purpose. That's why you did the art. But the whole thing is that if people's comfort zones are not pushed, if people are not challenged to think, they're not going to.
It's gonna, you know, cause a very stagnant society. I mean, even think about, you know, some of the greatest artists of their time were so unappreciated in their time, told that their work was crap.
Yet, you know, years after they've died, they're now considered masterpieces. They're considered the, you know, geniuses of their age, the innovators.
If we didn't have people that challenged the way that people think, then there would be, I think, no cultural progression. That's what this is about.
I think the problem comes down to that it's space invaders and not geometry wars.
Look, I have an opinion on this too, which is, I kind of like mostly agree. Here's my thing, I mostly agree.
Because I'm all for free speech, that's this country we live in, this guy has a right to do, even though he's exhibiting in Germany, you know, whatever.
I still support he has a right to say what he wants to say. I personally may go, that wasn't very smart, and I might go, well, the price you pay for expression is people disagreeing with you and going to be expressing their opinion in return.
That's kind of part of it, you know, a little bit of, if you open yourself up for that with your art, then you're going to get it back at you.
But here's the thing, I actually understand why Taito's pissed.
Well, now I agree, pulling it because of the licensing issue, I agree with that. He did use their licensed material without permission.
Right, and here's the thing, it's not so much that I think Taito had a right to do it because of what is going on, but because people are so ignorant when they see this, they are going to think, oh, Taito or space invaders endorse this, or this is a gamer thing where gamers just want to pretend to blow up the train.
You know all this ignorant crap that's out there in the media about video games, that people like Jack Voldemort just perpetuate, you know, this whole thing.
So I understand why Taito's pissed, and I think the guy made a bad judgment in that regard where maybe he should have done something similar yet different, you know what I mean, if he was going to invoke such emotions.
Parity is legal. Parity is legal. If we didn't have parity being legal, we would have no Jonathan Coulton or Weird Al. End of story.
But I also, I think that he should have been a little, especially as an artist, he should have recognized the difference between, you know, stealing somebody else's intellectual property and done something.
He could have used the concept, I mean, how many video games do we have out there with, you know, aliens invading Earth, shoot. Die, aliens, bang bang. No, we've got a ton of games of those, so it wouldn't be any type of problem.
Well, I'm offended. You know why I'm offended? Because I love aliens, and aliens are creatures too. Aliens are creatures of the great god of the universe, and I'm offended by these games where we just haphazardly kill aliens who only come in peace.
You want to hear something really ironic about this whole story?
What? And that I'm sure that they didn't realize?
What? Next week on the Japanese WiiWare service, Space Invaders Get Even will be released.
That is great.
You know, where the Space Invaders will destroy buildings.
It's like Rampage with aliens, that's great.
But here's the thing, I bet you there are tons of paintings out there that depict the events of 9-11, a horrific tragedy in American times in very controversial ways.
I bet there are tons of paintings out there and books and newspapers and movies that, but the funny thing is, the media is never going to show that to you because they love to pick on video games.
That's why Taito's pissed.
It's all whatever is, you know, going to cause the biggest stir. It's already a hot topic right now.
So, of course since, you know, basically since He Who Shall Not Be Named is getting disbarred, and basically having all of his arguments disproven in a public forum, they've got to find something else to keep that topic alive, right?
Sharon in chat says, I'm offended by games where you kill monsters. I know plenty of monsters and they're not all like that. It's an unfair stereotype. I'm a monster activist, hear me roar.
Hey look, we have a new segment on our show. It's involving our new Twitter at Twitter.com slash OLR and we invite you guys to respond to one story every week before we go live.
That way if you're not going to be here for the live show, you still have a chance to interact with us and we asked listeners tonight what they thought about this story.
GS68 on Twitter says, blaming terrorism on video games or inevitable destruction of civilization?
ActDeaf says, well if 9-11 wouldn't happen, this wouldn't even be catching the media's attention.
Offensive, kind of, but there have been other stuff that have also done this.
I don't, see for me, I'm like, you can't really, for me, I mean I respect what you're saying dude, but like 9-11 did happen. That's just something we all kind of like have to deal with.
You know what I mean? I don't know. It's a weird statement to me.
PodCulture says, a bit too soon for stuff like that.
Justin says, I think it was pretty tasteless and the guy was obviously going for press via controversy despite his insistence that he wasn't.
AlphaCananagram says, I think that it was a risky move by the artist. He must have known that he would piss people off, but he has the right to show it. Yum.
Darktacuya says, I don't blame Taito for wanting to distance themselves from something so controversial. Talk about bad PR. Exactly what I'm saying yo.
And Rama, as a New Yorker that lives here and works two blocks from ground zero, it doesn't bother me, really. Some people need to get their heads out of their asses.
There you go. Comments from our Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR.
I just remember reading just how, you know, in fact, I honestly think that the biggest, you know, if people are so worried about, you know, recovery and about moving past it, then that's what they actually need to be doing.
You know, recovering, moving past it, business as usual.
Kind of the ideas of people who laugh at funerals. Yeah. You know, because sometimes that's the best way to deal with it is to laugh at it.
And forgive me for being a little philosophical about this, but if their whole point of, you know, running airplanes into the buildings was to shake our, you know, our morale and to weaken us, wouldn't the biggest slap in their face back would be to go back to business as usual?
We welcome your comments. Mailbag OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you have further comments on the issue.
All right. And I'm sure there's a lot of people with very differing opinions on that. Let's get to some more gaming news tonight, though. And we're going to talk a lot about music games.
And, you know, this game will not be coming to Xbox Live, this whole Space Invaders controversial thing.
But guess what is? A very interesting report coming from BamaniStyle.com. They got the pictures to prove it. There's a new game coming out. It's called Beat and Groovy coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Now here's the thing about Beat and Groovy. If you look at the screenshots, it's a game you longtime Bamani fans know and love. The art style is just like that of pop and music.
That's right. Pop and music looks like it is making its way to Xbox Live Arcade as beat and groovy.
But instead of having a pop music controller, because obviously you can't get one of those through Xbox Live Arcades, instead you will be hitting five different colored buttons.
They're all different colors. Purple, blue, red, green, yellow. You use left arrow, up arrow, right arrow or X, Y or B, I'm sorry, Y or A, and then B are kind of like the different buttons.
I should call my pop and music controller. Like old school Beatmania. But I don't know. Would a pop and music controller be able to convert to the Xbox and use it? I don't know.
I wouldn't think there would be a problem with that as long as you take the circuit board out of the Xbox controller and map it into the Poppin'.
Well I will bet there will be lots of third party support too. By the way, some of the songs already announced, some of the songs are supposed to be in this.
Ryu with Starmind, the Poppin' Mix, DJ Taka with Moon, La La More, We Two Are One, Good Cool with Gotta Get My Groove On, and I know a lot of our listeners may have no idea who these people are.
But there are lots of Bamani bands. If you've been listening to the DDR music for years and years, you know a lot of these folks. Of course you would know these guys.
Orange Lounge with the 100 Second Kitchen Battle also supposed to be in this. Loki, what do you think as a long time music fan?
Sounds evil. I think he's retarded. No seriously, because they had an opportunity to bring over a game that some of the fans were looking for and what are they trying to do?
The problem with Konami, they're trying to bring on new people into their music games, I guess. They're trying to appeal to different people.
Problem is, these types of games are bought by a certain group of people, and if you try to appeal to other people, they're not going to buy it.
And I heard a rumor that pretty much those songs that you see on there, those seven songs, I think there was two more, that's it.
Well I'm sure there will be download things.
What if this is a testing round?
It's stupid though, because at least with the music it's fine, because the music's good. The art style is kind of a slap in people's face, because it's not really pop music, it's just kind of like ghetto characters, I don't know.
And at the same time, I don't know, this is in Rock Revolution, they don't know what they're doing.
Comments from chat, Gsquared68 says, if it has Vic Viper as a character, maybe I might get a 360.
Our faithless webmaster, our ever faithful webmaster says, I can't believe they kept pop music songs in the song list.
I am kind of surprised that it's at least a bit of an authentic song list, all things considered, if this game is being targeted for the US as well.
Very interesting, but of course very cheap for them too.
And Katamari's Forever says pop music should have more pop, like Avril Lavigne and Leona Lewis, and I've been saying that for a long time, that that's one way they could try and grow their audience here.
But they won't on Xbox Live Arcade.
Exactly, but this is what they need to do in order to appeal to the original fans and to expand it.
You take the game as it was, you add a lot of the songs that were originally in the game, or songs that should be in a pop music release, release it here, and you also add songs that people that may not be used to pop music would like.
Like licensed songs or just songs that are really cool that kind of appeal, that aren't necessarily pop music types of music.
Same should have been done with Rock Revolution.
They should have put some of the Bamani songs in there.
And yes, I understand that Bamani songs may not translate well for your average Guitar Hero fan, but at the same time, the fans will appreciate it and they will buy the game because of that.
And you can still have all those covers of licensed songs out there, so you can appeal to both people.
Putting these songs that you have in your library anyway, it's not going to hurt nothing. It's going to add to the game.
Let me try reading a couple more comments from chat here. Gerardimo has a very long comment here, but it's pretty good.
My problem right now is that people were bitching that Konami needed to Americanize their music games, but their hardcore fans got pissy because they wanted to keep in Konami songs.
So Konami is trying to appeal to American audience by making it less cute to appeal to Americans, but still rewarding their hardcore fans.
Now yes, they took out the controller, but perhaps they're just trying to test it.
And then SSJ100Matt says, put ABBA in there. Yeah, that'll work. ABBA will make it all better.
Absolutely.
You know, again, I'm going to withhold judgment until I actually play the game. I do think it might be a little bit of a water-testing thing, but I don't know.
Let's just say I'm not getting my expectations very high, but I'd love to have Konami folks come on the show and talk about the game.
Could be very interesting. So, we shall see.
Well, if you're looking for a seven-button controller, you remember that they are releasing a drum pad that has seven inputs on it.
Well, too bad this game only uses five.
Well, actually, it uses seven because you can use the two trigger buttons for the seven, whatever.
We'll see when it comes out.
Anyway, shall I continue?
There is another peripheral that's going to be coming out for Guitar Hero 4, but Neversoft isn't saying what it is.
The speculation, though, is that it's either going to be some type of keyboard or a turntable, because this is stated to work more specifically with the studio mode.
I kind of think of a mixing board. I wouldn't be surprised to see a mixing board.
Interesting. A lot of people speculate a keyboard, because that's like the obvious thing, but that would be interesting, a mixing board, like Kraken DJ.
Dude, wouldn't that be cool? They do that, and then they actually release Kraken DJ. That'd be sweet.
I don't know about that. Wasn't Kraken DJ a Sega thing?
It was indeed.
Or perhaps they could, I don't know, stop releasing peripherals. Seriously, four peripherals for this fucking game.
Granted, it will probably be great, but seriously, it's a little overkill.
I know people are really enthusiastic about making their songs and stuff like that, but...
But they're totally in a penis envy war with Rock Band and all those folks right now.
Whatever. They could try to get a jump on it, I guess. Release all the peripherals you want. I just won't buy them.
So, whatever.
Anyways, there's going to be some pretty cool stuff coming out for, well, another DS release of Guitar Hero.
It's Guitar Hero On Tour Decades, and of course we'll have music from the 80s and all sorts of other genres.
They've got Modern Music, which includes Dirty Little Secret by the All-American Rejects, Crush Crush Crush by Paramore,
The Takeover, The Break's Over from Fall Out Boy, and The Pretender from Foo Fighters and Smashing Pumpkins with Tarantula.
And then they also have the 2000s with Linkin Park One Step Closer, Can't Stop by Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Middle with Jimmy Eat World,
and I Can't Believe in Things Called Love by The Darkness and many more.
So they're going to basically have different decades to go along with all this.
Pretty much the game is going to be exactly like Guitar Hero On Tour.
They've just kind of tweaked a few things, including where they'd have you sign autographs and sign different things,
signing wristbands and stuff like that.
I don't know, it's more of the same, just different track list.
Much like all the music games.
Much like all the other Guitar Hero games have been lately.
That's why they need to add new peripherals, because they're starting to feel like the same damn game over and over again.
Yeah, that's what it is. I don't know.
You know, this isn't our show world, but I heard rumors also that, or I should say I read rumors,
that they were talking about doing yet another peripheral for a Tony Hawk game on the DS.
Seriously, stop making on the DS?
Like a fingerboard?
Possibly a fingerboard, or possibly, they were suggesting that maybe it's like,
there was that mag game that they had where you basically would slide the DS around, kind of like a motion sensor almost.
Interesting.
I don't know, it's still retarded though. Stop releasing games with peripherals.
Do you guys remember those fingerboards from back in the day?
Like when I was in high school, they actually had those little things on keychains,
and you actually used your fingers to move this little thing around.
You did little tricks, like they had little miniature ramps.
I remember you having one of those.
Years and years ago, yeah.
When we were first hanging out.
Yeah, because I thought they were funny.
That dates back to like the early 90s when those things started, I don't know.
Anyhow, sorry, it just made me think of that whole talk about a Tony Hawk peripheral.
Anyhow, going back to music games for a minute, and of course going way back to a series that has been going on for a long, long time,
it is still going. Dance Dance Revolution has some new games coming out,
and the DDR community over at DDROnlineCommunity.com, the official Dance Dance Revolution community,
has released some teasers for the upcoming songs for their new games, such as Dance Dance Revolution X.
That's the new game that's coming out on the Playstation 2 a little later this year,
and they have announced some of the songs in the game.
Big Girls Don't Cry, it's just a cover, so it's a more dancey version of the old Fergie classic.
You Can't Touch This by MC Hammer, that would be the original, is going to be in there.
But of note, brand new remixes, 2008 X edits of Butterfly and Dubby Dub.
Remember Dubby Dub, or you would probably know this as...
So they're basically just re-cutting the song, it doesn't look like a remix, they're just taking a different portion.
Well it says, enjoy the familiar, impossible to resist melody while exploring the fresh new arrangement.
It's been reworked exclusively for DDRX.
That's coming with some new Konami originals as well, lots of new Konami originals.
If you want to see the entire list of the 33 songs, you can check that out at ddronlinecommunity.com.
They've also released some of the songs that are going to be in DDR Hottest Party 2, that's the Wii version of DDR.
Remember the Wii version of DDR does things a little differently, they do all covers.
And so like there's Umbrella, you knew that had to be in there, the Rihanna classic, during the cover of that.
Black and White by Michael Jackson, Tootsie Roll, that song's awesome.
I Want Candy, Bust a Move, Obsession, I thought that was kind of interesting, the old synth pop song you still hear at goth clubs till today.
Call on Me, but this one I thought was most interesting, Nelly Furtado's All Good Things Come to an End.
They've remade that as a dance classic, but then again if they can do that to Lips of an Angel, why not do it to that song too.
That's DDR Hottest Party 2 coming to the Nintendo Wii a little later this year.
There was one of those tracks on DDRX, I'm not going to say what it was, number 4, that song was awesome.
It's an awesome remix of another song from DDR.
Also I was going to mention though, this is a cool title for a song, the 30 lives up up down dance mix, that's awesome.
That is a pretty good name for a dinner song.
DDROnlineCommunity.com if you want to see a list of songs coming to your DDR games later this year.
And I'm sure it's just a matter of time before we start talking about Universe 3, and who knows what else in the DDR franchise on into 2009.
Well how about something that is a little on the different end going into the Sega world, because this is super super happy.
Well, Samba de Amigo is going to be actually coming out on the Wii. Did we know this?
We did know this.
But the other good thing about it is that they are actually talking about download content.
So with that, the Wii exclusive track list, if you are ready for this.
Sure.
We have Baila Mae via Gypsy Kings and I Love Gypsy Kings. They do a really good cover of Hotel California.
Papa loves Mambo, Mambo number 8, sorry.
Conga, Miami Sound Machine.
Lowrider, Mambo number 5.
Okay, I really have very little idea how to pronounce just about anything in Spanish.
Oye Como Va by Santana.
Just a bunch of stuff.
So there is actually a Jennifer Lopez song on here too, which I am like meh about.
There are some previously returning tracks like Tubthumping, The Cup of Life, Samba De Janeiro, Bombalayo, Take On Me the Real Big Fish version, Tequila, Soul Bossa Nova.
Downloadable tracks are with Mambo Mambo and I Want Candy and Are You Going to Be My Girl.
That's cool that some of the songs from the old school Samba De Amigo or Coming Back like the Real Big Fish Take On Me.
I seem to remember that was in the Dreamcast. That was the download song on the Dreamcast.
Although they weren't really downloads. They were pay to unlock. Well no, they weren't pay. You didn't have to pay back then.
They were download.
They were download to unlock. Which though that does give me this bad feeling especially because we're talking about the Wii here. Is this going to be pay to unlock content?
It's supposedly not pay to unlock content.
Oh that would be good.
Now this is what's cool. The maracas controller are going to be that bright hot red.
One of them has a nunchuck attachment inside and the other one is for your wiimote attachment. I'll be putting a picture of this up on the chatroom.
chat.ownerslaunchedrader.com
And everybody say a big thank you to Sega for giving us the maracas controller so this game feels right.
Thank you Sega.
It wasn't Sega. I don't think they're licensed.
They're not licensed by Nintendo or something.
Well still, somebody got it out there one way or another. I hope they make the little shakey shake noise.
I think they do.
Awesome. And this game better still make you pose.
Posing is the best part. But you know what? We still need the tambourine game too.
I know. This needs to sell a million zillion copies so that we can get the tambourine game next. Because we never even got that on the Dreamcast.
But you know I'm all about the tambourine. There's that giant A button. You can press that to do a little slapping thing.
We've got to get the tambourine game here in the US.
In fact, if we have a chance to talk to Sega at Penny Arcade Expo next week, that's the one question I want to ask. Where's the tambourine game?
I talked to Sega.
I'll talk to Sega. We want the tambourine game.
Well let's all bug them.
I got to say because we had our games conference at work not last week but the week before last.
And I got to say Sega's lineup was probably one of the coolest lineups I've seen. They actually kind of get it. Which is surprising.
Is that because there's been a couple years where they have not been getting it?
I guess. Well it's not just Sonic stuff. They're putting out stuff. Like they're taking risks I guess.
With like Mad World, the House of Dead game that's coming out and stuff like that.
Everybody's got to be picky in chat. SSG100Matt says, I will not say thank you to Sega until Shenmue 3 comes out.
Hold your breath?
I want it to come out too, but don't hold your breath.
Act Deaf calls what happened this week at your work the Loki Zig games convention.
Yeah it wasn't very exciting. I got to see people act like idiots so that was fun.
Alright how about some release dates Loki? Let's travel the world and look at release dates from around the world.
Alright this week we've got quite a bit of stuff coming out actually. Some good stuff.
Starting off we've got Commando Steel Disaster on the DS. Now this game might not sound familiar to you guys.
But it plays exactly like Metal Slug. And it looks kind of like Metal Slug.
So definitely check it out if you're into the fast shooter games like Contra, Metal Slug. Worth checking out.
So that's on the DS. Also on the DS MLB Power Pros 2008, Konami's super deformed baseball game.
Nintendo, not to be outdone by Konami, is putting out Mario Super Sluggers on the Wii.
Funnel family baseball game.
On pretty much all systems, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 09. That's coming out on Playstation 2, Playstation 3, Xbox 360, the Wii, and the PSP.
On the PS3 we have Disgaea 3, Absence of Justice.
Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli on Playstation 2, PS3, Wii, and the DS.
Vampire Rain Altered Species on Playstation 3. In case you forgot, this game really sucked on the Xbox 360 just so you know.
Picto Image on the DS, Kid Sports Crazy Golf by Destineer, which is a company only known for great games.
Oh wait, that's right. All their games are shovelware. Much like this game.
GTR Evolution on the PC, Pajama Sam Don't Fear the Dark on the Wii, and Freddy Fish in the Kelp Seed Mystery on the Wii.
And Spy Fox in Dry... That sounds like fun, Freddy Fish in the Kelp Mystery.
And Spy Fox in Dry Cereal on the Wii, all of which are meant for little kids.
Wait, what? Spy Fox in Dry Cereal.
Nice. You know, like the episode's called Dry Cereal.
Alright, some guy kidnapped the milk.
Let's travel the world.
Whoa whoa whoa, I'm not done yet!
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Damn, there's a lot coming out this week after weeks of nothing.
Yes, Tales of Vesperia on Xbox 360, N Plus on PSP and DS, From the Abyss on DS, Harvest Moon Island of Happiness on the DS, Digimon World Championship on the DS, Sims 2 Apartment Pets on the DS, Falling Stars on the Playstation 2,
Um, Penumbra Requiem on PC, Prison Tycoon 4 Super Max on PC, The Sims Apartment Life on DS and PC.
I think that's only on the PC because the DS is something different.
And let's see, Garfield Fun Fest on the DS, Sid Meier's Pirates on the Mac.
Sounds like fun.
Ford Racing Offroad on the Wii, Hacker Evolution Reinsertion on PC.
That's the worst subtitle ever.
And Project Powder on PC, and that's not a good follow.
Project Powder? Is that based on the movie from like ten years ago?
I can only hope.
James Pond, Codename Robocod, my god these are all horrible names on the DS, Mind Habits on the Mac, Flat Out Ultimate Carnage on PC, and Operation Mania on PC.
Do you think Tales of Vesperia will be as big here as it was over in Japan?
Because I don't know if you've heard, but it's been selling like crazy over in Japan.
It's been pushing 360 units out the door.
I know, that's crazy.
That's one of the big stories we missed by not being here last week.
No, I don't think it's going to do us well because Infinino Discovery is coming out next week.
Oh snap.
Alright, well speaking of Japan.
And Mercenaries 2, where the hell is Mercenaries 2?
Jesus Christ, are we done with the USA?
No, Mercenaries 2, it's coming out on PC, PlayStation 2, PS3, and Xbox 360.
Next time just go, a bunch of shit, a bunch of shit is coming out in the US.
Hey, I have to inform them what's coming out.
Alright.
Are you done? Are we finally done?
Amanda, Steel Disaster picked it up on DS.
That's all, I'm done.
Are you sure? Are you sure? Alright, I'm finished.
Moving over to Japan, if I can.
We've been talking about the release dates over there on the Xbox 360.
2 Human finally makes its way to Japan on August 28th.
Also coming out, Clannad is coming out in Japan on the Xbox 360.
This is not to be confused with the Irish music group.
I think Enya's sister is in Clannad.
Yes.
Because Enya was once in the band.
Clannad is also a Japanese manga.
So this is coming out on 360, they're making a game of it.
So that sounds exciting.
Although I don't know, an Enya game might be kind of exciting too.
On the PlayStation 3, guess what Japan is getting this week?
Africa comes out finally on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Oh, Loki has that look on his face of maybe I should import that.
Alright, Battlefield Bad Company and Disgaea 3, but the English language version comes out.
It's all Asia regions. Sometimes some Asian dates sneak on my list too.
So Disgaea 3 is something to look forward to.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii over in Japan.
You ready for it? Captain Rainbow on August 28th.
Oh yeah.
You need to import that shit, Loki. Get that game instead.
Alright, on the PlayStation 2, lots of games coming out.
Another Mahjong game, Mahjong Sangokushi coming out.
As well as Yotsuno, a Journey of Sincerity comes out from Gadgetsoft on the 28th.
Katekyo Hitman Reborn, Nariai Ring Cross Bongol Returns comes out on the PlayStation 2 as well.
Yes, it's a baseball game.
Moving on to the handheld, seeing what's coming out over there.
We've got on the Nintendo DS, Johnny no Dasutsu Daisukusen.
And just because it would not be a week in Japanese release dates without something coming to us from Broccoli known as Neon Genesis Evangelion.
More Eva!
This time, Ayanami Ikusei Kyaku DS with Asuka, Hokkan Kyaku.
Okay, what about Rei and Asuka?
I don't know, I'm looking at the more details on this game.
Rei is the character I hate, Ayanami.
And Asuka's the awesome one that speaks German.
There you have it, another DS game coming out there.
Tactical Guild also coming out and To Love, Rue Trouble comes out from Marvelous as well.
Quickly taking a look at the PSP to see if there's anything of note to mention to you guys.
Fate Tiger Coliseum Upper is the only game coming out.
There you go.
That's your week in Japanese release dates.
Well how about our European release dates?
We've got a bunch, they're all the 29th.
GTR Evolution, that's on PC.
We have Driving Theory Training, I guess so you learn how to drive in theory from Atari.
Ferrari Challenge on Wii, Legend of Sayuki, Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution on DS, Smash Court Tennis 3, Soul Calibur Legends on Wii, Super Swing Golf, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 09 on a bunch of systems, and Two Human on Xbox 360.
Sweet. Busy week around the world. Crazy stuff.
Alright, and we've got some quick mentions with more release dates, not stuff coming out soon, but soon enough I guess, among other things.
Fallout 3 was announced this week that it will be coming out on October 28th on PlayStation 3 and on the Xbox 360 as well as the Special Edition.
And that should be as big as Oblivion, if not bigger.
This week on Hot Shots Golf, there was Kratos download content.
You can actually play as the God of War using, I'm trying to remember what the blades were, the Clubs of Chaos in the golf game. I guess that's cute.
Silent Hill Homecoming.
How much are they going to whore that guy out, seriously?
Forever.
Silent Hill Homecoming was kind of in question whether it's going to be still coming out in September, since the European version was delayed a bit.
It is still set for September in North America, and the PC version will be coming out as well.
It will only be available on Steam, however, and if I remember correctly, Silent Hill Homecoming is just barely in September. I think it's on the 30th if I remember correctly.
And then Nintendo, there's some Nintendo stuff announced, or maybe not announced.
Wii Music, slated for October 27th. I can't imagine that's a really good date to release that, but more power to them, I guess.
Pokemon Ranger Shadows of Almia on the 10th of November, and Animal Crossing City Folk on the 16th of November, along with the Wii Speak speaker, conference room, mic, whatever you want to call it.
Although, what you may not know, despite what they announced at E3, it will not be coming with the Wii Speak microphone. You will have to buy that separately, and the microphone will cost you $29.99.
Is that a secret? I have not heard that. This is like the first time I'm hearing this.
Well, that's because no one knows about it yet.
Interesting, alright. Well, that's too bad.
You know, from a retail standpoint, that's good because then there won't be shortages on the game, but...
I guess that's true.
Alright, well, thanks for the updates, Loki.
AlphaCananagram says it was already known, I think, so who knows.
Well, here's one game that people are definitely anticipating, Final Fantasy XIII, and the question is, when is the demo coming?
And you might have heard that there is a demo coming, I think we talked about it a couple of weeks ago.
It's coming with the Final Fantasy Advent Children Blu-Ray release, the complete version, which has the extra footage.
Well, here's the interesting thing, it's being reported by IGN that apparently in Famitsu PS3 edition, apparently the director of Final Fantasy XIII, Motomu Toriyama, has said that it's going to be a two-hour demo.
So, that's a heck of a lot of demo. He says, quote, like the Final Fantasy VII demo that was included with PlayStation's Tow Ball number one, it will be similar to that, it will allow folks to experience the opening sequence and prologue.
So that could be pretty interesting. They're trying to accomplish with this demo, get people acquainted with the party system, seeing the game through multiple characters, points of view, and you will actually be controlling more than one character in the demo.
Apparently, in Final Fantasy XIII, there is no central character. You will be controlling one character after another in classic Final Fantasy form. So that could be interesting.
So I'm very curious to see what this demo looks like. I'm not surprised they're saying it's two hours, but I still think there's people that are going to blast right through it, but it's probably one of those things where there might be a lot of hidden depth to it, and you can milk two hours out of it, but I imagine most people will burn through it in an hour.
But we'll see. I know I will definitely be getting this demo.
I will be importing this bitch.
You should import that bitch. I want to see this demo, although there will be YouTubes all over, I still don't see it on a high def TV, and you just can't get that on YouTube.
Well, we at least would know people that would do it anyway.
Sure, true. Well, for people who are fans of Street Fighter IV, that is actually, I do believe, just recently had a console version announced.
There is going to be Kami in the game, so she will be included in the console release of Street Fighter IV, and that makes people happy because they like to see her butt crack.
Who doesn't?
No answer.
No answer.
Alright.
So, totally unrelated to Kami and butt crack, well actually this is kind of funny.
The PlayStation 3 will be getting a wireless keypad with mouse input, and I guess the way it kind of relates to butt crack is it sort of looks like a COD piece.
But, I don't understand where the mouse input is coming from because I don't see any sort of touchpad or anything, unless they're having you rub your fingers over the letters, I don't know.
But, yeah, it's kind of interesting, kind of cool, and it snaps to the joystick much like, I don't know, the chatpad, but this time instead of being below the actual controller, it's above it.
So, that's kind of neat.
And other things that it will feature, quick keys for your friends lists and for your messages, as well as the ability to type and all that fun stuff.
Very interesting that the PS3 has been compared a lot of times to a computer, and even have a lot of games that have these PC boards, and now they're giving mouse inputs on there.
I think it's awesome, I mean it has a web browser.
It's not a bad thing.
It has a web browser, I mean, that would be useful.
You know what would also be useful to have a keyboard? The PSP! Seriously folks, where the fuck is the PSP keyboard?
ActDeft in chat says, Sony, we don't innovate, we imitate.
I always thought that was kind of Microsoft's thing, is that, you know, anything you can do, I can do better, remember that?
But that's innovating.
I guess that's true, when you make it better.
Yeah, Sony has been playing a lot of catch up though, you know, but I don't know, this mouse thing is kind of neat, I guess.
Now this is good though, what better on the PlayStation 3 than something free?
And we like free things, the only bad news for us is that it's happening in Europe.
Oh well, we still have some friends overseas that listen to our show.
Guess what, you guys are getting something called vidzone.
It's something for the PS3 that involves music videos.
It's a streaming music video service that's going to be launching on the PlayStation 3.
The trial of this whole thing is supposed to be starting in early 2009.
It's going to be taking place in Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.
What the vidzone will include, a full playlist of videos from hip hop to punk, heavy metal, and classics.
And you'll actually be able to build your own playlist, you can download songs and music videos and ringtones, but some of that might actually end up costing you.
So while I guess it'll probably be free to maybe watch some of the videos on demand and stuff, if you actually want to take away the ringtones or download the songs, that's going to cost you a little bit of money.
By the way though, now this is kind of cool, it will do the whole remote play thing.
So if you download a music video, you can put it on your PSP.
So if there's a music video that you just have to have with you on the go, you can do that.
And that's one of Sony's strengths right now, is that they've built a really good relationship between the PS3 and the PSP for those that own both.
So that does sound kind of cool, I've got to admit.
I mean how neat would it be to say, oh there's this great new song, oh wait you haven't heard it? Oh here, I got it on my PSP.
Kind of neat. So props to them for that, really.
I can do that, I have an iPhone.
Touch.
Well, in other, this has just been exactly like you said, a music loaded, you know.
It really has, it's a music filled show tonight, and it's not just because we love music games based on our history, but it really has been dominating the news this week.
But consider how much music games are selling these days, between Guitar Hero, Rock Band and all that, it's big business now.
Whereas we were nerds back in the day for playing them.
Well, still. There actually was an announcement at Leipzig that was said that there is going to be a SingStar songs that, let me start over.
There are, it says over 2.2 million SingStar songs were downloaded from the SingStore that launched about a year ago.
So now there's actually new plans for a Disney version for PS2 that's all Disney songs.
And you know, there was a rumor about this a while back, and I called bullshit on it, because I thought Disney would do it themselves.
They are doing it themselves.
Well there's more.
Okay, go ahead, sorry.
It's exclusively for PAL territories.
Exactly, because in the North American territories, and possibly Japan, I don't know.
But it's compatible with the SingStar PS3, and of course if you have an HDTV it won't matter if it's PAL or not.
Loki, it's not just because SingStar performs better in Europe?
Yeah, it does perform better in Europe, but in the US, or North America I should say, they are releasing Disney's Sing It.
Which is basically like SingStar, but it's all the Disney songs, and you know, they're kind of a version of a karaoke game.
Now something that did make our show roll tonight, but apparently there's a SingStar queen on the way too.
Like the band, Queen?
I would be so all over that.
Yeah, exactly.
I actually like SingStar better than Karaoke Revolution.
They both have their strengths and weaknesses to me.
I think Karaoke Revolution is a better game as a package, but I think SingStar has the better music overall.
Lips though, I have really high hopes for Lips. I think it's going to take what's great from both games, honestly.
Well what's kind of cool also, I was going to say, there's another announcement that they're going to do a patch for SingStar PS3 where you can use your PlayStation 2 disc to import songs from that as well.
Like you can with the PlayStation 2 version.
Good! I think that's a great idea. Good for them.
Something else that's kind of neat, and no, I was reading in the chat room, well actually that was for Africa, but no more games are going to get added on to the bet.
So you can forget about it.
And this is another game that will not be added on to the bet, but it also uses the PlayStation Eye.
It's Eye Pet.
It's basically a game where you prod what looks to be a little monkey creature.
And to be honest, it is very cute looking.
And if I didn't have a TV that was, you know, kind of with a plastic screen, you know, an LCD TV, I would let my cat play with this.
But yeah, so it's a virtual pet.
And you get the Poked.
And it's coming out in 2009.
Oh goody. Just what the world needs.
More virtual pets.
They'll probably have, well this is kind of cool because you can like pick it up and stuff, or pretend to pick it up and throw it around.
Alright, well one more story for you guys before we get to the end of part A in the Classic Game of the Week.
And it's more music games.
I mean we just had a lot to talk about tonight, and the question is, what's Harmonix going to do next?
I mean, you know, they've obviously had mega success with Rock Band.
The rumor is that apparently Harmonix is dealing in the new game that has to do with music creation.
It's something that their PR rep John Drake said, talking to MTV's multiplayer blog.
We've done the whole MIDI creation thing.
We think we can do something really ambitious and really great that's going to speak across all the users of the game, not just hardcore users.
And that will result in some awesome stuff and not just Final Fantasy covers.
So, interesting that Harmonix might get into a little more of the creation.
You know, Harmonix has put out a lot of solid products.
I assume if they're going to go this way, it's going to be some pretty good stuff.
I look forward to their next project, and I hope it's just not, you know, Rock Band 3, Rock Band 4, Rock Band 5, you know what I mean?
I'm looking forward to new, original things they come out with. Wouldn't you agree?
Yes. You know, um, that's right. What, Loki? I was going to say, kind of going back to the last story that we had.
I was checking out the trailer for that iPad. It actually looks really cute, actually.
I think a lot of people are going to be surprised by it.
I'm surprised to hear you describing a game as cute. What makes it so cute?
Well, the creature is incredibly fuzzy and cute. It kind of looks like a little miniature monkey Simba.
Anyways, what's kind of neat, though, is some of the technology that they're using with it, you can draw your pet toys.
So, basically, you draw a little car, and it becomes a car.
It's kind of like some of those tech demos they were showing off using the PlayStation Eye.
That's the kind of thing with the PlayStation Eye. They're actually doing some really cool things with it, unlike the Eye toy, which is just a lot of crap.
So, I'm kind of excited to see what they're going to do with this, and I may actually have to pick up this game, just because my cat would love playing with this thing.
That's why.
Alright. Sounds good.
Alright, well, we've got one more bit for you guys here before we go to a break, and that is the Classic Game of the Week.
That's right. Every week, Dark Sakura goes to the archives and finds a game suitable for all of you out there in Orange Lawn's radio podcast land to check out and play.
And she's got a good one for you tonight. It's going to be one of those games where you're like, oh, she hasn't done this game yet. Amazing.
So, Dark Sakura, what should the kids be playing this week?
The game of the week is Jet Set Radio, which is one of my all-time favorite games.
Let's have some music, shall we, Rob?
Working on it.
Okay. Well, at any rate, Jet Set Radio is a game where you start off as this guy named Beat who is a runaway who got shoved from gang to gang until he decided to make one of his own, and they basically just go around tagging shit.
That's really the purpose of the game, is to tag stuff and wipe out your opposition.
And it's got some good music in it. We've got some Guitar Vader, which I like Guitar Vader.
In the U.S. version, there was a track by Mixmaster Mike and by, actually Dragula was in it, Rob Zombie. And there were a few that were only in the PAL release, too, such as, let's see, some of the groups was Semi Detached and Jurassic Five.
In the Japanese version, there was one by David Soul. So each release had its own stuff. Let's play some music.
This game really was a lot of fun. I really enjoyed this game when they were in gas.
Well, at any rate, the way that you go through the game is that you've got basically rollerblades, and you pick up different people in the game to bring them into your own little gang of Rudy's, they're called.
Like, the main guy, Beat, is very, you know, all around, you know, even. He's very balanced.
But you get another guy later, I don't remember his name, he was the guy who had the big boom box. He was really slow and really tough, so you could use him for, like, endurance.
But as the game goes through, you know, the police come after you and you have to knock them over, and you can actually tag the head detective who comes after you.
But in later stages, like, they send out helicopters to shoot you down and all kinds of stuff. It's crazy.
And then the last level is you're fighting this guy on top of a giant record album who's trying to use the album to summon a demon, but that won't ruin that for anybody.
But there were other releases after this first coin came out.
By the way, the Jet Set Radio thing is, actually, this Professor K is a DJ in a pirate radio station in the city of Tokyo-cho. There's also different areas in the game that represent a different time of day, like Shibuya-cho is daytime, Benten-cho is nighttime, and Kogane-cho is, like, a residential area at sunset. That's pretty cool.
But you've also got your rival gangs in there. There is the Poison Jam that wear fish costumes. They're kind of stupid.
The Noise Tanks are cyborg types, and Love Shockers are a girl game that look like the emo rangers, which I thought was funny.
And then you have to fight the Golden Rhinos later. The other versions that I was talking about is there was a Jet Set Radio Future that came out on Xbox, and we got it in America as JSRF, Jet Set Radio Future.
It came out in Europe, too. Basically, it was just a bit more touched up, you know, had different music.
Jet Set Radio came out on Game Boy Advance that was from an isometric perspective. It was alright, you know, it was cute.
Then there was actually one that was actually released called De La Jet Set Radio, which was the deluxe version, that was only in Japan via Dreamcast Direct.
It later came out of Sega Direct. So it's really hard to get a hold of, but you actually could download it in Europe.
You could actually set it for English, and the text of the game would be in English, but all the voices were in Japanese.
But it was also in German, French, and Spanish, too. So if anyone's got that, I'd like to see it.
And then a headstrong game actually talked to Sega about making Jet Set Radio Wii, and Sega's like, nuh-uh.
Bastards! That would be so great! Or especially with all the Dreamcast love we've seen on Xbox Live Arcade lately, what with Soul Calibur and some of these games.
I would love to see Jet Set Radio take a new form on Xbox Live Arcade or something, you know what I mean? Don't let this franchise rot away.
Well, the other thing that I also didn't mention is that, as much as I hate the name, we did get our first release in America as Jet Grind Radio.
So I don't know why I think maybe someone else had licensed Jet Set Radio or something. It was stupid, so now they fixed it for later versions.
Alright, well there you have it, your classic game of the week. Jet Set Radio or Jet Grind Radio, whatever you prefer.
Just go do some graffiti, but not in real life. Strictly for the games.
Oh, the other thing about that, you actually had a graffiti editor.
That's right, I remember that.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
See, that's why they need it. Imagine, with download content and everything, we could have OLR gang signs that you could use as graffiti. Alright, there you have it.
A very excellent classic game of the week. True, true classic there.
Alright, we are going to take a break, but fear not, we'll be back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
For those of you on the podcast, you'll just hear some quick not-commercials, because there are promos for other podcasts or other commercials for things going on out in the world that is completely free.
So we call it a free break. We're going to take a free break and we'll be right back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
For those of you guys listening live to us, though, on AllGames.com as we do tape live on Sunday nights, you'll hear some music.
Just a quick couple of songs and then some free break and we'll be back with more of Orange Launch Radio Part B.
Lots of stuff to come. Rumors abound about the 360 and this apparent price drop that's coming and if Microsoft's going to be taking some cues from Nintendo and what have you.
And then, by the way, something a lot of our listeners call in to talk about, canned, not happening this year.
We're going to talk about all that in Part B when we come back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
So you've got a bunch of websites and podcasts about anime, manga, or video games, but you just don't have the time to read and listen to them all.
When are you actually going to find the time to play games or watch anime?
That's why there's Antigamers. Not only are we a comprehensive anime, manga, and video game blog with news and reviews, but we've also got a podcast.
Tune in to hear our insightful conversation about your favorite geeky topics. We do news, reviews, con reports, debates, and even reporting convention panels.
Plus, you can expect something different from the Antigamers podcast every time.
That's because we always bring in new co-hosts, including our own staff, other podcasters, and industry insiders.
To subscribe, visit www.antigamers.com or search for us in the iTunes store.
The Antigamers podcast. Because we all need another anime and gaming podcast. Right?
Hi, this is your buddy Rob Roberts from OLR here. You know, I hate it when people come up to me and tell me I just lost the game.
I can't help but think to myself, what game? I'm not playing any video games right this second. Or I don't remember signing up to play Monopoly.
Apparently it's some stupid internet joke where if I think about the game, I lose the game.
You know, next time some kid tells me I just lost the game, I'm gonna tell them that they just lost their balance.
Then when they look at me like a puppy dog and say, what? I'll kick them in the shin. Then I'll point and laugh. Because I'm not playing your fucking stupid game.
Can't make it to this year's Penny Arcade Expo? All Games Radio has you covered.
We're totally excited. I was at PAX last year when we announced that we were doing the game, and this is like twice as big. It's just unbelievably amazing.
For three days, All Games Radio will bring you a total of eight hours of live coverage from the Washington State Convention and Trade Center in Seattle.
I hear ninjas take away five durability points.
You know, I haven't run into a ninja in the burning scene, but if they mythically did exist, I suspect they would take away five durability points.
Oh, they do exist. They're coming for you.
Come join Bobby Blackwolf along with some of your favorite All Games Radio personalities live as they talk about the games and the gamers at the show.
It is the freaking Voltron of independent podcasting.
Participating shows include Dead Pixel Live, Super Happy Funtime Show, Orange Lounge Radio, Under Sedation Live, Electric Sisterhood, Game Addict Hotline, Chatterbox Video Game Radio, Evil Avatar Radio.
Our trip to PAX has turned into a very interesting journey.
It could be the best trip of all time, or it has quite a few opportunities to go wrong on a lot of different levels.
Coverage begins at 7 p.m. Eastern, 4 p.m. Pacific on August 29th, 30th, and 31st, and you can join us either on All Games Radio at allgames.com or be a part of our live audience in one of the Sumo Lounges near Tabletop Gaming.
It just kind of feels like, yeah, these are my folks. This is our people. You kind of walk in and say, yeah, I feel like I'm home.
All Games Radio presents PAX08 Live. You won't want to miss this.
Music
Gaming Radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Moochawky.
Orange Lounge Radio.
PAXCon.
Welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge Radio.
I am so freaking excited about PAX. Can't get here any sooner.
But it's only a few days away from tonight.
Just to clarify, gang, some folks in the chat were asking, there will be no live Orange Lounge Radio on All Games next week, because it's 6 o'clock Pacific.
That's right when things are going to be wrapping up with the live PAX coverage, and Dark Soccer, myself, and Loki will be on a plane ride, so we can't do all our live next week.
But for those of you that listen on the podcast, which I hope all of you that listen live are still subscribed to our podcast feed,
we will be producing some shows that will go directly there from our hotel room, as well as participating in the Penny Arcade coverage that you heard there during the free break on AllGames.com.
And that's available if you want more information on that.
pax.allgames.com has all the information you need to know about that. And by the way, I love that ad. I love the fact that they have a guy in a radio voice going, and joining them is Super Happy Funtime Show.
Some of those other awesomely named podcasts that we're going to be attending with.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news. Loki, what's this about the price drop? Is it happening?
Probably. Where there's smoke, there's fire, and there's Xbox 360 price drops.
Well, you remember back a few weeks ago that there was a rumor that the Xbox 360 would be dropping in price on all three SKUs, including the recently introduced 60GB Pro system.
Well, if the rumor is true, then on September 7th, the arcade will be dropping to $1.99, the Pro system, the 60GB, will be dropping to $2.99, and the Elite to $3.99.
And there's a little bit more proof that it will probably happen, because guess what? Just like all those other price drops that have ever happened, there have been some ads leaked.
And wouldn't you know it, Radio Shack is listing the Elite for $3.99, and the arcade for $1.99, and the ad says it's good starting September 7th.
Damn you Radio Shack, for ruining it all.
So, you know, sure we could go and say that this is all rumor and stuff, but come on.
I mean, I'm not going to insult your intelligence. Of course there's going to be a fucking price drop happening.
The same thing happens every time there's a price drop or new SKU introduced that's always leaked out by these stupid ads.
And, well, what can I tell you? Just going to have to wait a couple more Sundays and we'll see.
Do you think maybe next time they should take a different approach and not tell retailers until the day they're ready to do it?
They can't, because they have to set up their advertising that way and co-op and stuff.
So there's really no way to do it other than punish the people leaking the stuff out.
It's too hard though, it could be anybody.
It's probably a small list of people, but I don't know.
I think what's interesting though is you've got a few things happening.
One, they've dropped their system down now to match what the Playstation 3 is kind of doing with their Elite system that has 120GB of hard drive space.
And it's priced the same as the soon to be introduced 80GB core system from Sony's PS3 line there.
And also the arcade system, which there's some info on that too coming later, priced lower than the Wii.
I mean that's kind of interesting right there.
If there are Wii shortages during the holiday, people might go, hey, let's buy a 360, it's cheaper.
That's probably exactly what they want people to do.
Cheaper and easier to find, more games out there.
And now they've got family friendly titles, they're really going to pull out some good game plan, that's all I've got to say.
Alright, well I'm looking at comments in chat here.
Joshi16 says, I may buy an arcade just so I can put an Xbox in another room.
Let's see, Rama says, hey Sony, 360 is getting a price drop, do the same for PS3 you fuckers.
Darktosuius says, my brother keeps bugging me about when's the PS3 coming down.
And IkumaJP, our good friend from Japan, agrees with Loki, they can't advertise this stuff in advance.
But he does say, every time a leak happens, kittens get killed.
You know the old saying.
Alright, anyhow, you know, Loki mentioned where there's smoke there's fire, but could there be a freaking nuclear bomb?
I don't know about this one, but apparently the arcade skew, coming down to $199 based on what Loki said.
Here it comes again, rumors that there is a motion controller coming with that Xbox 360 arcade this holiday.
Apparently this new arcade system, again this may not necessarily be the one that comes on September 7th,
I would think if it is we would have heard about it a long time ago,
but possibly one that's coming later on by the holidays,
says that it's going to come with a 512 megabyte memory card,
and the new Xbox experience is already there on the system so you don't even have to get online to get it,
and a motion controller is supposed to be coming with it along with some compatible mini games that have been developed by Rare.
Now here's where it gets weird, apparently this controller is also supposed to be sold separately with even more mini games by Rare.
So I don't know, the controller though is supposedly going to work with any Xbox 360 that's already out there,
so it's not like you have to get a new Xbox just to have this motion controller.
I don't know, fact or crap? I say it's crap.
If it actually does happen, it will have to happen by the end of October.
Because the end of October is when Microsoft has to announce this as Penny Arcade or E4A in other words.
I mean I can't imagine they would just keep it a freaking secret.
They would want everybody in the whole freaking world to know that this is coming,
and I don't know why they'd bother to put out a new SKU to lower the price to $199 unless they're trying to clear the shelves of the existing arcade units.
That's as far as I can believe.
I don't think so, because if they were going to release, if they were going to try to clear off the shelves of arcade units,
they would have dropped it down to $199 and this would come out at $239 or whatever.
What's going to happen though is it does have to come out though by the end of October,
because the end of October is when the new scenic game comes out and it has Avatar support already built in.
So the new firmware update is coming out before that, and if this firmware update is being included on the actual console,
it has to come out before the end of October.
But still Loki, September 7th, then they're not going to do two SKU things back to back like that.
But they're going to do this because including the 512 megabyte memory unit makes it on par with Nintendo's system,
and it's cheaper and it has motion controlled stuff.
But I just, why would Microsoft not say anything official about this and then drop this on us on September 7th?
Doesn't that seem a little bit far fetched?
Unless they're going to reveal it at Penny Arcade Expo, but I somehow doubt it.
I somehow doubt it too.
I don't know. Price drop probably. Motion controls, I don't know.
Dark Sakura, any interest in motion control on 360 at all?
Not really.
I mean, is it just because maybe it's like, yeah, I've been there, done that at this point?
I hated it on PS3.
Oh, with the whole six axis. Oh true, you always forget about that.
And honestly, I don't really play that many Wii games, you know. I don't really enjoy them as much using the controller that way, so I'm not excited.
Alright, well, we'll see what happens.
ActDeft in chat says, Microsoft Smart, they will make the arcade have the 20 gigabyte drive.
I don't know, as long as they keep selling that separately, why not?
But then again, it makes a lot of sense because Microsoft's trying to do a lot more digital distribution.
I don't know. We'll see.
Well, speaking of other Microsoft stuff, there was, at the Leipzig convention, a controller that was almost identical except for being kind of a pukey green color.
That had corrected a D-pad. Supposed to be a lot more easy to use, better control on it.
And it was supposed to be, you know, coming out along with Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 and, you know, people were pretty excited about it except that it was stated to be a limited edition promotional item that is going to be out on October 24th.
However, it's as long as supplies last and only available in Europe, Asia, and Latin America.
I think the color of that controller is limited edition. I think if they're going to fix the controller, they're not just going to fix it on some and just say forget it.
I hope you're right, Loki, because I know when I first heard about this news that Darth Sireth was telling us, I was like, why won't they just fix it across the board?
Okay, here's why I know that it's just the colors. Because the colors, the red and that ugly green are coming out. They were announced at E3 because they're coming out as well around the time of Gears of War.
I think it's actually at the end of October also. So if they decide to redesign the controller, those colors will probably be limited edition for a while because they already announced that those were going to be limited.
And then they'll probably just tweak the whole controller because there's no reason to make an entirely different mold and circuit board setup or whatever they have to do for the Xbox 360 controller.
Fix the problem and just say, okay, we're done. No more fixing. They're just going to fix it. Period.
I hope you're right. I would love, you know, although I kind of resent the fact I'm going to have to buy a whole new Xbox 360 controller to fix what was essentially their crappy D-pad, but I'll do it because I mean, I don't know how you guys feel.
I hate that D-pad on the Xbox. I mean, it really does take away from some of those games. I don't know how you guys feel, but I hate it. Do you use that control pad a lot?
I don't really hate it.
I can't stand it. It does not feel nearly as slick as Sony's pad.
No, that's true, but I never had a problem with it really. Not that much of a problem.
Alright. Well, there you have it.
It should be like the Wii D-pad. That'd be awesome. But, you know, we're never going to see it.
Just a little more defined when you push it in different directions. I mean, seriously, playing Soul Calibur or any fighting game with that stinks.
Yeah. So Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts. That's going to be coming out this fall.
And kind of with that is a little bonus. You actually get early access to the Banjo-Kazooie Xbox Live Arcade game release early and you get it for free.
So that's pretty awesome. And Banjo-Kazooie, of course, coming out for $40. If I remember correctly, mid-November. That would be like the 17th or 16th? I don't remember.
I don't know. It's kind of neat. Not my game.
Not my thing.
No, seriously.
There's tons of Banjo-Kazooie fans out there that I'm sure are very excited about.
It's not... I don't know. I have to go back and play Cameo.
You're going to go back and play Cameo?
I think I should.
Why? Just to get the achievement points. Admit it, Loki. That's what you want to do. You want to go back and get the achievement points.
Yeah, I do. But also I want to just play through the game because it was supposed to be pretty cool.
Alright. Also coming out to Xbox Live Arcade some day is a Lode Runner remake. I think we've talked about this on the show before because I seem to remember rumblings of this a while back.
I don't know how many of you remember this old game. It's a real classic game from the 80s personal computing era. They had it on Apple IIe. I had this game on Commodore 64.
Basically it was a very simple game with little sticks. It was kind of like a puzzle slash action game. You play this little stick man who ran around and there were ladders and monkey bars that you could kind of crawl across.
But what you would know this game best for was how you could dig a hole in the bricks and fall through them in a certain strategy.
By the way, if you've never played this game before, the TurboGrafx version I believe is on a virtual console. Like there's a version of it that's on any... sorry, Wii's virtual console.
Well apparently an Xbox Live Arcade remake is going on right now and IGN actually found this at the Leipzig show going on that there is a build of the arcade version that apparently is just about done.
Ready to go. So it's coming somewhat soon. Maybe before the holidays. I don't know.
They've got a lot of good releases coming on Xbox Live Arcade.
You know, I don't know though. I've got to admit, Lode Runner is kind of one of those 80's early games that was a lot of fun back in the day.
But I think if you played it now, I think the nostalgia would be gone soon unless they've made a lot of updates and changes to it.
This game has gone through a lot of different stages. There was a version put out in the early 90's, I want to say by Sierra, on Windows 95 or 3.1. I don't remember.
There was a kind of version with souped up graphics that added some stuff to it.
So, I don't know. Queltipo in chat says, Lode Runner was the game of choice in my school library. Ours was Monzuma Revenge in the early early days.
And then when I got into junior high school, Scorched Earth. It's all about Scorched Earth.
Kix. Kix.
Sorry, Kix is what I was playing in school.
Well, you had to issue Classic Game of the Week a few weeks ago for a reason.
You saw that they're making a Scorched Earth type game that's coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
That's awesome. I hope it has. You know like, Worms is kind of like Scorched Earth though.
But I want something that's really scaled back a bit in terms of you are a tank, you do not move.
I love the craziness of Scorched Earth. Remember how you could get those nuclear bombs that would blow up off the screen?
That was what I was talking about.
Just port Scorched Earth to Xbox Live Arcade. There would be a heck of people that would play it.
There was another one too, VGA Tank or something like that. There was a game just like it that came first.
Whatever happened to Scorched Earth? What a great game.
Alright, well anyhow, Lode Runner is also coming to Xbox Live Arcade soon.
Well, there are certain people who I believe need anger management issues.
Well, need anger management training. Well, not really so much as just need to not take out their frustrations on the inanimate object.
However, there was a man who had warned his three sons about how they were misbehaving while playing their Xbox.
And this is an old monstrosity, humongous Xbox. And so, he took their Xbox and nailed it to a tree.
Ripped out the circuit board and everything and nailed it to a tree.
Just like Jesus. Stop it. That must have been a big nail.
And their mother is saying that the problem was addressed properly. I think it was addressed very poorly.
And if they feel like wasting however much it cost at the time, feel free to waste the money all you want to.
However, they are putting the nailed to a tree Xbox.
Well, I should say the, or maybe as Loki was saying, the Jesus Edition Xbox on eBay. It's on an auction right now.
Of course, because people are retarded and will pay lots of money for that crap. Remember that one? There was a kid...
I was still, actually there was more to that.
Sorry.
Half of the proceeds are going to be going to their local schools and the other half will be going to the Children's College Fund.
I hope no one buys this at all. Remember that supposed story that someone's kid or whatever smoked pot and so they sold his guitar hero online?
And they got like over a thousand dollars for it.
Preposterous.
It was just retarded. I mean, people do not buy this thing. It's a broken Xbox and you're really going to pay good money for it?
I hope someone buys it because then I can laugh at them for being a big fucking idiot.
However, as was the most important question that rises from this as Joystiq asks, will it blend?
No.
I bet it will.
This type of idiocy will not blend.
Well, at any rate, I definitely, I want to find out who wins the auction just so that I can publicly ridicule them.
I need good laughing water.
Some people disagree. Shouran in chat says this dad kicks ass.
There you go. I find it interesting that it's funding the Kids College Fund though. It's kind of an interesting little side effect to it.
Alright. I hate to back up and go to the last story, but damn, I was curious and Bobby Blackwell filled me in as well on some stuff going on.
Apparently, there is a like Java version of Scorched Earth that you can play online and he actually gave me the address here scorched2000.com.
You can actually still play Scorched Earth and I was looking at Wikipedia though. I don't think that's an official port.
It's some type of clone game, but apparently, according to Wikipedia, back in 2005, the original developer said that more information on the official version might surface soon.
It was reiterated in 2006. Apparently, there's some type of Scorched Earth project that's been going on since March of 2006.
You can get a CD called Totally Scorched through the official website of Scorched Earth for 20 bucks.
I might have to see if I can find this guy and get him on the show. I think it would be awesome. I want to talk about Scorched Earth.
Alright. However, I do not want Xbox Tree Dad on our show. I think I would just not be able to control it.
I'd have to make fun of him too.
A little silly. I don't know. You're right. It's more the person who buys this than him. I mean, you know, however you want to parent your kids is your business.
I think that he was right to punish the children, but why not just put the functional Xbox on eBay and then that way you're getting money for selling a functional product?
Whatever happened to just taking the cord? Seriously?
See, that never worked with me because I would always find it.
It never worked with me either.
My mother took my TV away. This is how much of a brat I was. My mother took my TV away and I went and took it back and hooked everything back up and told her she couldn't do that because it was theft because she never bought it for me.
Better yet, and I know we're kind of contributing to this, why is this news? I know. I mean, seriously, it's like kids get punished in some creative way and I mean, who reported on this first?
I mean, obviously we reported on a story that someone else reported on, but did this like make the paper? I mean, is this like in Iowa or something, you know, where nothing happens?
The person who needs to actually make themselves a username instead of being OL army, recruit, whatever, just linked the article up, well, the eBay auction, I should say.
So it is...
Well, right now 850. So good. No one's really bidding on this.
Sick sad world.
But the user's name is blocked, whoever's bid on it. I don't know, part of me wants to go in or bid on this.
No, do not. I'm tempted. I'm so tempted.
All right. I just, what else do I want to say real quick about, ah, I forgot. Train derailed. Oh, well, we'll move on. Maybe I'll think of it later.
Did your train sink in the ocean?
Yes, it did. There was something else I wanted to say about this whole thing. Was it something I wanted to read and chat? I think it was.
Sorry. I'm sorry for the quietness. I'm reading the chat here. Joshi, Joshi 16 says, I don't believe it. This is a quick way to sell a broken console.
Very interesting.
I can just make up a cockamamie story about...
Yes.
Yes, and you get it on the news and people will do it.
But, see, I'm not an idiot that ruins my own systems. Everything that I have is still functional except for one 7800 that needs a new power supply.
Like, take a console system and say it's haunted or something and, like, come up with some sort of YouTube viral video and sell it.
Tiger Claw says, what the dad did was appalling. There was a perfectly good Xbox. The kids are going to be screwed when they find out their brand new Xbox 360 has limited backwards compatibility.
I know what I wanted to say earlier about the whole taking the cord thing. What I found out was that when my mom would take the cord to my Nintendo, that the cord from her VCR would work just fine in replacement.
Sony?
Yeah, it was the old RCA red, yellow things. They're all the same. So I would just take the cord from her VCR and it would work just fine in the Nintendo and she was not happy. Not happy.
I, you know, and I'm not condoning any other kids to be exactly as brat-tastic as I was. And dark tastic, yeah, the 7800s have a really weird power supply.
But they were also fairly unreliable as far as how well they stayed functional. So if you find a working one, you hold on to it.
But I was, I was, yeah, thank you, Bobby. I was a real big brat and I'm not ashamed of myself.
I have to read it. Bobby says you all, you were all brats. You should be ashamed. We really were.
I'm not ashamed because my bratliness meant that I actually had a brain and was willing to use it to my own benefit. And now that I'm an adult, I can use my brain even better.
Bobby says you will never grow up to amount to anything. Happy face.
Yeah, too many people said that. Look at me now.
Here we are on the internet. Alright, look at me now.
Yeah, well, I'm a celebrity on the internet, so whatever.
I do what I want. Alright, let's move on please, Loki, before we get too ghetto.
Well, something that's not going to amount to anything apparently is the 2008 edition of the Digital Life Expo.
It's been cancelled because of poor economic conditions. You people are too poor, so I don't know.
So, yes, apparently the last two years, you know, they had a significant gaming presence and facing lack of interest in the show.
In 2007, Ziff Davis' apparent strategy was to put more focus on gaming for the 2008 edition, but that's not going to happen this year obviously.
So, here's hoping for 2009.
So, just because of the recession, that's what they're chalking it up to?
Yep.
Huh. Well, I guess that's too bad.
Apparently the conventions run off of pure gasoline, and so, you know, gas price is going up.
I love that they had to use twigs and, you know, fire.
Alright, well, sorry to say, but Digital Life 2008 is cancelled.
There you go. For those of you that have already butchered plane tickets.
Anyhow, I'm sure we have a lot of New Yorkers who are very pissed off at the news that Digital Life 2008 is cancelled because there were some that used to always call in and talk to us about it.
So, in your honor, we will do the FUs of the Week right now.
My FU of the week goes towards my husband being at the GameCrazy Manager Conference in Las Vegas and me not being able to go to Las Vegas.
I'm sorry, did I say that out loud? Oops. But no, I actually do miss my boy a bit, and the sad thing is that he'll be coming back Wednesday, but we'll be leaving Thursday, so I actually have to miss my art class.
Like, maybe go to an hour of it, so I'm trying to think of how I can balance going to school and going to school.
Yeah, because you still have to get to the airport like an hour and a half early for all the check-ins and all that crap. So, fun fun.
Leave the house at four, because you've got traffic on top of that.
Lowkey, what are your FUs of the Week?
Like a normal American, I'm not going to take responsibility for it anyways.
This is why you play video games instead of real games.
As long as you're in direct sunlight for fifteen minutes, your body will make a sufficient amount of vitamin D, which you need to be healthy, so good for you being outside.
Um, I'll make my FUs short. Um, FU to breakups. They're no fun at all. We'll just leave it at that. The end. Let's go on, talk about other stuff, such as...
A stupid award to give away tonight. To this woman, Kimberly Jernigan. What the hell did she do?
Well, she played Second Life, but that's not the only reason why we're giving her one.
This is why we have to give a lot of people a stupid award. Apparently, here's the thing, she was actually having a romance in Second Life, and when her Second Life boyfriend guy dumped her or whatever...
Who was a lion. Or a tiger.
And bears, oh my. Apparently, here's what happened. The cops said that what this chick tried to do, she tried to kidnap her ex-boyfriend guy online, and he was some 52 year old guy, and he was a lion, and she was a human.
She tried not only to just kidnap him once, she tried to kidnap him three times. And she was driving up from North Carolina to come kidnap this guy or whatever, and she brought her dog with her the third time.
And so she cut the screen to get into this person's house, and was waiting for him to get home from work, and the dog kept barking, and so what did the gal do? She bound the dog and locked him in the bathroom.
So, F you to this lady right here for being so cruel to animals.
Finally, the lion guy gets home, and she had a pair of handcuffs with her, and a laser. Yes, that's right, a laser. Like, I'm gonna shine it in your eyes, you little bastard! I don't know.
So finally, she runs from the scene, leaving the poor dog behind. She did, by the way, get caught at a turnpike rest stop in the state of Maryland, and there it is.
There it is. I mean, you're not helping the whole stereotypes around Second Life players, seriously.
I was gonna say, there was also another one I had posted as part of, like, the Stupid Awards there, about some stupid kid who snuck onto his grandpa's eBay account and bought a Wii for almost 200,000 euros, and the funny thing was, he already had a Wii.
So parents, watch your kids, because they're bastards.
And in regards to our recipient of the Stupid Award this week, DJ Dark Knight in Chat says, that's a crazy bitch. I couldn't have said it any better myself.
I mean, is she really surprised that her relationship with the lion didn't work out? I mean, seriously, that wouldn't have ended well anyways, and think of what the babies would have looked like.
Footy Monster says she was gonna go pew pew pew on the lion dude. Seems like a flawless plan.
Mm-hmm. I am pleased to see, though, it's not just, you know, the guys becoming crazy and going after the women. You know, equal sexual representation here.
Women are capable of going crazy too, right Dark Sakura?
What do you mean by that?
Never mind.
You just need to stop that train of thought right there, and just be nice.
I'm always nice. I'm the king of nice on the internet.
The king of something.
Do we have more gaming news by chance?
Yes, and we have good gaming news. Very, very good gaming news.
As I'm sure everyone knows by now, I've been super, super excited about Tatsunoko vs. Capcom Cross Generation, which is going to be out in Japan this year, and they're actually talking about bringing it out on Wii because they're saying that the title will be on a Wii-compatible board.
So, I don't know. I guess maybe. So that would be kind of neat.
But I would be afraid of what it would look like on the Wii because it doesn't look like a Nintendo 64 game right now.
I'm sorry, did I say that out loud? No, I'm kidding.
I think it would actually be okay on Wii. I think it would be alright.
But I don't want to play a fighting game on the Wii. I do not want to play a fighting game on the Wii.
Unless we, you know, maybe on the classic controller or something.
Or Smash Brothers.
I want this to be out on PS3 or Xbox 360. That's what I want.
I want an arcade machine in my house. Now.
How long until this game comes out?
Soon?
Fair enough.
We don't have much year left.
I guess that's true. That's true. So I'm sure Dark Soccer will be importing this sooner rather than later.
It's always next year. But, I don't know.
No!
So, it's another day and Nintendo's been sued again for the Wii.
Oh yes, someone else claims that they thought of the Wii first in Hillcrest Laboratories this time.
They are basically suing them for using their motion controller inventions.
And Hillcrest is seeking to block imports of the Wii and Wii Remote.
Why just imports? That's kind of weird.
And according to a complaint filed with the US International Trade Commission,
they are also filing a civil lawsuit in federal court in Greenbelt, Maryland.
And it says, while Hillcrest Labs has a great deal of respect for Nintendo and the Wii,
Hillcrest Labs believes that Nintendo is in clear violation of its patent and has taken this action to protect its intellectual property rights.
And the three patents that they hold are for motion controller technology.
The fourth is for a graphic user interface.
And I guess they're behind the motion control technology of FreeSpace and a graphic interface called Home.
I don't know if that's the same as Sony's home, I assume not.
So, everybody wants a piece of the wee pie.
Apparently.
I think they should just go on Judge Judy and settle this all, don't you think?
Well, I mean, I don't know. I know patent lawsuits take a while, but seriously, it's like two years after this console's been out and you're just now suing them.
I mean, I have a hard time believing that they heard that this was coming out, they knew what it was, and they saw it come out, and it's using their technology,
and if they were legitimately trying to block them because they were planning on releasing something like that, I think they waited too long, and this is just a cry for money.
Can you imagine what it might be like if Nintendo and these guys did go to Judge Judy?
Get a life, you know, get a real job.
I eat morons like you up for breakfast.
You may live as, hopefully, as long as I'm, but you're not as smart as I am yet.
That's right, just as the American way on Judge Judy.
All right.
Well, hopefully Nintendo doesn't get too sued, or the game that Dark Soccer and I are most looking forward to, Animal Crossing City Folk, is never going to come out.
It has to!
Yes, it definitely has to. Well, here's some new things that have been announced about Animal Crossing City Folk.
I mean, not just, you know, what Loki talked to us about earlier, but apparently, here's some interesting things.
If you actually played Animal Crossing Wild World on the DS, you can now send your avatar from the DS game to the new game.
Also, you can take your travel data and actually download it to the DS.
So I'm wondering if that means that you can actually, like, take your Wii game, download the travel information to the DS, and go to a friend's house,
so that we don't have to haul, like, everything over, since there's, like, no memory cards, really, on the Wii.
I mean, I guess technically they have the SD card, but not a lot of people have that, so, kind of interesting.
My question, and this is kind of interesting, how the fuck would you do that?
Because if you, I guess you could, no, you can't even really save it to your DS, because there's no storage on the DS.
I don't know.
Unless they're hinting that there's storage on the DS, and they accidentally admitted to it.
Or there's extra storage data available on the cartridge, maybe?
Or why don't they have it where you can, I don't know, save it to an SD memory card, since there's an SD memory card slot on the damn machine that they don't use for anything? Seriously.
Well, anyhow, in a little less rantable news, holiday events are also coming back for the Wii.
Jingle the Reindeer comes back for Toy Day, which, you know, is just Christmas in a non-offensive way.
Apparently there's a new character, Zipper T. Bunny, who shows up for Bunny Day.
Hmm, I wonder what Bunny Day could be. Could it be a random Sunday between March and April? Who knows?
That was stolen from pagan religions. That was a fertility holiday.
Well, that would make sense that it's a rabbit.
Hi! Eggs, bunnies! It's a holiday about screwin'.
But really, we should really focus on the true nature of Animal Crossing, is that it hasn't changed in three games.
Look, all I want to know, can I still hit people with bug nets?
That's all I want to know.
I'm pretty sure you can't, because it hasn't changed in three games.
Alright. Every week you send us your love and adoration and cards and letters to our mailbag.
Mailbag at orangelandrater.com and DarkSakura opens up the old mailbag and reads some of her favorite emails.
But if I remember right, there's not a lot this week, is there?
There are three.
Which means we got an extra during the show.
Mailbag at orangelandrater.com if you'd like to send in your emails.
What? Uh oh.
Sauce just said Jesus died so he can eat chocolate.
Alright, let's open up the old mailbag.
The first email, um, it says, uh,
Dear C4 and Kagabra and the OLR crew, I've been listening to your show since, oh my god the spelling is atrocious, since episode 1 and I filled up my mp3 player for years and gave me all the gaming info before...
Bad grammar makes Jamie cry.
Before is not spelled letter B number 4, it's B-E-F-O-R-E. V is spelled T-H-E, not D-A. Magazines is spelled M-A-G-I-Z-I-N-E-S, not M-A-G-A-Z-E-E-N-S.
Ugh!
Did and saved me tons of cash in the year to buy, you spell anime right? What the fuck?
And manga, my collection, my girlfriend, cheer princess wants a D-S for PS, god use periods! I'm not reading this email.
No, you have to read the very end, because it does explain a little bit of the crappy email.
I know, but it was typed on a Wii, no spell or grammar check, well screw it! I don't need grammar check! And they make a thing called a dictionary.
Actually, they do have the mode where you type it in stuff, you start to type it in and it spells it for you, so...
That's lame.
You know, if I was all into the sound boards as much as the chat room thinks I am, this is the part where I would play the clip from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
You get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
Next email.
Okay, now I'm gonna finish it, because I'm a nice person.
Alright.
I'm trying to be nicer to people, and I mean nothing bad against this person as a person, just don't be so fucking lazy. It's not hard, it doesn't take that much more time to type it.
Or to use your actual email.
Alright, yeah.
Okay. She loves MySpace and mystery and roleplay games, what should I get her? PSP or a DS? Get her a DS. And advice on how to get more than five listeners on my podcast, Pokefan Radio.
You know, advertise, dude. Go out and whore yourself out. We used to post on all these different message boards and put a link to our podcast and our radio station and our signatures and just posted the fuck out of them, so go for that.
That's what you should do.
And I feel bad that you have a level 70 and your girlfriend only has a level 10, but you do need to study.
You know, to translate his email into English, he says that his girlfriend says to log off and study or he's gonna drop out and live in his mother's basement.
And that he sleeps in class. Your email is quite evident of this.
It's really a good idea if you log off of World of Warcraft and pay more attention in English class. Please.
Please. I'm urging you to take the goddamn time to pay attention and to spell shit right and use periods.
He used one period. Okay, I'm impressed. He used one.
Oops, sorry about that. You just got a break in the podcast there. We had some live difficulties in the studio when I tried to play a sound clip.
It screwed up the recording of the show. Right in the middle of Jamie's rant, which is probably to the blessing of the email.
Hey! Well, during the middle of this though, Loki and I made some special announcements that only the live listeners get to hear.
There you go. All the more reason to tune in live Sunday nights.
Yeah. So, next email. Dun dun dun. Just in case you guys needed some mail. Thank you, cause we did. Anyways, I'm a new listener. A.K.A. the 56 care came in on episode 283, but just wanted to say what's up. Your show is the best. I need to get all the back episodes as possible, being as it's the only thing that gets me through the night at work.
You guys rock. Keep on doing your thing and I'll keep on listening. I'm gonna try to change my hours at work so I can tune in live on Sundays. I'll let you know how that goes anyway later.
Also, you need to use capitalization and punctuation and through is spelled T-H-R-O-U-G-H, not T-H-R-E-W.
But thanks for listening. But seriously, it's time to go broadband. I mean, if you're still on 56k, you poor thing. Poor, poor thing.
I know. But, you know, I provide these grammar and spelling lessons as a public service. It's free. I am trying to better the world through proper grammar and spelling.
One word at a time.
Exactly. Last email, I think. Regarding your latest PSA, if Triple H retires from wrestling, would it be acceptable to walk up to McMahon and say you just lost the game? Didn't think so. I love wrestling jokes, really. That made me laugh.
Blink, blink, blink, blink.
Rob doesn't watch wrestling. He likes glow. The gorgeous ladies of wrestling.
Yeah, I like watching-
And it's all about Godiva.
I like watching lady wrestling. One night at Rocky Horror, we actually did a wrestling themed night at Rocky Horror Picture Show. We did a TLC match. We did a tables, ladders, and cookie sheets. It was fun.
That sounds pretty great.
It was pretty awesome.
Also, also, also, last part to this.
I got to play the A-hole guy that's in charge of the W-D- what's his name?
He has to be McMahon.
McMahon. Yeah, but we changed everybody's name slightly, so I was him.
Also, is it acceptable to be offended by people being offended? What about being offended by people being- this is from Robert M.
You know what, just everyone needs to learn how to get over themselves and be a little bit more accepting of everybody else around them.
The end!
If you want to send us some emails and get Taunted by Jamie, mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com. Have your spelling and grammar evaluated.
I corrected my teacher!
You should start grading their emails based on their spelling and grammar.
Well, those last two just got an E.
Look, well not the very last one, but my teacher put in the syllabus that if we can ever find any spelling or grammatical errors that he puts in any of the documentation he puts out on the website for my painter class, then we get an extra bonus point for class.
And I found one right away and emailed it to him, so I now have a bonus point for the class. We hadn't even done anything.
Alright, let's get back to gaming news before we turn into the grammar podcast or whatever.
There's a really good one too!
We inspire you all to do more gooder on your emails.
Alright, Loki. Well, yet another rumor that came true. The PSP 3000 was announced at Leipzig this week, and like the rumors had stated, it has a built-in microphone and a PlayStation button instead of a home button.
Other changes that have happened, the LCD screen is a lot more responsive and also a little bit brighter or easily viewed in the highlight situations.
And supposedly they're going to be updating the core pack, which will be coming out in November, which will come with a black system, a 4GB memory stick, and a voucher for everyday shooter.
And what's kind of neat also, the PSP 3000 is a little bit more rounded, but that's basically it.
And it comes with pie. And that's why I want one.
No, the pie is a lie.
What? No free Marie Callender's pie? What's up with that?
I don't know.
I just thought with everything else they were throwing in, maybe they'd throw in a pie. Who doesn't like pie?
I don't like pie.
Well, you're the devil.
Rob, let's go get pie.
Pie would be amazing right now.
It would be. And I have to drown my sorrows in pie.
I gotta move on. You can drown your sorrows in two new games coming out. They're coming out on the PSP, but here's the neat thing about it.
These games are not only going to be hitting stores for the PSP, they're actually going to hit PSN at the exact same time. In Japan, anyway.
And it's all happening in October.
The games that are going to be released simultaneously, Bleach Soul Carnival, because you just need another Bleach game, and Yusha no Kusei ni Namikadikida is coming out.
Digital distribution and the exact same day a PSP retail counterpart, exact same time.
Both versions are only going to send you back 1000 yen. That's about $10 or so.
So, kind of interesting there.
Oh, I'm sorry. I take that back. The downloadable version is actually $10 less.
So, huh. I wonder if, you know, because there's no case, no manual, no disc, whatever.
So, kind of interesting there, the approach they're taking.
I don't know if that's a dangerous one or what.
But, it's happening in Japan, not here, so it'll be interesting to see if it sets any precedence for here or if they try to do something similar here.
Who knows? We'll see.
I'm sorry, I gotta say this.
May Satsuma in chat says this.
PSP 3000 came with Pi. It should be called PSP 3.14 then.
Nice. I get it. I see what you did there.
Good job.
Math joke.
I love math jokes.
Okay.
I know I have mentioned this before that there, in Brazil, there is a big following for the Mega Drive.
To the extent that even some games that were released on the Sega Genesis were actually released in Brazil on the Master System because it was so popular.
Well, now, because it's still popular, what has been released now by Tech Toy, which is a Sega licensee,
the Master System 3 is now out and it looks sort of like an old Genesis and it has a Sonic painted on it in blue, like an outline Sonic.
It has 131 built-in games on it, G-rated games, so it has no cartridge slot and retails for about $133.
It actually, and I'm going to the webpage to see if it's hopefully not written in Portuguese.
Okay, some of the games that are on it.
Shadow Dancer, which was one of the really good Shinobi games.
Alice Kid in Miracle World, Shinobi World, Lost Stars, High Tech World, those.
You also have Enduro Racer, E-SWAT, which was one of those games that was downgraded.
Fantasy Zone, Fantasy Zone 2, Fantasy Zone 3, Golden Axe, hang on.
Ken Seiden, what's another good one that was on here?
Thunder Blade, Super Space Invaders, Sonic Drift 2, and Rainbow Islands, Rastan Saga.
Lots of good stuff.
Huh, well...
Oh, and Battle Outrun.
You know, hey, there's lots of folks that love the nostalgia. I'm sure if they released something like that up here, some people would buy it.
Because hey, they do those, the Genesis controller type things that have all the Sonic games in them, those sell really well.
I'll have to tell you, Rob, I actually am very, even though I have almost all of the games on the list that were out as actual Master System games,
I'm actually considering that this might be a worthwhile purchase for my house.
Why not? Add it to the museum.
You can actually download a lot of them emulated, and really, they're very solid ports of the games.
There's even, I believe, a copy of Strider that came out on Master System in Brazil that was supposed to be pretty darn good for a Master System game.
I'd like to hear from some of our Brazilian listeners. Let us know what you think of this.
Do we have any Brazilian listeners?
I think we do.
You don't even have to tell us what you think of this. Just say, hi, I'm from Brazil, because I'm curious if we actually have listeners there.
Alright, moving on.
Right, we've got a bunch of homebrew news and hacking news to tell you about.
So, real quickly, I mentioned four things that are kind of neat.
First, Sailor Moon. Apparently, there's some guy making a few homebrew Sailor Moon games,
some of which are going to be on the Wii, and they are sprite-based brawlers, which is kind of interesting.
Well, they've released actual Sailor Moon fighting games. My first important game was the Sailor Moon Super S fighting game.
But, what's even bigger than that, of course, and how we cannot forget this, the Wii has been hacked to allow DVD video playback.
There's a patch, well actually, you can install a program using the homebrew channel, and it will allow you to play DVDs, like DVD movies.
And also, they have enabled DVD-capable homebrew programs, such as Nintendo 64 emulators that can read ROMs straight off of a DVD disc.
So, way to go beating Nintendo at their own game.
That is actually all kinds of funny, I have to admit. Come on, who isn't thinking this is hilarious?
For the DS, there are some interesting homebrew games out there. One that I thought looked really weird was Magnetic Shaving Derby.
Basically, you control a magnet using your DS stylus, and you attract a razor blade across a weird-looking face, and try not to cut the guy.
So, I don't know. That's kind of interesting. If that's not your cup of tea, then maybe you should check out one of the many games that are available, thanks to the Nioh Summer Coding Competition 2008.
They have lots of cool games for the DS, Game Boy Advance, and the PSP, and they're all homebrew, including updates, of course, to still-live DS.
There's some other neat things. There's some sort of, I don't know, chess game. They've got some puzzle games.
Lots of neat-looking stuff. There's some platformers in there. Lots of cool stuff to check out, especially if you have homebrew-enabled portable systems.
And you can find that on the forums of neoflash.com.
Lots of stuff going on in the hacking and homebrew world this week. We DVD players sometimes.
And we'll have some more stuff for Last Minute Stories as well.
Alright, well then, before we get to Last Minute Stories, we've got one more story for you before we open up the Skype line.
And by the way, tonight's Skype line is only accessible tonight at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
The 800 number is down. It's not the 800 number that's down. Our Skype end number is down.
Because I failed at renewing it on time, so I'll have to do that after the show.
So tonight, guys, we can only get access through the Orange Lounge Radio username on Skype.
That's how the majority of you are calling us anyway.
Something that has been announced at X08 in Toronto. Duke Nukem 3D is coming out for the Xbox Live Arcade sometime in September.
Which is pretty cool, because that means, like, soon.
And new to Duke Nukem 3D on Xbox Live Arcade? A saved film and gameplay rewind feature.
I mean, if you thought it was cool in Braid, it's going to be even more awesome when you can actually just rewind.
I don't know if it's the touch of a button or how that's going to work, but you'll actually be able to rewind gameplay if you want to undo something you screwed up.
And then if you want to share...
Like with an emulator?
I guess so. Which is kind of neat.
You can also save films, like if you have an especially memorable time that you shot a stripper and you want to share it with your friends, you could put it on a film.
And YouTube's galore! Just wait for it. Duke Nukem 3D. I hope the graphics are getting a little bit of a touch up, though.
That's one thing I'm kind of looking forward to.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, you can on the Skype line. OrangeLoungeRadio is our username on Skype.
Please, if you're going to use Skype to give us a call, please make sure you've contacted Echo123 at some point before you call us. It's already ringing.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ronmo.
Well, hello! You always seem to get through first. What's on your mind, buddy?
Not too much. I have a few things I want to discuss. I'll make everything as quick as possible.
Sure.
I remember as a kid, I got in trouble for doing something stupid and my mother grabbed my new Tetris 2 game, the power adapter, and both my controllers and sent me off somewhere.
When she left, I waited about a good hour after she left the house, I went and found myself and hooked it back up.
She probably was not happy when she got back home.
Yeah, there's still a mark on the back of my back as a reminder when she discovered what I did.
Ouch, sorry to hear it, but bad boy, bad boy.
What else is on your mind?
That was then, but as for this whole digital life thing, my theory is that because digital life is the same weekend as New York Anime Festival and the people that run NYAF, real expeditions, need a large space, I don't think it was able to accommodate. That's my theory.
Interesting. You don't think it has anything to do with just competing expos or maybe general, like a lot of folks say that digital life was not all that last year.
I would think if it's conflicting space issues that they could, I don't know, reschedule.
Yeah, because the thing was, all the second floor was going to be digital life and downstairs was going to be NYAF.
But from what I'm hearing, NYAF is going to be the entire second floor like Comic Con was this past year.
And from my understanding that they were letting people have free passes to digital life, so you know, I went last year and I had a great time.
Well, who knows? I mean, I guess they are rescheduling it for 2009.
No sweat off my back.
Well, you know, it sucks to be the DDR people who are all excited about it.
Exactly. For them, there's Dave & Busses and Chinatown Fair.
Exactly. Anything else, Rama?
Quick wrap-up of Otacon, because I know the Rob D is trying to call in to cover the game room aspect of it, so we went this year and it was great.
What about, since you're an anime expert, what were some of the good cosplays you saw? Actually, I'm curious about video game cosplay specifically, though.
There was more video gaming cosplay at Otacon than anime cosplay. The most popular was, believe it or not, Super Mario Bros.
Everybody was running around as Mario or Luigi. That was the thing this year.
Interesting. Kind of seems a little like a standard. You know, it's kind of like expecting to see, you're going to see a Naruto at some point or a Sailor Moon.
Yeah, there was some Sailor Moon cosplays, a lot of Naruto cosplays. I mean, there wasn't even as many Final Fantasy cosplays this year as normally.
It's like, I guess, retro video gaming is a big thing, and my theory is after Super Mario Bros. came out, everybody wants to do Mario Bros. cosplay.
Plus, it's not that difficult, all things considered. I mean, it might be kind of complicated to do a really good one.
If you really want to be precise, you get someone to make the nice hat, the gloves, but you know.
Right, right. Well, Rama, thank you so much for the varied call tonight.
Of course, of course.
Alright, have a good one, and have fun at that New York Anime Festival. It should be fun.
Later, I will.
Bye-bye. If you want to give us a call, OrangeLoungeRadio is our username on Skype. Our 800 number is down tonight.
It will be back in a couple weeks when we're back live taking calls.
Hi, on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, what's up? It's the Rob D.
Well, hey, speak of the devil. Rama just talked about you in the last call, so you went to Otakon this year.
Indeed I did. I took the 12 hour drive over to Baltimore, and that was rough.
Wow.
Especially going through Ohio. No offense to anyone. Actually, no complete offense to everyone in Ohio. Ohio sucked to drive through.
It can't be as bad as some of the West Coast states to drive through. Like, have you ever really driven through New Mexico?
No, I haven't.
There are some very beautiful parts of New Mexico, don't get me wrong. No offense to the people that live there.
But there's some parts of New Mexico that are like, damn. Or just anything east of Reno or Las Vegas and Nevada. It's pretty terrible, too.
Well, and we got a ticket while we were driving through Ohio, so that kind of taints my view on things, too.
Ouch. Yeah, that'd do it.
That's something that was beautiful. But, as for the con itself, I posted the link to my photo album in chat, my photo bucket.
I went through some stuff. I actually see me dressed up as Terry Beauregard, which, I gotta say, I've been to Anime Central, and I went to Otakon this year.
And I got a much better response over at Otakon. I had people, I couldn't actually take like, I don't know, 20 steps through the convention without someone yelling,
Are you okay? Or, hey, come on, come on, at me.
Nice.
It was fun. But the game room was huge.
Is it just because, you know, as Ramo was saying, there's more people doing video game cosplay this year, or do you think that's why more people recognize you?
Ha, I like this Metal Gear one. That's great. Two people put their little faces in a transmitter cutout there. Love it.
Yeah, especially with the name reference, too, with Otakon and Otakon.
Ah, true, true.
I don't know, there was a lot of anime stuff. I actually kept an account of how many Shinigami versus how many Akatsuki I saw, you know, from Bleaching Naruto.
It ended up being tied at 154.
Wow, I'm trying to, I, okay, wait, I found one of your Terry Beauregard, there, oh, you even got the hat there that says Fatal Fury.
You cannot have the hat.
Whether it's the metal plate for Fatal Fury, or whether it says Neo Geo or Fatal Fury, you gotta have it.
Let's see, what else is there that you got pictures of here?
Lucas from Mother 3, I want to see that one.
Ah, I'm looking at your photo bucket, your username on photo bucket if other people want to look at this, it's TheReabd.
The Reabd, because someone already had TheReabd, so.
Oh, what a jerk.
It's T-H-E-R-E-A-B-O-D.
Nice, Aness and Lucas.
Yeah, I've got a pyramid hat. You can actually see Rama, and there's a black mage, too.
Really?
Yes, ah, you can look at the tags on the left. I have a tag that's Rama.
Oh, he's got a new outfit.
In the dealer's room.
Nice, don't call him Heedy.
Oh, there's Rama, O-L-R.
Oh, no, that's the old one I knew. Okay, you have two black mages in there.
Oh, interesting. Sorry, this is making for a horrible radio, so.
But definitely lots of video game cosplay.
The game room was gigantic. There's actually a couple, a YouTube video, I think, of the game room.
Much, much bigger than the one over at ASN, but this one had pretty much an entire, I don't even know how to put it.
Probably about, if you took a Sam's Club and split it in half, that half would be how big the game room was.
Or a Costco, or whatever your regional giant bulk store would be.
And they had everything. Lots of shooters, lots of fighting games.
Mostly, you know, most of the anime-related stuff.
Fatal Fury, Street Fighter.
I saw two people dressed up as Kenso from King of Fighters, which confused the heck out of me, because...
Kenso? Really?
That's cool.
And they kind of wanted to hang out with me since they found another guy with KOF cosplay, but...
Oh well.
I used to do Leona cosplay.
Look at YouTube here, just looks like a big line.
Let's see, I'm trying to find, let's see.
Yeah, I guess there's a huge line to get in the game room.
I've never seen a Leona cosplayer. That would have been nice, because a friend of mine and I went as Ralph and Clark to ASUN.
Well, at Anime Expo, two of my friends that I used to hang out with online, who each had a Ralph and Clark name for a while,
we ended up going for the big KOF meet there, but my costume is about three sizes too big for me now.
But I was thinking about remaking it.
Yeah, I think my favorite picture in that whole album is of Sergeant Frog as L from Death Note.
So great.
That's cool.
But again, the game room, lots of stuff, lots of rhythm games, you know, again, it's pretty much all rhythm and fighting games.
Tons of people playing Brawl, I think they probably had like, I don't even know, eight or twelve TVs, giant HGTVs playing Brawl.
Gears of War, Halo 3, and Call of Duty 4 were there, which surprised me a little bit, but you know, you've got a lot of people that like to play that online, so it's not too shocking, I suppose.
Pretty much any fighting game you could ever want. KOF 98 on Neo Geo, KOF 11, what else, Marvel vs. Capcom.
I think I said I had one KVN, Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Capcom vs. SNK 2, even Street Fighter Alpha 3 was there.
So it's just fighting game heaven, but that doesn't surprise me really, considering, you know, it's, you know, anime con and all that.
Yeah, lots of rhythm games, Pop'n Music, DDR, I saw Beatmania there, what else?
Oh, and the best part about that was that those were hooked up to standard TVs instead of HDTVs, just so you didn't have the lag.
What do you think of, speaking of Pop'n Music, what do you think of, I don't know if you were here during Part A, we talked about Beat'n Groovy, the Xbox Live Arcade port of Pop'n Music.
I didn't hear about that. What's it gonna have on there?
Oh god, it's gonna be interesting.
I don't know how that'll really work with the Xbox 360 controller.
Yeah, especially with that D-Pad.
Well, not really my thing, and I wouldn't expect it to work very well, especially since, is there even a 360 Pop'n Music controller? I doubt it.
No, no. So it's gonna be different. Let's just leave it at that.
Alright, RobD, anything else you wanna share about Otacon with us?
I've got tons of stories, but honestly, nothing really short enough to say here.
Well, except the Kool-Aid Man made it quite a stir.
There was a guy with a boombox in front of him, playing one of the jingles from the Kool-Aid commercial.
It was almost like the Red Sea party wherever he went, because everyone just got out of the way and started taking pictures.
That's pretty awesome, though. But what the hell does the Kool-Aid Man have to do with Otamakons?
You see the most random stuff, but it's awesome.
Three people were thirsty. They needed Kool-Aid.
Alright, take care, RobD.
See you later.
Hey, hey, hey!
Actually, that was fat Albert, but, you know, same thing.
Alright, we'll take one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello?
Hi, who's this?
Hey, it's Ryama.
Hey, you're very, very quiet. Can you get a little closer to your mic?
Yeah, how's this?
Hello?
Any better? Hello?
We can barely hear you. Get out your question and we'll try to answer it.
Uh, no, I just wanted to say hi. I don't know where my mic is.
Um, I just wanted, I haven't listened to Orange Launch Radio in forever, and I figured tonight I'd listen.
So, hi, um, I don't really have a question. I just want to say I'm getting raped at Dr. Mario, and it's making me feel really bad about myself.
Alright, well thank you for the call, and good luck finding the microphone.
I'm hearing too much feedback on that call.
I think he said something about getting raped at Dr. Mario? I don't know, maybe I misheard that, I don't know.
Anyway, well thanks for listening, and especially Mr. Hiyus.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello, Orange Launch Radio Land. It is a long-time listener, disappearing for a long time, reappearing for a short time, and, uh, lather, rinse, repeat.
Yeah, where the hell have you been?
Uh, busy. Life Sundays are not the most free for me anymore for a number of reasons, and that's about to start over, eh, excuse me, start over again.
Yeah, I'm sorry, I should have had you introduce yourself for those that don't know your voice.
Hi, I'm Jason. I'm a cool guy. I'm technically part of Orange Launch Radio 2.
You are, you are. So I'm just looking at the awesome Pyramid Head cosplay that Rob D. is sharing with us.
Alright, so what's on your mind? So you've been busy, but what provokes the call tonight?
Um, I think that Konami should not make any more music games for America.
You think that's it? They've used up all their chances.
It's, it's not even that. I love Rock Band. I absolutely do. That game is absolutely amazing, and it is way more than Guitar Freaks' Drummania ever were.
I loved Drummania. I loved Guitar Freaks. There's an arcade here that has the both of them. The Guitar Freaks is first mix, so I don't really play it, but the Drummania is V, and I go back and play it.
It had good music. I liked it. It was a fun game, but for Americans, for sales, and the ability to persist and survive in this market, this market ain't gonna happen.
Well, you say they shouldn't make any more music games, but what about, you know, DDR, which, you know, has, you know, we covered that earlier. There's always those games coming out.
Okay, minus that one, because that one actually got popular somehow. Without, I guess it's the fact that so many other songs are English.
It's so frustrating, though, because, you know, games like Beatmania had so much potential, and it's just, to see a whimper out is just very sad.
You remember all the, uh, yay, tongue-tied, woo-hoo! Do you remember all the hoops we had to jump through to get 7 style?
And now look how big 2DX is for consoles in Japan again.
Yeah, I remember. I wish I, I, which back then, I was highly critical of that whole thing, and I thought it was stupid.
Yes, I absolutely remember this. Years ago. It was one of the first things we talked about on the show, probably, at least, probably within the first year of OLR.
And for those that weren't around, you know, six years ago, basically what Konami was doing is they, they, everybody had to sign a petition or something?
A hundred and thousand, it was either a hundred thousand or two thousand, two hundred thousand signatures, and then a hundred thousand pre-orders.
Oh my, yeah, and then, like, if they didn't get so many pre-orders on the official website, they weren't gonna make the game.
It was so dumb, like, you know, just, it was so, like, the way they were just teasing us, and well, I guess it worked, you know, the game eventually came out.
And it's been doing very good ever since, at least in Japan, of course.
So is that what they need to do here? If they're gonna release another BeatMania game here, force ten thousand people to pre-order?
No, it's not gonna happen. People, it's, it's too weird, and the DJ culture is, while there are, of course, a lot of DJs, music performers and whatnot,
it just doesn't have the same, I don't even know what the word is that I'm looking for, it's not American in the sense that it's not gonna take off like that.
I mean, rock band is traditional, that is, in that genre of music, that is what, you know, American is all about, live performance, I am completely and totally screwing this up.
Sorry, no, no, no, would you say that Konami's biggest problem, outside of the DDR series, because that's successful, but Konami's biggest problem in launching these other series is that they have no idea how to choose songs?
That's part of it, and just the manner of playing the games, how the games are played is just too different.
I mean, pop and music and 2DX are very out there, even people who would understand what the concept of a DJ is, is not gonna pick up on 2DX immediately, and you know us, and if I can't do it now, I'm not gonna do it.
By us, I mean, you know, typical people who, ADHD, run through arcades, play something and then never again, unless it actually, you know, gave them something special or something along those lines.
So why Rock Revolution? Why did Konami do this?
Because Konami is in America, because Konami is supposed to be the name, game, and face of music games, and because they have to exert their fantabulousness and it's not gonna work.
It's a stripped down Guitar Freaks.
Why do this, though, why embarrass themselves with this game when they could explore a new idea in the music game world? Why go through this embarrassment?
Because they tried new in America, and it didn't work. That was Beatmania. They're trying new in America, that's beat and groovy, it's not gonna work.
So they're trying what was popular, Rockband, Guitar Hero, let's bring a guitar game, but the unfortunate thing is, it's not gonna work, comparatively speaking, of course.
What about what Bobby's saying in chat right now, they're only doing it for the patent lawsuit against MTV?
A lot of people say that's the only reason why Supernova came out. I'm half tempted to believe them just because Supernova, the interface and all things associated, was done pretty horribly by comparison.
I said this three years ago until I was blue in the face and I say it again now, the reason why In the Groove got smacked down is because they dared to enter the home console.
If they had never done that, we'd still have In the Groove arcade machines today. Mark my words?
Mark my words. If they had just kept it in their pants and not tried to invade the home market, this would have never happened.
I'd like to mark your words, but I don't have a time machine, I'm sorry. We are not brave, we cannot hold the button and go backwards.
Fair enough. Alright, Jason, we gotta go soon and wrap up the show, any final thoughts?
No, don't leave me, no.
We have to, we'll be back.
Okay, alright, see you later, Jason.
Alright, guys. Alright, we always like hearing from the long time money fans.
Sorry for those who didn't get through tonight, but we gotta get out of here, wrap things up, but not before we get some last minute stories.
Narsak, have you got anything for us tonight?
No, I do not.
What? Who and blah?
Oh, yeah, actually the Ferret does.
Lowkey, do you have any last minute stories tonight?
Yeah, yeah, time.
I got time.
Make it quick, I'll try to.
Anyway, let's get started here.
Apparently, Sony thinks that the Mirror's Edge will be exclusive to them for some time bearing.
It says, according to Reeves, Mirror's Edge will initially be exclusive to the PS3 this year, and the PC and Xbox 360 versions will be following much later.
Thankfully, they're wrong, so EA has come out and said, no, that's not true, and why they're spreading those kinds of rumors, they will never know.
Mega Man Star Force 3 got announced at, apparently, the Mega Man festival that was going on.
Yes, there was a Mega Man festival going on, and it'll be coming out in two different flavors, Black Ace and Red Joker, going for the card theme there.
Conduit is supposed to be shown at PAX, and they're going to be shown off at Nintendo's booth, which is kind of interesting, making you wonder, possibly, could Nintendo be publishing that game?
That would make sense.
I would hope that they would do that, but who knows, because right now they're saying that they still don't have a publisher, but that could be an announcement, you never know.
Let's see here.
Apparently, someone has finally hacked the PS3 to run backups. They're almost ready to release the exploit, I should say.
It's being done kind of strangely. You have to have two hard drives for the PS3, and it will allow you to run games, any game, as long as you have a Playstation 3 game in the disk drive.
I'm not sure how that's going to work, but they do have a video showing it being done, and I don't know, it's kind of weird.
Finally, let's see here, a couple other things. The Last Guy is coming out on August 28th on the Playstation Network, so that should be pretty cool, it's only about $10.
And Disaster Day in Crisis may actually be coming out eventually. Apparently, the Australian version of the ESRB has raided the game, so maybe it's not disappeared after all. That's kind of cool.
Also, not to be outdone by the iPets, Nintendo is going to be getting Monkey Madness on the Wii, which is a monkey pet sim, so you can play with your monkey. Hooray.
Konami showed off a new game at Leipzig. It's not scheduled to come out until 2010. It is a game called Lords of Shadow, and kind of looks a little bit like a next-gen Castlevania.
Because it has the main character Gabriel, who sort of looks like he could be a Belmont, fighting off some sort of monster with a flaming chain whip.
And if that doesn't scream Castlevania, I don't know what will. And those bastards in the UK have gotten Super Mario RPG on the Virtual Console, and I am angry.
But it's part of the new Hanabi Festival, which they will be getting a bunch of Japanese-only games. Hopefully that will be coming over here as well. The other thing they're going to be getting is the real Mario 2, or Mario The Lost Levels, as it was called over here.
Harmonix is teasing their next music game. They haven't really said what it is, but it... I talked about this at the end of part A. Oh, never mind. Never mind.
Fable 2, the pub games. There was an exploit in there where you can cheat and get lots of gold. Well, they're going to be fixing that, so if you want to still cheat, you'll just have to play it offline, so it doesn't patch.
I haven't gotten a chance to play it yet by downloading it. Apparently Guitar Hero World Tour is going to be having some interesting modes for the Wii.
You're going to be able to put your Miis in there and play Mii Freestyle, which is kind of like Wii Music a little bit.
That's kind of interesting because Guitar Hero World Tour will actually be coming out before Wii Music does.
Speaking of music games, Bobby is quick to point out that we are neglecting that Moving Pictures is coming to Rock Band this Tuesday. That would be a Rush album, for those that don't know. That's going to be their big download content this week.
Grand Theft Auto IV for the PC is going to be getting a replay editor and also higher resolutions and enhanced multiplayer, so that's kind of cool. That's going to be coming out in November. Rock the Vote is going to be canvassing Xbox Live. That's kind of dumb.
Alone in the Dark, the PS3 version which is coming out in November, is going to be getting a whole bunch of patches to fix all the problems in the game. Well thankfully, if you bought a version of the Xbox 360 version of Alone in the Dark, you will also be getting those same patches that will be coming with a downloadable patch, probably around the time of the PS3 game.
So, if you have the game that long, well then, it will be fixed.
We talked a little bit about PS3 SKUs and stuff like that. There are some new announced SKUs for the UK, including a 160GB PlayStation 3 SKU with Uncharted and Pain and DualShock 3 for $4.99. That is going to be replacing the 80GB system that's currently available right now with Metal Gear Solid 4.
And finally, the last thing, Red Alert 3. They announced the cast for the game, and I gotta say it's got a lot of pretty awesome people in there.
Everybody from Jenny McCarthy, to Tim Curry, to Kelly Hugh, to George Takei, and just a whole bunch of people. So, it will be really funny.
Alright, that's it for Last Minute Stories.
One last one. I thought this was interesting. Apparently, someone found a glitch in Tiger Woods 08 that would allow Tiger Woods to basically walk on water and hit a ball on top of a lake.
Well, in response to that, EA decided to put out a viral video of Tiger Woods walking on water and hitting a golf ball off the water. Because apparently, he's Jesus.
Okay.
Completely off topic, Rob, for Christmas. I want a Bluetooth LED keyboard.
Good luck with that. And I want a pony.
I need a pony.
Alright, we're going to wrap up the show. It's time for us to get out of here. But not before we get everybody's final thought. Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is PAX.
My final thought is PIE. Dark Sakura.
Alright, thank you guys so much for downloading us and listening to us and supporting independent podcasting. Remember, if you like what you hear, please tell two friends about our show.
And help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio. Or leave us a nice review on iTunes like a couple of people did this week. Thank you to you guys that left nice reviews on iTunes. Or any other podcasting website.
Help spread the word. We don't have any fancy magazines or commercialized things to back us. We do this out of love. Heart.
So we will see you next week at Penny Arcade Expo and back here in the OLR Studios in two weeks. Until then, see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway. See you next week!
