Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Roto.
Tonight, August 10th, 2008, Ozzy Osbourne gets ready to rock Guitar Hero,
Sega admits to sonic errors, and Grand Theft Auto 4 PC is announced to no one's surprise.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game independent podcast on the internet,
dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'm one of the three hosts here on Orange Lounge Radio.
The other co-hosts, with me as always, say hello to the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Jamie Summers?
A little warm.
Yeah, this is a little warm in studio tonight.
Not terrible, thank god, compared to weeks past.
I'm having geek issues.
Geek issues?
Geek drama? What type of geek drama?
Well, no, I'm just trying to figure out, essentially, how to move over my ringtones and stuff from my laptop,
iTunes, to my PC, so that I can start syncing my iPhone from my PC.
Oh, I thought, before the show, you were talking this whole thing about Linux.
I thought your geek issues had to do with Linux, not the phone.
Well, it does. It does, because I've decided that instead of using my PC, putting another drive on my PC,
I'm going to reformat my laptop to Linux Mint.
Nice.
So that I can play with it and not have to worry about the Franken-VIO going, ugh.
Is it minty fresh?
You saw it.
Yeah, it looks, it looks fresh.
It's pretty and useful.
Remember when fresh was a word used to describe cool things?
That's fresh.
Or crescent fresh? Any Ciffol and Ollie fans in the house?
Hey, the one and only tech master, Loki. How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Are you feeling fresh?
I was fresh until this fucking pizza dripped on me.
So now you're not so fresh?
No. See, this is, I think it's the curse for having white shorts.
Ah, it's inevitable.
It's because, it's like, it's a magnet for shit.
Seriously, it's just like, everything's fine.
All of a sudden, like, a rogue drop of something will hit, you know, the shorts and...
That's all downhill for us.
Well, it's a good thing we don't have a webcam.
Oh wait, we do, over at JustinTV slash Orange Lounge Radio.
But the good news is, Loki's pants are obscured by the laptop of his and the, so you can't see anything.
It's too dark in here tonight because we have the lights off for the heat, so...
It's just a drop.
I mean, it's just a drop.
It's like, oh, pizza all over me, I'm so stupid, I can't eat.
We'll also present our always present fourth guest on the show, you, in our chat room,
when you join us live on All Games Radio at AllGames.com,
when we tape Sunday nights right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific.
Although, as of late, Bobby's been running over, eating up our time slot a little bit.
No, we forgive him, because he always has us on at the end of the show anyway.
So, you can always check that out on All Games Radio, live on Sunday nights.
And SSJ100Matt is quoting from Ciffololli, calls, calls, calls, calls from the public, calls.
Anyway, we always love having our chat room on board and the regulars,
and always some new faces, so please feel free to stop by our chat room,
chat.orangelaungeradio.com, while we are taking live calls and during chat hours
when we're taping live on Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific.
All right, let's start off the show as we always do.
How is your gaming week, the types of games you have or haven't been playing this week?
Maybe if you haven't been playing any games, then what you wish you were playing, dark soccer.
I actually really didn't, because I had the most craptastic week ever,
and I had a final, but now that I'm done with school.
I found out, though, that I don't have to report for jury duty,
so I won't be able to play my Game Boy when I'm supposed to be at work.
No Phoenix Wright for reals?
I really wanted to get on a trial. I really wanted to get on a trial.
It is fascinating stuff. Everybody should do it at least once in their life.
I want to be civic-dutied. Anyway, however, I do actually,
I did sit down and start playing Oh And On a little bit more,
and I'm still playing Aurora Faint on my iPhone, which is craptastic.
That game is fun. And Sudoku. And Ragnarok.
Rag to crack.
I noticed that when you were showing me the Linux Mint,
I think you seemed to be very excited, because there was a picture of it
flipping between two windows, both of which had Ragnarok on them.
Part of the deciding factor for me having a Linux boot
is if I can play Ragnarok on line item or not.
So is that so you can run your storefront in one window,
and so you can quest in the other? Is that what it is?
Well, no, because I play on private servers. All I have to do is auto trade.
Oh, I see.
And it'll vend while I am gone.
But no, it's just so that I really want something that runs a lot,
well, it runs a lot more efficiently.
I just need to make sure that my system is going to be okay with it
for me to make the switch.
And right now I have to figure out, because I've tried doing this before,
trying to get my iTunes, my ringtones and contacts and everything
to sync on my newer computer.
And so far iTunes said, ah, fuck it.
So as soon as I get that to work, I can reinstall on my laptop
and see how that goes.
Well, I am considering upgrading the computer here in studio, actually.
I'm going to talk more about next week's plan in just a minute,
but since it's likely we're not going to be here with the show next week,
I'm thinking about taking the time to upgrade the computer here in studio
because I have my eyes on some quad core systems and some fancy stuff.
Well, you can tell it's old because it's that off-white color
because all the computers nowadays are black.
Yeah, they're black now.
Black is the new off-white.
Exactly.
You can.
Anything else?
It also doesn't have a window and excessive lights in it.
Anything else you want to share about your gaming week, DarkSagra?
My annoyments with my husband because he still hasn't got me
to The World Ends With You, and he was supposed to, and he didn't.
Liar.
I have it with me if you wish to play it during the break.
Okay.
There was a whole lot of GTA-ing going on in the house.
But you still won all to yourself.
The World Ends With You for you.
Yes, I do. For me.
For you.
To have.
Comments in chat.
DreadLockLord says, Sky, get an Alienware,
and SGA100Matt says, Alienware is overpriced.
Just build one from scratch.
Exactly.
I'm thinking of doing the scratch thing,
but damn, there are some good deals in those package systems.
It is so tempting.
What?
Newegg.
I'm thinking about it.
It's not.
I am actually, oh, God, I hate to.
I'm gonna get so many nerdy emails from nerds everywhere that say I'm stupid,
but I'm actually, I have my eye on a gateway.
It's really cheap, and it's really good.
I only bought a gateway.
Listen, I know this is radio, but I just got the look of shame, like, twice.
Listen, I have a gateway laptop.
That's because you can't build a laptop from scratch.
And trust me, I looked.
I was going to build one from scratch, even if it's the ugliest piece of shit thing ever.
As long as I built it from scratch.
But no, I got this because it was an open box, and it was just,
Bryce was right at the time, so.
Actually, I have a, one of my friends does a little bit of laptop tweaking
and can build a Mac as long as it has the right hardware in it.
I got my iBook.
That's enough Mac for me, for the house.
I'm actually, as soon as I get money set aside for it,
I'm having him help me with building a Mac from scratch.
What kind of hardware is required?
A heating element for toast?
You know what, I want a Mac because I deal with artsy stuff all the time,
and I need it, so, shut up.
And I'll tell you what, having edited movies on PC and Mac now,
it's so much easier on the Mac.
It is so much easier to edit movies on the Mac.
Anyhow, look.
Not every computer is meant for games, duh.
Back to games for a minute.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was alright.
I didn't play too much.
Had my eye on.
I was trying to catch up with stuff that I meant to play.
This week I did check out Braid because I was like,
hmm, I haven't made a random purchase online yet.
Random!
There you go.
Buy that.
So I bought it.
I think, you know, because the big thing right now is that
$15 isn't worth it.
I think everyone's kind of not really concerned whether this game's worth $15,
but when these games that are $15 start selling,
Microsoft goes, oh, so they'll pay $15.
Okay, we're going to make all of them $15, and now $20.
Oh, they'll pay $20.
We'll make them all $20, and now $25.
It's like the price of gasoline.
I was just saying something about this the other day.
You know how gas prices have been coming down lately,
and it's about, what, $3.90 a gallon locally now?
And everybody's going, hooray, gas is under $4 a gallon, hooray.
And I'm like, that's what they want you to think.
They want you to think you're getting a good deal,
but you've got to remember a year ago it was $2.90,
and even that was high.
So don't buy into that.
Exactly, and that's what's going on with this,
is I think the gamers are trying to tell Microsoft,
hey, listen, we're going to buy this game,
but we don't expect all these games to be $15,
and we're not going to fucking buy all of them.
And all that being said, I think Braid is worth $15.
Absolutely.
I would say it's worth $10, but that's about it.
And the only reason, because it's quick.
I mean, I know you said you had a little bit of problems with it.
Because I'm stupid, and it takes me a long time
to figure out these puzzles.
I'm almost all the way through the game,
and it's only been about two hours,
and it's just, I mean, there's some of the puzzles
later on are a little bit tricky,
but the first few ones I kind of figured out
what they want me to do really quick.
And I kind of look back at this and like,
okay, there's going to be speed runs you can do
throughout the game, but that's really the only replayability.
Quickly though, because I knew nothing about Braid,
absolutely zilch about this game.
I think I might have heard it mentioned
like out of a game developer's conference once or twice,
but about the game itself, I knew nothing about it
except that it was supposedly this really critically acclaimed game
until I got my hands on it this week.
So for those of our listeners who have no Xbox 360,
what is this game all about?
I want to hear the low-key version of this.
It's about this dude who's going around
and being all emo about the fact that he lost somebody
and he's like searching for something.
To be honest, it's like, text, text, text,
I'm walking past it all, you know.
But, yeah, thank God he can bypass the story.
I read it, okay, but I was just like,
okay, my whole thing is there's one of them
that sounds like he had a wife or something
but now he's going after some other chick
and he left her to go find this old flame or princess or whatever,
and I'm thinking, you're just going to realize
that you lost your wife because you're an idiot.
But then at the same time, this guy is some crazy dude
that's got a tie in walking through this world
that's a rip-off of Super Mario Brothers, you know.
But the game is nothing like Super Mario Brothers.
That's the thing, though, I know.
But at the same time, it is, I don't know,
it's got really cool, unique gameplay elements to it.
You know, Portal could take notice of this,
and maybe this would be perfect for, you know, Portal 2.
But, I don't know.
There are some things, though, that I did read
that there's eight hidden stars in the game,
which may unlock some more stuff later,
which would be kind of cool.
But there's just, once you're done with the game,
I don't see it really going, I guess it's like Portal a little bit,
you know, you don't really go back.
But they built the speedrun thing into it,
the speedrun contest, which I thought was kind of interesting.
Like, once you beat it once, you can go through and do the speedruns,
but I'm too stupid to beat it even once.
I mean, this game makes you feel like a dummy.
At least, if you're me.
But there's a certain factor when you're playing through the game, at least.
I don't know about you, but there were certain puzzles
that were frustrating the hell out of me.
Like, I was getting in that whole, like, old school,
like, I'm gonna throw the Nintendo controller at the screen mode.
But when I solved it, I was like,
yes, I'm awesome, I solved the puzzle, you know what I mean?
Like, there was definitely some rewards to it.
I've actually not used any online game facts
or anything like that to get through the game.
I've just been playing it normal and just trying to figure out.
You're smart! You got more pieces than I do.
Well, you know, I'm also trying to be a completist,
so I won't continue on until,
unless that last level, because I got pissed off with it,
so I just ran all the way through it.
Yeah, I just ran all the way through all the levels once,
and then I went back and tried to beat them.
But, you know, I don't know.
It would be cooler if it was longer.
Hopefully they'll have some download stuff later,
because that would be pretty cool for it.
Anyways, enough with Braid.
I also played this week the demo for Battle Fantasia,
which is like this weird medieval anime fighting game type thing.
It was okay. I don't know.
I've heard about that game. What do you think of it?
It's pretty. I mean, it's all 3D and stuff.
But it was alright.
They have two characters you can play as.
One has this chainsaw thing,
and the other guy is this little kid in knight's armor,
and he's fighting and stuff.
It's alright. I'm not really in the fighting game,
so it was just okay for me.
But, you know, it's pretty.
It looks a lot better than I thought it would.
If you're looking for another game to pick up,
other than maybe Soul Calibur IV or something like that,
this you might like.
Check it out.
Then Grand Theft Auto IV.
I also got my 360 back from Microsoft being repaired.
It was actually really quick, which I was surprised.
So that went pretty well.
I kept the old box just in case another one dies,
so for a track record it's been like 5 out of 6,
or 7 if you include the new one I bought.
So, yeah, that's about it.
I'm definitely looking forward to this week for Bionaut Commando.
Oh, is that this week?
That's this week.
Oh, that should be fun.
Xbox did a good thing with this whole Xbox Live Arcade for August,
because between Geometry Wars 2 last week,
which I'm still playing,
and Braid this week, I'm busy.
I've barely been touching Soul Calibur.
I think the only time I played Soul Calibur at all this week
was when one of the listeners wanted to do some fighting,
which I did.
Yeah, I didn't get to play a lot this week,
because I was actually...
I'm sorry, I felt bad,
because another listener wanted to battle me,
and I was too into Braid.
I just ignored all the messages that were popping up,
and I'm like, oh, I should go look at them.
Oh, the poor guy wants to play Soul Calibur,
and here I am all sucked into Braid.
I don't know, this week I didn't get to play a lot,
because I was doing some video editing
for something I'm making for work,
and I also didn't get to work on the PSP website at all,
but it's coming along, I promise.
I'm just working on a bunch of small stuff, unfortunately,
and then maybe I'll try to finish the bigger stuff first.
I don't know.
That's it.
I've been looking a lot at Singets Row 2, though.
I mean, the more stuff I see for it, the cooler it looks,
and I'm really excited to play that game.
All right.
My Gaming Week, as I already mentioned,
Braid, I think Braid is absolutely worth it.
I'm sure $15 is fine.
I want to refrain from trying to use the Penny Arcade argument
that they posted earlier this week about the whole,
well, you'll spend $15 on a shirt,
so why not spend $15 on a game?
I'm taking a different approach,
and if you were listening to Bobby's show a minute ago,
I'm going to use the same thing,
so I apologize to our listeners live who were hearing it twice,
but, you know, I went and saw The Dark Knight,
and I paid $10 to see The Dark Knight,
because movie prices are insane right now,
and that's not even counting the price of an IC
and candy and all that shit,
so I paid $10 to see The Dark Knight,
which entertained me for two and a half hours,
and Braid's already entertained me that long,
you know, just through the little bit I've played of it.
I know people that have gone to see The Dark Knight three times,
meaning they've paid $30 to see the same two and a half hours.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not bashing The Dark Knight, great movie,
but why is it okay to spend $30 there,
but yet $15 feels like such a ripoff?
Because it's apples and oranges.
I get what you're saying.
I completely understand what you're saying about the whole,
you don't want to set a precedent for Microsoft,
because especially the fact that, okay,
then there's games like Fusion Frenzy 2 that cost, what, $50,
that entertained me for 30 seconds,
the amount of time for the logo to get on and off the screen.
It's a retarded argument.
I understand what Penny Arcade was trying to say,
but it's fucking a retarded argument.
Oh, snap, all right.
Oh, well, let's go to Disneyland,
because you can spend a day there that's, you know,
about eight hours, and you spend $100,
so let's charge $100 for every fucking online game,
because it's, you know, over eight hours of entertainment.
That's retarded.
However, however, however,
I can absolutely disprove that there's any validity to that argument,
because going to Disneyland is like paying for 30 MMOs.
Yeah, and going to Disneyland has Space Mountain.
End of story.
End of argument.
And California Screamin'.
All right, fine, you pay $50 for, you know, console games.
Why can't you pay $50 for this online game?
I know it's only, you know, six hours long or eight hours long,
but some console games, because they suck,
are only eight hours long as well.
And some, and to be honest,
this may actually have a little bit more polish
than some of the stuff that ends up on the Wii.
For real.
That's what I'm saying.
That's why I'm like, $15 is not a bad price,
but I do agree, we don't want to set a precedent,
but I think those games that are $15 that are crap
are not going to sell.
Like, look at some of the, like that Sudoku game,
and the, no, no, the Crosswords game.
Wasn't that like 10 bucks?
Has anybody, a quick, quick poll in chat, folks,
chat.ownerslonsradio.com,
did anyone drop 10 bucks on that Crossword game?
That's what I want to know.
Did you really need the achievement points that bad?
Don't be shy.
This is a real needy survey,
because I want to know if anyone dropped $10 on that game.
Now, because it wasn't worth it,
and it sends a message.
And I do give them props for having demos for this stuff,
which is nice.
That's what they really need to do,
because there's some companies, Nintendo,
that don't put demos for their games up there,
and so you buy it, and you're like,
wow, this sucks.
Can I get my money back?
No?
Oh, well, fuck you.
I'm not buying anymore.
I don't know, it's just,
unfortunately, there's nothing we can do about it,
because games like this are going to sell well,
and they're going to say,
hey, people are going to be willing to pay this kind of money,
so let's raise the price.
Oh, well, we'll just use the excuse that my game's,
you know, small, and I'm an independent publisher,
and if you don't buy my game at $15,
I don't make any money.
Or, you know, oh, you know,
development costs are going up more,
and oh, we need more money for this stuff.
Dude, I mean, development costs for a game,
no offense, the art style's awesome,
the engine's pretty cool, you know,
I'm sure that took some time,
but seriously, there's like,
they're goombas, okay?
They're piranha plants.
There's so much more to it than that.
All right, look, we're just going to have to disagree.
That happens sometimes when you have three people on a show.
I say it's worth it, and go spend the money right now.
Nintendo will sue.
I think it's...
Nintendo has nothing to sue over.
The game is, it's an homage to Mario Brothers and Donkey Kong
and other games.
What if, in fact, did you notice
that the Donkey Kong level was called Jumpman,
which is Mario's name in Donkey Kong?
Yeah.
There are these subtle little...
What about stories, right?
All right, sorry, look.
We have to have an argument.
I'm telling you, Dark Soccer,
you really need to check out Braid.
You really do.
I planned on it, and actually...
We need a third opinion.
I added Major Nelson to my Twitter,
and so he put up a download code up for it.
Did you get it?
No, I didn't. I was at work.
Oh, then somebody else did cry.
But I'm just saying, you know,
if anyone wants to check out some of these games,
you know, for free as they come up,
he's doing crap like this all the time on Twitter.
Just pray you're first.
Seriously.
All right, results of our quick poll in chat.
Did anyone buy the crosswords game?
No, no, nope, what, hell no, no, no.
I didn't even know there was a crossword game.
Flash games, anyone?
Nope, hell no, no, and so on.
So I didn't see anyone say yes.
Oh, just kind of throwing that out there.
All right, the rest of my gaming week,
Geometry Wars 2, WoW, Soul Calibur,
pretty much nothing else new besides Braid.
But that's okay,
because Braid was a worthwhile expenditure this week.
Okay, that's it for my gaming week.
Let's get into tonight's housekeeping.
My Vegas trip I talked about last week got canceled
due to personal reasons, nothing bad.
It's just, didn't end up being able to do it.
So, but we're still,
because some of us kind of banked on there
not being a show next week,
we may still not be here,
just especially because like a week or two before PAX,
we might just kind of take the week off anyway.
Stay tuned to orangelaunchradio.com for the details.
We'll keep you guys posted
if we end up doing anything pre-taped,
which looks likely or not,
but we probably will not be live next week,
but you never know,
just stay tuned to orangelaunchradio.com.
That's pretty much that as far as the show goes.
I do want to say, though,
I thought it was very cool,
even though I am not going to end up
getting to go to Vegas,
and I'm going to miss the Star Trek experience,
I did have a listener email me,
and I'm sorry, I don't have my email open,
so I forgot your name,
but he mentioned that he and his,
and I forget if it was girlfriend or wife,
I think he said wife,
or future wife or something,
said that because I mentioned it on the show,
they bumped up their trip.
They didn't realize the Star Trek experience
was closing and got to go,
so I just thought that was awesome.
That made me feel really warm and fuzzy
about the power of this show
to help out nerds everywhere.
Live long and prosper, my friend.
Have fun, you guys.
The other housekeeping thing I wanted to say,
iTunes reviews.
Please be so kind to leave us
a five-star review on iTunes.
Just search for Orange Launch Radio.
Leave us a nice review.
I'll be posting the link in chat shortly
if you guys would be so kind to post some reviews.
We would heart that very muchly.
It helps, because the more positive reviews,
it helps the ranking.
The higher the ranking,
the more likely people are to find us,
and nothing against the shows that are all top-rated,
but 80% of them are commercial,
like G4, 1UP, GameSpot-style casts
that don't need that attention.
They have TV stations and websites and magazines
that back them.
They don't need it.
You know what's also sick?
What?
Some of those websites, like IGN,
run like eight podcasts.
Dude.
And they're all in the top 20.
I know.
Seriously.
I know.
They need eight podcasts.
All right.
Anyhow.
To answer Quel Tipo,
what we endorse is free thought.
What did Quel Tipo say?
Waterboarding.
What the hell is that?
I have no idea,
but I'm just saying we endorse thinking for yourself.
Waterboarding is where you pour water over someone's face
when you're interrogating them,
and it gives them the sensation of drowning,
and apparently is some big controversy
going on in the government,
because they do that, too.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I do remember reading a politically oriented story on that now.
However, what we endorse is thinking for yourself
and acting responsibly within the confines
of your own concept of morality.
Does that work?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Do that.
All right.
Let's move on.
Ice Cream Man.
Give me...
Hold on.
We have to pause the show.
We hear an ice cream truck.
All right.
Loki.
Ice Cream Man does not have that kind of base.
I'm sorry.
It's the gangsta.
Ice Cream Man.
Although if I had an ice cream truck, you know...
Loki, gaming news.
Let's get to it.
If you are an attractive person looking for a cool game,
well, you'll be happy to know that tomorrow,
or Monday, August 11th,
the first episode of Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People,
Homestar Ruiner, will be coming out,
and that'll be available on WiiWare and PC,
and that's exciting.
Yeah.
That is very exciting.
Sorry.
Comment and chat.
Kadosho says, yay, ice cream truck.
It has 150 hit points.
Suma says, so in other words,
OLR supports torture?
No.
We just support people thinking for themselves
and doing whatever they feel is morally and ethically correct.
Well, some of these past episodes that we've done, well...
Anyhow, Strong Bad.
You excited about the Strong Bad game?
No.
I never was one into, you know, Homestar Ruiner.
All right, then screw you.
Dark Soccer, I know you like Homestar Ruiner.
You gonna check out the game?
Hell yeah.
I'm a cool and attractive person.
Are you gonna download it on PC, Rob?
Since obviously you're...
Yes, I will check it out on PC since I'm having issues.
I'm gonna get a WiiWare.
Which is a bummer because somebody I know is...
I don't know how much I should say,
but I should be getting the Wii one,
but I'm not.
I'm gonna get the PC one.
I'm still supporting it one way or the other,
and I get to revisit.
Here's the thing.
I haven't even watched Homestar Ruiner in like two years,
so it's kind of one of those,
oh, it's revisiting an old friend.
So that's my plan.
I demand an Ask A Ninja game.
You'll never...
We'll see. We'll see.
Someday.
Alright.
So there it is.
Check that out next week.
Meanwhile, or Monday even.
You don't even have to wait a week.
Meanwhile, also on the Wii,
Rock Band 2, and apparently they are saying that
Rock Band 2 is not gonna hold back on any of the features
that you know from the other Rock Band games,
meaning like download content.
Hello, that's something the first Rock Band was sorely missing.
They had to put the bonus songs on the disc
and call it like a bonus exclusive.
Apparently, you're gonna be able to download songs,
do the whole online thing,
make your own rocker, drummer, whatever.
Apparently, this is coming from Wired magazine.
Wired is saying that the Wii version of Rock Band 2
is going to be, and this is right out of Harmonix's mouth,
fully featured DLC online play.
It's going to be a much more competitive product.
Do they know something we don't?
I know, exactly.
I'm kind of curious to see what magic little thing
is gonna be implemented between now and whenever
this game comes out.
November?
So, very interesting.
But good news for Wii owners,
especially those that want to have Rock Band,
if you didn't pony up the money for an Xbox or PlayStation 3
and this is all you got in your house,
you won't experience Rock Band,
I'm glad to hear, finally, you won't be getting held back.
No, this is not, wasn't in our show role,
but I was gonna mention it anyways,
because there was supposedly the information that
Rock Band 2's release dates got leaked, apparently.
I think we are talking about that in part B tonight.
Oh, we are?
You are, actually.
I am, yes.
I didn't see it on there.
So stay tuned.
Oh.
It's there.
Nevermind.
We'll talk about it later on.
I'm jumping ahead.
See, we have to tease them with something for later.
So, we'll just have to go, we'll have to go back in time
for now, right, Darksyra?
Well, you ready to do the time warp?
Because we've been time warping all over this story.
It's just a jump to the left.
What was it?
Remember what we saw at Margaret Cho,
talking about her mother going to see Rocky?
Games!
Darksyra Games.
Alright, well, Mega Man 9, as we know,
is going to be nest-tastic.
However, you've got an option to make it even more nest-tastic.
You can make it flicker.
That's right.
You can make it flicker as a built-in bug in the game
if you so choose to activate it.
So, for anyone who is so young that they don't know what flicker is,
this is a good way to discover what we grew up with.
This is awesome, too, because, like, you know,
companies like EA and Ubisoft and stuff like that
tend to release games that have a few glitches.
Oh, don't worry.
It was intentional for your save to get deleted.
It's retro.
You like retro.
Well, in this case, you can select if you want it on or off.
But it's also saying that there's going to be other types of glitches
that you would commonly find.
Because, you know, I found the glitch in Mega Man 3 by myself
where you can kill yourself, you jump down a hole,
and then you hold the left and right buttons
so that you do the super jump and you lose all of your life
and you can't shoot anything, but you can still use your weapons
because you're invincible.
Because you're dead.
You're undead Mega Man.
I have to say this from chat because this kind of goes along with the story.
ActDef says Mega Man 9 will have flickers and bugs.
Yay for Ness.
Why is this exciting news that we're going to have bugs in the game?
Well, granted, they're optional, but why is this exciting?
It's something that you can pick.
Because the whole purpose of the game is to have the experience
of playing one of the old 8-bit versions of a Mega Man game,
which technically that's what it is.
You can have it the way the other ones were.
You can have it the way the other ones were if you want to.
Why complain about something that you can turn on or off?
That earns you the STFU award.
Thank you very much. Drive-thru, please.
It's not really so much that, but the fact that it's like,
OMG news, you know what I mean?
I think it is newsworthy.
It's interesting. I'll give it that.
I think that it's basically everyone's excited about the attention to details like that.
I could see that. I could give it that.
I still say?
Fine.
That's what I say.
So noted.
Well, put that on the OLR Wiki, please.
The Dark Soccer's official statement on this episode is...
Well, one series that's been known for a few glitches, at least.
In fact, a glitch-themed musical number that was released on the Internet.
Saints Row.
Well, Saints Row 2 will not be coming to the Wii,
which is not surprising.
Basically, the concerns are over controversy that a game like that may cause,
and also the fact that the graphics on the Wii aren't exactly what they are on the Xbox 360.
They basically are worried that because if you had Wii controls for, like,
chainsaws and satchel charges and stuff like that in the game,
that you may risk running into an adults-only rating,
kind of like Manhunt 2 did.
But, I think that's stupid that they think that scene is,
there's been games out there that have had similar things already,
and been released mature,
and have done pretty well, like Scarface, or The Godfather,
or, I don't know, No More Heroes, or Mad World that's coming out.
So, I guess we'll just leave it to graphics.
I was gonna say, isn't this game just, I mean, controversy aside,
isn't this game just kind of too much graphically for the Wii?
Yeah.
That's it then, right? Why play the controversy card?
Wouldn't people just accept the fact that the Wii can't handle it, period?
I guess, and you know what, what they need to do is have,
it's gonna take people releasing a big name game,
like, another Grand Theft Auto that's on the Wii,
before companies decide, hey, the Wii's viable for that kind of game,
because right now, even though there has been some mature games on there,
and they're starting to get a little bit more adult content,
it's still perceived as a kid's system, just like the GameCube was,
and they're really having trouble getting past that stigmata,
and Nintendo isn't helping.
They're definitely not helping with Wii music and shit like that,
but it's just, it's really gonna take a big game like Grand Theft Auto coming out on it,
before people go, hey, we can release our game on there,
and actually make it for the Wii only.
Alright, fair enough. Well, look, one thing that is certainly exclusive to the Wii
that we haven't seen on other systems yet is waggling and motion,
and motion's about to get even better when Wii Sports Resort comes out,
and the Motion Plus accessory comes out.
Now, the Motion Plus was developed by a company called InvenSense,
that actually made this accessory.
Well, news came out this week that this Motion Plus technology,
there is no exclusive deal with Nintendo,
meaning that if InvenSense wanted to, they could take this technology to other companies.
Are you listening, Sony or Microsoft?
Now, you know, this instantly makes fanboys think about, you know,
and actually, let me read this official quote that came from it.
This came from company head Joe Virginia.
Now, I can't get into details about other folks that are interested in this technology,
but as you might imagine, of course, there's more interest out there.
So, you know, rumors have been abounding for a long time
that Microsoft was gonna get into the whole motion game,
although they didn't at E3, which was the expected time.
Personally, I don't see the other consoles getting into this whole motion thing and the Motion Plus.
You know where I bet this accessory ends up turning up?
Again, PC.
I bet you we see some type of small scale release of this accessory on a PC.
Here's my thing, is like, if you're Nintendo,
and you're concerned about having, you know, all your proprietary stuff,
why do you put out this peripheral that's supposed to make things better,
and supposed to make things extremely lifelike, or very sensitive to your movements,
and then you don't make it exclusive to yourself?
That's kind of retarded.
It's like, I made this really awesome invention!
That'll make our game system awesome, and no one else can have it!
Oh wait, no they can.
Now, Game Guru in chat has a comment that's kind of along those lines.
He says, but Nintendo owns the patent on the pointer,
and that's the big plus for the Wii.
Is that, you know, and granted, if this Motion Plus technology were to be adapted by the other companies,
they wouldn't be able to do it in that same style that the Wii does.
Yeah, I don't know.
Really, I mean, I think this is going to be like Rock Band and Guitar Hero.
Maybe PlayStation will adopt this technology and they'll have 12-axis!
They'll just, what they'll do is they'll make something that will work exactly the same.
It'll be just different enough so that they can't get sued.
That's it.
Alright, well we'll see what happens.
Maybe next year's E3. Who knows? Who knows?
So, let's move on.
DMN and I are having a fight to the death in the chat room.
What, why? Over what?
Over Rondo of Blood.
We're going to have a fight at PAX.
Awesome.
But I said that I would win, because girls play dirty.
Which, by the way, all three of us are going to be at PAX in like three weeks from today.
We are going to be flying home, but we will have just spent the weekend at PAX.
He can't use the Elec Beam Pause trick on me because the Blaster Master Grenade trick is stronger.
Gaming news?
I counter with my Konami code.
They're going to LARP to the death.
LARP to the death? Dude, that would be an awesome band name.
Hey Rob.
What? Let's make a band in Rock Band and call it LARP to the death.
Alright, sorry, gaming news.
Dragon Quest IV. It gets a date in Europe.
Which, okay, I'm wondering where the number thing is, because we've got, what, six over here.
But they've already had six in Japan, and they're up to, what, eight now?
And whatever the hell.
Nine on DS soon.
I know! And this is the DS one they're talking about.
Dragon Quest, the Chapters of the Chosen, which is in the trilogy of The Hand of the Heavenly Bride and the Realms of Reverie coming next.
So it's supposed to be released in, okay, here's what it is.
Dragon Quest IV was released on the NES in February 1990, and it was Dragon Warrior IV over here.
So this is a DS remake is what they're getting.
And they said that they're supposed to get it on September 12th over in Europe.
So, hey, cool.
And you get that, you know, fantastic Toriyama artwork.
So, go for it.
Cool.
The end. Oh, not just the end. There's more.
But wait.
Even more. More money, more prizes. I love it. Anyway.
Someone gets a dollar if they guess what game that's from.
Smash TV. Where's my dollar?
I've gave you a dollar before.
You get a retro dollar, so I've already given it to you.
What can I buy with a retro dollar?
iTunes Long.
Woo!
You can buy flashing graphics in-
Oh, yeah, I can buy flashing retro graphics.
Remember things the way they used to be.
Chrono Trigger!
Ooh, yes.
See, that gets Rob's attention.
There has been a kind of date given for Chrono Trigger in Europe.
This is for the DS version.
They're supposed to get it early 2009, so it's going to be after the US holiday launch.
So we're getting it, of course, for the Christmas slash Kwanzaa slash whatever.
For Kwanzaa.
Yeah.
Now, correct me if I'm wrong, Europe never got Chrono Trigger the first time.
So this is big for them.
I think the PlayStation 1 came out.
Really?
I think so.
I thought the Super Nintendo 1 never did, though.
I think you're right.
I could be wrong.
I thought the Europe date disappeared.
Oh, that was for... No, I think that's something else.
What was it? What else was I going to say? Was there more? I'm sorry.
Yes.
Oh, go ahead.
Rob. Heart.
What?
Anyway.
But really, the DS version, the things it's going to have is a touchscreen control.
You can use both the dual screens, a new dungeon, wireless play of some unnamed variety.
And it's actually pretty cool.
And there's also, just if anyone is curious, there is a gallery up on Eurogamer that has screenshots.
So I'll link that in the chat room if anyone wants to check it out.
All right, chat.orangesongerator.com if you want to join our chat room.
I thought I knew what it was I wanted to ask you about.
Because we were talking about old video games and collecting and all that stuff.
42.
Okay, sure.
Here's the thing.
I went to a local record store the other day that was having a big video game sale, used video game sale.
I found Zelda 2, The Adventures of Link, in a gold cartridge for $5.
Is that a good deal?
Yeah, I'd say so.
I should have picked that up.
Because I was looking at it going, wasn't that the first Zelda they remade in the gray carts?
So the gold carts are really valuable?
Or am I crazy?
Valuable, but they're neat.
Especially if you've got the box.
It would be worth $5 just to have the old school cart.
We can put it up on the wall in the big blank spot we have on Justin TV.
I'm pointing at the blank spot.
The thing to watch out for those is the battery.
Well, I wouldn't play the game.
I don't have an old school Nintendo to play it on.
Well, I told you I was going to lend you one if I can find one.
Can't you replace the battery?
You can replace the battery, if I'm right.
I think it just uses a standard small lithium battery.
We replace the batteries in our Saturn all the time.
And I mean all the damn time.
Alright, fair enough.
Well, alright, let's move on.
Sorry to derail the current gaming news, but I just had to know, good deals or not?
We're doing a public service.
Good deal, bad deal.
Good deal, bad deal.
Your batteries can be saved.
The store was advertising a huge video game blowout, like it was like five games for $13.
Okay.
The one that used to be a tower.
They were advertising a big sale on used games, like five games for $13.
I was like, well, I need to go in and see what it is.
Okay, guess what all the games were that were $5 for $13?
Sports games.
All outdated sports games, like NHL, 06.
All the games where all the servers got shut down.
They can't get rid of them.
I went in looking for, what I was looking for in there?
Old NES games.
They had some in there.
Well, yeah.
That's where I saw Zelda.
Well, originally, before I bought you Blastworks, my intention was to go there and find an original copy of The Guardian Legend,
which obviously wouldn't be there because it's too valuable, but, you know.
The one time I found a cartridge of The Guardian Legend was at that random store that Rama and company took me to in New York City,
the one time I went to visit.
But I will tell you what I did find that was freaking awesome that I found at the sale,
because not only were they selling video games, but they were selling music,
and I found for $2 Paula Abdul Spellbound.
Oh, God.
That was the one with Rush Rush on it, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
I like that song.
It also had such awesome songs as The Promise of a New Day,
which I was trying to play a clip of here on air, but my computer's freezing up on me, which probably...
No, it has a taste screen.
Oh, there we go.
It has a taste screen.
$2 for this.
Diet Coke, yo.
Alright, please.
Promise of a New Game, Loki?
Please stop that.
There is a pretty cool hack that got released this week on the Wii,
and it will allow you to actually play region-free Wii games with no mod chips whatsoever.
What this will require, though, is that you have the homebrew channel installed,
and when you install this, it will do some other things as well.
You can play region-free GameCube games, region-free Wii games.
You can have region-free channels.
You can also remove the main menu background music.
You can go to the Wii's rescue menu that they use for diagnostics.
I guess the diagnostic discs.
And you can also remove the health warning screen that pops up in the beginning when you turn the Wii on.
Well, thank God, because that thing annoys me more than anything.
I believe you have to have Wii system version 3.2, I want to say.
Unfortunately, if you have it all the way updated now, you can't use this.
I'm sorry, I can't stop laughing at the fact that somebody actually sat there and said,
you know what I'm going to do to my Wii?
You know what project I'm going to take on?
I'm going to get rid of that health warning screen, because dammit, that thing's annoying.
Meanwhile, people are starving in other countries, and war breaks out.
But you got rid of the health warning.
Yes, it is. The process to patch it is safe, so you won't brick your console.
The only thing that will happen is if you update your console again, it will erase all these updates that you've just made to it.
So, that's the only problem.
But they are working on ways to prevent that, and like I said, I think it's only compatible right now with version 3.2 firmware.
Act deaf to saying in chat that patch is only for Europe, Loki, with patch in quotes.
Does anyone really need to remove the health warning screen that bad?
I mean, really? Really? Is it that intrusive? Maybe you should be reading it.
Anything else in the Wii hacking world going on that we should be aware of?
No, that would be it.
Well, anyhow, maybe if we hacked some of the more recent Sonic games, we could actually make them good.
But some of the more recent Sonic... I'm not talking about classic Sonic. That was always good.
I'm talking about the more recent Sonic games, and this is kind of amazing.
And yes, it's newsworthy.
There was an interview this week that Sega's Vice President of Marketing, Sean Ratcliffe, did with Game Daily.
And what apparently Game Daily, in this interview, he says that he kind of admits in a way that Sonic has not been quite as good as it could have been.
I mean, he didn't come out and say, Sonic sucks.
But there was this interesting quote.
Some of that criticism is probably warranted.
We definitely recognize that a franchise that has been going as long as Sonic, you have to put a huge amount of effort in to make sure that you maintain that quality.
Which is why you're seeing us this year take the first steps in making sure the quality is right.
And we're constantly looking at innovation, blending classic 2D gameplay with 3D, beautiful, landscape-rich environments.
So, and then continues on.
For fans of Sonic that has been looking for the next-gen experience, this is the game they've been waiting for.
So, I guess all those other games were just like... I like the way he does that with words.
Kind of sweeps the other games under the table.
Oh, no, no, this. This is the game you've been waiting for right here.
This is the good stuff.
Awesome.
Mean it. That's all I say. And mean it. Because you only got so many chances left before people just, you know, aren't buying this anymore.
But then again, I don't know. You could make 20 crappy Sonic games and if one comes out and it's really good, word will get around. People will buy it.
It's just about time they say, yeah, we fucked up.
I was going to ask you, as a Sonic fangirl, and general Sega fangirl in general, look at your classic games of the week.
The last Sonic game that they did right was the first Sonic Adventure, I thought. And that, and I did like, what was the racing game that they had on PSP? Sonic Rush, wasn't it?
I think so.
That one was pretty fun, too. But any of the other 3D offerings that they've given, I really didn't find all that exciting.
And that one that we played at E3 a couple years ago, the control was absolute shit. So, what the hell, right?
Right.
Startetsuya says, I concur.
They made me cry. They made my soul hurt. They made my soul hurt almost as much as seeing stuff from my childhood used to sell cars.
And here's the comment you always see anytime Sega gets brought up by SSJ100. Matt in our chatroom, chat.orangelaunchradio.com. Dear Sega, Shenmue 3.
I wish they would. Now, I liked the Shenmue series. So, whatever.
Shenmue's one of those things that was hokey when it came out, but it aged like a fine wine.
It was great. And C-Man.
Let's play Lucky Hit.
Well, how about something else?
How about something else?
EA. I know people like to groan and everything, but here's something new to groan about.
EA is going to be doing a series of games for PC and DS that is going to be off of the Four Dummies series of books.
You can actually, for now, download Poker for Dummies on PC off the Pogo download area.
Well, in theory, you're supposed to be able to. That means if it's up there.
But there's also going to be Texas Hold'em, Omaha Seven Car Stud.
And then there's going to be Solitaire for Dummies, Brain Training for Dummies.
That's in October. The Solitaire one's in September. Sudoku for Dummies in November.
And a whole bunch more.
How about Braid for Dummies? That's what I need.
Well, you know what?
I'm serious.
How about... I want games for smart people.
I want, like, Mensa Solitaire.
Then you need to go play those, like, cruel games.
Like, I Want to Be the Guy or La Mulana or those types of games that are cruel and unusual.
No, I mean, like, poker and puzzle and stuff games.
I want games... I want Mensa Solitaire.
Fair enough, but here's the problem I have with this whole thing.
Although it's cute that they have the licensing for dummies,
look at the games they're putting out. Sudoku, Solitaire, Texas Hold'em.
I mean, we've got, like, 50,000 versions of those games across all the consoles already.
What's going to make these so special besides the Four Dummies tagline and the little cartoon guy pointing?
The fact that people are admitting to it. That's pretty funny.
I guess.
But, you know, that makes me think that the Strong Bad game might actually be sort of a parody in the title of that, too.
Instead of, you know, For Dummies, you have For Attractive People.
Game Guru suggests Sonic For Dummies. Frisbee says Dummies For Dummies.
That would be the last few ones.
I even... they have For Dummies everything now, so...
Yeah, I know.
They have Childbirth For Dummies.
They have Podcasting For Dummies, a book I was reading last week.
Guess what? We didn't need that book.
Well, we're living examples of the fact that any dummy can podcast. For real.
I thought it took a special kind of dummy.
It does.
It takes a special sort of self-depreciating dummy to do it every week.
No, it takes a special kind of dummy, or dare I say it, idiot, to do it for over six years.
And who's coming up on 300?
Practically every Sunday straight. I mean, granted, we miss some here and there, but, you know...
I don't know. I thought we were a little crooked.
We're all a little bent here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, how about release dates for dummies?
Yes. Well, this week... I hope you like Madden, because that's coming out on everything.
Including, God knows why, the original Xbox.
Because, you know, that's a viable platform these days.
Anyways, so other things coming out other than Madden.
I guess this is still kind of Madden-related. You get the Madden PSP bundle coming out this week.
There is also some crappy PC games, Sinking Island, and Dracula III Path of the Dragon.
What exactly happens in Sinking Island?
Well...
The island sinks!
Oh my God, spoiler alert!
And then the ship crashes into an iceberg.
I'm glad Jack dies. Oh my God.
I'm glad you asked.
Sinking Island is about Walter Jones, a billionaire who was found dead at the bottom of a huge art deco tower that he had built as a magnificent getaway on a tropical island.
There are ten suspects who all have a motive for Mr. Jones' untimely death, as Inspector Jack Norm, you have three days before the island disappears and sinks into the ocean to find the truth behind this mysterious death and catch the killer.
I want this game.
It sounds like Clue mixed with the island of Dr. Moreau.
Mixed with Bioshock, because it's a tower in the middle of the ocean.
You know what? Sometimes these little shitty sounding games are real gems, so you know what? I hope you're wrong. I hope this game is amazing.
And I hope the island does sink and you're on it.
If that's not amazing enough for you, then maybe the Cheetah Girls Passport to Stardom on the DS would be your type of game.
Best week ever!
Awesome. Well, here's actually a game that might not be so bad. Space Siege is coming out on the PC.
Wait, Space Age?
Space Siege, like Dungeon Siege.
I was thinking Space Ace in my book for some reason.
Hopefully there will not be a movie being made for this.
Also this week, Imagine Teacher.
For you to teach your Imagine Babies. I don't know.
Yes, Imagine Teacher.
Imagine Teacher. I am a teacher, kind of. I teach adults. That's my day job.
This game you actually have to create lesson plans and stuff like that.
Wow. I'm kind of curious about this game.
Silent Hunter 4, the Gold Edition, is coming out on PC as well.
Ford Racing Off-Road, also for the PC.
And... Oh, did I forget to mention?
Madden the 20th Anniversary Collector's Edition.
So that's a whole bunch of Madden and a whole bunch of stuff.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see it on the list, but I think Line Rider 2 is supposed to be coming out this week.
Although, judging that I don't see it on this list anymore, it might have been delayed.
And if you want to check out Madden, but you don't feel like shelling out that kind of money,
you could probably find Madden 05 or Madden 04 for about 2 bucks this week at certain closeout sales.
Yeah, we've got like 900 copies of Madden 05.
Nice.
We'll sell them cheap.
Can you melt them down in a landfill or something like that?
I've told them to throw them away.
Well, let's travel over to Japan and Asia in general. Sometimes we cover the Asian release dates as well.
Madden NFL 09 will come out in Asia as well the same day it comes out here in the US.
Meanwhile, Tales of Vesperia, the Japanese version, also makes its way to other Asian regions this week.
Otherwise, in Japan itself, nothing on the Xbox 360 this week.
How about on the PlayStation 3?
Same story. There's really nothing new.
You're going to have to wait until the 21st when Vampire Rain comes out for something new.
Moving on to the Wii.
Nothing there either.
It's a very slow week in Japan.
I guess just not a lot of demand.
Do you think they're all importing Madden or what the hell's going on?
I don't know.
Olympics?
Well, I guess I could be.
On the PlayStation 2, Akane Iro ni Somaru Saka Para Iro is coming out in regular and limited edition.
That is one new release you're getting this week.
It's an adventure game that stars cute anime girls and cute anime cutscenes.
Your favorite. It looks like one of the girls is a radio DJ.
Perhaps she's a podcaster.
Perhaps.
This could be Dark Sakura if she had blonde hair and a disproportionate size boobies and one eye strangely larger than the other.
Sometimes I wish you sat on cam because that was really funny.
Hell no.
That was really funny.
I've had blonde hair before.
Really?
It sucks.
Really? I'd like to see that.
You've seen me with blonde bangs.
I have seen you with blonde bangs.
I did not look good at all.
Wow. Alright. Fair enough.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS, a game called...
I'm sorry. It's not a game. It's an accessory.
Accessories for your DS to make it look like Stitch from Leo and Stitch or Jack Skellington.
That looks kind of cool.
Or Pooh from Winnie the Pooh.
You can check those out.
Otherwise, on the DS, there's no games coming out this week.
You can make it look like Pooh.
That's a really slow week.
On the PSP, Crazy Taxi Double Punch, which I thought we talked about last week.
It must have gotten delayed.
Also, Memories of Sorikata is coming out on the PSP from Cyberfront.
And it looks to be another game starring Anime Girls.
Ah, yes. I found Line Rider 2.
Delayed to September. Not surprised.
Nope.
So, a slow week in Japan as well. Sorry to say.
How about the UK, Dark Soccer? Same story over there or what?
There's a few things. Not really many, I guess.
We have Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People, Episode 1.
Homestar Ruiner on PC and Wii.
Fabled 2 Pub Games on Xbox 360.
Ferrari Challenge on Wii.
Madden NFL 2009 on Xbox 360 and Wii.
Puzzler Collection on Wii.
And Table Football on Wii.
Well, that's a Wii-tastic week.
Madden.
All I've been hearing about that is Madden since my husband has to work the launch.
Plus, and Loki made a good point earlier.
This isn't a good week to release games with the Olympics going on.
And that is something that affects the world, in a way.
Because there are lots and lots of people watching the Olympics.
I don't even really watch sports, usually, on TV.
But I'll watch diving.
You know my calendar? I have the Freakonomics calendar.
It actually stated why they wanted it specifically to be August 8, 2008.
To have the Olympics open is because 8 is a lucky number in China.
Exactly. Apparently there was a huge amount of couples that got married on 8-8-0-8.
Because of the significance of the lucky number.
But I just wanted to say, isn't it interesting how there's two sports that everybody seems to tune into?
Depending on what your preferences are. There's men's diving, and there's women's volleyball.
You know what I actually always enjoy watching?
I actually like the gymnastics.
Gymnastics is fun to watch.
For both.
Just for whatever.
And that and women's swimming.
Women's volleyball still got the same outfits they had four years ago?
I don't know. Those women are kind of like, you know, female gym teachers anyways.
And no thanks.
Not really.
Also, though, I actually have to crack up.
Because I want to see if anyone makes the same mistake that the target shoot guy did last year.
And to hit the target beyond his target?
That's pretty awesome. However, he did not hit his target.
Is Geena Davis going to be doing archery this year? That's what I want to know.
Because, you know, Thelma is an archer.
Forget it.
I was going to say, my favorite events are the ninjutsu events.
The what?
The ninjutsu events.
They have ninja events?
I like fencing.
You never see them?
No. Shut up.
He likes curling.
Gaming, nudes.
Dude, curling is awesome. That's the best part of deca sports.
Alright, that's the best part of the summer event.
Shut up.
Gaming, nudes.
Fable 2.
They've made the announcement that's coming out October 21st in the US.
October 24th in Europe.
And, of course, along with that, they are going to be getting the Fable 2 collector's edition.
Which includes some, I guess they're like tarot cards.
A bonus DVD with some behind the scenes stuff.
Also a little figurine.
And if you pre-order your games now, as Jamie mentioned, the Xbox Live Arcade pub games will be available starting August 13th.
One other cool thing, though, that you get with the limited edition is Master Chief.
Created in Fable 2.
As opposed to Master Chef.
Using the character creator.
Interesting.
I suppose.
That's pretty cool.
Although, he looked a little weird. I mean, it's kind of like taking a character that looks kind of like him and calling him Master Chief.
It's weird.
Well, they had something like this that they did during a demonstration at U3 where they created a character like this and I guess they kind of tweaked it a little bit more.
I don't know. It's neat. He has a lot of belts.
A lot of belts.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm getting the limited edition because I like crap like that.
I don't know.
Alright, I apologize in advance if I'm horribly mispronouncing the name of this thing.
It's Oni Chambara? Is that what that is?
That's correct.
Alright, my Japanese is getting better.
Just disregard that. You might want to know this game as Bikini Samurai Squad.
It's still Oni Chambara. That's just a subtitle.
Whatever, but look.
It's chicks.
Speaking of women's volleyball outfits.
It's chicks in bikinis wielding swords.
I mean, hello. Do you need anything more in a video game?
The only thing this game is missing is zombies.
Oh, wait. I think they have those too.
They're battling a zombie horde.
I mean, do games get any better? I think not.
It's a chick wearing lingerie with a cowboy hat.
You forgot the cowboy hat.
Oh, my bad.
And she has a samurai sword killing zombies.
I already told you this is the greatest game on the face of the earth except for maybe Earth Defense Force which, please God, make another Earth Defense Force game.
Seriously?
This game is the second game I've been waiting to come over here from the Simple series and thank God it's finally here.
It is coming out over here. D3 publisher is going to port the game to the US in hopes that people everywhere will bow down to women with swords in bikinis slashing zombies.
Dark Sakura sound like your kind of game?
That sounds like fun.
I know, it does sound like fun.
If you don't want it on 360, remember they do have the Wii version coming out as well.
Alright.
Wii!
You know, I almost, I almost brought my Wii today to bring that, to view that game.
Next week though.
Next week.
Or whenever.
I must see this game.
You know, we should just have a special playing that are pre-recording.
Ooh, that might work.
Get that game imported or whatever you gotta do. Let's check it out.
Alright.
Already have it, yeah.
Sweet.
Well, other news, so you know we've been sitting around speculating about why Final Fantasy 13 is going to be coming out on Xbox 360?
Well, Microsoft has said something.
Actually one of their marketers, Albert Panello, said that it was actually the Xbox 360 sales, like I had speculated before, were what would bring Final Fantasy 13 to the system.
They said that they didn't really make any sort of behind doors deal.
They didn't offer a lot of money for them to, for Squeenix to break their exclusivity contract.
I can't speak today.
That's alright.
I've had a crap week.
They offered the market share.
That's what they offered them.
Exactly.
Xbox 360 does have the superior market in the United States.
So far they've had more term on it, more sales overall.
And they're actually stating right now that that was the specific reason that Square said, you know what, let's just do it.
Let's put it out on the 360 in the US.
And they also are committed to a simultaneous launch for both of them.
But their speculation is that that's going to hold up our PS3 release date in the US.
But, depending on how long they've had this going, you know, had this idea forming, they may have already started work on the port.
I could hope so.
They swear they haven't and they're not going to, but you never know.
I saw the note on there that says they haven't begun work on the 360 version yet.
But it could be a lie.
You know what I mean?
It could be a lie.
They don't have to tell us the truth.
It's very true.
But it likely is the truth.
I mean, why would they lie?
I mean, it could be that they've started, you know, work on one that could just be easily converted to either platform.
Well, my whole thought is they had to explore the fact that it was doable, right?
Well, I don't think that they, what they do when they start programming these games is just, you're not going to have, oh, we are going to do everything on this dev kit.
No, you're going to start your textures in whatever your 3D program is.
You're going to start working, you know, laying out your scripts and, you know, other programs.
It's not, it's got to come together on a PC or Mac or something, or maybe they do it in Linux.
I don't know.
But anyway, whatever way they have to come through it on some sort of computer to get everything together.
And then it's made compatible with the hardware given.
So I think it's not going to be that difficult, especially since we've seen plenty of ports from one system to the other that didn't lose all that much, so.
All right, let's get some comments from chat.
JV Mon says, I don't mind Final Fantasy 13 being delayed if it means I get it on the 360.
Keltipo says, Final Fantasy 13 seems so far off at this point, another delay doesn't seem so bad.
That's kind of how I feel.
I mean, it's like, it's that little spark way off in the distance that, you know, I'm kind of not expecting to see this game before Christmas next year anyway.
So there you have it.
Chat.orangelaundry.com if you want to join us on this Sunday night as we tape on allgames.com.
As we always do, 6 o'clock Pacific time on Sunday nights, except for next week.
Besides, you have to remember the development cycle starts off with their department for making kickass CG trailers for said game before they even work on the game.
So, possibly, you might be onto something.
Especially when the final looks nothing like the trailer.
Let's move on.
We've got the classic game of the week coming up in just a couple more stories in our break.
And then part B. Loki.
Besides, I have one question for you.
What is better than Final Fantasy 13?
Well, I'll answer that with another question.
Are you smarter than a fifth grader?
Damn straight, that's coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Game of the year right there.
Will it have Jeff Foxworthy?
Yes, it will have CG Jeff Foxworthy.
He looks like a zombie, by the way. I don't know.
Can a fifth grader beat Braid? If so, I'm in trouble.
I don't know, maybe.
Is this going to be one of their massively online games that we're teasing at E3, like 1 versus 100?
No, I'm going to guess this is going to be their crappy port of the Wii game that's coming out.
But it is being put out by THQ, which I do think they are putting out the crappy game.
And yeah, it should be coming out sometime after all the cool games come out on Xbox Live Arcade this month.
Oh well.
Hey, wait, is Xbox Live Arcade?
Xbox Live Arcade.
Well, that's kind of interesting, I guess.
So I can embarrass myself and my friends online with what I don't know.
Yeah.
Although usually I seem to watch the show and I seem to do okay on the show.
But sometimes there's like a world history question that I just don't get.
Because history was never my strong subject.
I don't know, he's just creepy looking, man.
Seriously, it's like, if you get this question wrong, I'm going to jump through the TV and eat your brain.
Look how small his head is!
His head's shaped like a cantaloupe.
I'm going to show the chat room what his head looks like, okay?
Look at his head!
DarkTetsuya says, bye, give me the mole on Xbox Live Arcade. Reality games on Xbox Live Arcade, I don't think that could happen, though.
They're too psychological intensive.
Anyway, speaking of Xbox Live Arcade games, we've been talking a lot, a lot, a lot about Braid tonight.
A lot of people have been talking about Braid.
What's very interesting, though, have you checked out the official walkthrough for Braid?
The creator, Jonathan Blow, actually put up an official walkthrough for Braid.
It's available at braid-game.com slash walkthrough.
I'm going to go ahead and give you a spoiler for the walkthrough.
The first page tells you how to power up the game, how to get into the actual game itself from the sunset-looking starting screen.
And then you go into page two of the game after you get walked through the first world.
And page two tells you, solve the puzzles yourself and stop using a walkthrough.
You stupid dork!
All the puzzles in Braid are reasonable.
If you're having problems solving a puzzle, don't give up.
Please do not use a walkthrough. Don't give up. Thank you for your time.
And yet, might I point out the irony that currently this game is sitting at number three on the most requested FAQs on GameFAQs.
Probably from people feeling as dumb as me.
However, I will say, though, there are rewards to be got from this game, like any game, from not using a walkthrough.
That's not going to stop some people that want to know the story, and there is going to come a point where I'm just not going to be able to freaking resist.
But I do like the little trick played on us by the official developers. I thought it was cute, if nothing else.
And that was something I found, by the way, on Major Nels' Twitter, which you were saying earlier in the show.
I've been thinking that's major use.
And there's some pretty funny stuff that he posts every so often.
You should also add on the Xbox staff, Trixie's there.
She posts a lot more random stuff, but she's a good read, too.
There's a lot of great gaming people on Twitter. That's like the place where everybody's at right now.
I have Twitterrific on my iPhone.
There's so many other indie game podcasters I'm following on Twitter.
Godfree, Gamer Edie, Bobby, just off the top of my head.
On top of that, there's other famous individuals on there. Will Wheaton has a Twitter.
So I've been reading that.
Dude, Obama is following me.
No, that's how I found his Twitter.
Nice.
And I was like, dude, I'm not even anything on there that says anything about being Democrat.
I'm a Libertarian.
Although I'm voting for him.
Alright. Danger, danger, political discussion, danger.
I can say who I'm voting for.
Alright.
Let's get into other topics, though.
Like your vote for the Classic Game of the Week that all the kids should be playing this week.
Because every week you like to pick a game from the archives.
And this week, as I understand it, we have a nice change of pace.
It's not Sega-related this week.
Sort of.
I'm just messing with you.
Alright, here it is, folks, your Classic Game of the Week.
What should the kiddies be dusting off and playing this week?
I think this also wins the About Damn Time award, too.
Because the game that I picked is Tempest 2000.
Nice.
Tempest 2000 is one of the only good games on the Atari Jaguar.
It is the only Atari Jaguar game that I have ever used in this segment.
And I'm actually referring to the Sega Saturn version, which is the one that I have.
So, screw a bunch of the Atari Jaguar.
I have played this on the Jaguar, believe it or not, and I endorse it on the Jaguar.
It's a good time.
You just have to play the music.
Let's take a listen to some of the hot techno music in the game.
Remember this?
Oh, hell yeah.
Super Zapper Recharge.
Remember the soundtrack I burned off of this resolution to?
Nice.
Good times.
Anyway, tell us a little more about Tempest 2000.
Well, if anyone's ever played the original Tempest, it was a vector game that was put
out by Atari where you go on a series of different shaped fields.
And you can only move left or right for yourself, but you'll have ones that look like a V or
some that look like a giant octagon.
Or the first stage is basically a straight plane.
But this one, other than just shooting the little ships as they approach your ship on
this plane, you have other little goodies added.
You also have spikes that come up.
I think the spikes were in the original, too, that you have to shoot the spikes all the
way back down to the bottom.
They will try to, you know, if the enemy ship gets up to the top of the plane, they can
catch you.
Now, what they've added to this one is you get a particle laser so that you can shoot
faster and, you know, more energy.
You can gain points for, you know, bonus ships and stuff.
You can get a jump power-up so you can jump over the enemies when they're on the top line.
An AI droid, which is just this little vector cube that follows you around and shoots.
A warp token so you can...
Wait, wait, wait, we have to listen to this part.
Oh, this version doesn't have the voice, did it?
No, it says it really quietly.
Super Zapper Recharge is added on the...
Super Zapper Recharge is the best part.
Well, you know why this has better music and better musical quality than the Jaguar did?
Because the Saturn has a much, much better sound processor than the Jaguar did.
In fact, I want to even say that the Saturn sound processor was better than what was on
the PlayStation.
Do we get to see the bonus stage in this clip?
Because that part of the game always tripped me out.
I didn't watch that movie.
Oh, that's alright.
It had the weird ambient music too.
Let me turn it down a little bit because those gunshots are getting a little annoying.
Alright, go ahead.
Sorry.
But you also, as you go through, you can get warp tokens to travel to different stages.
You can also get a power-up to destroy all of the enemies that are on the screen and
move you to the next level.
It's called Outta Here.
You get one that...
Well, the female voice in there goes, yes, yes, yes, when you get this power-up.
And you get it when you're warping off a completed one.
So it gives that...
So when you start your next level, the first power-up that you get is an AI droid.
And it says yes, yes, yes, but in that, you know, really high-pitched sort of oh baby
way.
Eat electric death.
I love that.
When you use your giant zapper thing, it says eat electric death.
It just happened in the clip here, eat electric death.
I know, that's so cool.
Caught you.
Guy died.
And when it says catch, it goes whoa.
So we've also got other versions, like this particular music that we're playing here is
like I said, the Sega Saturn version.
It did first come out on Atari Jaguar.
There was a PlayStation version that's called Tempest X3.
It's supposed to be updated graphics and music, but it's...
Actually, I don't think it's as much fun.
However, if you put in all caps Y-I-F-F exclamation point on the high score table, you get to play
the original Tempest 2000.
Nice.
But it doesn't save any of your high scores, so that's kind of sad.
They also have this on PC, right?
Because I remember playing this on PC.
Yes, there's a PC version, which I've got it somewhere.
There's also...
You can actually get a soundtrack for it.
I mean, although, honestly, with the Saturn version, all you have to do, it's all Redbook
audio.
There's been other games that try to be like Tempest since Tempest 2000.
I don't know.
I apologize.
You were going to talk about this, but...
There was Space Giraffe.
Yes, Space Giraffe on Xbox Live, but the problem with Space Giraffe is that it was kind of
funny, like it had its moments that it was really funny, but the problem I had with it
is that graphically, the game was ruined.
I mean, how graphics can single-handedly ruin a game.
And the same problem I had with Tempest on Xbox Live Arcade, they remade the original
Tempest, did this whole remake of the original Tempest, it was missing that...
There's a Tempest 3000.
There's that X factor I can't put my finger on that Tempest 2000 had that the Tempest
on Xbox Live Arcade most definitely doesn't have.
I do have to tell you one thing, though, that I do really like about the PlayStation version,
Tempest 6.3, is it used the NegCon.
The NegCon for the uninitiated is a Namco controller that you...
It's separate in the center, so it twists.
It was made for Wipeout and other racing games.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right.
I have four of them, so...
Nice.
It took me forever to find them, but I have two Japanese ones and two American ones.
But the other thing that I think is interesting is that anyone likes the music in this one,
it was actually done by Imagine Design, which is now Brilliant Development, and they did
the music for Jaguar Games, Alien vs. Predator, and Battlemorph.
And I do recall Alien vs. Predator actually having some pretty sweet music.
You can also use the Jaguar's rotary controller on this, too, so you can get your sort of
old-school stuff.
So what you do to get that is you pause on controller one and controller two at the same
time on the options menu, and you can choose the rotary controller.
However, the rotary controller actually never was released.
Nice, nice.
You know, what do we say about the Jaguar?
It sucked!
Well, you know what?
I take that back.
Because there were other... there was another couple of good games, but I think they were
also remade original.
Yeah, anything that was on the Jaguar, it was good.
It was probably remade.
But at any rate, there have been people who actually went out and made a rotary controller,
so you can find them online somewhere, and people have modified old 2600 controllers
that are doing that, too.
But anyway, it was designed by Jeff Minter, and so I say go check out some of his other
contributions, too, even though he did give us Space Giraffe.
All right.
So that's it, then?
Tempest 2000, Classic Game of the Week?
I was really just trying to talk a whole lot so you could keep your music playing and
you could highlight your music.
Well, the clip's about up, so there you have it.
Your Classic Game of the Week, Tempest 2000.
Favorite thing about the game in a nutshell?
It's awesome.
There's not a favorite thing.
It's the entire package.
It's the whole thing is one.
Fair enough.
I will accept that answer.
All right.
That's going to do it for our Classic Game of the Week and for part A here on Orange
Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned, guys.
We'll be right back after a quick free break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
She's calm.
There are a couple of other things I just tell you and I remember.
He's crazy.
If you could not see the similarities and the personalities within the first couple
of episodes, you'd need brain surgery.
I mean, seriously.
Can two people get together and record a podcast without driving each other crazy?
Slap.
Oh, you just have to hit me so hard.
It wasn't that hard.
Find out on Anime Jam Sessions with your host, DJ Ranma S and Kuro Usagi.
Log on to DJRanmaS.net slash Anime Jam or look up Anime Jam Sessions on iTunes.
How should people celebrate Pyramid Head of Rape Appreciation Day?
We should have a rape carnival.
Tell them to rape things because rape is funny.
Walk around the neighborhood and rape cats in your neighborhood.
Hold a plastic knife.
You have to have a plastic knife.
And take pictures.
Ladies and gentlemen, rape isn't funny.
Unless if it's clown rape.
Rape of people is not funny.
Rape of monsters is funny.
Because monsters are bad.
And when bad people...
What?
I'm just not going to keep going.
Let go of the shovel.
Yeah, I'm digging myself a hole.
Orange Lounge Radio.
The video game podcast where every gamer has a voice.
Because the army was using Halo on a sniper base to do one thing.
To get the snipers prepared psychologically to be willing to kill as snipers.
Well, except that asshole.
And now back to Orange Lounge Radio.
There's a direct causal link between interactive gameplay of violent games
and real world increased aggression and violence in adolescents and teenagers.
He doesn't even fucking make sense.
Welcome back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
August the 10th of 2008 is the night we are taping live.
Myself, Rob Roberts, joining me as always.
DarkSakura.
Hi!
Back for more gaming news after feeling a little...
I had some pretzels to snack on during the break there.
And some vitamin water to refresh me now.
Even though they say this stuff is really not as good for you as you'd think.
I'm full of energy.
It's better than soda.
Good!
Lots of energy.
Lots of energy to get through gaming news?
Yes!
How about you, Loki?
Are you energetic?
No.
I guess not.
Will you mind doing some gaming news for us anyway?
Yeah.
Alright, sure.
So, it's already been rumored that it's coming out at some point.
But Guitar Hero Metallica was pretty much confirmed by Metallica themselves
during an interview with Lars Orch.
And basically, the quote is,
if somebody's going to follow up Guitar Hero Aerosmith,
we're talking and it's exciting.
And the people at Guitar Hero and Activision are rapidly becoming our best new friends in the world.
You can put the rest of it together yourself.
So, yeah.
Guitar Hero Metallica, once again, horing up the franchise next year.
But there's going to be a lot of people that are going to buy this game, even more so than Aerosmith.
Yeah, probably.
Aerosmith's a pretty rockin' band, don't get me wrong.
But Metallica's even more so.
Metallica is godly.
Even after the backlash of Napster and all that.
We kind of forgot about that.
It's really to enlighten St. Inger.
Am I one of the few people on the planet that actually liked Reload and Load, those albums?
I loved it!
I thought those albums were pretty good.
The best part of those albums was the fact that Mary Ann Faithfull was on a song.
It was so rad.
But nothing ever tops the awesome that was the S&M concert.
Oh, was that the orchestra?
The one was Cayman.
And the, um, what was it?
Berkeley, I think?
Yeah, it was local from where they're from.
Yeah, I just thought it was funny that people who bought season passes for theater and opera had to listen to Metallica.
Comments from our chat room.
chat.orangelandradio.com
ActDeaf says,
Lars is a big sellout, according to ActDeaf, so there are still some people that are Metallica hatin'.
JV Monn says,
My store still has dozens and dozens of Guitar Hero Aerosmiths still in my store.
You know, I've noticed the same thing.
Loki, any idea, I don't know if you know anything from the inside, but any idea on how Aerosmith Guitar Hero's been selling?
Um, we sold a lot of it, and then...
That's about it.
No, not a lot of reorders.
So, okay, isn't that bad, though, when there's not a lot of reorders?
Because that means the ones that were bought for the shelves aren't leaving.
Isn't that bad?
Uh, could be.
I mean, I'm not trying to distort the facts or whatever, maybe they are selling really good, but...
Well, just have a look at the NPD numbers at the end of, uh, for July to see how it did.
Actually, though, it'd probably still be doing pretty well through July.
Maybe the NPD number is in September for August to see how well it's doing.
Hmm. Alright, good.
Because, um, you know, it sold a lot, but, you know, a lot of people were just picking it up for the hell of it, I guess, I don't know.
Uh, JV Monn continues,
JV Monn continues, Guitar Hero Aerosmith sold really well the first week, then people stopped carrying.
I do intend on picking it up, but, again, I'm holding out for a price drop, and if they're not leaving shelves, maybe that'll happen sooner than people were telling me it was gonna.
The other thing, too, you have to look at is a lot of people may have already had the guitar bundles for it already,
so maybe people just bought way too many bundles for their stores, and the game only versions are selling well.
Because, I mean, I could see that, especially if, you know, say you're in the Guitar Hero and you've had one through three already,
you probably already own a second guitar, you probably don't need a third guitar, so, maybe.
And Dark Tetsuya says the mandatory, uh, and Skye, how about Guitar Hero Journey?
Uh, you know I'm down with that. By the way,
Rob's not gonna stop believin'.
Did you hear, I'm not stopping believin', did you hear the Journey is going to be in town?
How are they?
With heart.
What?
And cheap trick.
When?
Like, soon.
We're going, right?
I don't know, it might be the same weekend as PAX, I have to look it up.
I'll find out.
I'll look it up.
I will be angry.
I'll look it up while we read a story.
Dude, if there's one thing better than Journey, it's heart and Journey.
It's heart.
I don't care, I don't care.
As long as I get my power ballads, I'm happy.
SHA100Matt says Guitar Hero Abba.
No, that's for my dream pop and music game.
That would be like Keyboard Mania.
Anyhow, sorry, let's move on.
Yeah, shall we?
The full Rock Revolution setlist was released this week.
You know, the Konami game we were teasing a little bit in Parday.
Yeah, I know.
Here's the thing, there's only 41 songs on it.
Apparently none of them are originals, at least that's what we've heard.
A spreadsheet went out earlier this week.
I guess it was actually leaked from the inside.
Now, here's the thing though.
It does have some kind of cool things on it.
Speaking of heart, Magic Man is in the game.
Which is kind of cool, right?
Okay, that means I have to get this game now.
Damn you!
Damn you, Konami!
It's a cover, it could be bad.
Don't care, she'll go have it.
But check this out.
Come on, Feel the Noise by Quiet Riot is in it.
Okay, that's cool.
That's kind of awesome too.
Mega Death is in it.
Which Mega Death?
Holy Wars, The Punishment Due.
Ooh.
Queen with Stone Cold Crazy.
I love that song.
We're Not Gonna Take It by Twisted Sister.
This is Butt Rock's version.
Kinda, in a way.
It has Blitzkrieg Bot by the Ramones.
That's the one they failed to famously on stage at E3.
Am I Evil?
Bad Reputation by Joan Jett.
And just to top it off for fun,
Sk8er Boi by Avril Lavigne.
There you go.
And Linkin Park, so it's not totally Butt Rock.
All the small things.
All of the slash wrist people.
To go back to the non-gaming related stuff we were talking about just earlier.
Sure.
Journey with Heart and Cheap Trick, you were close.
It is the 27th of September.
We're going.
We can go.
We're going.
We are down.
And it's at the Shoreline Amphitheater in Mountain View, California.
Guess what else is?
What?
Mountain View?
No.
There's one in Cali.
There's one in Sac too.
Whatever they call it.
Sleep Train or Sac Valley.
They change the name of it every year.
But next month also is Weird Al.
That's pretty cool.
At the fair.
I've never seen Weird Al live before.
You're coming with us.
Maybe we should do OLR live at the Journey concert.
Let's do that.
Oh my god, that would be fantastic.
I don't know if it's possible.
We'll find a way.
We'll go record in the bathroom.
Concord Pavilion, the 24th.
I know they're coming to Sleep Train Amphitheater.
Look it up.
Look it up at the Sac Valley thing.
I'll look it up later.
So, can I do my story?
Yes, Jamie, just do your story and I will look up Journey and Heart.
So, they're not as, you know, didn't go through their massive 80s-tastic mode because Ozzy
always rocks.
But there is going to be Ozzy in Guitar Hero World Tour.
We actually have some tracks released today.
And the two Ozzy songs are going to be Crazy Train and Mr. Crowley.
Other tracks announced is Airborne, Too Much, Too Young, At the Drive-In, One-Armed Sister,
Scissor, sorry, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Weapon of Choice, Bob Seger, Hollywood Nights,
Dinosaur Jr., Philipine, I love Dinosaur Jr., I'm sorry.
We also have Silver Sun Pickups, Lazy Eye, System of the Down, BYOB, Survivor, Eye of
the Tiger, Rob, Eye of the Tiger.
Sorry, I'm sitting here, it's September 26th.
We're going.
Friday.
Friday night.
We're going.
We're going, we're there.
That's the one in Wheatland, right?
Yeah.
It's called Stillborn and other tracks that were previously announced, just to repeat
those for the listeners, Billy Idol, Rebel Yell, which I'm like, hell yeah.
Blink 182, Dammit, Foo Fighters Everlong, which, you know, that's going to make Drew
all pee himself or something.
It makes me all pee myself.
I love that song.
Foo Fighters are pretty awesome.
So Jimmy Hendrix songs.
That makes me happy.
Purple Haze, the live version, Wind Cries Mary, Linkin Park, What Have I Done, Paramore
Misery Business, Sublime Santeria, I'm going to yawn so bad for that one.
I'm so over sublime.
Yeah.
It's really old blade.
The Doors, Love Me Two Times.
That's a good one.
The Eagles Hotel, California, and Van Halen, Hot for Teacher.
I'm sorry.
I'm not the biggest fan of the David Lee Roth era, but I love Hot for Teacher.
That was a good, that was a fun one.
I love When I Kissed the Teacher by Abba.
Nevermind.
You know, I've got, I've got a present for you from Ronma at my house.
What's that?
I have an Abba album.
Awesome.
Album.
Like old art and everything.
Yeah.
Maybe we can put that in the blank space on Justin TV.
And he got you a Bette Midler album.
I'm not as big on Bette Midler, but my mother is, so I'll go take that to her.
He got you Super Trooper.
Oh, awesome.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Orange Lounge, Abba-oh.
It's Abba Lounge Radio.
Loki save the show, please.
Since we were talking about Rock Band earlier, and I mentioned that we were going to be talking
about street dates.
Well, the street dates apparently were leaked out of some database somewhere.
The dates that they have- It wasn't you, was it?
It wasn't me.
God.
I don't do that sort of thing.
Anymore.
Shh.
Quiet you.
And he doesn't do it any less.
Ahaha.
So, according to this database, which I think- I want to say that it was Fred Meyer or something
like that.
Maybe it was Blockbuster.
Probably Blockbuster.
The 360 version they have coming out September 24th, the PS3 October 19th, and the Wii November
18th.
That is about half true.
Oh, really?
That's not entirely correct.
Is there a certain element of that that might be incorrect?
The dates for those systems are correct.
They just don't mention one thing.
In September, the game only version for Xbox 360 is coming out, and the accessories are
coming out by themselves.
The bundle's not coming out until the PS3 date, which is the same time the PS3 will
be getting the standalone and the bundle.
That actually makes sense.
Because they're rushing the game out.
And then the Wii version is coming out November 18th along with the PlayStation 2 version.
And now you know.
They were close, but you know.
Not close enough.
They're probably getting the game only version.
What about the achievements and trophies in the game?
Well, the achievements and trophies are going to be very similar to the last game.
They have trophies for playing 100% on a song on expert for guitars, drums, vocals, bass.
Also for doing a Flawless Guitar Solo.
They also have some for the band World Tour Mode, including one for reaching one million
fans.
They have some stuff for the actual drum trainer, including completing some different beats
and stuff like that.
And then of course they have some drum challenge achievements and stuff like that.
It looks very similar to the first game.
Hopefully now that Band Tour is supposed to be online playable, so I can play it with
friends of mine and not have to have everybody over, I'll actually be able to unlock some
of those achievements.
Yeah.
Because I don't have the full thing, so I've never got those achievements.
I'm counting on my friend who plays Rock Band a lot more than I do to play my copy and get
me the achievements.
I'll play it with you.
You should come over one day and we'll get all those achievements.
I need to get that kit.
I need to get that kick-ass drum set.
You just have to learn how to drum.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, onto a completely different note.
This has nothing to do with music games whatsoever, although you might say these two are making
music together.
This is from a post on these forums, MMORPG.com.
They're talking about the game Age of Conan and this user, I don't know if the user themselves
did it.
I don't think they did, but they're posting screenshots from the Age of Conan game where
apparently one of these players who plays a male character in the game had cybersex
with the GM.
There's no real way to say this.
And I was going to have Loki and I do the banter here back and forth, but somehow I
don't think I'm going to be able to get him to do it.
So let me just give you some of the quotes.
What?
Admit it.
It would be funny.
We could pretend we're having the chat and read the quotes.
Yeah.
I don't think we'll give the fanboys that kind of fodder.
Unfortunately, if we did that, who knows what PSA we would receive next week.
Well, okay.
They posted these screenshots here and apparently they were, they were cybering a little bit
with the GM and look, here's some of the quotes from here.
The player with dual wheeled barbarians though, I mean two, that's a bit difficult for me
to handle.
I'd rather stick with one big sword and the GM says, you like it rough, I take it.
The player says, be gentle.
The GM says, are you a real woman, lol, not crazy question, you would be surprised.
And the player says, yep, I just play a male character so guys don't flirt with me in game
like on wow.
And the GM says, I'm wearing panties, joke.
Then they get summoned to a special area where, look at this, there's a screenshot of the
GM that's completely naked.
Well, I mean, as naked as you can get in an MMO, only wearing undies and nothing else
there.
And the player's just kind of sitting down chilling or what have you.
And they're going on here.
The player says, whip out your massive sword.
And the GM says, rofl, lol, you like, and so on and so on.
Where does it get really bad here, towards the end it gets really bad.
The GM ends up saying, hmm, you are bad, what if I rip your panties off and fuck you hard
until I'm satisfied.
Wanna feel you get really, wait, this is of course cyber chat, so the grammar's all horrible.
Want to feel you get really wee so I can put it just ahead of my you know what, inside
you, and use my hand to slowly move it around before plunging it fully into you and making
you take it all.
Wow.
I mean, that's a GM in the game.
As you can probably imagine, this guy got canned, but here's the part that's kind of
irritating.
So the whole thing was a big joke.
The player then suddenly yells, this is Sparta.
You're so kinky, you just cybered with a dude.
And then the GM says, lol, why did you want this then, are you gay, are you serious, and
then the player says, serious about what?
I was joking about the fapping, but then I am indeed the dude.
And the GM says, lol, okay, glad I put my clothes back on.
And then the player says, yeah, probably a good idea, I have AIDS.
Like, you had me going here like at the lolsy factor, but then like this is the equivalent
of me getting up on stage and telling this like hilarious joke.
Like imagine I'm Ellen DeGeneres and I come out on stage and I'm really funny and everybody's
laughing and I'm making jokes at people's expenses and then at the very end of my show
I take my pants off and I poop live on stage.
Like that's kind of what happened here is that, you know, lol, you had to end it with
the haha gay AIDS joke.
Like you suck and it's not funny and, you know, this poor guy probably got fired over
what you did and posting all these things on the internet and if you wanted to be funny
that wasn't the way to go about doing it.
So you can suck it and you make me very angry and therefore we're going to do the FUs of
the week.
Oh, I'm sorry, do you have a comment, Dark Saga?
I did have a comment.
Oh, go ahead, sorry.
First of all though, that's a big pile of mutual stupidity so I don't feel sorry for
either of them.
The GM's no dumber than you are, my friend.
Not you, I know I'm looking at you but I mean the user.
The user first of all is an asshole and also pretty much dumb fuck for the little comment
at the end but the GM should have been a GM in the first place if, you know, they were
going to basically act inappropriately especially, and now if it's like a private server that's
one thing but if this is a public server where someone is technically as an employee for
said company, they are a representative of the company, they should know better.
Exactly.
Amaze Satsuma in chat says pooping on stage is still better than Carrot Top.
Yeah.
Look, you get my analogy, all right, even if you have to be a smart ass about it.
All right, now I'm still angsty, I still have enough residual angst, hopefully Dark
Saga does two to the FUs of the week.
My FU of the week goes towards a hormone, that's it.
Damn those hormones.
Loki.
All right, FU of the week goes to my high school reunion, the 10 year high school reunion.
What a complete fucking waste of time and money.
Just a note for all you people maybe still in high school and thinking, hey, you know,
10 years from now I can go see all my friends again.
Don't do it, seriously, I mean about 30 or 40 people show up and they're probably the
people that you weren't friends with anyways, just keep in touch with your friends.
Me and myself, I don't really have a whole lot of FUs of the week, I had a fairly decent
week.
Raph, if I kick you will you have an FU?
Yes I will, I will have an FU, FU to the ferret, it stinks.
No I know I had a bad, I FU to drama, believe it or not, because there has been drama recently
and it's no fun at all.
Drama's poopy.
Drama is poopy, drama is no fun.
Save the drama for your llama.
A gun is no fun.
Yes they are.
I have a character on WoW called Drama Llama.
Guns are lots of fun.
Unless, you know, guns are fun unless you're shooting people with guns, then they're not
fun.
Do you know?
But shooting cats with guns is hilarious, no I'm kidding, don't do that, it's not funny.
I believe in everyone should have a gun.
I'm serious.
I'm completely in the opposite, here we go in the political stuff again, because I don't
agree with you here.
I'm gonna say one thing about that, just to see what you think.
Promise me we can get back to gaming after that, alright.
Do you think that most people are good?
Most people.
If everybody had a gun, a concealed weapon, whether they carried it or not, do you think
that someone would be more likely to do a violent crime on someone who may or may not
be armed?
I don't want the responsibility that comes with a gun.
You don't have to have it, but a lot of people have it.
I don't trust the 1% of people who shouldn't have guns.
But do you think that 1% of the population is gonna be stupid enough to attack the rest
of the population who might be armed?
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's all I ever have to tell anyone to think about it.
It shouldn't have to come to that.
Alright.
I'm thinking.
Ow.
Oh, don't hurt yourself.
There's other people to hurt you for you.
Anyway, well you know one of my favorite games ever is a Hudson game called Star Prodia,
right?
And I hate that they're putting it out, they're naming it Prodior, because I'm just used to
it being Star Prodia.
But it's coming out on Virtual Console.
Hudson says it's going to be on the, I do believe, this Monday's release.
So that's pretty cool.
That is if they're true to their word.
Well, we didn't get East Book 1 and 2 when it was supposed to be out.
But Star Prodia and Break In are going to be on Virtual Console.
And I know I've mentioned this plenty of times before.
Star Prodia is a parody of Star Soldier.
And it's a game where you, basically, you can play as the Twinbee, or you can play as
Bomberman, or you can play as a flying PC Engine and shoot things with HuCards and CDs.
That is awesome.
Guns that shoot HuCards I approve of.
Hell yeah.
Okay.
But I'm done.
Cool.
Well, hopefully those games actually come out.
Because I've never played this Star Prodia game, and I always hear Dark Soccer rave about
it.
So I'm kind of curious to check it out someday.
Yeah.
Well, there's some other interesting things coming out.
These aren't exactly legitimate releases, but still something that's being worked on.
I think we talked about this a while back, but it was under a different name.
I believe last time it was Super Mario Brothers Fusion, which was a game that's fusing kind
of Super Mario Brothers with Halo, Metroid, Mega Man, in fact they had recreated Aquaman's
stage and stuff like that.
Well, now this whole thing has snowballed into one giant game, including a bunch of
other characters, and it's now called Mushroom Kingdom Fusion.
And it's got 12 playable characters now.
You can actually play as Arthur from Ghouls and Ghosts, you can play as Sonic, Tails,
Luigi, Wario, Kirby, Zelda, or I should say Link, Samus, etc.
Tingle?
No Tingle.
Fail.
But they have all sorts of game references in this, a bunch of different custom levels,
it's all fan-made, a bunch of different power-ups.
It's Fangasm the game.
It pretty much.
You can actually download the beta of this, which I still get to run on my PC because
it's very un, I don't know, they just haven't finished yet.
It's still in beta, it's not optimized yet.
Yeah, not optimized one bit.
But if you do get to run though, it is pretty awesome, they do have a beta you can check
out that includes a lot of the game that's already done right now.
Some of the more recent stuff they did, they have power-ups you can get, including, for
example, if you get the Mega Man power-up, if you're playing Mario, Mario becomes Mega
Mario, Luigi becomes Proto Luigi, Sonic becomes Quick Man, and Tails becomes Gyro Man Tails,
which is interesting.
Interesting is a good word for it.
And they have actually a website dedicated to it, a whole little wiki and stuff, including
all the games that they reference in it and have different levels.
There's some obscure shit in this, I mean, it's really cool though, and definitely worth
checking out.
If you want to check out the game, check out any information on it, the website is mkfusion.ipbfree.com.
Ipfreely.com?
What?
I.P.B.
I.P.B.
I.P.B.
Free.
I.P.B.
Free.
So.
Alright.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Huh, I'll have to check this game out when they fix some of their memory problems.
It sounds interesting, but it sounds like what would happen if the fans made Super Smash
Brothers, that's what would happen.
Hey, talk about legitimate games though, this one's legitimate and something the fanboys
definitely want.
Raiden 4 is going to be coming out for the Xbox 360.
That has been announced by Moss, who is the developer of Raiden 4.
They are porting the old arcade shoot-em-up to the Xbox 360, and apparently they're actually
going to put new aircrafts in the game through download content.
The game comes out September 11th in Japan.
The game soundtrack is supposed to be included with the game as well, so that's pretty cool.
Raiden 4.
You a Raiden 4 fan, DarkSakura?
I know you like your shoot-em-ups.
Actually, I was just having a discussion with Dan about Raiden Fighters, so yeah, I'm pretty
cool about that.
Awesome.
Alright, well we're really cool whenever we get emails from you guys.
You make us feel special when you email us at Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
Sadly, we feel kind of sucky this week, because not a lot of you guys emailed us, and we're
not feeling the love, and I'm going to go cry now, but DarkSakura will read those few
emails we did get this week, right now.
First email is from GS68, Hey OLR Crew, about the issue of Wii storage space, I'm not sure
if this has been brought up yet, but can't you put VC games on an SD card and then put
them back on your Wii when you want to play them again?
Is there something wrong with that?
Not saying you're dumbasses or anything, just wondering why you can't transfer your VC games
onto an SD card, does that take too long or is it too inconvenient?
PS, this email was brought to you by Justin TV, home of the never-ending spammers and
assholes.
Yes, on the it's too inconvenient part, it's a little silly that your Wii can read from
it, but yet it can't read data from it, and access ga- it's like not being able to run
a pi- imagine this, every time you wanted to look at pictures on a USB card, you had
to copy them to your computer to view them, you couldn't view them right off your USB
card, that's kind of annoying, you know what I mean?
That's kind of the analogy there, like it's just a little silly that the games won't run
off it.
I'll be honest, I didn't realize that you could save them on an SD card, I would actually
back them up that way myself, but the reason being is I would take the ones that after
I had played them for a while, those I would be- I would back up and set those aside, so
that if I wanted to play them, you know, later on, like you know like for example if I was
playing like a lot of Alien Crush, I wouldn't move Alien Crush off there, but if say I played
through you know, what's another one on there, Blaster Master, and was kind of tired of it?
Not yet, but someday.
I'm just picking, I think, arbitrary title, you know, so that would be the case that I
think that that could be okay, but if it's- if you're- but not in a- I just want to, you
know, do this every time with every game.
AlphaCananagram has a good point, he says, it just takes too long to copy back on the
Wii, especially Nintendo 64 games.
Oh, that's a good point.
Mm-hmm.
God, I wonder how- how those, um, uh, TurboGrafx CD games would be.
Don't know, don't know.
It's just a little silly, it's not supported yet, I don't know if the slot access is too
slow, but it's just- it's- it's the principle.
That's all.
Next email, this is from Saltek.
Hey, OLR, I just wanted to point out one thing the R4 has done for Nintendo.
Out of the five people I know who own DS's for them bought it only because of the R4,
myself included.
Nintendo is going to make money because the R4, um, because the R4 since they make money
on every DS sold, where it is really bad for the third party developers because people
will not be purchasing those games, which is unfortunate, but happens when devices like
this are released.
Keep up the great work and I apologize if my grammar sucks, but I'm very bad at writing,
Saltek.
That's okay, I forgive you.
This time.
To be honest, I think you're kind of in the minority though.
You and your friends are probably kind of a group of hackers, you know, in the sense
that you enjoy these types of things, you know, in the systems, that's part- you know,
you probably also bought a PSP so you could play NES games on it, I could be wrong, but
do realize you and your friends are not the mass gamer, if that makes sense.
But I don't- I'm not saying I disagree with you, I'm just saying, you know, you can't
say that four out of all five gamers only bought a DS for the R4, that's the thing.
That's the one point I'm trying to make.
But, you know, I don't think the R4 is a bad device when used appropriately.
I am all for breaking region locks.
I am all for that.
Well, the next and last email I should say, well, you know, I'm actually going to be kind
and check and see if there's one more email because I am kind.
And actually, we did get one, dun dun dun, but I'll read that next.
OLR, I was checking to see if OLR has any events or special guests for the 300th show
and if there's any room in the studio slash garage I would like to attend pending travel
arrangements slash work.
Here is some of the reasons which can earn me a spot in the studio as an attendee slash
guest.
This person's very fond of slashes.
Having met Dark Sakura, must meet Sky and Loki to complete meeting the trifecta of OLR
hosts.
Gave DMN a ride home 35 miles from the arcade, somehow triggering the random chain of events
which would include Dark Sakura paying for one of my games of DDR the following month.
I play DDR.
I am possibly, probably one of the oldest skilled DDR players, I've just turned 31 and
I can keep up with people nearly half my age.
This one, great seeing close pick on my summer love is an indication I might have to see
OLR live in order to AAA that song.
I have DDR player as my license plate on my car.
I must pay tribute to the fairy.
Those are just a few reasons to be there during the 300th show in some form or another, lol.
This email was brought to you by Olive Garden, home of the never ending Olive Garden insert
contextual question mark pound 78 dot track dot google dot com.
Peace out and AAA Jammer J.
I'm going to be honest, I haven't even thought about the 300th episode yet, it's still two
months off.
There's PAX kind of in the way.
It's going to be a little while.
Yeah I saw the pictures.
You my friend are a DDR fan if I ever see one.
I don't know.
It's a big question mark right now.
We'll see.
More to come.
What do you guys want us to do for our 300th episode?
Wow what a nice perfect attack on my summer love.
What do you guys want to see us do for our 300th episode?
I don't know.
I want pizza and beer and ice cream.
We'll see.
I want to go back real quick because I'm an idiot and I got called out on it in chat.
Game Guru says the DS has no region lock and duh I should know that.
I've seen the import games for sale right on the store shelves next to the American
games.
What the hell I was smoking.
I'll be honest I don't use the DS a lot for region locks.
It's more for the Playstation games where I'd like to get around it.
But I'm thinking duh I've played Owen Don on my DS I should know better.
But anyhow.
I have Owen Don on my DS I bought puppies from him.
So sorry anyway as far as the 300th episode to be to be determined don't know.
We're always welcoming of other people in the studio but you know just try to give us
a little advance warning.
Plus I would honestly you really want to come out here just for the show.
I mean if you're going to go to San Francisco and do some tourism around there cool but
it's not even worth it to fly out here just for our little thing.
You can call in on Skype.
I mean I'm not trying to you know just being honest we're not that exciting people.
We're simple people.
We're like Amish people right Dark Soccer with video games.
Are we are we video game-ish?
Video game Amish?
Video game Amish?
One more email.
There is something.
Someone snuck in.
Comments from chat.
Act Def says episode 300 should be on Mexico tequila tacos and more JV Mons and he is from
Mexico so we can he can try to lobby us to get there just like JV Mons doing episode
300 should be in New York City.
Frisbee says episode 300 should be in space.
Look I said things we can realistically do.
I think OLR in space is not going to happen.
Like the ring of that.
Nice.
OLR in space.
All right one more email.
Okay last one says hi folks since I just got an Xbox 360 Elite on August 2nd I have some
questions for you mainly directed at Rob since I know he has a 360 but Loki and Dark Soccer
can feel free to chime in too.
Oh well thank you so much for your permission.
I know it's nice that the listeners give you permission.
One for those in my situation where we both have the PS3 and a 360 is it worth getting
the same multi platform games over again if we already have the given game on one of the
consoles.
For example Call of Duty 4, Rock Band, etc.
Nah.
No.
If you must sell your other one back at least get some credit for it before you buy the
other one if you feel you must.
This is how some games try to milk money out of you though is by trying to entice you to
buy it again like Soul Calibur 4 the whole Vader Yoda thing.
Hello.
Although I liked your theory about buying that other game to get both unlocked.
It's very likely.
My simple answer is no.
I'll ask him.
Rarely is that type of thing worth it.
I can't think of a lot.
I mean sometimes the game might really have a lot extra when it comes out on the other
console like it sounds like Bioshock might have but even then I would want to sell my
Bioshock on 360 back if I'm going to get it on PlayStation 3 which is actually not something
I would do in the real world but you know at least do that.
Well moving right along to the next question.
If you could come up with a top 5 list of games for a 360 owner should have what games
would those be?
If you like you can have separate lists for disc based games, Xbox Live, arcade games.
I'm going to go ahead and tell you a few that I have.
First of all get Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
I love the hell out of that game.
And the second one's coming out too.
So it's lots of fun.
Dead Rising you can you know kill zombies with a lawn mower.
That's fun for five seconds.
Symphony of the Night on Xbox Live Arcade.
Uno.
God what else was it that we were playing?
My brain blanked.
That's right.
I'll jump in.
The Xbox Live Arcade as far as that goes.
I've played almost everything on there.
I would say Braid, Geometry Wars 2 which I know just both came out but they're both excellent
games.
Rez, Symphony of the Night if you don't already have access to it on PlayStation.
If you do go Luminous if you've never played it before and you haven't gotten it on any
other console like the PSP.
And yeah I would say something like Uno or go try something a little different like Catan
or Carcassonne or Ticket to Ride.
Try one of those games on for size.
But don't get Yaris.
Yeah don't get don't be enticed by it's free.
Same with Totem Ball.
Any contribution Loki?
I'm sorry I'm being distracted by people saying that I need to be in a Tingle suit for the
300th show.
Silly chat room.
That ain't happening.
Recommend five Xbox 360 games our new listener should pick up.
Or Xbox Live Arcade.
When are they picking up their 360?
They already did.
They already have it.
Okay.
Um.
Let's see.
I would do Earth Defense Force 2017.
Hey it's dirt cheap now seriously.
It's like five bucks or something.
Alright.
Alright.
Um.
Crackdown if you want.
I mean cause that's dirt cheap right now too.
The jumping game.
Um.
I would say the original Saints Row if you want.
I mean if you.
I guess that's also dirt cheap.
I agree with JVMon who's flooding Lost Odyssey if you're remotely interested in RPGs.
I guess.
There's a lot of RPGs coming out though pretty soon so.
Uh.
Lost Odyssey I guess.
Um.
Bioshock's good.
And probably.
OMG Halo 3.
Let's move on.
I would not recommend Halo 3.
Call D4.
Alright.
Is that.
No.
Alright.
More.
More.
Rob.
Anyway.
Moving forward.
Have you had any issues with any other players in Xbox Live?
People essentially being annoying or all around a-holes.
When don't I?
If so what's the best way to deal with that issue?
Don't play with strangers.
Ignore them.
Don't play with strangers.
Build up a friends list of good people and I urge you to start on orangeonshreddy.com
slash forums and if that's not enough for you go visit other forums that you like and
get other Xbox Live gamer tags and don't play with strangers play with friends.
That's the only way you're going to avoid idiocy.
Or make sure that you can play in a game where you make sure you start the game and you can
boot the players.
That's another good tip.
If you want to meet people.
That's actually a very good tip.
Also play games that idiots don't understand.
That's one reason I recommend Catan and Carcassonne.
Play games that idiots don't understand.
To laugh at the idiots instead of being offended by them.
We did that one time when we played a bunch of people in the UK at Grand Theft Auto IV
and we kicked the crap out of them and they were like spouting all these obscenities and
it was funny.
We were just like ahhh.
They're angry.
They're swearing with an accent.
Hahaha.
Exactly.
They're using words like you know.
Oh god.
I just have to say chat room remind at orange box.
None of us said orange box.
And we really should have.
Yeah.
You need portal.
Alright sorry go ahead.
But I was also going to say it just goes back to what was it I was saying a few weeks ago.
Learn to be offended.
I agree to an extent.
They're stupid.
There's so much idiocy on Xbox Live though.
There's so so much.
You get.
It gets old.
It's funny the first few times.
It gets so old.
I report every single one because I'm that guy.
No.
Last question on here.
Uh huh.
If you don't mind would you please send me a friends list to invite on Xbox Live.
My gamer tag is spazinator on PSN.
Minus the quotes obviously.
Okay.
What about Xbox Live?
This is the Xbox Live one.
Oh okay spazinator.
There you go.
Spazinator on PSN.
Um sadly my friends list is full and I probably won't ever remember but if you send me a message
asking nicely I'll boot somebody who hasn't been on in like 90 days.
I think mine is DarkSakuraLLR but I never use it because my husband we use his and he
I think he boots everybody I add out so so yeah if anyone has Dan's isn't his Gunstar
underscore hero.
Uh I don't remember to be honest.
Yeah Dan's is Gunstar hero and he um boots people that he doesn't recognize and so he's
booted some people that I added on there so if you add him and he boots you don't be offended
it's not me it's my husband.
Loki are you full yet?
No I think I'm like 70 something.
So Loki O-L-R right?
Loki space O-L-R all caps.
There you go.
Um thanks for uh taking the time to answer my questions as it's highly appreciated um
take care.
That's a really nice letter thank you.
I add everybody but you know don't expect me to play with you during the middle of the
day when I'm at work doing our two 15 minute multiplayer games we'll ignore your invites.
Yeah don't just because yeah that's another thing because this kind of happened lately
is that I I'm without fail I always get invited to games please don't be offended if I turn
them down but keep in mind sometimes when I turn on the Xbox I have a game in mind I
want to play I don't want to go back like I don't even know where my copy of Halo 3
is and like from several people I get Halo 3 invites please don't be offended when I
decline them I just don't that's not the game I feel like playing.
Yeah see I get Grand Theft Auto 4 invites when I'm not playing it and Nellie's playing
like Zuma or Bejeweled so you know but usually then I'll be smart and I'll make it look like
I'm offline so.
Nice.
You know.
I don't know.
Alright.
Uh but I do certain random things will happen like uh I got into a random Uno game the other
night with some All Games people and we had a we had a good time Bobby got in on it too
it was fun.
I'm going you know Grand Theft Auto games every now and then you know I just haven't
lately.
Right.
Like right now it's all about Braid right now and Geometry Wars which sadly are not
multiplayer so uh may if you catch me in a good mood I can do Soul Calibur 4 if you catch
me in a Soul Calibur mood anyhow sorry uh was that it for mailbag?
I think it was.
I just yeah.
Alright so send us more mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com SSG100Matt in chat says dear Microsoft expand
the friends list count.
K thanks.
I agree.
Uh Loki next story.
Well uh I don't know if this is like you know important or anything but G4 has announced
the winners of the G4ia 2008 awards which were voted on by the fans who cares?
And here are the winners.
Game of the year Halo 3.
Why no love for Grand Theft Auto 4 seriously?
Favorite system Xbox 360.
Best graphics.
Metal Gear Solid 4.
Best new character Niko Bellic from Grand Theft Auto 4.
Best party game Rock Band.
Best strategy game Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution.
Best sports game Skate.
Best action game Grand Theft Auto 4.
Best shooter Call of Duty 4.
Best racing game Mario Kart Wii.
Best role playing game Mass Effect.
Most original Portal.
Best online multiplayer game Call of Duty 4.
Best downloaded content Rock Band.
Best handheld game God of War Chains of Olympus.
Best voice acting Metal Gear Solid 4.
Best soundtrack Rock Band.
Most deserving of an Ooey Bowl movie, Turok.
And longest lasting game presented by Stride, Grand Theft Auto 4.
And then the awards were over!
I just saved you about 3 hours or 2 hours or however long this damn ceremony goes.
JV Mon says Grand Theft Auto 4 kinda sucked.
He's in the minority but Niko is the best video game character in a long time.
It's not that Grand Theft Auto was like super duper awesome I mean cause it was pretty awesome
but Halo 3 wasn't that awesome let me put it that way I don't know it wasn't groundbreaking
I think.
Yeah Halo 3 wasn't quite the like the Halo 2 was.
Halo 3 new paint job.
I've mentioned this before and this is seriously like I know a lot of people call this the
cop out thing but there's a certain X factor the games need to be graded on a little bit.
You know like I said earlier like Space Giraffe kinda just was missing that uh the Tempest
2000 hat and it's hard to put your finger on what that is but it's like the X factor
you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And that's the same thing with Halo 3 it was just missing that something.
The most descriptive game review you'll ever get in your life uh anyhow chad.orangelandrater.com
if you want to comment on that uh meanwhile hey the long time chatters will love this
an Eye of Judgment tournament who knew that game was still going on actually apparently
it's got its fans they are actually going to be doing a world championships over the
playstation network on August 14th so uh get your playstation eyes hooked up and get ready
to go with your uh official booster packs cause I know you didn't copy cards or nothing.
It's pretty cool it's uh officially happening on the playstation network on August 14th.
You can actually duel uh the creator of Eye of Judgment from Japan Studio if you uh are
so lucky to in this game.
I don't know if they're actually doing like a tournament style thing or if this is one
of those hey why doesn't everybody play this game online at the same time so there's lots
of people playing.
I don't know exactly what it is but uh sounds like it could be interesting.
So there you have it play some Eye of Judgment on August 14th if you actually have it.
Well even so you've got more incentive to be able to uh play Eye of Judgment and this
is great news for Loki although it's probably not going to help at all.
The Circuit City has um Eye of Judgment and the playstation eye for uh $40.
It's on sale.
And Walmart has it for $30.
Well it's time to go buy those things off the shelves let's start moving them.
I think I might actually go pick up one.
There you go that's one in a million only $999,999 more to go.
If it's at Walmart for $30 hell yeah I'll get it just to have the webcam.
It's a good price for the uh playstation eye cause I think the playstation eye buy it sells
like $39.99.
Yeah that's actually really I even I would pick it up just because someday I'll probably
get a playstation through.
I might pick it up to burn it.
Well I'd pick it up to have the webcam cause you can use the webcam on your PC and it's
better than the webcam I have now.
I don't use my webcam for anything other than taking random pictures but you know.
The webcam we use for OLR's just in TV is an actual video camera at this point.
But we used to use an eye right?
We used to use an eyesight.
That was it.
That's what we used to use.
And then it broke cause I dropped it on the ground.
Before that we used to use an eye toy.
We did for a little while use an eye toy that oh man that was back in the day.
Good times.
So uh lots of Eye of Judgment news around aren't you excited Loki?
I was the one that posted the story so.
They're desperate.
I'm well aware of what's going on in the Eye of Judgment world or the lack thereof of what's
going on in the Eye of Judgment world.
Well something that's about as ridiculous as playing a card game over your PS3.
How about installing Windows Vista on your PS3?
Yeah well you can do it.
That doesn't really mean it's going to work well.
Basically the guy installed a version of Linux on his other partition of his hard drive.
And in Linux emulated Windows Vista.
And well it takes 25 minutes to boot and 5 minutes to access the start menu and about
12 minutes to open Notepad.
12 minutes to open Notepad?
12 minutes to open Notepad.
Power up the cell processor.
Wow.
No but seriously though I mean you're emulating an operating system within an operating system.
Within an operating system basically.
Misty says my thoughts exactly in chat.
She says ew it's bad enough on PC.
And to be honest Windows Vista just runs like that so you know really stick with Linux.
There you have it.
Or Minty.
I almost said Misty Linux.
I bet you'd be excited.
Or Minty Linux.
Well I don't know if you can install Minty Linux on a PS3.
I think it only takes Yellow Dog or something like that.
How about Misty Linux?
Would that be like a OLR based Linux system?
Misty Linux?
Misty Linux.
Instead of Minty Linux.
It's like emo Linux.
You know.
Oh my eyes are Misty.
No no.
Like our listener Misty.
Not like.
Oh forget it.
Yeah I know Misty.
Our listener.
Forget it.
I got that.
I understood that.
I was taking the joke further.
But she's Misty after the Pokemon girl with pigtails.
Remember back in the day?
Forget it.
Yeah back in the day when I played Pokemon.
Let me think back to that day.
It doesn't exist.
I hate you.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
But I will like you a whole lot Loki if you get this for me.
It's Little Big Planet.
Of course you'd have to buy me a PS3 as well.
So get working on that.
Little Big Planet.
If you actually pre-order this game it was revealed by the official US PlayStation blog
that apparently there are five separate pre-order bonuses that you can get in North America.
It all depends on where you're going to reserve the game.
They haven't said where you reserve it will get you what prize just yet.
But one of them is a Kratos Sackboy.
That's Kratos from God of War.
This little Sackboy which is one of the ugliest fucking looking things I've ever seen in my
life.
I think you get all five if you pre-order.
But that's a lot though.
There's a Sackgirl for Nariko from Heavenly Sword.
There's Little Big Pouch, a burlap sack that can fit a...
That's awesome.
I'm going to pre-order a game and get a burlap sack.
That's rad.
A Little Big Sticker Book which is a sticker book.
And the official Little Big Planet Creator Guide by Brady Games, but only the mini guide.
It's the little guide for the little game.
So I wouldn't think you would get...
I think it's kind of cute.
That is ugly.
I bet the Nariko ones better.
Oh, I think it's cute.
To be honest...
It looks like a poop.
To be honest, I am nice.
No, it's good.
Your butt looks like a poop.
Well, thank you.
I'm not really too excited about the God of War and Heavenly Sword, so...
I was looking at the one for the Heavenly Sword one is actually...
Okay, the burlap sack is like a zipper pouch.
It's cute.
I would get the Little Big Pouch or the Nariko if it doesn't look as hideous as the Kratos
one.
Oh, so cute.
The Heavenly Sword one is really cute.
She looks like a Fraggle.
Well, you...
Now, Fraggles are rad.
Do they have a Fraggle Rock video game?
Dude, they should.
Loki, do they have a Fraggle Rock video game?
Maybe on like the ColecoVision or something like that.
Okay, they need a new Fraggle Rock game.
Well, you can wait for the remake of the Fraggle Rock, or especially a Fraggle Rock movie.
They're gonna do a remake, I guess, of it or something, and then there'll be a video
game coming out for it.
As long as it doesn't suck.
Right, DarkSakura?
If it sucks, then it sucks.
It's gonna be a remake of a series that a lot of people have forgotten about.
I'm sure it's gonna suck.
No one can forget about Fraggle Rock.
Not while I'm around.
Ever.
Ever.
Well, this is something that no one will ever be able to forget once they've heard of it,
is there's a shooter series that stars heavily-muscled men wearing Speedos, and it's called...
It's the Cho-Aniki games, and there is going to be a new Cho-Aniki game on PSP.
Now, that's a series that needs to make a comeback.
Zero Cho-Aniki, which is a remake of the original Cho-Aniki.
And it's funny, the screen capture that I'm looking at looks like they're fighting a very
muscular version of Jack, like Jack in the Box, you know, because he's got the pointy
nose and the eyes.
The big balloon head.
I know!
But he's like, uber muscled, and he's got like a little thingy over his, you know, pee-pee.
Did they wuss out on the subtle gay porn hints, though?
I don't think so at all.
But, you know what, I told my husband in no uncertain terms that I'm importing zero Cho-Aniki.
And you should also tell him that you're going to make him buy it.
I don't know, I told him.
Nice.
Also, my friend who introduced me to Linux Mint says no Mint on PS3 as of yet, sorry.
Darn.
I had to spread that on air.
Hard, hard, hard, hard, hard.
That's alright.
Game Guru says, also, why, why Cho-Aniki, why?
Because Cho-Aniki is cool!
And Game Guru would also like to point out that the Fragglerock redo is coming from Jim
Hansen and Disney.
So hopefully that's a good sign.
It's coming from beyond the grave.
Exactly.
Thank God.
So there's a couple neat, I guess, mods that have come out for the PSP.
The first is actually someone that has basically put a cell phone inside of a PSP, where the
UMD drive goes.
And so now it's a PSP phone.
Awesome.
It kind of looks retarded.
But hey, it's a phone and it's a PSP.
Something a little bit more functional, though.
Is there anything this device can't do?
Something a little bit more functional, though, another modder has incorporated a touchscreen
to the PSP.
That a little bit better, I would say.
And that project now is called the Touchscreen Project for the PSP.
It's on a website called pspzproject.dcemu.co.uk.
Dude, DCEMU, I remember that site.
That was...
My Dreamcast got more action from that website than any game.
Exactly.
Remember, was it Feed a Fury?
Heck yeah.
So yeah, it's interesting.
Basically he's allowed it to, I guess, have better battery life somehow.
They've redesigned the control pad and some other crap.
And he's working on a keyboard application for it.
I don't know, I think that's pretty neat.
It would be kind of cool to have a touchscreen on the PSP, because for the love of God, typing
on that thing sucks.
Alright, so wow, we've had Wii hacks and now PSP hacks.
The hackers sure are busy.
We're going to end tonight, before we go to the Skype line, with a story that I know is
going to surprise you guys, it's going to knock the socks off of you.
You're never going to believe it.
But brace yourselves, Grand Theft Auto 4 is coming to the PC, y'all.
What?
Shock, huh?
I never would have guessed.
That is unheard of.
I never would have guessed, based on the 50 leaks that came out earlier.
Well, Rockstar finally admitting it, saying, quote, we are very excited to be releasing
the PC version of Grand Theft Auto 4.
The whole team is dedicated to bringing an amazing gaming experience to the PC.
The game looks and plays beautifully on PC, and we can't wait for people to play it.
It is coming out November 18th in North America, November 21st in Europe.
There is a reason why this is following a story about hacking.
Oh, yeah.
That is all I'm going to say.
That is all I'm going to say.
Have fun.
Just in time for Christmas for the hacking community.
Oh, my god.
It's going to be so awesome.
The other thing, too, what's kind of cool about it, though, is they do have some expanded
multiplayer options in there as well.
No word on what that is exactly, but there are going to be some new multiplayer features.
Not that it would matter anyways, because people would add it anyways and recreate all
new cities and all sorts of mods.
I cannot wait.
Can't wait.
Awesome.
We're going to open up the Skype line now for your calls.
Orange Launch Radio is our username on Skype, or if you're feeling so inclined, you can
pick up the phone.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the toll-free number in the US and Canada.
Unfortunately, if you're overseas, you're going to want to stick to Skype.
We're not going to pay your phone bill, kids.
So 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, is Orange Launch Radio.
We're going to move into some last-minute stories.
I'll start tonight, and I'm not using a source or anything for this, but it's something when
I was listening to Bobby's show, I heard him mention it, and I realized we neglected to
put it on our own show roll.
Believe it or not, GameTap apparently has gone under.
Did you guys hear this?
GameTap actually went under this week.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I got sold.
I'm sorry.
It didn't implode or go under.
It closed completely.
No, no, no.
It's being sold as a property out of Turner.
So sorry if I misrepresented that, which is good that apparently the stream went down
right at that moment that I said that.
Did it?
Yeah.
It's back up now, but we had a weird hiccup in the connection.
I was about like, oh.
But anyway, yeah, because the chat room is going crazy.
But anyway, oh shoot, Justin TV caught me saying it.
But yeah, no.
Turner sold it off, or is looking to sell it off apparently.
So we'll see.
Any other last-minute stories while we wait for some calls?
Again, since the stream went dead, 1877 GameoLR, the Skype line is open.
Or username on Skype.
You want to hear something funny?
What, Loki?
Okay, anyways, I was reading up a little bit more on that Mushroom Kingdom fusion.
They've got a bunch of different levels.
They have the Mushroom Kingdom, Alternate Earth, Mega Man's Realm, the Demon Realm,
which is based on Doom games, Genneta, Shoot Em Up's domain, Realm of the Nintendo, Sonic
Universe, Halo Ring World, Twisted Reality, and Minus World.
But in the Demon World, the boss is Loki.
How appropriate.
Let's go to the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the legend, Zaku.
What's up?
Hey, Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Long time, no talk.
Just random things.
Let me see.
The fact.
I'm just trying to find some stuff.
Yeah, that whole Mad Knight, which apparently is affecting me and others.
How does Mad Knight affect you?
Well, my, you know, my thugnificent little brother, who plays it out of spite of the
fact that he's all full of the whole hip hop thing, he just plays it because he knows how
to make money off of it.
How exactly do you make money off of Madden?
Through League, through League play.
Are you talking online currency, or are you talking about some type of shady, oh, okay.
Real money.
Real money through Madden.
Yes.
Through League.
He did that through NBA Live recently.
He and a bunch of other players basically did it through MLG and something like that.
I never realized there was this whole underground betting activity going on on Madden and video
games.
Oh, yeah.
It's what you think with Madden and all those others.
Is your brother making off this?
Well, actually, the team that he's in, he hasn't told me any specifics, but he did make
a lot, but most of the money is going to the team.
What does the team buy, shirts or a whole lot of pot?
No, just to pay off their players, I guess.
I don't get it, so then your brother is making money if he's paying off the players?
Well, he's actually in the League, so he's actually making money, you know, the earnings
are split pretty much amongst all the other players in his team.
So if I get good at Madden, which will never happen, if I get good at Madden, I could make
money off of it on this whole underground gambling circuit?
Yes, you could.
They do hold those things from what I hear.
They hold them and they pretty much hold the underground Madden sessions where they bet
big dollars for each game.
Underground Madden?
Is it like a rave where a bus comes to pick you up to take you to an unmarked building?
No, it's just at the private meetups, just like, you know, at people's houses where they
just like, you know, they play Madden for money, which is kind of, you know, I mean,
I can't imagine, you know, any other game, maybe DDR, unless, you know, you put money
on...
Well, I don't see an underground DDR betting circle starting anytime soon.
I mean, it could happen, think about it, you could basically put money on the number of
greats you get, you know, per song, like the less number of greats, you know...
If there's money to gamble, someone's going to gamble it.
We live in a risk-taking world, I suppose.
God, I don't know why I find this so fascinating, but I do, it's like, I want to see a documentary
done on this shit.
Uh, Zaku, okay, I'll try to get back on top of you, anything else you want to comment
on on tonight's show?
Any of the other stories?
Um, besides digital life being held next month, coinciding with an anime convention also being
held in the same place, that's pretty much it, you know, next month, digital life, $3,000.
What are you most looking forward to about digital life?
I know there was a little bit of disappointment all around last year, what are you looking
for them to most improve, what are you looking forward to this year?
I have no idea, I just want to, I don't know, if there's, if they have more, you know, they
have more like game, you know, game developers showing up instead of all this other like
marketing crap, I mean, besides all the schwag that you get for free, you know, you could
use a, could use a few more games, like in 06, which was really good, they had like the
Wii and everything, you know, before it came out.
Alright, alright, well, Zaku, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls, but
thanks for calling in, and uh, um, good luck to your brother, hope he can make your family
a lot of money.
Yeah, I hope so too, maybe, I don't know.
Maybe you can ask for a loan.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Bye.
Get a loan out to get some of that DDR crack or something, that's, maybe, maybe if he wins
enough money, he can get a 2DX machine for the house, what do you think?
Sounds good, huh?
Would you, would you ever bet on a video game real money?
I'm like, I'm, I love gambling, but it ends at like slot machines, nickel size at the
casino.
Rob, I don't play the lottery.
Isn't it, but isn't it fascinating?
The only closest I've ever done to it is a lottery pool at work, where I was only out
$2.
Isn't that fascinating, though, that there's this whole like betting on Madden circuit?
I think it's freaking sad.
It is in a way, but it's, it's...
I don't think gambling is fun.
I don't like to give up money where I know it can go towards something useful.
Like one or two dollars, that's nothing.
I can, I'll every so often do like a dollar card at the gas station, but I wouldn't put
up anything more than $5.
For me, I, I'm willing to raise the stakes a little bit, like $20.
Most I think I've ever gambled in a night, it's like $60.
And I go, well, $60 is what I might spend on a video game or spend, you know, but I
always set a limit.
I don't take my ATM card into those places because it's dangerous.
You go in with a set amount of money and you don't expect to walk out with it.
And then you're okay.
Anyway, not that I should be endorsing gambling.
But once in a while, it's not gonna, it's okay.
You don't, you, people know their tolerance is the best for themselves.
So the Skylines are open, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
The username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio, while we wait to see if we get any more calls.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us otherwise?
I'm still reading more of that wiki.
Actually, there's one thing here that's kind of funny.
On Machima.com, they have a video for, you know how they have all those meet the, you
know, classes of characters in Team Fortress 2?
Well, they have meet the cow.
I guess it's some cardboard cow or some wood cutout cow that's in Team Fortress 2 and it's
pretty funny.
All right.
We have another call.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who is this?
This is the one from Sweden.
Our Swedish friend.
I was hoping you'd call tonight with all the ABBA references we were making earlier in
the show.
No, I'm just, I'm...
What's that?
It wasn't about that, though, but, well, hell.
That's all right.
I'm just messing with you.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I, well, the system specs for Age of Reckoning.
Warhammer has been, finally been released.
I don't know if you actually did mention it, but, well, it has been released.
Tell us a little bit about it.
The system specs for Warhammer Online has been released, which is a basic single core
Tenseum 4, 2.4, and mostly, like, a gig of RAM, if you run AXP or Vista, and if you're
running Vista, you need two.
Other than that, you need an average modern video card, and that's, you're ready to go.
That sounds like most anyone can run this, if you have a modern PC.
Yeah.
Since they're aiming for, aiming for, basically, the WoW, the WoW scale of players, even though
I'm quite a bit surprised, since, at least in my case, I'm running really on a, as current
state, unfortunately, a big, low generation 7 Geforce card, and that one isn't supported.
And the funny thing is that mostly low, mostly low ATI cards are supported, but the Nvidia
ones are not.
Here's the weird thing, you said that this game is out there, it's gonna be a potential
challenger to WoW as a lot of games have been claiming to be lately, but when your specs
are so high, you know, relatively high, I think, you know, the thing about WoW, it runs
on pretty crappy systems, and Max, where you don't even have a whole lot of games, WoW,
Blizzard's always been about having the games on both, so how much of a dent can they really
make?
Nah.
I don't know.
It'll take some people away, you know what, there'll be little bits and pieces that'll
take people away from WoW.
For instance, Dark Soccer and I both agree, the day Star Trek Online comes out, which
we saw some information about today, and we're watching the trailers, bye bye WoW, for a
little while at least.
But I'm not quitting Ragnarok.
All the cool kids are quitting their games.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Pardon me, but I'm not that big a fan of Star Trek Geek, so I can't really say anything.
The only space science fiction MMO I played for a while was EVE Online, which, wow, is
sort of fun, even though, if you really ought to break it down on EVE, just on the EVE
front is Biff Gear's big Excel spreadsheet, so...
Awesome.
Bobby Blackwolf says in chat right now, I want to join Rob's fleet in Star Trek Online.
Dude, I'm gonna have a fleet.
That's gonna be great.
Anyway, I want to be Captain Sassy Pants.
Anyway.
It's gonna be awesome.
Captain Sassy Pants of the U.S.S.O.L.R.
Anyway, I'm sorry, we're getting off track, I know you didn't want to talk about Star
Trek because you're not that big a geek.
But go ahead.
Go ahead.
Finish your thought, because we're gonna get going.
Other than that, I've been, had the opportunity to try out Age of Conan, and, well, I'm not
that impressed, really.
You didn't cyber with anyone in the game, did you?
No, I didn't.
No, I didn't.
Good.
Good.
It sounds like you didn't think it was too high.
What did you not enjoy about it?
What turned you off?
It's really the combat system that it's, well, it's, we, ugh.
Or maybe just, I need to learn to play, really, but, well.
The combat system wasn't saved by the fact that you could lob people's heads off?
No, I didn't lob any heads off, I think, no.
But it might be also due to the following fact that I'm running, really, my computer
that I'm running Age of Conan on is really a lowest possible you can run on.
Out of curiosity, just to try and wrap things up, and I gotta wrap up the call, but, you
know, we talk about all these computer parts and high-end stuff.
You live in Sweden, and, you know, not that Sweden's like a third-world country by any
means.
I mean, obviously, it's a big part of, you know, the whole cluster of countries over
there on the other side of the pond, but do you get a lot of the high-end stuff as we
get it here?
Or do you find that you guys lag behind a little bit?
No, we don't lag behind at all.
It's just me that's not, that don't have the possibility to dish out to...
No, I know, we're poor here, too, I'm poor, but, well, I am gonna probably dish out the
money because I did a second job recently, but that's alright.
Yeah, well, if you have the opportunity, you can, it's really easy to dish out a few bucks,
so you can get a respectable gaming system, so it's no problem at all.
Alright.
Well, hey, we gotta let you go, buddy, we're running out of time, but thanks so much for
your call, as always, and letting us know how the weather is on the other side of the
pond.
Oh, well.
We appreciate it.
Take care, buddy.
Take care, buddy.
We're gonna go ahead and close up the Skype line and take any of the last minute stories
we have here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We have something else we're trying to get to live tonight, just for the live folks on
AllGames.com, so, anything else you guys have tonight?
I wish I could read German.
Why, is there a good German story in the works?
No, I'm finding out Linux install stuff, but the file I found was in German.
You're gonna become a Linux nerd by next week.
Loki, any other final thought, or, I'm sorry, any last minute stories?
No, but I finally got that Super Mario Kingdom, Mushroom Kingdom Fusion thing to run.
It takes about, like, 15 minutes to load, but it's supposedly worth it.
Jeez, Louise.
All right.
We're gonna do it, we're gonna wrap up the show, we're gonna go around and get everybody's
final thoughts.
So, Loki, we'll start with you, your final thought.
I can't wait to play this game.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Dude, we are so going to see Journey, Heart, and Cheap Trick.
That's freaking awesome.
And my final thought is, I want to quote a Journey song, but not Don't Stop Believin'.
When the lights go down in the city.
When the lights go down.
All right, that'll work.
All right, have a good one, you guys.
Thanks so much for tuning in to us and supporting Independent Podcasting.
You know what, we wouldn't be here without your guys' support.
Again, all we ask if you like our show, tell a couple friends about the show, leave us
some positive reviews out there on the internet on your favorite podcasting website like iTunes
or Dig or what have you.
Help us spread the word because we're pretty stretched for resources here at Orange Launch
Radio.
Sadly, there will be no live show next week.
We're hoping to have something taped for you guys.
Stay tuned to OrangeLaunchRadio.com for the details and don't worry, if you're saddened
by the lack of shows here in August, PAX is going to more than make up for it because
we will be bringing you something not only every day ourselves, but we'll be bringing
you something with AllGames.com.
It is going to be just information freaking overload.
It's later this month, Labor Day weekend here on Orange Launch Radio.
Yay!
Have a good one, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Launch Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.AllGames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
