George, Lounge, Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco
Tonight, August 3rd, 2008
Will Nintendo's latest move in court stop DS piracy?
Is Jet Set Radio making a comeback on the Wii?
And rumors abound about the Xbox 360 getting a price cut next month
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gamer culture and the gamer lifestyle
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
Roar, roar, beware I hunger
No I'm not hunger
I'm full of tasty epic salad
So then we should not beware
We should beware
Beware of what?
Angst?
See it's even worse if I don't tell you what to beware of because then you're just like extra
I see then you're scary, you're like Silent Hill scary
Alright say hello as well to the one and only tech master, Loki
Hello
How you doing, Loki?
Good
Alright and I see you're drinking a milkshake right now
Yes it's one of those diet milkshakes from Jack in the Box
Wait it's a diet milkshake?
You know the milkshake diet, what they're not all like that?
No I don't think a milkshake is a part of a good diet so
Actually milkshakes can be very good for you if you do them right
Well I doubt Jack in the Box does them the healthy way, call it a hunch
Make them with no sugar added ice cream and protein powder and low fat milk
Then it's only half bad
It's very healthy, give good dairy
I just finished my nutrition class
Orange Lounge Foodio everybody, welcome to it
Anyhow let's talk about games and we always start off the show with a little bit of how was your gaming week
First though let me introduce the one and only chat room
chat.orangelaungeradio.com is the place to be if you're listening live on this Sunday evening August 3rd of 2008
For our 290th show if you can believe it
And old episodes of Orange Lounge Radio kind of back in the spotlight
I'll talk a little bit about that as we move on
But first we gotta talk about our gaming weeks, the types of games you've been playing
Dark soccer as always, start us off
We have Soul Calibur IV now
And I'm going to sit down and make characters tomorrow
I haven't had a chance to actually play it yet but we have it
Have you been watching it at all?
Ready? Yes?
Rob, this has been the last week of class
It's a fair question, yes or no?
No, this has been the last week of class for me so I actually took my final on Saturday morning and then played
I took a hooky day though
What did you do with hooky day?
Watched movies
But you didn't play Soul Calibur fail
No I didn't
I'm just kidding
But but but but but I did play some Portal
And how was that?
Portal-rific!
Alright
And of course Ragnarok
Ragnarok
I have a story just for you later tonight
I downloaded a game for my phone, I downloaded a Sudoku game
I've been playing Sudoku on my phone
Why?
How bored have you been on a scale of one to ten?
It's actually kind of fun
Keep in mind you can only use each number once
It's actually kind of fun
Just for something when you've got three minutes to kill and
Sudoku is a huge time waster
But like that's it, it's a time waster
If you're looking to waste time you know at least try to put your brain to work right?
I guess that's what most any game's for right?
I don't know
Alright
Well what about the show?
Hey wait a minute
Alright
Is that it for your gaming week?
Yes Rob
Tech Master Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um
I didn't play any of my games this week actually
I only played Grand Theft Auto IV
I meant to play a bunch of stuff this week but never got around to it
Grand Theft Auto IV and um
The Shit Game but we'll talk about that later
The Shit Game huh?
Yes
Now this isn't a game that is just shitty
It's actually The Shit Game
The Shit Game
Is it The Shit?
No it's Shitty
Okay
But it's so fun
Alright
It's so much fun
I wish it was longer
Alright
Well god I feel like I'm the only one that's actually played a lot of games this week
I have played quite a few games
I played Soul Calibur IV on the Xbox 360
Ran out and bought it the day it came out
I don't have a Playstation 3 so I had to get it on Xbox 360
I'm really enjoying the game
I'm having a lot of fun with it especially in single player mode
I love create a character mode
Granted I had fun with it in Soul Calibur III
But I don't know I like in this one getting to kind of edit the characters that are already there
Getting to you know make characters based off of the existing fighting styles
Because I'll tell you what it's really funny to have this chick with a giant afro
Doing Young Sung's move where she does the splits and everything
It's really funny to me
The only thing that kind of stinks is that you can't have the bonus characters
Yoda and Starkiller you can't use them or the apprentice as he's called in the game
Which makes them sound like a Donald Trump flunky
But Starkiller from The Force Unleashed
You can't customize characters based off of them which sucks
Because I would have loved to have made a
I can understand Yoda
Because you know it's kind of hard to base characters off Yoda
Unless you're going to have midget fighters
Which would be an awesome fighting game by the way
I was just thinking that you should totally make your Final Fantasy XI character
Lil' Kim in Soul Calibur
I could but only if I could do Yoda because she was very tiny
That's what I was going to say
I mean if you could do the midget size
Well I made Sassy Pants my Warcraft character
I made her based off of Young Sung
She's the chick with the giant afro and she's quite sassy
And very cool
And I also made a male guy based off of
He kind of looks like Robin from the old school
Because he has the little mask and very vibrant colors
But he's based off of Tyra
Who's the hula hoop girl
But I gave him a very very manly voice
So as he's like dancing around with the little hula hoop thing
He's like
You can kiss my ass
Things like that or whatever he's saying
It's really funny
I love customization modes, it's great
That's the only reason why I would play wrestling games
To make my own character
So it's great
I had a lot of fun with customization
And online mode plays like fun
I played DMN from understation live
On Saturday nights at all games radio
I was playing DMN one night
I played him as Sassy Pants
Because you can use your custom characters online
That's so great
What the hell is this
Of course he was Yoda
Because everybody online is playing Yoda
He's like what the hell
So it was fun
And for the record, I beat his ass
But no, we had a lot of fun playing Soul Calibur
Here's the things I don't like about Soul Calibur
I actually like the Star Wars characters
I don't know why people are so like
Uh, they throw things off balance
I've never been that hardcore into Soul Calibur
So I don't study the game mechanics or the science
I think it's fun
Deal, I especially think
Starkiller is a great, great character
I love playing as him
So he's awesome to get in the game
By the way, if you want to unlock him
You have to beat arcade mode with Yoda
Or I imagine Vader on the 360
So there you have it
I think he's a great addition
On the PS3
So I like playing as him
I like the new characters
What I don't like, I don't like the single player modes
Story mode is very, very short
It doesn't need to go on forever
But climbing the tower up and down mode
Which is basically just an excuse
To fight
Like five people all at once
In a row
And unlock things that you have no idea
What the conditions are to unlock them
Until you actually do it
Then it'll go, oh, you made it through a whole match without getting hit
That was the surprise, to unlock something
Ta-da, you get a new bra for using
Custom character mode
I mean, that's literally what it is
I am hearing, and I do see it a little bit
That some of the game mechanics
Of some of the old characters
Kind of got screwed up a little bit
Like for instance, Shaoran
Says Talim got slightly less hot
Between two and three
And she plays a little different too
And Ivy, I noticed especially, plays different
It's hard to explain
But some characters I still have a lot of fun with
I want to make a character
I love him, he's awesome
I want to make one that's more foul than Voldo
Here's the other interesting thing about the Soul Calibur
The online content
Some of it is available and you can download
For just 100 Microsoft points
You can get some extra customization
Which is basically like old
Costumes
And the cool thing is you can actually customize the existing characters
Like change the colors of their outfits and stuff
So that's kind of neat
It is pay to unlock content though
Because it's only like 100 kilobytes
But it's only 100 points, that's not the end of the world
But here's what I thought was a little weird
You can also download extra
Songs for use in stages
From the old Soul Calibur games
So pretty much there's 12 songs
From the old Soul Calibur games all available
At 100 points a pop
Practically, or maybe even it was like 120
But you can get the pack of all of them for like 1200
I apologize if I'm misappropriating those points
But I think it was 80 points per song
But you can get, maybe it was more like 16 or something
Because you can get it for like 1200 points
You can get them all
Which I think is a little silly
You know, why not
Xbox supports custom soundtracks
Why don't I like get the Soul Calibur soundtrack
Through methods online
Burn it to a CD, rip it to my Xbox
Ta-da! Custom soundtracks of the old music
So, a little bit weak
So, yeah
The cons would be single player mode
But the pros would be customization
I think the Star Wars characters are a good thing
Despite what people say
They're not, they're just like
Link being in Soul Calibur 2 on the GameCube and Spawn
There's something different
You don't have to play with them
But expect to see a lot of them online
And online mode is nice
Other games I've been playing this week
Geometry Wars Retro Evolved 2
On the Xbox 360
Which I would say
Is the best game on Xbox Live Arcade right now
I think it's great
And it's a
Even though they upped the price from $5 to $10
I think it's a heck of a deal
Because you get the six different modes in the game
Pacifism mode
So much, like, that mode is fun
And it's weird because you don't even shoot
In that mode, you just fly around the screen
Dodging enemies
But it's so disgustingly simple
Like the old Atari 2600 games
And the old 80's games
That was just, you know, shoot things
Don't get hit, that's it, it's so simple
That's one of the reasons I think I love Geometry Wars
Is it really kind of
Kind of, I don't know, kind of
Recalls those days of the past
These very simple video games
And you practically have like six different games in a way
Kind of in there
And I really like the way they've incorporated the leaderboard into the game
They've basically made the game all about
Beating your friends
The achievements are interesting
They're a lot easier to get than they were in Geometry Wars 1
But like, you know, for instance
There's these two achievements, Wax On and Wax Off
And you do it in Pacifism mode
And the Wax On is
Circling around the screen
Touching every wall
But as you start to do it
Then the game realizes you're going through the achievement
And it starts lighting up the wall
On how much of it you've circled
And then Wax Off is doing the same thing twice
Which is kind of hard to do when Pacifism mode
Gets going
So I was pretty impressed by how they
Kind of worked in the achievements
I like that they made it very competitive with a friend's leaderboard
And I got to try multiplayer
Which sadly is not on
Xbox Live because we all know that's what they're going to do
For Retro Evolve 3, I'm sure
To make that fresh
But with Retro Evolve 2 you can play at least in the same house
Multiplayer, which is a surprising amount of fun
Again, if you like old classic arcade games
With excellent graphics
I think the graphics are so great
They're really a step up from
Geometry Wars 1
Where it really has that kind of
Neon glow to the graphics
It really looks like you're playing a freaking
Vetrex or something
I think it's great
I highly recommend Geometry Wars 2
If you even like shooters in the slightest
It's a great deal at $10
I know the price went up, but you get six different games now
It's worth it
Check it out, highly, highly recommend
Besides Final Fantasy 4
And Warcraft and the usual affair
That's pretty much it for my gaming week
But those two are the new, new games I've been playing
Looking at comments in the chat room
GS68 says
Geometry Wars Retro Evolve 2 sequence mode
Is reminding me of GigaWing
Son of Dad says GigaWing should be
On Xbox Live Arcade along with Mars Matrix
As if
There weren't enough shooters on Xbox Live Arcade
Mars Matrix was a cool game though
I don't know much about that, you're going to have to
I've got it somewhere
I'll have to hook up the Dreamcast
Alright, you'll have to do that
Anyhow, let's talk about a little bit
Of housekeeping tonight
First off in housekeeping
It is All Games Listener Appreciation
Month
During All Games Listener Appreciation Month
We're going to be giving away free shit
To our listeners, here's the thing
You're going to win tokens this month
That will allow you to basically
Kind of enter a larger contest
Going on at AllGames.com
Where you can win prizes, they're talking about giving away
Like game systems and games
It's huge, all you have to do is listen
We're going to be giving away three tokens redeemable
For various prizes, we'll have more details
On that next week, but definitely stay tuned
For All Games Listener Appreciation Month
You must be a forum member
At AllGames.com to play
So if you haven't already checked out the forums
At AllGames.com, you should be
AllGames.com, look at the forums, sign up for them
Be ready to win, free shit
Sadly
We will not be live in two weeks
Since this is housekeeping, there will be
No live show, Sunday
August 17th, this is the first time actually
The folks in the studio are hearing about this too
Surprise, Loki
I heard about it earlier
That's because I was
Looking to win, but Loki ran through the door
At the last minute and I neglected to tell him
Last minute, but like a half an hour
I forgot, I forgot
Here's the thing
I don't talk about my personal life too much
But this is too funny to pass up
I've been seeing William for a year and a half now
The thing about William and I is that we're both
Really big nerds
We actually spent our first anniversary
We actually drove down to Long Beach and went to the
Star Trek tour at the Queen Mary
That's how big nerds we are
Well here's the thing, we've always talked about
How we're going to go to the Star Trek experience
Because I haven't been since I was like 20
Like right before I started working at my
Current job, so it was about 7 years ago
So it was a long time ago when I was last at the
Star Trek experience, and we keep talking about how
We're going to go back, we're going to go back because I've never ridden the Borg
4D ride, well then I read
On the internet last night
They are shutting down the Star Trek experience
On September 1st, which is so
Sad, like, I don't know
Why they would shut that down, it's so cool
So it really lit a fire
Under our ass to go to the Star Trek
Experience before it closes, but because
Of Penny Arcade Expo, because of
Some other commitment I have in Reno
In 3 weeks, because of the fact
There's a huge convention in Vegas next week
It really only made sense
We have to go to Vegas in 2 weeks, so
We booked a trip, and we're going to Vegas in 2 weeks
Very last minute trip
Thank you to the various websites
Online, so yes I am a
Giant nerd going to the Star Trek experience
In Vegas in 2 weeks, so there will be a live show
We might pre-tape something, I don't know yet
Nerd. So
What? What was
By the way, for the record folks
The first thing that DarkSakura said
To me, I want to go
I do
I do not want to go
I haven't seen, I haven't
Been on the Borg ride
Bobby Blackwolf says they're shutting it down because Star Trek
Is irrelevant these days, bite your tongue
There's that new movie coming out
That's an awful thing to say, you take that back
You take that back Bobby Blackwolf
Alright
So I'll be in Vegas in 2, yeah
Blackwolf says, I actually tried to see if I could
Get to Vegas this month too
Because I've never seen the Star Trek experience, ha!
Anyhow
So 2 weeks
And we'll fill you in more on what's going to happen that week
I don't know if DarkSakura and Loki are going to do a show
Or if we'll pre-tape something or what we're going to do
So we'll see
I'll just burn things live on air
For the imagination show
Yeah, that'd be great
Or the fuck show, no you can't do the fuck show without me
We can't do the fuck show until we're all here
You can't do it without me
Alright, that's it for pretty much housekeeping
Otherwise, join our MySpace at Orange Launch Radio
Join our Facebook, OL Army, our live journal
Orange Lounge
Where else are we social hoard? Oh, we have a new one
If you check out the Orange Lounge Radio forums
The OL archive has been built
It's this, I don't know
They use SkyDrive
Or some website where you can share
Masses of big files
Because I am a generous, nice, kind, giving person
I actually uploaded
20 old episodes of Orange Lounge Radio
Old, moldy
Stanky episodes
Of Orange Lounge Radio
Episode 20-40 I think are up there on the OL archive
Along with some other old school
Orange Lounge Radio stuff
I'm going to warn you in advance
It was a much different show 5 years ago
Be warned, if you're expecting the same stuff
Here now, it's even worse
If you can believe it
So there you have it, the OL archive
More information available on our forums
Alright, enough whoring ourselves out, let's get to some gaming news
Yes, this week, Nintendo
Along with 54 other developers
Filed a lawsuit against
I don't know
A lawsuit against the makers
Of the R4 device
As well as, I'm assuming they're going to try to
Expand it
Against all the devices out there
Basically trying to make laws passed now
To prevent people
From pirating their games
That's funny
Yeah
Don't you think that'll just make it worse, or what?
Well
Yes, I actually
Because of the news, I went ahead and bought another one
Just to stick it to it
No, just
Cause my wife wanted one
She plays puzzle games
And I don't see
I don't know
Well, let me read this real fast before we talk a little more about this
Cause this is right in the same line with us
Talking about how, you know, you guys are running off and buying one
And all this
Actually, the word is that the R4
Pricing and the sales of them are
Increasing a lot
After this whole lawsuit happened
Apparently, in two days time
The price of an R4 at
Some stores in Japan went from
Just under 3,000 yen
To just under 5,000 yen
From $28 to $55
Literally overnight
The question is, is maybe that what Nintendo was trying to go for
Driving the price of these up
Due to the fear
I don't know, that seems a little counterproductive to me
Cause it makes the demand of them go up in a way
I don't think that's really gonna affect anything
Because people are just buying them really fast
And now they're just figuring, hey, we can cash in on it now
But
I mean, when the demand goes back down, they're just gonna clear out their
Inventory somewhere, and they'll still be sold
You know, somewhere
But, hey, I mean
At least they're taking notice of this, I guess
In a way, though, let's get
Devil's advocate Loki, these devices
Can promote piracy
So why should they be allowed on the market?
Well, because
Guns can kill people, so
You know
It's not the gun killing the people
It's the people killing the people
With the guns
It's just like, these devices, sure, they can
Allow you to pirate games
But it's the people pirating the games that are actually
Pirating the games
Well, I mean, honestly
I don't think that they necessarily should be
Allowed
I mean
But people are gonna do it anyway
You know, it's, I look at it as sort of, you know
The whole, like, the whole
Drug trade
I was just saying, as you were saying,
You know, I think
You know, I think
You know, I think
You know, I think
You know, I think
I was just saying, as you were saying
That I'm almost thinking in my mind
Like, marijuana, you know
A lot of people smoke pot
I personally choose to not smoke pot
That's a personal preference
But it's kind of one of those things that even though it's against the law
A lot of people do it anyway
Well, that's what my thought would be
That Nintendo talk to the developers
And make multi-packs
Of old games
So that, um
You know, say you buy x number of
They can market something like that, or even have their own download service for old games like that.
Like virtual consoles?
Well, I'm talking about for the DS.
Perhaps they're looking at the virtual console and perhaps expanding it to the DS
and going to put a device similar to that to do such a thing anyways,
and they're worried people are going to pirate the virtual console games, which are five to ten bucks a pop.
You know, it's not twenty dollars a pop, but still, that's a lot more games that you can fit on those cartridges
because those things are a few kilobytes versus 32 megs, 42 megs, and stuff like that.
But that may be something that they're worried about.
Or the fact that they're worried that sales are going to dip a lot, like the PSP, because they blame piracy on that.
I blame bad games, but you know.
But piracy, being able to play old Nintendo games on the PSP kind of drove sales in the beginning.
Jamie, I wanted to let you finish your thought before I go to chat comments.
Yes, thank you.
My whole point is that I honestly do think that Nintendo might be looking to market something like that,
and it doesn't really matter because piracy is illegal, that's the end of the story.
If you use something that is non-proprietary that is not sponsored by Nintendo to play copies of their games,
it is technically theft.
So, I don't think they're ever going to be okay, but I think Nintendo might be looking for a way to sort of market the idea for their own benefit.
So I can see why they would want to push it.
Although honestly, Nintendo has had the easiest way to pirate or play imports or anything on their systems.
Because in the past it was just a physical lockout, you adjust a tab and boom, you can play your imports on your Super Nintendo.
You know, there were absolutely no lockouts on the old Game Boys.
You can still play imports on the DS and you can buy those multi-game cartridges for dirt cheap.
So really, the whole problem I think is that Nintendo needs to look at how they're actually allowing it, is how I see it.
They've had to have built in some way because they have not been the best at preventing the piracy from going on.
Let's look at some comments from chat at chat.orangelaunchradio.com because it's your show too here at Orange Launch Radio.
We'd like to hear what you guys have to say.
Blake says, it's the law of software, stopping piracy is impossible no matter how hard you try.
ActDef says, disclaimer, use it for homebrew only as in programs and stuff, don't pirate please.
To which I think this is kind of a good follow up comment.
Joshi16 says, it would be like banning smoking pipes because you can put illegal drugs in it but you can also put tobacco in them.
So it's kind of like how you choose to use it.
Interesting approach.
Dark Tetsuya says, I agree with Loki though, I probably wouldn't risk my DS by using one of those.
If it breaks, I'm screwed.
MissingNo says, I heart the R4.
That's the thing though, it won't hurt your DS at all because it's a device that runs on a cart.
You're not flashing your DS, you're not doing anything to your DS.
AlphaCananagram says, this is bullshit but if they do take down these devices, they need to leave the homebrew only flash carts alone.
TigerClaw says, I wouldn't be surprised if someone made a homebrew up to listen to internet radio on your DS.
GameGuru says, well if Nintendo makes their own R4, that would be cool.
And I love this name too, the original Snake.
Lieutenant Pliskin says, absolutely okay, sure it makes it possible but there are lots of homebrew and other features.
People will always find a way to pirate.
I thought this comment was interesting though.
Hitstun says, I guess I still don't understand how piracy is theft.
I'm not sure if you're being facetious but do keep in mind, you know, people get paid to make games.
Just like people get paid to make movies and paid to write music and what have you.
And when you take it without paying for it, that's less money.
Now granted you get into this whole step, step, step thing about, you know, especially in the record industry.
Well, how much of the money is really going to the artist and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But, you know, regardless, you are taking money out of the system by copying.
Yes, this Dark Knight says, copy kills music.
Remember what Captain Jack always used to say, copy kills music.
Alright, so if you have further comments on this story, mail back at OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Well, in other news, there is an interesting thing in regards to the whole piracy idea.
It was actually stated by David Reeves for Sony Europe that you could download the PS3 films on BitTorrent while you're waiting for the European PSN network.
So, yeah, he's actually saying that we, and this is a quote, we are a PAL market and we are going to do it in PAL and we are going to do it properly.
So, he said that if you want the good quality, then you can, you know, I guess just wait for it or download it like everyone else does.
It's not often you hear people acknowledging. He's an idiot.
I have something I want to say about Sony, which is completely off base, so before I go on tangent, does anyone want to comment on the actual story?
Okay, I saw Casino Royale for the first time last night, which by the way, I forgot how sexy Bond movies are.
Isn't James Bond just a sexy fucking franchise of movies?
I don't know, I haven't watched the last movie.
But just in general, all the way back to the Sean Connery days, Dark Sakura?
If you say so.
Really? I think they're hot.
I like certain movies, I'll put it that way.
This is how it's relevant. They hoard Sony in that movie.
James Bond uses a VAIO, the cell phones were from Sony, like the movie studio to put that out, I'm sure, was Sony Pictures.
I just lolled at the fact how much Sony was hoarded in that movie. It was just kind of fun.
Like, I noticed. Usually, I don't notice those things, but...
And like if we made a movie, we would be putting orange on stuff all over it?
Well, that's different.
We're trying to buy dinner. These people have a lot of money.
Well, they're trying to buy a lot of dinner at the same time.
Alright, forget it. Move on.
Anyways, so, in case you had some hope out there that Final Fantasy XIII Versus was possibly coming to the Xbox 360,
Square says, no it's not. In fact, according to their video that they played during their latest kind of fan event,
I don't even know how you would pronounce this, DKS3713 party.
Anyways, they had the video for Final Fantasy Versus which said, PlayStation 3 only worldwide.
And in small print, fuck you, Xbox 360 fanboys. No, just kidding.
It was not coming out on the 360. Although, I'd be interested to see if that's actually going to be the case
when the 360 version of Final Fantasy XIII comes out and kicks ass sales-wise.
But, we'll see. At least it's exclusive for the meantime.
It gives the fanboys something to hold onto, right?
Sure.
I'm interested in Final Fantasy XIII Versus. If it stays a PlayStation 3 exclusive, I will probably have to pick up the PlayStation 3.
Isn't anyone at all disturbed at the fact that they're releasing like four different Final Fantasy XIII games at the same time?
No, because they've released like seven different Final Fantasy VII games.
Yeah, over the course of like five years or something, but now it's just like, hey, those all sold really well.
Let's make a lot of games all, you know, portioned apart.
And you won't be buying them?
I will be buying every single... No, two of the three. One of which happens to be on, well, one of them that I will not be buying is on the PSP.
But, you know, that's a whole other story we already touched on.
Let's talk about this, though, as far as Final Fantasy XIII is concerned.
The question is when. When is this game going to come out?
The game will be coming out in Japan in 2009. That is confirmed.
It was announced at Squeenix's little get-together thing they had in Japan this past week.
Now, keep in mind that means only the PlayStation 3 version and only in Japan, because they're not going cross-platform over in Japan.
However, it will be out in 2009, and then they're going to start the localization and the port for the Xbox 360,
which probably means we'll see it in 2010, because when they say they're going to get it in 2009, that probably means Christmas of 2009.
But we'll see. We could be pleasantly surprised. Who knows?
All I know, I can't wait to see what the game actually looks like.
We'll see.
Well, in other news related to Squeenix, they actually have a bunch of games that are going to be coming out for the DS in Japan,
and they're calling this new line Pure Dreams.
There are two games that are going to be the first two out. One is Snoopy DS, Let's Go Meet Snoopy and His Friends,
and then Pingu Waku Waku Carnival.
I don't really know much about these games, except one of them is Snoopy, and the other one has a funny name,
but there's no release date for them in anywhere but Japan, and it just says Autumn.
Really, it should be called Fozzie Waka Waka Carnival.
That's Waku.
I know.
Okay.
He was making a bad joke.
That was a really bad joke.
I'm going to throw a tomato at Loki.
At least it's a lot better than, I don't know, a Snoopy game.
Peanuts are still very popular overseas.
Peanuts are still very popular in my house. I love peanuts.
You know what will never stop being awesome? Ever? Snoopy snow cone machines.
Those are the greatest thing ever.
See? I rest my case.
Loki, remember? Remember when we lived together and I bought one?
And it took me like an hour to make a goddamn little slushie?
To be honest, I don't remember that at all.
I think that was a bastard.
No, seriously, I think you did that at your other apartment.
No, I'm almost positive it was when I lived with you.
We were buying all sorts of random shit.
I remember when you got the deep fryer for your birthday.
That was a Christmas gift, okay?
Okay, Christmas.
And yes, I remember it because it was awesome. The only problem was it wasn't as awesome as it needed to be for deep frying.
And that apartment did not have any sort of ventilation, which also sucked for deep frying.
I really like video games. I just thought I'd let you guys know that.
Really? Well good, I like deep frying and we're going to talk about that some more.
Let's deep fry some video games.
Yeah. Whatever.
Let's see.
Not deep frying.
Dark Tetsuya says, good grief, Rob.
Alright, well something that's not Snoopy related, but a lot cooler.
Japanese Advent Children fans are going to be happy that a brand new Director's Cut will be coming to Blu-Ray soon.
And with it will be coming the Final Fantasy XIII demo.
And with that will also be coming a new PS3 bundle.
All this is supposed to happen March 2009, and I don't know. I'm excited.
May have to import it.
So is it just me, or is it one of those things where I should have known the whole time this is why Final Fantasy VII Advent Children was kind of short?
This was just coming the whole time.
Bonus! 20 minutes deleted footage or whatever.
Sucker. I should just tattoo it on my forehead.
I should everyone else who bought it.
I would also like to remind listeners of the show not to text me while I'm doing the show. Thank you.
I get that too.
Especially when I don't know who you are.
I don't get that because I turn my phone off.
Well good for you.
Alright, the PSP game which Loki earlier referred to is that kind of missing Final Fantasy XIII game.
You've heard a lot about Final Fantasy XIII and Versus XIII.
Well there's also Agito XIII is coming out as well. Agito. Agito. Agito.
It's a cell phone game.
That's the one that was supposed to be the cell phone game.
However, it's apparently also heading to the PSP.
It's part of the big franchise.
I think this is great. It's going to allow the PSP to, especially in the US where our cell phones aren't going to be able to run it.
I'm sure it's going to allow this to reach a much broader audience here.
I'm sure the success of Crisis Core had something to do with that as well.
So, more multi-platformism in the Square Enix world.
And this game soon to be on the PSP. Well not soon.
But eventually, one day, far in the future, to be on the PSP.
Well speaking of which, I don't know if anyone remembers that the latest Parasite Eve game was supposed to be exclusive on mobile phones.
Well, Squeenix actually said that it will be out on PSP.
And it doesn't say anything about there being a mobile phone version in development.
But it's called The Third Birthday.
And they had some sort of trailer of it up that has the main character Aya in a wedding dress.
So, I don't know. Oh, with a gun.
Well, because you have to have a gun.
You have to have a gun.
I was going to say, this is a franchise people have been waiting for for a long, long time.
I think it's been bigger since the last one.
It's been a long time.
Will she be in her birthday suit?
I wish they'd translate the novel.
Yeah, that's right. There was like a novel. Wasn't there something else that was like a cell phone game or something?
There was also a live action movie.
There was a movie. I've got the movie somewhere, but I haven't watched it yet.
But my friends read the novel a couple of times and it says it's pretty good.
I saw the movie. It was pretty cool.
I don't remember much of it though.
I remember your mitochondria are full of evil.
Son of Dad in chat says, Parasite Eve 2 is kind of a let down.
Well, I didn't play it.
Um, let's move on.
Alright.
Well, we're still waiting for home. Still.
But the Japanese home beta has finally opened up.
And they've added some interesting things to it as well.
Including some Namco arcade classic games.
Including Pacman, Dig Dug, that sort of stuff.
That will be playable in the arcades that are strewn about the home interface.
So they'll have the first few games that they mention Pacman, Dig Dug, Galaga, and Xevious.
And there will be three secret titles that are still on the way.
Mappy for the win.
You know what? One good thing about this though, and I assume you don't have to pay to play these games,
is that you don't have to pay to play these games.
That's a hell of an assumption, by the way.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be interesting if you, because a lot of people thought this should be Xbox Live's prize model,
wouldn't it be interesting if you have to insert a quarter, quote unquote, to play the games?
I will not be playing those games, then. That's the case.
Because I have them on 360.
Dark Soccer, I'm kind of curious what you think about the Namco games being in home,
because, you know, I know you're an avid collector of the museum games,
so it kind of feels like we've had to buy them before, and now they're going to be free, maybe?
If they're free, I'll get them. If not, I don't care.
I mean, if they're not, I'm just not going to get them. I've got 50 million other copies.
I have an actual cartridge of Mappy somewhere in my house, so it doesn't really matter.
I've actually got, I think, almost the entire Namco PS1 collection.
That was the letters, right? M-A-M, yeah.
Although I'm still trying to find the trademark for the Japanese releases.
Ooh.
Yeah, I still had a hard time with that.
Pooface in chat, I love that name, says,
I hope that's not how the Xbox Prime Time games will work.
Interesting thought. We haven't heard anything about how that 1 versus 100 or any of that stuff's going to work.
So, who knows?
ActDef says, free is good, except for Yaris.
I want to say those Prime Time games are probably going to be free,
and they're going to probably finance them with advertisements.
You know, that makes sense, I think.
Yeah, advertisements will make sense.
It just, oh man, it's going to be just like the old Acrophobia days.
I can't wait.
That's how the Berkeley Systems games were funded, too.
Anyhow, not all the news in Squeenix Land is good this week.
We have a crap ton of Final Fantasy news, but this is also Final Fantasy related.
It has to do with Final Fantasy XI.
Oh, remember my old crack?
Remember Final Fantasy XI, the old crack game?
I try not to.
Well, how hard was it for you to cancel Final Fantasy XI when you finally did it?
Not that hard.
I didn't find it to be that hard, either.
Do you remember, Loki?
It was fucking easy.
Yeah?
It was just like stupid easy.
Well, here's the thing.
Apparently, someone does not agree, and the name is Alex Edwards, and he is actually kind
of, it's not so much a lawsuit, but what has happened is one thing has led to another.
There is now a new Illinois law that mandates that MMO providers have to make an online
cancellation option available, that you have to be able to do it online.
It is online.
That's what I was thinking, but here's the deal.
Here's how the story goes.
This guy was playing Final Fantasy XI.
He grew tired of the game.
His parents were paying $13 a month, and they tried to cancel the account online, but the
claim is that Final Fantasy didn't offer them a way to do it online, didn't offer a contact
phone number, so finally, they went to the credit card statement to get the phone number,
spent an hour and 45 minutes on hold.
Finally, someone answered the phone, and they got it canceled.
That's just because they're stupid.
You have to do it through Play Online.
They're retarded.
They're absolutely retarded.
You don't do it through the website.
You do it through Play Online.
I bet what happened is he uninstalled all the crap, and then was like, and you know
how awful Play Online is to uninstall, and then it was like, oh crap, I can't delete
it from the website.
I was supposed to do that on Play Online.
Well, duh, that's what the instructions say, and you have a manual.
Hi.
Well, maybe in that regard, does it have some merit then that you actually have to still
have the game installed to be able to cancel it?
I mean, to be honest, you don't for Warcraft.
You can do that all on the website.
It's super easy.
I mean, if you can't figure out how to cancel, wow, you're dumb.
I mean, it's really, really easy to cancel, wow.
He just pissed off that there's no big, giant button that encompasses the entire screen
that says, to cancel, click here.
The easy button.
I mean, seriously, it was not that hard to figure out how to cancel.
It wasn't hidden in menus.
It was so easy.
It was right on the Play Online screen if you wanted to cancel it.
And obviously they had to have signed up for an account, and it's done the exact same way
as you cancel it, so they're retarded.
I'm sorry.
And the fact that this went all the way to become a law, wow.
It's a case of people overcomplicating a simple issue.
Hey, folks in Illinois, I hope that you're happy that your tax money's being used this way.
Just because I wanted to read the summary of the actual law.
An Internet gaming service provider that provides service to a consumer for a stated term
that is automatically renewed for another term, unless a consumer cancels the service,
must give a consumer who is an Illinois resident a secure method
at the Internet gaming service provider's Web site
that the consumer may use to cancel the service,
which method shall not require the consumer to make a telephone call
or send US Postal Service mail to effectuate the cancellation,
and two, instructions that the consumer may follow to cancel the service
at the Internet gaming service provider's Web site.
site. Makes it an unlawful business practice for an internet gaming service provider to
violate the new provisions. Now is it just me though, or was it a heck of a lot easier
to cancel Final Fantasy XI than it was to cancel America Online? Maybe I'm crazy, but
at least they weren't begging me to stay. Actually, if you call them and do it, they'd
try to get you to stay by giving you free months. On Final Fantasy XI even? No, on...
Oh, oh yeah. Oh yeah, America Online tries to pull it all out, so... I was like, um,
my account was already free. Retention. Anyhow, so, there you have it, new laws. Ridiculous.
Oh my god, this is stupid. But anyway, how about some release dates? Like, three items
coming out on the 8th in Europe. We have Beijing 2008, the official video game of the Olympic
Games on PC, Race Driver Grid on DS, and The Mummy Tomb of the Emperor on Playstation 2.
That's it. Sorry. I can't say that the US is much better. This week we have the King
of Clubs, which is some crappy golf game on the Wii. There's Summer Athletics, I believe
the 360 version coming out this week, for some reason it was delayed from last week.
Rock Blast, which is a DS puzzle game. Monster Madness, Grave Danger, which apparently is
a slightly upgraded version of the Monster Madness game that was on the 360. So, I don't
know what you get when you upgrade crap, but I'm probably guessing it's not that great.
And yeah, B-Boy is also coming out this week on PS2 and PSP. And to be honest, I think
that's about it. I mean, slow week. Wow, is it just me, or is it kind of a slow release
week in general over there? Well, it's slow because of Madden coming out next week. Ah,
yeah. That's the game I don't get too excited about. Oh, there's a Cheetah Girls game coming
out, my mistake. How could I have missed that? Damn, fired. I know, seriously. Why am I not
keeping up with the Cheetah Girls games? Well, in Japan we have a lot of stuff coming out.
They also have a sports game coming out this week. It's NBA 2K8 is coming out in Japan
on August the 7th, as well as Tales of Vesperia comes out. There also is a super premium pack
for Tales of Vesperia coming out this week. I believe that is the one that comes with
the Xbox 360, if I'm not mistaken. I think there was a bundle pack coming out in Japan.
Don't quote me on that. Also, a PlayStation 3 version of NBA 2K8 is being released this
week. Moving on to the Nintendo Wii. Survival Kids Wii. I wonder if that's lost in blue.
It is lost in blue. Yeah, I think it is. Yes, it's lost in blue on the Wii. So that's coming
out. Imabikiosu Kamihan comes out as well on the Wii this week from Sega. And this game
looks to be, what the heck, it looks like it might be kind of a horror type game on
the Wii. Looks like the graphics are pretty cool. Got some neat little cut scenes there.
I don't know, that's either a horror game or a dating sim. But seeing as it looks like
it's a horror game. Yeah, it looks like a horror game, but seriously, in this one screen
you have ABC choices. That looks like a dating sim to me. It's a super emo horror game. That'd
be awesome. A horror dating sim. I think the brains at the O.L. Army headquarters need
to get to work on a horror dating sim. Not a whore, but a horror. On the PlayStation
2, God of War 2 gets a price reduction this week in Japan, moving into the best price
series. Also, Grim Grimoire and Sengoku Barasa 2 Heroes also move into that same series.
Some new games coming out this week. True Tears is coming out as well as Aokoro no Kusabi.
Hiro no Kakeru 3 comes out in Japan this week, which is, looks like some type of role
playing-ish game. You play a dude with a sword. I don't know, it kind of looks like a dating
sim. Why would he have a sword if it's a dating sim? Because all cool kids have swords who
date, because if it goes bad, you know, they can commit suicide. Just stop. Just stop.
Hey, I just wanted to mention real quick that in a couple weeks, actually, we're going to
be getting Lion Rider 2, which is exciting for the DS and the Wii. On the Nintendo DS,
Monster Farm 2 DS in Japan this week, as well as Fire Emblem. Shinankoku Ryotun Hikari no
Ken comes out this week, as well as Choshiotu Kadukistu, which is a game from Atlus, comes
out on the Nintendo DS this week, which, oh, it's Trauma Center 2. Nice. You finally get
that in Japan this week. Coming out on the Sony PSP, just some price reductions on Quiz
Mobile Suit Gundam Tonsenshi, as well as Daisenryaku Portable 2 and Doku Maki Murikai. They all
get price reductions this week, but as far as new games go, Crazy Taxi Double Punch comes
out on the PSP this week in Japan. That's happy. Get ready to make some crazy money.
That's it for your Japanese release dates. Back to some gaming news. Well, in other gaming
news, and this actually isn't necessarily just Just Just Game, but this is for our cosplay
people as well. Gamefly is having an open casting for the next commercial, so they actually
want cosplayers to send them videos saying why they love Gamefly, and why the character
that they're dressed up at is their favorite. But, you know, I think it's going to be kind
of iffy, but here's the details if anyone wants it. There are live casting calls that
are going to be in LA, New York, and Chicago. That's in September, and you actually send
a 45 second entry after August 26th. As far as more information on this, the live casting
calls are September 9th, Los Angeles, Hollywood, and Highland Center, and that's 12 to 6 p.m.
PST. September 16th in Chicago, ESPN Zone on East Ohio Street from 12 to 6 central time,
and September 23rd, New York at Hawaiian Tropic Zone on 7th Avenue and 49th Street at 12 to
6 p.m. EST. All those cosplayers are going to fit right in at Hollywood and Highland.
I actually told Rama the minute I read about this, I went to Twitter and I posted, Rama,
Black Luigi needs to be in this commercial. Make it happen. So he said he's going to go,
so I hope if he... Cover it for us. Yeah, cover it for us. I want to know if it is any
good or if it seems like a scam or whatever, but I think it'll be good. I want lots of
photos from this event. You know people are going to go just for the photo ops because
that's like half the big thing about cosplay is your photo ops too. Any excuse to be on
TV, people are going to go nuts. You know people are going to see these commercials
and go, what? Yeah, I know. But there will be other people that get it. Hey, cosplay
opportunity, go for it. Exactly. Hey, cosplayers can get like actual real recognition in the
real world. I think it's a good thing. So there you go. Loki is going to be giving us
a massive homebrew update tonight. What is this? There's like massive amounts of news
in the homebrew world. Just a bunch of little small things. Okay, so first off we're going
to start with the Wii. If you've never done homebrew or are having trouble figuring it
out, they actually have a website now that'll make it a lot easier for you and it's presented
by Wii Brew and it's the Wii Pack generator and what it does is it allows you to kind
of toggle different things you want to be installed in one giant zip file and you download
it and you drag and drop it to your SD memory card and if you have Twilight Princess you
can use the Twilight Hack to install the homebrew channel and a bunch of different homebrew
programs on there and they've got a huge list of stuff and they keep adding more to it so
definitely the way to go if you haven't done homebrew stuff yet or if you just want to
take it easy to find all your programs in one spot. Rob I think will get some use out
of this but they have the Any Title Deleter. It's a space-freeing program for the Wii.
It allows you to remove previously unremovable tiles including the weather and news channel.
Unfortunately though if you have any games that have updates they will reinstall them
for you. But I like the weather channel because I like the music. What about the news channel?
Okay news channel is kind of a waste. Okay so you can remove stuff if you want to and
some other things like that and they have protection so you don't break your console
and that kind of thing. One thing though that is a little bit more risky but you can do
it as well with this is the Wii Region Changer. You can actually use this device to change
the region of your Wii so that it's a Japanese console. Of course everything will be in Japanese.
There is some risk involved with it though. You have to read the instructions very carefully
because you can actually break your console with this if it's not done right.
So don't do it. Yeah. Just don't. Just don't. There's region free players on the Wii so
just use those instead. Guitar Fun which is the Fretz of Fire game that they have now
for the Wii and that of course for those who may not know is a Guitar Hero sim or emulator
I guess. And you can import custom songs and all sorts of things. Well the new version
2.9 has come out. It's still in beta but it now has online support and so they have
instructions on how you can set up your PC or router I guess to be able to play online
with other people. So that's kind of neat though. You can do online. I don't know if
you can actually do online on the Wii with Guitar Hero 3. I think you might be able to
but either way it's so cool. Now for the PS3. It's actually interesting. There's some
sort of a homebrew scene actually starting up on the PS3 now that people figured out
that you can use the Blu-ray Java dev kit to actually create programs that can run on
the PS3 and no modding is needed whatsoever because it's running off the BDJ Java that's
built into any Blu-ray disc. So it's already built into the system and so people are actually
creating like Pong programs and all the simple stuff that comes out in the very beginning
but it's only going to lead to more and the best part you know they aren't really going
to be disabling it anytime soon since it's built into all the Blu-ray discs so basically
you just load the programs onto a jump drive and away you go. So that's pretty cool. And
let's see. And that's it. Alright. Lots to do in the homebrew world. Yes. But I don't
have time for homebrew unless there's something really really good that I'm really missing
but lately I haven't been that excited about it. Well there's actually one thing that they've
been kind of trailering on a bunch of websites this week. Remember that game I was playing
before called No Gravity? It was a homebrew PSP game that was kind of a space shooter.
Like a 3D space shooter. It's actually now becoming a full game on the Playstation Network
that's going to be downloadable via them. You actually have to pay for it now. But you'll
be able to download it to your PSP and play it but it's the first time that a homebrew
game like this has become downloadable on the Playstation platform so that's kind of
neat. And hopefully they'll be coming soon. Okay. Well I wanted to read this comment from
chat. Going back to the cosplay gamefly commercial thing. SSJ100Matt I believe was the one that
said this. Manfay. Could Manfay make an appearance? Manfay would either be scary or fantastic.
That's kind of both extremes don't you think? I want the male Utena cosplayer to show up
who looked perfectly female. I wish I lived in New York with Rama because I'd go and dress
as Black Mage. So maybe we could both be in it. I'm not sure what Black Mage has in common
with Luigi but you never know. I am very excited about this upcoming game and Dark Sakura.
I don't know about you but maybe you'll play this with me. Sing Star Musicals is a new
rumored game to be coming out. Supposedly it's going to be coming out in 2009 and some
songs that are rumored to be in it. Bad Guys from Bugsy Malone. Can You Feel the Love Tonight
from The Lion King. If I Were a Rich Man from Fiddler on the Roof and Over the Rainbow from
Wizard of Oz. However I need this song to be in it. If at all possible.
Oh not Springtime for Hitler. No you should find the one from the movie. Is that the one
from the movie? No. It's just because John Barrowman sang the one in the movie. I don't
think they have the one from the movie on iTunes. The recent movie because well I think
he's wonderful. So yeah this is a rumored game that's going to be coming out. That being
said I actually think this rumor is bull. I think this rumor is a load of crap. I don't
believe that it's true. One of the big reasons I don't think it's true is that this rumored
song list has Can You Feel the Love Tonight from The Lion King. Disney owns that and if
Disney was going to put that in a game Disney would be making a Disney game. Disney I don't
think would be likely to loan this out. One of their biggest songs. I mean granted I don't
know I guess Elton John wrote it so maybe there's a way around it. And it's not really
a musical either. Actually yes they did a Lion King musical. I know they did but it's
Disney's musical. It's not Sony's you know what I mean and I don't think Sony would be
able to license that from Disney. Does that make sense? I don't know if it's necessarily
Disney that owns Soul Rites. Plus I mean would there really be that many people that are
going to buy this? I mean maybe. I would. I would too but we're kind of weird. So? Okay
then again I guess Poofy said they made Sing Star Bollywood so I guess anything's possible.
Well yeah. Well then again I mean that would. That makes sense though for a European release.
It does. It does. And maybe this isn't something that's going to be coming out here. Maybe
this will be coming out in other areas where Sing Star is bigger. Well if it's a Sing Star
game I would suspect that it would be a European release. Well I still want to import it. This
will be fun. Well you know there's also been a big surge in West End theater now. Especially
with those shows that they're doing now. Sort of like an American. Well not like. Sort of
like a pop idol though for musicals. How do you solve a problem like Maria? And the other
one. Hey that was a John Barrowman show. Yes it was. I'm thinking you're a fangirl. I'm
a little bit of a fangirl. But it just seemed to me that theater's having such a bigger
resurgence overseas that it could be possible that that's why there'd be a Sing Star game.
So I could sort of see it happening. I do have one other request for Sing Star musicals.
You are ruining my song. Oh me sorry. Me no mean to. Well if you wouldn't mind please
being quiet for a minute so I can finish. Okie dokie. Good. I'm glad we have this new
technology. For porn. Which gives us untold opportunity. For porn. Oh sorry. God it'll
never get old. Avenue Q is playing in town Rob. We need to go seriously. I know. For
porn. We've said that as the previous cage match winner if I do recall correctly. I'm
sure. I think it was a cage match winner at one point. Love it. And a very good question
from chat. Very very good informed question. SSJ100Matt says Rob what about Sing Star
Rocky Horror Edition? Yes please. That would be hot. How do you do I? See you've met my
faithful handyman. But it has to have an audience participation subtract. Yes. But people
and you know this. Do you know how much money I would pay for Loki to sing Sweet Transvestite
Live on Air? I would put money in that pot seriously. I totally would. You should just
sing it for us right now anyway. In a single costume. We're waiting. No. Chirp chirp chirp.
Alright Sing Star musicals hopefully coming to a Playstation near you. I have something
that's even more in the special category if we can get on to our next segment. We absolutely
can. It's a segment we love to do every week. It's very special. It's the classic video
game of the week. Dark Soccer will dig through the archive and tell you kids what you should
be playing. What should the children be paying a little respect to this week? The game of
the week is Jumping Flash. Nice. I love Jumping Flash. But I've mentioned this show on air
many many many times. When I first moved into my college dorm room I was put in charge of
my friend's boyfriend's Playstation. And he had Jumping Flash and I played the hell out
of it and it was an awesome game. So the story behind this and I love this. That a demented
astrophysicist named Baron Aloha removed pieces from earth with land lifting machines
and so this cute little electric bunny named Robin has to use these jet pods to you know
I guess break these jet pods and get the little islands back to earth. What? Can I just say
to son of dad in chat this is not Jumping Jack Flash with Whoopi Goldberg. No. This
is different. Stop it. Anyway the way that the game plays is it is very first person
and I will tell you that this totally totally made me motion sick as hell but it's great.
Actually the article makes a note that it's actually just like a game called Geograph
Seal which is for the Sharp X68000 so I'll have to look for that later on. But anyway
you play as Robin looking through Robin's eyes and you've got a screen showing you how
much time you have remaining and your score and the sidekick called Kumagoro which gives
you hints and warnings and helps you out. You've also got fireworks items as your sort
of like your firing mechanism, power ups, jet pods, all this other neat stuff that goes
with it. But so the big thing about it though is you have to jump and you can make him jump
three times. You can jump off the ground twice in mid air and you can get really high over
the ground. And instead of though being faced horizontally when you jump the camera tilts
down towards the ground. So it's, you see why I'm talking about getting motion sick
there too? But you can also use your enemies to bounce off of in some cases. But you get
different fireworks for attacks like cherry bombs, rockets, roaming candles, and twisters.
You can get time extensions, you can get different jet pods that are EXIT and so when you get
them you go to the exit pad and you can leave the level. You also have hidden levels, you
have a roller, the roller coaster level was fun I have to say. And you have a time attack
mode so you can try to get out of the levels in a certain amount of time. There also was
a sequel that was called Jumping Flash 2 that did not do as well. But it was still a fun
game. And apparently there were pseudo sequels that were only released in Japan. There was
Robert Mundo on Playstation and Pocket Moomoo that was on Pocket Station and they were released
by Sugar and Rockets whereas these were actually released by Exact. Was Baron Aloha in Project
Moomoo or Pocket Moomoo? I actually do not know, I have not played Pocket Moomoo. It
sounds like someone needed a vacation in Hawaii. But I came really close to actually importing
Robert Mundo once. I guess now I could find it a lot cheaper I'm sure. But it's actually,
you can get Jumping Flash at the Playstation store. And coming soon the next sequel, Captain
Uma Uma Nuka Nuka Appa Waha. Never mind. Bad joke. Oh come on Ferret. I never actually
played Jumping Flash. You didn't! No I never did. I have Jumping Flash in the massive old
Playstation cases. Keep in mind, Playstation 1 era was around the time I was in college.
So the only Playstation 1 games I really got into, yeah but I kind of left gaming for a
little while. I really only was playing like Final Fantasy 7 and Puzzle Fighter. I didn't
play a whole lot during that era. Puzzle Fighter came out years after. At any rate, if you
want to play this game then I will see about locating my copy of it and bringing it over
or something. But it's really, it's cheese ball and it's you know, it's early Playstation
but it's a fun little game. Alright. That's going to do it for this part A of Orange Lounge
Radio with that Jumping Flash, your classic game of the week. We're going to take a quick
break but we will be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after some music for the
live listeners. And actually if things get sent to me in time here we'll do some music,
oh yes we're going to have some music on the podcast as well tonight as well. I'll tell
you a little bit more about that in just a minute. But we'll be back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Hey all our listeners, this is GS68 with a public service announcement. When playing
Super Smash Brothers, do not have fun. Do not play with items on. Items ruin the balance
of the game and add randomness. Do not pick low tier characters. You will not win them
with them no matter what. The best balance repair will always lose to the worst fox player.
The only stage allowed is Final Destination. If a stage has more than a flat plane on it,
it's bad. It ruins the balance of the game by giving characters advantages. Take your
episode of gimmicks and shove it. Huge stages like Hammer Castle for camping morons. Even
Smashville is barely acceptable but there's a freaking moving platform on top of the main
platform. And finally, remember, I don't care if you're at a party and just want to have
fun with your friends. Video games are not about fun. They're about winning. So shut
the fuck up and stop having fun because video games are serious business. Thank you and
good night. This PSA was brought to you by Mushroom Kingdom, one of the never-ending
scrolling bullshit.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. Be sure to navigate through the forums and find the
O.L. Archive, where you can find such clips as this.
Oh yes, the good old days of Orange Lounge Radio.
That was when I was sleeping in the Harry Potter closet, wasn't it?
I think so. I think it was one of those weekends back when Karaoke Revolution was funny.
Anyhow, thanks to our listeners who provided the bumpers that break. GS68 was the first
one and PKJR92 did the second one. So thank you guys so much for those bumpers. If you
have a bumper you want to send, go look at the forums. There's a whole post about us
accepting things for our free break and that would be fake PSAs, promos for non-profit
shows and things like that and so on. So hope to get some stuff from you.
Meanwhile, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, August
the 3rd of 2008, for more Orange Lounge Radio gaming news, gaming chat, gaming bitching
and whatever we can come up with. Loki, how about some Xbox news?
Yeah, so there's another rumor coming out. Yeah, another one. I know. This one actually
has come from Ars Technica and apparently they have their Microsoft insider who lets
them know all the wonderful rumors and information and stuff like that. They were ones, I believe
he was the one that was kind of clueing people in on that 68 model that was going to be introduced.
Well now, apparently sometime in September, there is going to be another price drop and
it's going to be dropping. This is actually the price drop because if you remember the
last one was kind of the phase out 20 gig models but I guess by that time they'll be
all gone. What's going to happen is the Elite is going to drop down to $399 from $449 so
that's a pretty nice drop there, another $50. The 68 system will drop down to what the
Pro system is now for $299 and the Arcade system will drop from $279 to $199. So that's
pretty cool. And apparently around that time also the hard drive, the 120 hard drive is
supposed to drop in price and I think probably the 60 as well will be coming out at some
point. And the other interesting thing about that that kind of coincide with all that is
there was some screenshots on VG charts apparently from the inside of their, some system, I don't
know what store this is from but it's saying that the price drop is going to happen confirmed
on the Arcade system on September 7th, 2008. So that seems to give us a little more legitimacy
than when this rumor usually flies around because I was just about to ask, what makes
this any different from any other price cut rumor? Yeah, and well what's interesting though
September 7th, that's another Sunday and they like to drop them on Sundays so they can have
the ads and everything. And if you think about it, it makes sense too because everyone's
saying, oh it's because the exclusives are coming out for the Xbox 360, you know Infinite
Undiscovery and Rock Band 2, well a time exclusive for Rock Band 2, but I say it's because the
Playstation 3 exclusives are going to be coming out around that time too. Actually they're
going to start coming out with a lot of their big Playstation exclusives around October
7th and if they kind of get a jump on everything, especially now that they're talking about
putting out a core 80GB system out there for $399, you know it's kind of funny though,
it just kind of nullifies all that. Well I say they're doing it to be ready for Christmas
and also to get down there to where the Wii's at because now they're going to be the same
price. Almost. Right? The Wii's, is Wii 199 or is Wii 250? Wii's 250. Oh, see they're
going to be cheaper than the Wii at this point, that's huge. Yeah. That's really huge I think.
Do you think Nintendo's going to have to follow suit? No. I guess not, Wii's are still in
demand. Because they're very, I would say they're very arrogant, so unless the Wii system
takes some hits as far as sales goes, then they may. I don't think they are because they're
still high in demand and they're selling over retail anyways, so people have no problem
paying the $400 for a Wii system right now. I don't know why you would, but they are.
Alright, well we'll see. I'm sure it will drive sales come Christmas time if they do
end up doing that. And I'm sure this is only a rumor because none of these rumors ever
come true. I think there seems to be a lot of truth in this. I think we all know Xbox
is going to cut the price and to really get below Nintendo I think is going to be huge
for them. So we'll see. Anyhow though, I want to talk about this one reason that might sell
a lot of Xbox is zombies. I love zombies. We don't have enough zombies on Xbox. I mean
yeah, we have Dead Rising, but we don't have zombies on Xbox Live Arcade that I can think
of. And when I talk about zombies, I'm talking about the actual tabletop game Zombies. I
don't know if you've ever seen this game. It's an actual tabletop game that kind of
uses cards. And you know, tabletop games have been kind of popular on Xbox Live lately.
I mean you have Carcassonne, Catan, Ticket to Ride. You know, why not? Let's get zombies
in there as well. And this actually had to do with a gamer who was actually like sending
ideas on how to turn a zombie game into an Xbox Live Arcade game. Well apparently, according
to a joystick report, that's joystick with a Q, they actually ran into Todd Breitenstein.
He's from Twilight Creations who actually made the tabletop game. Ran into him at Comic
Con, which happened recently. And in response to are they going to make a zombies game for
Xbox Live, got the ever famous I can neither confirm nor deny the existence of such a project.
But don't you think it would be cool? And the answer is yes. Zombies are always cool.
Zombies are fantastic. So there you have it. Chat room, what do you think? Yes or no to
zombies on Xbox Live? I'm all for more of the board game type fare on Xbox Live Arcade
too. I think those games are fun. Well, and other fun. And this makes me particularly
happy because you know I love Valve. Right? Well, you know that there's going to be a
Portal Still Alive coming out on Xbox Live, but it looks like Valve is really considering
bringing other titles from their services. So I think that's pretty cool. And that they
actually don't yet have any immediate plans to try the Wii or PS3. So hey, they love you
Microsoft Xbox owners. You have the love of Valve. Indeed. Very much. But you do not have
GLaDOS in this one. And that is not as great. So do you think it's kind of a money milking
thing? Kind of a cheap... Well, all business is money milking when you think about it.
Yes, that's true. Only if you're a non-profit organization do you not look to make a profit,
right? True. Commenting to a question Lieutenant Pliskin asked in chat says, can you put a
hard drive in the no hard drive model of the 360? Let's say you want to download Portal
Still Alive and these other possible future Valve releases. Yes, you can. You can put
a hard drive in the core model. It's very easy. Actually, when I first got an Xbox 360,
I actually bought mine when they were really hard to come by and Best Buy was only getting
like five of them at a time. And when I got there, they didn't have elites. I was only
able to get a core so I actually paid the slight extra money to get the core and the
hard drive with it. Which at the time was worth it because you couldn't get an Xbox
360 really. It was so hard. And then to put icing on the cake, I got the Red Ring of Death
three days later. Remember that? Good times. Because I came on here and I bitched, whined
and moaned on the show so bad. I was so pissed. But all is better now in Rob's world. Especially
after the yumminess of Soul Calibur IV and Geometry Wars 2 this week. You know, I'm going
to have to get that Geometry Wars, I think. At least get the demo. The demo from what
I hear is almost the full deadline mode which is get as many points as you can in three
minutes and it's a really good way to test if you're going to like the game or not. So,
at least get the demo. So, let's move on. Okay, shit. Sorry, I didn't mean to hit you
over there. Well, you guys were still talking about freaking Geometry Wars. I was waiting.
Anyways, so, you may remember that the Bourne Supremacy just came out beginning of June
and stuff and that was part of the whole VinVidi license and stuff, actually Sierra Entertainment.
Well, now that they've been purchased by Activision and Blizzard have merged together, they're
starting to, or Activision and VinVidi and Blizzard and all those companies have merged
together, they're starting to kind of go through what franchises they own and kind of slim
it down a bit. And one of those franchises, of course, is the Bourne Supremacy and, or
Bourne Conspiracy, I'm sorry. And actually the whole Bourne lineup. In fact, there's
some other stuff about that as well. But they're actually giving back the Bourne Conspiracy
to Lundrum Entertainment, you know, because Robert Lundrum, of course, was the guy that
wrote the Bourne books. So, it's kind of going back to them and I guess, I don't know if
they want to put any other games out, they have to find a new publisher, I guess. Interesting.
Well, you know, it didn't just stop there with the Bourne series. Activision and Blizzard,
they're kind of looking at some of the other franchises as well. And some of the franchises
that were rumored this week, Brutal Legend, Ghostbusters, the video game, were supposed
to be lost. It actually came out a little later in the week, that is not true. Ghostbusters
absolutely not canceled, according to Vivendi Sierra, not canceled. That is still happening.
The spokesperson for Sierra had actually said, quote, first and foremost, the game is not
canceled. However, the game may not have a publisher right now. That was a little more
in the blue there. Also, Brutal Legend is fine. So, that series is still supposed to
be on the way. Well, it's really weird, though, that they would keep Spyro, Crash, and all
that stuff and get rid of, I don't know, the good games. Spyro's kind of a money machine.
Yeah, and they kept 50 Cent, Blood in the Sand, or whatever that thing is. That game
sounds very interesting. Chronicles of Riddick, apparently, was booted to the curb, too. Yeah,
I mean, that, I think, was a long ways away, anyways. Well, I just hope they didn't get
rid of the Island of Dr. Brain, am I right? What? Because the Island of Dr. Brain was
an awesome Sierra game. If you say so. Remember, it was probably like a year ago, we had those
kids that were making the Silver Lining, remember that, the unofficial King's Quest sequel,
the Silver Lining? And then they went through that whole song and dance where they had to
lose the King's Quest ties, and now the game is just being released as the Silver Lining.
I wonder if all this recent, you know, Mergy-merge news means maybe they can get away with doing
it as a King's Quest game again. I doubt it, but it's still nice to imagine. I suppose,
if you want to keep dreaming. Yeah, I know. But hey, if we didn't have Dreamers, we also
wouldn't have Bums, so, kidding. Lieutenant Pliskin makes a very excellent point in chat,
chat.orangelsonsray.com. 50 Cent greater than Chronicles of Riddick? Both great. Question
mark, question mark. You know what we need, speaking of like movie franchises from like
10 years ago. What? When I went to see The Dark Knight the other day, they were showing
on the screen a preview for Starship Troopers 3. Why did we never get a video game for that?
I think there were video games. There was a PC game. Yes. We need more. And there's a
comic right now. I know there's like comics and other types of things, but no good game
where you can just go blow up bugs in the good old American way. Forget it. I tried.
Anyway, well you know, I'm not sure if everyone's familiar, but there were screen captures and
video out for Soul Calibur IV that was showing Darth Vader and Yoda in the same game, which
as we knew, Yoda was in the Xbox 360 edition and Darth Vader was in the PS3 one. And the
director of the game, Katsutoshi Sasaki, said that they don't have any plans for making
either one downloadable content for either console. But then again, apparently those
screen captures and the video that was out are supposed to be legitimate. You know, actual
same versions of the game. So, maybe that was just like a... I would assume that in
programming both characters would have been included, right? So it might just be from
the developer's kit or something. You know, it could be either from the developer's kit
or there's a rumor floating around and you really would have to read in between the lines.
This guy is saying it's not going to be download content, right? But some of the rumors that
are going around say that you will actually, if you buy The Force Unleashed, the game that
The Apprentice or Starkiller is actually starring in, it unlocks the other Star Wars character
on your respective system. That's smart. It's an interesting way of doing it. It's a way
of saying, hey, buy this game and please don't think that it sucks. And so, you know, no,
it's not download content... It's the biggest version of Pay to Unlock ever. Seriously.
Well, the question is then, if that's the case, then I wonder if it's a save file or
something like that. Who knows? But the other thing to consider, there's a trailer for The
Force Unleashed in the game. And I'm sure that's part of how they were able to negotiate
Starkiller and Yoda being in the game. But just very interesting. It kind of makes you
think, ah, maybe there's... I see what you did there. I would bet 10 to 1 that's going
to be the way you unlock it is that you have to get Force Unleashed, which means it'll
be impossible to find on Gamefly. And I wonder if having the fact that you have Soul Calibur
IV if that unlocks something for you on The Force Unleashed. Perhaps. Maybe an alternate
costume for Starkiller since he does have two in Soul Calibur. Who knows? Might be a
little silly, but you never know. The unlocks aren't always that great. They should just
chain them and they'll have something else and then you'll unlock... Just time release,
Vader. You know, like three months from now, just time release them. Do a patch that unlocks
them. It's obvious something's going to go there. There's one square in the game that
is not filled in. And if you look on the PlayStation... That goes for nobody. It's very obvious.
That's like, you know, one for me and one for my homies. They looped like six characters
in one screen. The star screen. Not to be confused with Starkiller. They had famous
anime creators make Soul Calibur characters, but they're just all filed under the star
icon in the select menu. And some of them are pretty cool, actually. But anyhow, sorry.
Getting off topic. That's interesting, though. Good theory. Something completely unrelated
to Star Wars. The shit game, as I mentioned during my gaming week. It's a game that looks
like shit. Literally. It basically looks like the whole game was made out of MS Paint, and
it very well may have. But the whole reason, I guess, is it's supposed to be like all the
shovelware games that you play out there. Just the absolute worst of the worst. But
it is a pretty fun game, and it's just really strange looking. It's all black and white.
Really strange stuff in there, from a level with crashing planes to a giant foot like
Monty Python. Floating eyeballs. Awesome. Fire. All sorts of crazy stuff. And basically
the game, I mean, it's very short, but it challenges you to try to beat it, losing the
least amount of lives and getting through it quickly. And there are a lot of quick ways
you can kind of glitch through the game and beat it a lot faster. So it is worth a download
if you're looking to check it out. Go to Doomlaser.com, and there's an article there called
a game by any other name would still be shit. I would actually like to see a game where
a giant foot comes down and squashes your character and then suddenly... Yes. I knew
this was coming. Oh, and the best part about the game, I forgot to mention, is that all
the music in it is MIDI. And it's all like, you know, like pop music MIDI. Like they have
Spice Girls in there, and it's all randomly selected too. Like Lenny Kravitz and Spice
Girls and stuff. I think that from here on out, all the rest of Loki's stories should
be done to Monty Python's Flying Circus opening. Okay, we can arrange that. Okay. We'll see
how that works, we'll try. Now here's the thing though, wouldn't this be Shit Game 2?
Because I've played Ping Pals. Well, Shit Game 3, because I've also played Yaris. Oh,
I see. But see, that's the thing, is this game's actually better. But seriously though,
the character looks like he's made from MS Paint, and I think he was. He looked all...
It was hilarious, I watched the video of it. I did download the game before the show. Haven't
played it yet, but I'm gonna give it a try. Is it maybe a minimalist thing? Like irony
through minimalism? It's special. It is a very special game. You know, when we start
putting naughty words into the names of video games, it makes us want to use other naughty
words here on the program. We have one very naughty segment we do every week here on Orange
Radio. You know what it's called? The FUs of the Week. My FU of the Week, it first of
all goes towards my cat and her passengers. I have had to bathe the cat today. She has
bad fleas, and they did not all wash off, so I have to get ahold of Heather, you know,
I have to get ahold of Heather and get some front lines for my kitty cat. Well, I know
Heather, but the listeners don't know Heather. Heather's awesome! Okay, that's all you need
to know. That's all you need to know. But I have to get her treated and so she stops
going bald out from her allergies and I don't know because I've been treating her for the
last three months and nothing has helped her, so I'm just, I hate them. I hate the little
squirmy things on my baby cat. Death to fleas. All of them! Except for Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Because that flea is awesome. Okay. That flea may survive the flea holocaust. Yes. Alright.
Lowkey, your FUs of the Week. A few people driving around, still talking on their cell
phones without their Bluetooth headsets. Amen! I followed some chick today because... The
speakerphone's okay, right? The speakerphone's fine. If you have a hands-free phone, I am
fine with that because that's following the law and you shouldn't be as much of a nuisance
on the road. But there's still these fucking people and they're idiots, they're talking
around, you know, with their cell phones and just driving fucking slow and just really
annoying. In fact, this woman actually, she drove through the parking lot really slow
and then, oh, my other favorite thing is when there's a slight dip in the road or something
like that and people slow the fuck down. Well, they're in an SUV, an off-roading vehicle
and they slow the fuck down because it's a little dip in the road. Oh my god. That's
also annoying. Just a point, though. Somebody talking on the cell phone in their parking
lot wouldn't technically be illegal. They're still driving. I know, but it's technically
they can't pull you over in the parking lot. Well, she's still driving around, so that
still counts. Just a technicality. I'm just saying. And I followed her there, but she's
a dumb bitch and I actually thought about knocking on her window and going, get off
the fucking phone, ass. But no, I had better things to do. Alright, is that it? That's
it. Alright. F you to clothes shopping. I went clothes shopping yesterday. Actually,
shopping for clothes is fun. It's grown a meal. I used to hate it when I was younger,
but now I love shopping for clothes. The only thing I don't like is paying for them. And
I'm not advocating theft of clothes, but I went to Mervyn's this week because I heard
they were filing Chapter 11 bankruptcy and I want to make sure I get all the good sales
before the chain goes under. And also, thanks to me being sick earlier this year and the
diet that has resulted, I've lost another waist size. So I had to buy all new jeans,
and that's expensive. Clothes are expensive. So F you to expensive clothes. But a non-F
you to Mervyn's and a non-F you to Mervyn's sales, because those are both awesome. I still
need to go to the outlets though this week, because the outlets are the best thing ever.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news. I will bring it back with Mega Man 9 news.
It seems like every week there's something new about Mega Man 9. People loving the retro,
you know, coming back to this. Here's the neat thing is that Capcom has said this week
that the WiiWare version of Mega Man 9, it will have different control options. You can
turn the Wii mode on its side to play the game. You can also use the classic controller.
Anything that will go into the GameCube port you can also use to play. So if you think
about it, you could go all the way back to the Wii NES Retro port. You know, this is
a device that was released that allows you to, yes, plug in your old school NES controller
and play Mega Man 9 the way it might have been meant to be played with the old school
NES controller. What do you guys think? Is this worth going through the hassle just to
play with the old school NES controller? Or, forget it, just use the Wii mode. I think
that sounds like fun. It does not. It sounds like a challenge. And who doesn't love a
challenge? It sounds like another excuse for G4 to bring out their giant NES controller
to do something stupid on TV. Yippee! Can't wait. Out of curiosity, would this sway you
to buy this on the Wii, or are you still like, eh, not good enough, I'm still going to get
it on 360? That's right. That's kind of where I'm at. I'm like, oh that's cute. Well actually,
actually. Cute, but. I may still get it on the Wii. But. I'm still on my silly boycott.
I have no room. And that's where I stand. I have no room for games. Don't worry, don't
worry Rob. We won't have to purchase it. I will get it on the 360 I'm sure. But I like,
I like the prospect of being able to use the old controller. Why don't they put it on the
DS? They need to put like another Mega Man collection on the DS and release this along
with it. Do you think Capcom might release a remake of the game later on? I mean, they've
never done that before. Never ever, right? Do you think there might be a Mega Man 9 Championship
Turbo Edition next year? I doubt it. You never know. You never know. Well, moving forward.
And forward is a good way to move. Konami wants to hop on the, the old school bandwagon.
Because, well everyone else is doing it, why can't they? Well, then again, they were already
doing the Castlevania one, right? Rumored. But, yeah, well here's more rumor. It was
actually in EGM, put up by Wii Fanboy, said that in the September 2008 issue, that there
will be one of the most beloved yet overlooked action-adventure franchises of yore will soon
get a surprise retro-revival sequel. Hmm. It better not be Bomberman. Still a Bomberman,
but we've already had Bomberman. Go Emon! It'll be, um, um, um, what if it was Turtles
Tournament Fighter? That would be awesome. They lost the Turtles license to EA. That's
right, damn. Or it could be, um, no they lost it, they could be soft. Or it could be, um,
Rocky O'Hare! Gradius, since they already said they were gonna do a Gradius a couple
of weeks ago. Yeah. Who knows. How about a bunch of stuff? How about Blades of Steel?
I'm gonna pretend you just didn't see that. Do not roll your eyes at me, young lady. I
love Blades of Steel. That was the first NES hockey game where you could actually fight.
Like, not crappy like ice hockey. I'm talking about punching people in the face. That's
great. And why else should there be hockey in the world? For blood, because blood bounces
on ice. AgDef suggests double dribble. How about Skate or Die? Was that a Konami game?
I don't think it was. I think, actually. No, Ultra, it was Ultra games. Yeah, yeah. So
that was Skate or Die, hey. Hmm, maybe. We'll see. I don't think they would do that game.
A man can dream. I know. Yeah, that's all, unfortunately, it will ever become. Um, but
here's some games that will be coming at some point, but they have been rated by the ESRB.
Man, you know that ESRB, they still can't quite lock down those games from being announced.
Mega Man 1 and 2 have been spotted on there, as well as Earthworm Jim 2, so that's pretty
cool. Earthworm Jim. Remember the opening to Earthworm Jim? I love that. Some other things,
um, Ys Book 1 and 2 will be coming out, and Samurai Showdown 2. Yes, that was the best
one. Wasn't Ys a CD game? Or am I wrong? I would like to say that Ys Book 1 and 2 came
out on CD, so the two games were released as a single CD. Have we gotten CD games here
yet? Yeah. We have? Oh. They got Dracula X in Japan, didn't they? Yeah, I knew they were
coming, I just didn't know we had any yet. That's awesome. But no, the Ys games are good,
now I won't. Yeah, I might actually, ugh, I don't have room for Ys. You know what, Rob,
I'll tell you what, just come over to my house, we'll hook up the PC Engine. Deal! Anything
else, Loki, coming out? That's it. Alright, I thought there might be more. Well, two games
coming out very soon that people are very much looking forward to. StarCraft II and
Diablo III. Now, you might have heard in last episode or elsewhere around the internet that
Wrath of the Lich King, the new Warcraft expansion, is going to be getting an achievement system
in the game. Um, achievements for, you know, exploring every zone in the game or completing
certain quests or beating certain instances or what have you. Well, here's the kind of
interesting thing. Blizzard is creating somewhat of an achievement system of their own because
guess what, StarCraft II and Diablo III, yep, they're going to have achievements as well.
Every achievement earned is going to go towards this Blizzard level that every Blizzard user
is going to use. You could basically think of it like an Xbox Live type thing where you
have a gamer score, but now you're going to have a Blizzard level. Definitely a way to
kind of tie in all the Blizzard universes together. Because you know there's going to
be plenty of people playing all three. I'm not as huge on StarCraft, I might still check
it out. Plus, William loves StarCraft. I don't know if you know that. He's not that big of
a gamer, but he loves StarCraft. So he is all excited about StarCraft II. So he'll probably
make me buy that for him. And then Diablo III I'm excited about because I did like Diablo
II quite a bit. Achievement Whore Loki, are you excited? Eh. But you don't really play
Blizzard games on the computer, do you? No, I used to. I used to play like, um, what was
it? I used to play StarCraft, or not StarCraft, World of Warcraft, not World of Warcraft,
Warcraft! The original Warcraft and Diablo. Never played Diablo II though. Should have.
It's interesting. I was just looking at a chat room here. Pooface says, too bad the
life of a Blizzard game lasts the same of a game console. I don't know, it seems like
Blizzard games last a long time. There's still people that frickin' play Diablo II like it
just came out yesterday. Lieutenant Pliskin says, achievements are all the rage these
days. Yeah, kinda. You see trophies now, and pretty soon I'm sure Nintendo will have something
as well, who knows. Well, something else that is pretty, this makes me very, very, very
happy. There is a rumor now that Sega is going to be bringing back the Jet Set Radio games.
As we know, there was a Dreamcast one, which we actually got as Jet Grind Radio, and then
Xbox had Jet Set Radio Future, and then there was a Jet Set Radio for the Game Boy Advance.
So, there is definite speculation that Sega is going to be bringing this out, but I'll
tell you what's an interesting thing that actually supports this rumor, is that Sega
did file a trademark on July 24th, this year, that's separate from their original filing
for the Jet Set Radio license. Well, I think Jet Set Radio on the Wii would be a pretty
cool thing, don't you? Can you imagine, of course you can do graffiti with the Wii logo.
What if we had it on the iPhone? Too tiny, too tiny. Well, they've been quoted as saying,
well, the president of Sega is quoted as saying that the iPhone is the new Dreamcast. Interesting.
Could you imagine doing your graffiti with your finger? That would be kind of weird to
me, I don't know. And fun. Yeah, maybe for a little while, but I don't know. I do hope
the rumor is true, though. I don't know if I'd be calling the iPhone the new Dreamcast,
that's not a good thing to compare it to. Well, do you have some more news for us, Loki?
Yeah. Well, this kind of goes back to the whole story about achievements. With all these
different systems coming out with their own achievement and trophy and, you know, whatever
systems, there's actually going to be a new site to track all these at the same time.
It's actually being created by Rooster Teeth, who you may remember from the Red vs. Blue
series, among all their other animated machima series. But now they have a brand new website
that's going to database all these, and that site is, what's it called? Small Rewards.
Achievement Hunter, I'm sorry. That's what it's called. And right now I know that they
were saying that they're going to do the 360, the PS3, and of course the iPhone, and maybe
of course they're going to add on these Blizzard ones as well. So, that's pretty cool. They'll
have to track all these different sites. I wonder if they're going to have some sort
of way to add them all together or something like that. Is that really necessary?
Yes, it's very necessary.
Actually, it is kind of funny. I don't know why.
It is. I think it's hilarious.
Darktitsuya says, I'm liking the theme music for stories. You know, I once listened to
a gaming podcast, I don't remember who it was, but they actually play music in the background
the entire show, which is cool because I think they play mostly indie bands and stuff, and
you know, it makes their show unique, so more power to them, but just kind of funny. I never
thought of doing theme music for stories. I think it would be cool if we could actually,
when we're talking about a certain game, have the music from the game playing in the background,
but that takes a lot of coordinated effort, you guys don't even know. I would do it if
we could, but in the meantime, you get Monty Python's Flying Circus.
I don't know what theme music would be appropriate for this. Maybe something about moving on
or something. Wasn't that a DDR song moving on? Penny Arcade Expo is going to the East
Coast in 2010. That is the current rumor going around. Actually, it's not really a rumor.
Tycho himself has said that Penny Arcade Expo is going to be going to the East Coast, and
that doesn't mean that the West Coast show is going to go anywhere. They're turning packs
into multiple places at multiple times type events. Apparently, it's quoted by, the Penny
Arcade team has been quoted from saying, frankly, it should be global. An East Coast show is
only the beginning. So one thing they might announce at Penny Arcade Expo this year is
that there's going to be probably an East Coast show next year, and who knows, maybe
something in Europe? Canada? Who knows? Somewhere maybe outside the US. Hawaii? Australia?
Penny Arcade Expo, Luxembourg. Yes. Penny Arcade, Mozambique. Wouldn't that be fun?
Monaco. To Las Vegas or Monaco, win a fortune in the game. My life would never be the same.
Rob. Ah yes, let's uh. Let's get this part over with.
Yes, it's the mailbag, kids. Every week you email us. Mailbag at orangelauncherator.com.
Let's open up the mailbag, see what you guys have to say this week.
Oh, did we ever get some doozies? I got to say doozy. Well first of all, this comes from
Dave. Hi Dave! Hi Dave. You can't do that, Dave. Sorry. Hey OLR crew, great work on the
show. I was wondering if any of you have checked out giantbomb.com, the new website from former
game spotter Jeff Gertsman and company. It's basically a potentially awesome game focused
wiki. What do you think of it if you've tried it? I'm sure there are tons of randomly awesome
games on Sega systems in its desperate need of Dark Sakura's careful attention. Love the
show and other nice closing pleasantries. Forgive the shit punctuation. Oh, you're forgiven.
Dave from Yeild, England. You're forgiven. Chat room, I'm not stupid. When I said Hawaii
being outside the US, I meant continental US, of course. I'm not dumb. Anyhow, sorry,
email is giantbomb.com. Yes, I actually did visit it and it's sleek. But here's the thing,
if I want game wiki, I usually go to Wikipedia. I'm not exactly sure what is going to make
me visit this site on a daily basis, which is what it's all about, right? That's just
some friendly feedback. I'm not trying to knock the site or anything because it's rather
slick. It's put together rather well and I think they'll get a lot of listeners and certainly
they have some knowledgeable people from the gaming industry working for it, but I'm not
sure there's anything there just yet that's going to make me want to click reload every
six hours. You know what I mean? But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, okay.
But there's a lot of neat information on it. Like there's bios that are pretty well written
for most big people in the game industry and then it ties into the games that they've done.
Um, so if I were looking for specific information that place to go, you know, it does have some
advantages over Wikipedia. I'll give it that. It's not, it's not a bad site by any means
and it's different. It's something different. So props to them. Next. Yes. Our weekly letter
from cheeseburger. You know, you don't have to read every single email. Yes, I do. All
right. No, mostly. All right. Hey guys, today I got a subscription to Xbox live with a headset
camera and some other stuff including two arcade games. I only have halo three and no
arcade games. So what arcade games do you think I should get? I don't like sports and
have things like Pac-Man be Jordan Zuma on my iPod. Well, if you were listening to part
a, I would tell you to go right now and get geometry wars retro evolve too, because I
think it's probably the best game on Xbox live arcade right now. There's symphony of
the night. Which is also a great game. Get it. If you don't have a PS1. Get it. Also
good games. If you like music games, which a lot of our audience does, I don't know where
you stand on that. Not UNO, but Every Extent Extra Extreme, maybe Luminous as well, would
both be good things to look into. Luminous is sweet. If you like music games. If you're
not so much on music games, if you like role playing games, a penny arcade game is actually
pretty low worthy, although it is a little more pricier. But stay away from some of those
retro classic change games. I do like the Pac-Man though, tournament edition. Oh god,
yes, thank you chat. Run, do not walk, rez HD. Yeah. Which could also very well be the
best game on Xbox live arcade. It is a virtual tie with Geometry Wars 2. They are both great.
So run, do not walk, rez and Geometry Wars. Pac-Man Championship Edition, honestly. Whether
you have the original on your iPhone or not, the act-def, I completely agree with that
act-def just saying in chat. It doesn't matter if you already have the original version,
it's different enough. The only thing better than that though was the GameCube Pac-Man
versus. But you don't get that on Xbox Live, so make do. So next up, Hello Sky, DarkSakura
and Loki. Hello emailer. First things first, I wanted to tell you how much I enjoy listening
to your show. Not all gaming podcasts are created equal, and yours is a testament to
that. Thank you. That doesn't necessarily mean we're above the rest, the way that's
working. Oh yes we are, hush. So, moving forward, I just wanted to chime in with my opinion
on Nintendo and this year's E3. As far as I am concerned, the lukewarm reception Nintendo
received was entirely deserving. DarkSakura correctly pointed out that they are a business
and their primary concern is making money, but I fear that their current hard-on for
casual gamer is going to come back and bite them in the ass. The casual market is supporting
them, but it will not sustain them. The Wii has the lowest attach rate of all the current
gen consoles. The fact remains that it is still the hardcore gamers who are the lifeblood
of the gaming companies. Nintendo has the most loyal fanbase of any of the big three,
but if these hardcore fans are made to feel more and more alienated, not all of the Mario
and Zelda sequels in the world will keep them from defecting to another camp that can offer
them more. And by more, I mean hassle-free online and disk-based storage. As someone
who grew up with an NES controller in my hands disappoints me to see Nintendo apparently
dropping me for kindergarteners and soccer moms, and I now know I am not alone in this.
Loki will back me up, I'm sure. Keep on rocking like the proverbial hurricane, raw fish and
beer. This email is brought to you by Mixed Metaphors, home of the ass-biting hard-ons.
Really? That's the best home of thing ever.
Uh, the beat goes on when Nintendo. Beat goes on.
Next up. Hey, O-L-R. Hi. I know Rob is a fan of Rocky Horror Picture Show, and I wanted
to know what his reaction was to the news of MTV creating a remake of the classic film.
If he didn't know yet, I'm sorry to be the bearer of what I see as terrible news. Harry.
Um, yeah, it's, uh, it's, you know, I don't like to judge things until I see them or watch
them or play them or whatever, but in this case, you just kinda know. This has, you know,
remember the old Animaniacs segment? Good idea, bad idea? Bad idea, this right here.
Okay, this is my thought, though. Okay, we saw the redone play, right? Yes. And that
was good. Yeah. What if they had it carry, I guess, the updated music of the new play,
but keep the feel of the old one? Again, I don't want to judge it until I've seen it.
A casting choice is very important as, you know, a lot of it that goes into it, and I
don't want to say that everything MTV touches necessarily turns to shit, because, you know,
rock band's cool, but then again, this is the network that brought us the hills. I mean,
shit, enough said, right? This is the network that started reality TV. I think this is kind
of unnecessary, but it's also inevitable at the same time. If it ain't broke, don't remake
it. I liked the idea better five years ago when the rumor was that the guy who did Priscilla
Queen of the Desert was going to be remaking it with Alan Cumming playing Frank-N-Furter.
Oh my god, wouldn't that be great? See, I was totally fine with that. That would just
be... Now we're five years later, and the rumor's a little less cool. So, we'll see.
SSG100Matt says, OLR needs a Wheel of Morality segment. We do! Wheel of Morality, turn, turn,
turn, show us the lesson that we should learn. Love it. Okay, email! Dun dun dun. Yo, OLR,
this be the GS68. Um, yo, dude. Okay. Okay, enough of the speaking in GhettoSpeak. In response
to Akdeft's call last week, how people who play Rock Band should learn real instruments.
I'd like to say that. Ooh, this is bulleted, too. I'm impressed. People who play One Gun
or Initial D should invest shitloads of money in a real car and then illegally street race
down Highway 101 at 200 miles an hour. People who play Pokeman should capture real animals
and train them. Hi, PETA. Well, that's okay. PETA's a bunch of psycho assholes, anyway.
People who play GTA should learn to hijack cars and kill people in real life. Hi, um,
he who shall not be named. People who play Mulana should explore real life ruins and
get killed in the process. People who play Shoot Em Up should invest in a real space
fighter jet. Oh, wait, those don't exist. That is all, GS68. PS, this email is brought
to you by Tekken, home of the never-ending stages. DJ Ratchet makes a good point going
back to the hills. The hills makes the soup funny. That is true. Without MTV, the soup
would not be nearly as funny. Oh, yes, to that other email. There's more email. Okay,
more email. Um, actually, Robwith2B sent us a couple of stories. Yay! And this one, I
think, is hilarious. It's the top seven irritating female characters in video games. So, if the
stupid ad would ever disappear, because I fucking hate ads. Oh, you know what, I'm about
to just say, screw this, because I hate ads. Stop. Someone's gotta pay the bills. Number
seven is Ashley Williams from Mass Effect. Um, I don't know, I didn't play Mass Effect.
Six is Minnie Mouse. I guess I'm talking about the- Mickey Mousecapade was awesome. Yeah,
Mickey Mousecapade. Screw whoever wrote that. Ashley Graham from Resident Evil 4. Um, moving
forward. God, the internet sucks. Sorry. Four is, um, Mikiko Ebihara from Daikatana. And
then, um, stupid webpage. Next up is, um, it looks like Catalina from Grand Theft Auto
3. And then the Beggar Lady in Assassin's Creed. And then, um, our last one's on the
list. Number one is Navi from The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. Hey, listen. Hey, listen.
Hey, listen. Hey, listen. So, uh. Hey, Yuna was not annoying. That was my roommate contributing
there, Yuna. That was awful, she needed to die. No. Wow, I think, that's like the first
time I think my roommate's kind of gotten into the video game discussion here on the
program. Usually, usually he turns his nose up at the show. He's cooking something that
smells delightful right outside the door, though. Yeah, what's funny is we have the
tornado bringing out, that's how we finally fixed our air conditioning problem. We bought
a tornado to suck in air conditioning from the house and blow it out here. But tonight,
since the roommate is cooking, it sucks and it blows. His very delightful dish is, uh,
we can smell nothing but that out here because it's sucking air from the kitchen. Anyway,
sorry. So, um, another one from Rob, um, I haven't really read the article, but he said,
um, I got this link in GamePolitics.com, a judge disenfranchises the class in class action
suit. And, um, it's about the Grand Theft Auto, um, thing. I'll link it in the chat
room. Um, it says, I'm actually a little surprised since the original suit was not over state
laws, but just about getting more than he paid for. I'd rather be broke, be broken by
providing, by proving the class didn't actually exist. So I'd rather it be broken by proving
the class didn't actually exist. I also retract my E3 2008 as boring comment. If you really
dig into the third-party games and the, uh, non-big announcements, there are a lot of
good information. My original opinion was based, um, all on the A-list games news being
leaked to the interwebs. So it was, uh, spoiled for me. Level up, you now have three character
points to apply towards your stats, Rob. With two Bs. And I'm just looking at this article
real quick. Can I put three points in Awesomeness? Hmm. Okay. Um, it said that the settlement
over the Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, um, uh, settlement was actually hitting a snag
because they're saying on there that the, those who were to benefit from the, uh, that,
that class that they're referring to actually isn't there. So, because not everybody knew
about it until something came out on the internet. But I'll link this in the chat room. It's
an interesting little article. It's, um, for anyone who's interested, just go to, um, it's
actually on the, uh, New York Times blog is, uh, where I linked it to me in the technology
section. Just look up, um, settlement over sex scenes in Grand Theft Auto hits a snag.
I'll link it in the chat room. That's it. All right. If you want to email us, mailbag
at orangelaungeradio.com. All right. It's dot com. We have a couple more news articles
for you guys, and then we're going to be opening up the Skype line. 1-877-GAME-OLR, username
on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Yeah, it's not just coincidence. Well, um, it's only
fair since Rock Band's getting really awesome peripherals from a third-party company that
Guitar Hero World Tour will get awesome peripherals from a third-party company. The third-party
company providing these would be Logitech, and of course they already make the USB microphones
that are used by almost, I'd say, almost all of the music games out there right now. And
they're going to be doing some high-end guitars and drum sets as well. No word exactly what
features these will have, but, you know, if it's Logitech, you can probably guess it's
going to be put together at least pretty well. So, um, yeah. I guess we'll just have to
wait and see when they show these off. Uh, yay, more peripherals to put on the Best Buy
shelves and other gaming stores to take up space. Well, these things are damn expensive.
I mean, if it's anything like that $399 drum set, which I do still want, I don't know why
because I don't play Rock Band, but I want it anyways. Speaking of music games, I've
been kind of brainstorming how I would make a game like Beatmania 2DX work, and I've thought
about, like, a game that would combine Beatmania 2DX and Popin' Music. I think it would be
actually kind of cool. I just wish I had a game company to make it for me. Moving on,
not that anyone cares, but Jamie's going to care about this one. This is a news article
just for you, Dark Sakura. Yes, it's about Ragnarok Online. Not just that, but Ragnarok
Online DS. Now, here's the thing. This was announced quite some time ago, and now we're
starting to wonder, is this game ever going to come out? Well, here's the thing. Ragnarok
Online on the DS, it's not actually going to be an MMO. You don't get to play it with
other people. I'm pretty sure it wouldn't be. Right, and that kind of makes sense, but
it is going to be a single-player role-playing game that apparently has some online features
in it, whatever that means. Some screenshots have come out for the game this week as well,
and it does have that same chibi style that you've come to know and love from the original
Ragnarok Online. I looked at the pictures and I saw a bunny band. Apparently you do
have gestural attack inputs. You use the stylus to kind of draw your attacks and things like
that. December 18th is the day this comes out overseas. Import! Yep, I bet you will.
You know I will. I know you will. Whether or not I can read most of it or not. You know
what I know will happen right now is that we are going to open up the Skype line at
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, and we're going to take a few calls
here on this Part B of our show tonight. We actually kind of jammed through the stories
part of our show tonight. It's only about 815 on the West Coast. That's not bad! Because
here we've got a 10 minute late start tonight. Oh, I thought you said on the East Coast,
I'm like, wait, what? No, no, no, 815 here, but usually we don't get to the Skype line
until like 9 o'clock, so we're doing good tonight. 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, it's not ringing right now, so Loki, do you have any last minute,
or I should start with Dark Soccer, do you have any last minute stories for us? Um, no,
not really. Uh, Loki? Um, I haven't really been looking at last minute stories. Oh, here's
some, yay. Um, Sony's Life, you may remember that, um, as the, their version of the globe
spinning news thing, so that's not coming out right away. It's been delayed. Wow, surprise.
Sony delaying something? Yeah. Anyways. Rock Band, download content. We've got some stuff
coming out this week, including, uh, Crewfest Pack 2, and we're going to be getting with
that, uh, Face Down in the Dirt by Motley Crue for 80 points or a dollar. Um, Rescue
Me by Buck Cherry, another 80 points or a dollar, and Life is Beautiful by 6 AM, and
that's also 80 points or a dollar, whole pack for 240 or 3 bucks. And then each, um, they're
going to have individual songs for BYOB from System of a Down for 2 bucks, and Toxicity
from System of a Down, also 2 bucks, and you might remember those were part of the System
of a Down exclusive download content for when you, um, bought their album, so that's kind
of interesting. And, um, you remember there's a game coming out called Last Guy on the PlayStation
Network, and what's interesting about this game is it's actually very similar to a game
that came out on WTF, the PSP game. Well, they have a website where you can play it
on any URL, which is kind of cool, and of course it's lastguy.jp, go there and you can...
Does it work on our own website?
It'll work on any website.
Would it be fun on our website?
Um...
Let's check it out.
Yeah, lastguy.jp.
Alright.
And, uh...
Skypline's open and no one's calling, that's weird. I just checked it to make sure it works.
I called 1877 Game OLR. Well, it happens sometimes.
Yeah, because I was...
I was supposed to just quiet.
I was supposed to be looking up, um, you know, stories, but I was working on trying to get
the Wiimotes to work with that Love is Blind game, you know, the one that makes the sex
noises, but, uh...
Apparently my Bluetooth adapter says, fuck you, Wiimote, I ain't working with you, bitch.
And so...
Aw, so now we get to play the chat, uh, the sex game?
No, we can, we can. They have a keyboard version too, so...
Oh, well, hooray.
It's just not quite, you know, as...
That's a little bonus thing after the show, right?
Yes.
Okay, that sounds good.
I found, by accident, I found a funny MMO that's, um, all about, uh, getting laid.
And partying.
Right.
It's like some sort of social networking thing, but I thought it was hilarious.
It was called Red Light Center.
I just thought it was funny.
I don't think I'm going to play it, but I think it was funny.
Yeah, so, um...
Yeah, that's pretty much...
The only other story I had was Ubisoft's localizing Armored Core 4 answer for the US,
and it should be coming out in September.
And that's kind of cool, I guess.
Unfortunately, I was very disappointed by Armored Core 4.
I don't know if I'll pick this up.
Probably not.
But...
I don't know.
Can't get too excited anymore.
I used to love Armored Core games.
I used to buy every single one that came out, but...
Oh, well.
Oh, I guess I did miss a game that was supposed to be coming out on the Wii and DS this week.
Little League World Series 2008.
I know. Sad.
Oh, and this week on Xbox Live Arcade.
We've got Braid for, like, 15 bucks.
Is that game supposed to be cool?
It looks kind of neat from the previews.
It's supposed to be pretty cool.
You can kind of, like, it's...
Imagine, like, a 2D platform game with the sands of time built into it.
All right.
Finally, our phone's ringing.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
It's a dead, tired Rama.
Hey, Rama.
You know, and I'm kind of glad somebody called, even if, you know, you call us quite often.
Are you looking at Justin.tv, by the way?
Actually, I'm not because I just got off the bus ride from hell about 40 minutes ago.
I'm wearing your shirt that you got when you were out here in California, the one you bought.
Give me a second.
Let me fire it up and see what you got over there.
Well, no rush.
I'll still be here after we hang up.
What's on your mind?
You went to a con because you've been sending me pictures.
Yeah, did you like the pictures I sent?
Yes, they're really hard to see on my phone.
I liked them because you sent me Knights or Riala, one of them.
I think I sent you both.
I got a Frank-N-Furter one.
I know.
I see Scott.
I also got a Bubble Bobble.
Heart.
There you go.
Heart.
Right, I heart and why.
There you have it.
All right, so how was the con?
What con was it you went to?
It was called what?
Kinetic Con.
Kinetic Con.
How was that?
Much better than I thought it was.
It gave me a Fonami feel to it, so you know what that means, I'll be going back to that convention next year.
Fonami is a good time.
Fonami is a great con.
I got there late Friday night because I had to work and I missed my bus, but I got there Saturday.
I left my camera.
It showed up an hour later.
It wasn't as packed, but it was just really roomy, really flowing.
And then when I got to the room, my roommate tells me, oh, there's going to be furries here.
What?
That was exactly my reaction.
Correct me if I'm wrong, Rama, but did you not say that you missed the bus?
Yeah, getting Friday I missed the bus.
I was stuck waiting at Greyhound for almost an hour to get my ticket changed.
Ha ha ha ha.
I see what you did there, sir.
I missed the bus.
I couldn't help it, I'm sorry.
I know it's probably not funny, but in years you'll look back and laugh at it.
It's all good, man.
It's all good.
Well, I have to ask, what gaming things were going on at the convention?
Would you believe I saw DDR?
At an anime convention?
DDR you don't say?
First I was seen in like five cons.
Was there Smash Brothers?
Yes, there was.
I'll be damned.
Wait, wait, wait, hold on, hold on. Was there Guitar Hero?
Yes, there was.
I'm on a fucking roll. Look at this. I'm like the psychic con man.
Here's the fun thing to ask was if there was...
Was there a Naruto game?
Actually, not in the dealer's room.
One of the gaming dealers was showing off one of the Naruto games for PlayStation 2.
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Psychic con man, hold on, hold on.
Was there a woman overweight dressed to Sailor Moon?
No.
Ah, I lose.
That's impossible. That's a prerequisite for any con.
Did you have Manfay? I miss Manfay.
God, no. I think we shoot him.
All right. Anything else you want to share with the listeners, Rama?
There was beat mania, I tell you that much.
Oh, all right.
And one thing I loved about the con was they had a place set up in the convention where you could actually sit down and eat on tables.
Wow. Ooh, Frisbee asked a good question. Was there an overweight man dressed to Sailor Moon?
Actually, no. Believe it or not, there really wasn't any overweight people.
There was, but most of them were wearing Lolita outfits.
Con fails.
Con fails.
Metacon is a combination of a, it's a majority of a webcomic convention with anime, sci-fi, fantasy.
That sounds like fun.
Yeah, it does.
I forget his name, but the guy that played Neelix on Voyager was there as well.
Cool.
Ethan something isn't his name?
I wanted his own.
Yes.
You didn't give me his autograph, did you?
I had no money.
I didn't even know he was there until I showed up Saturday.
Okay, I forgive you.
There's a, you know, if you go to...
You didn't give me your ominous autograph. I mean, that shouldn't be something.
I know, I found my book. Finally, I found my book.
Woot.
Yes, dear Richard, there was anime. Tons of it.
I'll be sending you my book.
Rama, we gotta let you go, but have a good one, okay?
You too, all right.
Later.
That's great.
Something tells me the callers are fairly apathetic tonight.
Thank you, Ethan Phillips is his game guru. That's his name.
The other one, you know what, Tuvok is from Sacramento, so you sometimes catch,
I've never seen him, but I see stories about him on the local news once in a while.
You know, celebrity Tim something, what's his name?
Tim something?
What the hell is Tuvok's name? I don't remember.
Oh well.
Let's go to the phone so we have another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Oh my god, we got through.
Yes, we did.
Hi.
Whoa, we've got like a party chat on the line.
Introduce yourselves.
Wow, this is like a party line from like the 80s or something.
I know.
Let's call anything.
It's party chat.
We should meet up at Chuck E. Cheese afterwards.
Who's on the line?
We've got Toshin, Footy Monster, Jack Ransom, and the Rod D.
Wow, it's like an all-games party line.
It is a party line.
Awesome.
Call 1-900.
Here to call.
1-900.
I'm around, it's always a party. That's the way it rolls.
What do we owe this phone call tonight?
I just wanted to say I beat your deadline score on Geometry Wars and you're going down.
F you.
F you.
I just did, like five seconds ago.
Geometry Wars brings out the most competitive in all of us, doesn't it?
Yeah.
How about my pacifism score?
It's Geometry Wars, baby.
Dude, I played pacifism for an hour trying to get that stupid wax off achievement.
Have you beat my pacifism score?
Um, I don't think so.
Well, at least I'm still cool at something.
Yeah, but I bumped up my, uh, I know everybody's probably shut up about Geometry Wars,
but I'm up to five million for my deadline.
Did you hear about the Easter egg in Geometry Wars,
that at any point during the game you don't even have to pause it?
You just hit the right bumper and back, and then if you use the sticks,
the both analog sticks, the game is rendered in 3D.
It's crazy.
It's so crazy, like, you don't pause the game at all,
just while you're playing it hit the right bumper, not the trigger, but the bumper,
hit right bumper and the back button, and you can, like, render the field in 3D.
It's so cool.
And then if you touch the dot in the room with the dragon ducks,
then you can see, created by Warren Robinette, and it's awesome.
It's like that.
Oh, God.
But in 3D, dude.
That's awesome.
3D.
How do you get, how do you go back?
Because now it's in the moment of my game.
Uh, hit right bumper and back again.
Okay, oh, okay, there we go.
Wow, you're playing Geometry Wars while you talk to us?
That's very impressive.
I know.
So what about the other folks on the line?
He's a savant of Geometry Wars.
Are you guys playing Geometry Wars, or are you guys playing?
Well, I can't play anything anymore, because my 360 died after five months,
so I can't play anything.
So, nephew of the week.
Being in Argentina, you're kind of screwed, huh?
I'm totally screwed.
I called Microsoft, they said basically, well, fuck you, we don't care.
And, uh, yeah.
So I'm out of 500 bucks and a 360.
It's awesome.
That sucks.
That is crappy customer service.
I mean, I understand you're at a regional, I didn't really do business with it.
I tried, I tried messaging, like, through Twitter to Major Nelson.
He tried my luck there.
Of course, nothing happened.
Well, yeah, he probably gets 500 emails a day.
Sucks, though.
I will say this before I end my part of talking here,
because I know you probably have a lot more calls to take.
Actually, not really tonight.
But, uh, Rhythm Heaven or Rhythm Tengoku Gold on the DS,
you guys need to play that.
I know there's a lot of rhythm fans, you know, in the audience, rhythm game fans.
You need to play that.
It's like the WarioWare game of rhythm games, and it's so fun.
Ooh, I like WarioWare.
Tell us really quickly, is that what the game's like, WarioWare?
It's, yeah, I imagine, uh, each stage, four, five minigames per stage,
with a final stage being a remix,
each game is totally different in gameplay, and it's a small song, or a small thingy.
And from that, you advance the remix stage,
and in the remix you play all those minigames crumpled together into one cohesive song.
So you gotta switch gameplays on the fly all the time.
And it goes like that for many, many levels, and it's so fun.
Great music, really catchy, the action on the stylus works perfectly, and it's so fun.
Alright, sounds pretty cool, I will have to look at that.
Yeah, I've just been playing an old copy of Super Robot Wars Alpha I got from a friend a while ago,
since I'll be going to Otacon next week to see Jam Project.
And actually, I'm gonna meet up with Rama, probably.
He didn't even know it was too lame to go, even though Rama and I offered to pay his way.
Aww. What?
Yep.
Sorry, I have to reflect on that. That's horrible.
What about games you've been playing, JackRansom?
Well, my PSP miraculously, after a year and a half, fixed itself this weekend,
so I decided I'd go out and pick up Patapon.
Pata-pata-pata-pon!
Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. That game is nuts!
Oh, my friend is freaking nuts, and I absolutely love it.
I actually got how many goddamn great games there were on the PSP.
You start hearing those little drum beats in your sleep if you've played that game long enough.
It's terrible. You're lying there, trying to go to sleep, and then,
PON PON PATA PON PON PON PON PON PON PON PON.
I cannot wait to get to that stage, because at the moment, I need more of that game.
I want more of that game. I'm loving it.
Hooray for a PSP getting a lot of good games lately. It's great.
Certainly.
All right, well, guys...
Hooray for the Summer of Arcade...
Sorry, go ahead, Toushin, real quick.
I said Summer of Arcade for Xbox Live. I'm going to be broke. That's all I'm saying.
For real. I don't know about that Braid game. I'll have to check out the demo first, because I haven't heard much about it.
I'm skipping that.
But the rest of that looks great. I know, I'm going to be broke.
Playing Bionic Force next week. Galaga Legion's the next. I need money.
You know what, though? If you add it all up, it's the price of, like, Soul Calibur IV.
So, honestly, it's, you know...
That also kicks ass. I highly recommend that for all the Soul Calibur fans.
Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD coming.
Oh, yes. Hopefully soon.
Toushin, we need to play custom characters in Soul Calibur IV. Soon.
You going to be around later? Because I'm around.
I might. I have a wow date after the show, but maybe later.
We'll talk.
All right. Take care, guys. I've got to let you go. We're going to wrap up the show. Have a good one, though.
All right.
Bye, Party Chat.
That's great.
It's like we leveled up together. It was a party adventure.
All right. We're going to go around to this point and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap it up for tonight.
Let's go ahead and start with...
And when I say a wow date, I don't mean, like, I'm literally going on a date in wow.
I mean, I have an appointment or whatever you want to call it.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Ouch.
My final thought is paper cuts really suck.
Loki, your final thought?
Red Bull BC one's actually pretty good on the DS.
All right.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and downloading Orange Launch Radio Independent Podcasting.
Remember, the only way we survive is that you guys tell two friends about our show and the word continues to travel throughout the galaxy.
And one day, Yoda and Darth Vader will be in our show.
Or not.
But anyhow, tune in. We'll be back next week.
It's two weeks that we're going to be off.
Next week, we will be back here.
The All Games Listener Appreciation Month should be in full swing by next week.
I can tell you there will be a prize token given away to live listeners.
We will also have a way you can enter over email, so stay tuned for that.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
And we'll be seeing those of you that are going to PAX four weeks away, if you can believe it.
We're going to PAX.
We're going to have some seafood and maybe play some video games.
And?
And.
I have to look around the city.
And we need some coffee.
Lots of it.
And we are going to be going to Space Needle at some point.
Yes.
I have to.
And I want it to rain.
And I'm going to try to push Loki off the Space Needle.
And I want it to rain.
Yes.
Come on, Loki.
Sounds awesome.
Alright.
Alright, have a good one everybody.
Thank you so much.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week.
