My gaming PC has a 2080 Ti and I've been enjoying max graphics quality for everything
I play.
Tonight I learned that Diablo 4 will officially end this streak and now I will have to start
saving up for a graphics card that's going to be at least 200% more voluminous for 1%
better graphics.
Gotta get ready for that 8K ray-traced DLSS lifelock frames for a second, we live in a
simulation quality!
This is your better than real life quality update, now it's time for your hosts Rob
Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's
gaming news.
Starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, we're here once again, episode number 958 of our show for
tonight April the 30th of 2023 and you know what that means of course, tomorrow it's going
to be what?
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, hey how are you doing?
Hi.
Hi.
I'm sore.
You're sore?
Yeah, I did two hours of ballet today.
Oh fun.
I actually started my first online class and even though it was a beginner, just imagine
being on one foot with one lifted just to the ankle and going from demi-plié directly
into relevé so you're, it's like a half squat and then all the way on your tiptoes, ten
times in a row in one foot.
I hurt in places I did not know I could hurt before because ballet does not use like most
of the muscles you would think of in sports, it uses a lot of those little muscles.
But then that means it's good.
That's good.
You're working them out.
But being in a turnout with your feet like that, it's all rotation from the hips and
honestly enough, my hip doesn't hurt in the way it normally does, it's the muscles that
hurt so I'm feeling really good about it.
Ironically, tying it back to games, that's how I felt after Wii Fit you know or even
oh god Ring Fit, remember Ring Fit?
Even just kind of going through that the first few times, it's like oh I definitely need
to work out more because you know this is wearing me out.
I should try those types of games again now that I've had a better cardio routine in the
last couple of years than I've had in a very long, since I was in my 20s honestly.
So yeah.
I want to get Ring Fit for the yoga stuff.
I don't know if I'll need a balance board for any of that.
No, Ring Fit's independent from the balance board stuff.
But the thing is, is that I think our Wii is in a box somewhere, somewhere.
And so I might have to find something else.
I would love it if there was something that would use one of the sensor cameras.
Going back to earlier technology that was, that tried to be big, that would be good for
registering like your general position, like you're in a certain place, although it wouldn't
necessarily work with a bar I think because the bar would take up space, but just something
that generally would measure is your foot in the right position, are your hips in the
right turnout, things like that.
I think that would be really tremendous and I think Nintendo would be the right company
to do something like that with their focus on general health and wellbeing and group
oriented activities, I'd say.
I don't see them doing it through a camera, but the whole idea of like strapping joy cons
and using the joy cons to kind of measure positions, I could see that.
And actually, since you do kind of reference it, I could see, we kind of have no idea what
to expect from Nintendo after Zelda, right?
Like we really don't know, like we know Metroid Prime 4 is being worked on for something at
some point, but generally we don't know what Nintendo plans to release.
And I would think another fitness game would be like, I don't want to say like a low hanging
fruit, but I don't know what it's called, like an easy win for Nintendo for the holiday
to do some type of, even if it's not like Ring Fit Adventure 2, some type of switch
fitness type of thing would just seem like an easy thing for Nintendo.
But here I am, video games are easy to make, just push a button, I get it.
But I still feel like a game like that probably takes less developmental muscle than something
like a Zelda or a Mario even where you're designing all these levels and graphics to
go with them and everything else.
So I don't know.
This is where I think Peloton could get into the gaming industry.
They kind of, some might argue they're trying to already, yeah.
They're very rudimentary, but yes.
If they put out their bikes for how expensive they are, what if they put out like a mocap
suit that just has the sensors built into the suit and then you work out in the suit
or you have like little sensors you attach to certain parts of yourself and then you
would move along with it.
And then on top of that, they re-market it as a controller, instead of how terrible the
activator was, we now have the Pelotator?
Call me Peloton, I'm smart.
Not to go too far down this rabbit hole, but oops, it is an episode of OLR.
The thing with Peloton is that they're kind of known for being extremely pricey and now
they're having a hard time, now that pandemic lockdowns are easing up and people are going
back to their traditional gyms, they're having a hard time hanging on and I think if they
can lower that cost by maybe putting out like teaming up and putting a Peloton app
on Switch or even Xbox, PlayStation, you name it, or just general something that's on all
three and doing something a little more accessible, I think would be like a win for them.
But what do I know?
I'm just some person.
But I know Mishkins knows a thing or two in our chat saying if I had the money, I'd buy
a bike with the gaming screen, something along those lines.
Anyway, I hate to ignore, I need to say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hi, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
What do you think of all these exercise games?
Now I joke that you wouldn't play any of these exercise games, but it's actually, you have
one in your garage that you're also not playing, but it's not like we all didn't meet playing
a video game, Dance Dance Revolution, for those who don't know, that led to a lot of
exercise, right?
Yeah, that's for sure.
I mean, I don't know.
I just don't think they're going to release one because I don't think it's going to sell
well, probably because I don't think, you know, anything beyond like Wii Sports hasn't
sold as well as Wii Sports.
So like even Switch Sports Resort or whatever it's called now, not the system seller like
Wii Sports was, you know, so I don't think they would do it again.
There's something to be said about when Nintendo was parading around their new consoles around
the circuit and when it was the Wii, they would show Wii Tennis, Wii Bowling right then
and there as this is what the console can do.
With the Switch, it was Zelda Breath of the Wild was the big game they were showing.
Maybe a little, I would say maybe 10% 1-2 Switch and those little tech demo games and
90% Zelda Breath of the Wild and that whole thing.
And that's what people associate with the Switch.
So when you put out the sports game kind of like after the fact, I think it was just harder.
I would bet, I would bet the average gamer doesn't even know that game exists.
I would bet the average gamer that bought Wii Sports has no idea.
Switch, did you know Switch did a sequel to Wii Sports?
Yeah, yeah, that's it, that's it, that's Nintendo's problem.
So they need to take that shit on The View or just more, not that I'm saying Jamie watches
The View, but other places that, you know, are a little more to hit at the mainstream
folks and, you know, these things.
I don't know why that was the thing that came to mind.
It just was.
On the subject of the Peloton stuff, I always thought it was funny that like in our local
mall here in Roseville, they have a, how do you know what you call it?
Like, I don't think it's a Peloton store.
It's like a, I call it a cage because that's what it is.
It's a Peloton cage that's in the middle of the mall that you can buy a membership
to to go use the machines in the middle of the mall, like exposed to everybody.
I literally thought that was a showroom.
I thought they were selling the bikes there.
I didn't know that was.
No, I think that you buy membership to that because I remember reading, like, I was like,
I walked in there to look at it.
I'm like, oh, those look expensive.
And then I saw the thing about membership.
Like, who the hell do that?
Like, why would you buy a membership to that?
There's a lot of people who put themselves on display while working out.
I've seen gyms at malls before, but usually they're in the anchor store position.
And I know what's weird about that one is the Peloton is like between, you know, you
know how a mall is like your, your JC Penny on one side and your, I don't know, Sears
or what's in a mall, Nordstrom on the other side or something.
And then between them are all the other stores, right?
That's Peloton is in between.
So I get it.
Like, usually if there's a Crunch Fitness or something, it's, it's on, it's in one
of those anchor spaces.
So it's interesting to be a partnership in advertising.
You know, you have the product out there with real people using it in the middle of the
store and it sparks interest in, in buying when people see, oh, that's how it works.
I see these people, you do the thing.
Why, why don't I have something like that at home?
So I don't have to embarrass myself in the middle of the mall.
I legit thought it was a showroom.
I didn't even realize people actually went in there to work out.
I mean, I thought it was at first, but then, but they know it's, it's.
I guess it's both, but there's also the population paid to advertise.
Have you seen now that car dealerships are in malls?
That's weird to me because you can only fit one or two cars in there, but it's things
like Tesla.
And I've seen another one too.
There, there are places that are, um, like you, you see the one car and then come over
here to this tablet to build your own car, to your own specifications type of thing.
Yeah, weird.
Yeah, it is a little wild.
Tiger claw and chat says malls are a dying breed.
You wouldn't know it from that one in Roseville.
That you just referenced.
And you would know for the one, you would know for the one.
Actually, I, I went to, to Arden fair, um, the week of my birthday.
Cause I had to go get my, my free gift at Sephora and use my Sephora gift card.
Don't judge me.
Um, and, uh, it was pretty busy there too.
Actually it was, and I got to see like the, well, one of my stores is gone.
I'm very sad, but, uh, there were a lot of like different stores as they're in some more
higher end stuff.
Like I think the Armani store is still there.
There's a coach store.
There's the, the, the Sears is of course, um, I think closed up.
Yeah, it's gone.
Yeah, but you know, it's still, it's still kind of lively there.
You know, it is showing up more and more at malls.
I swear.
I feel like I'm repeating myself from two weeks ago.
So stop me if I am.
But, but it's, it's all the like, um, import Japanese plushie, anime stuff.
Like I swear I see like three of those stores in every mall now.
And, but not, and even, even more like Miniso, which is a great store.
I love that place, but it's, it's a lot of that stuff showing up.
I didn't see a Miniso there, but I didn't look.
I almost stayed on the bottom floor.
It's upstairs.
That's why you missed it.
It's upstairs by the carousel.
I was almost at where the carousel used to be, but I think it actually is still there.
I just, out of sight.
I'm sad that Morphe is gone.
Cause that's where I get my eyeliner.
Hello.
But, um, the, the, the candy store is still there.
I remember when that mall had a TV studio inside the mall.
Remember that they used to do the new news on channel three at the mall and they tried
to do like, they tried to do a today show thing where you could stand behind the wall
and, you know, try to be like, that was, that was the one.
And now it's like a Verizon store.
Like it's not even anything like what it was before my time.
Oh yeah.
No, I thought it was only about 10, 15 years ago that that was there, but I could be, I
don't know.
Anyway, malls, malls, good times.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's get into the actual, where are the arcades?
Well, yeah.
Round one, new mall anchor store that seems to be, and you know what we were talking about
our malls dying or aren't they, aren't they dying?
It all depends on those anchor stores.
That is it.
Like, it seems to me like the malls live and die by those anchor stores and the things
that are in it.
And that's why like sunrise mall is that like surprised me about sunrise because they had
a Macy's.
Well, the best thing about, they have the split Macy's.
They're actually, you know what?
Those Macy's are actually better than any other one in the area because they're still
split.
So there's a larger selection there than there is in any other one in Alabama.
We didn't have Macy's in my town.
It's just real estate is expensive.
Yeah, no, it's true.
Yeah.
Dillard's and Parisian and gaffers.
A lot, a lot of them just started eating each other up.
So, cause my mom's favorite store was wine stocks and I think, I think Macy's bought
them at some point.
You know what store I miss Rob before we move on?
What?
I missed, uh, Woolworth's.
Oh yeah.
Those used to, well, there's, there's still a thing overseas.
There's still a thing overseas, but we, they're there.
I don't think they're even close to the same thing that they used to be.
No, they're not the, they're not the same thing.
But like, I remember for a long time, our Woolworth's had like a soda counter.
And, um, I, the thing I remember most about them is that they had the clothing racks that
were big and circular.
And when I was like six, I would just go hide in there.
And my mom would be like, Jamie, I know you're in one of these things.
You better come out by the count of three.
I'd come out by two.
Uh, Mike Defton chat says we have Woolworth's in Mexico.
They're different though.
It's one of those things where like somebody took the name and modernized it.
It's not, it's not what it used to be.
So, but anyway, all right.
I was going to say, even though they're tearing down sunrise mall, they're going to be keeping
the anchor stores anyways, and then converting like parking lot space in the condos or apartments
or something.
Yeah.
They're keeping one of the Macy's, I think, and the JC Penney's.
But yeah, like half the, like, remember the old cinemas?
If you walk down that side of the mall, it is all gone.
Like it is all just empty.
So it's like closed off.
Oh, is it now?
Oh yeah.
They have the whole side gate.
It wasn't last time I was there.
The movies there was with Monet.
Oh, that was a long time.
Oh boy.
We, we went to play a Pikmin at the mall and we walked around and it was, we were laughing
our asses off walking down the one side going, wow, there's literally nothing here.
But we, we just sprouted two, uh, big flowers or whatever they are in that game.
Anyway.
All right.
We got to get into other gaming news.
Let's get into the kickoff topic for tonight.
Sometimes, sometimes our age creeps through a little bit.
Oh, but I haven't said, of course we do tape live.
If you want to dive down in nostalgia rabbit hole with us, you sure can.
Every Sunday night, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the voice of geeks
network, twitch.tv slash V O G network, where we type tape, type, type, type live typing
of the dead type live right after the Bobby black Wolf show, except he's not here next
week, but that's okay.
We're still going to do our thing next week.
Um, Loki real quick, since we are taping live on Twitch, I meant to ask this video playing
behind you tonight.
Is that a tiny Tina Wonderland?
Yes, it is.
Aha.
I got it.
I got one.
All right.
Nice.
All right, let's get into, um, our kickoff topic tonight, which has to do a, well, this
is like a current thing going on, but I wanted to kind of ask about why is this so important,
but let's get into it.
Loki, what do we want to start talking off talking with horizon, uh, forbidden West had
some DLC come out.
Bernie shore is not that long ago and, um, it was good.
You know, the DLC was good.
Um, you might not know it if you look at Metacritic and some of the user scores.
The contention comes that there is a scene which alloy, um, kisses a woman names, uh,
sake Saka.
And so people like, Oh no, well, the gay I'm gonna, you know, I, I don't like it and I'm
going to review bomb it because I am homophobic and it's stupid, but that's, what's happening
is people are using it to wait, wait, wait.
I, I, this is a series a hundred percent serious question.
What kind of kiss is it?
Like, is it, is it a long kiss where a little, uh, like, is it that or is it just like a
pet?
Because I believe it is a fairly cultural norm, especially depending on what part of
the country you are for women to potentially like Peck each other is not like a big deal,
like at all, like, so is it a Peck kiss or is it a loving kiss?
Uh, I don't know.
I'm skipping through the video to figure that out.
Okay.
Maybe somebody in the chat does not appear to be like, I don't think it's any like long
kiss.
I don't know.
I know.
I know.
I know it's a weird question to ask, but it is a long romantic kiss, but it's not even
that long.
It's like, uh, like a minor, like it is a romantic kiss, but it's not like, uh, you
know, yeah, it's a romantic kiss, I guess.
Okay.
Okay.
Why should people care?
Yeah, no.
And I, I was going to get to that is like, it really shouldn't matter, but I was more
going to go down the rabbit hole of like, wow, these snowflakes are really sensitive
if it was going to be just like a little bit of a pack, you know?
So, uh, but you're right.
It shouldn't, it shouldn't matter what the type of kiss is.
People are pushing the gay agenda on them.
Like, Oh my God, people.
Like, it's just ridiculous.
Right.
But I think that they didn't know because there wasn't like a warning on the DLC or
something.
Like you shouldn't need a warning.
It's not, I understand that you're preaching to the choir.
We're standing here behind you going, amen, amen.
It's it's, you know?
Yeah.
It's just dumb.
So yeah.
So they're, they are review bombing it saying that, you know, uh, homosexuals are putting
a dirty agenda and sabotage what could have been a beautiful story.
Blah, blah, blah.
Guerrilla games, retcon the main character for LG LGBTQ nonsense.
Um, you know, that kind of stuff.
It's just dumb.
What?
So what is the homosexual agenda?
Like I, I've never, I thought it was just going to brunch on Sunday.
I know.
I don't expect anyone here to actually be able to answer that, but it's that, it's that
whole thing of like, wait a minute.
When you say they're pushing the homosexual agenda, literally, what is that?
Because I can stay as a long time homosexual.
My agenda is like, did we get the cats enough food?
Are brunch plans still on for Sunday?
Did I leave the gas on?
It's the straight men's fear that gay men are going to look at them the way they look
at women.
No, I don't think it's even that necessarily.
Maybe partly that, but what it is is that they feel that being gay is a choice.
It is not the way you're born.
It is just a choice.
And that because it's a choice, that it is that this influence and normalization of this
stuff is going to turn straight people gay, like their children gay.
That's why that they're afraid of the whole like trans like education and stuff like that
and gender affirming care is because they feel that people talking about stuff is going
to open their kids eyes into changing genders or something like that.
It's stupid.
It's because they're afraid they're going to be, they're going to learn how wrong they
were.
It's because the big bad men on TV tell them that they should be afraid of this.
And that's why those people have, you know, billion dollar lawsuits and get fired from
their stations.
So whatever.
No, I, I get it.
Cause I've heard that before the whole, like, Oh, they're trying to convert kids.
And it's like, I, I have, what, in what universe does that make sense?
Why, why do I want to sit here and recruit?
Like I, for a multitude of reasons, that is just like wrong.
Like it's being gay with pedophilia, which I can't stand that.
Oh, you want to set me off and you want me to go zero to bitch in five seconds, do that
equation.
Cause that pisses me off.
Sorry, Jamie.
People are, people are using the, the larger numbers of, I guess, known LGBTQ plus people
in the world to, to support their stupid theory.
When all it is is that people are less afraid and are more public.
And, and they, they want, there's, there's a certain mindset that goes in a group that
is the majority.
And this is psychology.
Now this is psychology.
They start seeing themselves becoming outnumbered and fear they're becoming the minority and
that they're going to lose their social power.
And so the people with the, I would say most amount of influence in that particular circle
are going to try to spread whatever information that they need to, to keep more of the quote
majority on their side, to keep perpetrating the way things are.
They want the status quo thing is status quo already changed and they just didn't.
And they just are now noticing.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, I feel like we could, we're appreciative of the choir.
I feel like if you've gotten this far in the podcast, you, you know how we feel on this
topic.
And if you disagree, I don't know what to tell you at this point.
So that all being said, there's a kind of another part to this that Metacritic now is
having to respond to, right?
They've responded to says Metacritic is aware of the abusive and disrespectful reviews of
Horizon Forbidden West burning chores.
We have a moderation system in place to track violations of our terms of service.
Our teams review each and every report of abuse, including, but not limited to racist,
sexist, homophobic insults to other users, et cetera.
If violations occur, the reviews are removed.
We are currently evolving our process and tools to introduce stricter moderation in the
coming months.
So yeah, it sucks that they're doing this.
I mean, honestly, people should be complaining about other games like Star Wars for, you
know, quality issues, not necessarily.
You may remember not even that long ago, people were upset that alloy had facial hair because
she's a human woman, allegedly human, human looking.
And and guess what?
Women have hair on their face.
Oh my God, it's a shock.
Like these are there are women who have full beards.
It's just it's it's ridiculous.
Yeah, that's actually a medical condition, though.
It's yeah.
So let me ask this question.
Here's here's here's where I find myself when I see a story about these types of review
bombings.
And I don't I don't want to, like, belittle the situation or anything, because I understand
like this is messed up with these review bombers are doing.
And I am glad that Metacritic is taking steps to address and try to weed out some of this,
you know, systematic bullshit that seems to come up every time.
But it leads me back to this point.
Why do why do Metacritic user reviews fucking matter in the first place?
I have never in my life let that website or any like it.
This isn't me picking on Metacritic.
It's me picking on these type of, you know, hive mind user review site, reading the comment
type of places.
I have never let those influence my decision.
Now I'm going to quantify that and say, I will listen to user reviews from trusted friends
on social media, on, you know, Twitter when I'm feeling okay about Twitter or Facebook
or Instagram or whatever, you know, I guess blue sky.
Now I can throw in the conversation or any of that stuff.
I trust I trust users that I know.
And I've, I've had like a friendship with or Twitch streamers is actually, well, if
we're going to talk about video games, I absolutely make informed decisions from Twitch streamers.
I like, and even random, like if I'm on the fence about a game, like, Oh, am I finally
going to suck it up and buy stranger paradise, finally found fantasy origin.
It's because I'm watching other streamers play it and decide, or, you know, one of my
closest friends is in my ear going, it's $20.
Rob is $20.
Rob, you said you buy it was $20 and I'll let you all guess who it is.
It's $20.
It's $20.
Go get it.
Go get it.
It's $20.
And then finally I buy the game based on those.
Does it squish and end with aim?
Yes.
Because he has a pain in my ear all of the time.
He's a pusher.
Yes.
But anyway, um, my point still stands since when, and let me ask this question.
I opened this to chat.
I opened the, Oh, Shane's ears are burning.
I opened this to chat.
I opened this to anybody.
Actually, I opened this up specifically to Shane and invite him to answer this question.
Do Metacritic or, uh, sites like it, do these reviews scores matter to you?
I would say it, they don't necessarily like the user reviews don't matter too much to
me.
Like sometimes it's good to get like here, like what users think about that.
It's more useful, I think for aggregating, like actual reviews for something.
So it makes it a little bit faster to like find that kind of stuff.
But yeah, user reviews are pretty much trash because it's either gonna be a 10 or a zero.
And it, it really doesn't matter what it is.
Pro reviews don't matter to me either.
I mean, we grew up in the age of, you know, uh, Cisco and Ebert and they've been so wrong.
Yeah.
I want to look to the people who I know who have similar, um, taste to me, what they say.
Yeah.
That's gonna weigh most of all.
I can't say I never look at pro reviews because maybe if I'm kind of on the fence, I'll kind
of go, all right, what's kind of like the general consensus from professionals, but
I never go to what's the general consensus from the peanut gallery.
I'll look for, uh, articles of criticism from people that I know are very even with their
criticism.
Cause you know, another one of my little catch phrases is be critical of what you love.
And I like when people say, start off, I am a fan of this game, but here are the problems
or here's what could be better.
And I feel very, I like when someone who loves what they're doing, like for example, I love
Xanadu, but it's not a great movie.
And I can tell you why, you know, but I still love it.
Yeah.
You know, that, that my criticism is coming from a place of love.
Absolutely.
There's plenty of movies like that where I can go, I absolutely understand why people
hate this movie, but you know what?
This is my moment.
This is my, this is my thing.
I get it.
I get it.
Looking at chat, you got a lot of comments in chat.
Pod Culture says, I look more at what you guys have to say TBH.
Well, that's very, that's very kind and very flattering.
And we appreciate that platform.
You know, it's a tiny platform.
It's one little two by four piece of plywood that we get to stand on here at OLR.
But we appreciate those of you that do.
But I would file us in that same bucket of Twitch streamers and, you know, like your,
your friends basically on these types of platforms that, you know, get you to see games you might
not have seen otherwise.
I'm fond of the phrase that opinions are like assholes.
They should only come out when people want to see them.
Ooh, this is, this is something where we should clip this because Shane says, I shockingly
think Rob hit it on the head.
Well, time, time stamp date that one, quote it, put it on the back of the box.
Friends and Twitch are what helped me decide, or I'll go in blind because of previews or
my own opinions.
So, but yeah, Rob, you're welcome.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Could you?
Yes.
I'd like to actually post that on social media later.
Let's see, fifth dream in chat says I'm likely to check out a free to play MMO.
A streamer I like is playing because there's no risk, but I generally know what I will
like.
That's also a very good point about like free to play when the, when the cost is free, like
actually nothing will win me over more than a really good demo.
So as much as I'm joking about Shane and the $20 tag on this stranger paradise PlayStation
four that I keep holding up, by the way, it's PlayStation four because it has free upgrade
to PS five and PS five was sold out.
Um, but, uh, my point is it actually was the demo for this game that made me pay attention
and go, huh?
I liked that a lot more than I thought I would.
And on the flip side, there's been a meme here at VOG network on our little two by four
piece of plywood platform.
We've had, there's been a meme here about the game Nino Cooney that dates back what
like fucking like 13 years.
How old is that game?
It could probably be a classic game of the week at this point.
It's at least 10 years old at this point.
That game had a terrible demo because it didn't set things up and really explain what you
were trying to do correctly.
And it left a bad taste in your mouth because it was really hard to kind of get through
the demo.
And so it made people actively not want to buy that game.
So anyway, a demo is, I think the demos even more than anything else, I've said the biggest
thing that will influence my opinion, because it kind of goes back to what Fifth Dream had
said earlier.
It's basically a free opportunity to look at it, you know, a free opportunity to test
it out or what have you.
So if we're all sitting here going, we don't care what these folks in the peanut gallery
have to say, then why are company, why do companies seem to care?
They don't know how to think for themselves.
I mean, the people who are gathering the data are corporate level.
They're not the people that are actually playing the games.
All they care about is what a number is.
And if they see, oh, X number of consumers say this, that's all they're looking at.
They're not looking at the content of it.
You know, I'm very lucky that the company that I work for has a really good feedback
page with very specific things that they ask for.
What's wrong?
What's your ideas?
What's this?
And I think that video game companies would benefit from something like that, where people
can actually leave structured feedback with a form.
Why do you feel this way?
What is the issue with this?
On what ranking would you give this aspect of the game?
Right.
Instead of just a 200 character tweet where people say whatever they want, which isn't
always glamorous.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
Exactly.
But they forget exactly what, you know, the.
What's the word I'm thinking of?
What?
How the population acts, because I'm sorry, people will flock.
It's a natural thing that no one wants to be publicly wrong.
It takes, I think, a strong individual to be able to offer a differing opinion and back
it up.
Yeah, but so the majority of people, they don't want to be that that nail that gets
hammered down.
They want to go with the crowd and be cool.
So you're not always getting an honest opinion out there.
You're getting a bandwagon.
Bobby Blackwolf with some receipts and chat, by the way, stating that Nino Cooney was released
in America in January 2013.
So it just recently became eligible as a classic game by those standards.
But Bobby does go on to point out that was just like the first US game.
There were some Japan only titles in the first Nino Cooney game ever came out in 2010.
So if it felt like the series is a little older, that might be why.
So, yeah, you know, on the whole subject of, you know, user reviews, I think back to a
company we talked a lot about last week, and that's Niantic.
And I'm not going to retread that whole ground tonight, but I do remember with a game of
theirs, I've played a lot more Ingress.
When they went from some of you may or may not know this, they actually released a whole
new client for Ingress.
So imagine they took like Pokemon Go and release like a complete new version of it that just
ran on the same back end.
That's what they did with Ingress at one point.
So there was what they called Ingress scanner redacted or basically original vanilla Ingress.
And then they released Ingress Prime.
And then at some point they turned off the original Ingress client because they wanted
people to move to Prime.
And this is when it started getting review bombed like crazy because change is scary.
People liked what they liked in the original scanner and the new scanner could sometimes
be a little bit more of a resource hog.
It wasn't optimized as good at this point.
You know, it was, I think there was one or two features it was still kind of missing
and didn't have true parity with the original client with.
So it got review bombed to hell.
And I remember the company seemed to actually kind of take it personally in a way.
A year later when they fixed a lot of issues and started rolling new things out and kind
of saying like, here's why Ingress Prime.
I remember Niantic posting in some of their like Ingress channels, hey, if you feel different
about Prime now than you did a year ago, could you go back and update your reviews in Google
Play Store and iTunes?
Like this was legit an ass that the company had.
Can you go update your reviews if you don't hate us anymore?
So it just, it was, and it struck me as odd because I was like, damn, the user reviews
matter that much.
But I suppose, and I don't know, I don't want to go too far down this.
I suppose when we talk about an app store, perhaps that could influence the display on
searches and rankings and things like that.
Perhaps that is a factor I'm not thinking about.
Um, but it just strikes me as a weird ask because yeah, user reviews should matter,
right?
It's weird.
Anyway, anything else you want to say on this?
Anyone?
No, I don't know if there's many companies outside of like the app stuff.
Like I can't imagine that companies are still using Metacritic as like a metric for bonuses
and stuff.
Oh yeah, I've heard that.
Considering like how, you know, uh, Star Wars, how, you know, it seems that the companies
are very comfortable with them shipping games that are not in working condition when they
get shipped out.
Yeah, I was gonna say the incentive should be tied around bug reports, although to be
fair before somebody corrects me on it, yes, I get it.
Like oftentimes it's the publisher's fault, not the developer that the game releases with
bugs in it because there's aggressive time deal, right?
So I do understand, but yeah, to Loki's point, I do wish the incentives were more tied around
that type of quality than just, you know, are the, you know, professional reviewers
going to get it or not what you're doing.
Even though I don't think this game, again, holding this up because I've done it four
times now, I don't think this game was particularly strongly reviewed, but the people that seemed
I mean, maybe like 75 or 80, which isn't bad.
It just is in that weird realm of like, it's all right.
But like the people that I know that have like really played and spent time with this
game really seem to love it.
So it's just, it's interesting.
But I think a lot of Team Ninja games kind of go that way.
Like, yeah, even think about Metroid Other M, Metroid Other M probably landed in that
same sort of nebulous, it's all right kind of category.
But the people that liked that game really liked that game.
The people that hate that game really hate that game, but it's, it's kind of interesting.
Deft in Chat says sucks that the same didn't happen with Pokemon Go Niantic asking the
community for something.
Well, if the track record says anything to me, then I would say if you want Niantic to
hashtag hear us Niantic actively, one of the easiest things you could do to get noticed
is start review bombing it on these stores, which is wild that I'm sitting here saying
that on one hand, and on the other hand, going these reviews shouldn't matter.
But I just told you a story where it clearly did to the publisher review bombing it for
like, and this is this is this one specific circumstances function, not like because,
oh, I'm a racist, or I'm homophobic.
And I Oh, yeah, super, super different.
Like Mike, my faith tells me that this is wrong.
And so therefore, you're wrong for putting it in my game.
My, my, my one star review would say Niantic made a promise to the player base that they
did not follow through on.
Yeah, that's it.
That would be that would be the extent of my one star review on Pokemon Go.
I don't need to write a novel.
I don't need I'm just gonna keep it short and sweet Niantic did not follow through on
a promise they made to their player base.
So anyway, that all being said, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of things
that have brought us joy the five stars of our gaming week.
Let's go to Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
I beat Marvel's Midnight Suns last night.
And well, apparently people want to see me play that.
So retro night is under construction.
And I'm going to be doing another playthrough of Midnight Suns on my Saturday streaming.
When you say another playthrough, are you doing anything to change it?
I don't know that game very well.
New Game Plus.
Okay.
No, I haven't really noticed like major differences yet, except I've got like,
all the cosmetics are unlocked for me to buy that I had earned before,
but I have to buy them again.
I started with a bunch of gloss, which is the money.
So and I can go ahead and invest stuff in characters I don't have yet.
So and actually, what was weird is that like, for example, when you want Morbius in,
you know, he's a DLC, you have to go do his mission to recruit him.
He was just hanging out there.
Like, dude, why are you?
I'm the brand new hunter.
Why are you in my house?
And why are you kind of hot?
Anyway, I play Beatles pinball.
We're actually selling Medieval Madness.
Oh, wow.
To pay for Weird Al.
Fair.
And so we'll have it for about another month.
It's the time to play it.
I'm playing my wordscapes.
Definitely playing Dead by Daylight.
I got three more adepts last week on Killer.
I got Legion, finally.
I got Myers, who I very much suck at, but I figured a strategy.
Do RPD with the hair tuft, the iridescent one that keeps you in tier three.
And just walk around stabbing people.
That's really it.
And I got Hag, even with the changes to her mechanics.
So I'm getting a little bit further on finishing out my adepts.
I still haven't played, like, Wesker or the Knight or our Skull Merchant.
So maybe I'll have to do that.
I'm just kind of reluctant.
And a game that I ordered has arrived, Osmond, which I've done as a classic game of the week.
It's the spiritual sequel to Strider.
Oh, yeah.
And then I got Dissidia Final Fantasy NX.
I actually didn't hear that one, but it was like $5.
So I bought it.
So, yeah.
I don't remember what was special about NX.
Dissidia was weird to me, but I probably didn't give it enough of a chance, to be honest.
Well, I just had a bunch of sales, so I just went for it.
But if anyone likes Strider, I absolutely suggest getting Osmond.
It's definitely the same sort of game, same creator, everything.
It was something else.
Oh, yeah, I played some World Cup soccer because, you know, that's my baby.
Nice.
All right, I'm done.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
I played a few things.
Actually, funny enough, I played some games that were integrated in the Discord.
So we were messing with some of those in our community chat for the Channel 64 SMP.
So what was it?
Gardic Phone, which is kind of a...
Love Gardic Phone.
Yeah, they play that on Twitch all the time, yeah.
Gardic Phone, was it Know What I Meme, which is kind of funny.
That one's like Apples to Apples, but with memes.
OK.
And then Putt Party, which is just a miniature golf game.
I love miniature golf games, so that was fun.
Let's play that.
And then what else?
Playing another game.
It was another like card game, board game thing.
I don't remember what it was called, though.
But it was interesting and mostly Minecraft.
I've been playing lots of Minecraft.
I posted earlier.
I finally passed a thousand subs, which is great.
One step closer to getting monetized as the another 2000 watch hours within a year.
So that's a little hard because it goes down every single day.
Considering that, you know, a year ago, people watched my content and, you know,
we have to make sure that there's more content for them to watch and get that out those hours up.
So you have to do that.
And then I've been working on a lot for this next episode.
Facts so much so that I'm probably going to have to cut it in two because there's too much
too much for the episode.
But I've already got there's another big
Mega Man enemy build.
Oh, yeah, the big one.
Good.
So and it's fantastic looking.
I've got more big structures for another robot masters area that look really cool and
lots of like terraforming and stuff in that area.
So I'm probably going to do half of that area because it's actually like a third of the
the entire base area.
So like, I can't do that all in one episode.
That'd be just ridiculous.
So I'm going to cut in two and then but yeah, there will be a lot of content just there.
So I'm very excited to get that done.
Hopefully this week I wanted to get done this weekend.
There's no way that was going to happen.
All right, I understand.
OK, my gaming week, some of the same old stuff playing a little more Final Fantasy 14.
I played a little bit of Dead by Daylight.
I think I even did like two matches with Jamie at very randomly at one point during the week.
I can remember.
Yeah, one was really short and stinky.
Yeah, I had a really fun one.
Yeah, yeah.
So but I even did some killer matches.
I played my first Wesker game ever.
Oh, it did not go well.
I'm not good at zipping across.
I was not connecting with survivors.
It just takes a little time to get used to, I'm sure.
Seven seconds is all I have to play with you.
Yeah.
So I just I went back to Miss Plague because her and the throw in the vomit and all that,
that I can do that.
Mommy, mommy.
It breaks a lot.
The reason why I like Plague is it's a different meta for the survivors than what they're usually
prepared for, especially right now, a lot of big healing builds.
And it's like with Plague, a lot of that goes out the window.
Like and when I like to because, you know, I like to play my immersive Lisa, where I
go as a nurse and I take healing stuff.
So I'll take like Botany, the Yoichi perk that shows where you are sometimes will make
it take a lot of the healing perks and do my immersive nurse.
And when I go up against a plague, I'm like, I'm useless.
I'm literally I literally can't do anything in this fight because long story short, I
used to be a plague main.
So yeah.
And for those who don't follow the game, how can I explain this succinctly?
The plague has a mechanic where she vomits on you.
And so if you've been vomited on, you can't heal because you still have vomit.
Basically, you have to cleanse the vomit and you get you get a free heal when you do that.
Yes.
Yes.
So but after after you cleanse, though, the pool that you cleanse in turns red and then
she can wash in it or something and we get what we call danger puke.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And if it doesn't make you sick, but but it counts as a hit.
Yes.
Long distance hits and she's tall.
She's taller than most than most of the the other killers.
Yeah.
Which was hard for me to learn her because I'm better with the shorter people.
I think only Nemesis is about as tall, to be honest.
So yeah.
So anyway, other games I've played this week.
So I've spent most of my gaming week actually on Final Fantasy Pixel Remaster.
I played the first game.
I actually streamed the entirety of that game.
I did like two hours on Monday and then I did like six hours, maybe five and a half on Friday.
I played that entire game on stream start to finish.
And yeah, I had a good time playing it.
I enjoyed the pixel remasters.
I think the boosting that they put in the game was great because you can do four times
experience and four times Gil and it just takes the grind completely out.
It also takes the challenge completely out.
So if you're somebody like me who just kind of wants to go down memory lane and revisit
this classic game you really like, then I think the boosting is a great way to do it.
But like if it's your very first time playing it and you're about to form your entire impression
of Final Fantasy based on that, I think you need to be very aware if you're going to boost
that you are boosting and the game was not originally designed in the way you're about
to play it because I will tell you because of that, nothing gave me a challenge in that
game until the very last boss.
I think the typical level to be when you beat the original Final Fantasy is around 45 or
50.
I was level 69.
Yes, I was.
Yes.
When I fought Chaos and that was well, because of the way things are going on.
So you can also turn the encounters on and off.
And so when I hit 69, I turned off the encounters so that I could beat Chaos at level 69.
So because I was in the last dungeon already when that happened.
So Bobby says the original NES version had a level 50 cap.
Oh, I didn't even realize that.
I always thought I'd let you go to 99.
When I play my classic RPGs, because I've actually played most of them, I play with,
you know, the codes on.
But it's the same thing.
It's still, you know, it still took me a good seven hours to play through it.
I could have probably, you know, because Shane kept telling me throughout the stream, just
turn the encounters off, just turn the encounters off and just fight the monsters and treasure
chests.
You'll be fine.
But I was like, I want to try to fill up the bestiary.
I want to try to have some monsters I get to fight and do that thing.
And so, you know, I did still leave on random encounters for most of it.
There was a point probably when I got to about the fourth hour on the second stream, I was
like, all right, if I keep seeing the same things over and over on a floor, I'm going
to turn off the encounters and just get through the floor and then go to the next floor.
So it helped the second half of the game move a little quicker than the first half.
But yeah, I had a good time with it.
And if you enjoy the classic Final Fantasy games or you're just curious about them, I
think the pixel remasters are great.
I'm looking forward to playing more of them.
I'm probably going to get sidetracked now that I picked up Stranger in Paradise.
But because Stranger in Paradise ties into the original Final Fantasy, now seems like
a good time to play it.
So I'm going to start streaming that next week, probably Tuesday.
I just had a crazy random thought.
What if they did Final Fantasy 7 pixel remaster and actually released it as a pixel-based
game?
Well, you know, they had the final, you know, the Chinese bootleg aside, because somebody
will say they did that.
That was a Chinese bootleg.
But the other thing that was official was there was a Final Fantasy 15, was it Pocket
Edition, I think it was called, where they took Final Fantasy 15 and made it a more traditional
Final Fantasy game.
And so they did have that.
So I could see something like that happening with Final Fantasy 7 at some point.
But they're more focused on these remake and rebirth series right now.
But it could make an interesting tie-in at some point.
So anyway, one other game that I played this week.
This is very random.
You ready for this?
I randomly decided to pick up.
Here we go again.
I played Skyrim a little bit because here's why.
Because I didn't realize that at some point in the last year, the Special Edition finally
went on Game Pass.
Because when that first came out, they didn't put it on Game Pass right away.
It was only the original Skyrim Edition you could do.
So I wanted to see like the 4K Pretty Pretty Edition, because you might remember I bought
this computer a year ago.
I feel like when I bought this computer, I wanted to put Skyrim on it, but they didn't
have, you couldn't get the Special Edition yet in Game Pass.
So at some point, they put that on Game Pass and I noticed it.
I was like, oh, I want to try the pretty 4K version of Skyrim.
And I've been playing it and it is pretty and 4K and it's been fun.
I turned the difficulty down to Bobby Black Wolf mode just so I could have fun playing
it.
And I'm just like, I want to set everything on fire.
No, it's electricity.
I'm going to zap everything with a lightning bolt.
And so that's just what I've been doing in Skyrim.
Hello, monster, and just zapping everything with lightning.
So that's and that's not usually how I play those games.
I'm almost always a sword and shield person.
So it's kind of fun being a little bit more magicky.
That's been my gaming week, pretty much Pixel Remasters and Skyrim.
So, all right, we got some more gaming news to get into.
So let's get to it and talk about what is going on in gaming.
I do it at just quick programming note.
Bobby won't be here next week, but we will be.
So if you are going to listen live on Sunday night, just be aware you're not going to hear
Bobby beforehand.
So you might be like, what happened?
Did things get canceled tonight?
Bobby's got a conflict, but we will be here next week for sure.
Also, shout out to Bobby.
I'm sure many of you already listen to his show.
If you are not already aware, he will be doing some announcing at Summer Games Done Quick,
which is going to be live and in person in a couple of weeks up in Minneapolis, I think,
or that area.
So it's not by the Mall of America like it was last time.
I think he says in downtown Minneapolis this time.
So regardless of those types of organizational things, Bobby's going to be one of the announcers.
But it's also a great charity event that brings a lot of the world's best speedrunners together.
And it's a lot of fun to watch.
So check that out.
That's coming up in a couple of weeks.
Yeah.
And Bobby clarifies, yes, it's downtown this time, but the train goes to the Mall of America.
So that's coming up for Bobby in a few weeks.
We won't be here on May 21st.
And I know that is a very random night to be off.
It's a day job conflict for me.
I can't be here.
The job that pays the bills has to come first.
And it's as simple as that.
So all right, let's move on and get into some news.
And I'll start off with Loki.
Yeah, so the UK has blocked the Microsoft Activision acquisition deal, and the CMA basically
cited that the merger would result in them dominating the cloud gaming space because
Game Pass is doing pretty well and all that stuff.
They said, We have concluded that the merger would result in the most powerful operator
in the fast developing market for cloud gaming, with the current market share of 60 to 70%
acquiring a portfolio of world leading games with the incentive to withhold those games
from competitors and substantially weaken competition in this important growing market.
Which is weird because they have been reaching out to other cloud gaming services to say,
hey, we'll put Call of Duty on there for 10 years, at least.
I will sign that deal.
So I'm not really sure where they're saying that they're going to like hurt cloud gaming
and stuff.
And I'm also not really sure how much of like Call of Duty sales is actually cloud gaming
either, which is kind of interesting.
So when you get into the nuts and bolts of the whole argument, people have been talking
about this in our Discord.
And if you want to see more over at vognetwork.com, why can't I talk tonight?
Vognetwork.com Discord.
And we have chats throughout the week.
And there's some very interesting excerpts from the whole thing.
And one of them basically alludes to, and I'm going to make a long story very, very
short here, is basically alluding to the fact that, well, Stadia didn't have Call of Duty
and Stadia failed.
Therefore, Stadia failed because it didn't have Call of Duty.
That is dumb.
I know.
I know.
It is 100% with you all.
Stadia failed for a multitude of reasons.
And it's all with the business and none of the technical.
And to me, I also look at some of my Stadia and I look at Destiny 2 or our beloved Dead
by Daylight.
Dark Soccer, you streamed, you've put a lot of hours into Dead by Daylight and you were
like the biggest Stadia Dead by Daylight streamer out there, at least as far as I know of.
How many other Twitch people did you run into that streamed Dead by Daylight on Stadia?
Not on Twitch.
I found, actually, I take that back.
Well, I didn't know if they streamed or not, but I found another person in, I think they
were the killer in our match or something like that, but they also played on Stadia
on a Mac.
And I was like, hello, fellow unicorn.
And we chatted over it and it was pretty cool, but it's only ever happened the once.
Right.
And I mean, and now I'm on GeForce and people are still surprised that I'm, I mean, which
is technically through my Steam account.
Right.
But it's still having to use a cloud-based service to be able to log into my game.
So, and I just want to note with all of this is that number one is that if there were,
if that was the problem, what is turning up in this that, you know, because Stadia didn't
have Call of Duty, that's why Stadia failed.
Like, look at the other games that are multi-platform.
Stadia was a blip, a drop in the ocean on those other platforms.
Like, Call of Duty being on Stadia would not have made, because you know what?
Call of Duty could have been on Stadia, but Phil Harrison still would have been the executive
and it still would have been a Google-owned company.
Therefore, it still would have failed for all the same reasons.
Can somebody send that to the courts?
It's also a completely different pricing structure.
And so the reason Stadia failed, obviously, and they probably don't realize this either,
is it's like, imagine if you had a Netflix, but then instead of getting to watch all those
programs for free with your subscription, you just had to buy them all.
Like, no one wants to do that.
And so obviously, yeah, Game Pass, you know, does well.
I mean, but Game Pass is just one part of it.
Nothing saying that, you know, you couldn't put Game Pass on PlayStation.
You have EA and Ubisoft have their streaming services and they're on all the consoles.
Like, why couldn't you do the same?
Like, it's just silly.
It's also silly because they don't look at like, what about like going back to Netflix
and like Disney and stuff like that?
What about all those exclusive deals that they have with TV shows and stuff like that?
Does the UK regulators have problems with that?
Because that's unfair to like the office.
Is it on all the streaming services?
That's just not fair.
Like, I'm sorry, but like, that's not how it works.
And and I think that the fact that they said, yeah, you know, we'll put it on those services
for 10 years.
I think that's more than fair.
Like, by by the way, like, it shouldn't be in perpetuity because like, come up with your
own shit.
I mean, seriously, like, sorry.
Going to a comment from chat.
Matt says, whoever put that claim in cough, Sony cough, knew what they were doing.
They knew that the CMA wasn't going to double check the context for that very broad subjective
statement that that is the most infuriating thing.
That is the most infuriating thing because I bet it was Sony that put it.
I mean, can't prove it, but I bet it was.
Sony put it in.
You know what?
Did you did everybody forget?
Did the UK forget?
Did every what happened?
Sony bought a cloud gaming company years ago.
Did you all forget?
Gaikai, they bought Gaikai and created PlayStation Now out of it.
Sony has cloud gaming.
They're not using it to its full potential.
How is that Microsoft's fault?
I don't get it.
Why is it Microsoft's fault that Nintendo continues to lag behind in these advancing
actually?
No, Nintendo does have cloud gaming stuff on the switch.
It's just it's implemented funky, whatever.
So how is this Microsoft's fault?
It's the other companies are doing cloud gaming.
It's their choice on how they're implementing it.
And even even with companies implementing it, several of the voice, Dark Soccer, I don't
mean to put you on the spot, but like Dead by Daylight, that's your bread and butter
for streaming.
So when Stadia closed, you had a choice and you sampled.
I remember there was another one based out of Europe that you were thinking about going
with, but that's it.
But the lag kind of was too much of an issue.
But hypothetically, Dead by Daylight is on xCloud.
You could have gone to Microsoft's cloud based gaming to stream Dead by Daylight, but
you went with GeForce Now.
Is there is there a reason?
Because nothing else had Dead by Daylight.
I thought Xbox did.
Well, yeah, I could have gotten it through the Windows Store, but I'm not on a Windows
machine.
Worked for me.
So there's there's other had.
Yeah, I had to use something that compatible.
So my point being that Microsoft is not as like all in, you know, that has a chokehold
on this space like this is being led to believe.
And look, I'm not trying to be I don't want people to be like, oh, Rob's a Microsoft fan
boy.
Rob's just, you know, gassing up Microsoft and all this stuff.
Look, that's not there's there's two reasons why I want this merger to go through number
well or or reasons why I feel that we're on the same mind zone.
That was for sure.
There's two reasons why I guess I should say I think this merger should go through.
Let me let me correct.
Number one, Activision Blizzard has a toxic issue at the head of the company.
I'm talking about the and I've said that you all know how I feel if this is your first
OLR, then I'm sorry this coming up.
Well, but I'm not sorry because this is an issue in the industry that has to be dealt
with.
The CEO, the board, the senior leadership at Activision Blizzard is an actively toxic
element in our industry that is so toxic.
It's spreading.
It is actively hurting the industry as a whole, not just Activision Blizzard.
It must be dealt with.
And if a big fish eating another big fish, as much as I don't always like that, if that
is the only way to eliminate the toxicity out of the industry, then so be it.
And for that reason, this merger must go through.
And second of all is that in this case, I'm just going to just add real quick that this
case, it's definitely a matter of the greater good.
Yes.
And the second thing is why I believe the merger should still go through is that with
Microsoft in the cloud, Microsoft, yes, cloud gaming is the future.
Yes, I would say Microsoft has a jumpstart on this.
That is not Microsoft's fault for that.
I'm sorry.
Sony has the ability to do this.
They don't.
Sony willingly signed with the Azure platform.
Nintendo could do this and does do it to an extent, I guess, on the cartridges if they
wanted to.
We all know Nintendo lags behind in the tech space.
That's not their bread and butter, whatever.
This is not Microsoft's fault that the rest of the industry is lagging behind them.
This is not because of competitive agreements, that's not what Microsoft's doing.
So this argument doesn't make sense, but here we are.
We're stuck because guess what?
They can appeal it.
It might get overturned on appeal, but history shows it probably won't be.
So at this point, either the whole thing gets called off or the UK ends up getting excluded
from this, which could be very interesting.
Meaning that it would be similar to what happened in Belgium with loot boxes, where some of
those games that EA does, they just don't release in Belgium.
So Call of Duty may just not be on any cloud service in the UK.
We'll be playing it over here on cloud, but you won't get it over there because of your
regulatory bodies.
That could be something that happens.
I don't know if it will, because to be fair, we're dunking on the UK because the US stuff
hasn't started yet.
And for all I know, I actually would err on the side of the arguments that are going to
come out of the US court are going to be just as ridiculous, if not more so, probably more
so.
This is the appetizer to the main course, y'all.
Bobby Black Wolf also points out an important point.
The streaming on Nintendo games is run by the third parties.
Nintendo doesn't actually do the streaming themselves.
And fixation gaze in chat hits the nail on the head here with, I think, what's the game
Sony's playing here.
Sony just wants to be the big fish.
Yep.
That's exactly where the fall through.
And they were to get the opportunity to try to purchase Activision.
They would do it.
They would absolutely do it.
And we'd be back in this.
And then you'd watch it probably go in the opposite direction because that's how the
world works.
I swear, if Sony tries to do this, that now I'm really going to be in a conundrum because
I do want that toxicity out of the industry and everything I said is true.
But it's going to be one of those things are like, oh, I'm so mad at Sony.
I'm so mad at Sony.
It shouldn't be Sony for the same reason.
If Microsoft can't have them, Sony shouldn't have them.
It's just like we're a smaller player and, you know, we're a smaller player in the cloud
services.
And so this will level the playing field for us so that we can be competitive.
They'll be like, okay, and they'll do it.
And like, it's just going to happen.
Yeah, that's just how it's going to work because regulators and I'm sorry, like people in
government are just stupid.
They're complete morons, especially when it comes to tech because they're old and already
they just drop themselves in the grave.
But like, you know, eventually we'll get people in there that actually understand how the
internet and things work.
But right now we got idiots that like listen to lobbyists and that's just how it works.
If it was Sony's lawyers that caused this to happen with those statements, Sony ought
to be obligated to invest in their cloud platform more.
But that's not the way business works, unfortunately.
But it's going to be up to the users to demand it.
And it's up to the mainstream press.
This will never happen, but I'm going to say it anyway.
It's up to the mainstream press to call them out on it in interviews.
Call them out on it.
The Microsoft deal didn't go through because of cloud gaming.
What are you doing to enhance your cloud gaming in the competitive space?
What is Sony working on with cloud gaming?
It just, it's, it's, I just wish these companies got asked more on the bigger, but that's,
you know, if a press outlet asked that, they'd never get another interview again.
And unfortunately that's how it works.
It just stinks.
It stinks.
There's a story that they want to perpetuate.
That's, and so then, then in turn, that's why I would also say that's why you can't
only listen to mainstream voices.
You have to listen to the people that are willing to say whatever, because we're, we're
not, we got nothing to lose.
Let me tell you, tell you what it is.
When I say we, I don't just mean OLR.
I mean other educated, independent gaming podcasters.
We're educated?
For the most part.
All right.
Okay.
Let's move on.
We've, we've got other stuff to cover tonight.
We could spend a lot of time getting angry about that, but let's, how about happy news?
I'm sorry.
This made my gay heart flutter and explode in rainbows.
And that was the samba de amigo party central first batch of songs that are coming to the
game.
I'm sorry.
This is gay rights.
Okay.
Don't be sorry about that.
I know.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm absolutely not sorry.
Not sorry.
Exactly.
So samba de amigo has songs and they've, they've announced what's coming out.
We've got Carly Rae Jepsen with I Really Like You, Ariana Grande, not just with Break
Three, Break Free, but with Bang Bang, which was the Jessie J and Nicki Minaj collaboration.
Tick Tock by Kesha.
Miley Cyrus with Plastic Hearts.
Who did I miss?
Oh, I Will Survive by Gloria Gaynor.
Only like one of the most iconic LGBT songs ever.
And then, yeah.
If ever there was a gay song, that is it.
I'm sorry.
Rina Sawayama is actually in this with XS?
Like who, who is the gay intern that threw all these into the pot for songs to license
because they should be promoted immediately.
Cause this is an amazing song list.
And we have a Ricky Martin with a Cup of Life and all that.
Icona Pop.
This is, this is incredible song list.
Incredible.
So is it, is it I Want It?
Yeah, yeah, it is.
I Want It.
Yeah.
And Def does point out, sadly, this game is definitely not streamer friendly.
Yes.
So if you stream it on Twitch, you're going to have to yank the archive.
Unfortunately, it's because of all the licensed music.
It's, it's not going to be a good stream or, or for that, for that stream, you'll have
to put your game capture on the track that doesn't save or, you know, that, that stuff.
So, cause yeah, this is heavy on licensed music.
I guess maybe you could get away with playing also on the song list.
There are covers.
That's right.
Cover bands of the Macarena and La Bamba.
So those, you could probably get away with playing on stream.
But you know, you know what I think would be really funny is, is people who are like
streaming and putting their video up online.
If they added in like their own, like, like music or elevator music that happens to be
the same tempo.
Yeah, that's, that's funny.
I would totally do that by the way.
Misha in chat points out they're missing one though.
Diana Ross.
Well, yes.
Sadly, an absence of Diana Ross, but we do know there are more songs coming.
Although some people expect this is probably the license list and we probably have like
Sega songs coming, which is going to be fine, you know, or other.
I need my Burning Rangers theme again.
I'm just saying.
So there, there's probably not a lot of licensed stuff left, but DLC question mark?
Depends how well the game does, I suppose.
So, but I know this, this went from being like a tiny little thing on my radar to like,
oh, you're getting this when it comes out.
So, uh, that's, that's how I feel about that song list for sure.
All right.
Well, speaking of going ons at Sega, another bit of excellent news, right Dark Sakura?
Yes, indeed.
So Sega of America staff has formed a union.
Yay.
Collaborative support.
Anyway.
They call it Aegis, Allied Employees Guild Improving Sega.
And they have partnered with the Communications Workers of America.
That is awesome.
I mean, especially with it being Sega.
I mean, my goodness that that's pretty amazing.
Um, but at any rate, um, they are already a super majority of 144 employees across the
various internal departments at Sega of America, of course, which is based out of Irvine.
Um, the announcement also claims the third of Sega's longtime workers don't have full-time
status, adequate training or bereavement leave.
So they're going to be working to bargain for improvement within the company, especially
for, uh, like here's some of the lists of, of, uh, requests.
So higher base pay that follows industry standards, um, with accommodation for the
raises being tied to the cost of living and inflation.
Improved stable benefits for all, including healthcare, retirement, remote work options,
and more.
I think the bereavement leave would be included with that.
Um, increased clearly outlined opportunities for advancement, balanced workloads and schedules,
and defined responsibilities for all positions, adequate staffing of departments to end patterns
of overwork.
Um, and I mean, that's, I mean, what other companies did at ZeniMax, uh, Blizzard?
Didn't someone else?
Oh, there's been, it's, it's, this is not the first and it's not going to be the last.
Biggest, I would say.
Sega has, I think a track record of having been iffy on some of their internal policies
and hiring practices, and hopefully this is going to stabilize it and make it a lot better
for the employees.
Um, yeah, I want to say the last time we had a union forming story, I want to say it was
Blizzard's, um, Vicarious Visions, I think when they acquired, that was the Diablo, the
Diablo 2 remake studio that Blizzard acquired.
Yeah.
And, and also I'm just going to say, I think that the name is great, you know, and Aegis
is a type of shield, you know, so I think that the name fits.
I'm glad they made the acronym work.
Excellent.
All right.
Well, like I said, not the first and won't be the last.
So, all right, moving on.
Loki, exciting changes with the long running store, right?
Yeah, well, it is changes at least.
So there's been some updates being done to the Steam interface.
So mainly the whole, like in-game tab that you have that you could see your achievements
and stuff, they're retooling that quite a bit.
And along with it, they're also adding, like a notes app that where you can like take,
you know, notes of basically whatever you're doing in game.
It reminds me of like the phone notes app that you have, basically.
I've literally done that, like in my Twitch chat, like No Man's Sky, I'll play No Man's
Sky and I'll be like, I want to come back to this planet later.
I need to remember the name.
So I'll go over to my Twitch chat and type the name and put like, when I come back later,
I'll scroll up and look at the name of that planet.
So, or galaxy or something like that.
So like, I get it, like a notes app would actually be super useful.
Yeah, I wonder if it saves it per game.
That would be kind of interesting to see if it does that.
But yeah, so basically they have it within app that you can do that.
They're just kind of changing the way that the overall toolbar looks as far as like they
said they have a toolbar that allows you to access like different pop up windows and clean
friends, chats, achievement progress, guides, discussions and your browser.
That's pretty cool.
Like you can open up all that stuff within a game.
Right now it's available through the Steam beta client, but I'm not sure when it's coming
to the actual full client though.
Probably soon.
All right.
Well, not everybody's a fan.
I noticed fixationgaze in our chat says, got to say the storefront looks super cluttered
now.
Not a fan.
So I don't know if that's, sorry.
I don't know if that's a comment about this particular beta or if that's just a general
comment about the store, which to be fair has felt cluttered for a bit.
Like there's just so much on it.
This isn't necessarily the storefront.
This is more of the in-game app.
I see.
Okay.
I misinterpreted the comment.
My bad.
The storefront is very cluttered.
Yes.
Yeah.
So all right.
Well, moving on, let's talk about a big game that released this week.
I don't think any of us have had a chance to check it out yet.
I know I've seen people on Twitch playing it.
That's about the furthest I've gotten, but Star Wars Jedi Survivor is out and there are
some accessibility options in the game that are kind of, you know, new and unique, including
a slow mode.
So in just not the game's performance.
No, it's not.
I hear it's having a real hard time of hitting 60 FPS.
Nothing to do with that.
It's not even, this is also on consoles.
So you can fully remap the controls, subtitle, visual options, all the things that ought
to be base kit at this point, but okay.
I mean, yay that they're doing that and different difficulty settings.
So if you want to play on Bobby Black Wolf mode, or if you want to play on nightmare
mode or whatever, you can do that.
But slow mode will allow you to slow all of the action to help make the play easier.
You can also just auto activate it on combat.
And I have to say that's one of the things I was looking forward to a Final Fantasy 16
as well when they were showing that off is that they have an item that you can equip
that will only like when an attack is coming in, it just slows at that moment and gives
you an extra time to hit the defense trigger than it normally would.
And for me, that's great because like dodging and blocking is literally the worst thing
I do in games.
So having that slowed down for me, I think is going to be great.
So I love that it's implemented in its own way here as well.
I think that's great.
So five difficulty settings in the game from story mode to Jedi Grandmaster is the name
of the hardcore mode or whatever.
But yeah, yay accessibility.
It's nice to see the big studios.
And to be fair, for all the shit EA has gotten over the years and rightfully so, I do feel
like accessibility and that whole thing, they do pretty good on that front.
But yes, Loki, the other criticisms you're putting out there as far as here we go again
with some of the bugs and things that should have been fixed before release.
Yeah, that part, not so great.
So as Joan Hunter Matt in chat says, kudos to the industry for taking accessibility seriously.
And Bobby Blackwolf pointing out another game that does this very well, Forza Horizon 5
also does this very well.
Quest Buster says a lot of improved accessibility though in lots of games and services.
It's gotten a lot better in the last 10 years.
So it's been warming to see they even have their own award category.
Quest Buster in chat says, survivor's performance issues regrettably smother all of the positives
that it does well, such as the story.
Some have said that it's one of the best Star Wars story told, period.
All right, Bobby Blackwolf says, so nothing about the spiders or did I miss that?
Oh, is that I did I miss that?
Yep.
They have a mode that turns out spiders.
Oh, that's nice.
That makes me think of so Grounded.
You remember that game had that is that you could turn the spiders into just like, I guess
they're like orbs.
Like they don't they don't look like it's like baseball, baseball 2000 or whatever,
which I laugh.
But that's actually a great thing for people that, like, seriously have issues when it
comes to spiders.
That's cool that you can do that.
And like, you know, like if you're seeing these gray baseball 2000, you're like, I opted
into that.
So I'm not going to hold the game responsible because these enemies look a little tacky.
I opted into that.
And I'm thankful that I'm not seeing a spider right now because so
well, if only they would do something like that for snails and slugs, I would be happy
because that's my massive disgusting phobia is to the point that if I see one of those
weird mollusks in my house, it doesn't matter what time it is, I will wake up Dan and say
go take care of this for me.
Do those, well, I guess because I didn't even think spiders existed in Star Wars.
But I was like, do those exist in Star Wars?
But there are always invertebrates.
Yeah.
Bobby points out that the instead of what's happening with Grounded where you change what
the spiders look like, Bobby says it removes the spiders completely so it makes the game
easier.
And of course, you know, there are those hardcore gamers out there that take themselves so
seriously, they are offended because the game got easier for someone else.
And it ruined my day.
I got nothing.
People are silly.
I got nothing.
I need a new story.
Let's talk about the next story.
Dark Sakura.
Vampires.
Kids like vampires, right?
Heck yeah.
Is this New Castlevania?
No, damn it.
It's Vampire Survivor.
Okay, that game's pretty rad too.
It's actually in works right now to be an animated television series coming out from
Story Kitchen.
And they are partnering with the game's developer, Ponkel, the founder of, sorry, the Ponkel
founder, Luca Galante, I guess, to adapt it into a full-on animated TV series.
I wonder how it would work given what the weird gameplay of it is like.
But the story is that it's set in 2021 rural Italy where there was, hold on, I'll just
read the quote from the description.
There lived an evil person named Bisconti Dracula, whose many evil magics created a
bad world filled with famine and suffering.
It's now up to the members of the Belpasse family to end his reign of terror and return
good food to the table.
But you know what's, okay, the thing about Vampires Virus, I love that game, but it's
very clearly heavily influenced by Castlevania, like right on down to how some of the sprites
look and things.
So it's only a little surprising to me because Castlevania, also an animated TV show.
But the Dracula myth is public domain.
True, true.
The iconography of Dracula is public domain.
I guess that's true.
So yeah.
It is just interesting.
And on top of that, it looks like it's going to be a completely different story.
I think the Castlevania one is set more in the Eastern European area, and this looks
like it's in Italy in the modern day.
So there's quite a bit of difference on this one.
And honestly enough, if Konami knows what's smart for them, they would partner with the
game's creator to do a Castlevania chapter.
Well, and this is another indie darling.
It's a completely different kind of game.
I know, yeah, the gameplay is obviously completely different, but it's just interesting.
Like, it feels heavily inspired.
That's all.
But you're right.
Dracula itself is in the, you know, but what was I going to say with this?
Oh, this seems like it's really now official.
You kind of knew it from watching Twitch, but this is the official latest indie darling
to just catch fire and end up in mainstream media.
This joins a line of games I would argue started with Minecraft, quite frankly.
I mean, I know Minecraft is not indie anymore, but certainly that.
But then even after that, you had things like Five Nights at Freddy's, Undertale, you
know, these indie games that are now on target shelves with licensing.
Well, and it's also, you know, they were the rush of indie horror games.
You know, like I watched Holly playing one that looked like it was like an old floppy
disk game and it had glitching and everything, but the glitching was part of the game.
I don't remember.
Yes, I thought I would too.
I think timely enough, there's a new Amnesia game like this week, too.
Let's speak of indie horror stuff.
Yeah.
But the thing about it is that this game is more like, you know, Smash TV on crack.
Yeah.
I mean, Smash TV on a crack bender is what it is, you know, and I wonder how they're
going to incorporate that flooding of enemies aspect into the game or into the show in a
believable manner, or I would say in a visually tolerable manner.
On a completely different note, talking about like indie darlings that are catching fire
and showing up on target shelves eventually into mainstream media.
Do you know what game seems to be headed for that right now based on Twitch, like the latest
indie game that's shown up?
And I don't know if it's just a bias because I see a lot of Dead by Daylight streamers,
which is what I usually follow.
I don't know if it's because this is the game I see a lot of them playing or if it's really
it's that Deceive Inc.
Have you seen that one?
Yeah.
I feel like tons of people are playing Deceive Inc. all of a sudden, which admittedly I haven't
actually sat down and watched a lot of it, but it feels like it mixes kind of like some
of the first person stuff with like Among Us type of thing and that whole with like characters
like Clue or something.
It seems very interesting, but it seems like that might be the latest indie up and comer
on Steam or on Twitch and all that.
So now our chat is going down a different tangent train because the talk of animated
shows brought us to something that I don't think we've brought up on the show.
And that is, this is about a month old at this point, but the news that they are making
a Scott Pilgrim TV show out of, I believe it's adapted from the original anime series,
right?
The anime, but the, the huge news with it, the comic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The huge news with it is that they got the entire original movie cast to reprise their
roles, which when you consider a lot of them were like pre A-listers like Brie Larson,
you know, that like you've got a lot of people that are really big.
Or what's her name that played Kim that was in Picard as the new board queen?
Oh, that was her.
Oh, that's, oh, that's wild.
Yeah.
But there's like all these people that are, you know, huge.
They're all, and one of the Chris's is in it.
Oh yeah.
And Chris Evans was in it.
Chris Evans.
They're all re, all coming back and doing their voices, which is great.
And what's his name that played Todd Ingram was also a big name.
Hold on.
Actor.
I know who he is.
Hold on.
Brandon Routh, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause he was Superman.
Yeah.
His, his, unfortunately I would say his star was probably larger when that movie came out
than it is now.
No, no shade on him.
It's just, you know, Superman was, was not that long before Scott Pilgrim.
So, um, but yeah, but it's, it's pretty, pretty wild that they got everybody Anna
Kendrick's in there too as Scott's sister and she, you know, then Pitch Perfect happened.
Right.
So, you know, it's good.
It got a lot of big names in there.
So, of course there's, there's absolutely my, my favorite character.
Um, uh, well, no, that was, yeah, that was, um,
that's right.
Julie powers.
I was going to say Aubrey Plaza was in that game or in that movie.
I forgot, God, it was all these good people that were in there.
So yeah, uh, Shane and chat wondering, I wonder who the other characters that they
cut from the movie will be played by.
I feel like nobody, nobody a-list because they've blown all the budget on that.
Um, no, it'll be fucking, um, why can't I, why can't I do names today?
Mario, Star Lord.
That's it.
Chris, why can't I do names today?
Let's not.
I know, I know, but I'm just, I'm being very tongue in cheek when I say that.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's go to our next story.
Loki.
It'll just have Macaulay Culkin do it since his brother's in there.
I'd be okay with that.
He's, he's too for a renaissance.
Wait, have him, have him play who?
I don't know.
Anybody.
One of the cut characters.
I don't care.
You can play a convenience store.
He can play the guy that, um, uh, Steven Stills hooks up with.
The recording studio guy.
Um, to respond to this comment in chat as 200 Matt says, Rob needs coffee.
Yes.
I didn't have a coffee for the show tonight and I probably should have, I was actually
just personal story.
So I have the problem that dark soccer I had last week.
And that is that I went to San Francisco yesterday.
I actually went so far as to stay the night because I went to Rocky horror picture show
to see the lovely Aria snark take on the role of Frank and further in Rocky horror.
I didn't even make it through the whole movie.
I didn't even, I didn't even, I didn't even make it through the whole movie.
I went and I say, I stayed in a hotel last night.
I didn't get to bed till like 2 AM.
Uh, and then yeah, I got up early and came home.
So yes, I'm, I'm running on fee and there may have been drinking involved.
So as there sometimes is at the Rocky horror picture show and why I stayed in a hotel.
I'm live one salty survivor tears, AKA Kona coffee.
Yeah.
Get that product placement in.
All right.
All right.
Moving on Loki.
I'm sorry.
Uh, so yeah, we have a, well, hopefully not life ruining a lawsuit like with Nintendo,
but you may remember a while back bungee was suing folks that were creating cheats for
destiny too.
And, uh, the cheat software, I guess being sold by veteran cheats was basically a target
of that.
And so now they have finished that court case and have won $12 million from the suit.
And of course, uh, with that, they said that bungee is taking 12 meal, $12,059,912 and
98 cents and total damages with, they said, uh, 11,696,000 going towards violations of
the DMCA and the other 146,000 plus for violations of the copyright act.
And then 217,000 accounting for the studio's attorney expenses.
And he said, uh, after subpoenaing the Stripe, uh, which is a payment service, obviously
bungee learned that at least 50 or 5,848 separate transactions took place through the service.
Wow.
So this is way more than I actually expected.
That's that's, that's a lot of cheating.
Um, I'm not sure who, if it's just like one seller, it's against the seller, um, Mihai
Fadou Florentine.
So it may be an individual, but hopefully it's not like the Nintendo thing where they
basically bankrupt that guy for life type of thing over like video game cheating.
Um, we'll see, I guess.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, I don't, I don't know.
Is he, was the person in America or are they in another country?
I missed that.
I think they're in another, they're Romanian.
So then I can't answer that.
If it was America, they could do that same, the garnishment of the salary and all that
stuff to, to do the judgment.
They could do all that.
So, um, but I don't know how that money, no, but I'm just to answer the question, can they
bankrupt the individual?
I don't know how it works because he's Romanian and non-American.
So, yeah.
I know that the galleys are going to be funky.
Uh, by the way, I will take Shayla's offer in our chat over twitchy slash vog network
saying I can teleport and deliver coffee.
Done taken, come on over.
Me casa su casa, especially if you have coffee.
Shayla's got some magical powers.
I think that one would just be another one on the list other than being, you know, chaos
personified and the killer tamer.
All right.
Well, moving on, let's talk about a classic game.
Game that I don't think a lot of people were pirating or, um, you know, asking for to come
back, but I don't know.
These games have their fans, that's for sure.
And that is the Jurassic park retro collection.
Now here's before you get too excited, let me explain this.
So limited run games, uh, is doing a collection of classic Jurassic park titles.
It's the 30th anniversary retro collection.
Only the titles developed by ocean are in this collection.
So the super Nintendo version, which here's the thing.
There wasn't the thing about the super Nintendo Jurassic park.
It came from an era when like 3d games were just being born.
It was that Wolfenstein original doom era of PC games.
And they figured out how to do that on the super Nintendo, which let's be real, wasn't
easy.
It was some serious sprite manipulation and that whole thing to make like a fake 3d type
of thing work.
So when they implemented that in Jurassic park, even though, and the trick was you were
looking through goggles.
So that way this on the screen, it was just like, like a quarter of the size of the screen
in a goggle shape.
And if you weren't born during the Wolfenstein era, that's how we got, how we got better
performances.
You'd shrink the screen down to like, you know, a post it.
Yep.
Yep.
So, and yeah, the, the chat is exploding going, God damn it.
30 years.
Yeah.
That, that first movie.
Was it 93 that it came out?
I thought it was 94.
I thought it was like my sophomore year of high school, but yeah, that first movie is
old.
I thought it came out when I graduated, but I had read the book before that.
So I might be getting that confused.
Yeah.
I thought it was out longer.
The only thing I remember really of the book was that, um, Malcolm always wore black and
gray.
So all of his clothes would match.
Also in this was, uh, the NES games, which were in the Game Boy games, which were, you
know, yeah, there was, there was a, it was 93.
Wow.
Okay.
All right.
Well, hence you remember there being an NES for hence 30 years.
Yeah.
Uh, it might, it might've only been in Europe.
Cause Ocean was, uh, based in Europe.
If I remember right.
I, I would have to research that a little bit.
I don't remember playing the NES one, but I do.
I definitely remember playing the SNES one, but the, my point is because it's only the
Ocean games, guess what's missing?
Sega's ports, which were done by a different, which many people would say the, the Sega
CD Jurassic Park was like the best one, but the one where you played as the dinosaur,
that was the fun one.
And the Genesis one.
Yeah.
It's the Genesis one.
Yeah.
I would be down for a revival of being a dinosaur.
Yeah.
And that was actually, you know, for that era was a really was like the, the unique
twist that that was that now you play the villain quote unquote, that was actually a
pretty rad twist.
And I think why that game was, even if the super Nintendo one might've actually actually
been technically better.
The Genesis one was more fun because you get to do either way.
The dinosaurs couldn't be called a villain, just an antagonist.
Cause they were just trying to, you know, get a meal.
You know, get out of the cage.
Just, just do dinosaur things.
Okay.
And I'm, my, my memory is warping because Matt is correct in me saying it was only the
Genesis one.
The Sega CD one was a point and click adventure game, which I, yeah, I remember.
I thought I have it.
I thought the CD version was just an amped up one of the Genesis.
I thought that was a thing at some point, but I, was there a 32 X version?
I don't think there was a 30 X one.
Okay.
Um, why am I thinking, I'm thinking of like a souped up Sega Genesis version for some
reason, but maybe my brain just made it up.
Actually, yes, there was a 32 X one, I believe.
Um, hold on, I'm going to double check.
Um, because it's saying that there was one for all three, but I don't recall the 32 X
version.
I just remember, um, that the, the Sega, I mean, maybe it was like an enhanced on 32
X.
Yeah, but, but, um, but no, it was as far as I was aware, the highest level it came
out of that era of games was going to be on the Sega CD.
And I do have that one and it's terrible.
All right.
Well, then my bad for the way I phrased that earlier, I must've been thinking of 32 X or
something, but it doesn't matter.
Do you know what?
None of those games are in the collection.
So it's, uh, it's, uh, only the Nintendo based ones, because again, for whatever reason,
they were licensed to different companies.
Ocean had the Nintendo rights and was it Sega themselves with the other, or did a third
party do that for them?
I do it for classic game.
All right.
I'll wait with bated breath.
Meanwhile, since you, since you brought up classic game, dark Sakura.
Well, you remember, I sent you, um,
I'm playing the button and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive
into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us tonight?
Dark Sakura Catherine.
And also I actually sent you of, of AI Jamie introducing the classic game of the week.
Do you think I've had time before the show to get that?
Probably not, but I thought it's so weird sounding.
It's, it's the same tone I hear in my head, you know, that I don't hear out loud, but,
but anyway, back to the game.
So I picked Catherine, which, um, it came out for, uh, the PlayStation three and Xbox
three 60 in Japan and North America in 2011, the PAL versions came out in 2012.
The windows version by Sega came out in 2019, but the game was developed by Atlas.
Um, also just as a side, I, um, I read the book, there's a book of it and I have a translation
of it.
So, um, it's, it's quite, uh, quite interesting.
The path that the book takes, it's, it's very different perspectives.
Um, but, uh, the game follows a man named Vincent Brooks, who has weird supernatural
nightmares and he is having a romantic crisis with his girlfriend, Catherine with a K and
another, uh, girl named Catherine with a C.
Um, and so it's divided between daytime where you have like a social SIM and then his dreams
where you go through these 3d puzzle towers.
So it's a combination of platforming and puzzle solving, and the game is affected by the choices
Vincent makes over the story.
Um, and actually it has a little bit, uh, in common with, uh, it's actually the same
studio behind the persona series, including, uh, the director and producer, um, Hashino
Katsura.
Um, the character designer is the same and the music composer is the same.
That's, uh, Meguro Shoji and, uh, for the character designer, uh, Soijima Shigenori.
Um, but the game started at the end of Persona 4's development in 2008, and they wanted
to do something for a more adult audience.
Um, uh, English localization was handled by Atlas USA and then, um, the, uh, update for
full body was, uh, developed by Studio Zero, which is a newly formed division within Atlas
that was led by Hashino.
Um, but they wanted to expand on the original to bring back the cast and adding a new love
interest named Rin, short for Catherine with a Q.
Um, so going back though to the game is cross genre.
So you are Vincent, you have your daytime social sim, where you have to interact with
different characters and make different decisions as you go.
Um, and then you do your puzzle solving in the, uh, the puzzle, the, in the platform
puzzle mode.
So you have, um, three modes for that.
There's in the single player story, uh, it's dubbed golden playhouse.
And there's a multiplayer exclusive Coliseum challenge that is unlocked after completing
the story.
So in the daytime, Vincent interacts with the ladies and, uh, different characters at
the stray sheep bar, and then he can choose different options to respond.
Um, and these are in standard dialogue as well as in text messages.
So, um, he can also purchase drinks that help his navigation of the nightmare.
Um, but they also can impede his movement.
If he has too many, there's a mini game called Rapunzel, which mimics the game play in nightmares.
Um, or listen to a jukebox with different tracks from other Atlas games.
When you leave the stray sheep, it triggers, uh, the next nightmare section.
Um, and so you have to climb these blocks, which have to be arranged into a stairway
to reach the exit.
As you climb, the tower collapses underneath him, and he needs to arrange the blocks before
the collapse comes or he will fall and the game ends.
Uh, you'll restart from your last checkpoint on the tower if you have a pillow, um, or
you have to restart the game from the last scene.
Also funny enough, um, Vincent has, uh, ram horns in that mode.
Um, it's, it's actually very cool.
There's a lot of references to sheep and, and, you know, the sheep-like animals.
Um, because I don't really, I know that there was like some sort of, uh, symbolism behind
it.
Um, but at any rate, um, you, after you complete a stage, you have a score, depending on the
time completed and the items that you collected and they're posted on online links, um, and
posted on online leaderboards access, access through the game start menu.
Um, you can also get like different types of, uh, items in there, which you can purchase
them between games or find them in the levels like spare blocks, uh, lightning blocks that
remove enemies, energy drinks that let you to climb more steps at a time.
Now in the full body release, there was a new mode that had rearranged versions of the
puzzles, um, with the games arrangement being a sec, a separate mode.
There's a new online multiplayer added where you can enter, uh, both randomized matches
or a contest with a player of equal rank.
Um, then there's Rin who can be called to halt the towers collapse for a short time.
Uh, you can also access a new difficulty level called, uh, safety, which removes all the
threats and time limits.
And it just lets you skip the puzzles and play the story.
Um, the major characters in this game are of course, Vincent Brooks, a 32 year old systems
engineer, who's the protagonist.
He's just that tippler bachelor.
He was voiced by Troy Baker in English.
Then there's Catherine with C the 22 year old woman who meets Vincent at the stray sheep
and ends up spending the night with him.
And, uh, she continues to try to romance Vincent and she's weird.
She seems outwardly playful, seductive, but in reality, spoiler alert, she's a succubus.
Then you have Catherine with a K a 32 year old, uh, office manager, uh, working for a
clothes manufacturer.
She went to high school with Vincent.
They reconnected and were dating and she wants to marry him.
But he's, she's irritated by how indecisive he is.
Um, and then, and of course full body, there's being short for Catherine, who is an amnesiac
who plays piano at the stray sheep and she becomes a comfort to Vincent.
Um, and then of course you have his regular drinking buddies, Orlando, who I think Orlando
is absolutely hilarious.
Um, he's an old friend and divorcee.
He's very cynical.
Uh, Johnny, um, Arika, who is an, uh, idealist looking for a soulmate and Toby Nebbins, who
is, uh, Johnny's coworker.
And he has a thing for Erica Anderson, who is a waitress at the stray sheep.
There's Thomas mutton.
Who's nicknamed boss.
He's the owner.
And it's narrated by Trisha, who is the host of the golden playhouse dubbed the midnight
Venus.
And so I'm not going to go too much more into it.
It's, you know, is a pretty, pretty story intensive game.
Um, although, uh, Trisha states in the game that the tower is a metaphor for the journey
to adulthood and that there's no right way to climb the tower.
She talks directly to you and she eventually realizes that she is the goddess Ishtar.
So, um, but yeah, there's, there's more through it.
I'm not going to go too much deeper.
They actually had almost considered making this a game for handheld or mobile devices,
but, um, they ended up going with how they did.
Um, it was not planned for local for a us release or Western release right away.
But after a leak, uh, through EB games and GameStop Atlas USA confirmed that they were
releasing it.
Um, and it was localized, uh, by Atlas USA.
Like I just said, who handled a lot of the companies earlier titles.
Um, and the game took off.
I mean, it really took off.
Um, and there were a bunch of the quotes that were used in the loading screens that were
all famous quotes from a Japanese book of quotes.
Um, and so, uh, they ended up having to use new quotes, um, instead of identifying and
translating the existing ones, cause they didn't quote the original people.
So they quoted Douglas Adams, George Carlin, Rodney Dangerfield.
Um, and then, um, they were trying to do mainstream, uh, uh, promotion like target Walmart, but
they were really behind, not behind it because of it being a quote adult title, but, um,
they did a film reel of, uh, you know, AAA games that had more explicit content.
And so like, these are worse than us.
Let us be in your, in your little club.
So it happened.
Um, as for, um, you know, going back to the, the full body is it was released after persona
five, it was made with some of the persona staff.
And it was considered the definitive version of Catherine.
Um, which I know it's, it's closer than the 10 year limit, but it's going back into, it
had downloadable content, all kinds of stuff.
And you could play as Joker from persona five.
Um, but they're there.
They really wanted to focus on diversity, uh, diversity within the narrative and the
gameplay.
They want it to be something different, something that people haven't seen anything much like
anymore.
Um, yeah, the music was great.
Uh, it received very positive reviews.
Um, according to Metacritic, um, the game was considered, uh, Difficult due to the random
enemy AI by some sites, but for the most part, the ratings were in the 80% plus range.
Um, but yeah, it sold pretty well.
Um, it can actually, even the Xbox version sold, like it came in at seventh place at
the only, uh, the game it outsold actually was Marvel versus Capcom three.
So that's pretty interesting.
Um, but yeah, there's a PC port of the original game.
It was considered one of the best selling new releases on steam in 2017.
Um, and the, the full body version reached second place in the sales charts.
Um, after it was released, there's a Vita version.
Um, it it's definitely, and it even won, um, uh, it was, uh, uh, nominated for an Annie
award, which, uh, for best animated video game.
And it was, uh, uh, also nominated for some of the navigator awards and actually won,
uh, two when Michelle rough as Catherine with K, uh, for best support, uh, best supporting
performer and writing in a drama was the other category.
And so that's it, Catherine.
Also, if anyone wants to read the translated book, let me know.
It is a very interesting read, but a very straightforward translation.
All right.
Interesting.
Uh, the choice, I don't, I don't know this game very well.
Obviously you explain it very well there in that segment, but, um, I, and I knew of the
game when it first came out, but, um, I never really played it at all.
So it just never was on my radar.
So I would say watch like some partial playthroughs, like watch the, the tower scenes
and maybe a scene here and there.
Yeah.
I was watching the, watching the B roll as you were talking about it.
I liked some of the things where it was like using that whole, like, we're going to pull
the internet on these same questions.
We're asking you now.
And the, the, you see that in telltale games, sometimes that whole thing is interesting.
Yeah.
So I think it's an absolutely fascinating game.
I had trouble with the tower scenes just because of my wrists at the time.
Um, but it's, it's absolutely worth revisiting and, and, you know, you can get it on steam.
All right.
All right.
Well, we've got some more stories coming up, but first, uh, some quick, some quick hits
in rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yes.
So more TV talk.
Um, it was just teased that a Twisted Metal TV series is coming to Peacock in July.
That I just noticed that there's a teaser trailer for it too.
Now it has Anthony Mackie in it who I like because he's, you know, when he's the new
captain America.
Um, but I'm hesitant that this will be good, but I'll watch it.
Um, it's also going to have, oh, actually it has some decent people.
So it says along with that, it's going to have, uh, Stephanie Beatrice, who's in Brooklyn
nine nine, Thomas Hayden church, who was in Spiderman.
Um, Neve Campbell also in there as well.
And will Arnett is going to be doing the voice of sweet tooth.
All right.
I hope it's good.
I probably won't watch it, but that's fine.
I do love Neve Campbell though.
So never say never.
Yeah.
Um, also we got some more look at the new donkey Kong sets that are coming from Lego
in August.
And, um, so they have a whole bunch of, well, they're, they're teasing the different family
members in there as well.
So we got, you know, Craigie Kong, funky calling and duty calling in there as well as donkey
calling.
And I, I saw him somewhere else.
Oh, and, um, what was it?
Daisy Kong as well.
I know somewhere else though, I actually saw what the sets looked like.
Um, it's probably on one of the Lego blogs that I read occasionally, but, um, they look
pretty cool from what I remember.
Um, they've got, I remember like the donkey Kong set has like his tree house and everything.
Um, they even have like bongos and stuff like that.
It'll, it'll be interesting.
I don't really understand how that's going to play out yet.
Like I stopped, we stopped collecting the Mario sets because like the whole game behind
it is really boring.
You're supposed to just like set up this like large stage and just like hop your character
around the game points.
And it's really dumb.
Um, it's all just to sell more Legos.
It is, but they're not like good display sets either, which is kind of unfortunate because
it's more based around the game.
Like if it was just display stuff, like, like the Sonic the Hedgehog things, for example,
like now those are actual sets.
Like that's cool.
Um, but like if it's just, I wish they would do that with the Mario stuff as well.
And Donkey Kong where it's like actual like sets and not just like, okay, let's play this
game because like they have so many expansions for it now.
Like if you were to set it all up, like there's no room to do it.
It's just too big.
And, and the gameplay itself is not fun.
And, and they also don't include manuals with any of it.
You have to use an app, which is not optimized.
So it drains your phone.
So that's also fun.
Um, it's just a pain to build stuff because it's through the app, but, um, yeah, I'll
look forward to looking at them, you know, in the store shelves.
Cause that's what I do nowadays.
I'm like, Oh, cool.
Yeah.
Wish I could afford that.
Kinda.
All right.
Uh, dark soccer.
So, um, the, uh, PlayStation plus games for May are looking pretty interesting.
It looks like there's going to be grid legends, which is a racing game with the story.
Um, and then, uh, there's also descenders where you are, it's a, it's a bike racing
game.
Um, and then there's also a chivalry too, where it's night on night action.
Bonk.
All right.
Um, well it's, uh, only humanity is going to be in there too.
Yeah.
Uh, it's a little, Oh, I'm glad they're going to do that one after all.
That's, uh, um, enhances latest game.
I, there was rumors that was going to end up being a PlayStation plus titles.
That's pretty cool.
I'll have to check that out.
Okay.
Um, let's talk about this game.
Cause this is only a little over a month away from release and that's Diablo four,
believe it or not finally happening.
Uh, they added a new beta weekend.
I think we talked about that previously.
It's going to be, they're calling it the server slam weekend.
But in the server slam weekend, you're going to get some more tweaked kind of
graphic settings.
They're calling these the final PC system requirements.
And they're basing this off data from the early access and open beta weekends to try
to kind of give, you know, push you into whichever, uh, graphic settings would be
the best for you.
I'm not going to, I mean, this has been a lot for me to read.
So just at a high level, I'll mention the minimum specifications.
You'll have to have at least an Intel I five 2,500 or an AMD FX 80, three 50, eight gigs
of Ram minimum.
And you have to have at least an Nvidia G force GTX six 60 or an AMD radio on our nine
two 80.
Okay.
That's the minimum maximum you want to play this ultra four K 60 frames a second.
You're going to need an Intel I seven 8,700 or an AMD Ryzen seven 2,700 32 gigs of Ram
and either an Nvidia G force RTX 30 80 G force RTX 40 series.
If you want DLSS three or at AMD Radeon RX 6,800, no matter which version you take,
you're going to need 90 gigabytes of space.
That's what you're going to need for all of the versions.
So, uh, Blizzard did say Diablo four will still attempt to run, even if you have below
the minimum specifications, but the game experience may be diminished.
So at least it's not as bad as Star Wars.
Was it with 150 gigabyte install and 128 gigabyte patch?
Yeah.
So, well, we don't know what the patch is going to look like for Diablo, but, uh, I
imagine it's probably going to have a pretty big patch as well.
So, um, and Questbuster does point out there are some freebies you can carry into the main
game in this beta, like a title and some cosmetics.
Yes.
And if you didn't get the stuff the first time you can get it this time and they added
a new one to try to get people to play again.
There's something from beating the world boss, uh, that you can carry in the main game.
And I forget what it is in the moment, but it's, it's another cosmetic.
So, all right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We'll start with the U S and what's coming to store shelves this week.
Not a lot this week, but we've got age of wonders four on PC PlayStation five and Xbox
series, red fall on PC and Xbox series, uh, Raven Oak on the PC, uh, Xbox one and Xbox
series.
Um, I guess let's wave Raven lock my mistake, uh, death or treat.
I love that name on PC PlayStation five and Xbox series Hogwarts legacy coming to PlayStation
four and Xbox one.
And that's it.
All right.
Well, traveling to Japan and checking out the releases there.
If you might, you might recall last week, I said it is that it is finally that week.
Are there any new games this week?
Not really why it's golden week in Japan.
So, uh, there really isn't anything coming out, but I will point out that there is actually
one release randomly on the PlayStation five.
I'm not sure why it's happening right now, but it is a game called TT Isle of man ride
on the edge three that it's a, it's a motocross type of game.
It's a motorbike simulator racer game.
That's the one game that is daring to release this week on the fifth.
Um, but that is it.
Otherwise that's probably, probably why, uh, you're seeing a pretty dry calendar and
other region regions too.
I will take this opportunity to remind that because it is golden week in Japan, a lot
of places are having sales like dark soccer.
You pointed out in chat steam is actually selling Catherine tonight's classic game
selection for five bucks as a tie into a golden week sale.
I haven't seen a similar sale on PlayStation's front yet, but one might be coming this week
because technically I think it starts started yesterday or today.
There's it's company wide for, um, for Sega and also Capcom sent out an email, um, that
some of their games, both physical and digital are also on various sales.
Um, but, uh, like I actually, even though I already have the PS four version, I picked
up a PPO Tetris for five bucks and, and then the sequel for, I think six.
Yeah.
So, I mean, there's some pretty good sales on there for games.
Like the whole Etrian Odyssey collection is like 80 bucks for the whole thing.
Wow.
Valkyria Chronicle collection is like 15.
Yeah.
So yeah, so there was some pretty good stuff on there and devolver is also having a sale
just putting that out.
So if you want cult of the lamb, it's 16 bucks right now.
And there is a bunch of new stuff that just came out for it.
If you have the DLC.
Nice.
And as I mentioned earlier in the show, I don't think it has anything to do a golden
week and I don't even know if this deal is still available, but I did pick up stranger
paradise final fantasy origin for 20 bucks.
It finally hit that sweet spot for me.
Um, it was, it's only certain sites.
So Amazon target and Walmart all have it for 20 bucks.
Best buy for whatever reason didn't, I don't know why.
And then Amazon was sold out of the PS five version, but public service announcement.
If you really want the PS five version, the PS four version has a completely free upgrade.
You just have to have the disc in the drive when you play it, which whatever you'd have
to do that with a PS five version anyway.
So it works all the same as far as I'm concerned.
So, uh, that I will definitely be streaming that probably Tuesday.
I think Monday I'm going to do a theater of them stream again because I'm the deals.
I never did a stream of the DLC because I was so focused on final fantasy pixel remaster
and something I had a, I had a really big week at my day job.
So I'm, I was really focused on that.
So we'll get back to the stream this week.
We'll do, we'll do as 200 Matt does point out.
Best buy should price match.
I didn't test that.
Um, but I, I, uh, a certain friend of mine that is always influencing me to buy games
had suggested the same thing when I was like, well, I don't want to get it cause the PS
five version is gone.
Um, so, but then I learned the PS four version is essentially the same thing.
All right.
We almost skipped the UK.
I don't want to do that.
Dark Sakura.
There's only one game I am not going to say the name of because I don't believe it should
have any press or anyone should be supporting.
Oh, that game on lesser platforms.
If I remember calling, right?
Yeah.
It will be out on May 5th for PlayStation and Xbox.
But if I, I, I do not support anyone supporting that.
Sorry.
Um, actually I'm not sorry.
I'm really not sorry at all to say that.
I'm sorry that it has to be said.
Um, so on May 2nd, red fall is coming out for Xbox on the fifth, a Trek to Yomi is coming
out on PlayStation.
Um, on the fifth on PlayStation, turn it boy commits tax evasion.
I just think that's the best name ever.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Yeah, I think I had the game on Stadia.
Um, but any, anyway, yeah, it's, it's a, it's a cute RPG type game.
Um, but yeah, that's, that's it.
I mean, the other stuff coming out of the month is of course, we've got, uh, tears of
the kingdom.
We have a bubble bobble, every bubble.
Try saying that three times fast.
I love it.
Yeah.
Releases are picking up with, uh, when that Zelda game hits boy, we're getting into the
summers.
Summer is stacked.
Stacked puzzle, puzzle, bubble, puzzle, bubble, every bubble.
I'm actually, I'm actually pretty happy.
It's got, it's the Japanese name puzzle bobble instead of best to move.
Cause there's only one bus to move me in my heart.
I think at some point they finally did revert.
I don't think this is the first game to come out.
Not called bus to move.
I feel like they did revert that finally at some point.
I think it was like the, there was iOS game that was like the puzzle bobble map, weird
buy our stuff game.
Um, but, but yeah, um, I always thought puzzle bobble was a better name, you know, cause
there was only one bus to move and it involves dancing and roller skates for the second one.
All right, let's move on and get into some more news.
We'll also be taking discord calls later in the show over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
That's vognetwork.com slash discord.
But even if you're not here live on Sunday night, I would encourage you to head over
there throughout the week and chat with us.
Let's get into some more stories.
Loki.
Yeah.
So there is more talk about the ROG Ally, which is a kind of steam deck handheld competitor
by Asus.
And, um, it looks pretty cool.
We now know kind of what the price might be.
Thanks to a leak.
According to the leak, it says that the price is supposed to be $699.
Um, it looks cool.
Like spec wise, it's supposed to run games better than the steam deck.
And I know it's been on different tech, uh, content creator channels and stuff like that.
They were like kind of showing off some of the stuff with it.
But, um, yeah, I mean, they said, of course that, you know, the leak also says that I
can play, um, you know, obviously any of the, uh, streaming platforms.
They said, Xbox game, fast G-force now, Google game, steam windows.
I mean, of course it's raining windows.
So why wouldn't it?
Um, I don't remember what, I don't know if we know what the specs were of that yet.
Uh, they said it houses an AMD Z1 extreme and a 512 gigabyte NVMe M2 SSD, 16 gigs of,
uh, DDR5 RAM.
That's not bad.
Um, it looks cool.
It's also expensive, but it looks cool.
Yeah.
It's a little pricey, but, um, you know, the handheld element is pretty big deal.
Yeah.
It sounds like it's going to be, you know, it'll probably run your switch games better
than your switch.
So, you know, that's the sad thing about it.
If you want to play modded, uh, Zelda that, uh, Nintendo doesn't want you to see, uh,
this might be the system to do it with.
Asus do it, Nintendo don't.
All right.
Speaking of things Nintendo doesn't want you to see, Dark Sakura.
Okay.
So, um, you know, and this is actually, I guess, sort of outside of the spirit of the
old Giga leak, you know, but, um, they found a Game & Watch Tetris prototype.
It's a dual screen.
Um, and it, it looks pretty, pretty neat.
I mean, the Game & Watch were the LCDs, you know, that just like, like tiger toy style,
right?
Yeah.
Um, you know, monochrome and, um, but this one was actually full on Tetris.
Um, it it's in the safe Buster shell.
Um, but if it is real, then that means that they were working on the concept of it.
I don't, it's coming from a Japanese Twitter post Vectrex 0 9 0 4.
Um, but I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if they were going to try to do a Tetris, but
I don't know why it would have been a dual screen.
Sorry.
The sound for the, I was trying to play the video for people and the sound came in.
Sorry.
Oh, but yeah, let me, let me see what, what this, uh, what this says.
Oh, come on.
Why are you open Twitter?
I was going to be about having it translate the tweet so that I can see what it, what
it says is I read like a semi-literate five-year-old.
Um, it's the Nintendo Game Watch playthrough of the Phantom Tetris prototype.
What's interesting about this, just looking at it is that the well is very different from
a typical Tetris game.
And then most of all is the whole, like, you can move all of the blocks left and right,
which seems kind of, it almost, it looks more like luminous to me, but like, if you
could move all of the pieces to the left or the right, I don't know.
It's weird.
It's, it's, I can see why they didn't go with it.
It's, it's too different from, from a regular Tetris, I think.
So, uh, there's, uh, there's actually from another post from a hero, Papa, uh, zero,
zero, um, it says introducing rare items on the occasion of the release of electronic
game machine super guide.
This is the prototype of the discontinued game and watch version of Tetris and it's different
pictures of it.
Um, and different contents.
So yeah, it's looking kind of legit.
I don't know.
Maybe, um, I'll, I'll, what I'll do, and I'm sorry people, but the, um, you know, how Twitter
posts are, they have the very long name.
I'll post it in our chat here and I'll repost it on my Twitter so that people can see.
All right, let's move on.
I'm talking about other, uh, items that are making their way to retailers finally, right
Loki?
I mean, we'll see how, how much to make it to retailers, but apparently the PlayStation
VR two is supposed to be hitting retail shelves at some point.
I literally forgot.
I just want to point out, I literally forgot the PS VR two existed until now.
I mean, so it's, it's supposed according to, uh, the UK retailer shop too.
They've suggested that it's going to be in stock starting May 12th, allegedly.
But to, to that I say, so like, I mean,
is it really in that much demand right now?
Like, I honestly can't imagine this flying off shelves.
I don't know.
I, I, yeah, again, what are people buying these for?
I don't know, but I mean, PlayStation fives themselves are certainly like, they're, you
don't have to try too hard to find those anymore.
Yeah, I've seen some in like some of the targets, not the one I normally go to, but I've seen
them like occasionally.
Um, but yeah, I mean, cool.
I don't know.
And Shane says, I haven't played mine in forever.
And you, you never did even play no man's sky.
Did you Shane?
Uh, anyway, like I, I do, I would love to try that, that new, um, you know, spiritual
successor to, um, the, the game I loved on PlayStation VR, but like me.
Oh, um, you're talking about the until dawn Russian blood.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Until dawn Russian blood.
Yeah.
Like I'd be, I'd be cool to check it out, but like, that's more of like a, I want to
check it out.
Like at a, one of those, you know, on tour Sony things, like I'll check it out there
and like check it out.
I'm not going to check it out with a deposit of, you know, thousand dollars, $1,100 to
play this thing.
No, bring the PC, please.
I'll, I'll play it on PC, but I, I'm not paying that kind of money.
No, thank you.
Uh, Shane does point out switch back.
The game you're trying to think of was the game, which was the game I played the most
on, on PSVR too.
And Bobby says that people are buying it for Gran Turismo seven.
I guess I could see that if you're, I could see that.
Yeah, I see that.
I just don't think it's a lot of people, you know?
Yes, there is an audience for it.
It's not a gigantic audience or just nothing.
That's really like screaming like, Oh my God, I got to get it for this.
Switchback VR is cool, but like it, you need more, like the horizon game was even just
kind of, it's a nice tech demo, but it's not a great game.
Like I need something a little bit more substantial.
Yeah.
Bobby and Chad says there's no killer app for PSVR too.
Yeah, it's, it's, that's it.
There's no like killer app.
There's no Wii Sports, right?
I'm kind of holding out actually for like a quest three.
Like I'm curious to see what that looks like.
Cause my kids' quest twos, like I've, I've used them a little bit while I set them up
and they're pretty nice.
Like it's not bad.
Like I have like a, uh, was it the Rift S or whatever, but that thing's pretty old at
this point.
And you know, I have a PlayStation VR as well, but like my computer is like, it can crank
out VR like nothing.
And I've been building a library as I do in Steam.
Um, but it would be nice to have some like modern hardware that could run it.
Uh, that I would play for like five minutes and then put it back in the box.
I, I have a callback.
I have a callback to something at the top of the show that I'm dying to get out here
with this story.
Cause it's, I just had an aha moment.
Okay.
So if Sony were to try to buy another studio that makes a VR game, shouldn't the UK block
that because it's to allow Microsoft to compete in that space?
To allow Nintendo to compete in that space?
If PlayStation wants to buy a company that makes VR games, shouldn't that be blocked
under the same logic that the UK blocked the Microsoft Activision deal?
I mean, none of it makes sense.
So sure.
I mean, why not?
I know, no, it doesn't make sense, but that's my point because I'm looking at that going,
well, Microsoft actively chose to pursue AR and then decided not to go down that route
at least for gaming.
I know they do it for other stuff, but, uh, they decided not to go down that route.
Microsoft and Nintendo kind of had that fold paper box VR thing.
It was, it's throw away.
It was nothing.
It's a non-issue, you know, as these companies are choosing not to participate here.
SSG100Matt says, if Sony wants to be sassy, Rob will sass back.
Hire Rob, Microsoft.
That's sweet of you to say.
I will say I have some friends who are getting good things for them.
It's Microsoft.
So that's great.
But I, I like my current day job is fine.
You know why my current day job is great?
Because I can separate it from all of this.
That's, that's great.
So it allows me to continue to be impartial.
So, all right.
Oh no, I just saw something terrible.
Oh no, who died?
No one, well, it's a site, um, forest of illusion closed.
Oh yeah.
I was trying.
Okay.
So we actually had a story, um, uh, dark to see it submitted a story about that, but I
couldn't get on the site while I was prepping.
So I had to cut the story, but I guess they had some ROM of like a hotel and 64 collection.
Here I am getting in the story anyway.
That was like a part of that, but yeah, they're, they're gone now.
So that's terrible.
Yeah.
And their YouTube and Twitter accounts are gone too.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, this is something that isn't gone yet, but it's probably going to be pretty soon.
And that is, uh, the game Portopia.
It is, if you don't know the name of the game, I don't blame you.
This is Square Enix's AI tech preview game.
So what happened?
Square Enix did a remastered version of the Portopia serial murder case, and it was to
showcase AI.
That preview is out now.
This was a classic adventure game from the eighties.
It was authored by Yuji Horii, who you probably know from Dragon Quest.
And this is now actually the first official release of the game in the West.
Technically, uh, this is a text adventure.
So it like parses text, right?
So you either type things in or you use speech to text in the game.
And in this game, you are a junior detective and, you know, do this whole thing.
But AI tech is through NLP, natural language processing.
So basically, you know, if you think about those classic games like Zork and things like
that, it's basically using AI to like translate what you're saying into the game's language
or, you know, that that's a really rough way to pretty much say it.
So, um, yeah, uh, I guess originally there was even going to be natural replies for
situations where the system didn't have a preordained answer, but they were worried
about unethical replies because, you know, somebody would get this game to say something
really, really bad, and then there'd be a clip of it all over the internet.
So Square rightfully kind of walked away from that.
But how is this going?
Well, the tech preview is up and it has a 10% positive review rating on Steam.
Most are finding frustration with the AI partner saying that basically,
Yasu gets stuck in response loops.
So some people have jumped in and played the game and said, yeah, it just,
so for example, I can, so you ask a question, like, was the murder weapon found at the scene?
It doesn't know what to do with it.
Did the victim live alone?
Doesn't know what to do with it.
So it's, it's just, it's not smart enough.
Like people, people are trying to make AI happen like way ahead where it's, and of course,
we all know it's really, it's a machine learning or as I call it autocomplete.
All of this AI stuff is like that autocomplete shit that shows up on, you know, uh, Gmail.
It's gone, gone way too far, turned up to 11.
It's like if the NYPD had a bring your kid to work day and they made this like top
detective's partner a two-year-old.
No, cause then the game would just be like, why, why, why, why it's a, it's a baby in a stroller.
Uh, fixation gaze and chat says I'm honestly way too tired of AI.
Same.
This is a buzzword.
I'm just, I'm already exhausted.
Like we're not ready for autocomplete to run society.
Stop.
I still found it creepy doing the voice thing today.
I don't.
And some of that, I don't know.
I don't, I don't know.
Cause that means you could like have people that are no longer with us having their voice again.
I don't know.
Maybe for historical figures that could be interesting, but I,
there's something about that that just weirds me out.
Maybe, maybe I just need to get over it.
I don't know.
So, well, it, the ones that I did for me, like it doesn't really
even sound much like me and all I had to do was change certain inflections
and it sounded completely different.
So I think we're still a far away from it being super believable.
Yep.
All right.
Well, with that, that was the last story that we had slotted for tonight.
So we're going to get to the listener round table.
And this is the part of the show where we invite your feedback via not just the chat room.
If you have some questions there, but you can also call in over at vognetwork.com
slash discord, and you can email us.
Participate at orange launch radio.com is place to email us.
I think we actually did get an email earlier in the week.
Didn't we, Darce Chakra?
We did actually.
Should I go ahead and read?
I know.
I feel like I, I just hope this wasn't just because of my threats last week,
but I appreciate the gesture all the same.
Thank you.
Yeah, please read it.
Yeah.
Well, as soon as it loads up, our mail site is not the fastest.
Oh, it logged me out.
No wonder.
Well then let me give a shout out one more time for that email address.
I've got it.
Participate at orange launch radio.com.
Hi, all.
Decided to drop this week's question in mail, in the mail.
So my gaming week consisted of cross code, which is a pixelated game about an avatar
who doesn't remember who she is or what she's doing in the location that she's in.
Sorry.
Trying to be as vague as possible in case someone wants to play the game too.
It gives the feel of a game within a game.
As you play the game, you learn you're an avatar in an MMO.
Basically, the story surrounds itself that the character, as she tries to regain her memories,
the next game I played is called Homestead Arcana, in which you play as a witch whose
task is to fix the land around her aunt's farm that has been corrupted by miasma,
all while trying to discover what happened to her aunt who somehow mysteriously disappeared.
And last but not least, Ghostwire Tokyo.
I've had that on my list for a bit.
It definitely...
Yeah, let me tell you that game is amazing.
It has minor challenges, but nothing game-breaking.
The story is really well done.
And being an open-world game, there's a lot to do within the game's six chapters.
I hope you guys had a great gaming week too.
Sincerely, Michi Kenz, aka Michi.
Thanks for the email, Mich.
It's good to hear about your gaming week.
And yeah, I know in some of my personal streams, you and DT have brought up Ghostwire Tokyo.
And yeah, that game, you definitely have all put that on my radar for sure.
It's nice that it's on Game Pass right now.
Um, so yeah, I have to check that out at some point.
For sure.
So by the way, I went ahead and pulled up the...
It's the Nintendo LodgeNet 64 gateway system.
That was it.
Okay, yeah.
Yep.
And yeah, they put the entire ROM catalog on there.
And, but there were some games that said that was missing from it.
Um, and going through the Wayback Machine, the link is completely broken.
Ah, okay.
But if anyone is interested, I know I won't have any ability to really, you know,
give the address to our podcast listeners.
But I'll share the Wayback link in chat, and I'll put it on my Twitter.
Awesome, awesome.
All right.
Well, thank you very much for the email, Mich.
And by the way, I have played that CrossCode game as well.
You'd have to go back a ways to when that game first came out on Game Pass,
but I didn't get very far.
I probably need to revisit it.
But you know, then a shiny new game comes out or a shiny old game
recaptures my attention like Skyrim.
And then it's like, I never finished what I start.
So that's why committing to beating...
I used to be very...
And this is just a personal thing I had to get over.
I used to be very against playing narrative games on stream,
because I don't always love to pick up a game part way through as a viewer,
because I don't understand what happened to get to that point.
But I've kind of found that especially through some classic games,
like the Final Fantasy Picture Remaster, it's whatever, you know,
because at the end of the day, the game mechanics are still the same, right?
So there's that.
So it's a little personal journey I'm going on, for whatever it's worth.
I do have another story.
Oh, please.
Yeah, last minute stories are awesome.
So go ahead, DarkSakura.
So you know that terrible CDI Zelda game?
Unfortunately, yes, I do.
Well, there are two of them, right?
Well, I'm referring specifically to the Zelda Faces of Evil
and Zelda Wand of Gamelan together.
Okay.
There was also...
I mean, they're all pretty bad.
But someone has done a game called Zelda's Adventure based on those games
as a demake for Game Boy.
And just looking it over, it actually will work on an original Game Boy,
if you've got a flash cart for it or other methods of playing it.
But it incorporates some of the features from Oracle of Ages and Oracle of Seasons
and uses the visual style of Link's Awakening.
Those are good games.
I like the Oracle of Ages and Seasons.
And apparently people are saying that it's actually a pretty decent game.
Okay.
Unlike the inspiration for it.
That's okay.
Sometimes there's a good story to be found in there somewhere.
Just thought I'd share.
No, I appreciate the last minute story.
Loki, did you have anything on your plate for last minute stories?
Yeah, there's this cool mod that looks like it was showcased that
uses...
It's for Skyrim VR.
It uses ChatGPT to basically allow you to talk to NPCs in the game.
And then they respond back with all sorts of randomly created dialogue, I guess.
It's not great because it's slow.
But the dialogue is pretty good for an NPC.
And they synthesize the voice using the NPC voices.
Doesn't sound great because it is recreated with AI.
But it's a thing.
I'm really worried that in the next couple of years,
in some of these open world games that we're going to see,
we're going to see people try to use AI to sort of make an open world seem more open.
I just, I would really caution the industry to implement something like this before it's ready.
I think the narrative on this is moving way faster than it should be.
I don't think it's going to be.
I mean, yeah, we probably will see that in a couple of years.
But this is the worst it's ever going to be.
So like, you know, it's only going to get better from here,
and it's already gotten better so fast.
So yeah, in a couple of years, it should be ready to rock.
I don't know.
But yeah, don't get me wrong.
I fully intend, fully expect the game industry to screw it up somehow.
Like, you know, it's publishers doing what publishers do best,
where they push games to be done before they're done.
And so you get technical hitches.
And so yeah, you will end up, you know, with AI not acting correctly if they cut corners.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says Ubisoft already replaced their junior level writers with GPT.
Well, Ubisoft is run by a fucking moron.
Let me go on the record and say that too.
Like, unfortunately, I'm not surprised to hear that.
But they're going to pay the price when those games come out.
And then Zen Monkey 11 follows that up with some friends of mine were in VR chat talking with AI,
and it called one of them a slur we don't say ever.
So game devs need to be careful with that shit.
Absolutely.
And Ubisoft is going to get that in some clip of their game,
because they thought AI was a good idea.
Like, Ubisoft is run by a fucking idiot.
Quote it, put it on the back of the box.
Anyway, any other last minute stories?
No, that's it.
Okay.
I am in agreement about fuckery.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I'm sorry to leave things on a sour note tonight.
But I think that's all we have on our agenda tonight.
And you know what?
We didn't have any FUs of the Week music.
No, no.
And here's the whole thing.
Bobby says in their defense, they're just using GPT to write the script for the random
NPCs.
They won't directly talk to GPT.
Okay, today.
And even then, I just, I don't know.
It's, you can't replace artists.
Stop trying.
All right.
That is all I have to say on that.
Let's wrap things up for the night.
You know what?
I could honestly use a nap after last night, so I'm okay if we're done a little bit early
tonight.
But let's get on out of here for the night.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio, please tell a friend or two about
the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices to put out here on air.
So leave us a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or wherever it is you
found this show.
It goes an awful long way.
Oh, I forgot to check Spotify to see if we had any comments.
Leave us a comment on that thing that they added.
So yeah, and I promise I'll check those this week.
And yes, this is Joe 100 Matt says, join the Discord.
All of those things.
Okay, let's wrap up and get on out of here for the night.
But Dark Sakura, you go first.
Your final thought for the night.
Um, I am, I don't know.
I, I've, Gwen, you know, has been in a really bad state.
And on my Twitter, I have linked her GoFundMe so that she can afford to pay her bills.
So I haven't heard from her in three days.
And I'm really worried.
So I would just say if anyone can do anything to help the link of it is a pinned post on
my Twitter at Dark Sakura.
And if anyone can do anything to help her out, I'd greatly appreciate it.
Can you please let us know on the socials or Discord when you hear that's the that's
an alarming thing to hear.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm really worried.
Yeah, I mean, she's she's had problems with depression for a while.
And I know this is only making it worse.
And I'm, I'm really worried.
I mean, she's one of my longest friends.
And, you know, she was, you know, worried that, you know, power would be shut down.
No phone, no internet.
And I mean, I know that there's, sorry, my notes are just grace periods, but I would
just really appreciate it that if there's anything that you contribute, even if it's
just reposting the link for my Twitter, I would greatly appreciate it to spread the
word and we needed to have the money already raised by now.
But we need at least 500 bucks.
So the link is there.
If you can.
Great.
If you can't, it's understandable.
All right.
Well, I know you're on your way out to go.
Yeah, run around.
All right.
Have fun in Dead by Daylight.
We'll see you later.
See you soon.
Later taters.
All right.
Let's head over to Loki your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I feel like I'm sprinting when it comes to content creation.
And I had to keep sprinting for another three months.
Hey, we're tired.
Celebrate the goalposts you do have.
You have a thousand followers.
I don't have that many on Twitch.
You got you got more.
I think you have more than Jamie too.
So you got you got lots, lots of followers.
Good for you.
It's great.
Celebrate that.
Yeah.
Congrats.
You earned it.
You work very hard on those videos.
And one of these days people will fucking see that.
And it's they're seeing it.
It's slow, but they're seeing it.
Long hours.
Yes.
It's the same thing I tell YYR behind those games.
One of these days, somebody's going to see super multitasking.
It finally did happen.
It just maybe didn't catch the wildfire.
I thought maybe being featured in a video like that would.
But, you know, one of these days, one of these days.
My final thought, I guess I'll also update on my personal stream stuff.
So Monday, I think we're going to do some Theatrhythm.
I think I'm going to just do a marathon Theatrhythm stream
and really try to play every song once and try to get through
that portion of the game and get that trophy.
And then Tuesday, I'm going to start Stranger of Paradise
Final Fantasy Origin.
I'll hold the box up one more time because I've done it,
like, 70 times tonight.
So we'll do that.
There we go.
Thank you, Jaskren, for asking.
What's Loki's YouTube handle again?
It is loki.olr on YouTube.
All one word.
No underscores or dashes.
So and thank you for the link, Mike Deft.
If you want to follow me on Twitch, you can here at Rob Roberts
and then DarkSakura will be rating in just a moment.
So just stay tuned and we'll hop into her channel.
That's it.
She's DarkSakura underscore O-L-R for the...
I forgot.
We also have podcast listeners who don't get to automatically
rate right after the feed.
So that's it.
We're done.
We're going to wrap up for the night.
Thank you so much, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days.
I need a nap and then I'm going to play some video games.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye-bye.
We're all still true.
