Samba de Amigo Party Central is going to have Escape from the City and I am immensely
excited about this.
The article doesn't specify which version it is, I'm holding out hope it might be
the Cash Cash or Blue Blur remix from Sonic Generations, but I expect it's going to
be the original version from Sonic Adventure 2.
For a game that revolves around Samba thematically and dance generally, it's a toss up as to
which version would be considered best for the game.
This is your Byla Byla update, now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers
and Loki to tell you the other detail from that article and the rest of the week's
gaming news.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again tonight, April the 2nd of 2023 with episode number 954 of our
show.
I'm very thankful it is April the 2nd, that way you all know no April Fool's jokes
on tonight's show because that holiday is silly.
I would like to see April Fool's Day become April Memes Day where you save your best meme
for the whole year and then unleash the memes on that day.
That's what I think we should change.
What do you think, Dark Soccer or Jamie Summers, who's here every week?
Memes Day, who's in?
Cool.
I did nothing but memes for like five years all about Mass Effect.
There you go.
I can do this.
You've got a stock ready to go.
And then that way people aren't believing fake news.
I can't tell you how many things I saw posted on Facebook yesterday where it was like, did
you not check the calendar?
No RuPaul is not leaving Drag Race.
I know, but to anybody out there listening who did.
I saw very little on Twitter, come to think of it.
Really?
I think that just a lot of the people I know are like, April Fool's Day is bullshit and
just don't participate anymore.
Yeah, yeah.
I think there's kind of just like a whole generation out there that just is over April
Fool's Day, quite frankly.
You know what April 1st is?
The beginning of my birthday.
Your birthday month.
My birthday month, which I celebrate all month because me being alive is a gift to the universe.
We'll also say hello joining us every week.
Another gift to the universe.
Say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Are you a big April Fool's Day fan?
I'm a fan of consuming April Fool's stuff.
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
Fine.
How about April Memes Day?
I mean, yeah, that'd be cool.
Like a Meme Oscars or something like that.
The Meme Oscars.
I love it.
The best.
The best.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, at
the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog network, where you can chat along with
our show.
Or tonight, the listeners being very generous right now.
We're all the way up to a level six hype train.
Loki, you had a lot to do with that.
You just gave out like 15 gift subs in chat, so thank you very much and thanks to everybody.
I will always ... Because we are taping a podcast here, I usually don't read out all
of those acknowledgements until the very end, but if you're here until the end, I will absolutely
shout all that out.
It also scrolls along the bottom of the screen, like a little CNN news ticker or something,
so please know we love all you guys that go the extra mile with your participation.
Speaking of participating, hmm.
I just have to point out who's in chat today.
Well, I was actually going to read a comment from Shayla in chat who says, I have coffee
and it woke me up.
It has the extreme caffeine.
Well, that makes two of us, Shayla, because I'm drinking coffee here as we're getting
started here at the top of the show, as I tend to do, so.
Shayla is infamous.
From your stream, yeah.
From our team, Yeet, as the queen of chaos and the killer tamer.
Yeah, she really cracked me up the way ... Because I lurk in your stream and I think I even played
games with Shayla.
I'm almost positive I did at one point.
Yeah, I think you might have.
Just running up and trying to boop the killer and do all those things, just you know.
My impersonation of Shayla, I love you.
That's good.
That's good.
I love you.
Boop.
I love you.
Morimi.
Come over.
Morimi.
Morimi.
All right.
Anyway.
Hence the reason I made that particular shirt.
The Morimi shirt is all about Shayla.
Andrew 200 Matt in chat says, would have thought Rob would have brought the tea for tonight's
E3 talk.
Well, you know what?
It's all the same mug at the end of the day.
Oh.
Oh, we have that topic to get into at the start of the show.
Do we?
Well, what a lovely segue into our kickoff topic for tonight.
Look, all of you that listen to this show, I'm sure many of you follow what's going on
in the industry, so this news isn't going to come as a shock, but we're going to talk
about it.
I am completely shocked.
I may have a thing or two to say about this that might shock you.
So, Loki, what's the big headline on everyone's mind this week?
So first the news came out from IGN, from inside sources that said, hey, E3 is done
or E3 has been canceled this year, probably because everybody's leaving E3.
No one's actually, you know, displaying their games there.
Then prompted from that kind of reveal or scoop or whatever, the ESA or on the E3 accounts
basically said, hey, read pop and entertainment software association have announced that both
the digital and physical events for E3 2023 are canceled.
And then they did like an interview, I think, with I forget which site had a game industry
biz talking about the reasons they were blaming COVID-19 and a bad economy for some of the
reasons for the cancellation.
I mean, we knew that they would do that.
Did I not see the author of that article respond to you on Twitter going, it is not
COVID-19, it is not COVID-19.
I'm almost positive I saw that reply on Twitter somewhere.
But regardless, that is certainly something they're pointing at as a reason amongst several
reasons with what's going on and certainly was a reason that they haven't done the show
for the past few years, including last year when most shows were coming back.
Whether it was a good idea or not with the pandemic going on, that's another discussion.
But most shows were coming back, E3 did not and said it was COVID-19, even though that
didn't seem to stop most of the other shows last year, but it is what it is.
And I do see some comments in chat, Shayla is asking, what is E3?
Kind of less familiar.
And to be fair, there hasn't been one since 2019.
So we're going on four years now, there hasn't been an E3.
So once upon a time, there was a trade show that was created for the gaming industry.
It was where work becomes fun.
That is E3.
And it was a chance for the game industry to get together and show off the games that
they're making to retailers.
Also because, you know, people from Montgomery Ward would come to the show and Kmart would
come out to E3, I said once upon a time, for what they're going to stock their shelves
with this year.
Bobby on his show tonight was showing an ad from 1998 that was talking about Pokemon and
how they were selling that to Toys R Us the first time, you know, this trade show was
going on.
And so it was a place for the industry to get together.
And then, you know, it might be, let's go out and have some drinks and have some gnarly
parties and, you know, just get together in the industry and do things and all that stuff.
Google at the booth babes, you know, they would always like, it was the misogynistic
like kind of take on the whole thing that they just had to plaster that around as well.
There was absolutely, especially in the early years, that mindset of the quote unquote boys
club that the video game industry was, and some would say still is, although there's
kind of treated it like a hot red show almost like it's like trying to get people to come
to their booth.
Now, I'm not going to razz E3 for that because they came a long way in the later years.
So forth, you know, they progressed with the rest of the industry that has nothing
to do with the reasons why they're no longer around as a show.
But what ended up happening as time went on, this thing out there got more and more popular
and it's called the internet and they would bring it into your house with cable, you know,
used to dial into it, but you know, that only let the internet move so fast.
But once they started bringing in the internet and cable lines, you could get video on demand.
You could watch video on demand, much like you're watching TV.
Actually, I think that's what y'all are doing right now with this very program.
I mean, you might be listening to it on the podcast feed, but that's a very similar sort
of thing, right?
And this is what started happening to E3 is that E3 just got televised at home and all
those trailers broadcast right into your home and everything there, there ended up being
less and less of a reason to actually go to E3 because more and more of it you could experience
from your couch.
Did my grandpa tell you a story about E3 2010?
Maybe 2012?
It was one of those years I went and I had to justify at the Ubisoft booth why I deserved
a ticket to see their little show.
Like oh yes, I have a long running podcast.
Yes, we have XYZ number of listeners.
Yeah, we do.
You know, and basically, you know, somebody's being very skeptical like, I don't know.
Okay.
And then they let me in to a half empty theater and I get to see a trailer for the new Assassin's
Creed game, which granted looks really good.
And I saw a trailer for a bunch of other games.
I go back to the hotel that night and I see on YouTube the exact same trailer that I had
to justify why I should get into the theater to see.
That was the moment Rob Roberts started to realize this show really isn't what it used
to be and that the things that we experienced at the show and what's behind closed doors
and all that ain't what it used to be.
And Tiger class said, yep, once the internet became fast enough, it was like you were actually
there.
Yeah.
And then you had television networks on cable that were broadcasting 24 seven sorta, but
for the most part all day long from that experience, et cetera, et cetera.
So the show started to basically lose its relevance as a news breaking sort of thing,
which is what E3 became known for over the years, even though E3 was supposed to be a
trade show for the industry to get together and wheel and deal.
But unfortunately at the same time, the internet was ruining this element of the conversation.
Do you remember back earlier when I was telling this story, I mentioned some of the retailers
that would go Montgomery Ward, Kmart, what happened to all these retailers?
They're also less of relevance that they used to be because of this little thing called
the internet and be it direct purchasing, direct to your house deliveries, all of those
types of things.
I'm not saying that places like GameStop, Target and places you can walk in and get
physical games don't exist anymore, but I think you all know it looks a lot different
in the year 2023 than it used to hell even in the year 2019 and certainly versus the
year 2006, which was the last like epic E3 type of year, basically.
Yeah, thank you, Bobby.
When we say theater, we mean like a theater built into a booth.
So it's like, yeah, four wall, it's a mini theater.
It's like Black Wolf Manor's basement theater.
It was like that.
Okay.
When you go to an electronic store and they have like, here's the demo set up for our
surround sound system theater type of thing.
And Shayla, don't apologize.
Of course you're learning, but you're also bringing up a very, very important point.
Unless you'd gone to E3, your brain was left to fill in a lot of the gaps on these sort
of things.
So when you were talking about going to the Square Enix theater to see the Final Fantasy
13 versus trailer, and you're reading about that in a magazine, a lot of people are reading
out thinking, Ooh, they have a whole theater there on the floor.
Wow.
This place must be big.
I was breaking into my Jennifer Coolidge there for a little minute.
Wow.
Dish Avantage, big.
Just like my exes.
Oh, forget it.
Anyway.
One of the issues with E3 and those who can attend it can relate to says Tiger Claw is
the long longs just to try out a demo.
Yes.
Very that.
Well, yeah.
And then, and then on top of that, like even when you go there, it seemed like, you know,
it was hard to keep track of like everything that you can't see everything in time.
And even if you knew like what you wanted to see and you could get through all the lines
and stuff, it's hard to keep track of like everything that's going on because you're
there in person.
Whereas if you're on the Internet, you can just digest it on any number of gaming websites
that have all the headlines that they've been sent pre, you know, in advance by these game
companies.
Pretty much.
I mean, it's been that way.
Critch Peacefuzz in chat, HiHi says, I thought it was the studios that killed E3 who pulled
out, made their own event with hookers and cocaine.
I was just about to tell the Nintendo Direct starting this trend.
The Nintendo Direct was very much a beginning of the end and then Sony realized it could
work for them as well.
Now, I wouldn't necessarily attach hookers and cocaine to Nintendo.
But there's a certain part of the dark side of these trade show cultures that you all
have read about, unfortunately, that doesn't exist when you do the direct approach online
because people aren't gathering in a place and so forth.
So anyway, Loki, did you want to continue?
I know we've kind of got to, but I know maybe you want to talk a little bit about what's
next and that sort of thing.
So well, one of the things like, so they mentioned COVID-19, not necessarily COVID-19 as in the
disease itself is causing people not to attend or something like that.
It's more of that they're saying that COVID-19 altered the way studios develop games, I guess,
because now they're doing it remotely, you know, whereas they're maybe their release
schedules slowed a little bit because of that.
I mean, maybe like in the first year, but like, you know, this many years afterwards,
adapted.
I mean, I think Yeah, I think by now three years like if you haven't adapted yet to
being remote or working remotely, you're just not going to succeed as a business because
you have to adapt quickly.
You can't just take Oh, well, what's gonna take us like 10 years to adapt to this.
So I don't necessarily buy I think it's more of a situation where, sure, they're going
to blame all that.
So they're not going to say, well, it's because we're irrelevant.
I mean, they're not going to say that at all, obviously.
It's because these studios have figured out that, hey, one, we don't have to pay the you
know, this expensive cost to set up a booth at this event, and have to share the spotlight
with all these other studios, we could spend a fraction of that, set up our own event where
all eyes are on us, and just do whatever we want with it.
And I think that's just makes more sense.
It's less manpower for them to do all this, it's less cost for them to do it.
And it's more of a return out of it.
So of course, that's why the industry is going the way that they're going.
That said, though, like, it's also funny to see them compare, you know, compare this stuff
to, you know, COVID-19, and all its other tribute, all that, but then you have like,
you know, CES and stuff like that.
And I don't think that's ever like, gone down as far as
Tokyo game show and Gamescom are still going on a schedule exactly, even a couple rough
years.
So so like, I don't, I don't understand how those are successful.
It's basically the same type of thing.
Somebody said very plainly, why E3 died.
Somebody very plainly said it.
We'll come back to that in a minute, because I'm gonna I'm gonna point it out and underline
it when we get there.
Because it's it's very, very much the reason why it died.
But we'll get there in a minute.
Go ahead and tell us the rest of the news, Loki.
Yeah.
So basically, you know, they, you know, said also that E3 is becoming less popular.
You know, while, you know, confirmed by ESA and E3 organized a repop before the report,
they said many have started the question if the annual trade show was actually going to
happen or not.
You know, just was it right before this announcement went out that they were canceling show Ubisoft
confirmed that they weren't attending.
Previous to that, of course, you had Sony saying they're skipping E3, Microsoft already
confirmed that they weren't going as well.
It's like, who's left?
I mean, like, there's not much left.
Nintendo is obviously not going.
So it's just, I think once again, it's going back to the they're becoming less relevant.
And they can't sustain it either with having, you know, the public come in because, yeah,
the public can come in.
But what are you gonna show them?
There's no one here like, I don't know, it was just I don't think it's sustainable anymore.
So somebody E3 tried to partner with in those last years before the pandemic hit, Jeff Keighley
has had some interesting chess moving pieces as a result of this.
Can we can we get to some of that for the whole like, what's gonna happen now in June
type of thing?
Yeah, let me see if I can find that here real quick.
I don't remember necessarily what Jeff Keighley is doing, but Summer Game Fest.
Well, I mean, yeah, I know that but like, I didn't know what, like recent additions
to that.
Just that it's happening.
And there's, there's, he's very much been kind of hyping it up a bit tactfully around
the E3 cancellation news, which I want to come back to an earlier point, because here
it is because I left you all the cliffhanger hit it here.
But here's the person who told you why E3 was canceled, it's Jeff Keighley.
And it's it's it was a tweet that he very much kept in the drafts until this announcement
came out and then he hit send.
And here's the tweet.
Here's 15 year old me at the first ever E3 in 1995.
E3 meant so much to me and so many of you too.
Four years ago, I realized E3 wasn't evolving as it needed to compete in a global digital
world.
So we started building what's next.
E3 at Summer Game Fest, June 8th, and there it is somebody from the inside, because remember
Jeff was working with E3 to try to fix some of these problems four years ago, stating
very plainly and accurately why E3 is done, E3 wasn't evolving as it needed to compete
in a global digital world.
That's why E3 is dead.
It did not evolve in many ways.
Honestly, and honestly, I don't even know why they bothered announcing that it was going
to be coming back to begin with knowing what they know.
Safe phase.
Well, it's it's also it's it's the direction they're going looking worse.
How are they saving any face when they knew it would make them look worse?
It it's two different like purposes.
Each event had two different purposes.
Yeah, like a lot of it was game announcements and stuff, but E3 was supposed to be working
with retail and their distributor partners to, you know, have meetings about like, hey,
where are we going?
I mean, sure.
Getting the public excited about it as well.
That just goes back into sales stuff.
But when you're talking about a market that's consolidated a ton, you know, not only like
mom and pop video game shops, not a lot of them out there anymore.
The number of distributors that are out there that actually supply those places dwindling
down as we, you know, very few probably.
And then we're talking like retailers.
I mean, there's not a lot of retailers out there anymore.
Either you have, you know, your target, Wal-Mart, that type of stuff.
But like.
I mean, sure, they'll have meetings and stuff, but also, you know, for those not in the know,
outside of E3, they still have meetings like there's the whole PlayStation event that's
a destination PlayStation where they show the same type of stuff they have, like they're
almost like a mini E3 for all Sony stuff.
I'm sure Microsoft does something similar.
That's where those talks are happening now, not E3.
And so you never hear about destination PlayStation or like GameStop's internal like conferencing
that they have as well, because all that stuff's kept under lock and key.
As far as announcements and stuff go, it's all strategizing and everything.
So yeah, they're kind of irrelevant now.
So but the reason why Jeff Keighley is successful, because his intent and purpose isn't necessarily
to make deals with retailers, it's to promote the different games that these companies want
to promote and show.
So they come in, they're utilizing his platform to send the message out to a captive audience
about what's coming out to get people hyped up about that.
And then he is, of course, using that to drive this event for upcoming years.
So he can do all these fun things where they show off different stuff, because the focus
isn't on making these retail agreements.
It's about promoting these games.
It's a big commercial is basically it.
Yep.
Jeff has asked that question that the ESA needed asked quite some time ago, and that
was what is special about this event that's going to make people want to come here and
not do their own thing digitally, instead of trying to apply the template that had worked
for years and years prior.
I want to get to a couple of comments here from chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
She Hulk 10 says the game companies are cutting back, not investing in their people, customers
and so forth, stopping E3, canceling the company, picnics, breaks, PTO, safety meetings, catered
lunches, so forth, all money must be given to stockholders.
So E3 is just an expense the company's turned off accurate assessment.
Quite frankly, I would say to, to kind of take that a step further again, it goes back
to the ESA did not give a reason why you had to go to E3.
They did not create enough of a, of a must as to why to do that.
And again, we're looking at a lot of this.
I look very much at commentary on the ESA has nothing to do with read pop.
I'm sure read pop tried everything they could, but it was too far gone at that point.
They came in the picture too late, essentially the ESA has refused to evolve for the longest
time.
There are histories upon histories of examples of this going on.
This is even nitpicking on little things like remember how, how was, how was our weight
as an effective podcast gathered using Alexa rankings, which might've been a relevant internet
metric in the year 1999.
And that was something that they were continuing to use in 2010.
Now for those that think I'm being petty, how about, well, I can get real petty.
How about the fact that the ESA could not evolve their own security, which caused people's
personal information to be leaked time and time again with the show.
ESA did not evolve when they needed to evolve.
Therefore they are dead.
That is the simple, succinct short answer to this whole situation that Jeff very plainly
spelled out in that tweet, because again, Jeff is looking at this at a different angle.
And again, I'm really, I'm really not trying to suck up to this guy, but it's just one
of those things when it's right, it's right.
And he's doing a lot of things right.
As I said before on this show, before this was announced, the industry is giving Jeff
the credit that they won't give the ESA because Jeff is showing how he's bringing consumers
into this with what he's done with his video game award show and the other, you know, the
other things that he's done.
And he's going to get the industry to make announcements at summer game fest, the way
the ESA couldn't do.
And that's, that's just matter of fact.
And so Jeff is now saying, okay, what is this event I'm going to make?
And Jeff is looking at a consumer event and deciding not to go with the whole trade element
and all of that stuff.
We have GDC for that.
We have the other Tokyo game show and other places for this, and maybe something will
come along again soon, but it's not going to be E3.
And so now Jeff has this whole summer game fest thing that he's building.
And that's, that's what we're going to get now.
Although apparently the ESA did say, they said a really weird statement because they
wouldn't confirm the E3 is done, done, but they said something about, and I'm sorry if
I'm butchering the exact quote, but I don't have it in front of me, but something about
we look forward at bringing you E3 events in the future.
Like there would be branded E3 things, which is very clearly.
And I was just saying this, I'm so irritated that Bobby was on before us tonight and said
this exact, well I love Bobby, but I'm irritated.
He said this exact same thing is going to make it look like I stole it from him, but
I was ready to come in here and say, it's because they're going to, they're going to
inject E3 into PAX.
Reed Pop's going to take that E3 branding and they're going to inject it right into
PAX with the E3 show floor coming soon to Boston, coming soon to Seattle for the first
time E3, the show floor is now E3.
And quite honestly, I see it as a G4 tech TV type of situation.
Why the fuck are they PAX anymore?
I mean, not to be a bitch, but maybe a little bit.
Does anybody care about Penny Arcade, the comic anymore?
I don't think I have read the comic since we went to PAX.
Sorry.
And I'm sorry to the people out there that are going to feel I'm being absolute jerk
with that comment, but the reality by and wide is it is not part of the pop culture
internet lexicon now the way that it was, as Dark Soccer was saying in 2008 when we
went.
Who remembers Mega Tokyo?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I think next year E3 at PAX, 2025 E3, PAX turns into E3 and that's it.
And finally, the show you all thought was E3 is E3.
We had to go the long way to get there in the 15 year plan, but we finally got there.
It's funny because I made that comment when we went to PAX that one time I said, this
feels more like E3 than E3 did.
And yeah, it kind of is.
Yeah.
And that's it.
But the thing I will give Penny Arcade Expo, and I do realize this, you have a lot of board
game fanatics, LAN fanatics, there are elements of PAX that E3 did not address, that PAX did
very well, just being a place to go play games and be a nerd, right?
There are those elements that PAX did well that E3 did not do well that I think that's
the part they're going to have to consolidate a little bit because I don't think they want
to take away those elements.
But isn't it going to be weird when there's board games at E3?
I don't know if they would do E3 at PAX because, okay, so, you know, I would assume that ESA
owns the E3 branding.
So why would you split off the revenue that you're making from PAX as read pop unless
ESA owns read pop to give money to the ESA?
I think it's the reverse.
Read pop wants the E3 name to bring in more people to PAX.
And that didn't seem to help them now.
So I don't know.
Fair point from Jason in chat, PAX isn't the Penny Arcade Expo, it's PAX.
That is a good point, you know, speaking of the, you know, the relevancy.
So what the hell is the name anymore?
It's an archaic name.
It's only tied to that con.
I think if they start calling the con E3, it's going to inject new life into it.
But who knows, who knows?
Bobby says, I remember talking to somebody who went to E3 in 2010 after attending PAX
in 08 and 09, and they were shocked E3 ended at 4 p.m.
They were like, where's the 24 hour LAN?
Exactly, exactly.
It's not a party.
Yeah.
Stop being surprised, people.
But all of that has to do with why E3, you know, and I think you saw even the trade,
I think for years they've been retreating into game developers conference a little bit.
And even the parties, by the way, for game developers conference are all work centered.
Yeah.
I mean, I went to a couple with Renee and it was a really great experience.
I liked that type of thing far better than what E3 had been even when we went.
There were some things I liked about E3, but there were a lot of things I didn't.
Yeah, meeting people was always the best part.
It really was.
So.
All right.
We're going to move on with the show because we could talk about this topic for a very
long time.
I feel like this is the third time we've eulogized E3.
I am fairly confident, and not to get an ego, but maybe a little bit, I've gotten a lot
of things right this year.
And this is one I'm going to add to the list.
This is the last time we're eulogizing E3.
It's done.
I'm done.
I honestly, I don't think that anyone is surprised.
It's not really news.
We expected it.
Yep.
I do not want to utter the words E3 ever again.
You're going to, I was going to say you're going to have to, but you don't have to do
anything.
But ReadPop is going to push that back into the conversation once they have the naming
rights over that.
But it won't be the same thing.
I won't even call it that because it's not E3.
I have to admit though, there was a morbidly curious part of me, like if they actually
did have an E3 this year, part of me kind of wanted to go in the whole, like, this is
so bad.
I have to see it for myself kind of way.
Like you wanted to go see the Ouya parking lot event.
I wanted to go, I want to see, what are the big fucking NFT ideas?
Let's see it.
Let's just see all this shit for what it is.
Let's just...
He's like, it's our year to shine now.
I still, I still, I can't.
SSJ 100 Matt in our chat says, Jason Schreier, famous Twitter personality, I believe Bloomberg
is his outlet, says, was saying that the talk at GDC was everyone asking, you going to E3?
Meh.
Are you going?
Is it happening?
Meh.
As I said, there was, we were like two months out from June at this point, two months out
from June.
And we said like the sweet spot to get flights had passed and we didn't even know if there
was going to be an E3.
It was, it was already far gone.
We knew this was coming.
It was just a matter of when.
I actually thought it would be, I did not call the timeframe of the cancellation correctly.
I apologize to the internet for getting that one wrong.
I thought it would be next week, but maybe because the leaks or whatever, they bumped
it up.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about, let's talk about facts.
The games that we've been playing in our gaming weeks, the types of video games that have
brought joy for the most part into our weeks this week.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was, it was all right.
I played, I actually had a really, really good game of Beatlemania and we are trying
to work things out to where it will be ours.
So that was at my house for a lot longer.
I freaking love that table.
You know, it's just so much fun.
It's not my favorite.
That's World Cup Soccer and then Theater of Magic, but it's really fun.
I love it.
And then I've played of course, Marvel Midnight Suns.
I played on stream last night.
I have the controller that will apparently work for Star Ocean, but I was lazy and honestly
Midnight Suns fit my mood a lot better.
I wanted to finish the Morbius DLC and it was really good.
I am, I'm, they did a great job.
I just wish that some of these missions and DLCs came with more, you know.
Of course I played Dead by Daylight.
Oh yeah.
And Strelok was in last night and I got to experience the game in a completely different
way by giving descriptions of the scenery.
And I was pleased to do so, but I noticed so much more dopping and taking in the scenery
and then providing as accurate of a description of it as possible.
Really good exercise for me also in my endeavors as a writer.
Just real quick.
Sorry.
Loki, you have background noise coming through.
Just so you know.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Families in here.
No, all good.
Just mute.
Text messages.
At any rate, I did play Dead by Daylight.
I'm stuck at Eerie 3.
People are being ridiculous, but I've kind of gotten this attitude, and I must admit
I was really tired playing on Monday because it kind of affected my mood.
But overall I'm trying to adopt a more of a, you know what, it's a game.
These people, I don't know them.
I will reach out to them if I think that they were cool and say they did well.
But in the end, I'm fine with just going, not caring if I talk to the assholes or not.
I'll just report them and move on.
They're not worth it, you know?
And trying to offer some encouragement to people who are like, just crap the whole game.
They're targeting me.
No one's targeting you.
For the record, they don't know who the fuck you are.
Unless they actually follow you or something, and then they know who the fuck you are.
I also started putting TTV in my name, which I don't know how I feel about it right now,
but I made friends, so maybe it's good?
Question mark?
Anyway, I also have been playing my word game because I am addicted to it, and I started
playing Marvel Snap just out of boredom.
It's alright.
It's not great.
It's not the major, super fun thing that people have told me is it's just a fucking card game.
But it's entertaining, and yeah, it's entertaining.
And then it's not playing the game, but I listen.
I had the Hataful Boyfriend soundtrack on earlier today when I was just working on some
stuff at my desk.
It's immersing yourself in the game.
Well, the funny thing is I actually wasn't even playing it, not all the music is original.
And then I've also been prepping some stuff for my event on my birthday.
Nice.
Alright.
Yep.
I'm gonna be older.
That's how birthdays work.
Every day.
Unless you're Bobby Blackwolf, he's 29 every year somehow.
On your birthday, you are not a year older.
You're a minute older.
Yeah, it's how 40 isn't that much different from 39, to be honest.
You're older every day.
Right now, you are older than you have ever been.
You're older than you were when the show started.
Go get that Geritol, grandpas.
You're ready for it.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It's all Minecraft.
I start off finishing up my newest episode, so I put that out on my YouTube channel.
Oh, yeah, I saw that.
Yeah.
And then also went ahead and I've been playing actually recently.
So, you know, April Fools obviously was a thing.
So Minecraft put out their April Fools update, which is the vote update.
And so like you have with the normal game, they do these events where you vote on different
features that they add to the game.
Well, now you're voting on features in the game constantly.
And so the rules are changing constantly as you vote for things and it gets weird and
wacky.
There's 380 different modifiers in the game.
Like everything from like big head mode to to things that they should have added in the
game.
And they said they couldn't add in the game, but then they did add in the game in this
update.
And now they're probably not going to put in the proper game, which is like why you've
developed it.
You can do it.
You're just now being stubborn and not doing it.
So there's that.
So I spun up a server last night for the updates and I'm trying to get some people to play
with me to do like a one month long kind of like miniseries thing where we all the chaos
in there.
And it's pretty crazy right now.
So I'm looking forward to that.
And then working on my new modded episode.
So that's coming as well.
And still no word from Mo Yang about the contest.
They are everybody keeps asking him about it and is taking them an unreasonable long
amount of time to announce someone to evaluate.
They have they have started and ended new contests in the time that they still haven't
put out the results for that.
So your guess is as good as mine at this point.
We'll just have to wait and see.
But right now, I have no idea.
Oh, but I did want to mention a completely separate topic from games when saw Dungeons
and Dragons today.
It's fantastic.
Go see it.
Is it?
I've heard good things.
Yeah.
The scene.
Which scene?
The the the Easter egg.
Yes.
I saw the Easter egg.
It is a prominent a prominent part of the movie in at least it's in several parts.
But yeah, there's lots of Easter eggs.
I'm not really familiar with the Dungeons and Dragons lore, but obviously there's a
lot of like name drops for different things like they know in the view game space like
Baldur's Gate.
Was it a universe is it set in or is it like multi universe?
I don't know.
It.
Yeah.
It's something to do with the Red Wizards, but I guess that's all canon and stuff.
But yeah, it's really cool.
Really.
And there's a lot of funny moments in there.
It sounds it is a great movie.
I highly recommend you go see it.
You know, and I was reminded I totally forgot that this was this week.
The Mario movies out this week.
There's a lot of people.
I'm also seeing that this week.
Yeah.
We're going to be seeing that opening day.
So very excited.
I'm not.
I have two other movies that I want to see and then I'll decide if I want to see the
Mario movie when nobody else is seeing it.
Yeah, I don't have to deal with other humans.
Yeah, I don't want to deal with kids in the theater, but I might go to a late showing.
I just had to find a date.
Maybe Alan will take me, but I don't know.
This is the person who went to see the Pokemon movie with me back in the day.
That was a long time ago, but yes.
You want to know what movie I saw in the theater when it came out?
The Power Rangers movie.
Oh, yeah.
I got dragged to that too by you know who to the Power Rangers.
But I say drag, but it actually was a decent movie.
I thought when I was in Alabama, I was in college and I went with my friend Marcy to
see it.
I'm talking about the original.
I was talking about the Elizabeth Banks one.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, the real thing.
Got it.
All right.
Um, let's start with the skydiving and all that.
Yeah.
Let's talk about my gaming week.
So my gaming week, I have continued to play theater them.
I streamed a little bit of that earlier in the week because there was some new DLC for
Nier that came out this week.
So played through that been still I'm still working on trying to play every song once
I'm still not there.
I'm really close, but not there yet.
Actually I say really close, like 70 songs to go, but I'm going to play some more off
stream probably tonight and maybe the next time I stream that game, when the next DLC
comes out next week, I'll be, I'll be ready to finally get that trophy for playing every
song at least once.
And just knowing that I've played every song at least once been experimenting with some
different builds, like to item farm and do things like that.
So that's been, that's been fun.
Otherwise most of my gaming week, large chunk of it has been playing a little bit of an
oldie at this point.
It's a little bit of backlog catch up, but not that old, it's maybe about a year old.
Pokemon Legends Arceus.
I've been streaming hours and hours of that and been playing a little bit off stream as
well.
I've now surpassed the point I was at the first time, but I'm having a lot of fun with
it.
Just, you know, the whole stealthy, my, my mindset approach to it is very different as
opposed to feeling the need to complete the Pokedex.
Like as I go, I'm just kind of catching everything, crafting everything and just kind of taking
it as I want to do things and kind of taking that attitude with it.
And I feel like I'm making a lot better progress.
I'm actually, and apparently I just got to the third area, the coast lands.
The minimum you need to get to that area is three stars.
I was reading, I have four stars.
So even the approach I'm taking is still allowing me to be ahead of the curve, so to speak on
the game.
But I'm, I'm having fun.
I it's, it's a different approach to Pokemon, you know, doing like the stealth catching
and all that stuff, but I'm having a good time.
I got a shiny in the game randomly this week.
There's actually a clip from my channel, a yellow Shinx showed up randomly out of the
blue.
So I actually had a little bit of shiny luck.
Everybody who plays gets a shiny Ponyta because it's in one of the quests, but I actually
got a shiny Shinx as well.
So that was pretty exciting, even if I've seen those before, but that's all right.
I like Shinx because it's very different.
It's not just like it's blue, but darker.
It's a very obviously different color and I think that's fun.
So yeah, I'm loving Pokemon Legends Arceus.
Other than those two games, I've also been playing still a lot of Diablo three, whether
it's just, I've been playing the latest season.
I just got my gold portrait frame tonight.
It took me a little time cause I had to farm another six piece set for those that play
the game.
You know, you have to get these various landmarks and the, I'm playing a witch doctor this season
and the free set that they give you is the new set they put in the game later on.
So there is no set dungeon for it.
So you can't clear the set dungeon achievement unless you farm a new set.
It sounds really tedious and boring, but that's exactly what Diablo is supposed to be.
Click party, do the loop again.
You didn't get the loop you wanted again.
You didn't get the loop you wanted again.
That's Diablo.
But I watch, I lurk in people's Twitch channels, like I'll watch Dark Soccer, play Midnight
Suns for a little bit and then do it, do a rift and then like, okay, if somebody else
on Twitch, I want to watch for a little bit, I'll channel surf and do a rift here and lurk
and do that.
That's, that's my Diablo playing in a nutshell.
So that was my gaming week.
I imagine I'll still be playing a lot of Legends Arceus this week.
I do want to beat it.
So I'm going to try to do most of my play on stream, but I've been doing some things
off stream, like side quests and like grinding arts and crafts and things like that.
Things that I, I, you know, don't necessarily need to stream.
So all right, let's move on.
We have some more news to get into for this week.
And then we'll take your calls later on in the show over on our discord server, vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash discord.
For now, let's get to our first big story tonight from Loki.
Yeah.
So you know, Congress is really trying to get to the bottom of important topics right
now.
Not gun violence.
Now's not the time for that.
But now we're going to talk about how Japan is being unfair.
And it's just not fair that Japan and Sony you know, have like such a large market share
of the Japanese audience.
And it's just not fair to Microsoft.
So they have interjected themselves into this whole acquisition of Activision from Microsoft
by I think, sending a letter to Sony and I guess, I'm sorry to the US trade or they said
this letter to Sony in regards to the attention of the imbalanced in the video game market
and says which we are concerned may be a result of discriminatory trade practices that could
violate the spirit of the US Japan digital trade agreement that Sony has a 90% console
market share in Japan, and that makes exclusive arrangements to keep popular games from the
Xbox.
So kind of like a reverse Activision, I guess if you will.
I wish they would just focus themselves on more important things.
I mean, considering that they have literally no idea on how the internet works right now,
Grandpa, I'm sorry, just doesn't understand.
And I really wish that they would turn their sights to something more important than Microsoft
not being as popular as Sony in Japan.
I mean, it's not even the United States, like, who cares?
I don't know.
But they even start about how much revenue that or how much money the Japanese government
puts into Sony as a major, you know, part of the economy.
Well, I think the whole ordeal just goes to show that the US is not going to stop that
Microsoft Activision merger, basically, a Congress person who I believe gets a lot of
donations from Microsoft for the record, has basically gone on record saying, you know,
I feel as an indirect response to what's going on in the UK, basically saying, why is Sony
arguing all this shit when they've got all this going on in Japan?
That's how it read to me.
I don't think a Congress person needed to involve themselves in that.
That's the part that strikes me as kind of odd.
And it definitely just shows that, you know what, US ain't going to put up a fight on
this merger.
So the fact that it's cleared the UK, I would say at this point was the biggest hurdle.
I realize Congress is not the body that does this, but it's still showing a temperature
check of what Washington DC is thinking.
I don't see how this doesn't pass muster at this point in the US and this merger goes
through because if it doesn't, then Congress is going to be like WTF.
I mean, they're busy right now trying to ban TikTok anyways, so it's like, I don't
get me started on that either.
No, it's the whole thing is stupid.
Once again, you hear the line of questioning and like anything that when we talk about
like Facebook and the security leads with that and everything, and this, their lack
of understanding of how social media works and how the internet works or anything works,
really.
It's just like these people are making decisions based off of being stupid and then someone
tells them, well, this is how it works without knowing anything or just listening to them
blindly.
And it's like, okay, then they make sweeping decisions based on like these false narratives
and stuff that because they're just not informed because they're super old.
They're old.
The computer, the internet didn't exist when they were like our age.
They are super old and they need to leave.
But unfortunately they have to make decisions now about that stuff.
Oh God.
And when AI comes around, well, straight up on Star Trek, is this like, you know, like,
I don't know.
I can't think.
Is this like Tron?
Is this Tron?
Are we running into a Tron situation?
No, no, no.
For the generation in Congress.
Is this like 2001 A Space Odyssey?
That's 2001 A Space Odyssey, yeah.
Like here's, it's, yeah, it's awful.
Here's, here's, here's the thing.
I trust TikTok with my data more than I do Twitter at this point.
Now here, here I go.
Here come my soapbox.
Here it is.
But I'm just going to say the person in charge of Twitter that has no right to be there,
but had the bank account big enough to do it has shown a willingness to post in private
employee conversations to advance whatever his stupid agenda is over on that site.
At least I don't see the CEO of TikTok doing that.
So I, the whole thing is, the argument is invalid as far as I'm concerned when Twitter
is not being dragged through the mud, just to the same extent that TikTok is.
Well, that was the point, like when they met in Cong-, or had like the thing in Congress,
like that was the first point they brought up was like, you first off, like, you know,
they're saying the Chinese government doesn't have access to this stuff anyways.
They were like, but that aside, like, what about Facebook?
What about like Twitter?
Like what about all these companies that have the same issues and like Facebook has been
caught several times selling that information?
Like it's not just like, we assume that this is happening.
It's like, it's demonstrably happening.
I mean, they've been caught numerous times, like, like, why, why are you holding TikTok
to a different regard than everything else?
It's because you think it's a Chinese spy app, which I mean, yeah, they may have access
to it.
But like, what are they really going to do with like, oh, yeah.
It's information they could get other ways.
Like, yeah, I don't know.
It's just so stupid.
But like, I don't understand what the point is.
Uh, DJ Rama S in chat says, from an IT point of view, TikTok should not be on government
and corporate phones.
And that's it.
I agree.
I actually agree with that.
And Facebook shouldn't be there either.
And neither should Twitter.
None of them should be on government or corporate phones.
That I will agree with.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, but there's way too many companies out there, including the one where I work,
where they provide, I guess, links to corporate services through your personal phone.
And they can't tell people what to put on their personal phone.
Yeah.
So that's kind of a fine line if, if they don't want this to be on a phone that somebody
who is working in this facility is using, they need to give them their own business
phone.
Period.
That has data, right.
That has, uh, uh, management, uh, a management profile on it that would prevent from installing
social media applications, but companies aren't going to give everybody their own phone.
The government's not going to give everybody their own phone.
That's yeah.
Yeah.
And that's what they, they have like, at least I know for our company, they have something
similar, like if you're using your phone for work, um, which I like, I used to check stuff
through work, but like now that they've locked it down, like, no, I'm not going to go through
the whole process, but it's basically, you would have to set up a separate login, which
basically then locks everything down.
So it's like, there's a separation between your work data and your, you know, public
data, I guess there's like a wall there.
And when you're in your work data and all that stuff, then it's locking all of that
stuff down.
They're monitoring what you're doing, that type of stuff like that.
But it, you'd have to be in on that secure login in order to do that.
And I'm just like, that's too much trouble.
Plus I don't want people contacting me when I'm not working.
So I'm not doing that.
Yeah.
I don't use my work phone for anything but texts and emails.
The, I would say the most personal thing I've ever used my work for work phone for the occasional,
and I mean, occasional Apple news headline that pops up on my phone, cause it's an iPhone
that grabs my attention.
That's it.
No.
Um, I mean, I'll, I'll, I'll be perfectly honest.
Um, I don't let any, I will not put anything work-related on anything personal that I don't
blame you.
I don't blame you.
I must have that defining line or else like people who do do this stuff all the time.
No, that's unhealthy.
When you're at home, be at home.
Shit.
Um, real quick.
Uh, one more comment on this.
I want to get to the next story.
DJ Romas says the difference is that TikTok is originally a Chinese company and that's
the issue they're having.
Oh, absolutely.
But guess what?
And this is true of every, any Congress person as well.
All the phones in your pocket were made in China.
All of them.
It doesn't matter what brand.
I don't care if you're an iPhone.
They have some component at least that was made in China.
The device you're using to listen to this podcast, watch this show had a, it's part
of it was made in China, some part of it.
So this whole TikTok thing just screams out of touch, but anyway, but as far as government
phones go, fine.
Yes.
All social media should be banned on government phones.
Yes.
I would agree with that.
Anyway, moving on, let's talk about other unpopular changes that have nothing to do
with the government, but I, some people are wondering if this one ends up with the government
and let me tell you, that would be, I don't think it does.
That would be the day though.
Um, Pokemon go.
Yes.
It's still going.
Um, I know in 2016 that was, that was the year, the year before the simulation started
the summer of 2016 boy, those were the days.
Those days are long gone, but Pokemon go has still been going.
In fact, Pokemon go made several changes to the game in response to COVID lockdowns.
And now Niantic wants to undo some of those changes.
It's not popular with the community.
Go figure.
So this week that they announced that a remote raid passes and remote raids would be changing.
The price of the remote raid pass three pack would be increasing from 300.
That's about $3 to 525 pokey coins, about 500 or $525, $5 and 25 cents.
The price of a single remote raid pass will jump from 100 to 195, almost $2.
Trainers will be able to participate in a maximum of five remote raids per day.
And this maximum may change and increase for special events.
They are saying though, remote raid passes will be included in the pool of potential
rewards for research breakthroughs.
That's kind of nice.
Cause I don't buy those things anymore.
I'm going to come back to that in a minute.
But they are still subject to the limit of, you can only have three of them in inventory
at a time.
Anyway, long story short, people are pissed about this news.
So far as you know, I don't want to play the game outside due to a limitation I may have
or whatever it is.
I got used to these changes.
I'm pissed off about these changes.
From where I'm sitting, Niantic made a classic, classic blunder that blows my mind that they
are aloof enough to still do, because they've gone through this before.
Remember when they changed the range of a pokey stop from 80 meters back down to 40
meters?
And they ended up having to reverse course on that by the way, because the community
got pissed.
The same thing then that's happening now, you announced the bad news without announcing
any good news to go with it.
And I'm sorry, maybe you'll get a remote raid pass and your research pack is not good news.
And they linked in that announcement article to an article that talks about, we have exciting
changes coming for the game and we're going to have all these events that will get excited
to get people back in person.
What a bunch of fucking bullshit fluff, hot air up my butthole statement was that?
Literally nothing tangible.
Nothing.
Tell us how you really feel.
How I really feel?
I have never seen in my life, I have been covering video games for 21 years.
I have never seen such a load of hot air up our fucking asshole than Niantic putting
out that statement of, here's the good stuff that's going to offset the bad stuff.
What the fuck was that?
Do you not have a PR department?
I know Twitter doesn't have a PR department, but last I checked Niantic is not auto responding
to things with the poop emoji.
There are people actually thinking at Niantic, but when they put this release out, I don't
think anybody was thinking.
Did they have the week off?
What the fuck were you thinking?
I'm assuming emergency meetings were happening this weekend after the large way that this
went over in the community, like diarrhea at a library where the ventilation is broken.
That's about how well this news went over when they announced this, because there was
no good news to offset the bad news.
I just don't know why they need consultants to consult people who actually have a pulse.
There is a sick part of me that loves Niantic.
I still do.
And again, not to use the example I've been using for 20 years, but here I go, Tyra Banks,
we were rooting for you.
We were all rooting for you.
There is very much that coming into play with what I'm saying about Niantic right now, because
I've loved Niantic from before Pokemon Go, because I'm an old school Ingress player.
Yes, I'm one of those irritating people in the Pokemon Go community.
I was playing Ingress, Pokemon Go, hell, I really try to give all of the AR games a break,
but I'm going to be real honest.
Niantic, this decision and a lot of other things going on at Niantic feel really drunk
with power, and this is not a good look, because let me tell you, NBA All World sucks.
NBA All World sucks.
I don't know who the fuck thought it would be a very enticing game to go out into the
world to play a shoddy 1v1 game when standing at a basketball court.
I don't know who the fuck thought that was a good idea, but they were very wrong.
And if that's what the future of Niantic games looks like, they're in some deep fucking trouble.
And Niantic is going to get bought by another company if they continue to make stupid decisions
like this one.
Learn something from this, because I honestly feel like Niantic never does.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I honestly think Niantic was okay with rural and disabled people
not playing their game, as the people who are walking around and playing the game as
originally intended are the ones that give a data set of value.
I believe Niantic believes that if a disabled person can't play the game, that is not a
fault of Niantic, but a fault of the world for not being accessible.
I will say this, and I am willing to go on record saying this.
I would be very curious how many non differently-abled people out there are latching on to the disabled
conversation just to dunk on Niantic.
Because again, from my Ingress experience, one of the most hardcore players in this area
that is very good at Ingress where you have to go to different locations and throws very
good field, she uses a scooter 95% of the time.
That doesn't stop her from being a beast in Ingress.
Rob, I still don't think that that's going to be a very good example.
There are people who cannot afford a mobility scooter.
There are people who are on- I did not say I'm not aware of any of that.
I'm just saying, I think there's a lot of people who are latching on to this argument
for the wrong reasons.
I think it's about, I don't want to pay $2 as opposed to $1.
Anyway, let's see, VXJ6V in chat says, getting bought by another company isn't a punishment.
Not to some, but I just see that's the road Niantic's headed down.
Because NBA All-World, as far as I'm concerned, is a flop.
I'm not hearing about anybody playing it.
It's not in the press.
It's an absolute flop.
It should be everywhere when we're in the NBA finals right now and all that.
ParaDot comes out in a couple of months and I don't think anyone's going to care.
What?
Exactly.
What was it?
ParaDot, their original monster type of game is coming out.
I think Niantic at this point is also leaning in a lot to selling their tech to other companies.
That part is smart.
That part is smart and it will probably be ultimately what keeps Niantic afloat because
a lot of these game decisions are just not great for the company.
Anyway, let's see, SD100Matt says, Edwove Niantic said, I'm paraphrasing to some degree,
it's not about the taking the shortcut to reach the goal, it's about the journey to
reach that goal.
So it's about many of us rural players driving 30 minutes to go to raids to only maybe get
two to three people and not win.
If Niantic was going to do this, then that should have been coupled with, here is what
we're adding to the game so that when you go to a raid, you have the people to do it
or you can find the people to do the raid, which I guess they're leaning into campfire
to some of that, but campfire isn't even available worldwide still.
So there's a lot of that that just, it doesn't work.
So anyway, SD100Matt says, Niantic isn't getting any of my money anymore, not for their stale
community days, Go Fest and other stale events because they do not focus on innovating.
And Niantic has the ability to generate events.
If they wanted to generate events, they have a map on their website, community.day, that
shows all of the hotbeds around the world, all of the parks, and I would bet they could
run a script to see, do they have a location within 50 miles of anyone?
And there might be some places they would need to get additional coverage, but I would
bet the majority of America probably has one of these places within 50 miles of them.
If not, that's something Niantic can work on by looking at the hotbeds where people
are playing.
Why do they have to run a Pokemon day only in Vegas?
Why can't they run an event worldwide?
And if they want people to gather at a certain spot, an accessible place that anybody can
get around at, like the Capitol Park is one of the ones here, then you could do the event
there.
And that would encourage, give people incentive and a more reason to gather in person.
Don't take away a reason to play the game the way people have been playing.
That's what it boils down to at the end of the day.
And I think it's an ill-advised decision, obviously.
So anyway.
I'm still justifying deleting it off of my phone two years ago, so.
Oh yeah, and there's a lot of people that are doing it now.
But to those people, specifically the ones deleting it over this, I'm going to ask a
very tough question.
When Niantic releases Arceus or a new shiny or that new must-have Pokemon, when they release
that, are you going to be willing to keep that game off your phone?
Because that's the only way the message is going to be received.
So I hope you all stick to it.
Just forget it exists, and then it's great.
Every time someone brings up Niantic or Pokemon, like, oh yeah, that's still a thing, and then
I promptly forget about it again.
And I'm going to say this to the other side.
I do have good things to say about Niantic.
I wouldn't have some of the closest friends I have if it wasn't for Ingress.
I've met people through Ingress that I legitimately hang out with outside of the context of the
game because I just like them as people.
There's been a lot of good stuff there, and I understand.
I understand why Niantic wants to replicate that experience.
They're just going about it the wrong way.
That's what it is.
And as far as Pikmin goes, I credit Pikmin.
I do, in large part.
I credit myself, and I credit a lot of things that I did, but I credit Pikmin in large part
for being the incentive for why I lost 50 pounds when I needed to last year.
Pikmin was a huge incentive in that.
Honestly, I give the credit 100% to you and just that you found tools to make it happen.
Well thank you, yes, but I will say Pikmin was a tool for me.
It was a game to play, a goal line to keep going for that I kept being motivated to leave
the house and go for when, you know.
These are my motivations.
My Apple Watch and my Bullet Journal, because I like fitting in those goals that say that
I did what I set out to do.
The fitness watches are really good for that type of stuff, too.
They are.
But anyway, all right.
We could probably spend a three-hour show just talking about those changes, but we're
going to move on to some other headlines.
Let's move on to this next headline, Dark Sakura.
All right, well speaking of, you know, we're actually going to not even speak of Pokemon
anymore for a minute and go on to another fun little game called Vampire Survivors.
We love this game, right?
Yeah, I love Vampire Survivors.
But anyway, it actually beat out God of War Ragnarok for Best Game Award at the BAFTA
Awards.
And while God of War Ragnarok was the most nominated game, this one took the game of
the year.
I think it's awesome.
And it won not just Best Game, but Best Design as well.
Elden Ring and Tunic were also multi-award winners.
But I mean, the fact that this beat out, you know, Elden Ring and God of War Ragnarok and
all of these others, it's pretty amazing, I think.
Only the greatest minds know to put Vampire Survivors as their game of the year.
I saw them play that game.
I really need to.
You do.
You really do.
Yoshida Shuhei was also given a BAFTA fellowship.
Sorry, fellowship.
That's the Corsoni executive.
And it's the highest, you know, award or accolade that can be given by the Academy.
And others who have received it are Alfred Hitchcock, Charlie Chaplin, David Attenborough,
Steven Spielberg, Stanley Kubrick, and Martin Scorsese.
You know, other people who received it have been Miyamoto, who was actually the first
Asian citizen to get the award, Kojima, Molyneux, Bushnell, Newell, Carmack, lots of big names,
lots of people.
But the top British game to win the award this year was Rollerdrome, which I haven't
played, you know, lots of really good just voice acting credits, you know, different
people.
I think that it's fantastic who has been, what games and who has been honored in this
one.
So I'm quite pleased.
You know what the best evolving game has been?
Final Fantasy XIV.
I would figure that or No Man's Sky, honestly.
There we go.
Nice.
Well, thank you for the update from the Baftas and what's happening overseas.
Let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
So we've got word that the PlayStation VR2 headsets aren't selling as many units as they
probably would have liked.
So right now it's projected that they've sold less than 300,000 units in the first month
saying, and because of that, critics are saying that maybe they should have dropped the price
or added backwards compatibility.
I think it's also too hard to tell right now because overall, I think AR and VR headsets
are down.
It looks like about 40% over a six month period, which was ending in 2023.
So I don't know, give it time.
But yes, I do think it's expensive.
Also launch games, not a lot.
You know, their system seller that they wanted to like kind of put out there for Horizon.
Um, not as good as they would have liked it to have been.
Resident Evil 4 probably will help when that comes out.
You know, I think that's actually already out now, but that'll help.
But I think they need something that is a system seller because honestly, like for me,
like if I wanted to get into something like that to play just that wonderful on rails
coaster shooter game, I am not dropping over $1,000 to do that.
So it doesn't make any sense.
It's just such a barrier to entry to get into that.
So I think the cost needs to come down significantly to get new adopters in.
And then on top of that, you know, backwards compatibility, which is just not going to
happen, would at least incentivize people to purchase it that may have a PlayStation
VR one to, you know, bring over their library.
But since they can't do that, well, so I guess you just have to play on PC.
Grant and we've gone over this before that the changes in tech are what's making that
difficult.
I'll give Sony a certain amount of credit for that is that, you know, the tech changes
are what's and that's why games like No Man's Sky are re-releasing on VR too, because
they have to basically, you know, be updated for the new tech.
That part I get.
But it's exactly what you said when it comes to the launch titles just aren't there,
especially for a one thousand dollar entry.
If you don't have a PlayStation five already, there's not one game is not enough or it's
got to be a hell of a game.
You know, it's got to be like amazing.
It's got to be Wii Sports level moving systems.
It's got to be that level.
Like they don't have enough of that.
It looks good.
Like the Horizon game looks good.
Like it's a very nice looking game, but it doesn't play like a Horizon game.
It's not like a brand like that level of gameplay.
You're not like it's not a God of War or Last of Us or anything like that.
It's just it's it's it's a neat tech demo for what you can do.
It's basically a climbing game, which I mean, that's not what people want to play.
They want to play a full fledged game.
Like if it was like Grand Theft Auto five VR and it was the full game and I could play
it in VR.
Yeah, I mean, that could probably sell some systems.
I respectfully I kind of think Grand Theft Auto five is super old news at this point.
And I think maybe a new Grand Theft Auto game that is made for VR rather than to just shoe
horning an old game into VR, I think would be a better approach.
We'll just have to wait for the the the meta group to to port over San Andreas, because
remember, that was their announcement that they're bringing San Andreas over to that.
So you want to talk about old game shoehorn to the VR.
That's a pretty old game, the shoehorn into VR.
But I mean, yeah, like I understand that, like, you know, a new game for sure.
But Grand Theft Auto five, like we already have a, you know, first person mode in that
it wouldn't be too difficult, I would think, to be able to port in VR controls.
In fact, there are mods out there for PC that you can do that.
I just think something like that would be an easy win.
But yeah, until you get something that like people really need to buy and remember, you're
just you're trying to get people to buy something.
Not only to play PlayStation five, they don't own one already, but now you have to buy
another piece of kit that's just as expensive as a PlayStation five.
That's a lot to ask in a recession, since we're going to use it as excuse there.
It's just I don't know, it's a hard sell, especially also people are waiting for like,
you know, the meta quest three to see what that's all about and what the price point
is, because the price point is most definitely probably going to be less.
And it's just it's easier.
I only have to buy that and then I can buy software for it and then I'm good to go.
Like, so it's a hard sell.
Let me get some comments to chat over at twitch.tv social network.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, tech analysts will always say not enough sales drop the
price.
What they don't know is that even if Sony dropped the price, there isn't going to be
that demand unless you have that must have PSVR two game.
And Shane says, Shad Leland says, I think the PSVR two is great.
I know he has one.
I love mine for what I've played on it.
However, I've only used it three times since I got it.
Too many good games that keep coming out that push it farther down my list of things to
play.
Fixie said something that led to a brain spark on my end.
I want to get to this fixation gaze and chat says, I would love to see Pokemon in VR or
Legend of Zelda.
And Jamie, you're in chat too.
And I quite frankly, I was I was taken aback by this comment.
You said in a good way, you said Breath of the Wild would be the thing that would drag
me into VR.
Yeah, because I just want to walk around, you know, and I think, well, you know, the
VR stuff gives me like a pretty bad, bad headache.
Um, but I mean, I want an official Breath of the Wild in VR, not a fan project.
Yeah, in Labo.
But you're really a thing on Switch.
Okay, okay, okay.
So I want like a real VR experience, not Labo.
Okay, but here's here's the thing.
So we're all waiting for the Switch successor, right?
What if the Switch successor now I and I don't know how much I expect Nintendo to jump into
this, but I'm going to throw it out there.
What if the whole thing with the Switch successor is it's the Switch, but it's the Switch 3.
And the reason why they call it the Switch 3 and not the Switch 2 is that it's handheld,
TV, and VR.
Because do a thing with that screen, very similar to how Labo was all set up, but this
time the device is built for it.
And the third Switch, so you could, it switches three ways.
It's a three-way device.
I know it's, I, at the end of the day, I'm not sure I see Nintendo getting into this
market at all, but it's a very interesting sort of, that's something they could do to
the Switch to make it switchier.
It would be horrible is what it would be.
It would be absolutely horrible because one, you can't, you cannot put that much power
into a handheld device like that right now.
Two, the screen resolution that they're running on that is 720p, which I've played Labo VR.
It's awful.
It's not good looking.
It's cool.
It's a cool concept.
It just does not work.
Loki, that's all you need because the Switch wasn't designed to do this, but even the
fact that you said it's cool, it just wasn't designed to do it, could be fixed.
Go back though, at that low of a resolution, especially for folks like me that are prone
to migraines, it would be a nightmare, an absolute nightmare.
You have to have quality if you're going to do a VR unit.
And something that technology six years later could hopefully improve on.
If they would maybe like 30 years, they might get on board with that.
They're going to get on board with that when the train's already left.
Like there is no way that they're going to do this anytime soon because they're making
hand over fist money with what they've got right now.
They're not going to like pivot until they need to pivot.
This is why I'm not really willing to put this on the record as an official.
I believe as somebody in chat said earlier, Rob Stradamus prediction.
I'm not putting it there.
I'm just saying, ooh, I never thought of that before today, but that's a way that the switch
could get switchier.
And that's exactly the line.
Put it on the back of the box.
The switch gets switchier.
Now, like the new generation, this device participates in three ways way more often.
Well, the only way that this would take off, like you'd have to have, okay, Apple releasing
their VR headset, which are already rumors.
That's going to be several thousand dollars, but people will pay the Apple tax.
I know that absolutely.
So you get the wide adoption of VR with that.
Then maybe they may switch to that as far as the thing.
But right now, I think the direction they would go with that is consoles are getting
more powerful.
People have seen what the steam deck can do.
They're just going to put out a more powerful handheld and that'll be that.
And it'll be the same stuff over and over and over again until
there's a mass adoption where Microsoft and Sony are all releasing VR centric head systems.
They're not going to pivot to that.
I mean, I would like to think that they're trendsetters, but I think that ship has sailed
as well.
They were trendsetters when the Wii came out, and now they've been just kind of refining
that Wii process.
And now it's just kind of a novel thing.
Like how many games do people really actively take part in using the motion controls for
the Switch Sports is about it.
And that's because people like the nostalgia of going back to that.
I know my kids like playing or at least one of them likes playing the Switch Sports stuff
just because it's just fun and novel.
But like any other games, no, they're not using the motion controls because it's a handheld
system they're using as a handheld.
So if they're downplaying the features that they're building into this thing for one
already.
And also they're touting it as like a family system, a co-op same screen type of system
thing.
And I just don't see them doing that.
Yeah, they experimented with the little mini system where you can't take the Joy-Cons
off anymore.
But I just can't shake the whole.
You're right that the VR landscape might be changing pretty soon when certain players
get in the market.
But I just can't shake that feeling of that.
It does this, this and this without extra wires or any of that.
I just that's very, it's a very appealing marketing gimmick.
Oh, go ahead.
I was just going back to thinking about Labo because that being Nintendo's attempt at VR.
They could have done so much more with it, but it didn't get the support.
And I'm also thinking in terms of just that, you know, there are some technologies that
the general public isn't going to be ready for.
And I think VR right now is just is one of those.
The problem with Labo is it was, it's fun to build all the things for it, but it's so
gimmicky.
And then you're left with a bunch of like stuff like, what am I going to do with all
this?
I threw mine away.
Meaning the Labo VR, sorry.
No, I threw mine away.
I threw my Labo VR away because it was a ton.
It was a ton of cardboard that like it took up a ton of space and there was no place to
store it.
They have like a little flimsy like stand you can make to like stack some of the stuff,
but like it took up so much space.
And each one of those devices is used for one game within this.
It is it is like third party.
We accessory like nightmare stuff that they had.
And it's a it's a neat concept to get people playing games and stuff like that.
But it's, they then pivoted that into, uh, was it a game builder garage, which nobody
talks about anymore.
It probably does anything with like, cause that's once again, that's something that's
not been a focus.
It was a neat idea, but they didn't support it and too much beyond like just what they
had out for it.
And they did like this weird thing with, uh, Mario Odyssey with Labo VR.
And it was awful.
It was awful to like, look at it cause the screen was so blurry.
And I tried the one thing on yours and it made me pretty sick.
You know, I mean, one would have expected that Nintendo would have been better.
I really feel like this Labo thing is getting taken too literally as what the VR that Nintendo
could produce could be.
I see Labo as a proof of concept and nothing more.
And that's it.
Concept.
That's it.
Not actual execution.
But anyway, it's, um, I just keep an eye on time.
We're very passionate tonight on all these topics.
Let's try to move through these next few stories.
We're going to get to the classic game of, or excuse me, actually tonight we have an
on-game game of, or no, a non-video game tonight.
It's a non-video game game.
Non-video game game.
We're going to get to that in a little bit, but first we have a few more stories including,
oh yes, April Fool's day was yesterday.
We talked about that a little bit at the top of the show, how I think most of us are kind
of over April Fool's day, but occasionally there are still some hah sorts that elicit
that singular hah that come out of these sorts of things.
And I would say this was it from Sega.
Sega for April, Sega for April Fool's day released a game called the murder of Sonic
the Hedgehog.
It was a free adventure game for PCs.
It's actually still available on Steam.
Yeah, on Steam.
Great.
It's Amy Rose's murder mystery birthday party and Sonic dies.
And so now you have to find out what happened.
So I guess you could say it's a visual novel.
So I don't know if it's like a Danganronpa type of thing or maybe a little simpler than
that, but you interrogate the guests and so forth and try to figure out what's going
on.
Sega has the direction of Danganronpa though.
Probably not to that extreme, but I got the game.
But anyway, yeah, those, those types of things.
That's when April Fool's day is funny and actually cute.
So I thought that was cool.
Um, you know, that's how hot to full boyfriend started.
Yeah.
Right.
Well online April Fool's joke and to bring things full circle.
Pokemon go started as the Google maps April Fool's joke about three years prior.
So sometimes pretty legit things come from April Fool's day.
There was some other silly, silly stuff like the Blizzard Diablo.
Twitter was announcing all this nonsense.
Although I don't know, it was, they were doing things like the butcher will manifest in real
life and come strangle or come slaughter you.
That was the word slaughter you.
And I just replied, I put slaughter me daddy because they had a picture of the butcher.
I agree with, with Gwen Pudding.
Um, we must find the pudding.
Also they see sometimes the fans do somewhat amusing things on Reddit, the world of Warcraft
or wow Reddit and the final fantasy 14 Reddit literally swapped skins for the day.
So when you went to the wow Reddit, it said final fantasy 14 and Walker, all the topics
and posts were still there, but it was also the mods behind the scenes.
Both agree.
I love that.
So world of Warcraft fans and Final Fantasy 14 fans coming together to achieve total internet
fuckery.
You love to see it.
I like the IGNs where they had like a video talking about those features being added by
Nintendo.
They did like a mock Nintendo direct where they're adding voice lines from the Mario
movie into like Mario games.
No, I hated that.
Silly.
Hated it.
All right, moving on Dark Sakura.
All right, well multiverses, um, their open beta is going to be closing on June 25th.
The full launch is ready for early 2024 with some new features and new modes, but that
free to play one is going away.
Um, I, uh, according to their FAQ, um, again, June 25th, um, and they haven't yet provided
the time, but they will closer they get to it.
Um, and then they said that it's closing because they've got lots of feedback and they
have some work to do along with the net code and matchmaking and working on the progression
systems.
So they are again targeting early 2024 and it will be removed from digital storefronts
and unavailable for download beginning on April 4th.
So Tuesday.
Yeah.
If you're going to get it, now's the time.
But yeah, I'm surprised that that was in beta.
Like I thought that came out.
I thought they were selling DLC for that and everything.
I think it's a convenient.
There's more.
Okay.
The season two battle pass, which is supposed to end on March 31st will be extended through
June 25th.
Um, and so the daily missions will keep going and the battle pass points and all of that
until the game is taken offline.
There will be no more, the weekly seasonal milestones.
So there you go.
So season two in an open beta, but one good thing is that for any content that you've
earned or purchased in game will carry over to the full version of the game.
I have a feeling a lot of this is because there's less and less people playing multiverses.
And so they're gonna, they're Final Fantasy 14 it, they're going to take it down to fix
it all up and get to relaunch it again and get all the press release and stuff and get
another go at fixing some of the problems people have with it first time.
I think that's exactly what this is.
So I know.
Yep.
But it's their decision.
Yeah.
All right.
Moving on Loki.
So Australia, um, their government wants to give 18 plus ratings to any game with simulated
gambling in it.
And that could be anything that includes like actual gambling to loot boxes.
So anything that actually has like a loot box or some sort of like random element to,
you know, unlocking things that you pay for would be considered an M rated game.
Would a stock market simulation be considered an M rated game then?
I mean, it is, it is gambling.
It seems like, so yeah, I would think that that does, um, you know, this
Bobby Black Wolf with an excellent point with super Mario brothers three toad house, would
that be considered a M rated cause it's gambling.
I think it's because you're actually, they're talking about stuff that you pay for like
with money in the game.
So like if, if for example, in super Mario brothers three toad house, if they did the
re-release of that game where I could buy toad coins with real money and then buy stuff
randomly toad house, then yes, that would be a mature rated game.
I don't like that.
Yeah.
So if, if, um, you know, they're talking about like, you know, so like, for example, like
Roblox or something like that, if you like pay Roblox to unlock a loot box, it's got
random stuff in it, then that would be an M rated game.
Um, so, and that of course affects, you know, EA's, FIFA and Madden and all that stuff
too.
So good.
See, as far as like the, the loot box argument goes, it seems a little late to the party,
but I mean, I still feel like there's a lot that needs to be kind of quantified in there
about what does gambling really mean?
But I think if you're talking about the real money currency, then, then it makes a lot
more sense.
As long as they're kind of saying real money to this, I, it makes a lot more sense.
But now here's the thing though, is M rating in Australia doesn't necessarily mean over
18.
It means, you know, 15 plus.
So, you know, it's recommended for people over 15.
So imagine like a teen rated game.
It won't legally keep games out of the kids' hands, but, uh, they said that the, oh, the
stricter MA 15 plus legally restricts the product of over age of 15.
So it's not that it's going to prevent kids from buying it.
It's just going to be like rated higher, which parents don't read that anyway.
So, you know, kids will still have them, but it's a start, I guess.
All right.
Well, moving on to the end of Steam on some platforms, but it's not what you think.
Steam is going to stop supporting Windows 7 and Windows 8.
Next year in 2024, uh, from the 1st of January, 2024, Steam will no longer work on Windows
7, 8, and nope, not even 8.1, uh, in an update that, um, I'm assuming that is already sunsetted
with XP, uh, to be quick.
No, I want Steam on Windows 3.11 for networking.
Which honestly, honestly, pour one out for the old show computer we used to use up until
the Twitch with the Twitch transition in 20 at the end of 2018, right?
December, 2018 was the Twitch transition.
We moved to a Mac mini to do video, but up until then 2018, I was running the show on
a Windows XP computer and I got shit for it all the time, but I was like, Hey, if it ain't
broke, I ain't fixing it.
End of story.
Finally, all these years later, now it's being broadcast for Windows 11.
So I'll be fine from the Steam front and all that stuff.
But anyway, uh, there are still people out there running Windows 7 and 8.
They have not yet taken the leap to even 10, uh, or 11.
But, uh, that's their problem and not everybody else's.
Yeah.
But you know, if you-
Security concern, considering that they've stopped supporting it.
Or maybe you want to consider a dual boot for like Linux or something that Steam is
supporting it on.
I don't know.
But the point is, it ain't going to work for you as of January 1st.
So if you want to continue to run Steam, including any game or product through the platform,
that could be a yikes for some people too.
You're going to need to update Windows.
And for the five people who will be all up in arms about it, the company is not responsible
for you being on obsolete tech.
Mm-hmm, bonds 006 says Windows XP.
Dan, you are a legend for that, Rob.
Oh, thank you.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Thank you.
Uh, DJ Rob S says, of course, unless I'm a legend in a wanted poster somewhere.
Uh, DJ Rob S says support has ended.
Only select companies are paying for extended Windows 7 support.
And Valve clearly isn't one of them.
All right.
I just think it was funny that the one time Dan thought he was going to do me a good deed
and upgrade the OS on my old PC.
Windows ME broke it.
All right.
We are going to take a trip down memory lane for our next segment.
Let's get to it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
But as we know, in this twist, Dark Sakura picks a non-video game once a month each month
in 20- each month of the year in 2023.
What did you pick tonight?
I picked the Bop-It.
Bop-It.
The most annoying toy in the world.
Pull it.
Oh, my mother's had one.
I hated that thing.
Anyway, Bop-It is an audio gaming toy, sort of- I'd say not unlike the Simon that I did
last month.
And it would give you a series of audio commands that, you know, had a little voice recorded
through a speaker and you would have to do those commands when it says that with it getting
increasingly more difficult.
Which I randomly one night got really bored and found someone get the world Bop-It record
on YouTube.
I'm like, whatever.
Like speed running Bop-It.
But anyway, it was a really popular thing, I think.
I mean, like I said, my brothers had it.
And it had- there's a statement on here about people were actually using it to engage in
social behavior and that there were various different versions that were released and
even a diagnostic mode that would tell you like what version of the little system it
was.
So at any rate, it sold a bunch and there were just so many things out.
But we'll go ahead and start with the very beginning.
So 1986, the instructions were copyrighted and then the game was the first of what was
going to become a series of Bop-It games with, you know, the basic patent.
The original game was called Bop-It.
It had three inputs, a pressable button in the center, a twist-it lever, and a pull-it
lever.
In three game modes, there was solo bop, vox bop, and beat bop.
So you would have those different means of playing and it would give you the command
and you had to do the command in the right amount of time.
So, you know, you had your little twist-it crank and it made a little noise and
at any rate, your score comes out with a maximum value up to 100.
There's a different model in 2000 that could score up to 200.
And each pull-it whistle, like at its end sequence, would denote 100 points and each
ratchet denotes 10.
And then a drumbeat would do one point.
So if you reach 200 points, the game will play a victory song.
And then they repeated this in later models and the Zingit spin-off.
But the cipher values were used for all of the subsequent Bop-It ciphers.
The original one used three AA batteries.
Following that was the Bop-It Extreme, which looks like a really bizarre steering wheel.
It came out in 1998, where the patent was filed with other patents as pending.
It had the additional commands of flick-it with a green zigzag lever and spin-it, which
was a wheel at the end, a red wheel, and it had four game modes.
So it added in beat bop, it had vox bop, beat bop, vox bop solo, and beat bop solo,
I can't say those words, with a maximum score increase of 250.
And it had like different victory songs that you would get.
And it also ran on three AA batteries.
And as of 2003, this was actually one of the most popular games on the market.
Then out came a Bop-It Extreme 2, which basically had like some clear elements, but all the
same shit.
And it was awarded the Electronic Game of the Year in 2005 in the UK.
It also required three AA batteries.
Some of the inputs were altered, it had volume controls, and it had the scoring just put
everything out in words.
And there was a German-speaking version that had the name Simon Challenge.
Bratz Bop-It came out, and guess what?
Hell yeah.
It used three AAA batteries.
So then it was more of a layout, like the three input one had the same scoring system,
all the rest of the same stuff.
It was just a repackage.
Bop-It Blast was developed by Tiger Electronics, and it had the same three input with more
patents pending.
It had an optional female voice.
You could use both voices.
Had victory songs.
It used three AA batteries.
And this high score on it was 500 points.
Then Bop-It Download, which had three game modes, solo, pass it, and one-on-one with
15 levels of difficulty with a max score of 1,000.
And to let you download a program to download new content, it was discontinued when Hasbro
discontinued the item, the download service.
And the level up sound was taken from this Bop-It to be used in later Bop-It models.
So the current versions on the market right now, we have Bop-It exclamation point.
It has options to shout it, which makes you shout into a microphone.
And then three difficulty levels.
The highest difficulty does voice sound and color commands.
So, and that was the one I watched someone get, by the way.
That was pretty, pretty intense.
They also added a party mode where you could use body parts like foot, hip, and arm.
Use three AAA batteries.
And when you turn it off, it says, I'm going to sleep.
And then it had Bop-It bounce, which I don't get this one.
It has a ball and a handheld trampoline, I guess that you could bounce it on.
That one's weird.
But there was the Bop-It XT, which was the fourth edition of the Bop-It extreme.
And it had a new command called shake it.
The spin is now an orange is a Bop-It smash, which had a color changing lights in the zone.
And you would smash the two Bop-It buttons together when the light was either green or blue.
And it had many other things.
There's Bop-It Tetris, which I had no idea.
Bop-It Tetris.
I'm not, I can't even.
Bop-It Beats, where you have these modes called classic, classic party, DJ, DJ party,
and remix with three difficulty levels, rookie, expert, and lights only.
You could Bop-It, spin it, scratch it, reverse it, repeat, and flip it.
You can put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
No, sorry.
And then there was the Bop-It micro series that were teeny tiny little Bop-Its.
And the other ones that they had different branded ones too.
There was Bop-It R2-D2, BB-8, Groot, and Minion.
Because Minions are on fucking everything.
There was also an Olaf and a Chewbacca.
And then there's one for the child, AKA Grogu.
The only two names that are acceptable for the creature.
And there's a Spider-Man one and all kinds of other ones.
And there's even one shaped like Darth Vader.
But the Darth Vader one had Emperor Palpatine saying the commands.
And I don't get that either.
So there were Bop-It New Moves, AKA Bop-It Refresh.
Bop-It Maker, where I guess you could design your own Bop-It stuff.
It's got different things in there.
I'm not reading everyone.
I'm just listing all the names of them now.
There was the original re-release, the classic re-release, the all kinds of modes.
I mean, my goodness, this game mutates.
It is not called that.
It is Grogu or the child.
We have never seen Yoda as an infant.
The end.
The random video I came across on YouTube and the recommends for the ones you sent
had this guy that's got like 40 different Bop-Its.
I was like, there's that many that exist?
My goodness.
What about the one where finally it's become it's the AI has taken over and now the device bops you?
I saw one that was done at this weird.
So like I used to take my kids to this event that they had back when they're really little,
like they were like babies that basically had a bunch of like cars, like fire trucks
and stuff like that.
But they also had these vehicles that someone made for Burning Man.
And they had a Bop-It with flamethrowers in this big metal cage.
They get to play it.
That's the same people that made the DDR machine that shot fire at you when you got a stamp.
Yeah, probably.
Yeah.
But obviously it didn't shoot fire at you.
There are the sister products.
Oh, boy.
Zingit, which is a yo-yo audio game.
There's Toppit, which is a Kendama style.
You know, the cup ball thing that you do in the cup?
That one exists.
There's one called Torx, which has two twistable circles and two bendable arms that can be
bent in 90 degree angles.
And it sounds too complicated.
And then Groove-It, where very much like the Bop-It games, it uses a photo detection to
determine where your hand position is.
And it uses voice commands.
But now you have the scratch, the slide, the zoom, and it's more tolerant of errors because
of hand things.
And then it's got, like, some of the other ones, as you progress through the game, it's
got...
Fixie.
Okay, I get it.
You didn't see my reaction over here when you were talking about Toppit.
I did.
I did.
Well, I didn't see your reaction because I was reading the thing, but yeah.
Not that.
You know, and then the sequel, Bottom-It.
They haven't yet come out with Verse-It yet because people are convinced it doesn't exist.
It's 2023.
It's perfectly acceptable to cite it.
At any rate, Groove-It also adds other commands like the chop, the zip, the flow, the car
wash, the rock and roll, the kung fu, the swirl, and the hip hop.
And that is it.
Oh, is that all?
Groove is bottom-it.
I've learned more about a Bop-It than I ever thought I would in my entire life.
But no, it's fascinating just how many of those fucking things there have been over
the years.
That's for sure.
And my favorite, though, way to do Bop-It is just to smack people in the head with it
when they bother me and say, no, I was just following the game.
Like I said, Bop-You.
Bop-It is my Bop-It.
Get out my cane and my Geritol.
We called it dodgeball.
If you didn't dodge, you got bopped.
I remember Lorena Bop-It.
That was a heck of a trial.
Oh, my God.
And that poor woman.
Also, what else was I going to say?
I had another joke I was sitting on.
Oh, well, forget it.
I don't think her situation was funny, though.
She was an abused woman.
Damn, I had another dad joke and it left.
Oh, well.
Let's see.
All right, there it is.
Bop-It, your classic not video game game of electronic not video game.
That's what I'm going to call it.
All right, of the month.
I'll change the name next month, which, you know, funny enough, a lot of these things
we've been talking about, you know, Simon last month, Bop-It this month, y'all have
played them at some point.
Jenga was one.
Y'all have played these things.
So you can't say they don't like, you know, have some things in common with video games,
especially, you know, in regards to the fandom and stuff.
But yeah, anyway, wait till you find out what next month is.
Oh, boy.
All right.
Are there two?
Actually, that's the part I have been finding fascinating is like the 200 different versions
of Simon and the 200 different versions of Bop-It.
It's like, okay, I legit did not know.
That's I still don't understand Super Simon, but maybe one day I will.
Well, we never got it over here.
I happened to play somebody who lived overseas.
I played bears.
All right, moving on.
Let's travel around and check out some quick news in rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yes.
So there's been an old Atari game prototype that's been discovered.
So Sonar, which is almost I guess it sort of plays like Battleship.
So that's pretty cool.
So Atari Protos, they says Sonar apparently is missing some features because it's incomplete.
And so some of the hiccups include flickering, which you using the Sonar scan and also has
one pre-programmed map.
But that's pretty cool.
Something that could have been.
And the ROM itself has been posted to Atari Age if you're interested in checking it out.
Of course, if you have checked out Marvel's Avengers or were planning on doing it,
you got news for you that they're canceling that.
But in the meantime, if you have checked out Marvel Avengers, you can actually get the
unlocks for the game for free.
They've unlocked pretty much everything for the game for free because, yes, it is being
taken offline, but that's pretty cool.
So the marketplace has been mostly unlocked thanks to the update.
2.8 unlocks nearly all marketplace items for free.
And yeah, you can go check it out before it's taken down.
All right.
Dark Sakura.
Samba de Amigo.
Gosh, one of my favorite games, but Party Central is going to have some Sonic the Hedgehog
content, including Sonic also playing.
But for some of the songs, we have Escape from the City from Sonic Adventure 2 and Fistbump
from Sonic Forces.
And then there's a stage called City Escape as in the one from Sonic Adventure 2 with
Sonic as a playable character.
Although, why couldn't they have done like Speed Highway?
That would have been so much better.
If anyone who doesn't know what it is, City Escape is the one that's kind of like San
Francisco, like almost a crazy taxi-ish kind of level.
But yeah, it's going to be out for Switch this summer.
I don't see a date, but it'll be out.
All right.
Let's check out real quick some of the freebies coming to the extended platforms on PlayStation
and Xbox.
PlayStation Plus, the essentials.
So what free games are you getting with that?
Some interesting ones.
Meet Your Maker is going to be the free game for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
This one's interesting because it's going to be a day one release.
This is the new game from Behavior Entertainment, although I don't believe it's anything to
do with horror or anything like that.
It sounds more like a building fortress type of thing.
It kind of is scary.
Oh, interesting.
Okay.
So Meet Your Maker is you build different levels a la kind of Mario Maker, but there's
death traps all the way through them.
Oh, okay.
Interesting.
You have to get to the center, get something and get out.
And every time it keeps track of your deaths as you go through it.
It's not a bad game.
I was in the beta.
It wasn't my cup of tea, but it's a great game.
Well, and the good news about it being on PlayStation Plus is that people will be able
to grab it.
And, you know, for better or for worse, I haven't played this game.
I have no idea if it's good or not from my perspective, but I do know things like Rocket
League have launched day one on PlayStation and been very, very successful as a result.
So we'll see what happens.
Also, other games for PlayStation.
I'm very excited about this.
Sackboy, A Big Adventure.
That was one of the first titles on PlayStation 5, but it's also on PlayStation 4.
That is, it's not LittleBigPlanet, but it's LittleBigPlanet's mascot in a somewhat LittleBigPlanet
type of game.
That is the best cosplay.
Yes.
And it just doesn't have the build your own stuff, but it looks like it'll be fun.
And Tales of Iron is also going to be available.
That is an RPG that it'll be available as well.
That's all coming in April, starting April 4th.
So on Tuesday, which a reminder, if you want to get the March games, which includes Minecraft
Dungeons on PlayStation and some of the other releases, I forget what all was there.
I think one of the Call of Duty games was this month.
You can grab those before they're gone.
Over on the Microsoft side of the house, two new games announced for April.
I got to admit, these are more under the radar games.
I'm not familiar with these like the other side, but we do have Out of Space Couch Edition
will be available April 1st through April 30th.
And Peaky Blinders Mastermind will be available from April 16th to May 15th because Microsoft
does that interesting middle of the month switch that they do over there.
So neither of these games are high dollar games.
Out of Space is a $10 game.
Peaky Blinders is a $25 game.
So I will kind of point.
Space sounds like it'd be like a hoarders game.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
So, but again, I don't want to poop with these games just because they're lower studios.
I haven't, sometimes those are the best games to come out on these things.
So, but they're just, they're games I'm unaware of as of yet, but Xbox games with gold will
give me the chance to grab them for free and try them out.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out what games are coming out this week that you
can pay full price for.
Or maybe, maybe on sale.
We'll see.
Loki, how about the US?
We have Grim Grimoire Once More on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Meet Your Maker on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Road 96, Mile Zero on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and
Xbox Series.
Curse of the Sea Rats on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and
Xbox Series.
Dungeons of Aether on Nintendo Switch.
Everspace 2 on PC, Mac, and Linux, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Looks like Marfusha on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Paparazzi on Nintendo Switch, EA Sports PGA Tour on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
And then we'll also have, oh, that's it.
Actually, that is it.
All right.
Traveling over to Japan and checking out the releases over there, we will start with the
Nintendo Switch because we don't really do the Xbox releases in Japan for reasons that
we've talked about earlier in the show.
But we will mention some of the games that are releasing on the Switch on April the,
actually, I don't think we have any releases in Japan this week.
Wait, wait, wait.
It's not, is it, hold on.
Oh, it is April.
It might be, yeah, because we don't have any big releases in Japan.
Not even on the...
Actually, Golden Week is April 29th.
It is the end of the month.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There is...
But I knew Golden Week was around April.
April-ish, yeah.
Yeah.
For whatever reason, it's a non-week week in Japan.
There's really nothing releasing over there.
There's like an AC adapter.
You need a third party one of those.
Everyone do extra work so that you can take the week off for Golden Week week.
Yeah, I guess so.
Nope, no releases this week.
Okay.
We do have stuff on the 13th, though, but that's next week.
Well, in the UK, we have a handful of releases.
On April 4th on Switch, we have Hello Neighbor 2.
And on Switch also, we have the Hello Neighbor 2 Deluxe Edition.
On PlayStation and Xbox, we have Firefighting Sim The Squad.
On the 6th for PlayStation and Switch, we have Curse of the Sea Rats.
Also on the 6th for PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch, Blade Assault.
And on the 7th on PlayStation and Xbox, we have EA Sports PGA Tour.
Yawn.
I want them to have, though...
Okay, you know what will make golf games interesting to me?
Add Drunk Scotsman mode.
Play the Kirby golf game.
That would be my take.
Go back and listen to Robin Williams describing the creation of golf.
And then I want that to be the announcer in the game with lots
of Drunk Scotsman, and that would make it an interesting game.
I mean, we could do that now with AI.
New dream game.
I just realized I'm looking at the game playing behind Loki tonight,
because I saw the whole isometric.
I wasn't really paying attention to it until now.
I saw the whole isometric.
I was like, oh, is that Kirby's Dream Course?
Oh, no, it's a Sonic Endless Runner of some sort.
What is that?
No, it's the Sonic Has Been Murdered game.
Oh, and I haven't played it yet.
Okay.
Yeah.
And wasn't that, like, the isometric mode from 3D Blast?
Oh, I swear to kind of.
It was that arcade game that I covered for Classic Game, like,
an age ago that was really weird.
I looked at just the right time where I saw a minigame and not
the actual murder part.
Okay.
All right.
Please do not murder a Sonic.
Okay, thanks, bye.
Let's do a few more stories, and then we will invite your phone
calls over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But first, we have a few more stories.
This one is fascinating to me.
Loki?
Yes, apparently the makers of Dolphin have announced that
the GameCube and Wii emulator is coming to Steam early access
later this year.
So the emulator obviously will be in there, but, you know,
the ROMs will not.
He said our great experiment, Dolphin is coming to Steam.
We're pleased to finally tell the world of our experiment.
This has been a product of many months of work, and we look
forward to getting it into users' hands soon.
It says while Dolphin's Steam page is already live, the
emulator will be officially available through Valve's
storefront until sometime in the next few months.
It says the Dolphin emulator does not come with games.
We do not condone piracy of any shape or form, and this
software is built to run legally acquired games.
I wonder how quickly it's going to be before Nintendo tries
to take this down.
Although I don't know if they really, I mean, maybe they
can, as long as it's no part of their actual, like, no system
bias or anything like that.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm seriously curious about the legality of this.
I also find this news was very oddly timed because this
news came out literally a day after the 3DS and Wii U shops
went down.
And I know that this is about GameCube and Wii games, but
there's a part of me that wonders, maybe the Wii U shop
going down rendering Wii games unbuyable, if there's something
going on with that.
Technically, you can play like the WiiWare stuff, or I don't
know what they call it.
I think it's the WiiWare through those emulators.
So yeah, it'll be interesting.
I mean, and to be fair, that's the only way you're going to
be able to do things like Final Fantasy IV, the after years,
the non-graphically enhanced versions.
Some of those were that actually look like the old games.
That was all on the WiiWare.
So interesting.
Interesting, interesting.
Okay, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, something that we touched about was about Silent Hill 2
remake being effectively done.
And there was some clarification released on that.
Bloober Team did address what was considered an accurate
translation.
They say it is not true that we announced Silent Hill 2 is
ready for release.
I am reading this from a quote.
Regardless of the development stage, all of our activities
are focused on obtaining the highest quality for the finished
product.
The quality of fans of Silent Hill 2
deserve.
The statement refers to sales forecasts, which were referenced
in the article.
And the studio's previous games reached a sales ceiling of
2 million copies, but they were aiming for 10 million.
So right now, then they were basically more talking about
forecast and not about the actual game being done.
So, but their end quote on this is saying that we are aware
that players are waiting for more information about Silent
Hill 2.
As soon as such information becomes available, we are sure
that Konami, the publisher of the game, will share it with
fans.
So that's it.
And honestly, with the whole, like, summer fest stuff seems
like a good time to give more information about that type
of stuff.
You know, just it's only a couple months away.
Hang on, people.
Hang on.
Keep your pants on.
Actually, don't.
Take them off.
We will see.
All right.
Pants off, pants off.
Who's saying I'm wearing them now?
All right.
Moving on.
Loki.
It's not so great news.
All too familiar news this year.
As we know, it's the end of the financial year.
So what's that mean when we're a successful company like
Electronic Arts?
Yes, layoffs.
That's right.
Because, you know, that's what they do.
So they generate approximately $7 billion in that revenue
last year, and now they've laid off 6% of its global
workforce, 7 to 800 people.
And while they drive greater focus across our portfolios,
they're moving away from projects that do not contribute
to their strategy, reviewing our real estate footprint
and restructuring some of our teams.
So yeah, cool.
But not really.
Not cool, but yeah, it's just not surprised.
Yeah.
And EA had a pretty good year, didn't they?
Yeah.
Seven.
I mean, I would think, you know, if you made $7 billion.
Look, I get the whole and we've gone down this road before
and about how layoffs are supposed to be about what's
coming and not what's already happened, but it's still not
a good look.
Like, and this all falls back to a theme we've talked about
many times on the show, and that is perception.
That's the truth, especially in the gaming industry for
a lot of people.
And when you have a great year and then you lay off 800
people at the end of that year, it's perceived a certain
way, whether it's true or not.
And it doesn't read great.
Yeah.
Perception versus intention.
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It should just be the law or something that if a company
loses the money, it comes out of the upper management pay.
Or that a certain percentage of cuts come from upper management
as well, but that'll never happen.
Sadly, Prince Peach Fuzz says layoffs or cut management
bonuses. Exactly.
That part.
Exactly.
Fixation Gay says, especially since they are making Sims
five, this sucks.
Yeah, there's still a lot of things EA still working on
that we expect will do fine.
Well, and on top of that, I mean, how much revenue are
they pulling from the 50,000 Sims 4?
Literally, literally.
All right.
I mean, there's a reason why I practically lived on the
Sims resource so I could get cool stuff.
Mike Deft says it very succinctly in our chat.
Unionize.
Yes.
Unionize game industry.
A few of you already have.
Learn from your peers.
That tide is coming.
That tide is coming.
All right.
Well, a game that I wish EA wishes they made, but unfortunately
they didn't.
It was publisher Rogue Games and developer Dabado Games is
releasing.
Hey, look, you know we love our rhythm games here on Orange
Lawns Radio.
We are rooted in rhythm game history.
Dark Soccer, Loki, myself.
We all met playing Dance Dance Revolution.
We'd love to play Para Para, BeatMania 2DX.
Hell, we were even on the news about Guitar Hero one time.
We love music games.
On my house.
And that's why we have to close the show tonight before we
get to your calls.
Anyway, talking about Hello Kitty and Friends Happiness
Parade.
It's coming out on the Switch, and it'll be out April 13th
for $19.99.
But 15% discount if you get it in the first week, because
that's when they want to sell it.
By the way, not just on the Switch and the eShop, but if
you want.
I'm sorry, this actually already launched for iOS and Android,
and it was also a Netflix exclusive thing.
My phone is my webcam, and I can't get it right now.
Launched in November, but now it's the Switch version that's
coming out.
If you want to know more about it, get ready for a fun and
unexpected journey through the world of Sanrio in a music
rhythm game like nothing you've experienced before.
Join Hello Kitty and two friends on a delightful music tour
as they spread happiness to everyone.
Along the way, they'll discover new friends to join their
musical parades.
However, jealous of Hello Kitty's growing fan base, Kuromi
will stop at nothing to end the music, dispatching goons and
laying traps to stop the momentum.
It's up to you to dance, dance, dance to the beat, avoid
traps, use each character's unique abilities, collect coins
and upgrades, complete challenges, and bring joy to the
world around you.
With a robust soundtrack filled with over 40 amazing pop
hits.
I wonder what those hits are, but they're probably Japanese
hits.
They all sound like they're in Japanese.
You'll be dancing to the music long after you put the
controllers down.
So it actually looks, it's interesting because it looks
like it might be like a little bit of like a runner kind
of game.
But like, I'm trying to, let me try to show this on the other
screen here as I'm doing this live.
Watching the trailer and it's very derivative, but the layout
is what's unique, I think.
Yeah.
So I'm trying to feel like how this kind of plays.
It's kind of hard to tell from the screenshots, but it kind
of looks like you're going down a track sort of thing.
Oh, hold on.
All I know is that you can play Bad Batsumaru, and that's
the most important part.
And he's huge.
He is.
That's as he needs to be.
Here's the character select screen.
There it is.
Because I know you all want to know what characters are in
it.
So there you go.
That may not be all of them.
Oh, you actually, you're on the, I found this elsewhere,
but no, that's just the same link we had.
Nevermind.
Sorry.
Was there a trailer embedded?
There's a trailer on the page.
Oh, there sure is.
From another source.
And apparently I think it was the same one.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
So it kind of looks like you move around to the beat sort
of thing.
Okay.
Like an audio surf kind of thing or something like that.
Oh, you have to dance around the spike box.
Okay.
They show like this photo mode thing where I guess you get
like a special, it was on this one.
Yeah.
I thought pretty cool.
Okay.
So what's going on?
You have like a twisting path with people on either side of
it.
It has three segments on each path with coins on them.
And so I reckon that you have to be on the path to collect
the coins as it goes.
At different intervals, there is a, like a, I guess a checkpoint
line, like in a race.
And at that point, if you pass the photo shoot one, you get
like a special mode where it focuses in on your character
with lights and animations and whatnot.
So for people who are not watching.
Thank you.
Yes.
All right.
Comments in chat.
Mike Def says, so it's a runner rhythm game with Hello Kitty
and friends.
Sign me up.
Yeah.
Hey, 20 bucks or apparently Netflix.
It might be free on the phones.
So bonds 006 says I may just try that Hello Kitty game for
research.
Hey, look, all these years later, we still want to bring you
the latest and greatest in music gaming.
So there you go.
Hey, Rob.
What?
I just had a flash of memory.
Okay.
You and me in Burlingame at what was it called?
Network video.
Oh, Jesus.
Okay.
This would have been a long time ago.
And you bought a game that I found and passed on to you
called Kitty the cool.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know what I bought that day?
Vib ribbon.
Yeah.
I remember Vib ribbon.
Yep.
Oh, what a day.
Good times.
Yeah.
I just had a very vivid memory of it all of a sudden.
No.
All good.
I love it.
All right.
RIP network video.
We're going to get to some calls.
We invite your calls through our Discord server, vognetwork.com
slash discord.
You know what?
Even if you don't want to call, you just want to hang out
with us throughout the week.
We get a lot of stories that get posted the OLR channel.
You get to see me make fun of tweets and say a lot of things
throughout the week.
So check that out over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
We do have a call waiting in the green room.
If you want to call into the show, the green room is the
place to go because you can't actually see Archa through
the magical mystery of Discord.
You can't actually see our room where we're recording now,
but that for obvious Twitch related security purposes,
we don't.
We're not a wide open room, but we'll pull you in from the
green room if we see you in there, such as this caller,
who we've heard from before.
And I'm excited to welcome back.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is ActDeft.
Hey, ActDeft.
It is great to hear from you.
What's up, buddy?
Well, do you want to write more about Niantic?
Do I have a choice?
We do.
But yeah, I want to talk about that.
I want to pretty much stay my opinion on that because,
you know, and everyone knows I'm an avid Pokemon Go player.
Yes, you are.
And yeah, I'm definitely not happy with how Niantic has handled
things in the past year, probably even.
But this is probably, yeah, one of the worst decisions they
have made because, and yeah, it's the remote raid thing.
It's like, I know that not many people that, okay, I'm going
to rave and I'm going to use those passes like a lot.
But at the same time, and I've seen it because I know people
that are disabled or have a condition and cannot go outside
like easily or have access to those places and they have
to rely on those remote raids.
So it actually makes me angry for them because Niantic knows
this. They know.
They have less than according to them.
And it's like baffling that they keep making these decisions
without considering what is happening to the player base.
And I've heard this from other podcasts, other people, that
they should be rewarding people that are going out and playing
incentivizing to go out instead of punishing players that
cannot go out, that cannot play outside.
I know that the thing you have to do in Pokemon Go is go out,
catch them all, play, meet people and all that.
And I understand that I actually enjoy that part of the
game, but at the same time, it's like not everyone can do it.
And we should have the option.
We should have more of, okay, like something like the incense
that also like costs a lot of outrage.
You know, during the pandemic, we had the one minute instance,
like every minute you had to spawn for one hour.
And okay, that was really great.
It was a good change.
And they change it back to five minutes.
If you're stationary, if you're walking, if you're moving
fast enough, you get the one minute spawn, but they could
have changed that like they did with the daily incense.
Like, okay, if you go out, if you're moving, if we see you're
moving, you get better spawns, you get legendaries, you get
like see the legendaries, you get more good stuff.
But if you're stationary, okay, you get the regular spawns,
you get normal stuff, you get normal like by going out.
But I also want to clarify, Deft, I agree with you totally
on what you're saying.
One thing that was interesting about that daily adventure
incense is that they, and again, it's a key problem with
with the whole messaging this time, that daily adventure
incense came out after the bad news announcement.
And it was one of those things where I was like, you know,
maybe if they'd said this when they've done the other that
they're going to give you a free 50 minute incense every
day, maybe it would have lessened the blow a little bit
and that and I feel like it's the mistake they're making
here.
But one other thing I want to say with the remote raids,
because I think this is important.
I didn't say it earlier.
I've always felt those remote raids were pretty bullshit.
And I'm going to tell you why.
And it's not what you think.
It's because you're not guaranteed to get that Pokemon.
So you're jacking up the price from 100 to 195.
And I'm not even guaranteed to get the Pokemon at the end
of the day.
I mean, what a joke.
At least the ones in person, you get a free pass every day.
So, okay, I use my pass.
I didn't get it today.
All right, whatever, whatever it worked out.
I would say from the get go.
And I think part of this kind of plays into some of the
things I was saying earlier that may not have been as
popular.
But from my perspective, the remote raids have never been
an equal playing field to what's going on out what's
happening in the real world.
It's bullshit that it's not a guaranteed chance if you're
going to spend that kind of money.
It's gambling.
It's mature rated in Australia.
And even then, it's like, okay, the good news they gave us
for going like in person raids.
Oh, you're going to get XL candy.
You're going to get more XL candy.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, we already have the bonus active.
It's something that should be happening already.
Like, okay, if you're going to give us like those XL candies
that are really valuable in the game, okay, then make
probably, okay, more XP bonuses, more stardust bonuses,
give us more incentive to go out and play.
Because on the other hand, and I said this on Twitter, it's
like, I barely raid right now.
It's like, I barely do raids because I don't have the time
to do them.
It's like, if someone invites me, I'll probably do it.
And because it's something I really want, or I'm grinding
for a certain Pokemon.
But right now, it's like, why even bother?
Yeah, I stopped buying the passes.
So I feel bad when I get the invites.
I never go in, but I stopped buying the passes.
I only buy passes if I have the coins for it because I leave
my Pokemon in gyms.
Sure, that's it.
Sure.
And that's it.
I had to buy storage and stuff.
And I've been trying not to throw Niantic money.
So I've been just kind of in that game anyway.
I've just been stockpiling my gym coins.
Yeah, same thing, basically.
But I'm not really buying remote raid passes because I've
just had one too many raids.
It's interesting because the raids I'm okay with remote
raiding are the mega evolution ones, because you're always
guaranteed to get mega evolution juice, even if you don't
catch the Pokemon.
It's weird because I think the mega evolutions of Pokemon
Go are silly.
I don't really care for them, but it's actually the best
better rating mechanic are those mega evolution raids,
because you're always guaranteed at least something.
Yeah, at least there's something desirable outside of XP
and Stardust.
You know, people are going to say, well, you get those.
It's not the same and you know it.
Yeah, it's not the same, but at least there's something
always worth it.
Like, even with legendary raids and other raids, it's like,
okay, you get the chance for a shiny.
You get the chance for if you're living up, you want to
Stardust.
It's like, okay, you do them because, okay, it's fun sometimes.
But again, in this case, it's like, why even bother?
It's like, why should I even go out and raid?
Because there's no incentive to do so.
Right.
And even like with remote raiding, it's like, I mostly do it
because, oh, I'm helping someone else.
And even like today, I had the problem with a Pokemon
girlfriend that he needed people to beat out a Loye.
That's the legendary right now.
And we couldn't do the raid because there wasn't enough
people.
So right now, even like now, people are not even like
actively going out for raiding or doing raids in that way
because it's also kind of expensive, like buying every
single time, like a 100 coin pass.
It's like, even then, it's like, wow, it's dumb.
And it's one of the many dumb decisions Niantic has done
again in the past few years, in the last year, at least.
And this is where it's starting to get annoying is that
this is at least the third time, at least the third time
now they've made a major game decision that seems completely
tone deaf to the community and especially the ways they're
announcing it and everything.
It's hard to watch.
It's getting to be very hard to watch that they can be this
unwilling to change their ways and like not listen to advice
yet again.
But anyway, I think the remote raids were kind of busted
from the start, to be quite honest, but I get it.
And I'll keep playing.
I enjoy Pokemon Go for what it is.
I enjoy going out playing.
I have friends that have recently either come back to play
or are new to the game.
So it's like, oh, I have someone to play with.
At least if I go out, I can tell them and we can go there.
We can go to a park.
We can go to this or that.
So it's like that part is still fun, but it's part of what
the game already was.
So again, I'm not going to uninstall the game or anything.
People are saying that you should probably turn off
Adventure Sync because that's another way they're generating
or getting your info of location.
Interesting.
If you're like that extreme, it's like, oh, I'm not going
to uninstall the game, but I don't want to get Niantic any
money or any more money, turn off Adventure Sync.
You know what another thing it can do?
And I don't think I've seen a lot of people talking about
this, probably because nobody's doing it anyway.
But here, 100%, if you really want to get Niantic,
don't scan Poke Stops, period.
Do not, under any circumstance, for any reward, scan
Poke Stops.
That is the data they really want.
And that's where they're trying to push.
They even announced for Ingress 3D glyph hacking.
I think it was something they talked about
Stop by Southwest.
So we're going to start to see the features from that.
But in order for them to roll out those features, they
have to have the data around Poke Stops.
So that is honestly the number one thing you could do if
you really want to stick it to Niantic.
Do not, under any circumstance, scan Poke Stops.
Basically, don't give them any info they want.
That's the whole summary of it.
But yeah, I'm going to keep playing.
But yeah, I'm not going to invest any more money in the
game unless they make some changes in the future or as soon
as possible to make the game better for everyone.
I want to ask you one more thing.
We have a caller waiting, so I want to get to them too.
But one more quick question before I let you go.
What do you think of this whole latest kind of like
conspiracy theory, if you will, that Niantic never intended
to set the price at $195, because apparently it was
data mined some time ago that the price of remote passes
was going to be $150.
So Niantic, what they're doing here, and this is again,
nobody knows this for sure, but this is what some tinfoil
hat folks on social media and YouTube channels especially
are saying is that Niantic never intended, intends to go
to $195.
They're going to make it look like, oh, we're listening to
the community and so we're going to bring it back.
We're going to compromise and set it to $150 when it was
always intended to be $150.
Gotcha.
Um, I can't believe the conspiracy theory there, but at
the same time, since we have like, we have gotten leaks
from Pokemon Go in the sense that they haven't released
something yet.
And I can speak like in terms of Scarlet and Violet, we
learned about Gimmigo before the game even launched.
True.
So it's like, maybe it's something, okay, they are listening
and they're going to revert, but they haven't gone into,
to, okay, we're going to make this change this way.
But at the same time, and this is something I also want
to say on record, that the price increase for me isn't
the deal breaker.
They could have increased the price, whatever.
It's the thing that they're limiting the rates for only
five a day.
That's the thing that's getting to me that it's like,
why are you limited?
Like, it's like, again, not all people that are remote
rating are going to spend like, oh, I'm going to buy 10
passes or I'm going to buy 20.
Most people that do that are probably most of the people
that are going to go out and rate it anyways.
And I know them because I watch also those Poketubers too.
And I know people that do that.
It's like, yeah, they're going to do it anyway.
They're going to buy the passes.
It's the thing that they're limiting to people that are
probably, again, that cannot probably go out.
They cannot move.
They cannot access certain places that it's like, why?
Why limit that?
Why nerf the passes in that way?
Yeah, it does seem odd.
I don't know anyone that rates that much remotely anyway,
but I'm sure they must have the data for it, I guess.
But anyway.
All right, I'm going to let you go, my friend.
Thank you so much for the phone call.
And we'll see what kind of meetings happen this weekend
when Niantic says tomorrow and maybe Tuesday.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Thank you.
Take care.
Bye bye.
All right.
We're going to hop on actually to one more quick call here.
Let me just change the cameras around live and let's welcome
another caller.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, my name is Fixation Gaze.
Hello.
Well, I remember you.
You were here last week, but it's great to hear from you.
How are you?
Oh, I'm great.
I just was I because you were talking about EA and Sims was
one of my hyper fixations like Resident Evil.
You uncracked my autistic Uber potential.
And now I'm here to rant about how mad I am at EA about Sims.
Well, please let's talk.
Let's talk about how mad you are at EA.
That was one of my fixations, too.
So yeah, I feel you.
I spent last summer.
I think I have over 2000 hours in Sims 4 on its own.
Oh, my gosh.
I was a Sims kid, too.
I spent years on that stupid game.
But I wanted to say, fun fact.
Do you know how much it costs to get every single add on for
the Sims?
Bob Parker number.
1500.
I'd go higher.
I'll say 4300.
You both actually were incorrect.
It is much lower than that.
It is currently $995.
That's cheap.
Gwen, I'm closer.
What price is right rules we both lost.
But going back to what Gwen was saying about mortgage payments,
that's two thirds of mine.
Yeah.
But to be fair, that doesn't sound a lot for, like, if you
think about loot boxes and whatnot and buying add ons.
But that in totals to 61 add ons for the game.
61.
Instead of updating your game.
Instead, every single one of those add ons is some sort of
just penny pinching.
Like, oh, we made this functional.
Buy it.
Which is actually one of the game packs because they have
four different packs.
They have expansions.
They have game packs.
And they have kits.
So again, instead of balling them up into here's expansion
pack one, two, three, and four, they have different gimmicks.
Like, one of them in the game packs, which runs for about
$20, actually makes weddings into a functional event that
should have been base game.
But instead it's packaged into a here's a little cool thing
that we did because let's be honest, Sims 4 is a great game
base game.
It's cute.
You can play with it.
It's functional.
But it's barely functional to the point of a realistic
simulation of relationships.
It is barely functional.
People had to model this stuff in before EA did their thing.
Yeah, it completely like you had to have add ons.
You had to have mods in order to make it a fun game.
It was functional for what it was, but they should have
continued to add on to things like weddings or events or
things like that.
But instead they broke it down into different things with
expansions, which are like the newer, like Island Living,
City Life, stuff like that running about $39.99 or $40 if
you just want to lump it.
And then they have game packs, which are like expansions,
but they're for, like, one certain thing, like the wedding
expansion pack, which was about $19 or running you $20.
So if you want to fix one, yeah, it's a patch.
You're paying $20 for a patch, and then you have stuff packs,
which, like, they have a clutter pack, they have a bathroom
pack, they have an infant pack.
That's all like $10.
And then you have things like kits that are like one or two
different items that you can buy for $5.
It is very interesting to see that business model next to
something like No Man's Sky, which does these regular
expansion type stuff.
And they give it away as part of the base game.
Now, granted, the trajectory of those two games has been
very different.
So I understand EA can charge it for The Sims in a way that
No Man's Sky has to more prove itself.
But it's just interesting.
I just find it completely fascinating that instead of making
a new game, like they're doing that now, of course, like
they release that they're going to be doing Sims 5.
But instead of making a new game or going back and doing
free patches for the community, EA went, hold on, I smell
money. And they've done something that no one has ever
been able to recreate in form of, like, loot boxes, because
in loot boxes, the fun is like, oh, my God, I can, like,
there's a gambling aspect.
There's an addiction to loot boxes.
But to Sims stuff, they have it.
So it's like, instead of because they could shove a bunch
of this into an expansion pack for like $60.
They could do it with the original ones when they're all
on disk.
Yeah.
But nowadays they go, oh, it's just $5 for an extra kit.
It's just $20 for an extra pack.
It's like, it's not a lot of money, quote unquote.
So it gets you with the like, oh, yeah, I could just blow
that. But then if you buy everything that's close to $1,000.
Now you're giving it $20 a month for how many years?
And that's how they get you.
And then to add insult to all of this, at the end of all
that, after Sims 5 comes out, you know there's going to be
a Sims 4 Ultimate Edition that they release all over again
for $70.
That is the whole enchilada.
It's the whole $990, whatever.
We already got that.
Oh, really?
But we already got some sort of controversy like that.
See, last year, the reason why I got back into the Sims
again is they released the base game for free.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it's going to be for free for the rest of the shelf life.
You will never have to pay $60 for the base game again.
But what about for everybody who bought the game?
Well, EA had an answer for them.
See, they gave them a voucher for one free $5 kit.
So paying $60 for the wonderful game.
Here's a $5 coupon.
Go pick out something you like.
Here's a dollar.
Go see a Star War.
Not a single depreciation value.
But still, how long did it stay a $60 game?
Right.
Because it's no longer like a $60 game.
Now it's basically a free to play.
Like Sims Multi.
Have you ever played the Sims Mobile game?
The Sims 4 Mobile game?
We did for a hot minute.
It is practically unplayable without any of the add on purchases.
It is pretty much like you cannot play Sims Mobile without any add ons because of that's
how it's built.
So basically, they just turned Sims Mobile into what they want the Sims to be, where
you can play to a certain extent before you're like, Oh, well, this is getting kind of bored
monotonous.
Let me buy this pack.
Let me buy this.
Let me buy that.
It's just five dollars.
It's just, it's just.
Well, and on top of that, there's other modders that are doing stuff a lot better than EA
did.
The Maxis art was cute for a minute.
And no.
I want to get on the community a little bit about it.
Like the Sims resource, which is one like reputable.
You can go there all the time.
They're now doing like memberships to get out of ads and whatnot.
So it's all becoming like the Sims is becoming kind of like a luxury sort of ordeal where
you can kind of pay to be part of a certain community.
And I just might pay for them because it was three bucks a month, but still.
Yeah, but still like that's three bucks a month on top of all the other things that
you're if you're like doing Sims content, because I know a lot of people are doing just
Sims content.
You know, call me call me old school, but I would I would love to get a new Sims City
game.
And I know there was that reboot a few years ago that again, it had the always online thing.
It didn't land well at all.
But I'd love to see that concept revisited.
I love Sim City.
I think with how EA is doing things and how they are very much on the board of let's get
a bunch of money for one thing.
I know they're probably going to milk Sims 5 just like this, except the base pack for
Sims 5.
Or you can buy the deluxe pack that comes with 10 game packs of your choosing or one
expansion because it will even give you less than that.
Yeah, no, what they do on EA actually right now is you can bundle them and pick one game
pass, one expansion, one stuff, one kit, and then you get it for like 5% cheaper, it feels
like because it's not a lot.
The reason why they keep doing is because they can get away with it.
Oh yeah, and they get so much money out of it.
Because again, if you have everything for the Sims, it is a very easily, without any
mods at all, you can turn it into an entire empire of content.
Especially if you use cheat codes.
If you can move things around and clutter and do all the pretty aesthetic stuff, you
can just make a lot of content just from doing that.
You don't even need mods, mods make it better.
They just motherload it and you're set.
I have been playing around with the up and down motions where you can raise and lower
objects and it is a game changer.
If you can abuse the basement settings so that you can make things not on the same layer
but you can use them on the same layer or lower objects so you can hide them inside
of better looking objects.
It is fascinating.
I learned how to make spiral staircases and split level houses all from manipulating the
game engine.
Yeah, that was my jam.
I kind of want to learn more things every day.
I love Sims 4, I really do.
EA hit the nail on the head with that kind of concept and people can't really replicate
it without making the Sims.
But EA is absolutely disgusting in how they've been treating their content packs.
And with all that money they're making, they go and they lay off workers.
Boy oh boy.
I will say I am very happy with them for their LGBTQ content that they've released for free.
From what I looked over, the binder packs, the scar packs that they have for it, they
are actually really good.
They have figure slimming things that you can get, which are gender affirming for trans
women.
They have binders, they have top surgery scars, the different kinds.
All that stuff has honestly looked really good.
Yeah, to EA's credit, they tend to be ahead of the curve.
I remember they were at the early gamer X conventions before a lot of companies are
getting on board and stuff, and they've always been a little bit ahead of the curve on that
stuff.
So credit where credit is due.
The way that they handled trans characters, just to begin with, that you picked.
Yeah, you could pick physical body, but you could pick different voice and you could pick
different.
They handled it really well.
Remember SimCopter.
It goes all the way back to SimCopter and some of the things that they put in those
games.
So anyway, currently you can actually pick your own pronouns, like your Sims pronouns,
and you can do custom pronouns.
That's awesome.
So you can make that up.
And also, although I will say that it took that update for them to also add medical equipment
for disabled folks.
We don't have the wheelchair yet, but you can have an insulin pump and a cochlear ear
implant for your Sim.
That's cool.
All right.
Well, Fixie, I got to let you go to try to squeeze in one more call before we get to
Dead by Daylight.
But thank you so much for calling in.
I hope everything goes swimmingly with your own channel and all that.
And if folks aren't following you, I hope they will.
Of course.
Thank you for having me so much.
I love listening in and I love adding feedback, so I will bow out now.
Thank you for having me here.
Take care.
You're a welcome part of our community.
All right.
Take care, friend.
Oh, there they went.
Okay, one more call.
We're going to squeeze in here before we wrap it up for tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
So one and only Rama.
How is everybody doing tonight?
I am doing fantastic.
I don't know why you're coming through quiet, but I'll fix that in a minute.
How are you, Rama?
I'm good.
Hold on.
I got a new microphone stand and I've been adjusting it so that people can hear me.
So if I'm coming off too low, that means I need to move the mic closer to myself.
I apologize.
You're fine.
I can always boost you in Discord.
You're not that quiet.
Just maybe reading a little quieter than the three of us.
But what's on your mind tonight, my friend?
Things now.
Great.
I'm not on because I don't want to hit the wrong button and get booted from the chat.
So I'm just going to leave it as is.
So there's originally three things I wanted to talk about, but due to time constraints,
I'll cut it down to two.
All right.
Number one, tick tock.
Now, in my field of work, it's understandable for the employees who have it on their personal
phones and so forth.
And I can say this, given the nature of my work, if we handed out company phones, that
will be an OK application to have.
Now, granted, we've had discussions in the chat about data mining and so forth, about
Facebook getting caught out there and so forth.
Now, I have not been following my IT papers as much as I normally would have.
But going back a couple of years around a certain time or certain somebody was hating
on tick tock, even before that, I.T.
people in higher standing network engineers, people from various companies and entities
were saying that tick tock should not be on your phone.
And it's more of the aspect of the permissions that the app is has and is pulling more
information than it should.
Is it different from Facebook, though?
I would say, all right, from a personal point of view, there is no difference from a technical
point of view, from the data that they're pulling, give or take.
I think it's more like even though the app has the permissions to grab certain data,
it's how it's pulling the data.
Again, it's been a few years since I've been reading papers on this.
But what's interesting is.
They were I.T.
people who were saying that, you know, you should not have to talk on your phone.
And then when a certain somebody got butthurt about being teased on tick tock, that's when
it came in as a center of attraction.
But what's funny is people were wanting to ban it because of a certain somebody getting
offended, not because of the additional data that it is not supposed to have.
Which is kind of crazy to me.
Well, and the real reason people want to ban it is because of the China connection.
Let's just call it what it is like.
It's that's what it is.
That's why it's being treated differently than other social media applications.
Well, I will say I'm not on TikTok, but I have friends, cosplayers, content creators
that are on there.
I can tell you that it seems that TikTok.
Plays to certain colors, genders and so forth, because I have been told, you know, if you
are LGBT, expect yourself on TikTok to be a little bit lower than everybody else.
And they have been called out for and they've been caught red handed for this numerous times.
The algorithm is an interesting thing on TikTok.
I would just say my experience is that with very minimal effort, I've been exposed to
a lot more people than probably even on Twitch or some other platforms.
And I've made two short videos on TikTok.
It's not something I'm super invested in as a platform, but that algorithm has definitely
caught my attention.
I'm not well researched enough on some of the comments about LGBT suppression and things
of that nature to comment any further on that.
I can just speak to the experience I've had so far.
And you're right.
And I will say I know people whose engagement on TikTok is much higher than it has been
on Twitter, Instagram and everywhere else.
But, you know, again, I am not on there because I am not that creative.
I will watch other people's TikToks.
I don't think people need to see a TikTok of me screaming at my computer while I'm editing
over 3000 cosplay videos while holding a bottle, an unmarked bottle of hooch in my hand.
Okay.
All right.
Quickly, what was the other thing you want to talk about tonight?
You know, I think I might have now three.
Oh, sure.
We don't need E3, but in the aspect of we need E3 elaborate.
Okay.
So I was traveling yesterday and one of my group chats, people were talking about E3,
how E3 is useless.
We don't need E3 because we have packs and this and that.
I had to stop what I was doing to kind of educate people.
Now, if I am wrong about E3, please correct me because y'all are the gurus.
I think I know what you're going to say.
So please say it, because, yes, I will.
I will course correct if I if it's not what I think you're going to say.
Thank you.
I said to the fellows, people in the chat, E3 is not PAX.
PAX was kind of created to give the smaller independent publishers and people a voice
that he did not have it.
E3 is industrial trade show.
People in the industry go to E3.
Correct.
Yes, you are right.
E3 is not for the public.
What you see at PAX, you would see a beta revision at E3.
There is a difference.
You let the general person go to E3 and they're playing a beta of so and so game part five.
That average person is going to go on their socials and bitch about how terrible the game
is compared to somebody within the industry, whether they're a developer, a creator or
journalist would explain.
This is how it looks at this point.
This is what we're looking forward to towards the end.
Right.
And the short way of saying that to your friend is quite simply and succinctly this.
E3 isn't for you, period.
That's what it is.
And yeah, and everything you're saying about people would not be able to put their critical
eye aside.
And this is why Square Enix, and I remember this when they were showing off, I think I
played Final Fantasy 13 at E3 and I wanted to get pictures of it, but they would not
even let you take pictures of the screen.
Even though they had a demo out there, they did not want people taking pictures of it
because it wasn't the final product.
They didn't want people publishing pictures of that.
That was an early peak is what it was.
And those were some of the signs that showed that E3 was becoming this other monster
that it wasn't really ever supposed to be.
So another thing with E3 said, we're going to let the general public in.
Do you know how many cosplayers got excited about going to another con to party and have
a good time?
I'm just sitting there drinking my tea going, you're going to have a bad time.
And they're like, why?
I'm just like, you do realize this is not a three day weekend thing.
Everything ends around five thirty six o'clock.
And that's why I say E3 died that year.
And we've just been running around its corpse like weekend at Bernie's, especially, you
know, what did I say on Twitter?
Something like E3 died in twenty seventeen, twenty nineteen and the excuse me, twenty
twenty in the pandemic and everything killed what was already a corpse, basically.
And now we've been trying to run it around like weekend at Bernie's.
And it's just not happening.
And let's be real.
Let's be real here.
Rob, let's not let's not pull any shit right here.
I don't know about you, but again, when I heard that RePop got their hands on E3, I
knew it was over right then and there.
It's that scene from The Simpsons where you say, stop, stop.
You're killing him already.
Yeah, I was the same scene with RePop, their hands on it because they were going to turn
that into another pax.
And I will testify on that.
And can I get an amen?
Well, I hope your audio is coming through now.
Here's the thing that for me, that when that whole thing went down, that was just more
like, so this is just further proof.
The E3 you used to know no longer exists.
Go back and check the tapes.
I know that's what I said back then.
This is already proof that E3 is a different show now.
It's not the same show you remember from 2006.
I think also RePop realized, oh, we can't make any money on losses.
Let's move on.
Because I think we're kind of at a point where we don't need E3.
But again, we need something.
I mean, I don't think the gamers realize how lucky and spoiled they are.
All of these YouTube reels and live streams this and live streams that 20 years ago.
Where were we getting our information from?
The July issue of Electronic Gaming Monthly or GamePro?
The industry now has Game Developers Conference, and they're very smart to just not invite
the media to that or in very limited capacity.
Because this has already happened where people have tried to treat the Game Developers Conference
as if it was E3.
They left sorely disappointed.
And somehow Game Developers Conference for at least the last probably since 2015, 2014
has managed to exist kind of as an industry game developers event that people don't like
the consumer and the average gamer, whatever, don't put a lot of stock in.
And so that's good.
That's where game developers want their trade show to be.
So don't let's not spread the word.
The Game Developers Conference is the new E3, but it's a secret to everyone.
It's like this.
The best way I can say it is like this.
GDC is the science of gaming.
E3 is where the science becomes magic.
I see some awesome stuff.
It might do the magic black smoke and they may close the curtain, but you ain't got to
worry about it because there is an awesome nerd back there typing away and getting it
done so that you have an awesome game for Christmas.
I have a small correction.
I would say GDC is the science of the industry and all those great things you said.
E3 is dead.
That's that's pour it out.
All right, Rama, I got to let you go so we can wrap up.
Thank you so much, my friend, for the call.
I hope everybody will check out Anime Jam Session.
Lots of great coverage on shows that are for fans, actually, over there on Anime Jam Session.
Rob, I am offended that you said pour one out.
I wouldn't pour out a can of Bud Light for E3.
Ew.
Point taken.
Point taken.
All right, Rama, take care, my friend.
All right, later, y'all.
Bye.
Oh, my God.
All right.
That is going to do it for another episode.
I might have turned up in my mouth a little bit at the mention of Bud Light.
I know.
I don't blame you.
Quickly, quickly, Loki, any last minute stories?
Yeah, I did have one.
There is a special offer going on right now through Square Enix where you can download
Stormblood for free for Final Fantasy 14.
That promotion doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
Why not just make it free free?
It's it's weird.
It's free until May 28th.
So if you're interested, go do it.
But yeah, it's considering getting back into 14.
But I don't really have any people who play at the time.
I would.
I kind of want to get back into Star Trek online.
Oh, that's a blast to the past.
I love that game so much.
Just all I did was run around in Deep Space Nine and hang out with Morn.
All right.
Well, with that, we're going to wrap up and get on out of here for the night.
Thank you so much for downloading and checking out Orange Launch Radio.
We appreciate you all.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
Help us add more voices to the pool.
Join us live here on Sunday nights over at VOG Network.
Or if you want, you can also listen to us on the podcast.
Of course, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or wherever it is that
you found this show goes an awful long way.
We really appreciate all of that.
Tell a friend, tell an enemy, just tell somebody because actually the show we have been getting
a few more new faces here lately, which has been nice.
We want more, more.
So help us.
We would really appreciate that.
Let's go give folks final thought.
Dark Sakura, I know you're off to go do Dead by Daylight.
Do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Yes, I'm having a subathon on April 19th, and really, it's more of just an excuse to
have people hang out with me on my birthday who I can't see in person, but it will be
on my channel.
I'm playing Dead by Daylight.
Having a midnight suns and cold to the lamb palate cleanser, but I'm planning on going
at minimum 18 hours and I'm going to aim for 24.
There will be appearances by Midna and artwork giveaways.
All right.
Oh boy.
All right.
So in the meantime, I'm going to play DVD now.
Bye.
All right.
Have fun.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you and your final thought tonight.
I'm just trying to get my content creation down to less than a month between episodes
of things.
So good call.
It helps to be able to get more videos out and spreading the word.
That's for sure.
Yes.
So that's why starting yet another series is a great idea.
Yeah, good call.
My final thought tonight.
I don't have a lot.
My life outside of the show has been pretty busy.
Can't talk about that right now.
I'll talk about it in a week or two.
It's nothing to do with OLR gaming.
It's just interesting stuff.
So I'll talk about that in a couple of weeks, but otherwise, that's it.
I hope everybody is doing well and great.
Looking forward to getting back to some conventions, things like Dragon Con.
Looking forward to hoping to meet some people over Labor Day and check out some events here
locally, too.
I think we're supposed to go to one in mid April, so I'm supposed to more info on that
next week.
Maybe I got to get all the details on that.
So anyway, that's it.
We're done.
We're out of here for the night.
Have a great night, everybody.
We will see you in seven days.
We'll do this all over again.
I can't wait to see you.
Until next time.
Bye bye.
See you next week.
