It's been over a decade since yours truly was on Orange Lounge Radio, reporting on Nintendo's
Wii U pre-release tour, and since then Nintendo Directs have become hugely relevant to fans.
Nintendo has always had a great presence in Japan, but now they are getting back into
the convention by and about them game stateside.
What's next?
A theme park section devoted to their popular franchises?
Oh, right, that happened already.
It's a me.
And now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back and live and ready to go once again with episode
number 956 of our show for tonight, April the 16th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week as we tape our show live, broadcast
it out to the world, and put it all up in a podcast for people to consume throughout
the week to talk about the latest and greatest in video games and gaming culture and all
that good stuff.
Like I said, I'm Rob, and with me are my co-hosts.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hello.
I'm getting ready.
Getting ready?
Well, I was going to say, so now we've transitioned from your birthday month to your birthday
week.
So happy birthday week.
It's holy week now.
And how do we celebrate the golden week of Dark Sakura's birthday?
Should I bake a cake with strawberries?
Actually, I'm meeting a fellow streamer on Tuesday, Silly Candy, who lives in our area.
And we're going to go to Danielle's for crepes.
Oh, yum.
I love that place.
I love crepes.
I haven't been in an age, but it's going to be fun.
And then, of course, my subathon thing is more like a suggestion.
It's just like, come hang out with me while you get to see me in increasing levels of
sleep deprivation.
And I'm going to play more than Dead by Daylight, probably, maybe.
I'll definitely be there.
I won't be able to be there till after work because I have a very, very busy work week,
but I'll be there eventually.
That's fine.
Oh, geez.
Just make it worth the wait.
Uh-oh, we have a spill.
Clean up on Isle Jamie.
All right.
Yeah, and all my new shirts, too.
While you work on that, I'm going to go over to Tech Master Loki.
Hey, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Yeah?
How's your week going?
I'm tired.
Yeah?
I'm hungover, so that makes two of us.
I saw you were going full Karen on the Minecraft Twitter this week asking for the results of
the contest.
It's been a month.
It has been a month.
You still haven't heard anything, huh?
Nope.
All right.
Maybe, I guess.
They closed down the channel on Discord, too, for that particular, well, just for that particular
content, because it's so over now.
It's just like, okay, somebody forgot, because they've run like two or three more contests
since then, and they've had results.
Oh, no.
Anybody?
The intern who is in charge of that competition unfortunately got sacked.
I actually hope that's not true.
I would actually feel bad if that was legit the case, but unfortunately, that's the world
we live in.
Well, hopefully, it ends up being one of those good things come to those who wait sort of
situation.
All right.
Of course, we do tape our show live, as I was mentioning earlier, every Sunday night
at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
VOG Network.
That's V-O-G Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
You can watch us as we answer your comments in our chat if you want to chat along with
our show live over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Interesting, as the show owner Matt says, maybe it's Capcom holding things up.
Hmm.
Maybe.
Maybe it's Maybelline.
Maybe it is.
Pod Culture says, I won an Injustice 3, so our little intro joke tonight for the Twitch
had to do with Injustice turning 10 years old, because that was a PS3 game.
Technically, Injustice qualifies as Classic Game of the Week at this point, which is wild
to think about, and it's one of those things where it's like, oh, where did time go?
That is really-
It also has a really terrible looking arcade game.
I just don't understand-
Isn't it a ticket spitter?
Maybe, but there's no joystick on it.
It's just attack buttons.
I saw that.
I happened to randomly be at round one in Roseville yesterday, so maybe getting into
my gaming week a little bit, but we decided to do so.
My friends and I, they all play Pikmin.
We wanted to get our 10,000 steps in, but it was a little warm yesterday, and I haven't
had to worry about this for the last 17 years, because our local sports ball team is actually
in the playoffs for the first time almost ever, walking down-
That's the name of hell that happened.
Yeah, I know, right?
What the hell?
Apparently, not to get too into sports, because y'all won't know what show you're listening
to if I do that, but apparently, the new coach they got is so good, he's like the coach of
the year for the whole NBA.
Let's see if he can turn our team around.
Yeah, I know, right?
It was always like when I was in band, if we did a bad marching show, our football team
would win.
That's what I'm feeling like.
Anyway, the point was we couldn't go walking downtown.
We didn't want to go walking downtown, because it's going to be a little bit of a shit show
with all that going on.
Once they light the beam, it goes nuts, so we didn't want to walk down there.
We were actually in midtown yesterday for dinner.
Oh, no.
Well, no, it was fine, because we were way on the other side, but originally, our plans
were like, oh, yeah, after dinner, we're going to go to downtown to go to this underground
mini golf place, and I'm like...
Oh, the putt-putt golf thing there?
Yeah, there's like a...
That place is cute.
I went to a drag bingo there during the week once.
It's that putt-putt golf or whatever is cute.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
It's right next to the arena.
Yeah.
We were going to go there.
I was like, I don't want to go there during playoff.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
That was a wise decision, because from what I understand, there were lots of people watching
the game outside, because if you've walked by the arena, they have giant LED screens
there, so if you weren't in the arena watching the game, you could watch outside, and it
was packed.
Then, of course, oh, my God, I really am talking about sports on Orange Launch Radio.
What the...
It must be April.
What the fuck is going on here in this day?
Anyway, because all those people were there, so I made a little joke about light the beam,
which has become this big thing in Sacramento.
Whenever the Kings win a game, they literally have a purple space laser that they fire into
the air, and they shine it until midnight, and you can see it from all over town.
Now, thanks to this, everybody screams, light the beam.
I picture a very, what was her name in Austin Powers?
Frow.
Frow.
Yes.
Yeah.
Light the beam.
It's her whenever they win.
And here's my thing.
Why stand outside when you could be at home in your pajamas watching it?
Why do people tailgate?
It's the same thing.
Because Kings players, or excuse me, Kings fans are insane, and I have tons of friends
who are Kings fans.
I say that with tongue firmly planted in cheek, but when it's the only professional sports
thing at all your town of a million people has, people get really into it.
It was funny.
I didn't know what light the beam was for the longest time.
It's like I've seen bumper stickers on cars that said light the beam.
I'm like, is this a cult or something?
What is this?
They have minor league baseball.
As it turns out, Loki, yes, it is a cult.
It's more fun.
Yeah, no.
Well, it goes to show, yeah, I see people in chat talking about soccer, and yeah, people
get really into minor league soccer.
I would say the River Cats probably have more of a fan following than most minor league
teams out there.
I would be willing to wage money on that.
Then our local soccer, the Free Republic, what is it?
FC Republic, Sac FC Republic that plays at Cal Expo, those games are always well attended
too.
They've been trying to push soccer here for a long time.
I think the pandemic threw a lot of that for a loop, but they definitely want soccer here
full-time.
This town is full of soccer moms.
Real football.
Yeah, actual football.
Real football.
All right, anyway, I promise that's all the sports tonight.
Whatever few listeners we had left finally turned it off like, wow, OLRs talking about
sports.
I don't know what the fuck happened.
If you're watching live, you can just pay attention to the video that's behind my head.
I don't even know you anymore.
What the hell is that?
Is this some skateboard game that's got bugs galore?
It looks like.
What is that, Logie?
It's Skate 3, but it's Helix Snake.
Helix Snake used to exploit a bunch of different glitches in that game and has the most hilarious
videos.
I've watched his videos for 10 years now, and I can still go back to them, and they're
just as hilarious as the first time.
I'm going to try not to crack myself.
I'm just going to try not to look at my video behind me.
They're just the stupidest, most hilarious things because Skate 3 was kind of cool because
you could actually do tricks and stuff, and you can set up your own ramps and everything.
You can actually move stuff around in the world.
Plus, I have a really cool camera system that you could set up cameras and record replays
and stuff like that, and so he really explains that.
Aren't video games supposed to be a little bit ridiculous at the end of the day?
Isn't that why we love them?
I don't know.
All right.
I'm going to ask for all those people who demand realism.
It says from the same people who like giant enemy crabs.
All right.
I'm sorry, this game does not have enough crabs.
Let's get into our lead topic tonight, which is a very interesting announcement out of
Nintendo that has a lot of people wondering, is this timed with recent E3 announcements?
What's going on here?
Let's dissect this a little bit and see what we think about it.
Loki, do you want to bring us up to speed on what Nintendo put out on the table this week?
Yeah, so Nintendo is doing a Nintendo Live 2023 Seattle.
It's an event that's going to be there that's basically filled with different stage performances.
They're going to have game tournaments, photo ops, and whatnot.
It kind of reminds me of those like Best Buy tours that they used to do, except now
just like in one central location type of thing, which it makes sense that they would
do it in Washington because, you know, the Nintendo North America there.
So, yeah, so they're going to be doing that and it's kind of almost like their own live event.
I imagine it's obviously not as big as it's going to, you know, anything else, but it's
not as big as internet fanboys are already pitching it as, is what you're saying?
Because that's, I think, a very valid concern.
Yes, yes.
Like think the mall tours that they used to do like a while back when malls were a thing.
It's kind of like that.
I think the venue announcement will be very key as to what size they're undertaking here,
because if they are going to the Seattle Convention Center, which I, you know, again,
you know what else is in September in Seattle is PAX West.
I guess it's actually branded as now.
It's not PAX Prime anymore, but it's PAX West is also in September in Seattle.
So I don't see, you know, again, September's, you know, four or five weekends in the month.
So it's not to say that Nintendo couldn't be doing it later in the month, but if they're
doing Labor Day weekend as well, that venue is probably not available.
So I think that the venue announcement will be very important to the scope because they
could also, I mean, you could have PAX going on there and you could have them over at Seattle Center.
You could have where like Space Needle and all that is you could have because Pokemon
Go Fest was over there.
Now, granted, Pokemon Go Fest is mostly outdoors, but Seattle Center does have a large indoor
setup for events that technically this could it could be big enough to hold something like
this for sure.
But I think that's going to be key is like what or is it, you know, the double tree?
Like where where is this at?
It would be very key to what is the scope of this?
I'm surprised that they didn't try to do something like at like their Nintendo Land parks or
Super Mario World parks, whatever those are called, because you would think that that
would be a good way to like, hey, we just put out a movie.
We have these parks, you know, hey, come on down, you know, type of thing.
Like do like a partnership with Universal or something like that.
Well, Loki, I wouldn't I wouldn't write that off.
I wouldn't necessarily write that off because I you know, and I know you kind of brought
that comparison to the mall tour, which, you know, yeah, but there's something about this
that makes me feel like it's a little more than that.
And Bobby and I know he's talking about this on his show and he says in our chat room,
Bobby Blackwell says Space World 2023.
Maybe.
Well, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
There's a couple there's a couple of ways to go with this.
There's a part of me that's kind of chewing on why this year, because hasn't Nintendo
been pretty open about they don't really have anything for the holiday this year.
Now, I don't know if I necessarily believe that, especially with as big as Mario is this
year.
And it's been how many years since a Mario game like could they not do at the bare minimum
either Super Mario Odyssey 2, Super Luigi Odyssey, hell, Super Peach Odyssey, you know,
in tandem with the movie.
Or even less than that, like, hey, let's just port over Mario Galaxy 2.
That's exactly what or fucking just Super Mario All-Stars 2023, you know, for a new
generation.
That's just a repackaging of all the old shit.
You know what?
If they put a few new things in it, people eat it up.
Fine, whatever.
I'd go for a port of Super Paper Mario because that was awesome.
So, I mean, there could be something in that, you know, but I have to put it out there.
People are going to speculate.
I don't know how much I would hedge my bets on this, but could it be a new system?
Could Nintendo be using this event to launch a new system?
No.
I say they could.
I wouldn't be so quick to write it off.
Why are you so quick to write it off?
Because I don't think that they're going to put more, because to me, this feels like
just the same type of effort that they put in to their tournaments around E3.
I just don't think that they're doing, like, this isn't going to be to launch a new system
because it would be bigger than just Seattle if it was that type of thing.
But see, it could start.
You kind of say that, you know, the theme parks, I could see, and this type of thing
has absolutely happened before with E3 is that they would take their E3 booth and then
they toured around the nation at malls and things like that.
Not the whole booth, but the same demos and builds they were showing in the booth, they
would take around the malls and all that stuff.
So it's not to say that whatever they end up unveiling in September, they can't then
have a couple kiosks at the theme park, have a mall tour on top of that, you know, during
the holidays, especially when whatever this is that they're showing is going to be on
sale.
Like, even though I am not quite convinced it is a new system, there is something they've
got to be announcing with this.
Otherwise, I don't understand the pomp and circumstance of this now.
Now, granted, this is something they could have been planning for 2020 and because of
obviously everything that's happened in the world in 2020 and since then, this is the
first year where they can feel like they could do something like this now.
They haven't been able to do it until now.
So it's hard to say, but I feel like they've got to have something new, even if it's just
a new title for, like we said, a rebranding of an old title, whatever.
And then they could end up, you know, touring that around or what have you.
Dr. Tutsi in chat says, well, there were some rumblings of some new Donkey Kong, supposedly
not a country sequel, though.
That could be interesting, especially if that is being lined up for the next movie.
I know we all say that there's for sure going to be a Super Mario sequel.
Absolutely.
But with the business that movie continues to do in its second week, still number one
at the box office, shut down Nicolas Cage, for God's sake, that movie's got some staying
power.
So, you know, predicting that a sequel to the Mario movie will happen is the literal
safest thing you could predict.
Yes, there will be a sequel.
But the question really is, which comes out first, the sequel to that or the very clear
Donkey Kong spinoff they're also setting up in that movie?
Well, it's OK.
Next year, we can we can say Academy Award winning Super Mario Brothers movie because
what else do you think that song is going to win the best?
I think it's going to win best animated picture because what else is coming out?
You've got the other.
Was it the other Pixar movie coming out, which I just think it's kind of to me, it's just
too much like inside out.
I don't know if Disney really has any other things.
They have the live action Little Mermaid, which is animated, obviously.
I don't know what other animated movies are in the pipeline.
Foreign film disrupts something out of Japan or another country, the unknown mix to the
equation.
It's happened before.
And Def says Disney does have a movie later in the year, if I recall correctly.
So it'll be interesting.
I don't know.
I could see that the song gets nominated because there's certainly a lot of buzz around that,
which is kind of surprised me.
Like I kind of found those articles a bit click baity at first.
But then I remembered fucking what was that song?
Man or a Muppet fucking won an Oscar.
Remember that from the Muppets movie?
Am I a man?
Am I a Muppet?
That song won the fucking Oscar.
So it's possible.
Like I can't sit here and say that song would never get nominated because Blame Canada was
nominated.
Remember that?
Robin Williams sang Blame Canada that one year.
That was amazing.
Yep.
So I would say it's more than possible.
I think that Peaches song does get nominated, but we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
All right.
But anyway, back to the Nintendo live event.
There's another very important part of this that I wanted to address.
And that was the fact that they're talking about tournaments.
That's key to me right there because Nintendo, these last few years since pandemic lockdowns
and even kind of the ramp up into before COVID disrupted everything, Nintendo was kind
of infamous for shutting down and pulling Smash GameCube out of a lot of these tournaments
and things.
And really Evo kind of ended up not having Smash anymore because some of this Nintendo
stuff and they were pushing everything through Panda.
Long story short, Nintendo's really disrupted the tournament scene because supposedly they're
supposed to be doing their own official thing.
So this is, and I could see that maybe if Nintendo is just going full blown esports
with this, this could also explain the why now for this.
That they're going to set up a major Smash tournament and maybe other Nintendo games
too, type of tournament with this.
I would say it's their one chance to maybe get back some goodwill of all the bridges
they burned by shutting down or asking these Smash tournaments to change and so forth and
all the things that were going on there.
This is a chance for them to, I don't know if they can get some of that goodwill back
in some places, but it's a start.
If this shows justification for why they've been doing what they've been doing, it would
be interesting.
But we'll see.
So yeah, the question is, does anyone actually want to go?
For me, it depends on what weekend.
Ironically, there's an Ingress thing happening in Tacoma, which obviously is just, you know,
it's the Sea-Tac airport up there, right?
You go north, it's Seattle.
You go south, it's Tacoma.
Well, west-ish, but still.
I was going to maybe go to an Ingress event up there, but it's the week after Dragon Con.
And that's a lot of work for me because literally I'd be coming back on a Tuesday from Dragon,
no, I fly on a Tuesday.
I'd be coming back on a Wednesday to work, and then I'd be leaving again on a Thursday.
So it's like, I might as well just take two full weeks off of work.
And at that point, it's like, ooh, that's a lot of work to miss.
So I don't know.
We also don't know what day it is.
No, we don't.
We don't.
I'm just saying, if it was this particular weekend, I kind of was already going to go
thinking of going to Seattle anyway.
This might push me over the edge to just make that happen, but we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about what we have been doing this week in How Was Your Gaming
Week?
So DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
How was your gaming week?
I played Dead by Daylight.
I played Marvel's Midnight Suns.
I've done my wordscapes.
I played some Beatles today, which we are going to buy that one when we figure out how
to swing that and Weird Al.
And of course, I'm doing my bar stuff.
It's not really a game, but I'm sort of competing with myself for it to see what I can do to
get better.
And I've been debating hooking back up my DDR stuff.
Oh, nice.
Nice.
It's so funny, since I've started doing bar work and a lot of extra stretching, I hurt
worse if I don't do it now.
So it's easier for me.
I've been actually stretching during playing games, and I'll sit with my legs in the log
stack pose just to stretch while I'm playing a game.
So I was actually trying to see if anyone had gamified yoga or something, apart from
Wii Sports.
Good question.
I don't know if I've seen it.
You're right.
Yeah, it's funny.
Wii Fit, but yes, was gamifying yoga, but yeah.
I'm looking for something a little bit more my speed.
No, but gamifying exercise absolutely is a very good motivator.
It really worked for me.
It really did.
Having nothing else to do during the pandemic also helped, but you know.
I'm really reluctant to play a Niantic game because I'm just not happy with what they've
done.
I don't blame you.
I'm not going to defend them.
There's not really many out there other than maybe going back to playing Orna, but I don't
know.
I'll think of something.
I do like Orna, and I love that it's an indie, but I feel like the real world elements are
secondary in that game.
That's my only issue with that game.
But whatever works, right?
If it gets you to go to new areas, whatever works.
I just more want something that's going to give me incentive to walk to a place and do
something rather than drive right by the place and do something.
What about geocaching?
It's not technically a game.
I mean, I guess it is a game, and there's a lot of apps around geocaching.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I thought there were either.
I'm not going to use a Fitbit when I have an Apple Watch.
Why would I do that?
However, I have been using my workout mode on my watch to make sure I'm doing at least
30 minutes, so I guess it's kind of like achievement unlocked.
That's how I've kind of made a game out of it, was if I change my averages.
I know I've leveled up, and my stair average went from six flights on a day on average
to 11.
So I'm kind of using that sort of as like, I even sometimes I'll hear the Final Fantasy
fanfare in my head when something has changed on there.
I've already updated my ambient calories that I burned for the day because it's more.
It's been a big game for me, just like a big game.
I'm going to patent that part of the idea.
Then again, I think NerdFit already did it, but have achievement systems and things like
that where you are gaining personal levels.
It's been fun, actually.
Very fun.
I was sort of hoping I had a game that would fit my style of how I wanted to do this.
I mean, I could go try Wii Fit again, you know, but I don't know.
It felt like a little bit of work to do that when I'm already on the clock bringing out all my equipment now.
Honestly, you've got to hook the Wii U back up when there's not a lot else.
It's still hooked up.
Oh, okay. Well, that's convenient.
And the Switch, and the PS3, and the PS4.
Well, right then.
And I think the PSTV is as well.
We had that for a hot minute.
But yeah, Ring Fit Adventure wasn't so much fun for me.
And I'm doing a lot more than yoga.
I'm doing kettlebells.
But the bar stuff is the butt kicker, literally.
I know now why ballerinas are ridiculously skinny and flexible.
Just getting started with some of those.
Like, oh my god, plie de relevé.
I'm like, my butt is going to be made out of cast iron by the end of the month.
You know what a plie is, right?
No. I don't.
It's when you're sort of doing a squat with your feet together.
And then relevé is when you're coming up on your tiptoes.
Imagine going from a half squat to your tiptoes and doing that on repeat.
Okay, I've seen that done, yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to have...
It's not going to be iron, but it's going to be something.
Maybe not iron.
Because that would be too magnetic.
And I don't let anyone in my butt.
But gamifying exercise is a good way to motivate on that.
Yeah, and so that's how I'm seeing it.
For me, it's a game.
So I'm including it.
Well, let's go to some other video games.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was filled with Minecraft again.
So I had a stream day yesterday.
And I streamed early in the morning.
And then, of course, we had the rest of the channel, 64 people carrying out throughout the day.
So that was fun. Moved some villagers around.
I also went to the Capital Creative Showcase down in West Sacramento.
So I got to check out some indie games there.
I didn't know you went, too.
I know you did because Brianna told me.
I didn't know you went, too.
I was just about to talk about it as well.
I said it when you were talking about it earlier.
No, I thought...
I shouldn't know. I had to work.
No, she had told me you weren't going because of the stream.
And I knew you were doing the stream.
I was like, oh, yeah, I was there in the morning.
That's funny.
Yeah, I said I tried to make it.
But, yeah, it was just like it was between piano practice for the kids.
It's not a wedding dinner, but it was like a dinner congratulating my sister-in-law for getting married type of thing.
So it was like in between.
I was like, I don't know if I have enough time to do that.
But, yeah, I managed to fit it in.
So, yeah, we went for like an hour and I got to play a few things.
I think my favorite one, though, there had been Shellout Showdown, which is kind of a really quirky game.
It's really fast paced.
It's sort of a little bit like Smash Brothers in the setup that it's like a single stage.
I saw that one. I know exactly which one this is. Yeah.
But you play different vending machines or food carts or whatever.
And the object of the game is to throw all of your food to one of the other players.
Now, I can't just land on the ground.
You have to pick it up if it lands on the ground.
But you throw it into the inventory of another player and then you have to stay away from them for like five seconds or something to win the match.
And when you do that with like a couple of players, I think it's like four player co-op.
And then you can do like a bunch of CPU players as well.
It gets crazy. So I had a lot of them playing that one.
I don't remember. Oh, I also played what was the other one?
It was the cat or a cappuccino in that cappuccino.
It was the mocha mania, mocha mania.
Yeah, it's on my list, too. Yeah.
Yeah. So mocha mania is supposed to be like a Donkey Kong type of game with like a little there's a coffee that's like throwing coffee up into the air.
And you're trying to like gather like items and stuff like that to calm the coffee down.
There's like a few stages there. So that's pretty cool.
I didn't know that was actually out. I don't know if you talk to the developer at all, but that one's actually out on the trailer.
Yeah. So that's the trailer. It said it came out last year. So that's cool.
And then there was this one game that I remember was called that was like restructure or something like that.
I think it basically reboxed or something.
It kind of reminded me of like a puzzle, a first person puzzle platformer game that similar to kind of like a portal or something like that, obviously without portals.
And you pick up these different cubes that have different powers.
So as you're holding a certain cube, you have a certain power.
I was trying to figure out what was I didn't get a chance to play that game because there was always somebody on it, but it was very attractive graphically.
Yeah. Yeah, it was really cool. So my kids played that and it looked pretty neat.
And then I played cobalt tactics because it's my wife's friend's husband that's putting that out.
So I checked it out and I broke the game immediately.
It wasn't on purpose.
Well, that's the interesting thing about this showcase. It's a chance for the deal because they're all mostly local.
I mean, I noticed like Bay Area, but I would still call that relatively local ish, you know, all these developers and things that are.
But a lot of them are getting their games in front of people for the first time.
And for some, you know, because again, even events like this have been virtual for the last.
This is the first year they've done this event back in person, you know, for obvious reasons.
Right. And I know that they were doing a virtual event, but, you know, I was even talking to some of the developers about this.
It's one thing to kind of get that feedback and everybody saying, oh, great.
Yeah, looks good. You know, but then to actually see somebody playing the game and see where they struggle, see where they're thinking, see where the game's outsmarting them and all this stuff.
And most importantly, you know, where they're breaking it in ways you haven't thought of is such important, valuable feedback for these folks that are making the game.
So it's it goes with the territory.
Yeah, no, it's fine.
Yeah, it's no slight on any of the developers.
Yeah, so it was interesting.
It was pretty low key. We went, like I said, towards later in the afternoon, so it wasn't super crowded.
But I mean, they had like, you know, I was telling Brianna, I wish you'd taken Pixel Poops number two.
Yeah, I wanted to like if it was like this, just the timing wasn't good for that.
But yeah, for sure. But I wanted to like a few years ago when it was they were talking maybe of being in person, but then it was digital type of thing.
So but yeah, I would totally bring it because that'd be fun. I think people have a blast of that.
Yeah, nice. Well, let me piggyback on that, because I also went to the Capital Creative Showcase here locally, which was so those of them that have been listening to OLR a while.
So you probably have to go back definitely pre pandemic.
You need to go back to the era where we were all taping in person and we would have guests in studio.
And we a couple times had some guests from at the time it was the IGDA.
And one of those guests was Brianna that worked with the IGDA.
We've kept in touch on socials over the years. Obviously, the pandemic happened. It disrupted everything.
And along the way, just for whatever reason, I don't have all the notes behind it.
But, you know, creatively, the group here in Sacramento is now the Game Developers Collective, the GDC here in Sacramento.
So this was their event, the Capital Creative Showcase to basically showcase what the local pool of talent in the area is making.
And this is so far as like their game jams.
I think one of the big things they like to do is these progressive game jams where they kind of put a group together and they've all been working on a game collectively for the last few months.
And it's, you know, and as I was mentioning with Loki a minute ago, this is a great chance for them to get feedback and see people play their games live.
Right. But what really impressed me too, they also had folks from like high schools and colleges and the things that people make in high school today.
What? Like, yeah, but I was I was kind of reminiscing with somebody about like, OK, for and Loki, you would definitely know this one.
And Jamie, you've heard us talk enough about it. That's for sure. When we were the ones in high school, it was all ZZT.
That was the games we were making were in that game.
It was all people programming games into their graphing calculators.
Yes, graphing calculators.
Or even, you know, and I kind of look back and I go, they never taught us game development school. They didn't teach us this programming stuff at school, actually.
But I'm wrong. They often, so the times you would go to the computer lab and many of us associate it with like the Oregon Trail and Number Munchers back in the day.
We used to do like logo and the very simple programming, the turtle program. Right.
Like pan down, forward 30, right 90.
You know, it's the whole thing like draw the things that was learning programming.
But it's the bouncing ball that made music.
Yes. But we've basic or Rocky's boots, you know, a real deep cut on learning how to program.
Right. For the same people that brought you Oregon Trail.
But I digress. Like, obviously, so we've had programming in school, luckily for a while now, but obviously it's not at the same.
It wasn't at the same level then than it is now.
And the tools that, you know, Unity and.
It was funny.
Yeah, Roblox. All that is bringing a table.
I have a friend with her Fortran punch cards, laminated them and made lampshades out of them.
Yes. And unreal. Yes, that was the one that escaped my time. Thank you Akuma JP.
Pencil boxes out of three, three and a half inch floppies.
Let's see. So the other game.
So the one game that I saw all the ones you were talking about, Loki, the one I had on my list to shout out that you didn't shout out was a chess game that I saw.
It was a twist on chess called Board of the Kings.
And I was impressed by this game for two reasons.
One, I believe I picked up.
They are one of the progressive game jam groups who was put together by this association, and they've only been working on this for six months.
And I was I was very impressed at how robust their part time to because they all they all have normal lives in this game.
Game thing is part time. I was very impressed by what they put together in six months.
And basically it's, you know, it's chess, but they put a little spin on it where like you can choose a power up to bring into a chess match.
So the one I picked like was something like reverse polarity or polarity shift or something, which allows the bishop so many times a match to move up, down, left or right one square as opposed to diagonal.
So that was a power up you could bring in.
But you could also you know, you could also do a power up for your pawns.
You could do a power up for it. And they had these different things they were putting out there.
And they were talking about all these features they're looking at developing, you know, because, again, they've only been at it for six months.
But the other thing that they did different from anyone else I saw it.
I don't know if this is your experience, Loki. Again, it could be a morning versus afternoon.
I'm not saying no one else did this, but it's just something that I was like, if you're an indie game developer out there and you're going to take your game to a show and get that feedback of people playing it.
This is something that group did absolutely right. And that is they had one of their team members out there asking people to go play their game.
Because everybody else was kind of that I saw at the moment. And again, this isn't a slide on anyone.
This is just one of those like this was a this was a right move that I think a lot of folks can learn from.
One thing that they did was they had the recruiter gal was, you know, going out and very much, hey, do you want to come up and play this game?
Because a lot of times when you're at these expos, you see people that are kind of like, you know, on the computer.
But it could be the programmer that's like trying to reset the game or they're showing something to a friend or something.
You know, the thing that this person did right was they were really encouraging spectators to get in there and actually play the game and solicit that valuable feedback of a stranger playing the game.
And also, you know, you never know who it's going to be like. I'm not I'm not going to toot my own horn here.
I know this podcast is not that big a deal. We're not like a major influence or anything like that.
But here I am now talking about that game on the program when I might not have done that had I not been cordially invited to sit down and play the game.
So I just wanted to throw that out there to any potential game developer out there.
If that is something that, you know, you're looking at doing is how do you get your game out there?
If you aren't comfortable doing that, get a friend who is, because very obviously that team probably was like you.
You're really good at getting people to do that type of stuff. You're the extrovert. You do it.
And she did a great job with that. So I just want to call that out for potential other people developing their games later on.
My understanding was they also were having video game tournaments and speakers during this thing in that theater.
Remember the first year they did it there? We were there.
Yeah. And it wasn't set up when I was there. I didn't see any of that. So I missed it.
They had that tournament, but it was like over. And then we went upstairs, but there's like nothing there. So I don't know.
Yeah. So it's fine. I know it was their first year back and they're still trying to get a feel for things.
I noticed the back part where like the cafe was, was kind of unused too. And I'm sure in the future they'll want to use that space.
But, you know, again, it's the first time back. I'm very proud of, you know, what they did put together.
And I would encourage folks out there, you know, we do have listeners throughout the country and even internationally.
Chances are if you're in a major city or anywhere close to a major city, somewhere in America,
you probably have a collection of, or a collective of independent developers of your own who are putting on these type of shows for 10, 15 bucks.
I'd really encourage you to go and check out what the locals are doing. Remember, you're not going to be playing the latest and greatest Nintendo product,
but you might be seeing the next big thing. You might be looking at something where you're like,
oh, that's a fun snack cart delivery fighting game. That's awesome.
Yeah. You see neat ideas that you wouldn't have thought of before. It's just neat.
And there's some pretty polished games there. Like some of the ones we've mentioned in the past, like Monsters of the Monocles,
they had there for a few years. There is a game that came out called Black Future 88.
That's just fantastic. Yeah, check it out. That one game I was playing, yeah,
the Shellout Showdown is actually out on Steam right now. You can check it out. It's pretty awesome.
So, and they have a free demo. Free demo is good.
Yeah, lots of it, sir.
Let's see, sg100matt with an excellent point here saying,
I mean, Marble Madness was made with a small team that included Mark Cerny, who apparently was really young when he did it.
Yeah, you never know when you might be playing the next Stardew Valley or the next Five Nights at Freddy's or the next Undertale.
You know, these were all huge games created by one or maybe a very small team of people, you know.
But yeah, I just it was it was it was a good show. I had a good time.
There's also I also had on my list there were crafting tables I saw. I don't know.
I didn't see a lot of like video game related things.
I figured these were probably folks who were friends or relatives of some of the game developers who dabbled in arts and crafts.
I saw some neat stuff, though, and I was actually very happy to see that like everybody was selling like LGBTQIA++, you name it, across the spec.
Like all the tables I saw had whatever they were selling was like in rainbow or pan or ace or agender, trans, like what you name it was like available in those types of colors.
And I just it makes me so happy for the youth today that we're embracing those types of things.
The kids, they're going to be OK, but it really did.
If we can keep the old people from fucking it up.
That the truth. But yeah, it did warm my little heart.
And yeah, so yeah, again, these are probably happening in your town somewhere.
I know we can only talk about Sacramento because that's where we're based, but I'm sure these are happening in your town somewhere.
Check it out. Go play a game you've never heard of.
And if nothing else, you're giving a game developer feedback in one of the best possible ways.
So don't go in expecting a polished demo.
Things will break. But that's the point. You're there to break them and help.
I remember seeing Killer Bee when it was new.
Yeah.
Was it gamer X, wasn't it?
Mm hmm.
Yeah. And then now they're freaking everywhere.
Yeah. Killer Queen, I think, is that one, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Let's see. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says you also might meet people who get big in the industry later.
There was someone at our local indie game stuff that sounds a lot like this who then became one of the narrative designer leads for this little game called Diablo four.
Right. Why are these folks passionate about what they do?
Many of them want to turn it into careers, especially those that are coming from the high school and college.
You don't know who you might be meeting.
Yeah.
Quest Buster. Excellent point here.
Richard Garriott, aka Lord British, was still in high school when he created Akalabeth.
I think I'm saying that right. In basic, which eventually, of course, led to Ultima and, you know, the games that he got very famous for later on.
So very good point.
The folks who are responsible for bringing us Star Fox originally, you know, they they started off by doing something that no one thought could be done, which was bypassing Nintendo's
lock and making their own Game Boy dev kit and then running 3D on a Game Boy.
Yeah. Yeah.
You know, you never know. And for anyone who, you know, plays in, you know, indie games or might have developed like a little thing here and there, bring it on.
You don't know who you will be.
Yeah. Anyway, I would invite you know, I need to make it.
Now that we're coming back in person again, I need to make a note to hold an ear to the wall a little more at what some of these folks are doing, because I'd be happy to have many of them on the show.
When they have a product ready for the masses, because obviously we can't really promote something that, you know, our listenership can't really do anything about.
But like you mentioned, Loki, a lot of these games you were checking out are available on Steam or itch.io and so forth.
So, you know, why not? I love to support the indie folks.
We've we've hyped up enough of our indie friends of our own between, you know, YYR and everything that he's been doing.
Pixel Poop is number two. We, you know, we all know people that are making games and we want to we want to help them out, you know, especially when the games are something we're all very proud of.
So. All right. So props to the SAC Dev Collective and the Capital Creative Showcase.
I wish I could have stayed the whole day. What's that?
I wish I could have gone.
Yeah. Next year. Next year. We'll know next year a little more advanced notice probably that it's, you know, because I want to say when they were doing it before, it was around the tax weekend is kind of what I call this weekend.
It was around tax or I guess I should say Jamie's birthday week. It was around Jamie's birthday week every year.
And really, I'm just waiting for someone to make a game of me.
Well, I mean, you got your dream games, Jamie. YYR made Bungie Verit tossing a reality. So I get a little greedy over there.
I need to star in a game. I think that I now in my in my not Twilight years have earned my place where we need Orange Nails Radio the game.
What would you we had Orange Nails Radio the game somebody made a text adventure way back in the day. Remember?
I'm meaning I mean that we have to have like a full on RPG.
Where we have to battle obscurity and bills.
What would happen in your game? What would happen? What would your superpower be in the Jamie video game?
Spite.
Spite?
Spite.
I would I would have the power of spite.
It's a powerful thing.
Where I could do where I could do something someone said I couldn't do.
I will point this out, like in all seriousness, you know, something that I'm constantly reminded, I thought we were done with this topic, but we're not.
And that's but that's OK, because this is this is a positive. This is truly a net positive talking about this local and indie game development.
One thing that I often forget is that even if you're not interested in programming or you don't think you can program or you don't want to program, there's still probably a space in game development for you somewhere.
Built into Epic or into Unreal and into Unity.
That's block based coding that you can do.
You don't even need to know programming language.
You can do that.
Yes.
I'm thinking about I'm thinking about Dark Sakura does music.
She creates music for her streams.
Right.
And I was overhearing the conversation.
I was overhearing conversation for one of the game developers about outsourced music that they were doing for their game.
And I was like, oh, you know, they got to do what they got to do to get what they need for their game.
But, you know, it just kind of shows like, oh, maybe if they were able to connect with some local musicians who might I'm not saying I'm not volunteering Dark Sakura for that, but I'm using her as an example of you might not know where the musical talent is around here locally.
So even folks who aren't necessarily interested in the programing, if you're interested in art, if you're interested in hell, just testing, for God's sake, writing your story goes into this.
I know this is something the chess game was working on is that they're going to be making a whole narrative around it and all that, which I don't want to keep calling it the chess game.
I want to I want to give it its its real do.
I know they were RP Chess on Twitter was their handle.
But this was there's there's room for all sorts of different creative stuff within game development.
To work with people and and make like, I mean, I'm not good for more than just little little loops.
You know, that's kind of my jam and some like I have a MIDI keyboard, but I can't play piano.
But I can type out a rhythm and then go into Logic Pro and adjust the MIDI to be the right notes and velocity and whatnot.
So, I mean, and I I've done plenty of creative writing.
You know, I would love to come up with a concept and have somebody execute it for me.
All right. Now, now it's out there in the universe.
All right. Well, let's move on for now.
We've got to speak in the industry.
We've got to talk about what's going on in the larger worldwide game industry with the week's news.
We've had a lot of things going on this week.
So let's get to Loki continuing on with another Nintendo story, right?
Yep. So we talked last week how Nintendo was coming after Point Crow for the Zelda Breath of the Wild mods that he was showcasing, the multiplayer mod.
Now they're coming after his channel for any mods he has, because he's done a lot of different mods for Breath of the Wild and other games.
And they have been copyright claiming all of them.
Somebody stocked the kitchen at Nintendo with lots of petty crocker.
Even stuff that has nothing to do with modified gameplay.
It just may sound like it's modded. Then they're claiming that as well, which I don't think that's right.
But yeah, so they, of course, Point Crow put out a video or put out a video about the whole situation as well.
And also tweeted that just put out a video going over the takedowns that Nintendo of America has issued on my YouTube channel.
Please go give it a watch. It's incredibly important.
And he also asked for, you know, please remove these strikes and claims or at least start a dialogue with us so we can all move forward with excitement.
I'm sure you'd love to see that about your now that lawyers don't care.
I mean, honestly, like they're just going to make all the bad decisions that they want.
There's another content creator as well.
Croton, who has they said Nintendo's new 10 of my streams and two of my videos off the face of the platform.
No answer, no context, just copyright removal.
And one of these videos has literally nothing to do with mods.
It's a simply Zelda challenge run.
So, yeah, some intern somewhere is flagging these without watching them, apparently, too.
So that that great use of our copyright system that it can be weaponized like this by companies and corporations because they have lawyers and they can do that kind of stuff.
So that's fun thing.
And to go along with that, a completely different story.
You may remember there was that whole art book that leaked for Tears of a Kingdom, and apparently it came from a Discord channel.
And so now Nintendo has decided to subpoena Discord to try to identify the person who leaked the information.
Discord's not having a good week in the leaks department, are they?
They are not.
But I think this is the minor of the two.
They're well within their rights on something like this.
I mean, I can't fault them for that.
It's just ridiculous.
I mean, like, yeah, I get it like that.
They can come.
But like, what harm did it really do aside from like, I don't know, it's just silly, but whatever.
How many people who would have bought that book aren't buying it now because it's out there for free?
It would depend on the quality.
It was an art book that was part of a collector's edition, I think.
Well, on top of that, too, you know, if you've got the artwork for it, what incentive are you going to have to pay the extra money to get the collector's edition?
How do people buy collector's editions?
I think people would have bought the collector's edition even if the art book leaked.
I mean, they still are, obviously.
No one's canceling because they're like, oh, I've seen all the artwork now.
I mean, you're going to play the game.
You're going to see all the artwork anyways.
I would agree Nintendo's within their rights to do what they need to do here because this is a little more of a straight up copyright crime, whereas the other one I'm not on their side with.
The mods and that stuff.
But for for artwork, especially as an artist myself, you know, if any of my work that I had intended on putting out there to make money with was, you know, being traded without my permission, then, yeah, I'd go, you know, do anything that I could to get it back.
I mean, prevent other people from, you know, taking it outside of its intended use.
For sure. And I get that. And we just have to see where it leaked from because if it was from a retailer, which to my question of you, like, why are you shipping the art books that damn early? Like, that doesn't make any sense whatsoever.
And I do understand that is that how much of this is Nintendo's own kind of carelessness, right?
I mean, it could be a printer or something, I would think that's pretty easy to track at that point. Yeah, who, who leaked it? It's not like, Oh, I don't know who leaked it. Like, like, you have a chain of custody for that kind of stuff, you know, okay, well, you know, obviously, they're not shipping the art book, like months early. That's not a thing that happens.
So it, it would be interesting to see, like, I mean, sure, yeah, we could get down to like, figure out who exactly did it. But like, I don't know, I don't think you even need the subpoena discord for it. But sure. I mean, subpoena, whatever. I mean, you'll have the IP, I guess, and their email address, probably the name, maybe.
Well, it is worth pointing out that there was also, you know, kind of, I guess the final Tears of the Kingdom trailer or, you know, latest major trailer for the game that also released this week that shows a little bit of voice acting out. It was a really good trailer, I gotta say I was a little like kind of thrown like, Whoa, Zelda's actually voice acted. That's
I mean, the last one was too.
I just don't I don't mind. It's been so long as I played that game. I don't even remember it. Like I'm so used to Nintendo not doing that. You know what I mean?
Blood moon rises.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, there was plenty of dialogue in that game. There was the the king and there was Yeah.
It was impressive to see, you know, Chris Pratt really take on the role of Princess Zelda. I wouldn't think he had it in him. But like, I was very impressed by that.
I liked the memes I started seeing on Twitter right after that, that were things like me whenever I scan a QR code, and it's just the little video where the Zelda's going link. I don't know, things like that are really funny to me. Maybe I'm just entering my full dad era, but whatever. All right.
One of my favorite YouTubers, Zeltik, did a full breakdown. But I had to leave feedback on it because he was confusing the concept of a gachapon and a pachinko machine.
As like, the little things full of balls. There's not pachinko. Those are gachapon. Get it right, dude.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, Zelda was not the only game to get a deep dive trailer this week. We also had the latest Final Fantasy 16. So PlayStation actually did an entire state of play for Final Fantasy 16.
And they were actually showing the latest and greatest going on in this game, which includes a deep dive on how some of the icon battles would work in this game, which really looked like they were doing some different types of genres really within this.
One of the frickin' icon that's basically summons, one of the fights in that really looked like Rez or something was like the game you were playing there.
So I'm very curious how diverse and how interesting these types of mini games are that they put in there.
So yeah, they talked also a little bit about Clive's Hideout, which was supposed to be the base camp that's in the game that showed the footage, you know, about preparing for upcoming battles.
It had a little crafting system or training. There was like a training system that was in there as well.
It's confirmed that the hunt board, you might remember that from Final Fantasy 12. It was in various other games. There's a version of it in 14 as well.
The hunt board is back and you can hunt mobs in the game as well.
They talked a little bit again about some of the combat changes and the accessories that you can equip to make combat a little bit easier if you need it.
And again, I think this was cleared up a couple weeks ago, but if you missed it, the reason why you have five items and three slots is because some of the items you have like a stronger version.
So you don't need more than three slots because like, for example, one item slows down the dodge rate so that it makes dodges a little more accessible.
The other one removes dodging altogether. So there's no need to have both equipped.
So just because that was the thing that came out when that was first announced is why can you only equip some of them? Well, that's why.
So just make it a menu instead of like an equipped. I don't know. It seems like ridiculous.
I'm OK with it. I like that they did it so that the interface actually says right there, very tiny in the corner, if you're using those types of mods or not.
So people that are like, you know, watching your stream and what have you can kind of know exactly like, you know, if you're actually using those mods or not, because those icons light up that show the various mods.
I thought that was kind of interesting. So what they didn't really get into much was more of like kind of the role play elements, which they said they were going to do in April at some point.
I didn't really get a sense a lot of that with the story and everything. Apparently, there's also supposed to be some type of end game mechanic, which is interesting because I don't usually think of an end game loop and Final Fantasy games that are not MMOs.
So I'm very curious what that's going to entail in this game. And apparently we're going to get a deep dive on that a little bit later on as well.
So bringing the weapons back.
Yeah, I mean, I guess that was an end game grind and things like Final Fantasy 7, like Emerald Weapon and stuff. But yeah, I mean,
What do you mean end game? I did that halfway through the damn game.
I was already sold on this game anyway the minute I heard that Creative Business Unit 3 was making it.
But this just definitely I was like, OK, yeah, this looks great. I cannot wait to check this game out. Absolutely, absolutely.
But Rob, they can't make it diverse.
That's a problem. I mean, it is it is absolutely a problem. And, you know, I kind of went into I think it's a sign of a bigger problem.
But the way that certainly this that issue was responded to was not done well. And I got nothing. That's all I can say on that.
They they should. Yes, they needed to answer that question a lot better. And yeah, so.
Yeah, I kind of have no interest in it because of that.
I was hoping that they might have some more diverse voice actors, but they haven't really announced who they are yet.
Some people are figuring it out based on some of the clips that we've seen, but I don't believe we've had the official announcements as of just yet.
So we'll wait on that, I guess. I could be wrong, though.
Let's see. Other comments in chat. Bobby Blackwolf says, I'm hoping the color palette gets a bit lighter.
I'm tired of drab gray medieval settings. That's why I didn't get Stranger at Paradise.
So I don't know. I actually Stranger at Paradise.
I really like the demo. Stranger at Paradise I didn't want to pay full price for. I think it's down to 40.
I'll probably get it when it comes down a little bit cheaper, but we'll see.
So I don't know how I feel about it still.
You know, I I'll be honest, I haven't been really excited about a Final Fantasy game in a long time.
Like, not even the seven remake, 15 was completely unappealing to me because, I mean, I just saw a lot of bro dudes.
No, there was there was nothing really that appealed to me yet.
I think that the the series has lost some charm.
It really it really has to me.
I didn't love 15, but I didn't think it was the worst.
But I think I think it was kind of a mistake to pivot that the way that they did ever in the first place anyway.
But it is what it is. This game to me looks like it's going to be better than 15, which isn't a high bar.
But I have faith it's going to probably be a solid middle of the pack Final Fantasy game.
And, you know, I I always get into these games from the pixel remasters.
The old games are finally coming out on PlayStation Switch this week, actually.
So that's also very exciting. I'm excited to revisit a lot of those classics.
So I think that's all I want to say about that for now.
I'm sure we'll see more teasers for that game because that game's only two months away.
It's wild to think that we've got some big stuff coming up.
But yeah, summer's almost upon us. All right.
Moving on, Dark Sakura. So back to the Sony dramas and a U.S.
senator who is big surprise Republican.
Send a letter to Sony actually directly to the CEO Yoshida Kinichiro, quote,
regarding its anti-competitive behavior and to request information on the company's acquisition agreements.
So basically some of the quotes on here is he wanted to express concern about Sony's efforts to protect its gaming console business from competition.
And then, quote, I am concerned Sony's dominance of that market and its efforts to perpetuate its current position imperils an important economic development opportunity for North Dakota.
He's the North Dakota Republican dude.
And so the things that he's requested are for unredacted copies of all agreements that give Sony an exclusive right to distribute a third party game.
All agreements between Sony and third party publishers that prevent them from releasing their games on other systems.
All internal company documents describing the strategic rationale for Sony's decision to acquire Bungie.
All correspondence with the U.S. government or regulatory agencies relating to video game competition.
And I mean, he's just one more out of.
I mean, there were there were four other Republicans and six other Democrats that were accusing Sony of deliberately making exclusivity deals with third party publishers to make sure that Microsoft doesn't get a foothold in Japan.
I will go ahead and say that I don't think many people were very interested in Xbox anyway.
That has nothing to do with it, but whatever.
There are also letters that asked U.S. trade representative Catherine Tai and Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo to raise the issue with Japan when they go for trade talks.
But that basically the claim is that it's putting Microsoft at a disadvantage.
So I don't know.
But that's that's one of the big ones lately.
But I mean, keep in mind that corporations work quite a bit differently there than here.
And they may have a completely legal like it may be perfectly legal there.
I mean, I don't know what.
I don't know what we can do about practices in Japan.
Yeah, no, totally. It is it is very strange, but it's also it's also so weird on the heels of how much Sony has been coming out after Microsoft.
It's so weird because it almost seems like that has been what's had the effect of suddenly now retaliation is what it is.
It is odd. But, you know, it's also, you know, last time or the last couple of weeks we brought this up that, you know, Congress was getting it was the senator from Washington who is getting campaign donations from Microsoft.
But now you're talking about comments from a senator in North Dakota, not exactly known for its tech industry.
So it's interesting that it's kind of spreading.
But yeah, I wonder what lobbies have contacted him.
Yeah, yeah, true. I'm sure.
But I follow the money.
I just. Yeah. What are they going to be able to do about things in Japan?
But I on one hand, I'm going to say that I think a lot of the ways Sony has been attacking the Microsoft merger has been bullshit.
And I think in some ways, yeah, this is a little bit retaliation for that is like, hey, not everything you're doing is pretty cute either.
So on the one hand, the only thing that kind of encourages me about this is I'm like, oh, that Activision Blizzard Microsoft merger is almost sure to go through.
And look, say what you will about that deal. I understand.
If there's no place for Bobby Kotick in the future of Microsoft after this merger, I am fully supportive of it.
That is that is priority number one, priority number one in the gaming industry right now.
Remove Bobby Kotick. That should be priority number one in the entire industry.
Going back to what Ikuma says, Ikuma JP in chat.
Now, Japan sales are low because Microsoft kills the product too soon.
It does make me think of Scalebound. You know, that was supposed to be the big, you know, one of the big titles for Microsoft that, you know, was going to be the Platinum Games was involved that.
And then it just kind of was quietly killed in the middle of the night.
Yeah, well, and the other thing, too, like I said, you know, like, for example, we have a business.
Well, one of the business laws is that a company like stays more specialized within its its department.
Like, for example, when we think Mitsubishi over here, what do we think of?
The car.
Yeah, but they also make aluminum siding and pencils.
OK, I get you.
So over here, well, actually, I think in general now is that like a lot of their art supplies are under a different name, but it's all going back to the same place.
It's just, you know, the legalities are are just they're they're different.
Ikuma JP kind of continuing that analogy, saying like, if Google made a new app, would you use it?
You know, it'll die as soon as you get used to it.
Kind of like I guess Microsoft has a similar reputation over there, that Google is really cementing for itself here after what happened with Stadia, quite honestly, among a variety of other Google products over the years.
Well, I have to for this.
So no, I know.
And honestly, though, I'm kind of glad because I like GeForce better.
All right. Well, sadly, one game you won't be playing on GeForce is our next topic because it's going to be ending.
Right, Logie? Not GeForce, but this game.
Yes.
So unfortunately, the kind of really awesome media molecule sandbox game Dreams is coming to an end.
So it came out four years ago on the PlayStation four, and they're going to be ending live support for Dreams on September 1st because the team is moving on to an exciting new project.
Well, at least that's good.
So with that says, we know this won't be an easy message for everyone here and certainly not been an easy decision.
Dreams has been a special project for Media Molecule and helping this community of game developers, tinkerers, creatives and collaborators and dreamers grow and express themselves remains one of the best things we've ever done.
Thank you for being a part of it with us, and we look forward and join us in our next adventure and basically said that there was not a sustainable path for Dreams, and they had to make the decision to change the product strategy.
I think you could still play the game offline, though, but yeah, right now it's they're going to be dropping the storage limit, I guess, online to five gigabytes and one gigabyte locally.
Hmm, I know this game definitely had like its fan base of people and you know, the types of things that they were making it this is very rich, robust type of you know, development system, especially for console.
So I mean, seeing it and like, you know, obviously a lot of these online games and eventually, but I guess maybe it's a little bit surprising because I still feel like many people were discovering this through the PlayStation five and that sort of thing.
So I'm just I'm a little bit.
It seems early, I don't know, but maybe the game didn't get as big as they hope, but I think I think they launched it weird.
I don't think they ever marketed it appropriately.
Mark, it was such a niche thing.
Like, I think there was a lot of sloppy things on the discovery front that they could have done a lot better, quite honestly.
I mean, there's a lot that they've done.
Like, I think like people were even like taking like little big planet and doing crazy things with that as well.
So like, yeah, I think that they probably need the market to better at least like maybe showcase some of the things that people are making that were really cool.
I'm sure some of it is like, you know, kind of skirting copyright a bit.
But, you know, it still would have been interesting to see, you know, something like, hey, look at this cool game that someone made.
Like it's a first person shooter or hey, this is a racing game. It's amazing looking, you know, some of that stuff.
But it's pretty quiet. I mean.
I think I feel like they were relying on the social media and the media to highlight a lot of those things for them when a lot of those, you know, unique things would come out.
But you're right, that stuff that would gain that type of traction was almost always skirting the copyright line or just blatantly passing it.
Yeah. So there were some like really cool things that were just like, you know, recreations of like some of the stuff that you could do.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Yeah. It's. It's unfortunate, I guess.
Yeah. I guess it also feels like a bummer because there's not really a successor in this arena because, you know, we know of yet.
Yeah, there could be something in the future. Who knows? But, you know, the last little big planet game they made was that Sackboy Big Adventure, which, by the way, just went on PlayStation Plus.
So if you haven't checked it out yet and you have that, it's worth looking at. I played a little bit of it, but it's not LittleBigPlanet like with the creator mode in it, though.
But it's, you know, it's kind of like imagining what might LittleBigPlanet look like in 3D, but there's no creation mode. It's just here's what the single player campaign might look like.
Yeah.
Yeah. So that's interesting. All right. Well, talking about games that just came out this last week, this one, I wish I had enough time to play everything because I'd like to check this game out.
And that's Tron Identity. Tron Identity came out on the Switch this past week on April 11th. The developer of the game was Biffle Games.
That is the only game that we know that they're working on for now. But there was an internal Disney interview. This was from D23. That's why they call it an internal Disney interview.
They talked to Tron Identity producer Heidi Vargas. Now, there's no specifics, but there is this very interesting quote.
Tron Identity is the start of Biffle Games collaboration with Disney on Tron dedicated games. Players can expect more Tron titles to come in the future. So perhaps...
There's another movie.
Well, I wish they would. That movie's been stop and go for forever. Yeah.
I know. But well, but now, you know, at least to Disney's credit, at least they finally opened that ride. Had a, I think had a soft opening at Disney World because I know I've had friends that have been on it.
So it's it's so because Tron's in the parks now, they do have an interest because that means merchandising, merchandising, right?
So they have an interest in bringing Tron back up to the front and trying to get some of that sweet merchandise that goes with the gift shop as you exit the ride. Right.
Which, heaven help me the day I walk in there. Heaven help my ass the day I ride that ride and walk into the gift shop when I disembark the ride. Like, yikes.
And you you both are screwed, too, and you know it. That's why that's that's why we've got to stay the hell out of Florida for a multitude of reasons.
But that that is. Yeah.
Bought Tron merch at Disneyland this last year, so. Yeah.
Looney Bard says your ass will thank you since your wallet will take over.
And I guess it's all in the card now as to what Matt says. Yeah, I want that Tron merch.
Yep. Bobby Blackwell said the official open to the ride was April 4th. So there it is. The ride is officially official now. So.
I think I have a pin trading pin from Shanghai for the Tron ride.
Oh, nice. Nice. Someone sent me.
All right. Well, let's go to Dark Soccer for our next story. A very different type of note, but an interesting little aside.
Just, you know, I love little like people stories, I guess. And so there's an online jigsaw site called I'm a Puzzle.
They analyzed gaming related search terms to find the state that had the most interest in video games.
And apparently it was Nevada that took the top spot at seven thousand six hundred and fifty eight average monthly gaming related searches per one hundred thousand population.
So the most search terms in the state were PS5, Steam and Nintendo Switch. Right before them were Georgia and New York.
The least interested was Hawaii.
I guess when the weather's beautiful, it's in Hawaii all the time.
Of course, this was the same one that I showed you the story man arrested after gun found in quesadilla.
And I'm like, are you trying to show up, Florida?
Yeah. And I believe my response was what I what is Chipotle putting in their stuff now?
I know they put a variety of strange things in there sometimes, but my gosh.
But at any rate.
Yeah, I can imagine.
There's a lot of very remote parts of Nevada, so not to say it's the only state that has a lot of remote parts, because most of the people live, you know, obviously does Las Vegas.
Yeah, sure. Any state, I guess, does Las Vegas, Henderson or Reno, Truckee, Carson City.
Those are kind of like your big populated areas in Nevada, but the rest that's a big state.
So I can see why people because it gets it gets very hot in Nevada and the weather's not nearly what Hawaii gets for weather.
So I can see why people stay inside and play video games, for sure. But it is it is interesting.
I would have thought California are one of the more, you know, tech embracing states.
Hawaii has also been having a big problem with unemployment. I'm just going to throw that out there with just some of the changes going on.
I was actually watching a documentary about it not long ago.
So but it's also a mostly a lot of the commerce is from the tourist industry.
Sure.
So, I mean, yeah, people want to play games, but that's not, I think, the source of attention for for, you know, the majority, at least of the more highly populated areas.
Well, and then the effect that pandemic lockdowns had on all that tourism, you know.
They had it bad.
Yeah, of course. Yeah. So I remember Hawaii kind of had to come up with their own sort of system to try to get people to come back like, you know, the tourist rules there and they were doing what they could do.
So it's yeah, but.
All right. But I mean, when you're when you're an island, you're going to have a harder time managing, you know, treading water like that.
Yeah, for sure.
All right. Well, let's move on.
Logie.
All right. So this is interesting.
We talked about a little bit how Nintendo is cracking down on people using their IP for things.
Well, now it's kind of the reverse. So we have Bethesda and all the scrolls online, kind of stealing someone's fan art and using it in game.
So there was a there was a character skin called Mercy Mother's Body Art.
And if you look at the skin, you can see that the face and the head have basically the artwork from this guy, Dave, who had his basically artwork stolen from I don't remember which site it was on, but DeviantArt maybe or something like that.
And oh, no, it was on his Tumblr. OK, so he had that appear in game.
And then, of course, you know, the old scrolls online or Bethesda came out on their Twitter accounts that we are aware of the situation with the ESO fan art or fan artists.
It was never our intention to include any community fan art without proper credit.
We were in contact with the artists and we'll work with them to make sure that there is a proper resolution.
So funny how like, you know, that they decide that they're oh, we're going to work it out, we're going to work it out.
But when it when it comes to like, like, say, if I'm making something with Bethesda's IP, oh, they're going to send the lawyers.
So, so interesting that they're willing to settle it with the fans, you know, amicably if it's their bad.
But like, if it's anybody else, let's just send the lawyers after them.
So weird how that works in the corporate world.
And then some places just like, OK, we'll just pay you off and that's it.
And it sucks because there's no one out there to really represent the little creators out there, for lack of a better term, when we know that, you know, all of these big video game companies tend to be extremely litigious.
You know, it does really suck about our legal system is that who's advocating for the little guy in these situations?
And there are companies out there who just make their habit of it, like, for example, Dolls Kill.
They have stolen artwork, they've stolen products from independent makers.
That's why I don't give them any fucking money.
There also is, you know, like I like I don't know if I ever told you about my my friend in Australia.
We were both Homestuck fans and I was wandering around in this Russian grocery store out in Citrus Heights by the Eco Thrift.
And I happened to see Homestuck artwork, clearly fan art, on the front page of a Russian publication.
So I took it and image searched and I found her and I said, I found your artwork being used by this company.
She's like, yeah, someone else has told me, but I sent her the book so she could have it.
And we've been friends ever since.
Yeah, but but at any rate, she's got a cute kiddo.
But at any rate, though, it's just it's not isolated to the video game industry.
The movie industry does it all the time.
Clothing companies do it all the time and they have the the legal guns to be able to defend themselves or even try to turn it around.
You know, say, oh, well, this is artwork of our property, of our intellectual property.
So. It's it's just disrespectful, but they do it for money.
That's it. Money is is they don't they don't care what they have to do, if it's the least amount of work for the most amount of profit.
SSJ100 Matt reminding us of a classic story in the same vein here.
Remember when they made Okami for Wii, they used an IGN screenshot from their site for the box art.
Granted, this isn't the same, but it's it's a funny case of big company being lazy and grabbing an image from somewhere because they're lazy.
So too much right click, save power.
Yeah, I think it's person needed artwork in a hurry for ad, you know, and given deadline and no oversight.
This is why you have someone with your company who will check your art sources and make sure everything is cool before it goes out, just for purposes like that.
Mm hmm. You know. It's ridiculous.
All right. Well, this next story is firmly in the rumor department, but there's reasons for it.
Usually we're talking about rumors, not because my uncle who works at such and such company said so, but because there are certain stars aligning in a certain way.
And this has to do with the potential new Contra game from way forward.
And this is interesting because it's just I feel like there's been just a lot of buzz with Konami like these last few months just between their Silent Hill Direct.
What we know is happening. We see CODEN.
We had the story last week about they've reopened of sorts in office.
So they seem to be definitely planting a foot forward back into game development.
So couple that with LinkedIn, which is also always a very interesting source of these sorts of things.
A way forward employee on LinkedIn had a profile that said they developed gameplay, meta design, narrative and characters for a historic shooter property.
So that says that they're working on a game that belongs to it.
I mean, that could still be a lot of things.
But the description of the game says it's an unannounced triple A shooter of an existing franchise with four distinct gameplay styles, including run and gun, top down shooter, shmup and rail gun.
Which again, are all things that Konami and Contra have delved in at some point.
So this does seem to indicate, you know, and again, WayForward actually did Contra 4 back in 2007 for the Nintendo DS.
This wouldn't be the first time WayForward has worked with Konami if this is true.
But the fact that here we are now, God, what 15 years later and potentially something new is coming out of it.
That's that's pretty interesting, but certainly probably going to be better received than Contra hardcore.
Sorry, Dark Tetsuya, I know you were a fan of that game, but most of the Internet was not on that one.
So we'll see.
But WayForward usually does some pretty solid stuff and Contra 4 was was good.
So, yeah, I'd be I'd be very curious to see what they come up with if this is true.
So. All right.
Well, I know we've talked a little bit about Contra, one classic franchise.
But here on the show every week, we like to celebrate all sorts of classic franchises or games in a segment we call Classic Game of the Week.
And so I should turn it over to the Segway.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
All right, Dark Sakura, what did you pick for the game tonight?
The game I chose is Galaxy Fraulein Yuna, or as it's known, Genga Ojosama Densetsu Yuna, which I've actually done a game in the series before, sort of in the series that had been included partly in the series anyway.
Because I did Sapphire before, remember?
But Galaxy Fraulein Yuna originated in 1992 when Red Company, the creators, in association with Hudson Soft, reached out to Akitaka Mika to create a video game for the PC Engine Super CD.
As an established artist and a mechanical designer, also working on the Mobile Suit Gundam anime titles, including Zeta Gundam, War in the Pocket, and Stardust Memory, they were chosen to be a part of it.
And so Hudson Soft released Galaxy Fraulein Yuna in Japan in 1992 with Akitaka Mika as the character designer and writer.
So the origins of Yuna are in Akitaka's MS Girls artwork, which features in many anime-related magazines during the late 1980s and early 1990s, with MS starting for Mobile Suit.
And it was pretty girls dressed in Gundam-style armor.
And Yuna was an evolution from that artwork.
In fact, some of the characters in the worldwide merchandise division, 2001, of Le MS Girls, they bore huge resemblance to characters from the Yuna universe.
And at Anime Expo 1998, I think I went to that one.
Akitaka explained that Yuna began when the producer at the Red Company had him design a shoot-up game featuring a character based on his Gundam F91 girl, and it ended up becoming a visual novel instead.
But that concept of the shooter is what became Gengafuke Densetsu Sapphire, which I've done before. I love Sapphire.
At any rate, the series became very popular very quickly and has led to so many different spin-offs.
So we're going to go a little bit more into what the origin of the character in her universe is like.
So it stars a girl named Kagurazaka Yuna, who kind of has that whole Usagi trope about her, except she's a bit smarter and more coordinated.
But she is the winner of an interstellar beauty contest, and she's a teen celebrity, an idol singer, even before she gets to be the savior of light, who is a magical girl that has to save the entire universe from the forces of darkness. No pressure.
She's a model and an actress.
Exactly. But there's a lot. There's a lot. And it was funny, I actually was getting some information off the TV Tropes website, and there's a lot of tropes that get touched.
Anywho, going back. So the games that existed, we start off with the original Galaxy Fraulein Yuna for PC Engine Super CD-ROM 2 in 1982.
And it was the first Yuna work officially released to the public. And then there was Galaxy Fraulein Yuna 2 Eternal Princess for PC Engine Super CD-ROM in 1985.
There was Galaxy Fraulein Yuna FX for the PC-FX in 1996. There was Yuna Remix for Sega Saturn in 1996, which was an updated re-release of the original 1992 game.
It had improved graphics and new animated cutscenes, and the game was released in both a normal and collector's edition that had many omake items.
You know, omake is like bonus, like how my Cardcaptor Sakura set came with all that shit.
Oh yes.
There was also Galaxy Fraulein Yuna 3 Lightning Angel for Sega Saturn in 1997.
Galaxy Fraulein Yuna 3 Final Edition for PlayStation in 1998, which is a port of Lightning Angel with enhanced graphics and bonus content.
There was Galaxy Fraulein Yuna Collection for PSP, PlayStation Portable, in 2008.
It had an unenhanced port of the first two games, along with Sapphire on one disk.
And it had an image gallery, but there were no enhancements from the PC Engine versions.
There were also two Sega Saturn disks called Mika Akitaka Illustrated Works Volumes 1 and 2, released in 1986 and 1997 respectively.
And these were software that weren't true games, but collections of artwork, music, and digital omake.
Also in 1997, there were two computer software packages, the Galaxy Fraulein Yuna Hybrid Collection and the Visual Soundtrack, with the former being PC-related omake like desktop wallpaper, cursors, screensavers.
I have a Street Fighter Alpha 2 one like that for the record.
And then the latter is music clips with like a slideshow video.
And then while most of the games are of a visual novel, there are combat scenes that are sort of turn-based role-playing game style.
And Yuna 3 incorporates like a 3D isometric tactical view that puts the combat like a tactical RPG.
And also Yuna is a secret unlockable character in Saturn Bomberman.
So, there's more!
Because remember, we had, was it Tetsuya that said this was a game?
Yes, this was a game.
There were also two Yuna anime series.
So the first was Galaxy Fraulein Yuna Siren Sadness, which is a two-part OAV, translated and released in the West as Galaxy Fraulein Yuna.
It follows the plot of the Yuna FX video game, and the opening sequence is identical except for the title card.
And it's portrayed as a comedy.
The second was Galaxy Fraulein Yuna The Abyssal Fairy, which is a three-episode OAV.
And it was released as Galaxy Fraulein Yuna Returns or Dawn of Dark Sisters.
It doesn't duplicate any video game content, but chronologically it takes place before the first, after the first OAV, but before Yuna 3.
And it's a darker story.
But it's mostly action drama.
And then there were the CD and music releases.
So much music.
And there's even a radio show that ended up getting released as three separate CDs.
Of course, drama CDs and everything.
And a whole cast of characters.
But it's that ultimate 90s style with the huge ass hair and the eyes the size of manhole covers.
So there you go.
Rama in chat is mentioning that he bought that anime when he came out to visit.
I was there, I do believe.
But I have like a couple of laser discs, I think, that I've acquired just from five dollar laser disc bins.
So, but I do have Sapphire, which, you know, was inspired by the original request for the game.
And I actually think I have the Galaxy Fraulein collection for PSP.
Not that I've actually played the games, but I knew of the games before I knew of the anime.
Funny how that works sometimes.
I've been into PC Engine games for a while.
There it is, the classic game of the week.
Darsakha, you're going to have to read that name one more time because I will butcher it.
Galaxy Fraulein Yuna.
It's German.
Oh, I thought I had a whole subtitle to it as well, okay.
Well, I mean, there was the, hold on, I'll get to it.
It was, I just had it a second ago.
Oh yeah, it was, it was like Genga Densetsu Fraulein Yuna, something like that.
I mean, it's like, what is it, Galaxy Legend Fraulein Yuna.
But yeah, anyway, but yeah, it's, it's definitely a big staple, I would say.
All right, thanks for sharing it with us.
Because I have to admit, not one I'm super familiar with or know much about.
But that's, I like to learn things here on OLR, don't we all?
I haven't gone obscure in a while, so at least as far as obscure in North America.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
All right, well, before we get into some rapid fire news, I just want to point out,
so earlier we were talking about like the Tron ride and all that stuff and the merchandising.
Merchandising.
Yes, exactly.
So there was a link to Disney Food Blog, I guess.
I don't think this is official.
I think this is some fan thing.
But SJ100Matt actually sent this to us.
I'm actually looking at some of the merchandise that's available.
And the very first thing I saw, the light up jacket with the shoulder cutouts, which
is very interesting, kind of that style.
The Coro one.
Yeah, 100 bucks for that, but it lights up.
That's why.
You can also get one that's all together like a normal type of hoodie for $100 as well,
because the light up stuff is cool.
Now they sell these Tron identity discs with a Bluetooth speaker in them.
I remember the one I got in Electronica.
They had those at Disneyland.
They just made the-
They're selling them.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, they're when you get off of...
Actually, they're at the Star Trader.
I was going to say, I bet a lot of these do make their way over to Disneyland as well.
If nothing else, that gigantic World of Disney store usually almost has everything.
But yeah, they have some other various shirts, a little remote control light cycle, which
I thought was funny.
Otherwise, some shirts and things.
I like the water bottle.
I'll probably get the light up jacket.
I mean, I did pay 75 bucks to get a Hawkeye jacket.
This also interacted with the ride somehow, I think.
Oh, probably.
Yeah, because they just say they're Tron identity chips.
Yeah.
But the water bottles light up too.
That cracked me up.
And then you can even get little picture frames that say Tron.
All right.
Anyway, I'm going to stop giving Disney free advertising, but I'm sorry.
Tron just strikes a particular nerd nerve with me as I think that is true for all of
us.
You say Tron and we all go, huh?
So it's just, here's what it is.
You know what I found the other day organizing, Rob?
My Kubrick Tron figures.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, the four pack.
And then I got a shirt at...
Crap.
What was that store at downtown Disney called that had the expensive Disney shit?
Oh God.
Yeah.
I can't remember, but I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
But I have a Tron shirt from there with a yellow light cycle.
And actually it was Chris that bought it for me.
Oh, some comments in chat.
Bobby Blackwell is pointing out, we didn't talk about the action figure that you put
your face on.
That came up in a previous episode.
I know we talked about it already, but yes, that's another thing.
I need this in my life.
Yeah.
Taking the lightsaber thing a step further.
You can actually build your own Tron action figure that's yourself.
There you go, Dark Sakura.
You can put yourself in Tron.
And it comes in an arcade cabinet.
See, I cannot go to Disney World.
I will be broke.
It's a problem.
All right.
Let's travel around the industry real fast and check out some rapid fire news and some
other things that are going on that are worth our attention.
Loki, we'll go to you.
Yes, I'm always excited to talk about the power washing simulator universe.
Hell yeah.
And we got some roadmaps for 2023 coming to us from Future Lab, the developers of the
game.
So, of course, they're talking about some of the things that are coming soon.
And then, of course, all throughout the end of the year, starting off, they're going to
be adding a brand new 1.2 patch, which adds additional jobs and updates some of the older
ones.
They're going to be doing some – and that's coming actually in two days, so April 18th.
And then they're going to do a seasonal free content – they're going to have paid DLC
and seasonal free content that's throughout the year, as well as exciting news in quarter
three as well.
Sequel?
Sequel, maybe?
So, that'll be coming later on.
But yeah, the free content is cool.
I will definitely pick up the paid content, too, because I really like that game.
Along with that, of course, there's going to be – Tekken 8 is expected to support
cross-play for the first time, so you'll be able to mix PlayStation, PC, and Xbox all
together.
That's pretty cool.
Pretty exciting.
Awesome.
DarkSaga?
So, surprising nobody.
The Mario movie has surpassed $500 million globally, and it is officially the biggest
video game adaptation.
Well, mostly.
It actually surpassed the other highest grossing film of 2023 so far, which was Ant-Man and
the loss of Quantumania.
So, it is actually way ahead of other movies that were – well, first of all, I don't
know how Warcraft made what it did, but it exceeded Warcraft, which made $439,048,914,
which actually made more than Detective Pikachu as well.
If these are global figures, Warcraft did very well in China.
Gotcha.
But at any rate, yeah, it's the big one.
They've leveled up.
New high score.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
That sound was made at the box office this week, pretty much.
Yeah, basically.
I still need to see it.
At Nintendo, you got Ching.
I still need to see it.
I'm hoping I'll get there this week.
So, I didn't even talk – I got so sidetracked with the Creative Showcase, which I don't
regret.
It was a great time.
I didn't even talk about other games I played this week.
I've been playing Pokemon Legends on stream, and this is big for me, DarkSakura.
I know you've done this with a few games.
I'm about to beat Pokemon Legends on stream, and I would say most of my gameplay has been
streamed.
I've been side questing off stream, but my main questing I've been doing on stream.
I believe – it's been a while, but I believe this is the first game I've played to completion
on stream, and I'm gonna roll credits on the game probably tomorrow after work, and
then maybe do some post-game stuff, because the thing with Pokemon is that you roll the
credits, but have you really cleared the game?
There's still more to do, but I say if you get the credits, you beat the game.
That's kind of my criteria there.
So I'm probably rolling credits on Monday's stream, and then we'll have a little time
to do some post-game stuff, and then the Final Fantasy Pixel remasters come out on PlayStation.
That'll kind of be the next thing up in queue for me, but that's kind of a big deal
for me is actually getting to do that, so I just wanted to throw that out there.
The cool thing about RPGs is that you have the official – you have an actual end point
on it, you know?
Yeah.
And something – I mean, I love it when I get to the end of the RPGs that I do, and
it's a feeling of accomplishment, and then people get excited when they're there to
see it, so congratulations.
Thank you.
Well, and I realize Twitch has that memories feature that's really underused, but when
I roll the credits, if you're there in chat, you will get the memories badge or whatever
it is, because I will hit the – I was too slow to do it when I got the shiny shanks,
because I realized it like two minutes after, but now I've got that locked and loaded
as a button for when I do those important things, so I'll remember that in the future.
The reason why I brought that up, though, was that I've been so busy playing that
game and doing that after work is that I haven't really had the time to go out to a movie,
and I was pretty busy this weekend, so – but I'm going to try to get out during the
week at some point and see the Mario movie, because I do – you know, it's been out
a couple weeks now.
I do want to see it, so.
Rob.
What?
Take me for my birthday.
Uh, you're doing something on your birthday.
What days are you free this week?
My week is my birthday, duh.
What days are you free?
I will be free Thursday afternoon, because my subathon's gonna – if I make it the
full 24 hours, I end at 10 a.m.
Wait, I thought your subathon was on Thursday.
No, it's on Wednesday, my birthday.
Oh my god, okay, my calendar – oh my god, it is.
I thought for some reason the 19th was Thursday.
No.
Ah, that's funny.
Okay, so maybe Thursday then.
Alright.
Yeah, let's do it.
No, I'm not saying take me to see it.
I would go see it.
I mean, I can buy a movie ticket.
It's not a big deal, but yeah.
Oh, for me.
Oh, you shouldn't have.
Okay, on second thought, alright.
Hey!
No take back.
Alright.
Anyway, so now that we know what day 419 actually is, this begs the question, what are you doing
on 420?
It sounds like we might be going to see a movie, but something else you can do on 420
is actually watch the Street Fighter VI showcase.
That's right, just like we had the footage from Final Fantasy XVI this week, we get 30
minutes of Street Fighter VI coming from Capcom on 420.
What a nice day to do that.
So, you can watch that starting at 3 o'clock Pacific, 6 o'clock Eastern over at Capcom's
YouTube channel, and apparently Lil Wayne is going to be hosting the show, so that's
fun.
So, yeah.
But he's done stuff with Street Fighter before, so clearly he's a fan.
It was fun when I played it.
I had a really great time playing that game.
Yeah, we love even-numbered Street Fighter games.
There will be details on the world tour, the battle hub, fighting ground, also some big
news at the end of the show.
Could Lil Wayne be joining the roster?
Oh, boy.
No, I don't think that'll be happening, but it'd be funny if it did, though.
Lil Jon will be joining the roster.
Yeah!
I can't do the impression like, what was her name on Snatch Game on Deja Sky did Lil Jon
and won with that whole thing.
But anyway, I'm sure they'll be announcing, yeah, now they're saying DLC in chat.
Mike Deff says Lil Wayne DLC.
We'll see.
All right.
Let's travel, oh, no, that was it.
So, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some things that
we could be playing this week on 4.20 or otherwise.
We'll start with you, Loki.
What's coming out in the US?
We have a game called God of Rock on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox
One, and Xbox Series.
We have The Mage Seeker, a League of Legends story on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Minecraft Legends comes out this week.
PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
I'll probably pick that up on Game Pass because I ain't buying that shit.
Final Fantasy Pixel Remaster on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Akiba's Trip 2, Director's Cut on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4.
Arcana of Paradise, The Tower on PC and Nintendo Switch.
DNF Duel for Nintendo Switch, unfortunately not a sequel to Duke Nukem Forever.
For Nintendo Switch, Stray Blade on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Oh, we have this coming out this week.
Wow, two surprises to me.
Advance Wars 1 and 2 reboot camp for Nintendo Switch after its year delay.
And it's finally happening.
It's finally happening.
Island 2 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
That's it.
Oh, heck.
For as long as that game has kind of been in development, I'm kind of surprised.
It seems to be just kind of like, and there it is this week.
I hope they have some more marketing behind that to push that.
So we'll see.
I feel like I've seen very little about that game, all things considered.
But we'll see.
No severed torso special edition this time, I guess.
I guess not.
There are no torsos.
Going to Japan this week, check out some of the releases there.
You have some overlap here in the US because Minecraft Legends also gets a Japanese release
on the Nintendo Switch on April 19th.
Also on the Switch this week, Coffee Talk Episode 2, Hibiscus and Butterfly.
Not to be confused with the classic Saturday Night Live sketch.
I'll give you a topic.
Coffee Talk is neither about coffee nor talk.
Discuss.
Welcome to Coffee Talk.
I'm Linda Richman.
I love that.
That was the era of Saturday Night Live, but it has nothing to do with that.
The game is like butter.
It's neither about hibiscus nor butterfly.
Discuss.
But that is the game that's coming out.
It looks, honestly, I get big dating sim vibes from it, but they talk like you make your
own drinks using ginger, mint, and chocolate, and make secret recipes, and you draw latte
art, because that is a fun, cute thing to do, I guess, and you relax in the coffee shop
atmosphere.
It is an urban fantasy game set in present-day Seattle where humans, orcs, elves, and other
races have been coexisting since the beginning of time.
Okay.
This game kind of sounds off the rails a little bit, but I'm into it.
So, that is out in Japan this week.
Let's see.
Going back to the Switch and some other games coming out in Japan this week.
Buck and Yar is out this week.
Akiba's Trip, Undead and Undressed Director's Cut.
That's a 10th anniversary edition that's coming out this week is also coming out.
Hatenna no Tu, the Tower of Children is out in Japan this week as well.
DNF Duel, also on the Switch this week.
A game called Hyper High Speed Genius with arrows.
It's a game about me.
Jamie, you got your game.
How about that?
Well, let me actually, DarkSaga, let me show you.
If I actually showed you some screenshots from Hyper High Speed Genius, I think you'll
be able to see exactly what kind of game this actually is.
So, here's some screens.
Yeah, I'm the one with the purple hair.
From Hyper High Speed Genius.
I've had that haircut before, actually.
It's got to be based on an anime or a visual novel or something, I don't know.
It looks like one of those.
It's one of those.
I'm making a terrible joke.
So, Hyper High Speed Genius, are they like internet people or something like that?
Is it like cheapified internet providers or something like that?
That'd be awful.
I would much rather play this game any day of the week than apparently what's coming
out on Xbox, which is very stable genius.
I don't want to play that game.
We're not going to play that game.
All right.
Here we have Xfinity Chan, who once every extra time you spend with her, she has to
charge you.
And then you have Spectrum Chan, who doesn't work half the time.
She falls asleep.
All right, moving on.
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
Canon.
I don't know if that's Kanan or Canon, but it's Canon with a K instead of a C. That is
going to go out on the Switch in Japan this week.
That's Canon.
Then I thought I would see the Advance Wars 1 and 2, but I don't actually see that for
Japan.
That is not actually being released there, or at least not this week.
Going to the PlayStation 5, however, Coffee Talk Episode 2 is also released there.
And that is really the big...
Oh, Minecraft Legends as well.
So not quite as much as you have on the Switch this week, but still a couple big titles there.
That's Japan.
How about the UK, Dr. Sakura?
On the 18th, we have Minecraft Legends for PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch.
And also for those on the same day, God of Rock.
Also on the 18th, The Pathless for Switch.
On the 20th, Labyrinth of Zangetsu.
That's for PlayStation and Switch.
Also on that day, Front Mission First Limited Edition.
That's for Switch.
The rest are for the 21st.
We have Advance Wars 1 and 2 reboot camp for Switch.
We have Dead Island 2 for PlayStation and Xbox.
Prodeus with a D, like a delta in the center, for PlayStation and Switch.
And Turnip Boy commits tax evasion for PlayStation.
That game is weird.
Nick's been playing that game.
Yeah, I was just going to say Nick was playing that the other day, yeah.
I've got like two copies of it.
The game's freaking weird.
I love it.
All right.
Before we get back into the news, I want to point this out.
So Matt in chat, as showrunner Matt says, because we were talking about Coffee Talk,
mentioning that Chapter 1 is actually on Xbox Game Pass.
And sure enough, while you were going over the release dates, I brought up, because I'm
broadcasting from my PC, and I brought up the Xbox app.
And sure enough, there's Coffee Talk available on Game Pass.
So if you want to check this out, this isn't something that's unique to Japan.
Now that I think about it, I think I have heard of this game before.
And it looks very interesting.
So that's interesting that they're getting like a sequel or something over there in Japan,
I guess.
Or maybe did they split it up or something over there?
I don't know.
But yeah, so if you want to check out Coffee Talk, it actually is on Xbox Game Pass.
And I'm sure that means on a variety of platforms here as well.
So it just has been under my radar as sometimes games go, because there's just so many of
them.
All right.
Well, I can tell you one game I don't have to worry about going into my backlog because
I don't know if it's ever coming out.
Loki.
Yeah, well, we talked about it seems like it's just yesterday that we were talking about
delays of Suicide Squad.
And here we are again talking about more delays of Suicide Squad.
So Suicide Squad is now no longer coming out in May.
Originally, it was delayed.
I don't remember what it was previously supposed to be coming out.
I think February or something like that.
And they were originally just going to do some polish on it.
Well, apparently, they're going to need to do a lot more polish because now the game's
coming out February 2024.
Yeah, so they said we've made a tough but necessary decision to take the time needed
to work on getting the game to be the best quality experience for players.
Thank you to our amazing community for the continued support, patience and understanding.
There's much more to share in the months ahead.
We look forward to seeing you in Metropolis next year.
Yeah, it's probably because the gameplay looked like garbage.
So, yeah, they probably need the overall a lot of stuff.
Can they do it in that amount of time, though?
I don't think you can do me.
I don't know.
No, we'll see.
Well, a bad game is bad forever, but a good game people will forgive the delays that did
it.
Okay.
Not always.
I mean, like you got like, no, man.
It's not bad.
It wasn't bad per se, but it was unfinished, I guess.
It wasn't what was promised for a lot of people that bought it.
It wasn't what was promised, but it eventually became a good game.
No, that's true.
That's true.
That would be like one of the sole exceptions.
Maybe Final Fantasy XIV as well.
Diablo 3.
I like the Holy Trinity.
Oh, and Destiny now is in that club, too.
So those are like your core examples of games.
That's right.
As it turns out, they were wrong.
Bad games don't have to be bad forever.
They could just be patched to hell.
Well, for the most part, unless, of course, the company gets sick and tired of patching
their game, and then they just give up on it, like 90% of the time.
Apex Legends.
It was not Apex Legends.
It was the one at the EA one.
That was Apex Legends.
Titanfall?
No, not Titanfall.
No, not Apex Legends.
Apex Legends is good.
Apex Legends has always been pretty well received.
No, no, no.
Not that one.
It's the EA one with the flying mech things, and it would look like it was going to be
cool, but then it sucked.
Oh, the BioWare one.
Yeah.
That never got better.
Anthem.
Anthem.
That never got better.
I knew it began with an A. I was like, no, it's not Apex Legends, because that's good.
No.
Yeah.
Anthem.
Yeah.
Like Anthem, where they just put out a roadmap, and they're like, I don't want to do that.
SHO 100 Matt in chat just points out, the core mechanics that people don't like, the
Ludo Schreuder live service stuff is going to stay.
This is just polish.
Yeah.
Pirate Pound Town in chat says, they had to delay because there wasn't a game to release.
There isn't even a crappy game to release at this point.
They've got nothing.
So, I'm assuming that's a little bit of a read on the whole, like what that same like
Games as a Service, you know, make the money, money, money.
It's not merchandising, merchandising, merchandising.
It's mini transaction, micro transaction, DLC, game as a service, live charge every
month, monthly fee without calling it that.
It's all those things they got to inject into the game.
I don't even know like why these companies try to run out through the Games as a Service
stuff, since most of them can't pull it off anyway, Square Enix.
So, I don't really know what the purpose, I guess, more money.
They want more money.
Got to have all the money.
You say that, but do recall and I get the read on, you know, Avengers is completely
appropriate.
However, keep in mind their biggest cash cow right now is Final Fantasy 14.
But that is still like an old school MMO model that only two other games that I can think
of in existence, at least in the US, can get away with and that's charging a monthly fee,
which will be World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy 11.
So, I don't know of any other games that charge a monthly fee.
Where's my 11 remake?
Where's my 11 remake?
It got canned a long time ago.
I don't believe that.
You know what?
No, tired Final Fantasy 11 remake.
Wired?
Where the fuck is the Dragon Quest X offline game for the US?
Like, I thought the whole reason they made Dragon Quest X offline was so that they could
finally fucking bring that game to the US and we still haven't seen it.
Hello?
That's that.
You want to go play Final Fantasy 11, there's plenty of private servers, happy to welcome
you, that have the trust disabled.
And I don't think the book burning is even there too.
So, you can still go to the dunes like old times.
That's the stuff you miss.
Yeah, with the XP modifiers, it's like 10 times the XP where you can just solo your
way through the entire game.
It's actually a lot of fun.
It's more fun with people, obviously, but you know, I had a good time.
I would totally play that some more.
Several people in chat noting Final Fantasy 14, another example of bad games eventually
getting fixed.
I thought that was the first one you said, Loki.
Maybe I missed it.
It was like the second one I said.
Okay.
I knew it was the first one, then Final Fantasy 14 was the second one, but yeah.
All right.
Well, moving on, on the same note of patches and things like that, Dark Sakura.
Oh, yes.
Well, Capcom's in it again.
Apparently, there's a big Reddit discussion where it was discovered that the ray tracing
options have been disabled for Resident Evil 2 and 3 remakes on Steam, as well as some
of the HDR not working the way it was intended to, and there's been no way to roll it back
or anything yet, but there is kind of a positive, is that the Danuvo was removed from the Steam
version of Resident Evil Village.
Oh.
So, because they showed how much better the game played without it, so it's gone.
Interesting, because that never was making the fans happy, so that's, oh, interesting
they actually removed it, huh?
Yep, it gone.
Interesting.
All right, well, something that's been added, and this is pretty historic.
Like, look, I know, what year was it that was the year of Luigi?
Was that 2017 or 2018 that we had the year of Luigi?
I gotta say, this just feels like the year of Mario, I mean, because of the movie, and
obviously doing very well, and you would think a game would come at some point this year,
but what do I know?
But, this is very big news as well.
It's just what a cultural phenomenon Super Mario Brothers has really cemented itself
as, you know, and if you're a gamer, you always knew this, but it seems like the rest
of pop culture is catching up.
Super Mario Brothers, the actual theme, is now going to be the first video game music
that is actually inducted into the Library of Congress.
The NRPB, which is the National Recording Preservation Board, has announced that Koji
Kondo's Super Mario Brothers theme will be preserved in the U.S. Library of Congress.
And, of course, that's a doo doo doo doo doo doo.
That is the first piece of video game music ever to join the NRPB's catalog of what they
call significant compositions.
Every year, 25 pieces of music are selected that are deemed culturally, historically,
or aesthetically significant, and or informs or reflects life in the United States.
To give you a perspective of what else is being inducted, Stairway to Heaven by Led
Zeppelin is being inducted this year, Like a Virgin by Madonna, Sweet Dreams Are Made
of This by Eurythmics, Imagine by John Lennon.
Is this the first year?
How have some of these songs not been in?
My goodness.
Wow.
Mike Deff says the year of Luigi was 2013.
It was that long ago?
Holy smokes.
And then this one actually made me laugh.
Mariah Carey's All I Want for Christmas is You is also...
And I'm not saying anything, but I'm just saying it has been noted that Take On Me by
A-ha was not actually inducted into the Hall of Fame.
I'm not saying, but I'm just saying.
So anyway, but I do love that song.
All right.
Anyhow, I totally just stole your story, didn't I, Loki?
It's all good.
Why don't you steal mine?
What do we got left?
Sounds good.
Yeah, we'll talk about the brand new game from the creators of Wordle is now debuting,
I guess, on The New York Times, because remember, hey, they have games now.
So it's called Digits.
It's a daily math puzzle game that originally when I first heard this, I thought it was
those stupid memes that they have on like Facebook.
I was like, you'll never guess this.
It's always order of operation questions.
But no, it's actually they give you a number and then a bunch of numbers below that.
You have to use basically the different, you know, arithmetic stuff to try to come up with
the final number.
So you can add your addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and you have to
use the numbers that are given to you to get to that number.
I swear I played something like this before.
I swear I did.
Okay.
Oh, 69.
Nice.
Okay.
Oh, is that today's number?
Today's number is 69.
Hold up.
Hold up.
Do these folks know how to get people on board to play or what?
I'm surprised it's not 69 for 20.
So you have to figure out how to use these numbers to make 69.
Yes.
Okay.
That might be difficult.
That might be difficult.
My goodness.
Okay.
Well, if you took, Oh, I don't know.
This would be incredibly boring radio.
I'm sorry.
I thought maybe I could try to show you like how to play digits thing.
It like gives you the answer.
Oh, I closed it.
I didn't watch it enough.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So you like you would add these.
So you do like three plus five.
Okay.
Is eight times seven.
Oh, eight.
Oh, eight.
Oh, they, they merge and become a new card after that.
Oh, okay.
Interesting.
I have to screw around with that at some point.
See if I can figure it out.
So cool.
Dejara mess and chat says arithmetic lounge radio.
Yes.
Yes.
Here we are.
Math.
It's fun.
Anyway, you know what else is fun is hearing from you all.
If you want to give us a call, you can over at our, I almost gave the, my brain went to
the old 800 number, which has been shut off for like 10 years.
My brain started to go eight, seven, seven game.
Woo.
Okay.
No, don't, don't use that.
But you can go to our discord over at vog network.com slash discord, and you can join the green
room and we'll hear from some of you that want to call in here.
We'll talk to you all here, live on air.
Or of course you can always just ask the question, our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog
network, VOG network.
And of course you can always email us, participate at orange lounge radio.com.
But sadly I think we have another week of a dry mailbag.
I don't think I saw anything come in there this week.
Are correct, sir.
Aha.
Yeah.
Defton chat says, can you even call that number anymore?
I'm sure you can, but you're not going to get us.
I'm sure it probably leads to a porn line or a, uh, something you don't want to hear
from.
I wouldn't, I would not advise it.
That's why I didn't finish saying the old number.
I would advise calling it cause I have no idea what it is.
So, Oh, one 800 porn.
Oh, well look, if we could have gotten that number back in the day, happily.
So for the record, I added, I added the suggested alert, Rob, a suggested alert.
Yeah.
I will tell you later.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Yeah.
But I'm testing things for us because I have an announcement to make.
Okay.
This week when I am not playing games, I am going to be working on new VOG merch.
Oh yay.
We've been missing that.
And I'll have to talk to you about setting up our fourth wall.
Cool.
Yeah.
We can do that.
Although that's probably a discussion Bobby needs to be into.
Cause he knows all the business stuff better than me, but yeah.
Um, but yeah, that'd be great.
Cause actually if we get that going, then I can get some merch just in time for dragon
con and wear some of that stuff there.
So that'd be good.
Cause yeah, if you haven't heard, I will be a dragon con that's all the way labor day
weekend though.
So I know not everybody's planning for that yet, but then again, dragon con, some people
wait all year for, so, you know, you might be thinking about it, but that will be Atlanta
over labor day weekend.
So there you go.
Um, I, um, yeah, I'm hoping there'll be some other stuff I can talk about real soon too,
as far as the convention stuff goes, but we'll, uh, we'll cross that bridge when we get to
it.
So, um, also I did mention earlier, but we're going to be, uh, not here on may 21st, which
is a very random day to not be here.
And it's completely my fault.
It's actually work's fault.
I'm going to a work conference and here's the weird thing.
I've never heard of this.
The work conference starts on a Sunday, which I've never like, what?
But yeah, like they have programming and everything on Sunday.
So I get to go listen to talks about my industry for my day job.
So I won't be here.
Sadly.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
Uh, I, and that's, I had to, I was supposed to host a show that Saturday night and now
I have to fly to where I'm going that Saturday night instead of, uh, doing that show.
I hate canceling that stuff.
Cause it's like when you, when you look unreliable, that's when they stop asking you to do it.
But you know, obviously he knows, I know he knows this out of my control and it gave
him absolutely as much notice as possible, but it's still, you know, it's, it's the inner
demons.
Yeah.
Uh, Dr. Sia says, let me know if the shirts come back.
We'll definitely be interested.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Pod culture's going back to dragon con this year.
Awesome.
I'm really happy to hear that.
Can't wait to see you.
It's been a long time.
So, um, I, as far as I know, we're supposed to still be involved with the same tracks
that I was last year.
I, I think I'll be on horror again this year.
I don't know for sure yet, but the other two look very favorable.
So, um, I haven't talked to the horror track, uh, individual, but I had a lot of fun doing
the panel I did there last year.
I'd love to do it again.
So we'll see.
All right.
Well, unfortunately we have a lack of calls, uh, waiting so that that's it.
We're going to go ahead and wrap up the show.
Um, but thank you of course, for being here tonight.
We appreciate all of the faces here live and we appreciate the faces on the podcast feed
as well.
If you enjoyed what you heard here on Orange Loon, Orange Loon's radio, if you enjoyed
what you heard here on Orange Lounge radio, my brain is malfunctioning.
Okay.
Since we're ending early tonight, I went out last night.
I'm in my forties now.
Okay.
No secret.
I, you know, and I, I love my forties.
I had a good time, but I don't go out and party or whatever you want to call it.
I got to bars and drink excessively the way I used to maybe 15, 20 years ago.
Last night I went out to a bar and drank excessively.
So today, if my brain seems like, wow, your wires are like not fully connected in your
brain today, you would be right.
See, I, I nailed it.
I nailed it.
I knew something was up.
Yeah.
And please, and I thought it was allergies.
Always do that stuff responsibly.
I had a ride there and a ride back.
I never operated the vehicle.
So just making that clear.
I never do that stuff unless I have a plan.
That's why usually that type of stuff and me drinking excessively is limited to two
times a year.
Number one, the star Trek cruise, cause I'm on a boat.
There's nowhere for me to drive to.
Number two, dragon con because, well, I'm not on a boat, but I'm a dragon con because
con period, any, anybody like drinking excessively is like one of the tent poles of a con.
There's, um, uh, panels.
There's the expo hall.
There's the dealer's room and there's drinking excessively.
Yeah.
But, but if that's funny though, I, I, I cannot say anything bad about that because the place
that you went to does, there's, there's, if it's the same person I'm thinking of makes
excellent drinks and a little strong.
Yeah.
But, and I'm just, and just to be full, if you are not a drinker, I just want to make
sure everybody knows we love our sober friends.
They help to give us rides.
Nobody should ever feel pressure to do that type of thing.
If drinking is not your thing, cause I don't want to just be out here glamorizing it.
It's just a silly thing that happens once in a great while.
So that's all.
Um, let's see.
Yeah.
S200 Matt says Rob is not Sally O'Malley.
No, but I did see Molly Shannon on Saturday Night Live recently bringing back that character
and it was everything.
Cause I'm 50, 50 years old.
That's, that's, that's going to be Travis Donovan pretty soon.
I hope, I hope to God Travis Donovan comes back to the internet just to say that, just
to say that when he turns 50.
And of course I'm getting advice from DJ Rama S saying drink Gatorade and Pedialyte.
You can thank me later.
I definitely had vitamin water, which is basically a very similar sort of thing.
Uh, today you want to, you also want to have a vitamin B12.
Yes.
I have this, um, like Mio stuff that's infused with B12.
And if you've seen an orange drink in here earlier, that was exactly what that was, was
B12 infused.
Although I will tell you the cocktail that I would make for everybody, it would be a
very nasty, potent tea that works wonders with, uh, made of ginger.
And I think sometimes I would do peppermint.
Peppermint and ginger are weird together.
And willow bark, the stuff that the origin of salicylic acid, which is salicin, what
they make aspirin from, which is acetylsalicylic acid.
All right, well, we're very clearly off topic enough where it's time to wrap it up for tonight,
but I want to thank you all for listening to Orange Lawns Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here on the show tonight, or if you didn't, you know,
try again next week, maybe it'll be more on topic, but I hope you did enjoy tonight's
show.
We had a lot of awesome, great stuff.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices to put out here on air.
So, you know, spread the word.
Social media posts are awesome.
I can't tell you how much those help.
A five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you found this podcast,
those go an awful long way as well.
We will be back in seven days to do this all again next week.
Dark Soccer, I know you have a big personal stream coming up on your birthday, and now
I know this entire time I thought the 19th was Thursday.
I knew your birthday was 19th.
I just thought the 19th was Thursday.
So it's actually Wednesday.
So you're having an all day stream on Wednesday.
Starting at 10 a.m. Pacific time.
Alright, sounds good.
DarkSakura underscore O-L-R.
Sounds good.
Good luck and happy early birthday.
Thank you.
Oh, you signed off.
I was going to give you a final thought, but if that was it, so be it.
Oh, yeah, I thought that.
Okay, well, I'll say something else.
Please.
If I hit 250 subs, I'll bleach my hair during the stream.
Alright, good times.
I have Olaplex.
I'm serious about this.
This is a beauty stream.
And then I'll promptly dye it red again.
Alright, have a good one, DarkSakura.
Bye.
Alright, Loki, we'll go to you.
What's your final thought tonight?
It's jury duty week.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, may you be blessed with the blessings I had earlier this month.
Well, now the update is I have to stand by to check again on Tuesday.
Like, I have to check Tuesday evening.
So, it's the latter half of this week or not.
Oh, okay, I was going to say I went in on Tuesday and you saw how that went for me.
So, okay, but you checked Tuesday to maybe go in on Wednesday.
Yeah, I still don't want to do that.
Work wants me to come into the office too.
I won't do that either.
So, it's a week if I don't want to do things.
I don't want to.
And my final thought tonight is I'm more than likely, unless I'm seriously missing something with the story,
I'm more than likely beating Pokemon Legends Arceus on my stream tomorrow.
So, I hope to see you over at Rob Roberts on Twitch.
And yeah, excited for what the coming months have to bring.
I've got a lot going on at work, but it's good stuff.
I really like my job, but very busy for me this month.
So, yeah, sadly it's kind of cutting into the games a little bit,
but the live streaming has been a good way to stay on top of at least one game.
So, all right, that's it.
That's going to do it for our episode tonight here at Orange Lounge Radio.
I hope you all have a wonderful week.
We will see you in seven days to do it all again.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
