Niantic's business model appears to be to own the augmented reality gaming space. By which I mean the yet another reason to be staring at your phone while outside gaming space. Their concepts for these games are neat, and the attempts at theming it for more players is an okay idea, but I think its notable allure and functionality peaked with Pokemon GO, at least until AR headsets become a thing.
This is the Ready Player Two dystopia in real life. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live one more time with episode number 957 of our show for tonight, April the 23rd of 2023. My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined each and every week with my co hosts over there on the upper right of your screen if you're watching live is DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi, how are you?
Okay.
Awesome. Sorry, your audio is a little off tonight. That's all right. It's just threw me.
Really? That's what well Shayla was saying that and I haven't done anything.
I think coming through your webcam. That's gonna be my guess. That's what it sounds like. So that's right. While you tinkle with that, why don't I go ahead and introduce?
Tinkle?
You tinker, tinkle, whatever, tinker on the tinkle. Say hello to Mr. Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm fine.
Good. What is that playing behind you tonight? It's like a Zelda. Is that the, that's the modem Zelda from the NES or no, it was on SNES.
That, that.
That's a Tel Aviv. It's a PS Zelda.
Yeah, no, but it's not PS. It's actually a pretty good remake of Zelda, right?
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
Yeah.
I wish this would come to the eShop.
Right? Yeah. I mean, it's like Nintendo knows how to do their old products, but.
Is this better?
Oh, much better. There we go. There's the dark Sakura we know and love. Hi once again.
Hi.
Hi. You know what? Discord does that sometimes. I've had the same problem. Like Bobby will call. So our pal Bobby Blackwolf, because set up again.
We do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG network.
And I've had, Bobby is always gracious to have me on at the end of his show in a little like holdover kind of way inspired by the Daily Show, Stephen Colbert, that, that whole era.
And sometimes Bobby, I get on with Bobby and he's like, your webcam's the mic, right? So Discord does something funky. I don't know what it is. Like reset your audio.
Every Windows update, it seems to reset. It'll default to default, which it's like kind of throwing a, it's like picking a input at random or something like that. So that'll happen all the time. Like, and I'll get the output as my monitor speakers or something like that. It's like, Oh, seriously, seriously.
So, all right. But we have Jamie and her voice is pristine. So how are you doing, Jamie?
I'm doing all right. I'm a little tired.
A little tired? Well, I mean, you stayed up for 24 hours earlier this week. Happy belated birthday. I know we said happy birthday.
Well, I also went to San Francisco yesterday and hung out with JD.
Oh, shoot. Oh, um, the Sakura festivals in China or Japan town this week, right?
It was over.
Oh, it was over. Oh, that's almost almost. Oh, it's always, almost always right around your birthday weekend. Bummer.
Yeah, I usually can go for my birthday, but this, this time it was a week early and I couldn't get off work.
But I did, you know, I went around and I looked at all this stuff and I was just thinking to myself of the stuff that I was purchasing.
And like, I used to go to Japan video, which is thankfully still there. The arcades gone.
Yeah, there's a bunch of stuff gone, but I used to go and like buy wall scrolls and plushies and all kinds of toys.
And this time I spent more time in SoCo hardware, buying gardening tools and makeup and skincare.
Well, you know, it's interesting.
And congee flashcards. Am I growing up? Stop.
Well, what's also interesting to me, not to say that this affects your taste, I don't think it does,
but I think about how a lot of those plushie stores that were very unique to the Japan town experience,
whether it was us going to San Francisco or even going all the way down to LA.
And I remember they had a really sweet little area there, too.
A lot of those stores feel like now they're in mainstream malls.
Like I was...
There's one in Arden Fair.
Yeah, there's lots of those types of stores.
There was a store at the Galleria in Roseville.
I happened to be out there not long ago.
And it was right next to Build-A-Bear because we were looking at the, because they have some Mario movie.
You can get a stuffed Bowser and you can get a bear in a Mario outfit and peach outfit and all that stuff.
And so right next to that, though, is a plushie store.
And even worse, if you've ever watched Alan stream those crane games, it's the exact same plushies that are in those crane games.
So I'm like, Alan, you're not allowed within a thousand feet of the Galleria.
I can't have you go into that store.
Well, I was even looking at plushies.
There was a Kirby I liked and then there was a Monokuma.
And then I just stopped and I was like, we just found all of my family of Pokémon.
Giant plushies like my Togepi that I got when I was held up at gunpoint.
And my ginormous Charmander pillow.
And what was the other one that I have?
Oh, my giant Miasu.
My Meowth, but I got a Japanese one, so it's Miasu.
And then that was, I was like, I'm kind of good.
I have all these Animal Crossing plushies. I don't have anywhere to put.
I have all these plushies next to me.
Well, I mean, I guess I put them where I put them.
But like, if I could angle my cameras that much.
But hold on.
For those who are watching.
Sure. For those on Twitch, DarkSaga is showing off a bit of her collection.
There's like an Eevee Pokémon. There's a few.
I can't name them all, but there's a lot.
There'll be a Sonic. There's a plush bunny that was got to cheer me up.
A Riolki. A Kerochan.
A DDR machine.
We have so many plushies.
There's like a box full of plushies in the garage.
I love my husband, but I've told him, no more plushies.
No, I've got bags of them.
And somewhere over there, it's like on my Animal Crossing list.
Uh oh, guess who walked into the studio bringing his husband coffee
right as I'm talking shit.
He just walked in here going, I heard you talking shit.
Hi, sorry.
But no more plushies, Alan.
But I did.
He just said, I do what I want.
Get something that I want, even though I have like some big ones that were somebody else's
that I just use as decoration.
I got myself a little Daruma.
That's cute.
And you're supposed to set a goal
and fill in the eyes when you reach the goal.
So this is for a particular goal I have.
And then something I got was a little Kirby blind pack.
Not in San Francisco.
I got it before my birthday.
But it has a little Waddle Dee in it.
Oh, it's cute.
You know what's even better than plushies?
Coffee.
No money. You know why?
And you know what's worse than that?
When you spill coffee on yourself.
You can buy coffee.
I spilled coffee on myself because this thing was a little too full.
So let's get to our drinking problem.
Alan just yelled from the other room.
That's what you get.
Loki, could you get into tonight's kickoff topic, please?
Yeah, so Nintendo had an Indie World Direct that was this week.
And they showed off a bunch of different indie games that would be coming out for the Switch.
And well, of course, other things as well.
So starting things off, just kind of in no particular order here.
We had Manico's Night Market, which looks pretty cool.
It's a fun adventure game.
And they've got this magical cat thing.
I don't really know what that's supposed to be.
But that's going to be coming out on September 26th.
We had a game called Sandrock, or My Time at Sandrock.
Which is, I guess, a game where you're restoring the desert.
It's not much to restore in a desert.
Put more cactus in there, I guess.
Make things drier.
Maybe that's what they need to do.
But some sort of farm management sim in a desert.
Can you have a horse with no name?
I mean, you can do whatever you want in Sandrock.
So you can go through the desert on a horse with no name.
Mm hmm. Mm hmm.
Yep, you can definitely do that.
Plate Up is going to be coming out on the eShop in October.
Which looks pretty cool.
And it's kind of one of those restaurant sim type things.
This is something that looks fun.
I love games with cats in it.
But Quilts and Cats of Calico.
It is a game with a cat.
And there are quilts with a cat laying on said quilt.
And it looks to be some sort of puzzle, I guess, puzzle game.
With the different colors and everything.
I'm not really sure how exactly it works.
But in the game, there are cats walking around.
And you can pet the cats while you're playing the game.
I mean, that's just, that's perfect.
You got to have that in any sort of puzzle game.
Oh, hold on, I got to take a cat petting break.
Speaking of more cat games.
Oh, I'm sorry, I sat down at just the right time.
And if you saw me change my shirt, no, you didn't.
But yeah, the cat game looks amazing.
Yes, speaking of cat games, there's still another cat game,
Little Kitty Big City, which looks awesome as well.
That's like, I don't know if it's similar to say, Stray,
but you know, in the sense that you're wandering a city as a cat.
But this looks like, you know, a little less cyberpunk
and a little more cute cat that's wandering around
and you can, you know, steal fish and talk to birds.
So I like that. It looks cool.
This will be exciting for some of our music game fans,
but there's going to be yet another NecroDancer game.
So we have Rift of the NecroDancer.
It's a kind of like it reminded me a little bit
between Elite Beat Agents and like Guitar Hero type stuff.
So it's got different, I guess they say it's lane based combat
with like kind of the rhythm game type stuff.
But they also have like other minigame things that happen
that look similar to kind of like almost Elite Beat Agents.
Yeah, I can't tell what's happening in this game, which is fine.
I think it's cool to innovate on the rhythm genre a little bit.
And it seems like there's actually more going on here
than just the lane type of stuff.
So, yeah, but this was really cool.
Like obviously music games are always going to be like
a little bit near and dear to my heart, right?
When you consider the history of this show.
But yeah, that looked really cool.
Mm hmm.
So then there's a game, I love the name of this game.
Crimo Clock.
It's a map based crime solving adventure.
It says you go traveling through time
and apparently your actions influence different time periods.
Hmm.
I just like the name Crimo Clock.
Teslagrad 2 and Teslagrad Remastered coming to the eShop.
Actually, they're out on the eShop because it's one of those
and you can get it now type of things.
So that's pretty cool.
Let's see that coming to the Switch.
Real quick before you get to the next game,
I want to introduce the chat room.
Sorry, my rhythm of the intro got thrown off by my coffee crisis.
So we do tape live, of course, at 9 o'clock Eastern,
6 o'clock Pacific at twitch.tv slash vog network.
And you can chat along with us, such as some folks are talking
about the rift of the necro dancer in our chat right now.
Mike Deff says it actually reminds me of the guitar hero
or rock band with Rhythm Heaven.
And our wonderful voiceover guy VXJ6V is in chat saying
it's guitar hero cross Rhythm Heaven cross WarioWare.
Honestly, you sell me when you talk about it that way.
Dark Tutsi agrees with that description of it.
Pod Culture says I like the art style.
Me too.
I like that video games get more and more and better and better
cartoons somehow.
Like you look at games like that and like Hi-Fi Rush and,
you know, a lot of the modern cartoony games is like, man,
I thought Super Mario Brothers 2 was a good looking cartoon game.
Look at what we got now.
This is great.
Yeah.
They showed off a trailer for a game called Animal Well,
which is coming out sometime next year.
It looks like some sort of like dark exploration game,
which this kind of like.
It's a it's a pixelated style,
but it's like pixelated with like modern like effects on it or something.
They've done this before with different games,
but it looks pretty cool.
And then what else?
Shadows Over Loathing.
It's a hand drawn stick figure style mystery solving game set in the 1920s.
So that's pretty cool.
Blasphemous 2, a 2D action platformer.
That's going to be coming out later this summer.
Oxenfree 2 Lost Signals looked interesting.
That's coming out July 12.
And I guess it's set five years after the first game.
Still haven't played the first one, but this looks really cool.
It's kind of like almost like an adventure type game.
Yeah, Oxenfree.
Oxenfree is kind of neat.
I did play a little bit of the original because it was actually like one of
the first like game pass games.
I remember checking out because it was on game pass for a while.
And it was a pretty popular game from those.
I have to admit, I didn't get very far,
but those that played it and beat it are awfully fond of it.
So I feel like the sequel's been in some ways a long time coming because
you said it's set five years after the first.
I feel like the first game's been out longer than five years too.
It's been a while.
It looks interesting with the whole like radio mechanic where you can kind
of tune in different things.
And the art style's really amped up from what I remember.
Not that it was bad before.
It was very stylish.
But this is like really definitely a new level for this.
This is cool.
Yeah.
Then they started talking about a little bit of DLC for different things.
So we have a little to the left cupboards and drawers DLC.
I'm not sure what that is.
I guess it's arranging drawers and shelves.
Cool.
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I have to I have to know more about what that.
Tucked away.
Sorry.
This is what I get for trying to manage the trailers and that stuff on the fly.
So this is I do not know what this game, but it looks like what's unpacking
or that moving game.
It looks a lot like that.
Kind of.
Actually, this stage looks like Operation.
So it's like shove stuff in there.
Yes.
Oh, and there's a cat in this game.
So already we're we're loving that.
So, OK, sorry.
Thank you for humoring me.
I just had to know more about this game, but that looks cute.
Shovel Knight Pocket Dungeon is getting some DLC as well with.
They are having two new playable characters and more puzzles,
and that's going to be out for free probably soon because it says it's for spring.
Called The Lamb Relics of the Old Faith update is coming actually tomorrow.
I am so ready for this.
I have been waiting.
Jamie, what is this all about?
Because I know you've played plenty of Cult of the Lamb because I know you've been streaming it and so forth.
It's going to be like some new buildings and a permadeath mode and a boss rush mode.
Maybe I think new people to recruit into the cult.
I mean, I've already finished the game once.
I think I would kind of consider starting from the beginning with the new content.
I just spent 48 dollars Canadian.
Just now.
On what?
On the third Dead by Daylight soundtrack.
I was like, what are you buying from Canada?
Okay, got it.
And the US one is like way sold out.
I see, I see.
Cult of the Lamb DLC looks pretty cool.
More games.
We had Brotato.
I love that name.
It's a twin stick shooter, kind of that like hand drawn.
A few friends have been playing that.
Brotato?
Yeah, it's like a...
Yeah, I don't know if it's necessarily, I mean, it's got that kind of vampire survivor type of look to it.
So I mean, it's a very similar type of style game there, it looks like.
Five Nights at Freddy's Security Breach came out later that day.
So that's out on the Switch now.
Bomb Rush Cyber Funk.
That's going to be coming out on August 18th on the Switch and of course other systems, but you know.
I like your name.
It is the game that is kind of like sort of spiritual successor to the Jet Set Radio.
So, you know, that might be worth checking out.
Escape Academy Complete Edition is going to be out here pretty soon.
This fall actually on the Switch.
I guess it's already been out on other platforms, but now coming to the Switch.
And then there's a game called Chance of Sennar, which kind of like a stylistic looking game.
I saw some comparisons to Journey.
Maybe not that, but it does look cool.
Kind of like a puzzle adventure game.
So that's pretty neat.
I think, was that everything?
Oh, Paper Trail.
This is kind of a, it won a lot of awards, that's for sure.
Some sort of narrative adventure game.
Where you have like pages that you can manipulate to like solve puzzles and stuff like that.
Kind of like folding things over.
So a very kind of full Nintendo Indie Direct.
Lots of stuff in there.
And obviously the music game fans are very happy because I'm looking at our chat.
We have some more comments, even more comments on NecroDancer and all of that as a series.
VXJ6V points out NecroDancer's bloom has been pretty fantastic.
The original game, Cadence of Hyrule, and now a new experience.
And then Bobby Blackwell fads onto that.
There's that crypt of the NecroDancer pinball table in the new pinball FX.
They try to make you flip to the beat.
I'm not sure how you would do that with pinball.
That's very interesting, but I'm sure, you know, because it's virtual, there's a way to do it.
So I'm very curious about that one for sure.
And then of course, that Bomb Rush cyber funk being a spiritual successor to Jet Set Radio has attention.
Shadley Lindershane is in chat, hello, saying Bomb Rush cyber funk is a day one purchase easily.
I cannot wait for that. Feels like it's been in development for forever.
So I'm happy it's about done.
Mike Deft also happy with the release date and Dark Tetsuya reminding us that it has music by Hideki Naganuma.
So it's definitely trying to recreate Jet Set Radio.
Yeah, I mean the art style, the music, it's pretty interesting.
That's also very interesting.
You have this, you know, indie spiritual successor coming when there's always those rumors about Sega reviving some other legacy properties.
Yeah. And that that one is I don't know if that's just fan wishing or, you know, if it's I mean, the screenshots are out there, the videos out there.
So like, I think it's coming.
It's just like, yeah, the leak or whatever.
I mean, like soon or later, it could be.
And that's fine.
Both can exist, you know, perfectly fine.
Yeah, I don't know.
We'll just have to wait and see.
I mean, what?
Not E3 is right around the corner.
What a June release, nebulous summer game announcement month is coming.
E3 is around the corner.
I'm looking forward to it.
Remind me to write a message on social media the day E3 was supposed to start and say like, hey, I'm at the L.A. Convention Center.
Where is everybody?
Thought we were getting together today for the biggest event in gaming.
Was told there would be an Ouya parking event.
I'm sorry, that's that's a few years too late.
All right.
Let's get into the things that haven't been canceled.
And that's the games that we have been playing this week in a segment that we call appropriately.
How is your gaming week?
Dark Sakura, how is your gaming week?
Oh, I'm sorry, you're muted on Discord.
I see your icon.
Yeah, because I didn't want people to hear me chewing into the mic.
Fair enough.
My week was long.
I played Dead by Daylight on Sunday and Monday.
And I, I didn't play on Tuesday as a break, a buffer before the 24 hour marathon, which I made it the full 24 hours where I played Marvel's Midnight Suns as well as Dead by Daylight.
I was I was in no shape.
I couldn't I don't know half of what I said in the morning.
I was delirious.
I remember peeking in and lurking for just a hot minute, like because I was very busy with work, so I couldn't really be in there during work hours.
But I peeked in just to like, is she still going?
And you were still going.
I was like, dang, good for her.
The 18 hour mark.
And I was like, I could do this.
The 21 hour mark, I was like, the fuck am I thinking?
Oh, fuck's sake.
That was like what was going through my head.
And then I was saying all kinds of weird shit that I have no idea what I was saying.
And then I was going into like that weird sort of mutism I get when I'm really tired and overwhelmed.
So I was having trouble speaking like toward the end and I made it through.
And actually, big shout out to everyone who played with me.
Haim, who is a new friend, C-A-I-M, a newer friend who I bought stickers from on Etsy and we became friends.
And Fixation Gaze and Shayla and Gwen.
Gwen was with me a big chunk of the time, of course.
And also to our new friend Feathers, who we met in Q and joined in and played.
So hi, Feathers.
Actually, Feathers also won a sticker on one of the giveaways.
And along with that, some of the redeems, if we hit certain levels with it, I would do plies on stream and releves.
So I did some plies and releves.
So I got some exercise in.
And crap.
Oh, yeah.
And I got a bot raid, a follow bot raid, you know.
So I had to go in and remove that.
That's still a thing?
Apparently.
Well, they're not saying anything.
They're just following.
And I turned off the alerts, you know, and I ended up banning first and then removing them, you know, so I wouldn't get in trouble.
And apparently the potato song that's a redeem on my channel is copyrighted.
Who knew?
Oh, who knew?
So only that part, though, is silenced.
So I have to think of something to replace the potato song with.
And it might be Brak's I Like Beans.
Because I haven't gotten in trouble for playing anything from Brak.
But at any rate, it was a pretty good time.
It was pretty successful.
There were some people I thought were going to be there that weren't.
But I understand real life comes, you know, comes first.
But I was, you know, a little bummed over that.
But, you know, it was just that day after calm down where it's like, was that really worth me doing 24 hours?
I feel so weird because, you know, I slept five hours for a nap.
And that was all super jittery.
And I figured out this because I didn't do any exercising that morning.
I just went and plopped.
Dan said I was out and I was like, of course I was.
And then I didn't stream last night like I normally do because I was getting back from San Francisco.
So next Saturday, I will be if I don't do it already, I will probably be beating Midnight Suns on stream.
Oh, cool.
Because I went and did all the the background friendship stuff off.
Off cam.
Yeah, and I'm ready to do it, but I I hit gold four.
And on Dead by Daylight, which I would have hoped I would have hit gold something and I'm ready to keep going.
So tonight back into it.
Awesome. Sounds good.
Yeah, I dropped in for a little bit and I know I was going to give out subs because I saw most people were giving out five subs.
I was like, well, I'm going to one up and give out six so I can be at the top of the leaderboard.
But then I saw when I came in the next morning, pod culture had outdone me at some point, brat.
Yeah, yeah, he sure did.
And honestly, I have to say that I appreciate every last single one of them, especially the people who subbed on their own.
I mean, I appreciate the gift subs. Don't don't don't get me wrong there.
But for people who thought that I was worth paying an ongoing subscription for.
I absolutely I'm over the moon over it.
So and and for the new followers that came in, my goal for this month was to hit 700 followers and I did before the subathon.
So, you know, I'm just you know, I'm happy to make friends.
That's what I wanted was to have friends with me on my birthday, even if we couldn't be together in person.
And that's what I got. And I ate a rum cake. It was a little rum cake and and felt really old the next day.
And but I mean, I want to thank everybody who came in, who gifted, who gave, who cheered, who subbed themselves, everything.
All the support means a lot to me and it means I'll keep going.
I have to say your ability to do that for 24 hours is kind of inspired me to maybe do something around my birthday.
My birthday's on Monday, though. I don't know. But I don't think I couldn't I couldn't go for 24 hours.
There's no way. No way. I'm not even going to promise that.
I'm not going to do it again. I'm not going to do it again. Maybe when I turn.
The other decade.
But because because remember, I turned the years old.
Yeah, I know. Well, this year is a big one for me because it's a multiple of five.
I am I am an appropriate gamer score for Bobby Black Wolf now, because if you don't know,
Bobby Black Wolf will only play Xbox 360 games where the achievements end in zero or five.
So he can have a whole number and a whole number.
So I will be I will be I know I know it's five isn't really, but it's I guess it's half a whole number.
So it works. Have Bobby explain it to you, OK?
But I will be a Bobby Black Wolf appropriate achievement number in June.
I think Bobby should update it to where his score can only be prime numbers.
It might be hard to stay on top of. All right.
At any rate. Yeah, it was fun. I had a good time.
It was nice to see people and.
Nice to sleep afterwards. I bet. All right.
Well, on that note, we'll go over to Loki. How was your gaming week, Loki?
I just been playing Minecraft and making Minecraft content because I have to do that and keep doing that.
You put out a little video I saw. I put out a new video because like I we were talking already about end of season.
And wow. Well, I mean, it's up for a while.
But I have a lot I got to build, so I'm feeling the crunch.
I mean, and I knew that was going to be the case. That's why I started so early.
But this also means that I'm going to be balancing my content differently instead of going between a bunch of different series.
It's going to be mainly the S&P for a while until I get everything done. But like I am working on stuff.
So what did you do in this latest video? Because I brought it up to kind of look at it.
But you have to explain Minecraft to me because I'm not as seasoned on it as you are.
So Minecraft added in 117. So that was like two updates ago. It added the ability or added copper.
So there's copper blocks. They start off as an actual copper color, which is like kind of an orange ish metallic color.
And then over time, they will oxidize into that kind of dark green color.
And so it's just a mechanic that they added to the game.
Yeah. So over time, they'll oxidize. But, you know, if you're going to be building something, you may just want specific colors, you know, to build whatever that is you're trying to build.
And so you can actually stop the color changing process by like waxing them and stuff like that.
So in Minecraft, though, when you have copper blocks that are close together, it takes longer for them to oxidize.
If you space them apart, the proper spacing is four blocks in between each copper block and they'll oxidize the quickest.
And so right now, the solutions to do that is you go and find a giant field and you place them all down about five or four blocks apart and then you wait.
So I decided to go ahead and build a machine that does it for me, that will space them out properly.
And I can sit there AFK to just push them in there. So it's basically this giant conveyor belt of blocks.
Oh, my God. That's what we're looking at in this video.
Yeah. So it's a giant conveyor belt of blocks. It's like eight layers deep.
And so I had to dig out this giant hole to, you know, get it all in there.
But basically, yeah, it so allows you to AFK it. There's other solutions that people have come up with.
One required you to basically use gravel and like copper blocks and you had to kind of place them down.
But you place both of them down. There's another one that someone's come up with on empires.
Pixel riffs who made this thing called David because David Copperfield.
So his design was basically that you have a flying machine that takes the copper and then it puts it into a machine.
It waits for the fully oxidized and then it will automatically collect it and bring it back out.
But you still have to manually put all that in there for the flying machine to take it.
So I wanted a solution that was different than all of those.
And I could just sit there AFK because you can actually get it where Minecraft will hold like one of the mouse buttons down for you.
There's a trick to do that. And so I could sit there AFK and it would just process all the copper through the machine without me having to do anything.
And so this recycles all of the gravel back so you don't have to worry about placing the gravel down.
It's always perfectly spaced apart, stuff like that.
So I'm very proud of it because I don't really make like giant redstone things like they're custom.
A lot of times, you know, if someone's done something like, OK, I'll just use that because that's probably the best way to do it.
And I don't want to I don't have time working a full time job and making content to research and develop redstone like this.
So I had I've been wanting to do this for a while and I finally just said, OK, I'm going to do it.
And then so I did that and came up with this design and it took some time to get it to work.
But then now it does and it's great and I love it.
All right. Well, congrats on the latest video and hopefully everybody's already following your YouTube at Loki O.L.R.
But if not, here's here's a chance for folks to correct that.
Getting close to a thousand. Almost there.
OK. Don't have the watch hours yet. So still got a ways before you can monetize.
But it's getting there. Another two thousand watch hours.
You'll get there. You'll get there. All right.
Everybody leave leave the videos on in the background this week.
Did you did did you see that I reposted your channel today?
I didn't see. Thank you. You're welcome.
And because I actually watched your video. Oh, thank you.
All the way. Yeah, we're going to I'm trying to make stuff for the next Robot Master.
So I'm actually I've been trying to build a Moby.
Do you remember the Moby is it's a giant whale. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm trying to build a whale right now. It's it's it's I don't know how I how easily I did the the giant octopus and the fish before.
But like I it's been a while since I tried to like model one of those things.
And now it's it's tough, but it's going to be awesome.
You have a giant whale for no reason. Just because I want to giant whale.
I do have to say with the opening inside your your building, I had like this major art deco vibe just with all the squares and then how the chandeliers and everything were laid out.
I was like, oh, this is classy. It's a classy joint. Yes.
With with Mega Man's face. You got it. Yeah.
I have to incorporate somehow. Otherwise, it's just like just the base. It's got to have Mega Man stuff everywhere.
I can't wait because at the very end, I'm going to build Wily's castle at the top. It's going to be cool.
But yeah. All right. Got to get it all done.
All right. Well, my gaming week, I actually beat a game on stream this week. I'm very proud of myself for doing that.
And that was, of course, Pokemon Legends Arceus, which I've talked about a few weeks now on this show.
I did actually play the game to completion. I beat it on Monday stream.
But here's the thing. Like most Pokemon games, just because you kind of beat it and roll credits doesn't mean there's that's the end.
There's usually like a postgame quest and most of the mainline series.
I like chasing down, I think, I think it was the legendaries actually in Sword and Shield.
I think you just beat the last trainers. They actually go get the legendary after the fact, after the credits.
So this one, it's kind of similar. You get one of the legendaries at the end of the game, but then you're kind of chasing down a bunch of other legendaries.
So I did play through of that. I actually beat it pretty quickly in a Monday stream.
So I streamed some of that on Monday. It's more that on Tuesday where I was actually going around collecting quite a number of legendaries in the game.
I won't get into too much of the detail, although I know the game's been out a year. It's pretty hard to spoil at this point.
But then I kind of hit the point where it's like, OK, now if you want to unlock anything else story related, there was a pretty big plot twist reveal.
I mean, it was it was really obvious that it was coming, but it was a big reveal.
We love a reveal. And there was a big reveal with the end of that kind of legend collecting quest and a really tough fight, actually, that I didn't beat the first time on stream.
And then to kind of keep going now, you have to like finish the Pokedex.
And so that's a big like that's a big ramp that I don't think I'm going to actually play to completion on stream because I'm ready to move on and do some other games.
And I'm going to try to move into the Final Fantasy pixel remaster probably tomorrow.
I'm actually working in the office this week, so my timing might be a little off, but I'm really itching to get into the pixel remasters now that they finally released on PlayStation and Switch.
I know they've been out on Steam, but, you know, there's there's the new releases with the better font and some of the quality of life things that they've put in as well.
So I'm excited to dive into that. Otherwise, for my gaming week, mostly the Final Fantasy 14, Diablo 3, I actually did by daylight a little bit.
I haven't been playing a lot lately, but they did the big rebalancing stuff and I was kind of curious, like, oh, how does this change the game?
Maybe I'll try some of these tome challenges.
So I've actually been playing a little bit. And one thing I guess I kind of do like is that because maybe the meta is a little harder to find right now, I do feel like I see a bigger variety in perks right now.
I just see killers using like different perks. It's not all the same. It's not like not every killer has Call of Brine. It's different now.
Even the same thing with survivors. You know, usually you see like, oh, every survivor has Dead Hard.
So I do like that right now. And that's been cool. I still have never gone against a Skull Merchant.
The one I'm seeing now all the time is Hag. I guess because some of the changes they did to Boons make her a little more attractive to play or whatever.
More people are playing her. That's for sure. So I've been seeing her a lot. Never.
But I did play a game as Skull Merchant to do a tome quest and I would have fucking got my Adept if I went to the right exit door.
The exit doors were really spread out and the survivor picked the right one and grumble grumble. Oh, well. Oh, well.
I still was very impressed that I even got a 3K with Skull Merchant because I'm not a great killer. But anyway, that's been my gaming week.
So let's get back into some there's actually a little other thing, too, but it comes up in a story that we have later on. So I'll wait to talk about it there.
So let's get into some news. Loki, you want to start us off?
Yeah. Atari is buying back their old catalog of games from Accolade, Infogrames and Microprose.
So they said that they've acquired 100 PC and console titles from the 1980s and the 1990s.
This is the steep catalog includes groundbreaking award winning titles from Accolade, Infogrames and Microprose.
The list has not they haven't said which titles have been purchased so far,
but it's exciting because I'm curious to see what they're going to do with all that stuff now that they have it.
We can get get some new new Atari games. Is Atari coming back?
I don't know what the plan is here or maybe it could be, you know, because the recent retro Atari collection, the Atari 50 was pretty well received.
So I wonder if maybe they're not trying to assemble the troops for another type of museum retrospective type of game.
You know, especially maybe some more obscure computing classes. I don't know.
It's a wild, wild guess. They mentioned some of them.
OK, so some of the titles that were acquired. Bubsy. It's time for a new Bubsy game.
Hardball, Demolition Racer, 1942 Pacific Air War.
Man, I remember playing that. F11-7A and F14 Air Combat Series games.
I wonder if they got Accolade's comics. I don't think I've ever done that for a classic game when Jamie's been out.
I thought you've talked about it. I remember you talking about that.
But that was because I played a shitload of that game as a kid. That's where I remember Accolade from was that game.
Yeah. The only Accolade game I can remember was Test Drive 3 that I used to play.
Oh, yeah. Accolade did the Test Drive series. That's right. Those games were really big when they first came out.
Grandpa's going to tell you a story about the golden age of gaming, but those were really some of the first person car game experiences on a home computer.
It was like Forza or Project Gotham Racing way a long time ago.
It was Test Drive 3. I remember it was so hard for me as a child to understand how to play it.
They had buttons for the windshield wipers and your turn signals and everything like that.
I just want to drive into Lamborghini. That's all I want to do.
You'd crash your car and stuff like that. You had to be very careful.
I, of course, did not stay on the roads. I just went straight through the dirt to wherever I was going.
And, you know, hopefully I got there quicker than the other cars. I did not.
Keep in mind that Atari as well as a whole in the racing genre really was like at a peak in that because remember that was the era of hard driving, stunt driving.
And those games that were really like that was those games.
I really can't underestimate how big those games were, especially in the arcade for a period of about three years.
It kind of came and went. But like stunt driving especially was huge.
Or was that what I might even get the fucking names right. I think that's what they were. Right.
Hard driving had the loop. And then because everybody loved the loop, they took it a step further.
And stunt driving had like the corkscrew and all the other stuff. Right.
I think so. Yeah. So I remember playing nineteen forty two.
My dad's friend had like a PC with nineteen forty two.
Like I remember we went over to their house one time and I was like playing nice here. Here's a game you can play.
You know, it's like an air combat game. So I got hooked on that for a little bit and that was fun.
Once again, though, like as a child. I could take off in a plane, land it, probably not.
It was fun while it lasted. I'm sorry. I just had a I had a mind blown moment.
I got to go back to Accolade a minute and go back to that game Accolade Comics that I played like all the time as a kid.
I just I brought up the Wikipedia just to make sure I was like thinking about the right game because I was like,
was it named Accolade Comics or was it named after the hero in the game?
I never knew this about the game. The game was created by the co-founders of the Canadian firm Distinctive Software,
Jeff Sember and Don Mattrick.
The guy that ruined Microsoft made one of my favorite games as a kid. What?
The guy that murdered Xbox's trajectory.
Wow. Wow. Then again, look at Tim Sweeney.
I guess so. Sometimes the greats fall. What can you do?
Sometimes the greats fall.
Sometimes you look at your heroes as a kid, you go, damn, what was I thinking?
Anyway, sorry, I just had a mind blown moment. But I also.
Rob, what? A broken clock goes correct twice a day.
Yeah. Well, that that game was very correct. That's for sure.
But I remember another series that Accolade was really big for was that Bubsy was their series, wasn't it?
Yes. Yeah, he was like the first one that they mentioned on there. Oh, my bad.
And the hardball series. I remember those baseball games were very big, too.
Yeah, that's that's another one that they had mentioned there as well. So I'll be interesting to see what they do with this.
Star Control. That's right. They used to. That was another big game that Accolade had as well.
I remember that used to play the hell out of Star Control.
S.H.A. 100 Matt is putting, don't forget the Elvira games might be in this acquisition.
I feel like her likeness stuff would have to be relicensed. I'm not sure how easy that would be.
But those those PC games were really cool.
Miss Peterson controls her stuff very, very closely. Yeah.
Yeah. But she's also not. She finally stopped making appearances as Elvira.
I know she's threatened to retire like four times now, but I think she finally did stop. Really interesting.
I mean, I will know maybe I think the last thing that she had licensed herself out for, though, was maybe the pinball.
Well, she's still making appearances. She last appeared to sell virus, to my knowledge at the not scary farm thing.
Was it right before the pandemic? I feel like it was maybe twenty nineteen or something because she used to actually.
Yeah. But anyway, it's a new test drive unlimited game coming out this year. Is it really?
Yeah. Test drive unlimited solar crown. It's not obviously made by Atari.
It's made by Nikon or that's his publishing, I think, and being developed by Katie Racine, who has made what now?
WRC. That's a very good series to do some pretty good racing games on the topic of Elvira.
Orange right does point out they did manage to license the pinball game for pinball arcade.
So fingers crossed, saying, I know that might be different. Well, it is still her likeness.
And she had already, though, licensed out for that. I'm talking about the last stern one that came out for her.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, maybe there's there's a possibility. Tiger class says was the likelihood they remaster those games.
I believe referring again to the old Elvira PC games or remake them. Dude, I'd be thrilled if we got another Elvira video game.
Like, I know the pinball tables have been sweet and I'm a fan of those, but I'd love to see another like like very tongue in cheek camp, pure camp PC adventure game.
I'd so be about that, but I don't know. I don't know if I see it. I feel like I don't know. I don't I don't know.
I'd I'd be thrilled, but I'd be very surprised. But in a pleasant way, it's it's it's incredibly nice.
It is. That's kind of the thing. That's the part I hate to say is that, like, just the kids today don't appreciate Elvira the way our generation does.
2022 she was in the Munsters.
And as her last drive in with Joe Bob Briggs as Elvira, as Cassandra Peterson, because I know she's still doing appearances as Cassandra Peterson.
I actually know that was those were just roles. Dr. Elvira was 2021 Netflix and Chills with Dr. Elvira.
Oh, she did do some new specials for one of the streaming services, but I thought it was shutter. But interesting.
Yeah. Anyway, it looks like the others. She was just herself. Yeah.
So anyway, interesting. I'm also curious what they're going to do in this catalog expansion.
Now, somebody, of course, in chat had made the, you know, as Joe and Matt said, they're probably coming to the Atari VCS.
Is that really a factor anymore? Like, haven't we written that off at this point? I mean, maybe Atari hasn't, but haven't we tried to stop make fetch happen at this point?
Like, isn't isn't the Atari VCS kind of a write off? I would feel like Atari would be smarter to repackage these into a really uber type of retro collection like Atari 50.
But I don't know what the sales on Atari 50 were like that. That's really what's going to drive everything is. Did it sell, you know?
Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, surprisingly, I think the VCS did better for itself than we thought. But like, it's still just a computer. I mean, that's all it really is. It's not like a console. It's just like, it's a computer with some software bundled in type of thing.
So that's kind of a little disappointing. But at the same time, it's probably the safer bet to take. And it did okay, I think. And at the very least, we got, you know, some nice collections out of that stuff. So I don't see them launching a new console. But yeah, let's do some more Atari 50 things because those are pretty cool.
All right. Well, moving on to modern games and what the future might bring for us, or will bring for us. Well, if it doesn't get canceled, we had the announcement this week kind of out of the blue that Niantic, makers of Pokemon Go and Capcom have teamed up for Monster Hunter now. It's going to be a Monster Hunter title for iOS and Android.
And of course, because it's Niantic, you bet is going to use the maps of you know, the real life locations that their other games have brought. And we'll be bringing this game out later this year. You can sign up for a beta test on the official website if you want.
John Hanke in a statement said Monster Hunter now will be the ultimate experience for anyone who has dreamed of facing off against epic monsters and battling them with friends filled with fantastical creatures engrossing hunting and opportunities for teamwork with the best possible graphics on mobile devices. Monster Hunter now is the perfect franchise to bring into the real world. Now I will say this, I was looking at the trailer and looking at the trailer.
I couldn't quite tell if maybe portal scanning and pokestop scanning was finally being used because it sure looked like the monster was kind of interacting with the loop. But you don't know how much they're embellishing for the trailer, right? It's like the first Pokemon Go trailer that showed Mewtwo flying around the sky and 1000 people trying to raid.
That's not really what the game looks like. They were just trying to get out that idea of raiding. So I can't really take this stuff at face value. But when I saw that, I was like, Oh, are we finally going to see what all that scanning is kind of brought with this game? I don't know. But I will say the graphics for a Niantic game did look pretty good. I was like, who did they did? Was this one of the companies they bought or contracted with to do this? I don't know. Because it looks like it's actually being made in Japan. And the announcement of this was very it was like midnight for us. It was it was it was like midnight.
Eight in the morning Japan time. So or a more reasonable time of day Japan time. So I'm very curious about that. So um, and looking at some comments in chat. Let's see. darktatia says I was into the Monster Hunter stuff for at least a little while. So curious to see how this plays. Fifth Dream says $5 for three monster battle passes of tongue in cheek comment about latest Niantic controversy.
Shane says I'm over my excitement for Niantic Mon hun the idea of supporting Niantic again, was enough to squash my desire to play. Which brings us to another point is that it does seem now at this point, that with the latest controversy from Pokemon go a couple weeks ago with the you know, remote raid passes going up in value and the number you can do in a day limited. It's been a couple weeks and Niantic has not responded to the fan backlash. They have this got announced instead.
In fact, Niantic actually made a tweet and I don't remember the exact contents of the tweet but it was something it was a parody of a Rotten Tomatoes post that was saying going outside is rated 100% and they got ripped to show they had to take the tweet down because so many people were bitching them out over what had happened in Pokemon go. It seems very interesting that Niantic has willfully chosen at this point to not respond to the Pokemon go situation.
They probably figured that people are going to forget about it. Like people have forgotten that they made a Monster Hunter movie and it probably was terrible. Just just this is your reminder that that isn't a thing that exists in this world that we live in is a Monster Hunter movie that probably nobody saw.
I still feel like bridges are being burned that can't be repaired. And what I mean by that is like content creators, influencers and that sort of thing. I have some friends from the Dragon Con circuit that do a long running and I believe fairly popular enough at least it was when it was first out Pokemon go podcast. It's actually called the Pokemon go podcast that tells you how early on they got in there.
I have been graciously invited this week on to what is going to be their last episode. Because they're over it.com and they want to take their chemistry that they have the two of them and do I believe I don't know all the details but I believe I saw that they snuck a backdoor pilot for a new show into their Pokemon go feed as podcasters sometimes do.
Garfield go podcast. I'm so psyched. I can't wait.
I'm actually frustrated that they're fucking up so bad. And what I mean by that is that the last time this happened, they literally promised, promised to communicate more with their fans and do these regular updates. Not only is their latest announcement completely not involving any of that.
But like to go so far as to then not even respond two weeks later is like, kind of offensive. To be honest, a real slap in the face to everyone who stuck by them after the first time. Like Niantic I want to love you but you're making it really fucking hard. You've got to fix this.
And I'm not saying you necessarily like have to reverse course on everything. But you've got to make commitment to do better and show it. And I swear to God, the thing that's the like the most damning thing in this whole thing. It's not even like the remote raid and all the time. I mean, it ain't cute, but it's not even that. Go look at the Reddit post. It's so well done. It is a parody post of a Pokemon go news update of all the things that have happened.
All of the changes they've made this year that were rolling back things basically, and they did it all in one big parody post. And when you read that post, you're like, Damn, this game is scale. This game has made a lot of changes for the worst this year. Now, go look at the things that Pokemon go has given us new exciting this year.
I'll wait. I'm still waiting.
I mean, there's probably some new Pokemon.
Yeah, I think we got Bounsweet this week. We have a shiny Galarian Stunfisk. Whoopee shit. Like, Niantic I cannot express what and this is to gaming companies everywhere. Gaming companies everywhere need to learn a fucking lesson from this.
You cannot announce these type of changes that are a downgrade in quality of life of your product. That's what it is at the end of the day.
Everything we see in gaming, every patch notes we see, everything that rolls out is quality of life improvements. Your favorite MMO, quality of life improvements. World of Warcraft does not look the same today that it did when it first launched. Why? Quality of life improvements.
This is a game that had quality of life regression multiple times this year. And what do we have to balance it? Where are the quality of life updates or positive changes or the reason we remove these things was to bring you these things.
Not there. That is the, and again, I just did an Ingress event this weekend, but I'm going to tell you what, that was about the people. It wasn't about the game. That was about wanting the people I love to do this thing collectively together. It wasn't about the game.
Y'all are on thin fucking ice with your community Niantic. And I'm going to be this bold. Sorry, I did not mean to turn this into a soapbox, but I kind of have to because this is like my passion in gaming right now. I'll play this Monster Hunter game as much as I'm sitting here bitching. Why? Because I love AR games. And that's just the way it is.
They should just combine all of them together. We can get the NBA stars in there as well. We can throw, have them throw some Pokemons in the battle to battle the monsters and then some Pikmin will be there.
I need to say Niantic. And I'm sorry, I actually know people that work in Niantic and might even work in this area. And this is why I feel like such an asshole. But this has to change. Like you have to be able to look beyond that and say Niantic must do better here. Like what is the worst thing? This doesn't change or the company goes under or gets bought by EA or something because that's where I feel we're headed at this point.
And here's what it is. Niantic, you must rebuild your PR. You must release your PR team and you must begin again. You must change your public relations severely. If you can't do that, Catan, Transformers, Peridot, Monster Hunter. It's going that way.
Anyway, yeah, and She-Hulk10 honestly with the bottom line in chat, they won't listen until you guys stop paying them. And that is what it's going to take. If you're pissed off enough about these Pokemon Go changes, you have two choices.
One, uninstall the game and stop playing it and leave a one star review in the store. That's probably the biggest and best thing you can do. Two, if that really isn't something like maybe like you realize that the gamification incentivizes your own like walking and cardio and your own well-being and that whole type of thing.
Then I would say the second best thing you can do is stop giving them money. Go free to play. Do that thing. Just it doesn't matter. The quest doesn't matter. The shinies doesn't matter. You have to be willing to leave that all on the table for this to change.
That's it. Anyway, I didn't mean to be so boxy for so long. But it's just like, it's it's gotten to that point. Like I've just like I like two weeks ago, I was like, oh, Niantic. Niantic is gonna do this thing. And they're gonna say, oh, we we reduce the number of coins or whatever, like they're gonna, but like for Niantic to have done nothing two weeks after the fact, but unveil a new game to try to distract people's attention.
You need PR CPR. Ooh, I'm gonna I want that phrase. You need PR CPR. That's what it is. You need PR CPR.
Let's move on to our soccer. Do you have a happier, more fun, fluffy topic for us? You're muted again. Just so you know, I don't know if you were eating.
I had been. I had actually been making snorting noises. But, but, but no, it's, it's, it's not happy. It's kind of what's expected. What is going on right now is there is a survey that was put out. And the survey is about how, quote, older gamers feel more comfortable eating.
About their representation in the industry. And this is actually a study put out by AARP, which is the American Association of Retired Persons. Or, you know, didn't we also see Wilford Brimley with them too? You want to know I started getting stuff from AARP when I was in my 30s and I wanted to cry.
I get stuff from them too. And I just throw it in the trash. I put it in the round file.
Well, at any rate, they of course support more than 38 million people who are over the age of 50. And people who are over 50 do make up a very significant number of gamers.
But the survey says that about 70% of players over 50 don't feel like developers notice the big, you know, portion that they represent. And I mean, if you think about it, you know, 50 year old gamers today.
They were, you know, playing, you know, growing up with Atari, growing up with Commodore 64, the Apple IIe, the Coleco Atom, Coleco Visions, and just like, you know, we were littler when those were the big thing.
But they grew up with this industry. I like to say that we grew up with this industry. And you know, we're not terribly far behind those people.
But about 45% of the people in the range say that they play video games at least once a month. Mobile games were included, but there are quite a few who are console and computer gamers.
Although a good number of them play Wordle. That's like the big one on there. They're really, really into it.
It says that older gamers prefer puzzle, logic, and word games and prefer using their mobile phones. But the number of console gamers among them has doubled to 28%.
So, and it's actually saying that more women are playing games than men in that demographic. 53% of women compared to 48% of men. I mean, if you're using a binary.
But in general, over the main population, 52% of gamers are women as opposed to 37% of being men. That's total number.
The math doesn't add up. So I think that there's like non-respondents and people, you know, who are non-binary maybe perhaps I don't know how I don't have the details of that particular one, but I knew that we were the majority.
And then the study also stated that the pandemic did not have a large impact among the older gamers. And there were small increases in the demographics within the over 50 population of gamers.
For example, women, people of color. And they found that over the course of six months, the average older gamer is now spending nearly 3.5 more hours playing, increasing from eight and a half to 12 hours of average gaming.
So, and it's just, it's just really interesting, you know, and we don't really, I guess, think about, you know, what constitutes as old versus older, you know.
We, and it's kind of hard for, I think, even people who are close to that to start, you know, thinking of ourselves as, as nearing that range. You know what I mean?
But we are the ones who grew up with the industry. I mean, I, I mean, when people say, oh, 50 year old gamer, I don't blink twice at it, you know?
I don't either because, because of the fact we have grown up with video games, like, and, and, but we remember a time as kids that the 50 year olds would look at us and go, ah, it's a kid thing. Video games are for kids.
But obviously that perception has shifted significantly because now that we're the 50 year olds or, you know, within 10 years of it, like, we're the ones that grew up with the games now.
And it's not such a weird, I think more and more people realize whether they want to or not, gaming is for everyone. Right? I mean, the fact that-
There's not a stigma with it that we experienced.
Right, right. I think, you know, the fact that more women play games than men, that, that, that news has actually been out there for a few years now that to me, that's not surprising.
I'm sure to somebody whose head is, you know, in the ground, it probably is a little more, but that just kind of goes to show you like how mainstream gaming is. It is literally for everyone.
Yeah. And, and well, of course, you know, you also add in the, the, uh, the fact that we have, uh, more accessibility options for people as well.
Sure. I mean, I mean, heck, even Dead by Daylight just put in, um, a visual terror radius like they have in the mobile version for, um, for people who, uh, have hearing issues and they've changed, uh, like the way Spine Chill works where it's all visual as well without the audio cue it used to have.
But even, even things like color blindness and button mapping are like standard now, like it's, it's more rare you don't see a game have that, which is a good thing.
Yeah. Well, I think it's great, you know, but that's also opening the door to increasing the, the, the demographics to poll. Right?
Right.
So I think, and on top of that, as the, I don't want to put it so morbidly, but the oldest of the group are dying out. That's it.
That's what happens to humans when they reach a certain age is that they eventually cease to function.
Yes. Older people are more likely to statistically cease. Yes.
Oh, and, and so, but you think about what's replacing that, that area. I mean, just cyclically, you know, I mean, think about interviewing people who were a hundred years old, for example, and, and knowing what they lived through.
I mean, people who were there for the advent of the car, or, or even, I'd say more like it's, it's earlier manufacturing days, people who lived through the depression, people who lived through all of this.
We're not having people who know what the world was like before certain technologies, you know, that's a constant cycle that's happening.
It's all phasing out. All we have are, you know, the modern archeologists and sociologists keeping track of these things.
You know, people who preserve, like, like, you know, why can we talk about preserving old video games, you know, but people who preserve the technologies and the understanding and, you know, reenact the ways of life.
But, but eventually there's going to come a time where there's not going to be anyone in a modern, modernized, what's the word I'm thinking? I shouldn't say modernized, but like in a more westernized.
I don't want to use that term either. I'm just going to say in a more technologically standard area that won't not know what a video game is.
Right.
And won't remember a time that they didn't exist. Because it didn't. For them, it never, there was never a time it didn't exist.
Right.
So, I'm just saying.
It is interesting, you know, you're right, as gamers just get older, because more people, you know, the average age of a gamer gets older because more and more of us grew up with them, kind of going back to what the story was all about, where there's many people that feel like an afterthought, you know, representation in games has obviously been huge for bringing more people to the table.
That's why you see more, you know, women as the leads in games, you see more people of color, not saying that we've, hooray, we've won the battle. I'm not saying that, but I'm saying you're saying more than you did in the 80s, that's for sure.
But we're the greater number and the least represented.
Right. And what I'm getting to is where do you see the games that have people over 50 as the protagonist? Does God of War count? I don't think he's supposed to be 50 in that. I just know he's old. I don't even think.
And it's, it's funny, because even for like a long time, there's so much in media and stuff that where it's like, the folks are way younger. Star Trek. So Picard just ended, right? I'm not gonna say anything about that. But, but it has me thinking about the next generation and all that, right? Like, wasn't Captain Picard supposed to be something like 47 in the first season of The Next Generation? And it's like-
Which makes sense for someone at that rank.
I guess, but you look at, you know, you're like, he wasn't 47. I'm 47, almost. It's just, it's just, you know, or go look at video games.
You know, Final Fantasy characters are rarely over the age of like 18 or 19. And so many of them feel like, weren't they like in their 40s? Nope, they were supposed to be a lot younger. So it's just very-
Look at it right now. Nicole Kidman is 55 years old.
Oh, wow. You know, like, when I stopped to think about that, that makes sense. But I go, she still doesn't. Well, I say she doesn't look it. What the fuck does that mean? What the fuck does that really mean? She doesn't look the way I've been conditioned to think a 55 year old looks like.
Sandra Bullock is 58.
Good for her.
I mean, and they can also, you know, afford, you know, surgery and injections. But I mean, they're, they're, people don't look like I think what their age is expected to be.
Yeah.
You know, like, I mean, yeah, I dye my hair. I'm still not totally gray at the root. You know, my mom didn't go white until she was like in her late 50s. You know? Yeah, the Wilford Brimley was, was 50 years old when they did Cocoon.
That comment from Bobby Black Wolf and Chet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I'm saying that we need to stop looking at a number and having an expectation. I mean, it's not gonna, it's not gonna happen, but it's what needs to happen if I think if companies want to be inclusive of all of their demographics, you know?
Well, on top of that, I think, you know, wouldn't it be funny is that if we had games marketed to the true representation of the, of the number of gamers in certain groups?
Right? I mean, one thing about it too, not all of the female presenting character, you know, people out there want to play Barbie or...
No, of course not.
There's a lot of dance who do want to play Barbie.
Yeah. Well, and like, oh gosh, when I was in San Francisco, I saw this guy with like a My Melody bag. I was like, oh, that's a cute bag. He's like, oh, it's my girlfriend's. I'm like, really? I would have had, I was like, if I was a dude, I'd have rocked it.
That movie is gonna make so much money.
Summer.
Oh, the Barbie movie?
It's gonna make so much money.
I can't fucking wait for that Barbie movie.
It's not gonna be from kids. Kids aren't gonna see that movie.
Gays rise up. Gays rise up. We're going to come out for that movie in a way that we sure didn't for Bros. Watch.
But at any rate, the whole thing is that they need to actually pay attention to what people are playing in these different groups and understand that again, an age is a number and there's still going to be massive diversity and tastes in these groups.
Yeah.
You can't just say, oh, uh, this person has these chromosomes, so they want to play this or, hey, these people are over 50, so they want to play, you know, uh, uh, sit and fish, you know, this game or they want to do nothing but play wordle.
They, it's, it's appreciation, appreciating the diversity and embracing it and then marketing accordingly, you know, creating accordingly. Take a chance.
You know, kind of a comment that fifth dream set in chat that has me thinking about all this stuff about like, you know, like marketing and who really are the cool people right now.
Uh, fifth dream in chat says I'm starting to look like Jack Black is honestly, if you're Jack, that's a compliment. Like who is having a better month in Hollywood than Jack Black?
Who is, who in Hollywood is having a better month than Jack Black?
Uh, considering obviously the Mario movie continues to do bonkers numbers, number one at the box office for a third straight week.
I mean, granted, the only other big opening was Evil Dead, which I understand is pretty good, but it's, it's an R rated movie.
It's always going to have an uphill battle and it's a, it's a hard R as we say, those type of movies are always going to have an uphill battle against the family movies.
It's just fact, right? Doesn't matter how good it is.
Um, there, there's that and just, you know, obviously Jack Black with his song is everywhere and you know, the remixes and all that stuff like Jack Black is, and it's interesting because Jack Black is probably over the Wilford Brimley line I'm gathering.
He's probably the coolest fucking guy in Hollywood right now.
Even Mike Deft, who openly admitted his distaste of other actors, which I do kind of agree with earlier in chat says, Jack Black is a treasure.
I'm, I'm waiting, I'm waiting for the, ooh, she's different crowd where in chat, somebody did pipe up and say, I don't care for Jack Black, but I'm not seeing it yet.
So, so far.
But yeah, Quest Buster also Mario movies closing in on a billion in worldwide revenue, revenue, revenue.
It's wild and Jack Black is a big part of that.
And I don't see that slowing down anytime soon because like you have the, I think, was it, um, I want to say inside out, but it's not inside out, elemental or whatever like that.
Um, I don't think that's going to provide much competition for it to be honest.
Yeah, I, I, yeah, I think Mario easily makes a billion at this point, certainly worldwide, certainly worldwide guaranteed in the US.
Obviously I don't, I don't think it makes a billion, but I think even at this point, like 600 millions in shot and that's still, that's still really good.
That's really good.
So, uh, and Bobby Black Wolf confirms Jack Black passed the Wilford Brimley line in May of 2020.
Imagine if they'd gotten someone just as cool to voice, Mark, you know what, I'm not going to finish that thought.
All right.
Well, he's having a good week or good month as well.
Some, some people, some people get lucky.
All right.
But, uh, good, good discussion topic.
A good thing, especially as you know, the real reality is we're closer to the Wilford Brimley line than we were at the start of the show.
And we're much closer to the Wilford Brimley line than when we started OLR.
Much, much closer.
All right.
What do you, what do you mean we're immortal?
Does that mean the only way we can be defeated is by having our head cut off?
I hope not.
Well, none of us will do it, so no problem.
All right.
Let's move on.
Other things going on in the gaming world.
Pretty big, pretty big story over here, right, Logie?
Uh, yeah.
So Sony is acquiring Firewalk Studios.
They had worked on, um, probably monsters with them for a while.
And now they're working on, I can't tell if this is another game also called Firewalk,
but they are working on something to bring a modern multiplayer game.
They said that's going to connect players in new and innovative ways.
Please be home.
It's not home.
It's not home.
Stop it.
Damn it.
It says the studio shares our passion for creating inspiring worlds, grounded in exceptional gameplay, and we want to continue to invest in their mission.
Cool.
Can't wait to see those games come to the Xbox platform, right?
Mm-hmm.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
Right?
Because we're all about sharing, you know, IP with other platforms, because that's just ridiculous that you would just hoard a publisher or, you know, a studio all for yourself, right?
They obviously have an always online game that is filled with microtransactions and season passes that Sony, that is something new to the table that Sony really wants for themselves.
Cool.
Can't wait to see what that is someday.
So.
All right.
We'll figure out what that is.
Well, something we'll be seeing sooner rather than later is Final Fantasy XVI.
After all, the game did just go gold, and we know that there's going to be like a live event, and I wish I could go, but I can't take all that time off work.
They're going to have a live event in mid-June to kind of launch it, and then, of course, the game is coming out towards the end of June.
Well, there's a new feature that's been noticed in Final Fantasy XVI that could be something that kind of changes things up a little bit.
Now, of course, we did talk about the state of play already, but you know people are analyzing and taking a look at that and, you know, that whole thing with trying to really dig into everything that they talked about at that state of play and try to see more about the game in there.
Now, side quests, big part of every RPG, right?
The main character, Clive, can get a list of every available side quest with what's called the Alliant Reports in the Hideaway.
But since you have to go get these side quests from the NPC that gives them, you're going to be able to fast travel to any NPC quest giver.
So it's taking out, essentially, a mechanic that sometimes can just be, I don't know, sometimes an artificial time inflation or whatever they want to call that.
But some are calling this feature a little bit of a game changer. You don't really have to hunt down a side quest to complete it. You go to the board and all the side quests are listed there.
Now, they're saying hunts themselves may not actually share the same feature. It wouldn't make sense if it did. You shouldn't be able to transport right to where the hunt is.
I imagine it will still work similar to how it did in Final Fantasy XII, but I guess we really won't see until we see the game come out.
But some are saying that perhaps this ties into the PlayStation 5's fast loading gig, is that since the PS5 does do fast loading, it's very easy to drop yourself in front of an NPC somewhere in the open world and this whole type of thing.
So, could be very interesting. It is being noted that doesn't mean you don't explore the world in Final Fantasy XVI, it's just this optional content ends up getting a little more streamlined.
It's a, dare I say, quality of life improvement. So, we won't really know until the game comes out, that's for sure.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I miss towns in Final Fantasy. You know, that was a big criticism of Final Fantasy XIII, which they tried to remedy in the sequel in Lightning Returns. Final Fantasy XIII-2 had towns and that whole sort of thing.
Certainly XIV has them, and XV has them as well. So, we haven't really seen if there's much outside of just these hideaways in XVI, or the hideaway in XVI.
Hopefully there is, but we don't know yet because the game's not out and we can only go off of what they show us. So, we'll see.
But yeah, I mean, that game is out in less than two months now at this point, I believe. So, we're going to get more and more info on that game.
Another game that's coming out in June, Diablo IV, going to be getting another beta weekend coming up. They decided to do an extra one because they want to test some more features.
That game is about six weeks away from release, if you can believe it. And by the way, Zelda Tears of the Kingdom, that's like three weeks away.
So, here comes summer! But you know what, Dark Sakura, sometimes, you know what, screw all these new games, right? Sometimes you want to play some- this isn't a segue into classic game, I promise, but maybe it's a segue to a piece about a classic game, right, Dark Sakura?
Yeah, we actually have something about Skyrim. And it's not necessarily what happened, but what it illustrates about some of these games.
So, a person who had been playing Skyrim for a while found a new weapon new to him. A kind of Nord Warhammer after playing for 9000 hours.
And apparently new things were added over the various additions, but he's like, I've been playing for 9000 hours and I never saw this. Of course, people immediately started saying, oh, we knew about this, you know, and then like making fun of them a little bit, you know, saying that, like, I played for a million hours and didn't realize you could punch people or something, you know.
But the point of this is that it just brings out that it's- this is a game that's probably going to be nearly impossible to not find new things in, you know?
Especially if you add mods to it.
Well, yeah. But this is actually a unique hammer. It's like the- what was it called again? I'm getting the name of it pulled up because it's hard for me to read. The Honed Ancient Nord Warhammer.
And it was added with the anniversary edition. But, you know, on top of what other people have done, they've actually found other pathways through the game.
There was a Skyrim player who found a little known path through the mountains that connects the central and eastern parts of Skyrim. And apparently not many people knew about it.
So, it's what you get for exploring, you know? And I like to think of this, this is a very interesting thing about this, is that it has very real-world elements on there.
You know, having to take different paths and learning different areas and finding out where accessible paths are, you know, it's very, very real life in that way.
And I think that it's, it's pretty cool. You know, just a game that's already this old is, you know, still showing off what it's got to give.
Almost makes me want to get back in there and play it because I never, you know, like most Elder Scrolls games, you kind of think you're starting on the main quest and then,
Distractions! Everywhere! Cave! Go explore! And it's just like, you never, you never, I've never finished Skyrim because of it. So, that's not to say I haven't put many hours in Skyrim, but I just haven't finished it because of that.
So, when I hear these stories, it makes me go, oh, I should go back and finish it.
All right, Loki, what do you have for us?
So, the indie console, the play date has now surpassed 50,000 units sold and actually over 53,000 since it's released one year ago.
And it's kind of a unique little console if you haven't seen it yet. It's all black and white.
It's got, I don't remember the exact type of screen, but it's like one of the ones that's like on this old e-readers or whatever, very crisp and stuff, but also has a crank on the side of it as well that you can use in games.
And with it, you can, I believe games are like kind of time released unlocked in there as well, but I think you can also purchase stuff.
I know there's a bunch of stuff on itch.io that you can buy and import or sideload into it as well.
And I think they even have like a development kit and stuff that you can make games for the actual play date and stuff. So, it's pretty cool.
But yeah, I kind of wanted to check it out. I remember they were kind of backordered for a while, but right now, you know, they are still backordered.
They're not expecting to be shipping more units until the later months of 2023.
And it's like $200. I still would like to get my hands on one someday.
It's a good problem for them to have.
It is, yeah.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat asks, Pixel Poop's play date version, when? Oh, we'll have to see if YYRS has time on his calendar. I don't know if Loki is going to do that.
You could turn the crank to poop.
Turn that little crank on a play date.
It's like one of those, it's like the soft serve machine or something.
I don't know about that.
You're definitely leaving some soft serve throughout the park.
All right, moving on to other games, you know, there was a comment said in chat earlier, Jaskren said, 2023 is shaping up to be an amazing year for gaming.
Dare I say, understatement, honestly, like this is a huge year for game.
There's everything I've already talked about and I haven't even brought this up yet.
Another game that's coming out in June, a little game called Street Fighter 6 that we've talked about a couple of times on this show.
And there's a lot of new information on Street Fighter 6 this week.
A demo came out just, you want to play a demo? Here you go.
So, and it's actually a demo of the world tour mode, which means character creation is available.
And so, yeah, I jumped in and played a little bit of this and I laughed my ass off because there's a butt slider and you can turn it up to 100.
You probably saw it in tonight's intro and it just makes your ass look ludicrous.
Like it's so funny, but there's, you know, all sorts of, but I also, I love that it's very just matter of factly.
You can choose that your, you can choose your body type A or body type B.
And then on top of that, and A is traditionally male, B is traditionally female, whatever you want to call it now.
But then the option after that is, are you male, female, human?
And you can choose that too, to go with whatever the body type is.
And I just thought that was really cool that, you know, you have that representation just kind of baked in right there.
And then obviously when you get into character customization, you can make whatever, you know, looks you want.
I thought it was a very rich character customizer, so it's pretty cool.
So the demo is out now for PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4.
If you're on Xbox or Steam, you have to wait for this week.
So April 26th is when that will come out because PlayStation will only reluctantly put things on other platforms when they happen.
No, this is a Capcom thing and I'm sure there was money paid and that's, you know, that's the business.
One thing I really liked about World Tour mode, I don't know if you've experienced this yet, but you go and you make your character and you do some warmups and then you go out and like World Tour mode is literally walking up to people on the street and fighting them.
It's awesome.
And I like that it's not just people.
It is, yeah, it's not just people.
It's bringing that like Tekken silliness into Street Fighter is what I like.
Can bring me bring me the screenshot chat of Capcom's like museum on the there's like a plaque of all of Capcom's titles in there.
Somebody bring me that screenshot because I need to put it up on the screen.
Have you seen this Dark Sakura?
There's a really cool little reference to like every Capcom fighting game, like, well, I shouldn't say every fighting game, but I think everything that takes place in the Metro City universe, I think was on there.
So it's really cool.
They have some cool little flourishes in there.
So, yeah, yeah.
Somebody can dig up that screenshot.
I'll bring that up.
But yeah, it looks cool.
Like, I got to be honest, like when I first saw the World Tour mode, like in the trailer, I was like, oh, that looks lame.
And now that they've kind of fleshed it out and show what it looks like, it's like, OK, no, actually, that's pretty cool.
That's pretty cool.
Also, they have announced who the new fighters will be coming to the game.
Rashid from Street Fighter V, AKI.
I don't think it's Aki because it's like A.K.I is a new character coming out as well.
And then Ed from Street Fighter IV and V will also be there.
And of course, Akuma will also be there in spring 2024.
So that's pretty cool.
All right.
I need to bring my girl back to it.
OK.
Dark Tetsuya actually found this on.
He actually posted this on his Twitter.
So let me put that up there for Dark Sakura, producing on the fly.
Here it is, I'll make that a little bit larger.
So this walkway in World Tour mode that mentions like Street Fighter, Final Fight, Street Fighter II, Saturday Night Slam Masters, Dark Stalkers, Final Fight III.
It like shouts out everything through like it's like a little like time capsule type of thing.
So I thought that was really cool.
Just a nice little touch to the history there of Capcom.
Thank you, Dark Tetsuya.
Gold star for you for finding that.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I would actually I know you probably are building up a backlog of games yourself, Dark Sakura, but I definitely recommend that demo if you have a moment just to just to see kind of like how they've done it.
It's very different from Street Fighter IV.
It really is.
So it's pretty cool.
I did play Street Fighter VI at TwitchCon.
Oh, right, right.
Just so you know how the game plays.
Right.
I'm sure I'll, I'll get a chance to.
Yeah.
TigerCon chat saying Metro City is also the city for Final Fight.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, some time ago, they've kind of married the universes of the Street Fighter and Final Fight.
Those universes.
I don't know if it's been married since the beginning, but certainly since Street Fighter IV at least, but I think it was earlier than that.
The guy with the car that keeps getting trashed.
Yes, there is.
Oh my God.
Oh, my car.
And Saturday Night Slam Masters was in that same universe because Mike the Mayor was a character in Saturday Night Slam Masters.
I remember that.
You know, we were actually watching like old Game Sack today and they're talking about games that never left the arcade.
And one of them was Saturday Night Slam Masters 2, which played more like a regular fighting game.
I forgot there was one.
Yeah, well, I don't think it came out over here.
Ah, that would be why.
Still, yeah.
I wonder if any of the characters in that would have traits that are available.
I haven't really played through this because I only really did the world tour mode.
But Bobby Black Wolf says they do have the esports commentator feature in the main arcade thing.
And you can even have the commentator root for your opponent and give them support when you destroy them.
Oh, I love that.
That's pretty cool.
Tigerclaw says, I think Cody from Final Fight was in Street Fighter IV.
They all were.
Cody, Guy, and Mike were all in it at some point.
Like, I think it was like DLC.
But if you get to the ultimate version of Street Fighter IV, they were all in it.
So, I think Cody was just in maybe the base or the plus.
But Guy, I loved playing Guy in that game.
Yeah, Poison.
A lot of characters came over from Final Fight.
It was cool.
So, all right.
Moving on.
Oh, Dark Souls 3 says he wasn't in Street Fighter.
I thought they did put him in Street Fighter at the end.
But I guess I could be wrong.
I think he was in Ending.
No, he was a background character on, I want to say on Ken's stage?
Well, in Dark Souls 3 it points out he was in MVC3.
So, it's possible my wires are just crossing with that.
So, yeah.
All right.
Anyhow, yeah, I was really excited about that demo.
I would encourage you all to check it out.
So, anyway, let's get into our next segment and take a trip back to the era of Street Fighter like one or two or maybe four.
We'll see.
No, it was more like three.
All right.
Well, we'll get to it.
Let's do the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault when you're launching a new product classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
Sorry, we had some audio leak in there.
What is the Classic Game of the Week Dark Sakura?
Hatofo Boyfriend.
And I thought I had done this.
I thought very for certain I have done this.
And I have not.
So, we're doing Hatofo Boyfriend, my original stream game.
At any rate, it is called Hatofo karashi kibo no gakuen to shiroitsubasa, which translates to Hatofo Boyfriend, a school of hope and white wings.
It is a doujin soft otome visual novel.
It first came out in 2011 for Windows and OS X.
And all of the characters except the protagonist are sentient birds.
Yes, that's right.
They're birds.
It was developed by a manga artist named Hata Moa's doujin circle, which is Pigeonation Inc.
And it is the successor of a flash game of the same name that was created for April Fool's Day in 2011.
There is a free demo of Hatofo Boyfriend that was made with the famous Rider engine that was released later that year with a commercial release on October 30th, 2011 at Kometer 98 with an English version released February 2011.
International remake was done by Mediatronic and Devolver Digital.
And it was called Hatofo Boyfriend HD in Japan, which came out on September 4th, 2014 for Windows, OS X, and Linux.
And then for PlayStation 4 and Vita on July 21st, 2015 in North America.
And then July 22nd, 2015 in Europe.
And there is an iOS port that was released in 2016.
It's an interesting game.
There has been so much more about it than just the game.
Like, it went from an April Fool's joke to a full-on franchise.
Seriously.
So the game itself is one thing.
It has another mode that you unlock.
I'll go into that in a little bit, but it's called Bad Boys Love.
And then there's the sequel, Hatofo Boyfriend Holiday Star that came out December 29th, 2011 with the English version that was released on Christmas Day the next year.
Apart from the main game, there was a webcomic that was serialized in Manga Life Win Plus.
Different supplementary materials, doujin works that have been released, four drama CDs, and an episodic web series as well.
So we'll get into some of those in a bit.
But it is an interactive text-based visual novel that has a branching plotline, as they do, where your decisions determine which of the multiple endings you'll receive.
The title pun is a Waseigo word, Hatofuru, where they're basically Japanese language expressions based on English words or parts of word combinations that don't exist in standard English.
Kind of like having a portmanteau, but not quite.
And yes, fifth dream, san is the best.
Oto-san is great.
Oko-san, sorry.
But anyway, Hatofuru can be pronounced heartful, but it also is based on Hato, which is either pigeon or dove, and the creator.
So it's basically set in a version of Earth that's populated by sapient birds, and the main character is the only human going to an all-pigeon school called St. Pigeonation's Institute, which is an elite school for birds.
And she finds love amongst the birds.
However, there's an alternate story mode called Bad Boy's Love, where basically you go through...
After you've dated everybody, gone through everyone's story, and this is not going to be a spoiler for a now 12-year-old game, you play through the story a certain part and then you get killed.
And then the true story starts with the pigeons finding your body, and it gets dark.
It's so good, though. The story is so good. You find out all kinds of weird shit about this world.
I actually never knew that plot twist. That's interesting. Wowee.
Really? I thought you watched me play some of the Bad Boy's Love.
Not the whole thing, start to finish. I try to realize the context. I certainly watched you play this on and off, but...
Bad Boy's Love was, though, at the time, the longest stream I'd ever done back in 2018, I think I did it.
But at any rate, it's like any visual novel to play. You click the mouse or hit a button, your enter key.
You can save at any point in the game, which is also good if you choose the wrong path.
And then you can skip dialogue and all the usual stuff from a dating sim.
But you can name your character, but if I remember correctly, I think her default name is Kyoko,
which has to do with the peel sound of a bird, of a little chick.
And so you go to classes. You have different decisions that determine who it is you're going to end up with.
You can also choose which classes you want to attend, and they raise one of three stats, depending on your activity.
And those also have to do with getting a good ending for your love interest.
And to make the story advance.
There were originally 13, there's now 14 in the 2014 remake endings in total, which is one for each of the main love interests.
Three extended endings for three of the love interests based on stat values.
And one ending for the Gaiden story, Torimi Cafe.
And another ending if you fail to romance anybody.
When everything is completed, you get pictures and documents.
And when you get all of that, you're prompted if you want to fulfill a promise or live a normal life.
A normal life will take you through a normal playthrough.
If you fulfill the promise, that's when you go to Bad Boys Love or BBL,
where you can get to the plot that some of the stuff in the other standard ones foreshadowed to or referred to.
There's dream sequences, there are memories, there are different scenarios.
It basically transforms from a dating sim to a murder mystery, psychological thriller type of thing.
And it's a very, very long, this actually makes the majority of the games length.
The dating sim parts are really quick in comparison.
There's changes to gameplay, the way the text is displayed.
Saving is disabled except at certain points in the story.
So the controls almost changed a little bit more of a 90s turn-based roleplay during some of the segments.
Anyway, in the universe, I know I'm really going into it, but it's one of my favorite games, so whatever.
In this alternate version of Earth where the birds have taken the place of humans,
it's a post-apocalyptic dystopian future where after a pandemic of a mutated strain of H5N1, bird flu,
that it's wiped out most of humanity by the year 2068.
And so this counter-virus that was supposed to destroy the birds carrying it,
instead backfired, and they developed human-level intelligence.
And so there was war between the uplifted birds and the humans, and the birds came out as the dominant life form,
and most humans succumbed to disease.
There was a human insurgency, and then many humans have been forced to live in the wilderness, be hunter-gatherers.
And so after the open warfare ended, they were adjusting to the birds taking over,
and trying to do more things for peace between the remaining humanity and the birds.
And there's these different parties, the war dove and the war hawk,
their symbols used to show factions who supports the humans, who supports the doves, who wants peace, etc.
And so your character is invited to go to St. Pigeonations as a symbol of goodwill.
But you've got different characters. You have Ryota, who is a rock dove, and he sometimes dresses up as a maid.
I'm not kidding.
You have Sakya Lebel Shirogane, who is a fantail pigeon and a snobbish aristocrat.
Then you have his half-brother Yuya, who is a secret agent.
You have Nageki, who is a mourning dove who never leaves the library.
Hint, hint, he's dead.
Okasan! Yay! Okasan is the best, because he's fast and not very smart.
He's only barely evolved mentally, and he's obsessed with pudding.
There's Anjel Higurei, which is based off of the Luzon Bleeding Heart,
and he lives his life like he's in a roleplay game, a fantasy game.
Kazuaki Nanaki, who is a narcoleptic button quail, who's a teacher.
There's Iwamine Shuu, who is a creepy chukar partridge.
Hold on.
This is him.
Wait, are you showing it on camera? Because I'm still showing the other game.
This is my plushies.
I have a plushie of Shuu.
I'm trying to get to it, sorry.
Here we go.
This is Shuu, with his tie.
This isn't great for the podcast listeners, Jamie. We gotta keep it going.
I'm sorry, but at any rate, now I'm covered in pigeons.
You also have new characters, who is a javasparrow called Azami.
She actually shows up in the regular story, but now she's dateable.
And then Tori, who is a golden pheasant for the Gaiden story.
And so, basically, you've got all kinds of different systems to use.
You can show how they would look like as a human, instead of as birds, and that's it.
I'm not going to get into more of the story.
The holiday star is definitely, you have to find out who's stealing Christmas stuff.
But yeah, pigeons.
Alright, there it is.
Go ahead.
I'm just saying, there was a Kickstarter for all of this stuff.
So, I got in on it.
Alright, your classic game of the week.
Hataful Boyfriend, certainly one of the more unique games to come out last decade.
I would say games like maybe Dream Daddy or something happened because of Hataful Boyfriend's underground success of sorts.
I just think people like the quirky.
Yeah, people like the quirky.
Alright.
Hey Rob, I want pudding now.
Who doesn't? Sounds good.
Alright, let's travel around and check out some other rapid fire news.
Some other quick headlines here before we get back into what else is going on in gaming this week.
So, Loki.
Yeah, so we have an announcement of a THQ Nordic Digital Showcase that's going to be happening August 11th.
They haven't said what announcements are going to be made or talk about what games they're going to be showing.
But I'm sure it'll be cool and I'll completely forget about it by the time it comes out.
But I can't wait to see what games they have.
And then we got news that the indie game Iron Lung, which is some like indie horror game, is being adapted to film by a famous YouTuber and I guess now filmmaker, Markiplier.
So that's supposed to be coming at some point as well.
So that's interesting.
Right now they said that we know it's going to co-star Carolyn Rose Kaplan and he's financing the film by himself.
Wow.
With that YouTube money.
Yeah.
That's risky.
Alright.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
We have some stuff coming out for Nintendo Switch Online for the Sega Genesis.
What we're looking at is we have Flicky, which is the bird game.
We have Pulseman, where an electrified boy goes to stop a bad guy inside a computer.
We have Kid Chameleon.
We have Street Fighter II Special Champion Edition.
And yeah.
There we go.
That's nice to see Nintendo is still updating the online library.
So it's good.
Alright.
And then one more story for you in this segment that has to do with a 4.20 announcement.
That's right.
This was put out on 4.20.
I'm not sure what this series has to do with that holiday.
Maybe the date was just a coincidence.
But with Fast X, or Fast 10, if you will, because it is the 10th Fast and the Furious
movie that's going to be coming out this year in May.
Probably the movie that finally ends Mario Brothers Run, if not a little sooner.
This was announced to be coming an arcade 1-up cabinet that features the Fast and the
Furious deluxe arcade game.
I believe dates back to probably the first game, honestly.
Or the first movie.
Maybe the second movie.
Maybe the second movie.
But this cabinet will have the Fast and the Furious and the Fast and the Furious.
What was the other game that they made?
Tokyo Drift.
Thank you.
Tokyo Drift.
Both of those games will be in this cabinet, which can be yours for $599.99.
That's a pretty steep price for two games, but with all the licensing.
I mean, the Terminator game costs that much at first, too.
It just makes me upset, though.
I mean, I get it.
Like, this is obviously a tie-in for the movie.
But, like, these games are essentially cruising USA.
Like, in Cruisin' World.
Can we get Cruisin' USA and Cruisin' World, please?
Uh, you know, arcade 1-up still seems to be doing well, because they're, you know, they're
still making these machines.
So, I mean, anything's possible, I suppose.
But, uh, I think this is also a Best Buy exclusive, they were saying.
Because I think that's, or at least that's who's doing the pre-orders right now.
So, um, but also, I don't think Target sells arcade 1-ups anymore.
I think they phased them out.
Walmart still has them.
Um, but I think it's kind of a little more limited where you can get these now.
But I think they've still been doing well enough.
Like, I think they lasted longer than most people expected them to.
So, I would expect these machines to keep coming out.
I still, I don't know who the audience is for this game, but, um, I guess, you know
what?
There's some people that have some really impressive game rooms.
Yeah.
I gotta say, like, if they ever put out, because they did, like, a home version, if you will,
of the, um, Jurassic Park game, except it's just the full arcade cabinet, and it's the
full arcade cabinet price as well.
But if they did, like, you know, a stand-up version of this, kinda, eh, not exactly like
they did Terminator 2, because, or, because the Terminator 2 game, they turned it into
Light Gun game, which that game was not.
Um, if they did it kinda like that, I would have it down.
All right.
Well, we're gonna travel around the world and find some games, fastly and furiously,
that will be coming out to a store shelf this week, or, of course, the digital store shelf
is very popular these days.
Uh, Loki, what's coming out in the US?
Not a lot.
Well, actually, now that I look at the list, there's quite a bit.
So, um, we've got, let's see, After Image, uh, that is coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Amanda the Adventure on PC, Fairy Fencer F Refrain Chord on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4, and PlayStation 5.
Uh, we've got R-Type Final 3 Evolved on PlayStation 5.
Never put final in your name.
Uh, yeah, it's, well, tell that the Final Fantasy.
Uh, Stranded Alien Dawn on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Strayed Lights on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Uh, we have Trinity Trigger on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Uh, this game sounds cool.
Cassette Beasts on PC.
I want to say this was like Digimon almost, if I remember correctly, if this was the type
of game.
Uh, we have, uh, Honkai Star Rail on PC, iOS, and Android.
Dungeon Drafters on PC.
The Last Case of Benedict Fox on PC, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Live Alive on PC, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Mail Time on PC.
Uh, Mugen Souls on Nintendo Switch.
Omega Strikers on PC, Nintendo Switch, iOS, Android, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox
One, and Xbox Series.
Protodroid Delta on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Ys Memoir, uh, the Oath of, or the Oath in Felghada, or Felg, I can't pronounce that.
Felghana, there we go.
I did it.
Finally.
That's on Nintendo Switch.
Um, what else?
We've got, uh, last but not least, uh, Star Wars Jedi Survivor on PC, PlayStation 5, and
Xbox Series.
Well, I think I know why it's a busy week this week, because it's also a busy week in
Japan, and it kind of goes back to that age-old question whenever I read the Japanese release
dates, and there isn't much on it.
The question comes up, is it Golden Week in Japan?
Is that why?
Well, here's the answer, actually.
Golden Week in Japan starts on Saturday, so it's April 29th, I believe is the first of
the many holidays in Japan.
So, I think what you're seeing happen in Japan this week is very similar to what happens
in the US the week before Thanksgiving, and that is a lot of games come out because there's
going to be a lot of time coming up to play them.
So, with that being said, we have a few releases in Japan this week, and I'm going to start
with the Nintendo Switch.
On April 27th, Jinkii Infinity in regular and limited edition is out, as well as Temirana
koku no tsuru tirohime tsuitenaki shidan, that is a large word, that is out in Japan
this week as well on the Switch.
Warhammer 40,000 is also out on the Switch in Japan this week, and Evermaiden in a regular
and limited edition.
My Teen Romantic Comedy Snafu Climax in a regular and limited edition.
Ys Memoir also out in Japan this week as well.
Fortress S also hitting Japan this week.
And After Image, the deluxe edition is also out on the Switch in Japan this week, I think
in line with the US and other regions as well.
Moving over to the PlayStation 5 this week, we have Dredge coming out in Japan, World
War Z Aftermath and After Image.
Star Wars Jedi Survivor will also get a release in Japan on April the 28th.
So, busy week in Japan this week.
But then next week, of course, not much.
So, over to Europe, Dark Sakura.
There's a few.
We have on the 25th, we have After Image Deluxe Edition for PlayStation, Xbox and Switch.
On the 27th, Bramble the Mountain King on the same three.
On PlayStation and Xbox, we have The Crown of Wu, Legend Edition, The Restaurant on the
28th.
We have Star Wars Jedi Survivor for the same two.
For PlayStation and Switch, we have Mortal Shell.
Also, we have Crazy Chicken Cart 2.
For Switch alone, we have Toy Soldiers and Family, sorry, That's My Family, Family Fun
Night.
That's it.
Busy week.
All right, let's move on and we have some more headlines for you.
And then we'll take your calls, if you want, over on our Discord server.
Which, whether you want to call or not, I would encourage you to join and keep in touch
with us throughout the week over at vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Before we get into the next story, S. Joe and Hunter Matt commenting on Jedi Survivor
saying, I really want Jedi Survivor day one, but that 144 gigabyte install size on Series
X.
I'm going to need to make some serious cuts to fit it.
Yeah, that install sizes.
Yikes.
That's a lot.
That's a lot.
Thank God I don't have Comcast bandwidth caps anymore.
I'm so thankful for that.
Sorry to those that do, but anyway, sorry, Loki.
All right, no Jedi Survivor for you.
It's only bad when the kids are home for the summer.
That's when they start going, you're getting close to your bandwidth caps because they're
in there watching stuff, but usually it's fine.
Well, that's good.
All right, we have some other headlines to talk about for the week, and we'll go over
to you, Loki.
Yeah, so Stardew Valley is going to be getting an update after quite a while.
It's been several years since the updates have been coming out, but now we have version
1.6 on its way, and they apparently haven't said too much what's going to be coming to
it.
Obviously, it's going to be a smaller update than the last one because the last one was
kind of a complete rewrite of the game.
Now, they said this one's going to be targeted mostly towards changes for modders, which
will make it easier and more powerful to mod, but there's going to be additional game content
and new dialogue, so we'll just have to wait and see what that is when it finally comes
out.
You know, people hella mod that game.
I was watching somebody on stream, one of my friends playing that game, and it was really
modded, so I'm kind of not terribly surprised they've gone back and added some more to it
because if they don't, the modders do.
But that game's had a very long life, too, so whatever keeps the people interested, right?
Yeah.
And I mean, especially if he's making it so that there's more tools for the modders to
make even more amazing content.
So I mean, he probably sees that it's just, it makes sense to try to do that because that's
why people buy the game.
They're like, oh, man, look at this mod.
Buy the game now.
So, yeah, of course.
All right, let's move over to DarkSakura with some not so great news.
Well, I mean, honestly, I don't think this is bad news.
Well, it depends how you look at it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Basically, veteran voice actor James Carter Cathcart is also, is retiring.
Congratulations.
He was the voice actor behind, I guess, the English ones in Pokemon, Professor Oak, Gary,
and James and Meowth is retiring.
Well, okay, this is the sad reason.
He's retiring after 25 years because he has an advanced form of cancer, but I say good
for taking the time to take care for yourself instead of working through it.
So he has an advanced form of throat cancer, which, of course, you wouldn't be able to
really do much.
The cancer is treatable, but it didn't respond to chemotherapy.
And so they're going to take a more aggressive round around May 1st.
So because of those treatments, he has to retire.
And honestly, I think that needing to do this, to take the time to treat himself and not
try to push through this, who will try to work while they're in a terminal situation?
Oh, sure.
I mean, Liz Slaton didn't tell anybody that she was sick until she died, except for the
producers on the Sarah Jane adventures.
I think about Chadwick Boseman was a huge recent example of that.
Yeah.
So I'm glad that he's, and on top of that, I'm glad that he's bringing attention to this
form of cancer as well, because not everyone thinks of throat and mouth cancer.
I mean, I hope he wasn't a smoker or something.
But I'm glad that he's doing something for himself and see about getting treated and
coming back, I would say coming back to voice acting, but just coming back and living his
best life.
Did you run my chat over twitch.tv slash vog network, who I know follows all these folks
closely because of his own show, Anime Jam Session does clarify he was not a smoker
and he was planning on retiring before this.
But still, you want that to be completely on your own terms.
But I do agree with everything Jamie says about, yeah, you got to put your own health
first, for sure.
So I'm glad he wasn't a smoker.
You know, just thinking about the stuff my mom's gone through.
So, yeah.
All right.
Take care of yourself.
I am proud to hear him taking these steps.
That's why I say it's not it's not a sad thing.
He's doing the right thing he needs to do to take care of himself.
All right.
Let's go to Loki with something.
When I retire, I'm going to play with these all day.
Yes, there's more Lego, more video game like that.
So it's for Sonic the Hedgehog and there's they're going to be putting out for new sets
coming out August 1st.
It's funny.
They're like video game sets release.
And yeah, it's pretty cool.
They've got this one set where I don't know they're calling officially, but it's basically
you put Sonic inside of like a hamster ball type thing and you smash it down and it goes
really fast.
You can make go through a loop to loop and over ramps and all that fun stuff.
Plus, they have a version of Dr. Robotnik that doesn't look completely stupid like the
last Sonic set that they put out because that model was awful.
And now it doesn't look awful.
So that's good.
But there's four sets in total.
They have one with Sonic.
They have one with Sonic and Tails with his airplane.
There's Amy and some sort of animal rescue thing.
And then, of course, the.
Well, the doctor Robotnik said, I guess, is coming.
I don't know if that's part of this main set here.
It looks like it may be in the screenshot.
Yes.
Yes.
So that's in the big set.
Or you can get a smaller set with just Sonic and not all the additional stuff, because
I'm sure it's going to be pretty expensive.
But it looks cool.
Yeah, Lego sets, they are they do get very expensive, that's for sure.
Yes, this year 100 Matt is linking to a Twitter account that shows a leak of some type of
Pac-Man Lego set that's coming out.
And this looks pretty cool because it looks like it's actually a full little like arcade
machine kind of going on in this particular tweet.
I guess a leaked image.
That's definitely only because I mean, granted, somebody could have photoshopped this, but
this would be a bit much to Photoshop.
But yeah, that looks really cool, actually.
I like that Pac-Man Lego set, if that ends up being legit.
But only time will tell.
Right.
I've seen the links people will go through to fake something.
And this this honestly, this is nothing.
True.
True.
Yeah.
I guess you can do it.
I believe the guy has a track record, though.
That's usually more important than anything else is.
Yeah, I'm just saying it would be a fairly easy job.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm moving on to one more story tonight.
And this is another one of those when Nerd Realms crossover and that would be another
leak.
This is, again, coming from a proven Fortnite leaker, iFireMonkey, talking about a Doctor
Who Fortnite crossover event where you will be able to get skins so you can play as the
14th Doctor and the 15th Doctor.
If you weren't already aware, the 14th Doctor is extremely similar to the 10th Doctor because
of plot reasons.
So you but obviously that will all lead in.
He's only going to be there for a little bit to all make way for the new 15th Doctor, which
will be during the 16th anniversary a little later this year.
But it sounds like a partnership with Fortnite will be a part of that.
They're talking about a major in-game event and a two-week event with free cosmetic rewards
and, of course, additional items available to buy.
Let's see, a bunch of more information here.
A TARDIS glider.
That's amazing.
By the way, I haven't talked about this in my game of the week because I only played
like once or twice.
I finally bought that Ariana Grande skin in Fortnite because they brought it back on Easter.
So I played a Fortnite.
I played two Fortnites and I got like 89th my first game.
But I did better my second game.
I was like 50-something my second game.
I'm going to make Alan teach me.
He's much better at Fortnite than I am.
So he's going to teach me.
I might play.
I would love to.
What a fun collab stream.
You, me, Alan, and we have to find another Fortnite or sometime to round out a team.
That would be fun.
So, but yeah, I would love to get a TARDIS glider for Ariana Grande.
I can think of nothing that speaks to me more.
And there's also going to be an emote that uses the psychic paper from the doctor.
Some other free rewards, a time vortex trail, an emote with the sonic screwdriver.
So that sounds kind of fun.
So yeah, really cool stuff.
And of course, with Doctor Who being very big in pop culture leading into this big transition
and all that stuff later this year.
Good stuff.
Also helping on the Fortnite front, just kind of like a side note here, because it's in
the realm of Fortnite as well.
Epic Games made another acquisition.
They've been acquiring a lot of studios.
Remember Harmonix?
That happened.
Well, now Epic Games has acquired Aquarius.
I'm not sure if this is the right.
Acrius?
Acurious?
I think it's Acurious.
They made, you probably know the game they made better.
It's Horizon Chase was the game that they made.
It was a very good driving game that they gave away, I think during a PlayStation Plus
month or something like that.
They are based out of Brazil, and that's going to make Epic Games' first Latin American presence,
Epic Games Brazil.
So that's pretty cool.
And they'll be working on Fortnite.
So I don't know if maybe that's working to maybe bring Brazilian pop culture stuff into
the game, because I don't know how Doctor Who and some of the other things resonate
in Brazil.
There's probably some things that would be a little more localized, or maybe there'll
be some really cool racing stuff in Fortnite in the future.
Who knows?
In a statement, the executive vice president of game development at Epic, Alain Tascan,
said, we've seen firsthand the impressive talents of the Acrius team in creating innovative
games that draw global appeal, and we're excited to welcome them to Epic Games.
With the creation of Epic Games Brazil, we look forward to tapping into the immense talent
the region has to offer and establishing our presence in Latin America.
Their last studio acquisition, by the way, was the prior mentioned harmonics acquisition
I mentioned.
So there it is.
And with that, that is all these scheduled stories we had for tonight.
So I do want to open up our phones if anybody wants to call in over at vognetwork.com slash
Discord.
I'll go to Loki in a minute to see if there's any last minute stories.
I do want to do a check in with the mailbag, but it's been a dry spell there for a little
bit.
I'm starting to wonder.
It's still pretty dry.
You know, this does make the question, you know, this isn't the first time I've asked
this on the show, but I'm very curious about maybe new ways you all want to interact with
us.
I'm not saying you need to do the homework for us.
You know, I've got my eyes and my ears open to what is out there, as I'm sure we all do,
but I'm kind of with email clearly drying up a little bit, calls on Discord, you know,
and this isn't, you know, it's just been for a couple months.
We maybe have had one or two.
I'm kind of curious the way you all would like to interact with our program moving forward
in the future.
You know, we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
We're trying to get more voices out there to join us.
So, if you have thoughts, I'd love to hear them.
You can tweet me, I guess, at, I mean, I like Mastodon more, but I do check Twitter, over
at Mr. Rob Roberts on Twitter, if you want to get my attention.
You can, you know what?
You can send me a personal email, rob at vognetwork.com.
You can also email the show, of course, every week, participate at orangesontrated.com,
but I'm really curious about your thoughts.
Orange Right is suggesting maybe we need a Discord thread with the Discordedon Question
of the Week.
I'm open to that, a Discord thing, maybe, if people will use it.
We just call it the social inquiry.
Yeah, the social inquiry.
I like that.
So, I take it that, you know, there was a segment on the show years ago called the FUGL
Question of the Week.
It was Facebook and Google Plus.
That will help you understand the age of that.
Maybe we need to bring something like that back.
I don't know.
So, we'll see.
I'm cool with that, but we have to call it our social inquiry.
No one expects the social inquisition?
Exactly.
All right.
All right.
Well, let me go over to Loki and see if there's any last minute stories tonight.
I don't know.
I think we hit on most of it, but sometimes I miss things.
Not a lot.
Just, you know, because of some recent changes to certain social media platforms, Twitter.
Oh, yeah.
The Xbox option to share content via Twitter has been disabled because the API now costs
$42,000 a month to use, and they're probably not having too many people that actually use
that.
I used it.
I've posted several screenshots for No Man's Sky, but that was the BB or BE times, the
time before that guy that I posted a lot of stuff to my Twitter from the Xbox, like No
Man's Sky and stuff.
I used it a lot, but I'm going to put it this way.
I'm more happy with Microsoft doing this than I am sad about the lost feature.
So, there's that.
And actually the $42,000 was for a small enterprise, so Microsoft probably would have to pay a
lot more for that.
But yeah, it's not worth it at this point.
Yeah.
And it's actually very easy, and I've done this too.
When you get the share, you can actually go into your Xbox app.
And by the way, this is the same thing with PlayStation, but you have to enable it in
the PlayStation app.
So, if you've never done it, and I think it's only PS5.
So, if you have a PS5, I would really encourage you in your PlayStation app, assuming you
have the bandwidth and all that stuff to handle it, but more people can benefit from this
than not.
Turn that on where it syncs your screenshots and videos and stuff to the app, because it
makes it really easy to post.
But then my point was, in going to the Xbox app, you can actually go, and I just brought
mine up for funsies.
I don't even, which one is this?
Oh, it's Vampire Survivors.
So, you can even see, like in my app here, here's all my recent Xbox game captures.
In fact, let's go to this one, because this was me on the top of the leaderboard when
Falling Plus by our pal YYR first came out.
So, I have that, and it's very easy.
All you have to do, you can hit, there's a little share button at the bottom, and then
you can share to your, you save it as a photo, and then you can post it on Twitter.
It's very easy.
It's just an extra step.
But again, I'm happier Microsoft put their foot down than I am sad that they lost the
feature.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
Dartusia says, I guess I have to reinstall Twitter on my phone.
No, you don't.
No, no, you don't, because I don't have Twitter on my phone.
I will put the app back on there.
So, you save it as a photo, and then you can upload it just like you would anything else
to any social media platform, just in the web browser, in Google, or whatever it is.
So, there is that.
Yeah, and She-Hulk says, it's great to share and post your gaming moments.
Oh, yeah.
The way the apps integrate with the newer consoles is great.
And I will point out, Xbox has the advantage here, because the PlayStation app deletes
it after 14 days.
That screenshot I just showed you is months old in the Xbox app.
So, there is something to say about that.
Bobby, I do see we have a call in the green room.
I want to get to that.
But Bobby Blackwell points out Sony and Nintendo's uploads to Twitter are still working.
So, no word yet if they are still paying the fee, or if it just hasn't hit them yet,
or what's going on with that.
So, we'll see how much longer those features are still there.
So, all right.
If that's all with that, then let's actually get to a call.
We'd love a call here.
I hope I didn't guilt anyone to call again, but we'll see.
Hi, you're on origin sounds radio.
Who's this?
Hello, this is AJ Twist.
Can you hear me all right?
Yeah, we can hear you fine.
You sound great, actually.
Nice and crystal clear.
It's great to hear from you.
How are you?
Doing pretty good.
Yeah.
I'm busy.
I have a question I'm dying to ask you, but I want to know what you called in about first.
I want to talk about Evo.
Okay, this is going to be on the same page.
So, let's talk about Evo.
What do you want to talk about with Evo?
I want to know your question first.
Okay.
No, it's standoff now.
You first.
No, you first.
You first.
Okay, here's my question.
Last time you called, or maybe it was the time before, you talked about Nintendo shutting
down the Smash Brothers tournament stuff and the whole mess that the panda and all that
created.
And I remembered you had your weekly tournaments that you did with friends, and I thought that
was really cool and all that.
So, my question was, Nintendo recently announced a live event in Seattle, and they mentioned
that tournaments were going to be a part of that event.
So, I was kind of curious, like, do you care?
I haven't even looked to see.
I heard Nintendo announced something, but I haven't even bothered to go look to see
what it was yet.
I'm interested.
I want to see what they're going to do.
I want to know who's really running it, because I know Nintendo's done like a small tournament
before.
I think it might have even been at E3 or something like that a few years ago when I think either
Brawl first came out, or maybe it was Smash 4 for Wii or for 3DS.
One of those.
E3?
Bitch, she died.
For reals, right?
Even that tournament they held, I think it was more of an invitational, and they just run things differently
than how a grassroots tournament would have ran it.
I know there's a whole controversy, too, with items being on and certain stages being banned,
and I'm pretty sure they probably just ran everything open.
Stuff like that.
That's what I'm really concerned about as far as how Nintendo would run an actual tournament.
Would they follow the rules that the competitive grassroots Smash scene follows, or would they
do their own thing?
I'll look into that later, because I heard about that.
I was interested in what they're planning.
Yeah, because that would lead into a question about, especially since we've talked about
burning bridges, and your PR needs CPR earlier in the show, and I was just curious, with
all the negativity that Nintendo trying to do there, I was curious, are they going to
get some goodwill back by finally showing what they're doing for their own tournaments?
I guess it's too early to tell.
We need to see the tournament first, and that makes sense.
Yeah, exactly.
See how they're going to hold it.
Is it going to be open?
Is it invitational?
Stuff like that.
All right.
Let's talk about EVO, then.
Yeah, EVO.
Like I said last time, I've been there a lot.
I've been there, I think, 10 or 11 times by now, over the past, I don't know, 15 years
or so.
I just want to share my experience, because last year was amazing.
Everyone was kind of worried about Sony, because Sony bought EVO, so they're like, you know,
they own it now.
But they're still letting the people who started it run it, though, which is really good.
They haven't stepped in too much to change anything, really.
But I guess Sony's more of a, I don't know what you would call it, a sugar daddy, right,
to get all the money, giving all the money to EVO so we can use it to spend it for whatever
we got to do.
So last year, going to EVO, it was the first year that we've been back in person, I believe,
and it was the first thing that we got to see what Sony was going to do with it.
And it was great.
It was like a big convention, a huge, huge hall, a lot of stations.
When you play, tournaments go over like about three days, a whole three-day time.
But the first two days is really when they do all, everybody playing their matches.
So there is 100 stations with like four monitors each so they can run the tournaments quickly.
And then they have like a handful of stages for each game.
So any big matches that were coming up with some of the top players that they were playing,
you know, they'll be able to play on the stage and everyone could crowd around and watch their matches.
I guess you can imagine it like as Coachella, you know, you have random stages and it's
like, oh, this person is going to be playing this game over here.
Let's run over there.
Which Sony's been to Coachella, actually.
Yeah, they brought their trucks there one year.
I don't remember if it was the year, I think it was the year I went.
I went, okay, I went to Coachella, no shit, 20 years ago.
We went to go see Bjork and the Chemical Brothers and Susie and the Banshees reunion were headlining
and it was a great show.
But I remember Sony trucks were there showing off like the PS2.
Wow, it's amazing.
How long has Coachella been going on?
Oh, forever.
Forever.
Wow.
But yeah, so Evo, not only is that part really great about it last year, but that was only half of the whole convention hall.
Maybe even just one third of it.
I would say the other one third of it was all like artist alley stuff.
A lot of vendors there selling great art, random just products and stuff like that.
And it's Evo, so a lot of stuff is fighting game related, which you don't really see too often in other places except for maybe like Street Fighter stuff.
But being able to see Guilty Gear stuff, Tekken stuff, even Guilty Gear, that was all really cool.
And then the other third of it was another smaller tournament called Vortex and they just hold whatever game they want to hold and see who signs up.
And it's their own just side tournament separate from Evo.
And that was another section.
And they also had like Red Bull set up over there too. Red Bull's doing their own mini tournament too with random games.
And there's a couple of other indie developers too showing off games that they had working on and stuff like that.
So it really sounds like just a whole little fighting game convention.
Basically, yeah.
Or versus game at least, certainly.
Yeah.
And then the bigger part of it too that I love was the arcade.
They just had free play arcade machines there, a lot of them fighting games.
I think they had like DDR going on over there too.
A couple of music games.
And like Ninja Turtles was there too. A couple of those beat-em-up games were there too.
And it was all just free play.
So anyone could just show up and start playing a game.
So that was awesome.
And one of my memorable moments there with the arcade was playing Super Puzzle Fighter.
I saw a machine there and I saw some random lady there.
I think she was from Japan because she wasn't speaking really good English for me.
We were just trying to communicate.
But we were playing against each other and she was just kicking my ass.
And then a little crowd showed up and I was like, all right, whoever's up next, you can take over.
And then someone else took over and then more people started playing.
So it was just like an old arcade vibe.
There were people just challenging.
But over Puzzle Fighter though, which was amazing.
I even left for a little bit and I came back and one of those people was still there.
And I was like, oh, let me get another game in.
And still got my ass kicked.
And then after she was done playing, the first lady that I started off with came back.
And she was like, oh, can I play you again?
I was like, yeah, let's go again.
So it was a good time, great time there.
That's great, especially probably being the first big event for you in that community since COVID lockdowns.
It just kind of, absence makes the heart grow fonder, that type of thing, right?
Yeah.
That was great.
Before I let you go, I thought of another question for you that's very timely.
Since you are a fighting game fan and you've called in a lot to talk about that.
Currently, you have an opinion on all the Street Fighter 6 news this week?
Not yet. I know the demos released.
I don't own any consoles except for Switch.
So I'm waiting for a PC demo to release and I heard that will be next week.
Fair. It's next week, yeah.
Yeah. And I don't think there's, I don't think there's online I heard.
I think there's no versus right now.
I think it's only that open world.
It's the open world. I think the arcade mode is really limited.
I have to admit, I haven't even touched it, but I think there's like two characters available.
Probably Luke or whoever the new guy is on the cover.
He's certainly one of them because that's who influences all the moves on your characters.
And then probably one other.
Oh, Luke and Ryu is all that's new.
Yeah, I think I saw a post about that earlier. That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah, if it comes out for Steam next week and there's a few more characters, then I'm interested.
Because I'm not really interested in playing Luke or Ryu right now.
Fair.
I'm waiting to try out, I think her name is Lily.
Well, they can't give it all to you or you're not going to buy it.
No.
But yeah, I think I'll buy it anyways.
Yeah, it's June's a big month.
Like, it is very strange that when I think of June in games, I'm not thinking of Street Fighter VI first.
Because honestly, any other year I would be.
But this year between Diablo and Final Fantasy, I'm like, that's my bread and butter right there.
I almost, just a little bit, almost, maybe, depending on how the acquisition news goes, almost want to do BlizzCon this year.
I don't think I will, ultimately, because I just think there's higher priority things on my plate.
But like, what can I say? I love Diablo.
Yeah, and I'm also excited for Diablo II.
June's going to be kind of busy between Street Fighter.
I'm going to enter for Street Fighter VI at EVO.
I already signed up for that.
And also Tekken 7, since Tekken 8 isn't out yet.
And then I'm waiting for word of side tournaments happening so I can enter for Soul Calibur VI again as well.
So that's what I'm looking forward to.
And EVO's all in Vegas, right?
All Las Vegas, yeah.
Vegas is not that far. I need to go one of these years, honestly.
So, one of these years, I'll get out there.
I'm not usually, like, when I think about the games I enjoy, I don't dislike fighting games.
Certainly. I mean, I'll buy Street Fighter VI. I'm positive.
But I just don't follow them as closely as other types of games.
I feel like, oh, EVO's not for me because it's super competitive.
But the way you describe it, where it's like, nah, it's just like a big convention of people who like these types of games.
And I love the chill arcade vibe.
I love, that's my favorite part of conventions.
That's what I loved about MAGFest. That's what I love about California Extreme.
That's why I want to go to Southern Fry Game Expo one of these days.
Just those big open arcade, Dragon Con shit.
I spend most of my con there, too. So, it's a lot of fun. I love that.
Yeah, it is. And it's also even more fun.
Like, if you, because last year, me and my group of friends all went and we all entered, you know, at least two different tournaments, two different games to play.
And I remember our first day, Friday, we had just a full schedule.
Like, everybody was playing somewhere.
So, every two hours, we were running to like a different area, a different station, you know, for me to play a match or for one of my friends to play a match or, you know, just back and forth all day.
And so, that was just fun. Just having something to do like every couple hours, go watch my friend get beat at a couple games.
It was fun. So, at the very least, to watch people play is great.
Yeah. I'm going to have to make it out there. And it's not like, you know, like I could also do the thing where it's like I dip into EVO one day and then Alan is there and he'll be like, I want to go see a show.
Okay, we'll go see a show. Go have a meal. Go eat at Hell's Kitchen or something. Have a Vegas time.
Definitely do that. At the very least, like get a one-day pass. Check it out.
Exactly.
That's awesome.
You know, the first time I ever went to TwitchCon was a one-day pass the very first year. That was our voiceover guy, Jason, said, you should go to this. You know, I was like, okay.
And he was gracious enough to give me like an extra ticket or something they had. And I went and it actually completely changed my perception on Twitch.
That's cool.
So I want to try that someday too. Or at the very least, you can also do the finals match where you're just in the huge stadium, big screen and just watching top eight of all the matches.
Feeling that buzz.
Yeah, I haven't done that yet.
Wait, do I get to scream light the beam when they win like we do here?
I think so, yeah.
Since all the Northern California teams are moving to Vegas, I mean, might as well.
All right.
Well, there's options.
AJ, thank you so much for sharing that and making me want to put room for Evo on my calendar, quite honestly.
Take care.
Thanks so much for calling.
It's always a delight to hear from you and we hope to hear from you again.
For sure.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Always great to hear from folks.
And of course, if you want to give us a call, you can join our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And please feel free to give us a call.
But with that, did we have any other last minute stories, Loki?
Yeah, there was one thing.
So basically that there's that new a golem game that's coming out.
They're going to be charging with DLC to add more Elvish into the game.
So the characters speak native Elvish.
You have to pay money for that.
Because, of course, it's Warner Brothers and they're going to charge for everything.
Whatever happened to a fucking controller unlock code?
Remember that?
That doesn't happen anymore.
We love a callback.
Let me call back to an earlier story.
That's what the gamers over 50 really fucking want.
What do the gamers over 50 really want?
We don't need the representation in games as bad as we need.
Keyboard and controller, Chico, up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right.
You know the rest.
We need those.
You know they have to pay the voice actors.
Ah, fair.
You have to rely.
That used to all be inclusive in the budget.
The voice actors already recorded their lines in English.
And I get it that they taught them to speak in Elvish where they had them record additional lines.
But that's just part of the budget of the game then.
They're just piece-paling it.
If the game's already released and they're making additional content for it, then...
It's not out yet.
Oh.
They're releasing DLC prior to the game coming out.
Or they're saying that it's basically pre-order, paid unlock nonsense.
It's just...
Then don't record it.
If it's a thing that's going to cost extra money, you either include it in the budget or you just don't do it.
You don't sell it separately.
That'd be like saying, oh hey, we have language options in the game, but those are going to cost you.
That's dumb.
Think of it like when you go to buy a new car and you're adding options to it, I guess.
Or if you are having a house built and you want the extra big closets.
Well, but think about when you buy a Blu-ray and you can change the language track.
So there's also cases for the other, yeah.
If you want to go the car equivalent, that's the equivalent of them having seat warmers in their car, but you have to pay a monthly fee to use those seat warmers.
That's a fucking thing they do.
What is Sirius XM? What is that?
There's other things, too, that are more egregious.
It's basically because they don't want to ship multiple SKUs, so they're like, ah, we'll just disable it, even though the functionality is already there.
It's in the code. It's paid unlock.
Capcom used to do that because it's easier for the consumer.
I would say it's a matter of time before people start hacking their cars, but I would say that, but that's already happening.
Of course it is. Of course it is because of the internet.
That's stupid because people don't agree with it, so of course they're being motivated.
But then again, that's also a problem for people to buy really expensive cars.
Just don't buy those cars then.
It's not like something they can patch into it unless you're probably Tesla or something like that, but your normal car that you have now isn't going to all of a sudden one day start demanding money for windshield wipers or something like that.
Can you imagine? The deposit quarter to run windshield wipers.
You don't drive a Fiat.
All right. With that, we're going to wrap up and get on out for the night.
Thank you as always though for listening to our show and downloading.
We appreciate you all being here.
If you enjoyed what you heard, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out here on air.
So a nice five star review on iTunes or Spotify or wherever it is you found this show goes an awful long way.
Speaking of Spotify, they have places where you can leave feedback now, and I'm just saying I did find out how to go read those.
So for you Spotify folks, if you want to say hello or whatever.
Found out how to read.
I learned how to read.
I realized, oh, you need to log into the Spotify podcast portal and you can see all that in one convenient place instead of having like, is this episode have one?
Does this episode have one?
So you can kind of go through and see that.
So I will see those.
Maybe that's where we need to solicit feedback.
I don't know.
Because people use all sorts of podcast apps.
I don't want to limit it.
Spotify cannot have exclusive features unless they pay us.
But if you do want to leave feedback, that is one option to do it.
I think that's really it.
Otherwise, I think we're going to go around and give everybody's final thought and wrap it on up and do this again in seven days.
So I will go to Dark Sakura.
I will not have Gwen or Fixie tonight.
I may have Shayla later.
So if anybody wants to play some survivor rounds with me, you're welcome and invited.
All right.
Killer matches. I've been playing killer lately.
It's kind of fun.
I've got a couple of dailies to do, but they're on characters I've already adapted.
I might just do them because, I mean, it's easy.
It's like Doctor and Freddy.
Oh, Doctor gets the easiest ones.
This is so easy.
And Freddy, too.
I mean, all you have to do is just chase people.
Oh, that's easy.
Nice.
All right.
We'll have a good stream, Dark Sakura.
We'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Moving over to Loki and your final thought tonight.
I'm just going to be busy again.
Busy this week with more Minecraft stuff.
It's like a broken record.
As always.
My final thought.
I have a very, very, very busy week at work this week.
It's going to be very good that this is like a mountain.
I have a big project that is getting its delivery to a big audience this week.
I don't love to talk about my day job on places like this, but that's all I'm going to say.
So I needed your thoughts and prayers.
I need all of that.
Whatever it is you've got for me, give it to me.
And I do hope to be doing some streaming this week again.
Final Fantasy Pixel Remaster is calling my name.
So I'll see you guys on stream later this week, for sure.
That does it.
That does it for another week of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you all for being here.
I hope you all have a fantastic week.
Happy gaming, whatever it is you're playing.
Or if you're just looking forward to June, or probably May,
and the release of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom.
Honestly, that's the first one.
That's the first crack in the dam.
We'll be excited for all that stuff.
And I hope you have fun playing whatever it is this week.
We'll see you in seven days.
Have a great week, everybody.
Goodbye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio,
nor VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
