Since the loss of ThinkGeek, there's been a void of great geek April Fools, especially for anything that could be feasibly tangible. Hats off to the Sonic social team for having a dream as completely off the beaten and expected paths as it was, and congratulations on making it happen. The reaction to the murder of Sonic the Hedgehog has been wonderful to see, the commentary has been amazing, and it's always a treat to start April in smiles and fascination rather than not.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again, with episode number 955 of our show for tonight, April the 9th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined, as always, by my co host. Say hello first and foremost to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Jamie Summers Hey.
Hi, how are you doing?
Jamie Summers I'm okay.
Rob Roberts Yeah?
Jamie Summers My- I've been doing new things with my body.
Rob Roberts Now, now this is a family show.
Jamie Summers It's clean.
Rob Roberts Okay, what kinds of things?
Jamie Summers Well, I've gotten back, I can now lift some weights again. I do yoga practically every day now. And I'm starting basic ballet.
Rob Roberts Oh, wow. Okay. It's very artistic. I love that.
Jamie Summers Well, I have to have a bar and I found some courses that teach online. And now I have mad respect for, for dancers. Just just try to go from a first position demi plié into elevé and do that 20 times.
Rob Roberts Will I be seeing you in next year's production of The Nutcracker?
Jamie Summers No. But apparently, Queer Jesus just followed me. So I'm following them back.
Rob Roberts Well, it's a good day for that.
Jamie Summers But at any rate, it's, it's all this attempt I'm doing to try to get the range of motion back in my in my hips since I have arthritis. And I'm doing so much stuff now that now my back actually starts hurting if I don't maintain good posture.
Jamie Summers So, um, but I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get myself stronger, get myself geared up. And of course, there's all the prep work for the event on my birthday.
Rob Roberts Getting old is fun. Is the lesson learned there?
Jamie Summers No, it's not old. Older.
Rob Roberts Old. Okay, yes. Older.
Jamie Summers We're older every day. Old is not. It doesn't mean anything.
Rob Roberts I'm older now than I was when the show started.
Jamie Summers Everyone is. But old doesn't mean anything anymore. It's, it's a state of being and not a number on the calendar.
Rob Roberts All right. Well, also say hello to somebody. I don't know if he's going to be signing up for ballerina classes anytime soon. But you never know. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
No, I will not be doing that.
Jamie Summers You know what, you don't need to improve your posture. Like I, I think I do.
Rob Roberts No, I absolutely do. But that will be not that that's not the method I'll be using to improve my posture.
Jamie Summers You could start by actually playing that Dance Dance Revolution machine in your garage.
Rob Roberts You know, actually, funny. Yeah. Funny you mentioned that. Yeah, I should do that. I earlier this week, I was like, man, I need to go out there and like, just hook everything back up again, because it's broken PC.
Jamie Summers I don't know if you went outside today, but it's like, oh, shit. Summer just showed up all of a sudden. It's not that bad. But I was like, I did. Yeah, we had our week long transition. Spring happened and now it's summer. So yeah.
Jamie Summers sj100matt in our chat because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network. Nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Blackwell show. sj100matt in chat says I mean, DDR does have a bar. So
Jamie Summers it's a difference between a bar and a bar. There is B a r r e.
Jamie Summers And for the record, I'm not planning on going out and actually being a dancer. I just want to learn the techniques and, and have the benefit of it. I'm not an in person performer performer unless it's like musical instruments or whatever.
Jamie Summers And it's not for everybody. It just happened to be the thing that has really done wonders for my mobility.
Jamie Tworkowski There's, there's, you're not going to appreciate this comparison. I'm sorry, but it's the first thing that comes to mind. But I'm very familiar with a lot of ladies and guys too and theys that have done pole dancing classes for very similar reasons. It's not that they ever really intend to use it. But it's that same type of, you know, yeah.
Jamie Tworkowski In comparison, I actually found video of ballerina pole dancers. By training usually a ballerina is going to have stronger legs than upper body. And a pole dancer is going to have a stronger upper body. So put the two together and you're seeing musculature that belongs on She-Hulk doing things on a pole I never thought were possible.
Jamie Tworkowski For my birthday once, a friend, well, sadly, a former friend, but still at the time, it was very nice gesture, did a free like comp pole dancing class for me and a few friends. And I remember Extafur was there as well.
Jamie Tworkowski Yeah, it was, you know, like I said, it was a different time. But at the time, we had a great time and Extafur was very good at pole dancing as it turns out.
Brandon Zemp You answered your question, Darksack, right? Yes, there was a pole dance hero. It was an adult swimming web game.
Jamie Tworkowski Oh shit. Why have I not played this?
And DJ Rama S in our chat says there is a pole dancing anime coming out later this year called Pole Princess. Well, I guess the name Pole Position was taken.
Brandon Zemp Yeah, I was gonna say I want to see the anime with pole dancing, you know, race cars, pole position. Hell yes.
All right, sorry to take your joke. All right, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic, which is about something admittedly I have yet to see. But the reality is a lot of you have seen it. And I mean, a lot of you have seen it. And it is the Super Mario Brothers movie, which, of course, was released into theaters this weekend. I did not get around to seeing it this weekend. I don't think, Darksack, I don't think you did. I remember
I have not. Yeah, I'm actually considering going to see on like a Tuesday mat.
That's where I'm at. I kind of like I'll find a weeknight I can go.
Yeah, but I still have other stuff I'd rather see.
Loki, you did see it.
I mean, honestly, like if you're gonna go to the movie. Yeah, it was it was good.
You want to see it again? You want to see it again? That's what you're gonna say, huh?
No, no, no, no.
So so I was actually I was talking about this earlier to my sister, so
they were talking about like the Dungeons and Dragons movie and Mario.
And I was like, if someone asked me, hey.
Let's go see one of those two movies again this week or something like that.
I picked the Dungeons and Dragons movie.
OK, that's not to say that the the Super Mario movie wasn't good.
It was good. I liked it.
I think it's kind of just your run of the mill, like.
Illumination movie, I guess it's not bad.
It's just not like it wasn't hilarious.
It wasn't like super funny or anything.
It was just it was satisfying.
It was satisfying to watch.
Is it something I need to see like right away again?
I mean, maybe if I want to pick up like on some of the background
like Easter eggs and stuff like that a little bit more than what I did.
But Dungeons and Dragons was funny,
like I actually laughed out loud at a bunch of stuff in that.
That's a great movie.
Like that, I would see again,
and I'm very excited to see what they do with that humor.
But like, honestly, both are good.
I'm sure a lot of your gaming podcasts that you all listen to out there
are going to be talking a little bit in depth about their impressions
or reviews of the movie, and that's great.
So I suppose I should allow Loki a little bit of space
without spoiling anything, obviously, because not only have you
and Dark Soccer and I not seen it, but I'm sure there's people listening in chat.
So obviously gags, specifics in the gags aside,
what were kind of just, I guess, your general thoughts on the movie?
I mean, you kind of started to go there.
You talk about that it was satisfying, but like, you know,
were you kind of did you see like opportunities
they needed to take advantage of that weren't there? Was it?
Yeah, the opportunity they should have taken advantage of.
Don't show the whole movie in your trailers.
That's number one, because there's a lot of stuff that would have been
more impactful had they not shown it in their trailers.
And yeah, I was excited about the movie.
So I watched the trailers and the TV spots and all that stuff.
But they showed a lot of the movie,
like a lot of the big stuff that was in there. Yeah.
So there wasn't like any surprises, kind of.
And I think that's what kind of made it not as good as it could have been,
is because, you know, all of that surprise was kind of thrown out the window.
You know, generally, I mean, plot wise, funny,
you know, it sort of kind of reminds me a little bit of the the 90s
Mario movie in a sense, like there's a part at the end
that is like what what they were trying to do in the 90s movie.
But then they actually did it in this one. But then
I don't know, like there's a lot of like
Easter egg stuff in there, like obviously, you know, the DK rap,
like the Mario Brothers,
you know, TV show theme, which you saw in the commercial again.
Once again, there's all that stuff and there are lots of music things.
Rob was right again about, you know, who Charles Martinet played, obviously.
I won't remind you, but go check the tapes on that episode.
I told you exactly what his role would be.
And it turns out, just add that to the scoreboard.
Yeah, I heard he actually has two characters, but.
But yeah, it still was.
Yeah, I mean, so it made sense.
I mean, I don't know, I think it was pretty good.
It's just it's one of the things, though, it's like, I'm
am I like super pumped for like when the next movie comes out?
Yeah, I'll see it.
I'm not like, you know, really, really excited.
Probably this time would be I would try to avoid the trailers
because apparently illumination, the folks behind that,
they have no self-control when it comes to showing everything from the movies.
So I would just say that going forward, you know, if you want, you know.
That's why in our discord over at vog network dot com slash discord,
you know, Tiger Claw posts a lot of that movie hype.
This is not a read.
I get it.
Everybody gets into movies different ways.
And some people really want to, you know, consume all that and get in the hype.
So when it's something that, you know, I'm going to pick on Tiger Claw
a little bit since I am the Sonic, the Ninja Turtles and that whole
sorts of things that he's into.
He'll post every single little commercial spot that comes up.
And some people do want to see that and like buy into that hype.
And it's almost like you're drip feeding some of that movie.
So I get it. But we did build him essentially his own channel
so that people who don't want to consume all that.
Can stay out, you know what I mean?
So everybody has it.
There's no right or wrong way.
Everybody has their different levels of fandom.
And some some people when it comes to certain movies,
like they don't want to know a goddamn thing about it when they go in there.
And honestly, some movies are better
when you don't know a single thing going into it.
So, you know, it's just I think the writing could have been better
probably in the movie.
Like, it's funny, like because illumination movies, I don't like
see them as a negative thing, even like the movies are fine.
Like, sure, the characters are somewhat annoying, but that's by the
I can't stand the minion stuff, but I get it.
Like I get it. Yeah.
Look at the other stuff like around it.
Like I remember, like, for example, it's a really weird comparison, but like
The Secret Life of Pets, like the beginning of that movie, they play.
I remember at the song school, but it's like New York is the name of the song.
And it's just like shots of like Central Park and stuff like that.
But it's done so stylistically that it's just like really impactful
or like sing sing is another one that they do.
Like, it's a really like impactful moments in in that
those movies this didn't have that.
Like, it's just not like the heart is kind of missing in some of the stuff.
Now to say like Chris Pratt did a fine job.
I am totally fine with that.
In fact, it's funny because now that the movies come out, people are like, Whoa,
that Rogan didn't do a good job.
It's like, who cares?
Like, honestly, none of that detracted from the movie at all.
It's just there's not much plot there.
They hinted at things that.
They didn't address in this movie
that are probably being the next one or something,
but there's just not a lot of plot.
I mean, it's kind of.
I don't know, like it like how
how Mario gets to the Mushroom Kingdom is just kind of throwaway.
Like, I mean, it's about it's about like kind of
it's kind of what the 90s movie did.
Honestly, it's it's very similar.
Yeah. Do the games actually have a real plot?
No, I don't think they do.
And that's the thing.
Bowser's done interesting,
which it makes more sense when you look at like Odyssey and stuff.
It's very similar to that.
There's a lot of like a lot of Easter eggs and like things
from the Mario games and the movies and stuff are not movies,
but like just the games themselves, a lot of stuff taken straight out of that.
The Mario Kart thing just felt really like just out of nowhere.
I mean, it was fine. It was cool.
I mean, it's just I don't know.
I think they could have had better writers is what they they probably needed.
But like, yeah, illumination.
No, it's not bad when I go see the next one.
Absolutely. Day one again.
But like, it's just when you compare it to like Dungeons and Dragons,
which was thoroughly entertaining.
And I don't play a lot.
I played D&D like way back in the day.
But I'm like, not certainly a D&D aficionado or anything like that.
That movie is just very entertaining on its own.
And you have the writers that thank for that.
One question. Do they mention THAC0 at all?
I don't think so.
Darn. Maybe in the sequel.
All right, well, speak of his sequel.
So even though Loki gave a, you know, kind of a is all right type of review there.
And I'm kind of where I'm like, OK, I'm assuming
it's not going to be the most amazing Oscar winning plot here.
But as long as there's lots of Easter eggs and things that made me go,
I get that, like, which it sounds like there's a lot.
There's a lot of music.
I'll be fine. Yeah.
So lots of music stuff that's in there.
That's like because it's all the orchestra takes on those.
And it's like, oh, yeah.
Oh, so then like so much nostalgia stuff.
Like it's good in that sense.
And like I like I said, I don't want to say like I didn't enjoy it.
Like I thoroughly enjoyed the movie.
It's just not like one of those movies, like,
you know, Tron Legacy, where it's like, oh, man, I got to go.
I got to watch. Yeah, yeah.
Right now, that type of thing in IMAX.
I know it's not like that.
I don't really want to go to Florida, but if I'm going to go to Florida,
I guess I'll get my money to Disney and go ride that new Tron ride
because I really want to.
Let's just put it that way.
One of the hosts of a podcast I'm really fond of stuff you missed in history
got to go on it early and said that it was every bit as amazing
as one thinks it is.
I heard a lot of the electronica stuff
moved over there, too, that they they had it.
But anyway, that's another topic.
I want to go back to the Mario movie.
And even though across the board from critics getting kind of mad reviews,
that doesn't matter what matters box office.
And let's take a look at a report from Variety.
OK, so Variety is like a Hollywood industry type of magazine, right?
And Variety is talking
Super Mario Brothers movie barrels to a record two hundred
and four million debut.
And it talks about that the movie made two hundred
and four point six million in its first five days of release.
Some of you may be looking at a different number that's three hundred million.
You're looking at global versus US.
This is still a huge number for the US, that is for sure.
This is now the biggest opening weekend of the year.
Ant-Man and the Wasp was the prior record holder with about half
that one hundred and six million.
It is the second biggest debut ever for an animated title.
It outgrows Finding Dory from 2016,
at least for opening weekend, as far as it goes.
We go on to talk about another one hundred
seventy three million from the International Box Office.
Three hundred and seventy seven million worldwide.
That's off of a one hundred million dollar production budget.
It was expected to collect eighty six million over the weekend.
And one hundred and twenty five in its first five days of release.
So this is a better than expected turnout for this movie.
And I got to say, I think this is this is going to be huge
for our video games going to movies.
And just like we were already going this direction, right?
You know, video games have been slowly taking over media,
you know, especially ever since The Witcher did very well on Netflix,
which, yes, I know is a book, but come on.
It was the video games that, you know, was was really pushing that and so forth.
And then, you know, you had the Castlevania anime.
And then, you know, then you had all this stuff that happened
on the Netflix side of things and all the streaming services.
And then Resident Evil, they have the Resident Evil series.
Well, it didn't go too well because it's canceled.
No, I'm not talking about the live action anime. Yeah.
Yeah, I really liked Degeneration.
Resident Evil Degeneration was such a good watch.
Yeah, the live action, yeah.
But and it had
Anatsuchia on the soundtrack, so that was great.
But now, as far as, you know, 2023 goes,
you've got that one, two punch of The Last of Us on HBO.
Obviously, a very different kind of thing than Super Mario Brothers.
But this is this is huge.
Like you're going to see a ton of video game stuff get green lit real soon.
A sequel happening to this movie.
Any anybody could call that that is 100 percent happening at this point.
There'll be a sequel to Super Mario Brothers.
I'm sure it was set up for plenty of them.
Yeah. Yeah. So that that's going to happen for sure.
Not a question.
But now the question is, how much does Nintendo start to go? Oh.
We should have maybe started to let go of some of our IPs some time ago.
I understand the 90s Mario movie bombed.
It wasn't received well, although it's interesting.
There's been some interesting look back pieces in light of this new movie.
And it's interesting to kind of read about what they were really going for
with the 90s movie and some of the places that they went wrong.
But here's what it was at the end of the day with the 90s Mario movie.
And quite honestly, a lot of video game stuff we got in the 90s.
The original Street Fighter movie, the Mortal Combat movies and so forth.
A lot of those things were brought to you by people who didn't play the games.
Or they knew a little bit of them or whatever.
The Halo series.
There's a reason I left that out for my earlier.
But anyway, but you get there's also now people now that it's a different generation, right?
Now that it's 2020s, as opposed to the 1990s, we're 30 years later.
And the people that are making movies now are the people that grew up with this stuff.
And they're making the movies that, you know, are more in line with what we wanted to see way back then.
Sorry, Bobby. Yes, it was. Do the math.
It was that long ago.
Seriously, you know, just like look at like the Sonic the Hedgehog movie
and like what trash that originally would start out as.
Like, who would have thought that like that would have been that good?
Like, you know, or even the sequel.
Well, and I'm glad you brought up the Sonic movies, because honestly,
that was also really the start of this whole recent wave.
Really, I think the pandemic kind of threw things off a little bit.
But I think Sonic doing well was certainly something that added to,
you know, what we see with the Mario movie and so forth.
So, loony barred in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network says, to be fair,
the original Mario movie is kind of a so bad it's hilarious thing.
Oh, yeah, now it is.
So but so is 90s classics such as Showgirls and stuff.
There's there's movies age differently.
I would recommend, though, that for the Mario movie,
there are a few really good documentaries
about what it was intended to be with, like original
storyboards and whatnot.
And it could have been a really good movie.
It really could have.
And it got fucked over and it was being rewritten while the movie was being.
Yeah, yeah.
Of course, then again, Xanadu was too, but Xanadu was perfection.
But I don't.
There's a lot of movie critics that would not agree with you, Jamie,
but it doesn't matter.
They're wrong to hell with what critics think.
It's what about you? It's what you think, right?
Well, you know, for the record, Olivia Newton-John said that
that was her favorite movie to shoot because she got to dance with Gene Kelly.
And my favorite horror movie of all time is Elvira,
Mistress of the Dark, and I will never change that answer.
I don't care what.
So you know what else we have coming out this year, which they put out
the first green shot from is the Five Nights at Freddy's movie.
Oh, yeah, because they're opening that.
They're opening that the same weekend as the Saw revival or whatever
they're doing with that franchise.
Yeah, Saw X or X.
I don't I don't know with a movie like that.
You don't know is it is it meant to be called X like Mortal
Kombat was or is it Saw X? I don't know.
Yeah, it's October 27th.
And my thing that I'm most excited about is the Jim Henson companies
doing the animatronics for they're doing all the puppets and everything.
So it's fun. It's going to look good.
Like, I'm not even really a huge fan of Five Nights at Freddy's,
but like, I just like the concept of that.
Like, I'd absolutely go see that.
You know, it's funny because there's a lot of people on the Internet
and things I'm seeing on social media that like it's it's foolish
for Five Nights at Freddy's to open the same weekend as Saw.
Like it's got to go.
I think the reverse is true.
I think the reverse is totally true.
I think Saw needs to run because they're look, those types of horror
movies have their crowd, but the the do not underestimate
how the kids identify like there's going to be so many kids
that want to see that movie, whether they should be or not.
But I would say it's I'm going to guess what it's going to probably go
for PG 13, right? And probably I would guess your oldest is getting
pretty close to 13, isn't he?
I feel like time will be 13 by the time the movie. Oh, my God.
So I mean, like, but your your oldest is like exactly
who I'm thinking of who's going to carry that Five Nights movie.
Like his, you know, 13 year olds are going to want to see that movie.
And ironically, he probably doesn't care about the movie at all.
That's fine, but it'll be good.
Like, I think it'll be good
if it all has to do is beat Willy's Wonderland
and Willy's Wonderland is pretty amazing.
But just because Nicolas Cage is in there.
But like, hey, you know what?
There's always room for the Five Nights at Freddy's sequel
to have Nicolas Cage in it.
But they've got Matthew Lillard in there.
So like, I love Matthew Lillard.
So I. I mean, I can't wait.
It's going to be awesome.
I wouldn't want to see it unless it was rated R.
Oh, yeah, we'll see.
I don't know. It might be violent. Who knows?
You rated R, I'll go see it.
I would say best case scenario, you get a Megan situation
where it's PG 13 in the theaters and then there's like an uncut one
that they release the best case scenario.
I think that's what you get.
I need to see that. I still need to see that movie.
Oh, Megan. Yeah, so good. It's so good.
I'm kind of disappointed that Mario outgrossed it.
No, I'm kidding. It's completely expected.
All right. But let's talk about some other movies that are coming.
This one was probably already in talks before the Mario thing happened.
But this really solidifies it.
Honestly, legendary entertainment who brought us
some really big franchises as of late.
Jurassic World, Pokemon, Detective Pikachu, Dune, Godzilla vs.
Kong, Kong, Kong.
They have purchased the film and TV rights to Street Fighter.
Obviously, the Capcom franchise.
This is reported by The Hollywood Reporter.
This means any and all future projects, meaning streaming series,
anime, live action movies, all of it.
And Capcom actually went so far as to confirm
a new movie is in the works at Legendary.
In a tweet at Street Fighter wrote a new live action
Street Fighter movie is in the works, co-produced by Legendary
Entertainment and Capcom.
More news to come in the future.
So obviously that is all we know for now.
But, you know, very interesting.
Well, we just got a Mortal Kombat reboot a few years ago.
But, you know, the Street Fighter reboot, it's
it's not going to look anything like the 90s movie.
Like we have to get that out of our head.
Let's not forget, though, that there also was a 2000s movie.
There was. There was.
It was not good. Somehow worse.
It seems like it should be, you know, very significant news.
But for me, it's just a Tuesday.
Tiger Claw and Chat says what you did there. Funny.
Tiger Claw and Chat says Street Fighter is going to be tricky to adapt.
They already did it twice, and it still couldn't capture the magic of the games.
I there's actually a third adaptation live action called Street Fighter
Assassin's Fist, and it's I've I've started watching it
actually about a week or so ago.
It's actually not too bad.
It's a web series.
And the the whole thing was already compiled and put up in full on YouTube.
And it's it's pretty good.
The the style is like IRL cosplay outfit type.
Like they try to mimic the game with how they look very alpha.
But it's it's really good.
I'm really enjoying enjoying it so far.
A lot better than the other two live action attempts.
But as far as this goes, it's all out the window. It doesn't matter.
They're going to start from scratch.
There's not going to be any references to any of this older stuff.
Maybe if you're lucky, you get either a nod to Raul Julia,
which I think you'd see that like maybe a painting of him or something
that's in the background in a scene.
You see like you'll see something like that
or that the Tuesday line will somehow sneak its way into the movie.
That's that's it. That's all you're going to get.
I'm saying it now, Kylie Minogue.
Hell yeah, I would take Kylie Minogue as Kami or even a little amazing.
She could she could even cameo as like the head of British intelligence
or whatever, you know, whatever Kami comes from.
You know, the reason she was in it,
you know, the reason why she was in that movie to begin with is because
they filmed the first part of it in Thailand and then
they had to leave due to expenses and film the rest of it in Australia.
And they needed an Australian actor.
Oh, how funny.
And I'll go ahead and repeat what I said before the show,
that Sawada's character was because the actor I need
I don't remember his given name, but I know his name is Sawada.
They wanted him to play for you, but they had already cast for you.
So they basically made
they made a character for him and everyone loves him because he's amazing.
Yeah, at least he's more loved than Cole.
The reason why there are not as at the time as well-known actors in it
was because it put all of their hiring budget into getting Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Hmm. OK, bring him back.
It's Colonel Guile. He could still do it.
Nobody from the older movies is coming back.
Maybe a cameo, but that's it.
Have Jean-Claude Van Damme play Bison.
No, Jean-Claude Van Damme is going to be nowhere near this movie.
Or wait, no, bring him back as a really angry, grizzled Rolento.
No, they don't they don't want ties to the old stuff.
This is going to be brand new.
I know, I know. But I could totally see him playing Rolento now.
I'm curious if they adapt Street Fighter II,
which is kind of like the most well known with those characters,
or if they start to incorporate, you know, more expanded universe,
because they're really just the mainline universe.
I'm talking about the rosters for four or five and soon to be six.
If we start to see some of those characters come into play,
or if it's if like they do two first and then if it does well,
maybe we'll see some of those more expanded roster characters in a sequel.
I don't know. I don't know.
This is going to come from a different creative team who grew up with it.
It's not it's going to be better.
It has to be. It has to be.
It can't be worse than the Chun-Li movie.
So anyway, but there are some good names in that that first live action movie.
Oh, no, there were.
Yeah, West Duty and I mean, some pretty amazing people.
And we had the future Leatherface.
Mm hmm. He played Zangief.
Yeah, we had a lot of, you know, for the time, big names in that movie.
And somebody in chat had said to kind of that that trivia fact that, oh,
Julia only did that movie because his grandkids wanted him to.
And he did it like a favor to them.
And he was also ridiculously sick.
Yeah. So the reason that everyone was supposed to go through weeks
of of martial arts training while he filmed his scenes first.
But he was so sick that they actually had to have
everyone do their scenes while he recovered.
And he was like the outfit that he wore was simply
to hide just how thin he had become.
Well, he's he's the reason to see that movie if, you know,
to put as much as there are other interesting actors and actresses.
Every movie he's in. Yeah.
But anyway, it's such a good villain.
Back to the Mario and you know what this is going to mean for the future.
I wonder now, because obviously the 90s movie and that whole experience
scared Nintendo away from making movies based off their IP for a very long time,
save the occasional maybe like anime because there was like an animal crossing thing.
Right. So very rare sort of thing.
I'm very curious to see if they start to green light
some more of their stuff to become movies.
And I, I really do think the success of this movie means in the next five years,
we're going to get that holy grail of video game adaptations.
Everyone's what everyone wants.
And that's The Legend of Zelda as a movie.
I have no idea how they tackle it.
What game they try to go for, if it would be a Breath of the Wild or it doesn't really matter.
But I think Zelda becomes a movie in the next five years based off the success of Mario.
It has to. It has to.
Anyway, it'd be interesting to see what develops, but I'm looking forward to seeing
the Mario movie at some point and catching all those references, that's for sure.
All right, let's move on.
We got to get into more news this week and our gaming weeks.
Yeah, one thing before that, though.
Yeah, because I was asked to say so.
Remember, I messaged you.
We have a message from Sturlock.
He lost his dad this morning very suddenly.
And he said to not take the ones you love for granted.
And I think that everyone needs to find
the people that they care about in their lives and tell them so.
Well, very sorry to hear that news, Sturlock, but we're all thinking of you.
And your family, both biological and chosen at this time.
So sending love.
All right. Well, hard to transition from that.
But let's do what we usually do and talk about our gaming weeks
and the types of video games we've been playing this week.
So Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of the usual.
I played more Beatlemania Pinball, which we are going to be buying it.
Oh, you are. OK, we are
probably going to do a trade and a buy.
And but I freaking love it.
I love it. I sing along with it, which is funny
because it's not even my favorite era of Beatles.
And then I played Marvel Midnight Suns.
I'm actually going to be doing that
instead of my retro night through the end of the month, because I've
I've been feeling that a little bit more lately, and I need to get my brain
back into the mindset for Star Ocean.
I've been playing
I actually bought Meet Your Maker for the cosmetics,
but I played it before.
But I'm definitely going to try to give the game another another shot.
Of course, I'm playing Dead by Daylight.
I hit Eerie One again for Survivor.
I guess I'm a Survivor main now.
What's wrong with me, Rob? What's wrong with me?
You have your own little squad that you run with now,
and when you play killer, you don't get to play with your friends.
So it's I mean, that's the big thing that change.
Go back and build my skills back up for my adepts,
which I will be working on a little bit on the 19th
on my my my birthday party on my channel.
It is not your fault, Gwen.
I'm going to tell you this right now.
You helped me because I wanted cosmetics.
It's the cosmetic addict's fault.
You you facilitated it,
but I wanted the the cosmetics.
I'm going to I'm going to give Gwen some big credit because she's been with you
from the very beginning when streaming Survivor and so forth.
She's been she's been the the I don't know, the
I'm not going to say it's your fault.
I'm going to say that you facilitated a lot of it. Yes.
You facilitated a lot of it.
So look, she's she's taken many hits and hooks, so you don't have to, OK?
That's true. That is absolutely true.
She is a founding member of Team Yeet.
I told you about how Team Yeet came about, right?
Oh, yeah, I think I was there that night.
Y'all did that. Yeah.
Yeah, that was fun.
And we're going to be we're going to have more Team Yeet action.
Just letting y'all know.
But but no, I like to say that
it's not so much of a blame thing as a facilitation.
I the wheels were in motion and actually
the first person I played Survivor with people
was Nick and Isaaco.
When they were still doing the the Nuzlocke thing.
But I bought a game today.
I ordered it so that we would get it when it comes out.
I ordered Osmond.
Oh, which for people who actually keep up with episode numbers.
And I looked it up.
It was episode seven hundred and ninety four that I did Osmond,
which was a game that was done by the designer of
of Capcom staff, Yotsui Koichi, who did Strider.
And Osmond was the first unofficial sequel to Strider.
And it's such a good game, but it's very obviously a Strider clone.
But I I'm not looking at anything
that Bobby says right now because I ordered for delivery.
But it's a game that's fond in our house.
You know, Dan's favorite game is Strider.
Yep. And, you know, we can't all have the great taste
to put the guardian legend at the top of our list.
But Strider is up there.
So I allow it. I allow it.
And that's really about I'm playing my stupid word game again to like
there's almost no challenge anymore.
I need I need something that has I need a game
like like word scapes that has a larger vocabulary.
Because I know these words.
There are some interesting words that pop in there that I'm like,
I don't know how people, you know, would know these otherwise,
but they do in there.
And oh, gosh, Bobby, I really want what rush.
I think we had the Mandalorian topper when we had the Mandalorian.
We have a topper for
Black Knight, sort of.
What's a pinball topper?
Is that the little figure that like hooks to the top of the machine?
OK, I've seen those. Yeah, the thing on top.
Yeah, I have the one for for Black Knight, sort of rage.
The thing is, we don't have a Black Knight, sort of rage.
Oops. Awesome table.
Our Weird Al should be coming in a couple of months, too.
We're going to be broke.
But anyway, that that's been the gaming,
and I'm actually hoping to get some Among Us time in this week.
That would be fun.
It's awesome.
Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
Um, it was just Minecraft.
I've been working on stuff for my modded series,
and I finished the build in that and
just get into editing the video now.
So hopefully we'll get that soon.
Still no word on the contest thing.
It's been over almost four weeks now.
We'll be coming up on four weeks of this Wednesday. So.
I mean, I don't know.
Aside from that, though,
there was a cool like April 1st version of Minecraft
with the vote update, so I've been filming stuff on there as well.
Hopefully I'll make a video out of that, too.
I haven't really been playing too much of that.
But I'm trying to get lots of videos.
I took two days off this week to hopefully do some of that,
but I didn't get to a lot of it. So.
Hopefully this week, maybe today, I don't know.
All right. My gaming week.
So before I get to the actual games, I have an interesting story
I have to kind of tell here on OLR.
And it's kind of what's been going on in my personal life the last few weeks.
So last week, I couldn't really talk about this,
but I can now because everything wrapped up on Friday.
But for the last two weeks, I've been on jury duty.
So it's, you know, something that you have to do once in a while,
you know, especially if your employer pays for it like mine does.
And it's not going to cause you a hardship.
I get to do that next week. Oh, boy.
Maybe you'll end up in the same place
I was because they just wrapped everything on Friday.
But anyway, here's the thing.
Here's the interesting story about that whole thing.
I don't really want to talk about the specifics of the case,
because quite honestly,
my brain hurts from the days of deliberations on all that.
And that's all I'm going to say.
So it's just, yeah.
But here's the funny, actual funny part.
So, you know, when they're doing the jury selection,
which takes like a day and a half, right?
You know, they're going through and they're interviewing everybody.
And I realized I didn't realize it right away,
but I realized on a break,
we were all kind of sitting out from the hall and I'm looking across from him,
like, this guy looks kind of familiar. And I'm like, Drew?
And he's like, yeah, hi. I was wondering when you noticed me. Yeah.
Intern Drew and I were on the same fucking case at jury duty. How's that?
What a small world is that? So for those that don't know, intern Drew,
when we were doing the show more live, you know,
we'd have like the actual like people in the, in the room, not just us,
but we had guests all the time and all that stuff.
So Drew was infamous when we used to do this show in the garage.
He knocked over the soundboard in the middle of one show. It was really funny.
But anyway, but here's, here's why that's funny and why I bring it up.
Because as part of the whole process,
when they're deciding who's going to be on the jury and who's not,
they actually ask you a series of question. And one of them is,
do you know any of the other jurors? And I had to be like, actually,
yes I do. And they probably don't hear that one a lot. And they're like,
well, who do you know? And I pointed it out. And so how do you know him?
And I had to say, well, we,
we run in similar nerdy gaming type of circles and he's been on my podcast.
And then the judge wants to ask about the podcast and wants to ask like, am I,
do I know not to talk about the case on the podcast?
Which obviously I did not last week when this was still going on.
I can say stuff now. I don't want to talk about the case anyways.
I'm not going to tell you those specifics, but I'll tell you, you know,
about this. Cause it's funny.
And the fact that now it's on official record legal
record that this podcast exists finally acknowledgement in
some form or the other, all because I knew Drew,
but I guess the punchline to all that drew did not get selected for the jury
because they pulled like 60 people into that room and they had the jury after
the first 20 or so.
So they never got to like two thirds of that room had to come there for like
two days, never to even get called up. And Drew was one of those folks.
So he got to go, but I had,
I had to text him after it was done going like you won't believe how that
went. So anyway,
that's out. Oh, the other interesting thing about that,
I have to give a hello to any of the other jurors that I met who might be
listening.
Cause I'm going to tell you there were more people legitimately interested in my
podcast at jury duty than there were the last E3 I went to.
So if any of the jurors I was on the case with actually made it this far into
the podcast, like thank you for,
cause God knows you heard enough of me the last two days.
Thank you for being here this far into the show.
And I'm glad you enjoy it and all that good stuff. But that was,
that was just a isn't that interesting. Wow. Type of thing. Small world, right?
Small world. So I see, I see Drew twice a week. I know that's why,
that's why I texted you going, um, I need Drew's contact info.
Like after it was done, I'm sure that came out in the blue. Like,
why does Rob want to talk to Drew?
But I was able to tell you cause it was after Friday at that point. But yeah,
I remember Drew saying that he wasn't chosen for a case at work and I was like,
Oh, okay. You know, and then now this comes up.
Guess who was,
but it was, it was literally luck of the draw.
Like my number was 11 in the list, which puts you,
it's one of the first 12.
So if the prosecution or defense doesn't kick you at that point,
based on the answers to your question, you're stuck. You're there.
I will say this is the irony.
So this is the second case I've ever sat on jury for the last one was in 2006,
long time ago. The show was still going, but it was a long time ago, right?
I was also juror 11 in that case.
So that number is fucking cursed. That's all I have to say.
It's what I shouldn't, I shouldn't it, you know,
I was really irritated at first because you know, my day job and all this stuff,
but then you get to a certain point where you're invested in it and you're like,
all right, I want to give this a fair shot. I want to do what's right.
I want to, you know, so yeah, I think it'll be fun. Oh yeah.
I was telling Shane about it and he was like, man,
I never get called for jury duty. I want to do it. And I'm like,
next time I get a summons, you can have it. Just, just go tell them you're me.
It wouldn't be so bad.
Like if I wasn't in Sacramento County cause driving, I hate driving downtown.
That's really it. Like it is the worst for me. I got to go home on lunch.
Oh, well, lucky you. But like, um,
I'm going to be that far from where I live if it, if it wasn't like, you know,
driving downtown and parking and all that, like the parking lots and.
The parking lot is not that bad anymore.
The parking lot really isn't bad.
I think they call less people because of COVID that it was not bad at all.
OK, well, that's good at least because it used to be a nightmare
just to do all that stuff.
No, I mean, that said though, at least I would enjoy like the local eateries
around there. They've got a really nice, like New York style,
or it's actually like a New York pizza chain or pizza place,
authentic New York stuff. They have that there.
Then they have like an authentic French soup place. That's also awesome. So,
uh, hopefully.
As the show and how to Matt and chat says, you know,
some legal intern had to listen to the show to make sure Rob didn't say
anything. I don't think so. No, I, I, yeah,
because I don't think they ever asked the name. I'm trying to remember.
I don't think she ever asked the name of it, but it's, what am I going to say?
Like, if I told you what the case was about,
it literally has nothing to do with anything that ever comes up on this program.
So it's like, why would I bring it up? So there's no, there's no point. So,
um, but yeah, so then, but, but there was,
so one of the people who had asked about my show was a juror who ultimately did
get kicked off. So she might've heard last week's show. I don't know.
If you're out there, hi, hi. Say, say hello, drop me a line on Twitter at Mr.
Rob Roberts. So let's say, say hello or whatever. Um, but yeah,
there was some, it was, uh, one of the other days I was,
so I didn't play a lot of games there at the courthouse cause you can't,
they're very strict. Like you cannot have your phones on in the courtroom just,
but when you're in the hallway killing time,
I would sit there and I'd have Pokemon go open.
And I was like catching stuff that was spawning around the courthouse.
And it did catch the attention of one of the other jurors who came up with you
play Pokemon go. And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm a little bit like trying to hide it. Like, no, that's for nerds.
Yeah. I play Pokemon go traded friend codes and all that.
So yeah, I forgot to mention, I actually, uh, opened up,
I installed an opened up ingress this weekend. Did you just, just to see,
you know,
what was going on and like where I was at in Rancho it was all gray.
Like all of it was gray.
There's a lot less people that play than they used to.
But, uh, yeah, I checked that out and I checked out Orna. Orna, I,
I can't navigate it anymore. It's just completely different now.
So I'm lost in that and ingress. I couldn't do anything. So I was like, eh,
uninstall. I don't know.
I understand. All right. So games I did play, that's enough about my outfit,
but I thought you'd all enjoy that story about how OLR sort of ended up on the
public record. Um, anyhow, uh,
so games I've played this week,
I've still continuing in Pokemon legends are chaos. Uh,
I actually am past the point I was at the first time I played through that
game.
There's something about Pokemon games where like if I start them a year after
they come out, I get a lot for actually that games out game has been out,
I think more like two years, but still,
I get a lot farther if I play after it's out and so forth than I do the first
time. I'm actually really enjoying like the game and this play through.
And I do plan on finishing it, uh,
before the pixel remasters release on console. Uh, thank you depth.
I couldn't remember if look pandemic lockdowns completely changed my sense of
time. I couldn't remember if it was one or two years.
So it's only one year old.
So I guess I beat sword and shield about a year after they came out.
So I guess I'm right on schedule and I'll probably finally get to violet and
scarlet this fall. So, Hey, it, it works out that way. But, um, yeah,
so I've been playing a lot of that,
but I'm still continuing on some old favorites, including, uh, Diablo three.
I'm at like paragraph 550 for the current season. Uh,
fall fantasy 14 been playing a little bit of that. Uh, even,
I even dipped into some dead by daylight, uh,
here and there a little bit this week. And, um, what else?
There was something else I played. I can't remember.
So it must not have been that big a deal, I guess. But, um, yeah, I just been,
you know, doing different stuff, filling time and yeah,
been enjoying the Pokemon play through that's for sure. So, uh,
looking forward to finishing up that up. All right. Uh,
we're going to get into some more gaming news and what's going on around the
industry and gaming culture as well. So let's get to it.
Loki wants to start us off.
So Microsoft doesn't want you to use their consoles for emulation,
um, is what they're trying to do.
So they've basically cracked down on folks using, uh,
emulators that were installed using the dev mode that you can put your Xbox
series S or X in, I think you can do that with the Xbox one,
but specifically the Xbox X and S, um,
allowing you to run those apps like retro arts, uh,
PP SPP and duck station, um,
using the universal windows platform versions of those games.
Um, so now they're basically cracking down on those, uh,
according to one of the developers.
So essentially Microsoft cracked down on my uploads, uh,
where they used to last months to weeks to days and until now. Um,
so I would simply re upload the apps whenever they were taken down to get
newcomers and everyone back up and running.
But it says the crackdown started ramp up around the end of summer going into
autumn, where they dealt with daily tech downs for awhile.
So the day after they went up, they'd be taken down.
We managed to find a way to get them the last three days. Um,
so I'm not naming them retro arch instead using randomized names.
Um, but yeah,
they're just increasingly being taken down if they're seen to be like a emulator
or something like that. So you're just gonna,
you're just gonna have to use the PC like everybody else or,
or a steam deck or whatever else that you want to run it on.
Well, I imagine Microsoft just wants nothing to do with the perception. Again,
it's, it's not always about what's right and wrong,
but it's about the perception, right?
And Microsoft does not even want that perception of, look,
you can play Zelda on your Xbox just by using this specific, they don't want,
they don't want that.
That's not what the modes for anyways.
The mode is meant for people developing games to be able to test them on the
hardware that they are being developed for,
not to install apps to run side layers. Yeah. Yeah.
So besides you have the dolphin emulator coming to steam still,
if that is to be, that is still on track, right? As far as we know,
we haven't seen a shutdown or anything. It's going to be interesting. So,
all right, we'll see. All right, moving on.
Let's talk about one of my favorite games. No Man's Sky.
No Man's Sky got another update this week. I mean, it's, it's been six weeks.
There must be another update.
This update is called the interceptor update and the interceptor update will
actually add new ships to the game as well as something called corrupt worlds.
So these planets can turn into purple hazed worlds that have purple crystals.
And then it basically has changed a little bit of the sentinels.
So there are some new sentinel types. So some new enemies there,
they're spider-like and yes, crab-like machines.
They're not giant enemy crabs though.
They're small enemy crabs just for the record.
If there's purple hazes on those planets,
have you run into captain Jimi Hendrix?
No, no I have not. But I can, let me see,
there was a trailer for this out somewhere and of course I don't have it up,
but let me see if I can find it.
And purple crystals on everything.
That's starting to sound like the suicide squad trailer.
Yeah, but it actually looks, oops, sorry.
Little Xbox noise there in the background,
but that's because I actually have what that looks like
here on the side. Hold on. I'm multitasking.
Cause the husband just brought me coffee. Thank you.
Let me show you this real quick here on the other monitor,
what this looks like while I talk about this. Sorry. There we go. Okay.
So you can see that like it's these corrupt world planets look very purply
and so forth is what they have.
They're also talking improved visuals and new features for virtual reality.
So I know that just went live not that long ago,
but they've done some perfections on that. And then of course,
these new Sentinel type ships are in there too.
There's also an ability called the anti-gravity well,
that could be very interesting and fun. Also improvements focused on Xbox.
I always thought the game looked fine on Xbox,
but I guess there are some,
some imperfections that they were ironing out for smooth and consistent
frame rate. Anyway, that is all out now. Again,
that is the no man's sky interceptor update.
Here's the thing for me and why I'm not like super excited about this is that
this is a little more of a combat focused update. It sounds like,
especially with the upgrades to Sentinels.
And I did not particularly care for the last combat update that they did.
Why did my co-hosts go gray all of a sudden? Uh oh.
Are you all still there? Oh, that was so weird. Sorry. Yeah, that was weird.
Anyway. Um, but, um, yeah, so it's,
it's neat that this updates out. I'm not super enthused about combat updates,
but I do appreciate that the difficulty tuning update will allow you to
change the difficulty, uh, down so that you don't see these as much.
I just think, um,
I just think that, um, the next expedition, whenever that comes out,
because they didn't, this didn't launch with an expedition,
which I thought was interesting. Cause it was about time for one.
Maybe they're ironing out. Cause I feel like they did this last time.
They're ironing out all the bugs before they launch it. Uh,
we'll probably focus on this stuff. And I don't know if I'm going to like that.
Uh, because I'm not super big on the combat. It can be difficult sometimes,
but we'll see. Maybe I love the game. Don't get me wrong.
This is just the one area of the game.
I don't like as much as the other areas like exploration and building and all
that stuff. The purple planets look cool though. I will say that. So,
uh, a big hello to Marissa Meisel, who's in our chat saying,
I thought court cases on these issues tend to rule that you can do what you
want with your product after you buy it. Not endorsing law breaking,
but you get the idea. Yeah, you're right. Marissa,
like you can do whatever you want with your Xbox. It's it's your Xbox, right? Uh,
but Microsoft still, still doesn't want that perception out there.
They still have the right to what they can and they can't put on the store and
you know,
putting the blocks in there so that you can't install your own stuff because
it's also a store place, right?
But if you do find a way to sideload apps and so forth,
then that's on you and you can essentially do what you want. Uh,
that all goes back to the PlayStation three, I want to say, and the other OS,
remember the government,
the government loved PlayStation three because it was a powerful
supercomputer for not too expensive.
But then when they got rid of the other OS saying that actually affected the
government, but you didn't have to update. What's that?
Wasn't it the PS2 that ran Linux? No, it was PS3. No, it was PS3. Yeah.
They may have had a PS2 Linux thing. Yeah, they may have had a PS2, but not,
not like officially supported. So anyway.
All right. Um, but that is the No Man's Sky Interceptor update.
Let's move on to our next story from Dark Sakura.
So, um, wow, Konami, and this doesn't have anything to do with Pachi slot.
Uh,
Konami is really working on a game developing comeback and they announced,
um, that their Osaka studio is now open.
It is a development focused studio with, uh,
the best brand newest equipment to build new games for, uh,
the current, uh, consoles and those on their way. Um,
they said, uh,
that they're opening the Konami's group, uh, next generation, uh,
R and D in 2025. And that, uh,
you know, they should be done with outsourcing, you know,
like they're doing with Silent Hill right now.
And they are going to actually, my apologies.
They say they are still going to be doing some outsourcing like they are with,
uh, Silent Hill. Um, but,
and this is the quote, uh,
the Konami Osaka studio is a developmental relocation of the existing studio and
comes with the concept of creators first. Um,
so they want to have the best environment for development where their creators
can reach their full potential.
They're going to be over 9,000, but their,
their R and D, um, center, like I said,
is going to be done by 2025 and it's called Konami creative front Tokyo Bay.
And it is, uh, in construction at Ariake, uh, Kotaku.
So there you go.
I have to admit I'm, I'm skeptical. You know,
Konami hasn't done a lot of great stuff for me,
especially in the home entertainment space.
I realized the arcade divisions been kicking, you know,
and doing good stuff for a while now.
Obviously I have reasons to distrust Konami in this space,
but I'm also willing to look at it and go, look,
this has been going on for years and maybe Konami is realizing they have to do
something different. And if this is a start of something different and maybe,
you know, this is not just a new office, but a newly managed office, a newly,
you know, and it's a sign of a future thing, then I remain open to it.
Let's see what they put out there. Um,
I know we've got that Suikoden remake that's coming out that, you know,
people are very excited about. Um,
I don't think that one is actually outsourced.
I think that is an in-house thing they're doing. I could be wrong on that. Uh,
but you know, it could be, it could be the start.
There's been rumors for a while about Castlevania coming back in some form or
another. So, uh, it could be very interesting to see what the studio brings us,
but I, you can understand if I'm a little bit cautiously, I have huge,
like I, I need to see the, the facts to get me really excited on this stuff.
Right. So, yeah, I'm with SHO 100 Matt in chat.
I'm open-minded, but I'm careful in getting my hopes up.
It's a very good way of putting it. All right, let's move on. Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit more about how Nintendo is cracking down on things.
And so now they're coming after.
It's not just Microsoft this week.
It's not just Microsoft. Um, no,
they're are coming after point crow,
who is a YouTuber who also developed a mod for breath of the
wild, but allows you to play it in multiplayer.
I'm familiar with point crow because he tends to team up with Doug, Doug,
and I watched Doug, Doug religiously. Um, and I have watched them play.
It sounds like an awesome mod. It is pretty cool.
They do like different challenges and stuff like that using it.
And it's just kind of a lot of fun. Well,
of course Nintendo has been taking down, um,
or demonetizing his videos that feature that mod,
basically copyright claiming them. And, um, you know,
that's kind of annoying, but also I guess kind of expected, um,
according to point grow, he posts on Twitter,
incredibly disappointed in 10 of America has decided to block my videos and
breath of the wild.
It's the love for the community and innovation that we bring that has kept it
alive and brought new people to love the Zelda series.
I hope you reverse your decision. Uh, they won't. Um,
and then of course they go along with that though.
He also did release the mod to the public. Um,
I think that actually was before they took that stuff down.
Might have been why they took that stuff or, uh, tried to copyright claim it,
but, um,
too late once on the internet, always on the internet.
Yep. So, so, well, that's, I mean,
I don't know what to think,
because obviously Nintendo is notorious about protecting its IPS,
especially when you start to do these types of things. Right. Um, and I, you know,
there's a new Zelda game on the horizon and I know it doesn't have multiplayer
out the gate anyway, but who's to say if there's one thing, you know,
I know y'all have been joking in chat and I've been joking myself about making a
lot of predictions that came true this year. Right. But here's what,
here's what anyone can predict.
There's going to be DLC for the new Zelda game. Here's the game,
but there will be DLC at some point for that.
Who's to say the multiplayer wouldn't be maybe one of the,
it won't be because they don't know that the internet exists.
So therefore it won't be like, I know we joke about Nintendo,
like being well behind the times when it comes to technology, but yeah,
I just don't think that they're going to put effort into develop multiplayer in
this game. I don't think one that their engine can run it. Um,
cause this is being done through emulation and on a PC.
Oh, that's the no, no part. That's the no, no part. So that,
that's how they're able to do a lot of these mods. I mean, that's just any mod.
It's really through emulation and modding, um, the ISO and stuff like that.
So I just don't think that they're going to be able to pull that off with just
the Nintendo switch hardware, maybe on another system. Yeah. But like right now,
they're just not going to do it. I just don't see it happening.
I did not realize it was just like a modded switch thing. It was actually a PC.
Uh, that's why they don't,
they don't want people knowing you can play it on your PC.
They still sell copies of breath of the wild full price, by the way.
There's still like, yeah, and there's still like things I've, I watch. Um,
one of the things I watched Doug Doug do a lot is, uh,
the breath of the wild randomizers were randomize and stuff.
So that's kind of neat, but yeah, it's just a lot of that stuff.
Obviously in any randomizer that you see on the internet nowadays,
for any game it's just done through emulation. And so, yeah, I mean,
I mean, I don't think it's really hurting anything honestly, but like,
I get it. Like if you want to like take down something like take down,
like cease and desist the mod or something like that,
but like copyright claiming a video and that just seems weird,
especially when it's like, we'll copyright claim a video that's using the mod,
but we won't copyright claim a video that just features the game.
It's just, it's, it's a way to, it's a, I mean,
yes it's well within the right to do that cause they own some of the content,
but it's also just a way to abuse that content system to stop people from not
seeing things that you don't want them to see is really what it comes down to.
So it's like, it's a legal gray area, but I mean,
they're, they're abusing their powers.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf points out some randomizers will spit out a ROM image and
you can play it on original hardware. Yeah. There's a lot of, um, like, you know,
the eight bit randomizers or even 16 bit. Uh, yeah,
I spit out a new ROM image.
I know I was fucking around with like Zelda randomizers, Metroid.
There's actually that really cool Zelda and Metroid randomizer.
I really liked that one where like you go into a dungeon and it spits you out
Metroid somewhere. It's pretty cool. So, um, let's see.
Marissa in chat says, uh,
my boyfriend said we'll get Tears of the Kingdom when it's on sale over
Christmas. And I laughed and laughed. He doesn't know.
I would say your best bet with that, if you,
I don't even know if these are available anymore.
Somebody will have to let me know. But Nintendo had that whole, um,
two game ticket that you buy a ticket for like a hundred dollars and you can get
two games with it. That will be your best chance to get that game.
I think $20 off. Cause they're selling that for 70 now. Right?
So that ticket will let you have it for 50 essentially,
but you have to have another game that you also want to get on sale.
So it's like the, it's the Costco deal. You get a discount,
but you've got to buy a bulk and that's about the closest thing probably to
that right now. If that's even still available, I'm not sure it is.
Somebody in chat will have to, uh, uh, verify with me.
Cause I know it was a couple of months ago they were offering that. So, um,
all right, let's move on. And I want to talk about, Ooh, Sony.
We've talked about Microsoft in the news, Nintendo and legal news. How about so,
let's,
let's go for the tic-tac-toe and talk about Sony in legal news this week.
Sony is mad.
Sony was kicking and screaming, uh,
against UK regulators about their surprising unprecedented and
irrational decision, uh, on this,
this week about allowing basically the Microsoft Activision merger to go
through. Um, some of the things that Sony said, uh, in the,
uh, their retort, uh,
the provisional findings assessed a significant body of evidence in the round to
support its finding that Microsoft would have the ability and incentive to
withhold Activision content.
And that this would substantially lessen competition by foreclosing
PlayStation. In assessing this body of evidence,
the PFs emphasize consistent with a jury jurisprudence on the
CMA's duty to assess evidence that it is particularly important in this case to
assess the merged entities incentive to foreclose by considering all the
available evidence in the round, rather than focus on a single model, uh,
or referring to the actual findings.
It gets into a lot of this legal language and so forth,
but essentially they're pissed off because they think that Microsoft could
still release versions that have different quality,
including versions that have technical issues and so forth. Uh,
Sony saying in an infamous quote, they hit social media.
Sony said call of duty gamers are passionate,
knowledgeable and sophisticated. Just like you hear on voice chat, right?
Why would you go through that?
Why would you purposely release a buggy game on a certain call?
That doesn't make any, any sense whatsoever why you would do that.
Why would you spend the time? Hey, let's purposely break this game. Yes.
Could they release a copy that has like, I don't know,
like an additional bull, additional playable character or something like that.
Spiderman. Could they do that? Maybe.
But I think that the only reason Sony would think that is because of projection
because they've done it themselves,
but like to actually intently make a game that's broken, like,
I mean, this is stupid.
Uh,
SD200 Matt says Sony is grasping at straws. They, they are,
but I also understand a little bit why, um,
they're grasping at straws. I mean, yeah, this is, I, I,
I don't think this goes well for Sony, but at the same time, you know,
I don't think this like ruins Sony or anything. It's just,
it's just another chess piece mover in this game because you know what?
Then Sony ends up buying Square Enix and we still won't get the pixel remasters
on Xbox.
I don't think they would go that far to even do the parody thing that Microsoft's
trying to do with this. So I, I just,
I don't see this bringing Sony to its knees,
but is it going to impact their business? Sure. But them's the break Sony.
I think Sony's got a bigger problem with what they're looking at with, with,
for some reason,
the U S Congress people wanting to write notes about the their issues in
Japan. But I mean,
some of it, they're kind of right though.
Like Sony has a choke hold on the Japanese market with Nintendo,
but when it comes to the high end gaming,
the roles are reversed.
They would not make a commitment to put those games on. They will not be like,
why would we, why are we purchasing the company if we're in, you know,
share the assets with them? No, they don't. Where's God of war.
Where's any of those games could be on Xbox. They're not, except,
I'm sorry, except MLB, the show. But that, that,
that is like legally required to be there from their agreement with MLB.
So that's the one game.
I will say it is interesting playing Minecraft dungeons on the PlayStation five
and seeing the Xbox logo come up. It's it,
there is something so weird about it. I will say.
I mean, it's just, it's, it's just really weird though. Like in this day,
like they said, like, listen, we've got, we've committed to 10 years. I mean,
yeah, like 10 years time, like time to come up with your own shooter,
then like obviously, yeah.
In 10 years, video games are going to look different.
We will have the holodeck in 10 years.
The holiday will be here in 10 years.
Probably not, but like, it'll still be like, it'll still be better,
but like at the same time. Yeah. It's just, I just,
that is just the all of you out there asking when this show will end when the
holodeck is released, the show's over because that's, that's it folks.
We we've set in the very beginning gaming is always one step closer to the
holodeck. When we get the holodeck, that's it. No LR.
It's done because we, we hit the end folks that no more hot takes.
We did it.
What do you say we end when the holodeck comes out? Sounds good.
Actually, no, what we'll do.
Someone's going to release a VR headset called the holodeck and we're like,
dang it.
O-L-R in the holodeck.
All right. Anyway, moving on.
Bonds double 06 says, but Rob,
you could be right in my bedroom every Sunday with the halo deck.
I wish I could say you're the first listener to invite me to your bedroom.
Just kidding. Just kidding. All right. Moving on.
Let's go to
the halo deck.
Or am I? Moving on.
Let's go to our next story.
Dark Sakura quickly changed the topic.
So going back to the earlier topic of the Mario movie,
there are, of course, going to be specialty soundtracks released.
You can get a two LP exclusive
with with various colors.
There is a pink and yellow and a green and red.
You can get a seven inch that just says Bowser on it.
There's a CD and a cassette.
Yes, you can get the the Super Mario
Brothers movie soundtrack on cassette for 20 bucks.
That's rad cassette.
I would only be even more like.
I don't know feeling about it if they said eight track.
But because I find the cassette thing, if that makes sense, because,
yeah, I find the cassette thing ironic because when I was a kid,
I had the Game Boy and I had my little cord from Radio Shack
that allowed me to plug that in from the Game Boy out to the mic in in my
tape deck or whatever.
And I actually make cassette tapes of Game Boy soundtracks.
Basically, I would play and let the music play in the background. So
the cassette will include.
And by the way, it is an I am a bit exclusive.
The cassette will either be red or green.
Randomly has music from the movie.
It has a song Peaches by Jack Black as Bowser
movie score, some themes by Koji Kondo, and it's shipping Q3 2023.
I I guess I shouldn't ask because this is probably a spoiler, but I'm going to.
Is that is that the president of the United States of America song from like the 90s?
Peaches? No, millions of Peaches.
Peaches for me, because I when I heard that Bowser sang a song called Peaches,
I was like, that would actually be really funny if that was something he was singing
about the princess, millions of Peaches, Peaches for free.
That song ruled whatever, whatever happened to Pusa.
Whatever happened to them, are they still around?
Did they just fade into obscurity like a lot of 90s bands?
That's sad. All right, anyway.
But what was the other?
There was another big song.
The duh duh duh duh duh duh is in my head.
That's it. That's it.
Yeah, I said, because I instantly went to the weird, weird.
I mean, that is the more recognizable version.
Yes. Oh, God.
That was all right.
Anyway, Zen Monkey 11 says, I thought they were called the dead presidents.
No, there's a dead Kennedys, but that's a very different band.
All right. Moving on.
The dead presidents was the the robbery gang from Point Break.
Oh, wow. That's that's a deep cut.
I love it. All right.
You wouldn't know how many times I saw that movie?
I'm going to say a lot.
Because I was a big Red Hot Chili Peppers fan and I watched it just to see Flea.
I love that. Yeah.
Oh, my God. Fleas, Fleas probably is.
The Kennedys were both in it, and
the character shot himself in the foot.
That's what I remember.
Is Fleas in his 60s now, right?
Gotta be. I think so.
He was also in My Own Private Idaho.
Does he still play on stage in just his tighty whities
or did he finally leave that era behind?
Yes. And you know, Point Break started Kiana Reeves,
who was in John Wick number four, which was in theaters,
which I went and saw a movie in the theater.
Then they had a trailer for, you know, those classic theater,
you know, the classic movies that they play,
which had Footloose starring Kevin Bacon.
I was just about to ask, how does this tie to Kevin Bacon?
And you did it. You did it.
Also, did you know that Flea plays trumpet?
No, I didn't.
But I mean, I am not surprised at all that a lot of these like rockers
and I can't believe I'm about to call Red Hot Chili Peppers classic rock,
but maybe a little bit.
A lot of these classic rockers are actually like classically trained,
like a lot of them are like are like deeply musically trained
more than you would think.
So the lead singer of Queensryche was actually an operatic trained baritone.
Yeah. Oh, for sure.
So anyway, voice. Oh, my God.
So good. Let's move on.
Let's move on to the next story.
Nintendo issues. How about it, Loki?
Yes. So it's apparently Nintendo is now expanding
their Joy-Con repair system for the UK and Europe.
They made the statement saying Nintendo takes a great pride
in creating high quality and durable products
and is continuously making improvements to them, therefore.
And until further notice, Nintendo offers to consumers
who purchase their respective products in EEA, UK and Switzerland
that repairs for responsiveness syndrome relating to control six drift
will be conducted by Nintendo
at no official Nintendo centers at no charge.
The reason for this is actually because of
I believe the European Commission
who was asking them about their faulty stuff.
And this statement from the European Commission is full of cringe.
So just cringe warning.
Let's go. We've got news that's even better than finding a hidden one up mushroom.
We've recently contacted Nintendo to address the reoccurring
technical problems with defective switch controllers,
and we're happy to report that they've agreed to offer consumer
or all consumers the right to repair free of charge, even beyond legal guarantee.
This will prevent the disposal of unrepaired controllers
and unnecessary waste.
So don't wait.
Jump into action and get your controllers repaired for free.
Stop with the cringe thing.
It's your government entity enough.
Enough. It's bad.
It makes you look like hello, fellow kids, like just don't.
Thank you for the trigger warning on that.
I really wish I could have muted you.
That was that was terrible.
It's so bad. It's like it's just it's just awful.
Oh, all right.
Hey, at least you get to fix your your faulty controllers.
Why is this still why is this still an issue?
It's a great question, and this should really be here to you.
This should be a thing here, too, honestly.
All right, because like they yes, we understand that this happens a lot.
But where are we doing anything about it?
No, no, we're not doing anything about it.
All right. Well, let's talk about something
Nintendo won't repair, and that's your cell phone.
And honestly, they may not be making many games for it either.
It's it's hard to tell based on this statement.
But Miyamoto was doing an interview with Variety.
You know, again, this is a big Hollywood thing.
And Miyamoto said that mobile apps will not be the primary path
of future Mario games.
Probably not a huge surprise based on the performance of Dr.
Mario World, which was pulled, Super Mario Run,
which didn't quite live up to expectations.
I know it has its fans, but, you know, it didn't quite live up
to expectations.
They're saying that the strategy going forward is a, quote,
hardware and software integrated gaming experience.
What went wrong?
Well, in the interview, Miyamoto basically blames control intuitiveness,
something a lot of us were saying a long time ago.
Could have told you that before you even put the game out.
The quote here, when we explore the opportunity of making Mario
games for the mobile phone, which is a more common generic device,
it was challenging to determine what that game should be.
That is why I played the role of director for Super Mario Run
to be able to translate that Nintendo hardware experience
to the smart devices.
Very interesting little quote, because you really see Nintendo's philosophy
in there about how they make games for their hardware,
and they're going to show off their their hardware twist
or whatever in the games that they make.
That's for sure.
It's a very interesting sort of thing in that statement.
But, you know, also, we know this about Nintendo, right?
So obviously, a cell phone was not something they designed
and probably not something they particularly cared for
in making some of these games, because, you know, like we said,
you know, I'm not here to knock all cell phone games as bad.
They're not. I enjoy and play plenty of them.
But they're all designed with the limitations
and structure of a cell phone in mind.
I don't see it as much anymore.
I feel like we're past that point where we're trying to shoehorn
ports of old games into mobile phone.
I feel like that era kind of came and went and good riddance, quite frankly,
because I don't think any of those games are fun.
But things that are fun are things like, you know, Pokemon Go.
Recent controversy aside, I'm not stepping in that.
But generally, that game was designed for a mobile phone.
And a lot of the things about it is good.
Dark Sakura's word game. Sure, it's great.
It's designed for a mobile phone, you know,
or say like a Words with Friends type of thing designed for that.
You know, it's designed for that experience.
And that's why those games work out well.
Miyamoto did not comment
on any of Nintendo's other mobile properties.
Things like Animal Crossing, Pocket Camp and Fire Emblem Heroes,
which, by the way, is the top earning mobile game for Nintendo.
It crossed the one billion mark in June of last year.
So that's that.
Also in that interview, Miyamoto did not mention
when a new Mario game would arrive, and that did remind me like
very surprised
Nintendo did not put out a new Mario game to go with this movie.
Now, we saw the holiday coming up and Nintendo could announce something
in the June season or whatever for the holidays,
even if they repackage old shit, which Nintendo is not afraid to do.
I'm really surprised Nintendo doesn't have something ready to go
like now for this movie being out.
Yeah, they did.
Well, they don't because they've had opportunities
and a whole director, you know, towards the movie. Sure.
I hear rumors are supposed to be directed this week, but about Zelda.
So that'd be interesting. Yeah.
Yeah, I don't think they have a game coming anytime soon.
Looney Barn and Chat says, isn't Mario Odyssey still fairly new?
Oh, not at this point.
I'm afraid it's it was a pre pandemic.
It was a pre pandemic game to put it in perspective.
Fine. The next game, the next Mario game is probably for their new console anyway.
So it's probably being saved for that. Maybe.
I was surprised they never did a Luigi's Odyssey or a sequel to
Mario Odyssey in some capacity. I was really surprised.
Pod Culture says they will announce it in time for the video release.
Then that that that window is not what it used to be.
Pod Culture just making sure you know what that that means in the next six weeks,
because that Mario movie will be I think they've already said
it's the first week of June for on demand, isn't it?
Yeah. Like Ant-Man Quantumania is coming out pretty soon.
Like the window.
It used to be like six months to a year is now like three months, maybe. Yeah.
DJ Rama S and Chat says, as much as I love the Mario movie,
there really isn't the need for a video game tie in.
I get that. Obviously, the box office proves that I get I get that,
you know, but I'm just I'm surprised Nintendo isn't riding that wave.
With I would love a Mario game like an open world Mario game
in the vein of like a Breath of the Wild or something like that would be amazing.
I think they could do something like this.
Odyssey was kind of close, not totally, but it was more open world,
you know, a little more that Mario 64 aesthetic. But yeah, I loved Odyssey.
I loved it. I would love to see another one of those games.
And I was good.
There were those rumors sometimes ago about a Super Luigi's Odyssey.
And I'm here for that. Like, I really wish that was true, but we'll see.
So, yeah. All right.
Well, we'll have to go back to a simple time for now, though,
in our next segment. So let's get to it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time,
or I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick tonight, Dark Sakura?
I picked Stryker's 1945.
It was also known as Stryker 1945, but everywhere else it was Stryker's,
plural. It is a vertical
scrolling shooter.
It was developed by Saikyo in 1995.
In Japan, it came out on PlayStation and Sega Saturn by Atlas in 1996
and also released as part of the Saikyo Shooting Collection.
Volume one Stryker's 1945 1 and 2 by Taito for PlayStation 2.
In Europe, it came out under Playit as 1945 1 and 2, the arcade games.
There was the sequel Stryker's 1945 in 1997
that in North America just came out as Stryker's 1945.
And then Stryker's 1945 3 in 1999, which was
and there was a second title remake called Stryker's 1945 Plus.
So also more recently in 2022,
the original arcade version was included in the Sega Astro City mini
So there you go.
Anyway, you play as one of several planes
and each of them has three attacks.
There's a normal shot, a charged shot and a bomb.
It clears out the enemy and the bullets.
Normal and charged shots can be strengthened by different power ups
and gold bombs.
You can get gold bars for bonus points.
And when you defeat the final boss, your time, the number of gold bars,
the number of enemies killed are added up for each level.
And if it's high enough, you get a silver or gold medal.
In the Japanese arcade version, there is a hidden post credit bonus
that can be unlocked if you beat the entire game without losing a life.
And it shows all six of the pilots,
which are five women and one man posing undressed.
Go Fig.
But anyway, it's set in the summer of 1945 after World War Two.
The world is in that sort of post-war piece.
And then an organization called CANNY, C-A-N-Y,
wants to take over the world with super weapons.
And so. The the I guess it's the United Military
is sending out people to go stop the bad guys.
So, yeah, I mean, fairly simple, as you can see on the screen,
those who are watching on Twitch, it's it's a shooter game.
You play a plane, but it's it's still considered
to be one of the most successful shooter games.
In fact, in Japan, as of Game Machine's
July 15th 1995 issue, it was considered the fourth most successful
arcade game of the month.
The Saturn version was highly lauded
as a 92 out of 100 for its review.
So there we go.
Picked a quick one.
If you want to know who was behind it, first of all.
The director of the game was Yorichika Naozumi.
It was developed by, like I said, by Psycho.
There also is an iOS Android version by KMBox
and a window version by City Connection.
And I'll tell you what made me think of this is when I was going to pick up
Osmond is that I saw they had two
Psycho collections coming up for Switch are already out.
And so I thought, why not?
It's a fun one.
It's a really great game and it's a two player game.
But it was released on Psycho's first generation arcade system.
Now, before we wrap up, because I and I apologize,
I stepped out to do a bio break, as I usually do right about now.
But I don't think this has no relation to Capcom's 1940 X series, right?
No, this is a completely different company.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, that was it's interesting to me because
it has that like element, obviously, if they're both World War Two games.
Right. But I definitely get that whole like, oh, this feels like a
maybe the word would be spiritual successor by fans or something.
You know, I don't know what else to call it.
Don't. When did 19 1943 come out?
Oh, the first game was like 1984 is very old.
This this is I'm not even going to call it.
Yeah, actually, Orange Wright just just nailed it similar to Aero Fighters.
OK, the but I mean, it's easy to look at a playing game
set in the 40s and say that it's related.
I actually think that this game, it's a pretty fun shooter.
Of course, I'm no good at it because I suck at shooters,
but it has a lot of challenge and, you know,
some pretty good music in it.
And it's just a really tight game.
I mean, I have played an original of it.
And is the arcade version just so clean?
Of course, if you want the best at home version, you get it on Saturn.
All right. There it is.
Your classic game of the week, Strikers, 1945.
Admittedly, not one I was super familiar with.
So I learned something.
I always thought, though, that the company's psycho, that their name was so funny.
Because not necessarily spelled that way.
There's this P S I K Y O, but the word psycho means the greatest.
So, yeah. All right.
Well, we were going to get into some more rapid fire news,
but it looks like Loki stepped away for a minute.
So I guess I got to buy some time.
That's OK. You know, I'll get mine out of the way.
Usually that segment goes a little longer.
Sure. We'll start with Dark Sakura.
We'll get into some rapid fire news special.
We'll start with you. Sure.
All right. Well, you know, we were all up in arms
about trying to get the eShop stuff done.
But Pokemon Stadium being one of the first Pokemon spinoff games
is actually coming to Switch owners via the Switch online
plus expansion pack subscription service starting on April 12th,
which is this upcoming Friday.
And it will be accessible via the Nintendo 64 app
with, you know, if you've got the subscription,
all you have to do is update the app next week and you can pick it up.
Nice. All right.
I yeah, I might have to I still not am not on the extended
Nintendo thing with expansion pack, whatever it's called, but Pokemon Stadium.
That's one that's tempting to get it for. All right.
Loki, let's go to your rapid fire news stories now that you're settled back in.
Yeah. So the murder of Sonic had a murder of Sonic,
the hedgehog game that came out last week for April Fools
has actually surpassed one million downloads.
It's one of the highest rated Sonic games on Steam right now.
And the number 61 highest rated game on Steam of all time.
Pretty unexpected, I think.
So really unexpected happens all the time.
I mean, it's how we got how to full boyfriend.
I mean, I don't think Sega expected that it would be this popular,
but yeah, it's pretty cool.
And then the Final Fantasy pixel remaster PlayStation four and switch.
They have a release date of April 19th
and they will include my birthday.
Yes. And they will include a new font setting as well.
New fonts. And I think there was an intro credits or something like that.
All right. Well, I got one more story for you,
and it has to do with Overwatch or specifically Overwatch two.
I'm not sure how many of you are playing Overwatch two,
but we have the announcement of a new hero for Overwatch two, who is Life Weaver,
a Thai scientist who has long hair
and a sense of style, confidence and bravado.
And you see him in the trailer.
He uses plant themed powers to restore health.
And also, I guess he can like lift people up with a flower petal.
It's kind of like a thing that he uses as well.
Also important to point out, Life Weaver is in the game's lore pansexual.
So as the first pan character, I guess openly pan character in the game,
although I swear some voice interactions from chatting was was farmed with Batiste
and it sounded like the two of them were flirting in the little
dialogue that was going back and forth.
So, you know, that's cool.
I mean, I guess my point is, is that like if you're really upset about gay beer,
then wait until I tell you that in Overwatch, everybody is gay.
And that's a fact.
All right. But check out Life Weaver coming out soon to the game.
Actually, it does look like a cool mechanic.
I wish I was better at Overwatch two, but I'm not.
All right. Let's travel around the world.
I still refuse to touch anything from Activision
until after the merger goes through. Yeah.
I can't because Diablo, but also
just, well, and I think I've talked about this before,
hearing from some people that are on the inside.
I've heard about some of the tangible changes that are happening.
So it's nice to see that they are making changes.
But yes, I am a matter of principle because of a certain somebody.
Sure, I understand.
All right. Well, moving on, let's travel around the world
and check out some stuff that's coming out a little sooner.
World release dates.
Loki, we'll start with you in the U.S. and what's coming out here.
We have the process of elimination on PlayStation four, Nintendo Switch,
Sherlock Holmes, The Awakening on looks like PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Tron identity on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Ghostwire Tokyo on Xbox series.
Canon Dancer Osmond on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
And finally, Mega Man Battle Network
Legacy Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four.
All right. Traveling to Japan, I seem to remember last week was pretty
and there wasn't a lot, but this week we have some releases again.
So on the 13th, on the Nintendo Switch, we have Osmond coming in.
I think this is is this the one that you ordered, Dark Sakura?
Yes, it absolutely is.
So, OK, so that's coming out in Japan this week.
There's a special there's a regular and a special edition.
So I don't know if this is the special edition has like
a really long poster and an art book and some stuff.
It's it's like it's like 60 bucks.
And then the the standard one's like 30.
It wasn't very expensive. Hmm.
I was just taking a peek here, showing folks what that might look like there.
For those that are watching a twitch.tv slash vog network.
That's also out on PlayStation four.
I should point out as well as the switch, of course.
I ordered the Switch one.
Yeah. All right.
Some other games coming out this week on the Switch include
a Senju no Waltz for the Nintendo Switch.
There's a regular and a special edition for that.
There's also Castle of Shikigami 2 comes out this week from Konami.
Dokapon Kingdom Connect is out this week, as is Aiden Chronicle Rising
is released over there as well this week.
And Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection is also out in Japan this week
as it makes its way to the US as well.
That is everything on the switch.
But quickly, looking at the PlayStation five, we also have Atomic Heart
in regular and limited edition, making its way out
for the PlayStation five this week.
And that's it.
Let's go to the UK, Dark Sakura.
Only two things on the list on the 13th for
I guess this is computer.
It's X-Plane 12, but I have no idea what that is.
It's a flight simulator.
And then on the 14th for PlayStation Switch, we have Cult of the Lamb.
Oh, cool.
That's going to be my palate cleanser.
It's here in my my my subathon because I fucking love that game.
It's so great.
All right. I have the soundtrack on vinyl.
Oh, fun. Yeah.
And I'm supposed to be.
I didn't I don't remember if I ordered the plushie.
No, I didn't order the plushie, but I got the soundtrack.
I need to get a record player. That would be fun.
But then I'm like a record player to play all these damn records.
I don't need another thing to spend more money on. All right.
You can get a good one for not very expensive.
I know. Then that opens the door to vinyl collection.
That's the problem.
I I've been collecting vinyl without having a record player, Rob.
I have I have records already.
I know I have two, two records, two records, both of them.
And one of them I got you and the other one I bought in Seattle.
Yep. The other one I bought in Seattle.
I still wish that I had bought the Wendy Carlos album.
The only reason I didn't buy it was because it had been published
under her dead name. Mm hmm.
But I still wish I had.
I would I would kill for a first printing of Switched on Bach.
Yeah, I would. You should.
I mean, not that you're going to be in Seattle anytime soon, but if you are,
there was an awesome record store at the Pike Market that I went to
that would probably have it, you know.
So if you're still interested in finding that, so.
There's a good place in Oakland that's near the the where the the park
where they have the farmer's market, I could go buy two.
But that's where I got
my my Xanadu soundtrack on vinyl.
I actually do not know the name that that album would have been published under.
Don't. But same last name.
Yeah, OK. It would have been OK.
So as long as I know the last name and the name of the album, I could find it.
So if I'm ever in Seattle again, I may I may actually go to Seattle.
There's a big Ingers thing up there in September,
but it's literally the week after Dragon Con.
But I have enough, I've been on so many flights,
I have enough frequent flyer points to like have a trip to Seattle.
I might do it. We'll see.
Take me with you.
Alan will be pissed if I go without him because we have friends up there.
So I don't know. I don't know. We'll see.
All right. All right.
Well, I sent you the the the name.
OK. All right. Moving on.
Let's check out our next story here.
Loki. Yep.
So we're starting to get news
of other non E3 events that are going to be happening.
So Gamescom opening night live 2023 has been confirmed
by Jeff Keighley to be returning August 22nd.
And of course, that's going to be taking place in
Kondamesi, Germany.
He's busy. Yep, he's busy.
So that'd be cool. I can't wait to see that.
He has to replace E3 and open Gamescom.
That's that's busy. Does he sleep?
I don't know. No, he doesn't.
And then, of course, I sometimes I wonder all dozens of you,
I'm sure excited to hear that the PC gaming show is coming back June 11th.
So that's right.
We're going to be able to see some PC game titles, I guess
hosted by Sean Plot.
Well, could I actually I have a wild theory.
Could the absence of E3 and some of these other pomp and circumstance
actually make this show better?
No, because last year they didn't have E3 and it was not good.
So I don't think so. Fair.
Got shut me up. All right.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, it is it is some sad news.
It was announced that American McGee's
works at trying to make a third installment
of the Alice series is quote at an end.
There was a statement on on McGee's Patreon
that said that he had, and this is the quote,
exhausted every option for getting a new Alice game made
after EA reportedly decided to pass on the project
based on an internal analysis of the IP market
market conditions and details of the production proposal.
So he he's I mean, basically, they're like
they talked with EA about the efforts to get the new game
and were presented with the design Bible and production plan.
And it had the the schedule, the budget, the team, the design for everything.
EA reviewed it and came back denying the licensing for Alice Asylum.
So they are are passing it on.
Well, that's a bummer.
Yeah, they have a really, really good series. Yeah.
I don't I feel like that can't be gone forever,
but it's going to be a while for sure. So.
All right. Moving on to news that is also frustrating.
Loki. Yes.
So Monster Energy is a very litigious company
and has a monster legal department.
They attack anybody that uses the word monster,
especially if they're defenseless indie developers.
And so that's what they've done here.
They have basically gone after glowstick entertainment's
2020 game, Dark Deception, Monsters and Mortals,
because I know the first thing I hear
or think of when I hear that is their energy drink, of course.
You mean they're nasty canopies?
What are these? What are they going to do? Sue Halloween?
Like, I don't.
Are they going to sue the Spirit Store for selling monster costumes?
I tried suing a lot of people.
Get over it.
They should have to pay for all these fucking terrible lawsuits.
I mean, if somebody is putting out a drink named Monster, then fine.
You're with the word monster and then find that never been.
Well, they should they should never hurt their fucking IP.
Well, they should never have let them have Monster as a trademark.
Monster Energy should be a trademark.
But Monster itself should have a generic for that.
But of course, our our copyright and trademark system is broken.
And so because of that, you have people like Monster,
you know, registering that as a trademark.
And you have to say, did they sue Lady Gaga?
She ate my heart, doo doo doo doo.
Well, I mean, her little monsters.
That boy is a monster.
She has a song called Monster.
Yeah, it'd be different if like this thing was like,
you know, like Monster Energy, something or other like it was the name of the game.
Then I would understand.
But this is just completely ridiculous.
And then on top of that, you know.
Sorry, Marissa Chat says Monster was the employment website for old people like me.
Oh, my God. True. That's right.
There was a monster was like the yeah.
Monster.com. Yeah.
No, no, I'm older than you.
Please do not. Please do not.
Yeah. We're old enough to remember when you found a job in the paper.
And Monster.com.
They also filed a lawsuit with at one time.
They they filed lawsuits against, you know, lots of different things.
Everything from like restaurants to websites, the forums, the games to.
I think they even tried to maybe sue Disney or Pixar about Monsters Inc.
But, you know, for some reason, they're still around suing people.
So, of course, you know, they've basically
been giving an agreement or whatever it says.
The overreaching settlement terms that Monster Energy sent the company
was basically demands in exchange for allowing us to use the name
Monsters and Mortals.
We never we agree never to name any other game, any variation of the word monster.
Also, it forces us to never use a green and white logo
on black background for any game we ever make.
So they're saying that they own those colors, too, apparently.
They can they can trademark a color
like Barbie Pink is is owned by Mattel.
OK, but I don't think that they say that they can't make a game,
even if it's not named Monster, that they can't make a game with those colors.
Like their logo.
I just think that's overreaching.
So it's just all companies like Monster Energy depend on doing their bullying
and secret while presenting a clean image to their base athletes and gamers.
Showing their true face publicly is the only way to stop them.
And unfortunately, it won't be because they will, you know, do it.
But apparently the CEO of glow sick entertainment says they've filed
for summary of judgment to hopefully move the thing along.
So it's not being dragged out legally.
They need somebody needs to counter Sue to get them
to lose that trademark because it can happen.
I mean, honestly, there's Monster Energy than Monster Cables at one time.
Like, yeah, I'm right.
And Monster Cables used to sue everybody as well.
I would like to see a battle between Monster Cable and Monster Energy,
you know, and then just just get rid of like nullify the trademark.
Nintendo needs to release a game called Monster, and then they can all fuck off
together into eternal legal.
I'm surprised that they did end up suing Pixar or whatever for Monsters, Inc.
that they didn't like get shut down.
I'm kind of surprised.
Yeah, the Disney Disney lawyers are scary, too.
And I'm kind of surprised they will eat them up better about death.
Deft is saying Pokemon.
They went after Pokemon pocket monsters.
Are you shitting me?
How do they still have the I don't know.
Anyway, energy drinks aren't good for you.
I say I say as I literally down an entire coffee on this program.
Coffee is not an energy drink.
No, it's not. Yeah.
Is the is right is the energy drink.
The only one I accept.
I don't drink. I've been buying coffee on Etsy, by the way.
I don't drink that other shit because of coffee.
Just pointing out. All right.
I I put my faith in coffee, which sustains me. Mm hmm.
All right. Thank you, Chad.
Chad is backing me up. Chad is backing me up.
I appreciate you all.
Rob Coffee.
Tiger Claw in chat says, is it decaf?
Don't insult me.
I'm just kidding.
No, it is not decaf.
I've I've been a little detour.
I've been stepping up my coffee game and I ordered blue mountain coffee
on Etsy and Kona coffee for in K cups.
And it's delightful.
And it supports small roasters.
And it's a little bit more expensive, but you get some damn fine coffee.
I do drink decaf once in a great while, but like late at night,
like eight o'clock, like that's late.
Eight is late.
Well, like relative to bedtime. Yes.
No, I keep decaf on hand for when Becky comes over
like to make half calves. Yeah.
And I will do a decaf
if I'm cold and it's like midnight.
But I also buy good decaf and not shitty decaf.
Yeah. You know what?
I don't like.
OK, first of all, I saw Rhonda's thing.
We have Keurig's at work, so I buy boxes of variety K cups.
I do not like the Dunkin K cups and I do not like Starbucks
regular coffee at all because it tastes burnt or dead.
I do like their espresso drinks,
but I must say that I am very, very fond of their iced coffee.
I've been getting what's that one brand?
Is it Green Mountain?
Not that they endorse this or anything.
I think that that's the same company as Keurig.
So it's it's their own company, coffee company.
But I like the Green Mountain and Gevalia,
the Swiss company and donut shop.
My favorite. Not that they're paying me.
And I don't remember the exact name.
I just know it's the Hawaiian coffee and it comes in the foil bag
and the K cups are a little more recyclable.
That is like they have like macadamia nut.
That is the best. It's like Kona or something.
That is by far the best one. Yeah. For me.
Well, at any at any rate, though, I fucking love coffee.
I like that my I like that my palate,
because I've been drinking less of it because of my stomach.
That I've like begun like actually tasting the different flavors
and like I'm becoming a bit of a coffee snob.
I hear you the other day.
So Friday, I know that I have told many people that
that they overroast their coffee to make them last longer Friday,
which was the start of the third day of deliberations in our trial.
I got a Starbucks that morning and then at lunch.
Well, we didn't know if we would be done or not yet.
I also had a Dutch brothers at lunch.
I had two designer coffees on Friday because it was that kind of day.
Did I deserve it? Yes, I did.
Every every last drop. Yes, I did.
To coffee lounge radio.
I love coffee. All right.
You know, it's even better than you know, it's better than any of this stuff
is going to is gay brunch.
No gay brunch. A French press.
That is the best coffee in there.
No, like, no, it's just no actual fresh fresh.
Oh, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah. Clever, clever drip is better than French press.
Oh, I will fight you on this
on immersion.
I'll drink any coffee.
I'll drink any coffee except Folgers.
Otherwise, I'll drink any coffee.
Phil's coffee.
You and I are going to love Phil's.
I love Phil's. There's one downtown.
Yeah, that's it.
We're doing brunch next Sunday.
They finally they finally opened
the new place under what used to be sidetracks downtown.
That's fine.
It's going to make the hamburgers.
It is it's a burger place, but it's I think if they don't do a drag
queen brunch and they're in the wrong part of fucking town,
that is all I know.
All right, Rob, we're going to brunch.
All right. Sounds good. Let's do it.
All right. Moving on one more thing.
I don't know how to tie this into brunch, so I'm just not going to bother trying.
But what could the future of PlayStation controllers look like?
Could they actually change temperature?
Yep. It's a new patent that Sony has filed
that talks about how this technology would work.
It would have a elastic member on the controller.
The elastic could actually change shape, and that's something
that could happen as well.
And then also there would be a sensor that would talk about
if the elastic is touched, twisted, pressed, pinched,
washed or rub and measure things like acceleration.
But then also as a part of this, the elastic piece has vibration capabilities
and this intensity could actually cause the controller to heat up.
So the gel material in the elastic could actually change and heat up
and make it more firm.
So it could be interesting if you're in like a volcano level
at a type of game or something like that,
where the controller could actually get hotter.
That would be interesting. It sounds like a safety nightmare.
But children, well, sometimes all you need
is the power of suggestion, right?
Like take a take a ride like Star Tours,
even though sometimes it feels like you're moving like this.
When you actually write, it's very subtle movements on Star Tours,
but watching the screen and if you are a really real Disney freak,
like some of us used to be, at least anyway here on OLR,
try riding the ride with your eyes closed sometime
and you'll feel just how subtle the movements are.
Because when you're watching the screen, though,
you feel like you're like completely into it.
And I would say this is the same thing with the temperature change.
It only has to go up a little hotter to really get that impression of heat.
I remember the old pinball table Whirlwind.
I think it was what was called, right?
Yeah, Whirlwind had the fan on it.
Had the fan on it.
And like, it's just this tiny ass shitty little fan.
But when it blows air on you, you know, you're kind of like,
and she, uh oh, looks like rain.
And you say, oh, there's a storm coming.
So when they had
not California Extreme, but
and not Golden, because Golden State Pinball Festival is coming up next month.
But the other one, the Pinna-Go-Go, thank you.
When they had that in Dixon in that, you know,
non air conditioned place
with all the corn pollen everywhere, which is why I don't do that one anymore.
There'd be a line around Whirlwind when it got hot.
Because you just want that fan blowing at you the whole time.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, we used to have a Whirlwind.
All right. Well, that was our last slotted story for tonight.
So it's time for the listener roundtable.
We're going to open up and for your emails, participate at orange.ontrady.com.
But we also welcome your phone calls on our Discord server, vog.network.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash discord.
And if you want to call in tonight, you can head over to the green room.
And so that's a place where you can interact with our show tonight, too.
Also, I will. Well, let me check.
I don't think we had emails tonight, but I'm going to check in anyway,
just as I always do. We had spam.
Well, that doesn't count.
I mean, I'll refresh it right now and see.
But nope, nothing in there but the dust bunnies.
We ain't got shit. All right.
Participate at orange.ontrady.com
if you would like to put something in our box for next week.
SSG100Matt says, what was the snowmobile game that was like Hydro Thunder
that had a cooling fans during gameplay?
Yeah, it was Arctic Thunder, wasn't it?
Mm hmm. Yeah, I think it was.
It was Arctic Thunder logical.
Let me see. I thought that they were missing an opportunity
not having like a big ass fan unit on Alpine Racer.
Oh, yeah. Oh, that's a throwback.
All right. Let's go quickly over to Loki with some last minute stories,
and I actually see at least one question in chat here for a discussion topic.
I'll get to that in a moment.
But Loki, do you have any last minute stories you want to get to?
Just a screenshot, a little bit of footage from what appears to be
like an internal video from, I believe,
Sega. It's showing a remake of Jet Set Radio
and also a remake of Persona three,
which apparently someone says that also the website
for the persona three remake has been
registered as well.
So maybe that coming soon.
But the the video, at least a little bit of animation
they had for the Jet Set Radio remake looks awesome.
All right.
Mike Deft in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network
asks, we're heading towards the it's off the screen.
Sorry, we're heading towards the end of the first quarter of the year.
What's the game or games you've liked the most so far this year?
Good question.
For me, Diablo four, which is kind of cheating
because that game hasn't actually come out yet.
But y'all know those games are my jam and the beta did happen.
And so I already know this is going to be a game that is definitely up my alley.
Otherwise, to give another maybe a better answer, I don't know,
for lack of better term for your question, I would say maybe Hi-Fi Rush
would probably be the game for a lot of people on their list,
which, of course, was the surprise rhythm game
action game release that was released
by the folks that used to do the Evil Within and those games.
That was the stealth game pass release that came out a couple of months ago.
I would bet Hi-Fi Rush is probably going to end up on a lot of people's lists
if you would ask that same question.
Dark Soccer, Loki, anything you'd want to add to that for like
great games so far this year?
No, because I really haven't played anything new.
I played my inbox.
Still catching up from last year, which is fair.
So what happens?
I like playing my Midnight Suns, and that makes me happy.
So, oh, my God, how did I forget theater them?
How did I forget theater them?
Because it's always so much in your brain that you think of it all the time,
and so you become desensitized.
Yes. Correct answer. Yes.
I'm I don't know.
I haven't played any new games this year, so I'm just going to,
because I was scrolling through Twitter
and this happens to be the game that's shown in front of me here.
I'm going to say paparazzi.
It is a game where you take pictures of dogs wearing hats and glasses.
I saw that. I was like, what the hell is this?
Looks great. All right.
I'm going to.
So we had a redeemed post show shout out in our chat.
I'm going to upgrade that to an on show shout out for free on the house.
Marissa said, I need more social media followers for my voice acting work.
Anyone want to follow?
I'm at Marissa Meisel everywhere.
Thanks. That's M-A-R-I-S-S-A M-E-I-Z-E-L.
Here it is. Get your pen ready one more time.
M-A-R-I-S-S-A M-E-I-Z-E-L.
Hit that 30 seconds backward button if you missed it and give Marissa all the follows.
Because I would love to see Marissa get more.
I mean, she's already done some great voice acting work.
I would love to see her get some of the big gigs.
I want to see Marissa retire to a life of convention circuits
like all the big voice actors.
Marissa deserves that and more so.
All right. Anyway, all right, well, I think I think, believe it or not,
it's a little bit shorter of a show tonight, but that's OK.
It was a little lighter with the news because everybody's
busy at the movies seeing that movie and so forth.
So I want to thank everybody for participating along with our show tonight,
whether you were listening, whether you were here live with us on Sunday night,
whether you are lurking.
Hey, we love you all. Thanks for being a part of the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio,
please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need more voices to put out here on air.
So a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is
you found this podcast, Spotify, whatever.
I guess Spotify lets you leave comments on individual episodes now.
I haven't really looked into that much,
but if somebody leaves us a comment, I'll go look for it.
Do that. Say nice things.
If you leave a nasty comment, I'm ignoring it.
So but that's yeah,
those going off a long way.
So thank you so much.
That's that's all I got.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, who I know is going to go off to play some dead by daylight.
I'll start with you.
What is your final thought for tonight?
About my subathon, because I want people to hang out.
And it's not the subs are like not really the most important thing to me.
But however, if I reach 250 total, I'll bleach my hair live on stream.
Um, I will go platinum, y'all platinum.
But I just want people to hang out with me on my birthday.
It's April 19th, starts at 10 a.m. Pacific Time.
And I just want people to hang out with me on my birthday.
I can't go to Disneyland.
Can't go to San Francisco yet.
So hang out with me.
I'm old. Send Geritol.
If you want, I'll come bring you some prune juice.
It is a warrior's drink.
Well, you can just come over anyway.
I won't be able to be there during the day when I'm working,
but I'll pop in after work.
And if you're
LFG, I'll hop in for at least a couple of games of Debbie.
So well, and the the sort of palate cleanser games
are going to be Marvel Midnight Sons and Cult of the Lamb.
And I think I may be able to attempt a Gartic Phone.
If you haven't played Gartic Phone, it's kind of it's kind of.
That's that's I've played a party game.
That is that. But it wasn't called that.
I usually only ever played it on Nick's stream,
but I might try hosting it myself. We'll see. It might be fun.
All right. Well, thank you.
Thank you, Dark Sakura.
We'll see you next time. Have a great stream.
All right. See y'all on flip side and play pinball. Bye.
I love pinball. I will.
Loki, your final thought for tonight.
Ever since you were a young boy, did you play the silver ball?
From Soho down to Brighton.
I don't know the next lyric,
but I know exactly what you're referencing them all.
Yeah, I must have played them all. That's all right.
All right. Bye. Bye.
All right. Loki, your final thought tonight.
And don't break out in a song, please.
I will never do that.
So my final thought is hopefully we'll have some more content
on the YouTube channel this week.
I'm hoping to get one or two videos out this week.
Awesome. Trying to step it up.
My final thought, I will definitely be streaming more Final Fantasy
or not Final Fantasy.
Well, I'll probably play that again at some point, too,
but definitely some more.
What's that game called?
Pokemon Legends Arceus.
Probably tomorrow going to continue on the main game
because I did some stuff off stream and I have some new
Pokemons to show you.
So I'll be playing that tomorrow after work at some point as well.
I've got a lot of work to catch up on
since I was out for two weeks unexpectedly,
but we'll get there.
So but that's it for me.
Thank you all again for participating with our show tonight.
I really appreciate you all being here.
I hope you all have a fantastic week ahead.
I hope you had a good Easter.
If that's your thing, Passover, if that's your thing
or whatever is your thing.
If just sleeping in on Sunday is your thing.
I hope I hope it was great.
Quite frankly, we'll see you again.
Don't forget your taxes unless you live in a place
where the deadline got extended.
Don't don't forget that.
And we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week, everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show,
tune in to vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio, nor Vaugh Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
But you know, they were all still true.
