George, Lounge, Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, July 14th, 2013, there will be no sequel to Zombie You and we get inside as to why. Exhibitors are announced for the Tokyo Game Show, and is League of Legends the next great American sport?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this, episode 512, July the 14th of 2013.
How you guys doing out there? Live at live.vognetwork.com. We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
And we always love it when you can come out and participate live with the show, but if you're listening on the podcast feed, be it through iTunes, through Stitcher, through whatever it is you use to listen to podcasts, a big thank you to you guys as well.
Always appreciate your support of indie podcasting. So let's talk about games. My name is Rob Roberts and we'll talk games tonight with DarkSakura.
Me. How are you? Me. Me? Oh, you're MII because you have your 3DS open right now. Yeah, I actually feel like I've been to the gym.
Yeah? Because like I walked around all day yesterday, which I'm sure we'll get to, but like my butt hurts like I've been on the elliptical. That's hot.
Everyone knows the elliptical butt hurt, I'm hoping. And if not, then imagine walking uphill for a long time. And that's the elliptical butt hurt as well. I am literally butt hurt.
The show hasn't even started. Is your butt nice and firm DarkSakura? And speak slowly when you respond.
Yeah. Also say hello to, and I don't know how firm his butt is, but let's say hi to tech master Loki. Hi. How are you doing?
Doing fine. Probably not that firm when you get two cheeseburgers at McDonald's, but today you have Subway. You go in the Jared diet or what's up with this?
No, no diet. I just got sick of eating cheeseburgers. It's fair. I've actually been trying to eat better. I've been doing like more salads at work. Like I don't like go out and get fast food.
How are you liking the candy bar? Shut up. I was going to get to that. I do have Friday as a cheat day and I was like, ah, I can't even like like chicken McNuggets don't even sound good. So I think that's a good thing. Right? Like when the really bad food starts to like so bad.
But then DarkSakura, this bitch shows up and brings candy bars to the show and not, they're not just any candy bars. They're crunch bars with girl scout cookie mix or something in them. Cause basically she brought me Samoas. Basically candy bar form.
But if you read the label, they are less bad for you than a serving of Samoas. Oh cool. The entire package is 190 calories. Cool. Can I have two? Yes, you can have two.
Bitch, if you want to eat it, then sure. I will just do some butt firming. Just dance for after the show too. Oh my God. I had the worst Mongolian barbecue last night. Never go to Sue's Mongolian barbecue in Santa Clara.
Oh, okay. Girl, first mistake. You went to Mongolian barbecue in the Bay area. No. Yet to find a good place. No. Dance said that they had a really good place that they went to last year. Okay. And so we thought we were going there, but they went to a different place and it was nasty.
But I mean they had some really good orange chicken that wasn't hot. It was more like sweet and sour orangey chicken and it was pretty good, but I got so sick and then I had to go drink to forget about it.
It was so bad that I had to, I had to drink and then I played drunk 2DX, which was great.
Look, I want to introduce a guest that doesn't drive us to drink out of anger, but we might have a drink with him because he's a good friend of the show and he's, he's been here on and off for really the past 12 years.
Hopefully you recognize this name, even though he hasn't been here in a while. Say hello. Welcome back. Bradley is here. Hello. How's it going? Arkadian42, if you rather. Yes. Is that still your screen name all these years later? Yes, it is. Awesome. Still going that way.
Howdy. How you doing? I'm doing okay. What's new with you? Catch us up on the past year since you've been on the show. Well, it was about six months ago. Okay, six months ago. I haven't done too much different. I went to California Extreme and I saw Dan, but I didn't see Jamie at all.
So I was actually hanging out in the Bamani Corner for quite a while and then I hung up playing Metallica for quite a while. Yeah, I played that one. Did you get to play it? Yeah, I played it a few times. Did you get to play Wizard of Oz? No, I saw it, but I didn't have time. Did you see like the horde around Wizard of Oz? I got to touch it.
Yeah, there was a fair number of people and I kind of looked at it and watched someone playing it right before I left. I have a video of the gameplay and I was planning on posting it tonight and reposting it to the Orange Lounge Tumblr.
Alright, we got to back up a minute here because I wanted to talk about this at the start of the show anyway. You guys, both you guys, I didn't get to go, Logie didn't go. You guys are both at this thing that they do in the Bay Area every year called California Extreme, right? It was quite extreme.
So what, for those that don't know, because they do have an international audience, what is California Extreme? California Extreme is basically a bunch of pinball tables and a bunch of classic arcade games and a couple of new ones here and there. Like I said, there was a 2DX and a couple of DDRs and a BeatMania 3.
And also it's where a lot of pinball vendors, which the number is kind of dwindling now, but parts vendors will come. You know, people sell like, I almost bought a Bionic Woman lunchbox like from when I was an infant. I was so close. So anyway, it's just a big...
And lunchbox.
No, no I didn't. I ended up not. And people, there's documentaries they do there. They do panels. Like we went to this one that was called Galaxy Game where they were talking about the old space fight game and how they programmed it and how much a computer cost in 1971. $13,000.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was expensive.
It talks about having 8K of RAM and how wonderful it was.
It was just a really neat event, you know, and I ran into like tons of people I know that I never see.
So it's like a celebration of classic gaming with like a splash of modern gaming.
Yeah.
It's basically if Bobby Black Wolf Show were an expo, right?
Well, it's also, you know, all these games are on free play on top of it. And it's, Stern comes out every year and brings like their top new tables. And so there was like an Avengers there. There was an X-Men. There was ACDC. There was the new Metallica table with all the three different types of back glass on it.
And it was just really a lot of fun. And of course, man, I feel so bad because the guy who owns this Big Bang bar, actually no, he I think sold it to the convention finally, a Big Bang bar prototype, which was like one of Capcom's last tables they produced.
It's really beat. It's in rotten shape. It needs to be shopped. But the thing now is that you can get repro parts for it because they've actually there's a person reproducing the Big Bang bar table and kingpin. They had a kingpin there, too.
And then there were like the Gottlieb tables that were all like Miami Heat instead of Miami Vice and Raven instead of Rambo. You know, all these little knockoff titles because they couldn't get licensing.
And, you know, Data East tables that are always kind of between cheeseball and awesome. There's the Super Mario mushroom world there. You know, I love that one. Yeah. And it was broken when I tried to play it. And then all these other people who are taller than me were trying to play like, dude, I'm actually the right size.
And then there was this game that had like it's like called Alley Cat or something that had trash cans and they lift up. It's a little kid's ball game. Oh, yeah. Melody and I were there, got on our knees and we're just throwing balls and balls and balls and balls at it.
So you got on your knees and we're playing with balls and cats, balls and pussy. Okay. Just just make it sure we're all busy. All right. Good times. Bradley, were you on your knees playing with balls at some point? Oh, not really your thing.
I didn't go on these, but I did play that little the Super Mario one, the small title. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because like Mario had like a kid's table and an adult table. Right. Yeah. Because they were right next to each other. They did have one that was on adult size legs. Yeah. But it was just to display the LEDs.
Okay. That might have been something different, but there was two next to the little one and the other one. I know because one of them does the I don't know the complete name of it, but it's one that I had like there was an arcade near my high school that had it.
We're not an arcade. Actually, Ice Rink had it and I went there and played it every so often. Oh, it's a good fun one.
Um, I was just gonna say about California extreme. It's not really just the games either. You because you run into a lot of people. Right. Which is what ticks me off. Why I couldn't go because you ran into like tons of people blast from the past from the DDR days. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. Like, uh, ran into, uh, Richard ran into, uh, sell Chris Tang, which you see Chris Tang at every event that has the money. Um, uh, ran into, uh, Ali, I ran into, um, Wendell, of course.
And, uh, Chris from DDR freak back in the day, he actually arrived late at night. Like I'm in the middle of playing the song and then I end the song. Next thing I know, I'm like in this bear hug. It was awesome. That's cool.
So it was kind of like a little mini con. Yeah, pretty much. And then it's a lot of, you know, because a lot of us who, you know, started off back in the day, we're all grown up. So we were going out, you know, drinking in the, cause there's like a little bar in the front of the Hyatt and you know, $15 lemon drop.
So we're actually out there having our adult fruit, fruit drinks and talking about games. Is it more of an adult convention? Like I'm not talking, there was some kids there, but a lot of people, you know, there was, there was some teenagers, there were some little kids there, but a lot of people really were just older gamers.
I bet a lot of those were like people bringing their kids too, or like they were bringing themselves and brought their kids. There were a few. Yeah. Like I actually met a guy from Folsom who has like a pretty sizable private collection and he brought his daughter.
Nice. We actually ended up hanging out at a table just chatting about collections versus buying a house. Cause that's what Dan and I were trying to do. Did you get more listeners for VOG while you were there? I did pimp us out.
Okay, good. And there's some people I'm sorry, I've forgotten to put you, uh, uh, on my Facebook, but hi, it was great to meet you. And I met a friend of Kyle Snyder.
What the hell has he been doing? I'm sorry. No idea, but I said I'd give him a shout out. So hi.
I know like we have like more listeners now than we did back in the DDR day. And like none of you people know who Kyle Snyder was, but for those that do epic freestyle and he actually what didn't he debut a single here on this show like years ago.
And I've always wondered what happened to that kid. I'm not even kidding. Like, Oh God, no, it was one of the best of the dark Tetsuya put together, had his premiere in it.
And I was listening to like, yes, I was listening to my own show while I was driving to Disneyland cause I'm such a narcissist. Well, no, I, I, I wanted to hear the best of the dark Tetsuya put together.
And I heard the Kyle Snyder segment and I was like, what happened to that kid? What happened? I mean, he's gotta be like 30 now, right? Maybe if I'm 35, that guy's gotta be 30 last I heard, you know, he went on his Mormon mission and that's, you know, that's a two year commitment.
So people sometimes disappear after that. So amazing. I just thought it was, you know, pretty, uh, pretty interesting, you know, running into people who knew people that I knew and, you know, especially, and I spent all day on my, uh, my, uh, DS checking where I tagged people from and running into people who screen names.
I recognize and like going, I want to send them a message, find me shit, you know, but yeah, you should be able to like add friends from that or at least, or at least like send a message.
You know, I wanted to, I actually did tag him twice and I could have sent him a message, but it was toward the end of the night and he wouldn't have gotten my message. So whatever you're having fun with your three DS. This is only the second week you've had it.
I swear everybody. Oh yeah, I have, I'm already, I've already got, let's see, I've expanded my house. I bought my house, expanded it twice, bought my upstairs, expanded it once and I have my basement now. I'm paying for my dream suites. I'm getting club lol and Blathers wants to expand my, uh, my museum.
You're, you're on it and animal crossing. Fuck yeah. Awesome. It's cause I go to the island and pick fruit instead of doing the little, uh, games and then go sell my fruit and then I do it like five times in a day. That's how to do it. That's how to do it. I'm making money. It's 80 style.
All right, let me go back to Bradley, our guest Bradley. You had fun at California stream. Were you there Friday and Saturday or just Saturday or no, just Saturday. There's a Saturday Sunday convention. So why don't I think it was three days? I thought it was just to gotcha.
Um, what, what, what kinds of games you've been playing the past year or six months you beaten anything lately or, uh, rogue, rogue Alexi was the last thing I beat. That was a pretty cool game. Bobby was just talking about that on his show.
That's the one where like it's the Metroid Castlevania game where you play descendants of the hero. Yeah. So basically you go through the castle and you're collecting, basically you're collecting money as you go through it and then trying to beat the bosses and stuff.
And, uh, as you get more money and once you, you die after a while, cause it's, the enemies are kind of hard and it's easy to, to all the spikes and all that kind of stuff. So once you die, you basically build up your castle.
Basically, uh, as you upgrade, you get different options and, uh, you get new options for what children can be and like runes and things like that to basically expand your gameplay and help you along, get you more HP, more MP and, and other, other options like that.
And then then you keep trying over and over again for hundreds of times. Um, yeah, I saw this game on steam and I wanted to get it, but it is not part of the, and we'll obviously have to talk about this.
The steam sale going on right now, which has many people's attentions, but it's still worth it outside the, the lack of sale price, right?
Yeah. Actually I did see it on sale for like $2 off or something like that. Not, not too big of a deal, but.
Well that's something.
Yeah. So I bought it at $15 and that's well worth the price.
That's no like Tomb Raider for 12 bucks or Borderlands 2 for 10, but that's, that's still a pretty good deal.
Yeah. And you can play this for hours and hours. Some people can beat it pretty fast. That took me like 22 hours just cause I took a lot of time exploring the castle each time and didn't try to kill the bosses really early.
So, and then there's new fame plus and you can just keep going and going as much as you want.
Nice. That sounds like a fun time.
Another big game was playing Animal Crossing. I've been playing that shit loads. Basically I'm already up to 85 hours in the game. Like man, it just takes so much time. There's so many different things to do. Like it takes like two hours a day to, to when you're starting out.
That's all?
Yeah. Well, I've spent more than that. Like on the Island days, if you go to Island.
I fell off the wagon y'all. I stopped playing Animal Crossing. I just couldn't take that investment anymore. I'm just like, it's too much. I have to do it every day.
And part of it too is that it's a slow process. Like if I could just open up my 3DS and be in my town, yay, I'd be there. But it's like, you got to open it up, load the game, wait for the game, wait for the thing to load your town.
Then you got to make sure you save and quit. Are you going to get Mr. Aceti? It's just kind of like, it takes too fucking long to get in there.
True.
No, I don't think so.
I do.
Yeah. But it is a lot of time investment to do a bunch of things. Yeah. And basically the, the message boards I go at, we're basically have loads of front people that are messing each other and getting, swapping items and all that stuff.
Okay.
So basically I've gotten a lot of stuff.
Well, nice.
Almost done with the house.
Well, you will get my small pitiful house in your, in Plaza now since we, I see the green light on my 3DS. So there you go.
And other games, FTL was a big game that I played a lot of, and I played that this week, uh, to, for the trading card thing.
And you got sucked into that trading card thing too?
I don't know. I don't know about the trading yet, actually doing the trading cause that seems like a ton of annoyingness, but I did play that and a bit of Meat Boy, Super Meat Boy, and haven't played too many other games that were in that thing that this trading card so far.
Well, they're adding new ones every day.
Yeah. Cause I probably go play, I want to pay Portal and Portal 2 again to, cause I haven't played them on Steam yet, so I could see them in other than 720p and watch them in 1080 or however good they are on, for the Steam version.
So I might do that pretty soon.
Awesome.
And another big thing right now is those new, the new Meat Plaza games. Basically they just released those last week, and you can basically get the bundle for 15 bucks of all four of them.
And basically, I think at the right, at the beginning, near the beginning of, of, of Extreme, the California Extreme yesterday, I almost spent an hour standing off right near the entrance doing the updates for those, or doing the, doing those games.
Doing, cause basically you can, for each new game you can take all the 10 tags that you have and take them through each game. So that takes a lot.
Yeah, that's not for convention play. You know what I mean? Like that's just too many people. Like, but that's, for, for when you occasionally street pass on people, I think that's a good, good thing to do.
They need to let you hold more than 10 people in the buffer though.
That would be nice.
That would be nice. For conventions.
Yeah, that was annoying cause then I think I'd be done and then like, nope, more people.
Imagine when I was at E3.
Oh yeah. I'm just waiting until my next Disneyland trip.
Disneyland's not as bad. I mean, you will fill it up partway through the day. So you want to check a couple of times a day and it's going to be harder with these four new games because now it's like, now I got to play this, the fantasy zone game.
Now I got to play the kingdom game and whatever. It's, it's a lot. So I think, I think I kind of have to pick my battles and which, which game do I really want to progress on the most? And for me, that's the puzzle trading to get the little 3d pictures.
I did finish two puzzles.
Did you? Congrats.
Good.
Yeah. They just opened up two new ones right when I was like, I was within like 40 pieces of having everything and now two new puzzles.
Just these four new puzzles.
Bastard. Really?
Yes.
Oh my God.
Jerks.
All right. Fair enough.
Um, well, I guess I've been blurring the line here a little bit between trying to interview Bradley and getting to our gaming weeks, but one thing I wanted to bring up was steam sale.
I'm sure you guys listening to this show can't avoid it.
What is it about the steam sale that gets everybody in the gaming community talking?
I guess it's probably them prices, right?
The fact that, uh, you know, what is it today right now?
Tomb Raider as of the taping of the show, 12 bucks.
Actually, that was yesterday's deal, but they, they last for 48 hours, right?
Uh, borderlands two for $10 and the season pass another $10 a really cheap stuff.
And then of course, valve trying to sweeten the pot a little bit by this whole new thing with the trading cards.
And now they've incorporated that into the sale where you get trading cards for voting, which Ooh, it's after six o'clock.
I got to go vote on what game is next. Get my, I'll do my later.
But, uh, yeah, they get the cards through that or by spending money or by crafting badges.
Thank you, Loki. He gave me the two cards I was missing in the super meat boy set.
And I crafted my first badge before the show.
And I got, uh, I got a summer sale card for crafting it now.
And I got my little emoticon that's deal with it with the super meat boy shades.
And I got the doctor fetus background with the big middle finger for my profile.
So that's kind of awesome. So if you visit my profile, well, I haven't changed it yet, but I will, but, uh, I will be flipping you off on my steam profile.
But I wanted to say, if you are getting into the trading card whoring thing for no explainable reason, like myself, uh, visit vognetwork.com and check out the forums.
I have posted an official steam trading card for him there because not only did I trade with Loki, I think I traded with Rababa the other day.
You know, I'm starting to trade with other people, but I would like to help out vog listeners.
I'll go to the general steam trade community if I must, but I'd rather help the vog people get the cards they need first.
So I only have a couple extras right now, but if I have something you want, let's talk.
Uh, cause now what do I need? I'm two cards short on really big skies.
So if you have, if you have the cards for that, help me out.
Uh, Alan Alchemy in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says the trading cards are neat, but I'm annoyed at their integration into the sale.
They already had a great meta game for sales that worked and did more to enrich and create content for the community in my opinion.
Like write, write a recommendation for a game you own, post screenshots and so on.
Um, yeah, you know, steam did kind of generalize that into a community badge.
So it's there, but yeah, I liked, I did like how you'd kind of get the perks every few months when they did these big sales, the summer sale and the winter sale.
Like I, I do kind of miss that a little bit because the kind of homogenizing it all into just the general community badge is going to make the sales lose that little special end of it.
But the trading cards is something, but I draw the line at spending real money.
I won't, I won't, I promise I won't, but I will probably end up with Borderlands 2 cause Bobby got Borderlands 2.
I'll play.
And you've got Borderlands 2.
I do and I haven't played it yet.
Loki has Borderlands 2. That's four people to all play some co-op on live streaming. What do you think? What do you think Dark Soccer? What do you think?
Alright, I get the thumbs up in the other room.
Alright, let's get into our other gaming weeks and the other types of games that you've been playing this week.
I do not leave trash all over your table, hello.
Oh, I appreciate that.
I was throwing it away like a responsible adult.
You gotta do something responsible.
You could have just put it in the bowl with this trash cause I gotta go throw that out anyway.
You know what? My trash is separate.
You have to separate our trash? I understand.
I don't want my trash to get gay.
I'm kidding. Shame on you.
Alright.
I will throw away your trash.
Oh, you don't have to do that.
I'm up.
Aw, shucks. Thanks.
Well then, since Dark Soccer's walking away, let me check in with Bradley.
I know you kinda already gave us the rundown on what you've been playing lately, but is there any other games you wanna talk about during your gaming week?
Oh, let's see. I don't know if there was anything else that I didn't mention.
Okay. That's alright. I figured you probably got out what you were currently playing in there.
Well, Jamie's back, so let me ask Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
Fuck. Busy.
I played a lot of BeatMania 2DX. I got to try a lot of new songs, some of which I passed the first time through.
I was playing on standard, so, you know, easy mode.
I passed Star Mine.
Ain't no shame in that. You're in your mid-thirties now. You get to tone it down a bit.
I haven't touched it since we last had one, and what did we have last? A red?
It actually had the DJ Troopers banner on it, but it was a trichoro.
I got to play a lot of fun stuff. I played some BeatMania 3.
Going from 2DX to BeatMania 3, the timing is just freakin' bizarre, you know?
So anyway, I played Quartet, which I was super disappointed that I couldn't hear the music.
Our fortune cookie reflects the music because I wanna freakin' hear that song.
I also played... I didn't play Journey because there was someone on it every time.
I played a lot of Metallica Pinball. It's super good.
It's funny with me and three other people behind me singing Master of Puppets while I'm playing the game.
Because I can't help it, you know?
Master of Puppets is just one of those songs that you have to sing along with certain parts of it if you know the song.
And I love old Metallica.
Also, one of our friends that drove us down there, he has a limited edition Metallica.
He buys everything that Stern puts out new.
And he got it signed by... I think the artist's name was Dirty Donny, I think.
He just ran into him and got him to sign it. So that was cool.
I know I played a bunch of other stuff.
I did play some Little Inferno as far as not classic stuff.
I pretty much played a ton of different games.
I played Timber with Melody. That was fun.
And then we threw our balls at some pussies. And it was pretty fun too.
I also played ACDC Pinball. I played Big Bang Bar.
I played The Wizard of Oz Pinball.
I got some footage of it that I'm going to be putting on my Tumblr and reposting to the Orange Lounge Tumblr later tonight.
Including the rainbow mode. Rob, it's so cool.
It's like they've got multicolored LEDs in the play field.
So that they'll cycle through different colors over each area instead of just having the standard incandescence of the older tables.
It's pretty neat.
So yeah, I won't go too much into the classic stuff because, like I said, there's a bunch of it there and I played a bunch of it.
I played a lot of Animal Crossing, like I said.
Little Inferno, I finally put down the two bucks to get Little Inferno on Steam.
It's freaking fun.
And the art style is like Edward Gorey and Joan M. Vasquez and Tim Burton all got put into a blender and their art style came out into this.
It was pretty neat.
And it's kind of just a creepy game, but basically what happens in that game is that you get a fireplace.
And you just burn stuff. And you can earn money the more that you burn things and buy different things out of catalogs.
And as you get different combos of stuff, you unlock more catalog and you have to use up your catalog before you can get a new catalog.
And you have to make 99 different combos of stuff.
And some of them are kind of hard because for one that's one of the last ones in there, you have to combine the sun and Pluto and the moon.
And it's called the solar system combo.
But when you put Pluto in there, it freezes everything. But when you put the sun in there, it burns everything.
And it lasts for a long time, so you actually have to wait until your fireplace is completely empty.
Put in Pluto and then put in the sun and then the moon. And then it'll do everything.
You get like ice cubes. There's one that's called the well-medicated combo that's like wine and happy pills and stuff.
That one's pretty funny. And the wine is called the midlife crisis mitigator.
What game is this still? Little Inferno?
Little Inferno. And then when you get past that, and to anyone who hasn't played it before that's going to,
remember what items that you send to your neighbor.
Because those are the items for the final combo.
Which I had to go back and look them all up again because I forgot what I sent.
After that, though, you have like a little adventure part of the game. You know, kind of a point-and-clicky sort of thing.
And I just started that, so I'm going to probably be playing more of that one tomorrow.
And I actually have not played any Mass Effect for an entire week.
Oh my god! What is the date? July 14th, episode 512. The one where she didn't play Mass Effect all week long. Holy shit.
Rob, in my defense, I've been looking for houses and I didn't play live on Thursday because of the stupid cough.
So you know what? I'm allowed to take a vacation.
I just, Commander Shepard is shedding a single tear.
Sometimes people in relationships need to take some time off from each other.
Allowed to take a vacation. That is something a pod person would say.
Anyway, I did buy a few more games on Steam, but I forgot what they were because I'm probably going to buy more tonight.
But I was going to get FTL, but it just doesn't seem like my kind of game.
Oh, I did get Hotline Miami and the Download Pack.
And I haven't tried it yet, but it just looks like it's so much fun because I like going around in a virtual environment.
A safe virtual environment where there's no risk that I'm actually going to do anything like this in real life and kill a bunch of people.
And big bloody massacres with a neat soundtrack.
It's not like I'm going to plug in my iPhone and listen to some dead mouse and shoot up a mall. Not going to happen.
Not going to happen.
Only in game.
Only in a game.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't really play a whole ton of this stuff because I was doing all sorts of weird things.
Like I was modding my laptop cooling tray because I was trying to play Super Meat Boy on Sunday and my laptop got really hot.
My laptops with dedicated graphics cards, they tend to get warm because graphics cards aren't meant to be shoved into a laptop.
So I figured I needed a little bit more than just the really cheap blower fans that they had on there.
So I crafted a thing using basically the parts I had from my PC and my laptop cooling tray.
So after cutting some of the plastic around and stuff, I screwed in two 120mm fans in there that are from my Antec case.
So they have the three speed settings.
And of course you need a dedicated 12 volt power supply so I have a separate plug in the wall now.
And I had to manufacture a super long molex cable to connect to it.
So I have that now.
It works okay except I need new fan grills on it because the ones I made out of some office mesh stuff, office supply trays and stuff, they kind of bend too much.
And so occasionally if it's sitting weird in my lap you'll hear it scrape against the fan blades.
But it keeps it cool, that's for sure.
So let's see, aside from that I played Super Meat Boy. I actually played through quite a bit of it.
And then I have been staring at a lot of the Steam sales stuff but so far I'm showing much restraint and not picking up Fallout New Vegas Ultimate Edition for $5.
Because I know that a game like that, like Skyrim, is going to take hundreds of hours to sink in there.
And it'll be a fun hundred hours or so but with Saints Row 4 around the corner and Grand Theft Auto 5 in a couple months I really have to plan my gaming because Grand Theft Auto 5 is going to encompass my entire life after Grand Theft Auto 5 comes out.
So yeah, so I'm not picking that up yet.
Although tomorrow that's another thing.
That gameplay trailer which I haven't seen yet.
So amazing.
How'd you feel about that?
Oh it was great.
Yeah?
It was fantastic.
What'd you think of it?
We talked about it on Hoard House this week.
I guess there's a teaser at the end about a Grand Theft Auto Online?
Well it's just what they're calling their online portion of the game.
Because there's an online portion to Grand Theft Auto 4 but now they're calling it Grand Theft Auto Online.
And it looks great.
I mean it looks really good.
Obviously the screenshots that they've been putting out aren't the same quality as the gameplay trailer.
But that just leads to the rumors that yeah they're producing a higher quality asset version of the game so they can be ported to the PC or next gen consoles when the time comes.
Just so y'all know, Loki told me before the show tonight, you will get Grand Theft Auto 5 and you will play it.
Like it was not unique to us. You will.
Well because you have Grand Theft Auto 4 and you still haven't played it.
Alan played it on PC.
That's Alan playing it. I'm not talking about Alan. I'm talking about you playing it.
Honestly though, you probably should just skip 4 at this point and just go straight into 5 because it's going to be way better anyways.
I don't know. Just everything looks great about it.
Like the gameplay looks tighter. The combat looks better.
The level of detail in the game is just ridiculous.
And it just looks fun. It looks like a game that I can sink hundreds of hours into.
And let's not kid ourselves. You will.
I will.
That game will cause disagreements between you and the wife.
No, no it won't because I will.
The only problem is going to be getting this scream to play that on.
I guess I could play it in the other room but I can because my Xbox 360 has WiFi so that will be just fine.
There you go.
I can play in the other room.
Problem solved.
Exactly.
Alright, anything else for your gaming week?
No, not really. I'm just getting ready.
I was installing Arma 2 and the expansion DayZ.
Actually, because Gali had sent me a message on Twitter saying that he has a DayZ breakpoint server.
So maybe we can do that in the future.
VOG game night. Although for now I'm just suspending VOG game night because it's hard to get everybody together.
It's just to think of games to play.
It's really difficult, especially since on Fridays, usually Josh is going to bed later.
So I'm getting on at 9 and it's not a whole ton of time to play.
Focus on building our online communities for now and then we can look into doing something like that again.
The good thing though, there is one good gaming thing that did happen this week.
By some miracle, they fixed our Minecraft server long enough for me to download the backup of it.
So I made a backup and downloaded the world. So we still have the world intact now.
So my plan is when I do eventually get around to actually...
Aww, that's just fantastic. Brad, you're awesome.
So Brad from Pod Culture sent me a copy of Fallout New Vegas Ultimate Edition.
Oh, shut up. Right now?
Yeah, it's awesome. Thank you.
Brad, you are too good to us. That man sends us booze. He sends us games.
Brad, you're the man. He's awesome.
And he sends me episodes of Doctor Who.
What else does a nerd need besides games, Doctor Who, and booze?
Coffee!
Coffee.
Brad, you're right. Everybody listen to Pod Culture. 6 o'clock Pacific, Monday nights here at VOG.
So anyways, the plan is what I'm going to do with it once I get around to actually setting up that Minecraft server with mods and stuff.
I'm going to do a multi-world server where you can travel between the server that Gali has set up right now, which I think is a survival server.
So I'm just going to leave that alone. And then ours, which is a creative server.
So you'll be able to go back and forth between that stuff and I think it'll be the best of both worlds there.
I don't want to ruin the mood, but don't download that while the show's going.
No, of course not. Come on, man.
Let's see. Oh, going to the chat room. It's almost like it's a list list going on here.
What else does a nerd need besides Doctor Who, liquor, and games?
SSJ100Matt says boobs. You know, I'm a gay male and I'm not going to disagree with that. I need boobs too.
You know what? Sometimes boobs get in the way.
I will cosign that to the list. Fifth Dream says masturbation. No comment.
Misty says Mountain Dew. I don't know.
No. Nasty shit.
Maybe beverage of some type.
Coffee.
Okay. Coffee.
Coffee.
So a caffeinated beverage of some sort.
I will let caffeinated beverages go, except Mountain Dew is nasty shit.
Which, by the way, Rob, I have to say something, speaking of nerd drinks.
Do you remember a soda called Josta?
Oh God, yes. It sounds familiar for some reason.
It was like this golden colored drink and it had a red and black label with a panther on it.
It was put out by Pepsi, but Pepsi never put their logo on the label.
And it went off the market fairly quickly. Josta was really good.
And somebody brought a 15 year old can of it. Oh, I do remember this.
Somebody brought a 15 year old can of it to a California extreme and you drank it.
No. I found a soda at the Russian market that tastes almost exactly like it. It's a Brazilian guarana soda.
That is the most random thing you've ever said on this show.
But Josta was made out of guarana.
Hey y'all, remember Josta? Well you can get it at the Russian grocery store.
Keep in mind, keep in mind, I used to drink this stuff and watch Sailor Moon marathons.
Josta is the official drink of my Sailor Moon marathons, so you can stop laughing at me.
Alright, so let me just add that to the list.
Doctor Who, boobs, game, liquor. Apparently Josta and Sailor Moon are on the list too.
Well I'm glad that the Josta clone or whatever was more important than playing Mass Effect this week.
No, looking for houses was more...
Which by the way, the other...
And by the way, it wasn't Russian, it was Brazilian, but it was a Brazilian soda at a Russian market.
By the way, the other comment we got in chat, this is a little bit delayed here,
but that the Gaben.tv song, the G-A-B-E-N dot TV song,
is appropriate for when Dark Sakura announces that she hasn't played Mass Effect for an entire week.
Now this is supposed to be for the Steam sale.
This website is brilliant.
I really think this should be the official thing that they launch with when you open Steam during the sale.
It really should be that, but it just launches with that.
Or whenever Jamie launches Mass Effect, it's a picture of Garrus that comes up.
Are you ready for a miracle?
You know, that song is gonna pull...
That's what's... You know what's gonna happen when they play that song on Steam?
It's when Half-Life 3 gets announced.
That's just gonna all of a sudden be like, hey, wait a second, this is from the Steam sale.
Oh, whoa, now hold on a second. Something's different.
He's not dressed... He's dressed up like a...
I want that song played at my 40th birthday.
Alright, anyhow.
I don't know who you people are. I'm leaving.
You love us. Okay, My Gaming Week.
For dinner.
We haven't even done My Gaming Week yet.
My Gaming Week consisted of Loki's Ouya.
He let me borrow it.
Now I was playing with some apps on it. I didn't get to play a lot of games, to be honest,
but one of the first things I had to do, because again, I'm a narcissist.
We talked about this earlier in the show.
I had to download the TuneIn app and listen to VOG on the TuneIn app, which you can do.
So if you own an Ouya, I urge you, go get the TuneIn app and check out VOG,
because we are on TuneIn and you can listen to us through your Ouya.
I also played that parking valet simulator, the No Brakes Valet, whatever that's called.
That game cracked me up. That was fun.
And I was playing around with the Twitch TV app, which runs...
I gotta say, it runs... No surprise, it's the exact same setup as the mobile Twitch TV,
but it runs very well. I wasn't getting any screens that were entirely black,
which I get a lot on mobile. I was getting a lot of good-looking feeds on Twitch TV.
So that was pretty awesome. I like that.
Also, as far as other games go, thank you Steam sale.
I bought Scribblenauts Unlimited for $5, and I've been having fun with that.
Scribblenauts, of course, is a puzzle game of sorts where you can type whatever object
that comes to mind to help you solve the puzzle.
For example, I was in a museum level and I had to put things on the paintings
that the people looking at them would appreciate.
So, for example, there might be a caveman.
So one thing that he might appreciate, a campfire.
So you put in campfire and you put it in there.
Scribblenauts Unlimited allows you to use the descriptive text,
so like you get an adjective, right?
When you have a red balloon or a red whatever.
Or I think I had a mission where the guy was going to go pick a girl up on a date
and needed a cool ride, so I said, pink SUV.
And I got credit for it.
Should have done DeLorean.
Yeah, that's true.
The only negative I can think of for Scribblenauts Unlimited is it's more of a word puzzle
than it is platformer puzzle, at least in the early levels.
Now, granted, I'm still early on.
I probably have like 16 stars total, so I'm not like super far into the game.
But I've played it for an hour or two.
And I imagine the puzzles get more complicated later on
and maybe there's not so much maybe platforming,
but certainly the way that items would interact with other items
because I've seen a little bit of that so far.
Like, I think at one point I called out an axe murderer
because somebody wanted to be scared.
But the axe murderer actually ended up killing somebody,
and that was like a permanent thing.
So you've got to be careful.
Just watch out when you summon axe murderers.
Maybe you should just do Creepy Stalker.
Never summon Cthulhu. He will kill everything.
That's what Cthulhu does. He's an older god.
All right. So, yeah.
It's a cute game.
It's kind of an elaborate word puzzler.
The first few levels you're going to be kind of tapping your fingers on the desk
like, okay, this is pretty easy.
I know what I'm going to do when I get to that level.
What?
Little red Corvette.
And if it's driven by prints, it'll be even better.
I haven't really seen a sandbox stage.
I mean, I guess you can always go back to the farm level
and do whatever you want there,
but I was kind of surprised that, like, there isn't, like...
Well, the first Scribblenauts game, it was just a mode that you just go in the sandbox.
Yeah, I haven't really seen that in this, so...
But anyway, it was five bucks. Amazing.
Actdeft in chat says, I summon Cthulhu for a monster party.
You do see some funny stuff, like in...
I think it was in the diner level in the basement.
There's some monsters that are dancing around
and they want another person to dance with them.
So I summon Scary Unicorn,
and it was a unicorn with a mask on that was scary.
It is really cool how the game really can translate,
like, whatever you type into items.
And you can even build your own items,
which is pretty cool and edit stuff, so...
Yeah, I was...
There's still a lot of fun to be had in it,
even if the game itself is pretty simple.
Otherwise, other games I've been playing, not a lot of new stuff.
Still the Final Fantasy XIV beta,
which Beta 3 finally ends this weekend.
Okay, here's how much I've played the Final Fantasy XIV beta, you guys.
I actually got to the point where it said,
Well, that's all the story we have in the beta.
You have completed everything in the beta.
Go home!
I got to that point in the story where it's like,
Look forward to the release of the game.
You beat the beta.
And even then, Shane's like,
Well, you can still go get your chocobo.
You're not really done yet.
Go get your chocobo.
We got more instances to run.
I didn't play it all this weekend, Rob.
Yeah?
Because I was...
I think a lot of people are just kind of waiting for the release now.
I have to save up the money so I can buy it.
And also, they're going to nuke everybody pretty soon anyway,
so it's like, eh, why am I going to waste that time?
But Beta 4 should be in about three weeks or so,
and that supposedly is going to have the voice acting in the story quests
and some other stuff too.
It'll have more of the game.
Oh, there's voice acting in the game?
Yeah.
For the main story quests, there's going to be voice acting.
Yeah, I didn't know that until I read it, I think on Reddit.
And it was out of a producer interview or something like that,
so I don't question its legitimacy.
But yeah, I'm loving Realm Reborn.
It's such good fan service.
It's just so well done, especially the first game.
We don't acknowledge that anymore.
This is really what it should have been the whole time,
and this is what people want out of a Final Fantasy MMO, I think.
So, I don't know.
Some Eleven purists would probably argue with me on that,
but I really think there's a lot of people that are going to be very happy with it.
You know what I want out of an MMO?
Final Fantasy XI, then go free to play.
That would be nice, wouldn't it?
WhatupG in chat asks,
How many hours did you put in Sky?
I lost count. Is there a slash played?
Easily 20. Easily.
Probably more.
And I'm not just talking this weekend.
I'm talking kind of comprehensive across the beta,
but it's probably more.
Sg100Matt says,
Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn on max graphics settings is amazing.
Soundtrack is great, too.
Oh yeah, the soundtrack is phenomenal.
I mean, to be fair, the soundtrack was actually pretty good in 1.0,
but a good soundtrack won't save a shitty game.
So it's great that now there's this nice game
that the soundtrack compliments very well.
I do need to turn down the crowd noise,
because there's some weird voices in the crowd noise
when you're in a crowded area.
Like the one girl who goes, ha ha!
It is neat, though, that when you go into crowded areas,
you get the crowd noises.
There's little things like that that really add to it.
It's really cool.
That was really it for my gaming week.
Oh, the Mii Plaza games.
I played those quickly.
A couple of those I checked out.
There is a space shooter-type game
where your Miis that you collect by street passing,
the color of their shirts determines the weapons
that you can place on your ship.
So you can have a red shirt as a flamethrower,
a blue shirt as a homing missile,
and then it's a little space shooter game,
so it's an awesome little addition to Mii Plaza.
Bummer that they cost money,
but they're decent games for, what is it, $15 for the bundle?
For the four games?
Great.
To register participation for this week's episode
of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, color.
All right, that's it for our gaming weeks,
so we can get into gaming news,
but quickly I'm just going to say housekeeping.
Don't forget to add us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R,
and follow us on Facebook as well.
Be our friend, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio,
or also on Google+.
All the places you can connect with us
are located at our website, orangeloungeradio.com.
There's a place in the upper right-hand corner
that has all these little logos
to the different places that we're at.
I encourage you to follow us on Steam as well.
I mentioned before we have our little Steam community
at the Voice of Geeks Network,
which you can see in the forums,
that if you're getting into the trading card whoring
like I am and like Loki inevitably will get into later,
check it out.
The only way that I would get into that
is if it was conveniently timed with a game that I'm playing,
because I'm not going to really play a game,
although I did for Super Meat Boy, I did play the game.
And you gave me your cards,
so I'm more than happy with the way that turned out.
And you know what though? I'm glad that I did,
because Super Meat Boy was an excellent game,
and I do like it.
It's a great way to revisit games.
I didn't talk about it during my gaming week,
but not only did I play Scribblenauts,
I played Really Big Sky, I played Super Meat Boy,
I played Magica, I played...
What else did I play to get cards out of?
There's something else, too.
I mean, there's all these games I'm collecting cards in,
and it forces me to go back and play the games again.
Yeah. So, anyways.
Alright, so how popular are these next-gen systems going to be?
I mean, I think they're going to be very popular,
and if anything, we should learn from these pre-orders
that they are so popular that they're selling out
of their allotments.
So yes, like any other console launch,
they're going to be hard to find at launch.
So, for example, GameStop,
they've stopped taking pre-orders for the PlayStation 4,
and they are also running shorts, I guess,
on Xbox One systems, the day one edition.
I guess, well, right now,
they are still selling some of the Xbox One bundles,
but a lot of them are gone, so they are almost out of those.
Also, Amazon.
They have stopped taking pre-orders for the Xbox One
and the PlayStation 4 launch bundles as well.
So, yeah.
Probably the demand's been just very high for these things,
so that's got to be a good sign, unlike the Wii U.
I don't know. We'll have to see.
I remember there's still that rumor
that they're having some problems with the yields
from the chips for the Xbox One,
so that could possibly lead to some shortages there.
We'll see if there's anything to that.
But either way, it should be a very successful launch
as far as console numbers go.
SSG100Matt says,
Of course there's going to be shortage.
Gonna drive up demand as much as possible.
Yes, but I mean, honestly,
I don't think they try to do it on purpose.
I mean, granted, that's a wonderful side effect
of the console being popular.
Unlike, you know, I seriously think with the Wii
and the Wii U or whatever,
that they were shortening that stuff on purpose.
At least the Wii U, because I remember they were saying,
Oh, it's so impossible to find,
and yet it was just sitting on shelves
like all these different places.
So I just kind of wonder about that stuff,
but I don't know.
Once again, it's going to end up,
they're going to have to sell a lot of units
to get the third-party support,
because if it's just not there,
if they're not selling any units,
then they're not going to sell games,
and they're going to lose support.
They're going to develop for systems that have the numbers.
What systems would be left, the 360 and PS3?
You'd be surprised, yeah.
They would just develop for current gen stuff.
Let's see, in our chat room,
WhatUpG says,
I think they are putting out more PlayStation 4 than Xbox One.
Dungeon Buster says,
In Microsoft's case,
it could also be a continuing problem
with silicon yields for their new CPU.
Alan Alchemy says,
It's only on purpose when Nintendo does it.
Live.vognetwork.com.
Well, okay.
Here's why, and this is kind of going back to,
how long were there shortages on the Wii?
Like, over a year.
That's ridiculous.
I mean, even with the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3,
there were shortages for maybe six months
when they were catching up on the demand stuff,
but then they were able to keep up with it.
But the Wii, it was hard to find just forever.
It was ridiculous.
Seeing the day-to-day operation of how Nintendo works,
they do allocate a lot of stuff
where they kind of hold back things
that they could possibly sell
and place them in certain places.
For example, there may be shortages for some retailers,
but other retailers are getting product
because they're filling the demand there first
and shorting everybody else,
or they're holding back
because they don't want any extra units
sitting on the shelves
to make it seem like that the system is selling out.
Like the Wii U, they didn't hold back systems,
and there were some sitting on the shelves,
and that definitely let people know
that it isn't selling out,
and so I guess maybe that could have possibly affected
demand on it or something.
I don't really know.
I don't think it would,
but I guess that could be their train of thought.
Way too early to still call a victor this year, though, right?
Anything still happen?
Oh, yeah.
All I'm going to say is
Nintendo has got their work cut out for them
to really sell those consoles
because they're betting that these first-party tiles
are going to sell consoles in.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, Nintendo, Mario games are great.
They do remain the cheapest option on the table.
They are the cheapest option.
Oh, speaking of cheap options, actually,
I was going to say there is a PlayStation 3 SKU
coming out next month for $199.
What?
Yeah.
Oh.
PlayStation 3, wow.
PlayStation 3.
That's still, wow, that's great.
However, the hard drive is really small.
It's a 12-gig hard drive.
They had it in Europe right now.
They were selling it.
But 12-gig hard drive for $199,
that's still pretty cheap.
And, I mean, granted, those hard drives are replaceable,
and you can get a cheap hard drive,
so it might be an easy way to get in
if you want a PlayStation 3 system.
So there's that.
I mean, that might go through the holidays.
Well, that'll help out.
But, yeah, I mean, seriously,
I hope that that Mario game does really well for them.
I hope that Mario game and Zelda and stuff
really does sell systems for them,
because if it doesn't,
I don't know much more of what they can do.
I mean, Mario Kart will be good,
but they may be in the shitter for another year.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think they're just going to stop.
Nintendo themselves will not stop supporting Wii U.
No, I understand that.
You'll still see games
that people are going to want on that
for the next couple of years.
It's just, you know, it may not be the powerhouse
that the Wii was without all the other third-party support,
but, I mean, Nintendo will still make games for their own system
while they work on the successor.
And a lot of games are, you know,
Nintendo, people that buy Nintendo systems,
a lot of times buy it for Nintendo games.
So it's not a huge loss,
but it does affect, you know,
if you want to buy a system
or if you're contemplating buying another system,
like, let's consider it next-gen.
I still don't consider the Wii U next-gen
because of the, you know, hardware and stuff,
but let's, if you're considering a next-gen system
and you're looking at, okay,
all the games that are coming out that I want to play
and the, you know, Wii U is missing a lot of them,
you know, you just might not buy the system.
Yeah.
And by the way,
just because I say Nintendo working on a successor,
I don't mean like they're hurrying a successor,
but it's very common that the research and development
of these systems is years in advance.
PlayStation 5 is probably already being worked on
very, very, very slowly in its early planning stages,
but, you know.
If the roadmaps are meant, are to be believed,
you know, the one that leaked out for the, you know,
the Xbox system and the Kinect and the VR stuff,
Microsoft's working on some VR stuff, so.
Yeah, yeah.
We'll see.
Next year is apparently when that's supposed to come out.
We'll see.
All right, moving on, speaking of Microsoft,
apparently the, as Bobby likes to call them,
the Microsoft SpaceBucks, or the Microsoft points,
they're being phased out.
Now, we kind of knew that that was going to be happening
at some point.
I believe that came up during E3,
but it is actually now kind of dated
when that's all going to go down.
The Xbox Live Rewards will be doing away with these bonuses
as of August 1st, okay,
but the Xbox Live Rewards program will still be there in place.
Apparently, September 1st is when we'll have more information
on whatever the Xbox Live Rewards program turns into.
I think this is the program that gives you, like,
20 points on your birthday.
Like, ooh, Microsoft gave me a quarter.
Woo-hoo!
But in the Xbox Live beta, apparently some problems right now
in the new, you know, the new dashboard build is being previewed
that's going to roll out in the fall,
and I guess some problems there about some negative exchange rates
and some that are too favorable,
incorrect game title pricing in wrong regions and so forth,
but, you know, it is a beta,
so you can't exactly sit there and go,
Microsoft, you suck.
I mean, that's what you get when you sign up for a beta
is that things are going to screw up.
We can still say they suck,
but we just can't say that that sucks.
Yeah, I don't understand how they can't, like,
are you telling me that Microsoft is confused
on how their space bucks work?
I mean, granted, I know it's easy for the, you know,
North America and stuff where it's, like,
you know, 80 points equals a dollar,
but, like, you know, in other regions,
I'm sure it's X amount of points equals, you know, whatever.
With so much crap in the marketplace, though,
I'm sure it's a database conversion issue.
Like, it's one wrong little line of code that fucks everything up.
I'm sure it's something that simple.
It's got to be.
So, I don't know yet exactly when the points will move into dollars,
but it's going to be before probably this same September timeframe.
And the 20 points thing on your birthday.
I don't even think I got that.
Who even cares?
That is just so ridiculously stupid.
What can you buy with 20 points?
There was someone at, I think it was Flaco Jones who said,
you know, hey, I got 20 points on my birthday.
And I'm like, don't spend it all in one place.
How can you not spend it all in one place?
There's only 20 points.
Geez.
All right. Let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Let's see.
Well, you know how we've talked about the poor sales of the Wii U
are probably going to start affecting third party markets
as far as what gets developed for them.
Well, it looks like Ubisoft has come out and said
that they're not doing a sequel to Zombie U just for that reason.
That basically the Wii U hasn't sold enough
and the game itself, Zombie U, hasn't sold enough.
So even though they have a prototype of a sequel,
they are not going to pursue development.
There will be no Zombie U 2.
No Zombie The Edge, no Zombie Bono.
It's probably going to be called something else, be my guess.
And it's going to be Multiplatform because that's why they can't, they know.
And that's sad too because Zombie U is probably one of the most successful
third party games they had at launch.
I was really surprised by this news.
It was that bad.
Well, they've delayed Rayman Legends
for the reason of putting it on Multiplatform.
I think that's exactly what's going to happen with it.
Especially now that you have the next-gen consoles or whatever
going to have all the second screen support anyway,
you can still do all that stuff that they have in Zombie U.
Just do it with the second screen.
Or you can make a lot of that stuff optional.
So I think that they're going to have another zombie game,
but it just probably won't be called Zombie U.
Instead of calling it Zombie U, call it Zombie Them.
Zombie Me.
Zombie Us.
Zombie One.
I was surprised to hear that it was that bad,
but it also kind of shed some light on why they pulled the plug
on the Rayman thing so fast.
It's exactly the same reason.
Yeah.
I mean, because we didn't know this then,
and we were kind of like, Ubisoft's just being dicks.
You know, but I guess financially that's what it is.
I didn't say that.
Yeah, well.
Well, it's the one time that Mr. Negative over there,
Norman Negative, is right.
All right, anyhow.
What else we got?
Next up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I beat Raginator.
Huh?
To my really awful U2 joke.
You beat him with your shoe?
Zombie Bono.
So, you know, one of the things that PlayStation 4
was going to allow developers to do
is self-publish on the PlayStation Network.
And, you know, basically their thought is, you know,
we're going to treat every single individual developer
as a publisher as far as we're concerned.
And we don't separate, we don't segregate indies
from traditional publishers,
which I think is a fantastic thing.
I think it's awesome that you see these indie games
next to, you know, big budget games and stuff.
And I, honestly, it's kind of refreshing
compared to, like, the stuff that was happening
with the Xbox indie games,
where it's just like, yeah, we got the indie games,
but they're tucked away in a corner in a closet
underneath some clothes and stuff.
And you might be able to find them, you know, if you dig.
So I'm glad to see that they're actually doing that,
and hopefully it is a little bit easier
to publish on the PlayStation Network.
So, I mean, and so far, I know,
at least with the PlayStation 3,
I think it's been pretty easy for them,
and even PlayStation Vita, so that's just only good things.
And that kind of also carries on over to the Vita as well,
because, you know, the Vita could always use more games.
This indie thing has really been great for Sony, too.
I mean, that was one thing people were very excited about at E3,
was all their indie developers on the stage,
and kind of one of the places where PlayStation
kind of gave Microsoft a little kick in the butt, too,
because there's been a lot of negative about Microsoft.
Do you think that Microsoft might change some of their strategy
when it comes to Xbox One?
I think Microsoft's strategy with the Xbox One,
or not even really with the Xbox,
because now they're kind of treating all their platforms as one platform.
I think the problem is they know that people want to develop games
for the Xbox One, but they also know
they have a lack of application support on Windows 8.
So therein is going to be basically,
hey, develop games for the Windows 8 platform, and guess what?
Because we have that kernel running on,
or that version of the firmware or whatever,
however you're going to split it up,
we have that running on the Xbox One,
your games will be able to be ported over to the Xbox One very easily.
That's how they're going to win on both platforms,
because they want to sell those operating systems,
because that's where they're probably going to make a lot of money.
And at the same time, they also want to have stuff on their console,
I just think that that's what they're going to try to do,
is try to get people, almost like,
trick them into making games for the Microsoft platform, I guess.
Shadownextgen in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
you have to worry about whether PlayStation Network on PS4
will turn into the App Store, though.
That's a good point.
I mean, the App Store has a lot of crap on it,
like a lot of crap.
Like, how many fart apps do we need, right?
Flashlight apps, really?
Yeah, exactly.
I don't think it's going to happen that way, though,
because even right now with the way PlayStation Network's indie games are,
it's easier for them to get on,
but I don't think it's like, you know,
they can just throw games up there like you can on the indie store.
I don't know, it'll be interesting to see how they do it.
Do you think there will be some type of quality review process?
I think so.
Because the problem is you open it up too much,
and that's where you start getting all the IP theft stuff, too.
Like, we've heard about the stuff in the App Store
that was like literal ripoffs of games that existed other places.
I remember there was one, like a Pokmon app.
All it was was pictures of Pokmon,
but people legit thought it was like Nintendo's Pokmon on the App Store,
and people were downloading it like crazy and losing money on it.
I think that they'll probably have some sort of review process in there,
and, you know, they'll probably just, they have just a fun and happy medium.
I mean, you can't just make it super duper easy to put stuff on there.
I mean, look at, like, for example, the Ouya.
There's a perfect example of how you can self-publish on there,
but there's not a ton of stuff on there.
That store is a mess, too, I gotta say.
Okay, well, that store has been a mess since launch,
especially with their, like, fucked up, like, menus and stuff.
The way to navigate that is, it's not very well,
and, like, you know, you look at, like, all the different bars that feature things,
and, like, every single one of them has got the same games in it,
just in a different order.
It's like the Wii U store when it first launched,
or not too much different now.
Yeah, so it's just kind of weird,
but they do have it where you can easily publish stuff on there,
but I think it's just some sort of, you know, quality sorting and stuff,
and just, you know, better ways to search for what you're actually looking for.
Alright, well, you know, THQ had some problems last year,
and they went bankrupt, and, you know, a lot of their properties went to all these different places,
hence why, you know, we have Deep Silver doing Saints Row now, and so forth,
but Sega, apparently not happy with the way things went down,
because they filed a claim against THQ, and bankruptcy court, of course,
because THQ is bankrupt, for almost a million dollars,
just shy of that, about $941,000.
That apparently is the amount that THQ received in pre-orders,
after Valve's cut, for Company of Heroes 2.
Apparently, Eurogamer had also reported that about a half million was made
after THQ filed for bankruptcy,
so Sega wants to get that money back that came in from pre-orders for Company of Heroes 2.
Double Fine, Codemasters, and other former THQ executives
also looking for the money that they're supposed to be getting.
This doesn't mean any of them will get anything.
I imagine this is part of the process, filing the claim,
so you can ultimately later on claim it as a loss when it comes to tax season later on,
but it's interesting that this THQ drama still goes on.
By the way, the reason why Sega wants the money is because they got Relic, the developer,
and the Company of Heroes property,
they bought that for $26.6 million at the THQ asset auction.
So, that's what's going down. Sega wants their money.
They want to buy their building back from Zynga.
I wish.
You know, they say, if we had a million dollars, we could make Dreamcast 2.
If I had a million dollars, maybe Sonic 4 wouldn't suck.
You know, it's funny the difference between what a million dollars is to you ten years ago versus now.
Right. Anyhow.
Now I'm like, house! I can buy a house!
Well, did you know that video games can become professional sports, according to the US government?
I remember when we used to talk about when is DDR going to become a sport.
I know, right? Well, you know what made it?
It was in Finland or something, wasn't it?
I think. But you know what made it officially? League of Legends.
It has now been considered, and this is a quote coming from Riot Games,
esports manager Nick Allen, said the United States government recognizes League of Legends pro players as professional athletes
and awards visas to essentially work in the United States under that title.
So, yeah. It is officially an esports, and the pro players are e-thletes, as I'm calling them.
That's my new word, and you have to give credit to me. E-thlete.
I don't know if you're the first person I've heard that term from.
Well, you know what? I'm saying it, so whatever.
But this means that, yeah, you can actually apply for a visa if you're a professional e-thlete.
You know what this also means? We can just add this to the list of sports that I'm terrible at,
which is right up there with baseball and basketball and football, League of Legends.
There you go. That's why this is a sport because I'm terrible at it.
Do you suck at croquet?
Yes, actually I do.
You know, I cannot play croquet without singing Que Sera Sera to myself because of Heathers.
I'm pretty good at miniature golf.
So am I. My husband's really good at it.
Is that a sport? Is mini golf a sport?
It is officially in my universe.
Okay, well that's all I need.
Well, I've been talking about forming the island of awesome, and I think the national sport of the island of awesome should be mini golf.
I honestly think that they should make mini golf courses the size of actual golf courses and televise that shit,
because I want to see someone doing a drive off of a giant loop-de-loop and all sorts of crazy stuff.
It could be right there with dodgeball and League of Legends on the Ocho.
It's been eight. The Ocho.
Gamergirl in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
Then I guess this means Dota 2 is next?
You know, that's a good comment because, you know,
it brings this interesting area where you've got a game that's essentially owned by a company as a sport.
I mean, what about all the competitors that make similar games?
We're going to have Blizzard, All-Stars, Valve has Dota 2. Isn't there another one?
There's another one I'm not thinking of. There's another smaller one.
Because, you know, all those guys that contributed to the original Defense of the Ancients mod in Warcraft 3
all went their own separate ways, so you got all these games because of it.
Is Dota 2 going to be a sport? Or what happens next?
How do you guys feel about-
I still think we want pro DDR.
How do you guys feel about- but DDR's dead, yo. Haven't you got the memo?
No, it's not.
It's like the disco boys in Mystery Men. Eddie Izzard. DDR is life.
No, it's death.
After we're done playing.
Loki, what do you think about video games becoming sports?
It's kind of ridiculous to call it a sport.
I mean, just call it something else, but it's not like a sport.
Isn't that what gamers want?
I guess if you want to call chess a sport, then I guess we can call video games a sport.
But, I mean, I don't know. I always think of sports as something, like, active.
I mean, even chess is kind of like, ehhh.
You can sweat playing chess.
In a hot room.
I mean, I don't know.
Whatever. I mean, fine.
But, those people are- you're not going to see it in the fucking Olympics, okay?
It's just not going to happen.
And don't even try to, like, petition that shit.
Tiger Claw says it's called eSports.
It's like new sports.
Will we have the Olympics?
That'll be actually kind of cool.
For our eathletes.
Shouldn't it be Sports 2.0? Because, you know, the whole, like, Web 2.0 shit.
ActDeft.
I want Robot Jocks.
ActDeft in chat.
For reals.
ActDeft in chat says, how about stuff like EVO?
Well, that's all going on right now. Like, that's a huge Olympics type of thing.
That's only for fighting games.
But still, I mean, getting quite a bit of viewership and controversy of its own online.
So, we'll get into it later in the show.
So.
Man, I like EVO when there's, like, people that no one's ever heard of who just come in and kick ass.
Yeah.
Well, that's like any sport.
Yeah, but I really like it in Street Fighter because I've played a bunch of, you know, people who are really good.
And sometimes they can be dicks.
It's like Wimbledon. It always makes headlines.
I liked watching the video from, I think it was EVO last year, where they had I Wanna Be the Guy Guy Den.
Mm-hmm.
That's a good name.
That was awesome.
Infinel in our chatroom says, next, Mario and Sonic at the Olympics will be in eSports.
That's very meta. I like that idea.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right, moving on to release dates.
We're going to travel around the world and check out what games are coming out that could be a sport in a few years.
We'll see. Loki?
Well, I don't know about any of the games you're going to support this week.
But, because, like, for example, there's Turbo Super Stunt Squad, which is a game based on the-
Is it turbo-tastic?
Probably not.
It's based on that Dreamworks movie about the snail that somehow ingests NOS and so becomes, like, a super fast snail.
Because, you know, that's science right there.
Mm-hmm.
So, they have that coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Wii U, 3DS, and DS.
Also, this week, your ever yearly multi-release version of you versus a bunch of other feudal Japan warriors.
Dynasty Warriors 8 coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Also, this week, Time of Eternity on PlayStation 3.
Let's see, the Serious Sam collection being released on Xbox 360.
There's a bunch of Xbox Live arcade games that were on there.
I want to see. I think that might be it.
Am I missing something?
And that's it.
Let me move to Japan then and if Loki thinks-
Bye, Rob.
Bye.
Bye, I'm moving.
Alright, moving to the Japanese release dates.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 gets a price reduction on the PlayStation 3 on July 18th.
Shin Sangokumusou Online Z in regular edition and Treasure Box edition comes out on the 18th as well.
This is Dynasty Warriors Online, right?
That's what that is.
That's on the PlayStation 3.
Going to the Xbox 360.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 gets its reduction there too.
There's like a digital contents version and platinum collection.
Oh, I bet digital contents is just all the DLC.
Like the Saw's side story and all the stuff that came out for XIII-2.
There was a lot of DLC for XIII-2.
Okay.
So, yeah. You don't care about XIII-2?
I'm just like-
Pass.
I'm agreeing with you. I'm like, okay.
Okay.
Well, there's nothing to debate here, Darus Sakura.
These are the release dates.
And I'm just accepting them.
I've accepted them into my version of reality.
Alright, fine.
You will import them into Planet Sakura.
I am incorporating them into my own virtual consciousness.
Fair enough.
On the Wii U.
Yes, Sniper Elite V2 is out this week from Ubisoft in Japan.
Sniper Elite, that's a game that's out here?
Is that like one of the small Clancy games?
No, it's a World War II sniper game.
Nintendo 3DS sees a little bit this week.
Mario & Luigi RPG 4 Dream Adventure comes out this week from Nintendo.
Damball Senkai W. Cho Custom comes out this week from level 5.
There is a special Luigi Nintendo 3DS XL this week.
I don't know if it's like green or what the-
I gotta see what this is.
Is it a green?
I mean, it has to be, right?
Oh, it's like-
No, it's white.
But it has like little green silhouettes of Luigi all over it.
Green and teal and light green.
And barfy yellow.
Easter egg.
There is one of those that's actually a Mario.
Oh, really?
Yeah, you said it looked great.
That like snuck on there? Like a red one?
No, it's not red. It's green, but it's a Mario.
Look for the squat, Mario.
It must be on the-
I think it's on the back.
Yeah, it must be on the back because I don't see it in the little box art here.
I am surprised that DJ Rama S doesn't try and import one of these.
So, we'll see.
Maybe he will.
Also on the 3DS this week,
Shin Sekaiju no Miku Design Skins
Oh, those aren't even games. Those are just little skins for the 3DS.
Osahare Hamster 2 Korosau Ishoni Orakake comes out this week.
Do something together?
Play with adorable hamsters.
Oh my gosh, it's Hamster Sam.
Maybe it's just play together.
Oh my god, the box. This is adorable.
Why do we get games like this here?
They're on a sunflower.
The hamsters are sitting on a sunflower.
Wearing bows.
One is wearing a tiara.
And then you look at the game shots.
And they're playing in this cherry blossom field.
With a little hamster wheel.
And then there's one underwater here.
And then here's one with the hamsters. They're just chilling at the beach.
This little chief hamster there sitting in a lounge chair.
Just chilling at the beach.
That's not realistic at all.
First off, they were in the field of flowers.
They're not going to have Richard Gere's asshole as a level.
No, I understand that. I'm not saying that they do that.
They'd be running from owls level.
I'm just saying that they would just shove in their face full of food.
Because that's all hamsters do. Shove their face full of food.
And poop.
They throw their poop, actually.
Because they like to keep their cage clean.
So they huck it like footballs.
And they pee on you when they're nervous.
Yes.
Rama is pointing out that he's not interested in this 3DSXL because it's region locked.
Well, you know what? We need to find a way to un-region lock
Osahare hamster to Kuraso Isho ni Oda Kake.
Because, again, here's the game.
Yeah, I think it says let's play together.
Here's a game that we need in America.
Why don't we have this game in America?
And Nintendo's fascist state 3DS will not allow me to import this game.
This is a challenge to OLR listeners now.
If you have a hamster, I want you to put a bow on it and send me a picture.
But keep the hamster. Oh my god, don't harm the hamster.
Don't glue it to the hamsters head, you know, like, or what do they do?
Staple it to the hamsters.
Safety first.
And Scrooged. That movie is great.
But, like, I want to see, or you can Photoshop a tiara onto your hamster.
I want to see your glammed up hamsters.
Photoshop dark soccer's face.
Glampsters. Yes, that's it.
That's the game that we need, Rob.
Oh my god, is that a dream game?
OLR dream game, glampsters.
Glampsters.
Hold on, hold on.
Okay, yes.
There have been games by Activision.
There's actually, I believe, like a pet's hamsters with a Z in there.
And they have had games where it's pet's fashion where you actually do dress up.
It is not that cute.
But there's also a hamtaro game.
I don't, you know.
But not like little CG actual looking hamsters that are adorable, that wear bows and tiaras and go to the beach.
I want Photoshop of a hamster with a crown on a beach chair.
That's my challenge. I mean, I could do it myself, but I'm lazy.
We're just gonna, no. This is a whole president cat thing going on here.
Because who made this?
We need to start harassing them.
Nippon Columbia, yes. I want their Twitter harassed.
And we're gonna call this game Glamsters, is the US localization title.
And I want Glamsters in the, I don't even know what it translates to.
Who cares? It's Glamsters.
And I want Glamsters in the US.
Rob, the name is essentially playing with hamsters, or playing together with hamsters.
Glamsters.
Who made this? Nippon Columbia.
Can we, what's their Twitter?
O.L. Army, get to work. Bring me a Twitter.
Alright.
Where is Ikuma JP when we need him?
I know. I mean, I appreciate Ikuma JP every week he listens, but I really need him tonight.
Where is he?
Ikuma-san, find us this Twitter.
Alright. We need you.
Anyhow, let's move on to the UK.
Captain Planet.
While we plan our wishes to get Glamsters localized.
I wish I could move to the UK, then I could avoid the bullshit here.
Alright.
Sorry.
On the 14th, which is, what, today?
Isn't it now?
Mega Man Unlimited for PC.
On the 16th, Mamoru-kun Curse on PlayStation 3.
On the 18th, Plants vs. Zombies 2. It's about time.
And that wasn't me saying that. That's actually the title.
And guess what? I'm spent.
I'm surprised Mega Man Unlimited was listed on there. I think that's a fan game.
Yeah, I think it's a fan game. We're kind of surprised that's on there.
Well, it's on there so good for them.
Yeah. Got good reviews.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
Alright, so, yeah. Apparently, websites be getting hacked again.
So, Bohemia Interactive had their website hacked.
And you may remember them for the ARMA series.
And also, basically, they've had to reset all of the user's passwords.
As a precautionary measure.
They basically said that credit card information was not stored on the server.
And they weren't sure what was taken during the breach.
Or if anything.
But basically, all the stored passwords were encrypted.
And they're saying it's very unlikely anything can be done with the passwords.
But, you know, they reset them.
So, you got to make a new one anyways. There you go.
And Konami has also been hacked as well.
Konami's ID portal website had a large batch of unauthorized logins.
I guess during the month of June.
And basically saying that it's exposed some customer information.
And they recommend changing your passwords.
So, yeah.
And apparently also the information that may have been exposed.
Customer names, addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers, email addresses.
And that's it.
So, change of passwords.
Yeah.
Hackers gonna hack.
Yep.
I hope your password that you used on these websites was not the same that you used on your bank website.
Because that would have been a really bad idea.
That's why these things get hacked.
For people that use the same password everywhere.
Well, maybe you'll see Glamsters on the show floor at Tokyo Game Show.
Actually you won't because it's already out in Japan.
But we can still dream it will still show up at Tokyo Game Show.
Tokyo Game Show had its list of exhibitors announced this week.
When is Tokyo Game Show? October-ish?
Usually September.
September? Yeah, it is September.
The exhibitor list is out and Microsoft's on it.
Which is a bit of a surprise because the Xbox One.
Why are you laughing over there?
We got all these cool things to show you that we're not releasing this year because the Xbox One's not coming to your region because you're second tier.
Xbox One coming to the second tier country of Japan.
Sorry, I don't say that to be offensive but the reality is that since Japan didn't support the first Xbox.
Do they have cosplay at Tokyo Game Show?
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Good, someone can cosplay at Tumbleweed and maybe roll through the booth.
You're such an ass.
Microsoft's also going to be going to Gamescom if anyone's keeping track of that.
But yeah, it'll be interesting.
Also, folks at Tokyo Game Show.
Sony, Capcom, EA, Sega, Squeenix, Konami, Namco Bandai, Tecmo Koei, Bethesda.
All those folks are going to be at Tokyo Game Show.
Guess who's not there?
Because they're never there.
Nintendo. Nintendo will not be there.
But they never do Tokyo Game Show.
They usually do their own thing that same week.
Because they're Nintendo and that's what they do.
Alright, Brad from Pod Culture in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com with a comment on the hacking article saying it is Konami's own fault they were hacked.
Their code was up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.
Womp, womp, womp, womp.
You shouldn't use the same code in every game that you make.
There you go.
Actually it's different in Proteus.
Wasn't it like literally backwards?
It was backwards.
Silly.
Alright, well, speaking of games that the Konami code might work on, we're going to take a trip down memory lane.
It won't work on this game.
That code really did work in a lot of games.
Yeah, not this game because this week is not a Konami game.
But it is the classic game of the week.
DarkSakura is going to jump into her gaming vault or maybe she'll go to an expo and see a lot of classic games and find one that she thinks, hey, respect this game or get out of my planet.
Yeah.
Off my planet.
Get off my patch of land here.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Pinbot.
Ooh, good choice.
Yes.
And it's actually not the table.
It's the NES game that Rare developed.
Excellent choice.
Um, the game came out.
Crap, I didn't link the YouTube.
Yeah, Rob.
Sorry, it'll take me a minute to get the audio.
Got everybody.
I'm sorry for Rob.
Shut up.
I'm sorry for you.
I'm sorry for your face.
There we go.
Aw, epic Rare soundtrack.
Got it now.
Didn't have such good music.
Can we just listen to this for a minute?
Sure.
I don't want to hear you talk.
I just want to hear this.
You what?
Ah, sexy lady Pinbot.
I like her, uh, electro boots.
Alright, I suppose you can talk now.
Anyway, the game came out in North America in 1990 and it was a version of the same pinball
machine that Williams did in 1986.
The NES version actually has most of the stuff from the machine and graphically is pretty
darn accurate, I think.
Um, even down, I like how they even have like the Williams logo at the bottom and how they
did the scores where the normal price things are.
Um, so the point really is just to get points.
You start off with your marker set on Pluto and you have to go through the solar system
by hitting different targets and different checkpoint planets give you a special so you
get extra balls that way and when you reach the sun you get a super special so you get
another extra ball.
Um, you have the visor too which basically works exactly like it does in the arcade machine
and I'm sure, I really hope most of you have played the legit for reals pinball, I mean,
Pinbot before.
Um, but you have a 5x5 grid that has drop targets and once you've hit them the grid
lights, the visor opens and you can lock the balls there to start your multiball and in
this game it is a double multiball.
So, you can also relock balls while they're in multiball and get extra points.
So with this, um, basically the, to get such a long play field it actually crops it where
your flippers are and the top screen moves until it reconnects to wherever it would be
once they're joined.
Um, it has the ramps, it has everything.
It really is about the best.
I mean, other than now like on Pinmame or something it really is probably, uh, it was
the only good version of this game you could get at home apart from owning the table.
And, um, I mean I'll sit and play this sometimes too.
And one good thing about this too is that, um, it actually has, um, some of the synthesized
speech from the game.
Um, although it pauses the game to play the speech.
It has most of the music, the sound effects.
You can turn them on and off.
Um, your pause is on your second controller.
The first, um, can't because you use start and select as your nudge.
You know, make sure you don't tilt.
Um, a lot of people really, really liked it because it is a faithful rendition.
But there are people who did not like the enemies and hazards on the play field as they
were not in the original.
They did, um, Rare reused the game engine to do high speed which was also based off
of, uh, Steve Ritchie's High Speed.
Um, but it was published by, uh, Trade West.
But it used Rare's engine.
By the way, Steve Ritchie is a really cool guy.
He did the voices for Black Knight.
For, um, for, uh, No Fear.
And, uh, he's just a really cool dude.
I want to do voices on a pinball game.
Be fun.
Yeah.
Stop shaking the table.
Rob's game would be called Girl, Please.
Bitch, please.
Yeah.
But anyway, as far as other, um, pinball games that came out on the, uh, NES, there
was pinball, rollerball, rock and ball, and pinball quest.
Uh, I really think that pinbot is the brightest on the list.
Pinball quest is one of those games you kind of remember through rose colored glasses.
Like, oh man, pinball quest was awesome.
And then you go back and play it and you're like, God, it was, it had so many bugs and
issues though.
It was not good.
Pinbot is just solid.
It was a testament, I think, to, to rares, you know, early rare games.
Rollerball wasn't bad.
Rollerball wasn't bad at all.
Uh, you forgot the, the actual game called pinball from, uh, Nintendo.
Yeah, there was pinball.
But I still think that pinbot is the best of the bunch.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I agree.
You know, rollerball was also, uh, I thought there was one other I'm not thinking of.
I'll tell you what's funny.
The actual table for rollerball was the one that I, the first game I played when I got
to the expo.
Oh.
Yeah.
I didn't know it was a real table.
Yeah.
It's like, um.
Was it like four screens tall or something?
No.
Oh, maybe I'm thinking of a different game.
Or maybe it was roller games.
Roller games is one of them.
Yeah, I think you're, I think you're blending those.
Because I think rollerball on NES was like a four screen tall table.
Yeah, it was.
I was thinking of roller games.
Sorry.
Um, you know which one I always wish would get, uh, would have had a release like that?
It was hyperball.
The one where you have, like, the major multi balls and that's all you do is shoot, like,
pinballs all day and all night until you hit these little side targets.
Rollerball would have, uh, uh, hyperball would have been fun.
I think.
But digress.
Pinbot.
Classic.
It's, you can't go wrong with Pinbot.
Alright.
And if you have, anyone ever thinks to get a classic table, Pinbot makes a great start
and it makes really good for trading up later.
Alright, there it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Pinbot for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
One of my favorites.
A non-Sega game.
Oh, my stars and daughters.
You know what?
I do non-Sega games all the time.
I've done compile.
Non-Sega slash non-tomographic.
Non-tomographic game.
I've done Irem.
Alright, no, it was good times.
Uh, some folks in chat reminiscing about some of the portable pinball games that were really
good.
Uh, Fifth Dream says Pokemon Pinball owned.
Uh, Black Wolf says I enjoyed Metroid Prime Pinball in the DS.
Yeah, both were really good.
What was the game that was on the old, the original Game Boy?
Was it Revenge of the Gator?
Revenge of the Gator.
That one was fun.
Yeah, that was great.
Revenge of the Gator was great.
I would stay up all night playing that damn game.
I remember playing that in seventh grade.
Were you a Revenge of the Gator fan, Bradley?
No, I was thinking about something even earlier.
Oh, your mic cut out.
I don't know why.
Let me, yeah, just uh.
Oh yeah, it came off the end there.
Okay, I was thinking something even earlier than these games.
It was a, I don't know if it was based on any real pinball table, but there was a pinball
on, uh, on the Atari 2600, uh, like Midnight Magic or something like that.
Yeah.
I don't remember.
Atari had one of their own too.
Yeah, it was like a really basic sort of thing.
One of my favorite Commodore 64 games ever was Pinball Construction Set by ECA.
That's what EA used to be back in the day was ECA.
Pinball Construction Set was awesome.
Like you, it was literally build your own damn pinball table, but people would, you
know, uh, there was no internet really back then, but you could find, you would disc trade
with people and get their pinball tables and yeah, you could find some pretty epic stuff
out there.
Amazing.
So, uh, lots of props for Revenge of the Gator in our chat room.
Black Wolf says I loved it.
Rama says Revenge of the Gator was godly.
I knew Black Wolf would remember Pinball Construction Set.
I knew he would.
I knew he would.
There you go.
Good times.
Hmm.
You know, I was actually just thinking that it would be cool if, you know, cause you know,
like, uh, there's actually a pinball table for Rollercoaster Tycoon.
Um, it would be cool if they did like sim pin now, you know, where it's, you build your
pinball tables and then put them out on, um, on, uh, like, uh, some, you know, something
like steam, you know, you put your, you have the crater and you put your tables up for
other people to download and compare and rate.
Or how about just freaking pinball construction set, but like, you know.
And I think that the game you were thinking of was called, uh, David's Midnight Magic,
wasn't it?
No, there was a midnight magic for Atari 2600, but there was also a David's Midnight Magic.
See, here's the pinball construction set.
Let me see if there's actually music or if somebody talking in this clip here on YouTube,
but yeah, you can see that they're putting together their little pinball table and they
put a little ramps and all the stuff you use to build it.
So they're on the side and then if we actually see like a finished table here, it was David's
Midnight Magic.
There's also a Commodore 64 version, Rob.
Nice.
And, uh, it was on the Atari computers and the Atari 800.
I'm sorry.
The Atari 2600 version was just called Midnight Magic.
Hmm.
Very cool.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it for this part a of Orange Lawn Tradio, but don't go anywhere.
We've got more of Orange Lawn Tradio to come after the break.
Oh my God.
Crewball.
That was awful.
Crewball, apparently.
Uh, the mailbag, the Fugu Question of the Week, your phone calls, and some more stories,
including, yes, we're going to talk about that little controversy that went down between
Nintendo and Evo and, uh, speaking of Nintendo, a possible new franchise for them next year.
We'll talk all about that when we come back with more of Orange Lawn Tradio right after this.
Hi there.
My name is Elliot B, and you're participating with Orange Lawn Tradio, the show where every
gamer has a voice, and I want to use my voice to tell you that Donkey Kong Country 2 is
the best game ever released on the Super Nintendo.
It has musical apes fighting reptilian pirates.
What more could you ask for?
Boobs.
Welcome back to Orange Lawn Tradio, live with episode number 512, July the 14th of 2013.
Big thanks to Elliot there for the bumper, even though that's the second time you all
have heard it, because I don't have any new bumpers to play, so I think you guys need
to fix that.
For more information about sending a bumper to Orange Lawn Tradio, check out vognetwork.com
and the forums has all the information there in Orange Lawn Tradio.
Everything you need to know there.
Uh, I'm playing the, um, new Find Me games during the break because I streetpassed with
Bradley, who's sitting here in studio tonight, and I also streetpassed with Dark Sakura.
Now, one thing I noticed about this Warriors Way, which I'm still trying to figure this
game out, it's basically like you have troops, and the troops number is based on the number
of people you've had ever in your plaza.
Now, I streetpassed with a friend of mine that does some of the shadowcasting for movies
here locally, and he's like, dude, Rob, like, you gave me 700 people for my army in Warriors
Way, and I'm like, yeah, yeah, I've been to E3 and all this stuff.
You know, I've picked up quite a few people, and he's like, you helped me beat a level,
and I'm like, cool.
So I'm like, alright, I'm awesome, I have a big army.
Well, I just streetpassed here with Brad, who came into Warriors Way.
25,000 people?!
You've streetpassed with 25,000 people?!
That isn't, actually, that isn't the right, that's because, that's like the monarch,
that's what the person who's actually played the game,
Yeah.
come as a monarch.
Oh, wait, wait, you're not, okay, sorry, we're not hearing you for some reason.
No, it's my fault, I didn't mute you.
Sorry, Bradley.
Okay, so that's not exactly how many I've streetpassed.
I actually have a thousand, like, a little over a thousand streetpasses.
Still, that's a lot.
But the army is 25,000 because, as you play the game, you get more people into your army,
and then, and it'll show you the actual force.
I think it's, you come in as a monarch if you've actually been playing the game,
Yeah.
and then that's when you'll see something more than, like, a few hundred to a thousand.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
25,000, showing what my actual armory is right now.
But, your people weren't like, oh, I'm gonna join up, you tried to attack me or something,
I'm like, rude!
Yeah, so that's what happens if a monarch comes in, you have to,
Ugh.
you have to either let them go in peacefully or attack them.
Assert them.
Well,
Basically, crush your army.
I did not get 25,000 troops from Bradley, but I did get, like, 50 from Dark Sakura,
so that helped me.
That'll, that'll help a little bit.
What?
There we go.
Alright, um, moving on, we're going to get back into some gaming news here, starting
off with Loki.
Yes.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about, um, Crazy Taxi.
That's right.
Crazy Taxi.
Are we gonna make some crazy money?
Possibly.
And, Crazy Taxi has come to Android, and, um, yeah, it's out for, uh, five bucks.
It's basically like the, uh, IOS port.
They've got, uh, the two modes, original and arcade.
And I think some of the music's back, too, so, um, that's good.
I mean, I'm sure they don't have Pizza Hut and all that stuff in there, but, um, still
fun.
And I think it does support some controllers, so the first thing I'm gonna do with this
game is I'm gonna sideload it onto the Ouya to see if it works, so that's gonna be, uh,
mission number one, I guess.
Um, new Ratchet and Clank game was, uh, revealed this week into the Nexus.
That's gonna be, um, coming out at some undetermined point, I guess, holiday, uh, for thirty bucks,
and, um, on PlayStation 3.
So, look for it then.
And, uh, last but not least, uh, we have some more details about the PlayStation Plus version
of Drive Club.
Obviously, it will be missing a few things.
It's basically the exact same version as the full version, except it's missing a few
assets, such as, um, some of the cars or tracks that will be found in the full version.
Um, I guess the PlayStation Plus edition, I guess, will feature online multiplayer and
the single-player campaign, as well as some of the challenges.
Uh, you will be able to purchase missing content.
But press the R2 button to upgrade to the full version of Drive Club now.
I think it's not gonna be as expensive as buying the full version of Drive Club, but
still, I mean, if you wanna check it out, that's kind of a cool thing.
And you don't have to buy the full version of it.
I mean, like, for example, if someone like me just wants to play it, like, on a VoG gaming
night or something like that, I don't need to buy the full version.
You know, I can just play it as is.
So, it'll be cool to check out.
Yeah, I mean, I wasn't expecting...
To get a release game on the system's release for free, I mean, usually the PS Plus games
aren't, like, new stuff.
Like, it's usually a year old.
So, I'm not totally surprised by this, that it's basically a glorified demo.
But it sounds like it'll at least have, like, some multiplayer.
So, it'll give you a little something.
I mean, this is what we get now instead of a pack-in game, right?
A free download coupon.
Technically, you get a pack-in thing, but it's, you know, only if you have the camera.
Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah, the cam...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't have the camera, so I guess I'm screwed.
Because I was lucky enough to order a PlayStation 4 early, and I don't plan on changing that.
Anyway, moving on to other news.
Capcom had some layoffs this week.
That's always a bit disappointing.
One of the people affected, Christian Svensson, which is the Senior VP, excuse me,
of Planning and Business Development.
He apparently is departing the company.
Capcom said in a statement,
Capcom today laid off several employees from the US office as part of an overall organizational restructure of the company.
The transition to new generation of hardware and changing industry landscape have required us to adapt our business to best meet our new goals.
We sincerely thank each individual for their contributions and wish them well.
Well, this is never fun news to report.
Trying to kind of figure out the why behind this, though.
Is this because maybe expectations of Lost Planet 3 and so forth are kind of low?
It's because there's no more Mega Man?
It's all Mega Man's fault.
It's all Mega Man's fault.
All Mega Man.
It's all Mega Man's fault.
If they did Mega Man Legends 3, they wouldn't have this problem.
Now, now, no need to kick them while they're down.
Alright, Reggie Fils-Aime in a video on YouTube mentioned that Nintendo fans can pick up Pikmin 3 early at certain video game retailers.
July 20th and 21st, you can actually do like a hands-on demo at over 250 GameStop and EB Games locations.
They still have EB Games up and running different places?
A foreign company.
Oh, in Canada.
Yeah.
So the US and Canada will have Pikmin 3 experiences or whatever.
If you pre-order the downloadable version of the game at any GameStop store on either of those two days.
So you have to go get a download code at GameStop on one of those two days.
You will be able to get the full game one whole day early on August 3rd.
Or you can go to Kmart.
Who breaks street dates.
Or Toys R Us.
Or apparently Walmart is the new street date breaker because you know you can get them Twinkies at Walmart.
Yeah.
It's rogue Twinkies in the Walmart aisles.
Or just wait a day. It's Pikmin. It's not fucking Grand Theft Auto 5 or something.
Right?
I mean, that's what you got, you know, that...
I mean, think of the deal with the devil that you're making here.
I mean, you're like buying a digital download code at retail to play it one day early.
And they will make you sign a pact at GameStop that you will have to sign with blood.
Hey, let's give us your email. Hey, why don't you send it for the card, you know, so that we can...
Hey, you want to get our magazine?
You got Pikmin 2 to trade in?
Tristan told their magazine is actually pretty decent.
You got any other Wii U games you want to trade in?
Oh yeah, there aren't any Wii U games out there to trade in.
There are. They're just not worth anything.
Well, remember Nintendo's philosophy is make games that people want to keep.
To be fair, like the games I own, I don't want to trade in.
Maybe the Sonic Racing game. I guess that wasn't that great.
But I still like it enough.
Nothing is ever as good as Sonic R.
Alright.
Also, one more story about Super Street Fighter IV.
Apparently still going with updates.
There was a panel at Evo announcing Hyper Street Fighter IV with five new characters.
Four of them have been named.
Alina, Poison, Rolento, and Hugo.
Rolento!
Which are all based off of the fact that they were in Street Fighter X Tekken.
So I'm guessing that they'll be easy enough to bring over.
So those are the only four confirmed characters at the moment.
No word about the mystery fifth character.
Although not... It doesn't sound like it's Alex.
Alina's a fun one.
I guess there was a rumor going around that it was Alex, but it doesn't appear to be Alex.
So, um, interesting.
What is this all about here? $15 for the download.
Don't know what the date will be, but there will also be a disc-based version, which I'm assuming is everything, for $40.
Early 2014 is the tentative release.
You know, I'd like to see some of the EX characters make it into the new Street Fighter IV stuff.
It's pretty cool that this game is still going.
I mean, thanks to updates and DLC and all that.
You're shaking your head over there. You're a hater, Loki.
How many times have they re-released this game?
I mean, seriously, they've had...
How many times have they re-released Street Fighter II?
I understand that, but they had Street Fighter, Super Street, or they had Street Fighter IV.
Then they had Super Street Fighter IV.
Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition.
I'm talking all disc-based releases.
And now they're gonna have hyper Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition?
No.
You draw the lines.
Stop buying that game. Seriously.
It's done. Just make a new Street Fighter game.
Give me Capcom vs. SNK III.
I don't care what evil, satanic pacts have to be formed between those companies to get this to happen,
but I want that game.
Give it to me.
Alright, moving on. Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Anything? Dark Soccer? Hello?
I'm waiting for...
Sonic 4 is going to have its episodes on Ouya.
So I guess if you like crappy Sonic games and crappy systems, then you can play Sonic 4 on Ouya.
Also though, and this is good news, Sonic CD is going to be out on Ouya,
and it better freaking have the Japanese soundtrack.
They're just porting the... They're not even porting the game over.
I mean, it works with controller support already.
You can sideload that thing in there.
Because I have a Sonic CD, I got it with my Moga controller,
and I think it's siloed on my Ouya, actually.
I don't remember if I did that or not, but it works.
Osega of America saying that it's going to be soon.
That same soon that we always refer to.
Also, fans of Skullgirls can be happy that it's coming on PC on August 22nd.
Being put out by Lab Zero Games, and I know a lot of people are totally into Skullgirls.
They're also working on five new characters as DLC,
which is coming directly from their Indiegogo campaign.
They've actually exceeded their $150,000 goal.
They've made $828,768.
So, yay more Skullgirls.
And then, this one, I'm actually going to relink this one because it's on Capcom Unity.
But I wanted to talk about it.
The PS3 art for DuckTales Remastered, the box art, has been released,
and it's looking pretty darn good.
And I'm really looking forward to this.
There's also a link on here to the documentaries,
which talks about the game itself and the development.
So, I'm going to go ahead and actually relink this one in the chat room.
And if any people who are listening to the podcast want to look forward,
just go to Capcom Unity and look through their blog.
Yeah, they're actually going to do a physical retail release with pins in it.
Nice.
Yeah, I heard about that. It's a week later, though, which sucks.
But, it might still be worth it.
Rob, life is like a hurricane.
It blows?
No.
What?
The song? The theme song?
Rock you like a hurricane.
DuckTales, Rob, theme song.
I get it, I get it, I get it.
Just a little slow.
Geez, Rob.
By the way, though, I listened to the Japanese theme song for DuckTales.
It's kind of interesting.
It's a song by a lady.
Oh, time for the Fugu Question of the Week, right?
I didn't realize that was our last story.
G-Rob, you know, you got on me for being quiet, always pulling up everything.
And now you're doing it, too.
I was playing Mii Plaza games, it was very important.
Hot kettle, pot pot kettle.
Very, very important.
My butt.
Let's see.
Looking at chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Apparently, BlackWolf made a Vine of me playing Pimbot Ness, me meaning him,
while listening to OLR, but Vine decides not to accept the upload.
I guess this is why everybody ran away to Instagram.
Sad.
Have you guys played with the Instagram video at all?
No.
No.
Rob, Instagram is like, so three months ago, I swear.
Oh, Hipstagram.
Alright, here, I had to hear this.
I need to use a top-level digital camera out of irony.
Amazing.
Still catchy.
Some things transcend language barriers, and a catchy melody is one of those things.
Alright, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Maybe this little theme song here is a catchy melody for some of you out there.
It's my vehicle.
Every week, we go to our Facebook and Google Plus fan communities and ask a question,
and we read some of our favorite answers here live on air.
Or if we have enough time, which I guess we probably do tonight with the answers we were given,
we will read all the answers.
So this weekend, Dark Sakura and Bradley attended California Extreme,
which is a classic arcade game show in the Bay Area that is a celebration of pinball machines and classic game machines.
Is there a classic arcade or pinball machine that you've never played that you've always wanted to try?
If you can't think of one, is there one you remember from a long time ago that you really want to play again?
So we wanted to show some love to classic games in this week's FUGL question.
Retertainment says, there's what I call a classic arcade game that I've played that I'd like to play again, The Act.
This is an extremely rare arcade game that, according to Wikipedia, only one arcade has a working stand-up arcade copy of it.
It just so happens the one arcade with a stand-up copy of The Act is located near me.
It looks like I have something to do on Monday.
What is The Act? I don't even know that one.
The Act is a game. It's all hand-drawn animation.
It's basically about this guy who's in love with some girl.
It kind of, like, think of it as almost like a Dragon's Lair type game, but it's not really like that.
They built it for, like, iOS and Android and stuff, and it has a lot of contextual sensitive stuff in there.
But it looks pretty cool. It's all, you know, gorgeous and looks like it has a good story.
Let's see, Rababa responds on Google Plus and says, I've always wanted to try Hyperball, the ball-bearing gun rapid-fire pinball.
Jamie probably has, and I'm curious as to the general object of that game. Spell things? Shoot them faster than they drain?
I talked about it earlier. I just like shooting them really fast, just because it's fun.
And there's so many, it's like you can play with so many balls. You can paddle balls all day.
You just took all those balls all at once, didn't you guys?
And I beat them. I beat those balls with flippers.
With your flipper?
With my flippers.
That game is fucking loud, by the way.
Going to Facebook, which, by the way, I just want to point out over on Facebook right now,
we have 572 people that like us on Facebook, which is a nice, admirable number, but we're 572.
We need one more like, and then there'll be a huge Bamani and joke there.
Come on, people. One more like on Facebook. Somebody give it to us.
30K replied and said, Simpsons Pinball. There were actually two Simpsons Pinball machines with her.
Was it Simpsons Pinball Party, are you thinking?
There's an old one and a newer one, isn't there?
Simpsons Pinball Party we used to have at my house.
Yeah.
It's a pretty fun table.
Andy R. said, I was a bit young during the arcade boom, so I don't remember,
but if I can expand to non-classic arcade games, I really want to play ju-beat or, u-beat,
I always say that wrong, excuse me, u-beat or reflect-beat in an arcade.
I love rhythm games like Technica and I feel these games would be a lot more fun in the arcade than their iPad equivalents.
You'd be right.
Sadly, I no longer live near Round 1 or Sunnyvale Golf Land, so I guess I'll have to settle for the iPad.
Xtafer replied and said, Growing up, I loved plating side-scrolling games, I think he meant playing,
side-scrolling games in the arcade like Shinobi or Strider.
I also have fond memories of Golden Axe and Super Mario Brothers.
Which, actually that reminds me of something, Rob.
You know what game they also had there, speaking of side-scrolling?
Willow.
Oh.
That Willow arcade.
Amazing.
Sorry for the Facebook noises, they're not disabled on this computer and frickin' people are setting it off on purpose.
Alright, Thomas B. replies and says, Have you ever heard of the pinball machine Hercules?
Yes.
I believe it used 4-inch balls.
The machine was very large, I only played it a few times, but it was always fun to play.
Do you like big balls, Dark Soccer?
And I cannot lie.
It used a cue ball.
Oh, like in pool?
Yeah.
And they had one at the last classic gaming expo I went to, it was at California Extreme
two years ago, they also had that dressed up Captain Fantastic 2.
The big Elden John platform boots from Tommy.
But Hercules is actually, I'm short, I have a hard time playing that game because I can't
really...
You can't reach the balls?
No, I have to, it's like as wide out as my arms go.
It's like my wingspan, and hitting the flippers is difficult.
And it moves slowly.
Dark Tetsuya says, There was one I played years ago in Santa Cruz that I'd love to chance
to play again, Namco's Galaxian III.
Imagine a gigantic booth with six seats, two 50-inch monitors with a separate laser displayer
for each one, and six Star Wars-style flight controllers.
You fly along in your gunship, shooting at aliens as they fly in formation, while occasionally
dealing with a gigantic alien boss.
And it's up to you and your teammates to take them down before they deplete your ship's
life meter to zero.
Suffice to say, it's pretty epic.
Do you want to know something depressing?
At our Roseville Dave and Busters, right by the redemption area, there is this booth
for a different game, but that booth was once a Galaxian III booth.
It even has some of the decorating elements on it.
That used to be a Galaxian III.
Let's see.
Will M. replied and said, An arcade game I've never played and would love to.
Difficult to answer as I've played a massive amount due to traveling around, but I can
name one I'd love to play again.
The Ninja Warriors.
That widescreen was oh so damn awesome.
Chiggers says, I remember playing The Kiss Table when I was a kid.
I loved it.
Ragenator said, I never had the opportunity to play the arcade version of Killer Instinct,
which I regret.
In terms of stuff I want to play again, it's Samurai Shodown IV, Amakusa's Revenge.
Hitstun says, I want to play Data East's 1990 side-scrolling beat-em-up masterpiece,
Trio the Punch, Never Forget Me.
What it lacks in graphical power, responsive controls, or music changes, it makes up for
in being batshit insane.
Enemies include a giant bronze foot that stomps you, enemies that plant bombs that self-destruct
in fear of those same bombs, a giant statue of Karnov carried by four smaller Karnovs,
and Colonel Sanders with a head that explodes to reveal a purple bird that froze fried chicken
at you.
What?
Sounds a lot like Proteus.
The game's only console release is a Japanese PlayStation 2 exclusive.
He could have made that up and I'd never know the difference.
Codeman replied and said, I know this sounds like a generic answer, but I've always wanted
to play the Tron arcade game.
Which one?
That's true, there was Tron and Discs of Tron.
They had actually Tron and Discs of Tron next to each other.
Codeman, more reason for you to go to Disneyland, just saying.
And I know you have a little girl who soon will be old enough to appreciate Disneyland,
just saying.
If you take a child to Disneyland before they're five years old, they get him free.
There you go.
And a game called Time Pilot.
Time Pilot's fun.
That is, for what it's worth, that's on Xbox Live Arcade, and it plays pretty decently
with a 360 analog stick, just for what it's worth.
And it was in Game Room.
And lastly, Kane I Am says, not that I ever played it, but I really want the Elvira Mistress
of the Darkness table for my house, because boobies.
Excellent answer.
That is a great table too.
Which one, the Elvira Mistress or the Scared Stiff?
Elvira Mistress of the Dark.
Scared Stiff I think is a better table.
Okay, so I know you saw this, Dark Sakura, because Alan and I went out to a bar in San
Francisco after the Frank music concert on the 4th of July, or the night before the 4th
of July.
We went out in San Francisco, we went to this bar in the Castro called Moby Dick, and they
had pinball machines there.
And, like, literally, it was like Dark Sakura and Alan Alchemy, Pinball Paradise, because
they had a World Cup Soccer 94, and they had Elvira Scared Stiff.
Okay, I need to go there.
Yeah.
First of all-
And gays, and booze, and a pool table.
Like, five of my favorite things together.
That actually is like college for me.
Well, keep in mind, I worked in a pool hall.
I'm very certain that my boss, even though he was a major dick, was also, he did set
off the Gator a bit.
And, of course, there were also the three other guys that I used to hang out with.
Anyway, anyway, I've been a hag all my life, Rob, what are you talking about?
It's fine.
So, and then we had the World Cup Soccer there.
Across the street, at Solomon's, they had the Mistress of the Dark.
But did your pool hall let people play free if they weren't wearing pants?
Because this place did.
No, usually, if they weren't wearing pants, well, I don't know, I could wear a skirt,
then I wouldn't be wearing pants.
What if a guy comes in in a Utila kilt?
Does that count?
I didn't question the system, because nobody wants to see me up there playing it, so.
You know what, you should just have, like, sequined boxers.
And wear those.
How do you know I don't?
Alan, does Rob have sequined boxers?
The 1970s, you know, basketball shorts.
Like the ones that are, like, up to here.
They have, like, the teeny slit on the side.
Like your ass literally hangs out of them, yeah.
You need to go in Columbia shorts.
That's not sexy at all.
None of this is sexy.
Columbia shorts.
None of this is sexy.
Columbia shorts.
Alright.
That was all our answers.
Thank you guys at Facebook and Google Plus for answering the question.
Really appreciate it.
If you didn't get your question, or your answer read this week, sorry.
But try sending an email.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Let me quickly open that up to folks here in studio.
Is there an elusive game you haven't been able to play, or maybe something you played once long ago you're dying to play again?
Bradley?
I was thinking of, it was, when I played it a long time ago,
Galaxy Force 2, the actual arcade game that actually had a full rotating seat, or sit-down cabinet where you basically...
Sumo.
Yeah, but full rotating.
Like, could you actually go upside down and stuff?
Well, full rotating, 103.
Oh, yeah, 360.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I get it.
You're not rotating upside down.
You're just going left and right.
But that was pretty cool.
And then, like, the home version that was on the Saturn didn't really do it justice, I think.
Or maybe it was just a really janky game I didn't know until later.
Loki?
Well, I would have said the Galaxian 3, but someone already said that.
I would be willing to try the Silent Hill arcade game, because I still haven't played that, and I know that was something that they made a while ago.
So the Silent Hill arcade game would be fun.
And although it's not really an arcade game, I'd love to go back and play Battletech again as part of Virtual World.
Did Alan just text you?
Yes, he did, and he said no.
Alan!
Jamie, is there something that's been eluding you?
I would like to play a radiant silver gun again, because I've played an arcade version of that, and I loved Gun Survivor 2.
I think what I would actually like to play again as far as tables that I haven't seen in a little while is a black rose.
And I've been trying to get Dan to get us one.
I would love to have a black rose.
Because you shoot a cannon, and you're a pirate wench.
That's the best.
I honestly can't think of any games that I've never been able to play that I legit haven't played.
I just miss old arcades. That's what I want more than anything. I want an old school arcade again.
I guess my answer would be, I would really like to play F-Zero AX again in one of the sit-down cabinets.
That shit was pretty amazing, and I missed that an awful lot.
And we're not talking just the regular sit-down cabinets, we're talking the ones that rotate.
The ones that will almost flip you upside down, just shy of that. I missed that. That was epic.
So I would say maybe, yeah, I guess that's my answer. F-Zero AX. I'd like to play that again.
There was a pinball table that I hadn't played in a long time that I actually got to see at California Extreme the last two years.
A pinball table called Genie, which actually my dad had when I was young.
I think I know that one.
And sadly this year, one of the flippers or something was weak or broken. It worked, but not very well.
It was working a lot better last year. It was kind of a blast from the past because he sold it 20 years ago.
Let's see, Koopa Kid Jeremy is in our chat room saying about old arcades, I'm assuming.
I miss the smell. Not really. This was probably before. When I was a kid, California hadn't banned smoking pretty much everywhere yet.
So I seem to remember Sam's Town up Highway 50. Remember that place? It was so awesome.
I remember that place smelling like cheap pizza and cigarettes. That's what old arcades smelled like.
And Chuck E. Cheese. Well, Chuck E. Cheese didn't smell like cigarettes. They did ban smoking in there, I think, because kids.
But cheap pizza for sure at Chuck E. Cheese. Anyhow, let's see.
Code Man says, tell me about it. I don't even want to know what an arcade is anymore.
Well, God, I think there's somebody legit said in their answer, you know, I think I was kind of born after arcades were really a thing.
And that just made me like I had a sad for a minute. You know what? I'm going to offer up a description.
This was the Aladdin's castle in Mobile, Alabama. The day I went after my little brother had gotten hit by a car.
Oh, my. He was six. He's 30 now. No. Twenty seven right now.
So that, you know, dates it. The walls were half carpeted the same way they had been since the 70s.
This is yeah, this has to be like 1992, something like that. Ninety one.
The walls had brown carpet up to the side like a roller rink does. Old wallpaper.
Posters of games from the 80s. And the first thing that you saw when you walked in was a samurai showdown to on the 44 inch screen.
Big ass thing to the left would have been a hockey. I remember perfectly to the left would have been in your hockey table.
As you go back, you see narc. You see a four player Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
You see a street fighter to a hyper fighting edition.
You see, you know, in the far, far back or your pinballs, your Galaga, your Q.
Bert, we had a Q. Bert kicks. So you go in.
And the first thing that you hear is, first of all, you sort of smell the same type of smell that comes from Confunk.
You know, sweaty boys playing games, but you hear loud noises and you see bright neon.
And when you leave, if you don't have a headache and your ears aren't ringing a little bit, you haven't been there long enough.
You're doing it wrong. Yeah. Koopa Kid Jeremy, our buddy from the Koopa Club podcast in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
Chuck E. Cheese smells like pee. I don't remember. They do now. That's for sure.
I don't remember from when I was a kid, but maybe, you know, everything I remember.
I have this really early memory. You know, I don't remember a lot from when I was like before.
Like, you know, you don't remember a lot from before you're like five years old. I don't know about you guys.
But one thing I do remember is being, I think I was three years old at my sister's wedding,
because my sister would have been 19 or 20 at the time because there's a big age difference between us.
And we went to Chuck E. Cheese after one of the rehearsals, I think it was. Not after the wedding.
She didn't have the reception there. We went after Chuck E. Cheese after one of the rehearsals.
And I remember there was a room. Well, I remember two things. I remember playing Crystal Castles.
And in order to play the game, I had to stand up on one of those little, like, box things that they had for kids.
So I could sit up there and peer over the edge and move that little trackball around so I could move the little bear.
And I remember a room at Chuck E. Cheese that was nothing but a strobe light.
And you would, you would dance in front of the strobe light or whatever.
And like, it's like 80s technology, like strobe lights, like this new technology.
Now you can have a strobe light on your fucking phone.
Did yours have the Dayglo room?
It was black, black lights with drawings on the wall that would glow under the black light.
And at my Chuck E. Cheese, and this is like the old, old ass one that, like, I think burned down.
Yeah. But there were the hands and feet on the wall right above the door.
And you go through the door and you're in this little room that's Dayglo and then on the other side is the bathroom.
Wow.
But we had that too. We had the strobe room too. And then we had the room with the hippo lady.
Yes. I remember the hippo lady.
The party room with hippo lady.
All those.
Henrietta Hippo.
They still have all the animatronics. They just, they get scarier as you get older.
But anyway.
Yeah. We had the showbiz pizza at my place.
Yeah. One of them bought the other. Chuck E. Cheese bought showbiz at one point, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pizza Time Theater.
Were you from this area? Were you from the Bay Area?
No. I'm from South Carolina.
Oh, that's right. Okay.
You know who owned Pizza Time Theater, right?
Oh, at Nolan Bushnell.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then there was Bullwinkles. They had the water show.
Water sports?
They had a water show. They had a fountain, like, interactive. Like, it would just do this fountain show thing.
Like, a mid-tier version of what you would see, like, at the Bellagio or something like that.
Was that, like, the climax of the Great Muppet Caper? Did Miss Piggy come out on the fountain?
Sort of, I guess.
So it's Bullwinkles, you know? All the Bullwinkles characters.
Yeah. I remember the time when I always wanted to go to the mall because that's when they had the arcades there.
They had Aladdin's Castle and both of the malls that we had at the time.
Mm-hmm.
I was going there all the time.
No, no. I don't really want to go to malls at all.
God. When I was a kid, I was so obnoxious because whenever my parents were going on vacation, like, we literally, I was like, I was 10 or something.
We went to Hawaii. We went to Maui. We went to Hawaii. And I'm like, I want to go to an arcade.
I want to go to an arcade. I want to go to an arcade. Arcade.
So we went to some mall and, you know, because my mom liked to shop anyway.
So we went to the mall and they had an arcade and I got my way.
I fucking miss malls having arcades.
Yeah, I know.
True. Seriously.
Well, I miss, and actually, I'd have to say that even though I hated doing parties and stuff,
that was probably the most fun job I've had was working at the arcade.
Because, like, I could just hang around all day, you know, yeah, I had to, you know, do that, what, dust mop thing that you,
the mop with the motor, the vacuum motor thing that you just push around and go instead of actually a vacuum.
And, you know, and walk around and just get to chat games with people.
I worked at Aladdin's Castle when we had, when Tekken 3 just came out and we had just been purchased by Namco as well.
So we had shirts with Pac-Man on it. It was really cool.
And whatever the cyber station that was all Pac-Man branded themed and everything, that was really cool.
But working at the Aladdin's Castle was just a touch like working in an old 80s style arcade.
And I had a good time there.
I mean, I would come home with a migraine every night, but other than that, I had a great time working there.
Yeah, good memories about arcades. Good times.
And also that was figuring out the right place to knee the Street Fighter Alpha 2 where I could play for free.
You know, as far, was that like your first minimum wage job type of thing? Because like my first...
No.
No?
My first minimum wage job was working for a grocery store, which I probably quit a week later because they scheduled me during my classes.
Dope.
I don't actually count that as a for reals job because it was hell.
My first minimum wage job was not that bad.
But my second one was working in the game room at school.
Oh, okay.
And then after that, it was working at a cookie store where I lived on cookies for a year.
And then it was the arcade.
I worked at a place called, they don't exist anymore, it was Placer TV Video, which was a video rental store they used to rent.
I know of them.
Yeah, well, they were still around like in the mid 90s, like when everything was starting to shift to DVD.
And at that time, they were still renting NES games and like videotapes, but they didn't really get on the DVD bandwagon fast enough.
And that's kind of what killed them.
But we rented porn, like, because like that's and that's seriously why people would come to Placer TV because there was, you know, Hollywood Video didn't rent that stuff.
Blockbuster didn't rent that stuff. We had porn.
So that was kind of fun. Like my first minimum wage job, I get to like check out porn to people.
Did you have the red door?
No, it was just on the top shelf.
There was there was no laws prohibiting that stuff. People weren't so freaking like trying to be politically correct and protect everybody back then.
It was just kids can't reach that high.
My granny taking me to rent videos when I was in Dothan for a summer.
And by the way, the arcade we had in Dothan was Tilt.
Yeah, I remember Tilt.
But she just said, OK, pick whatever movie, make sure it's a good movie.
You know, I'd read Star Wars like fifty seven thousand times and actually return to the Jedi because that was my favorite movie.
And then I once rented this movie that I think the name was in another language, but it was pretty much Tiger Shark.
And it was one of those Jaws like movies, except with naked people.
And I watched it. I watched the whole movie.
And I'm like, my sister's my sister's with me and she's like, this movie's dirty.
I'm like, there's so much blood, blood orgy.
I loved being taken to go rent movies with people who hadn't who wouldn't read labels.
All right. Memory lane, memory lane. And we're not even back into gaming news. Sorry.
Let's get back into some gaming news, Loki.
All right. So there is a little bit of a controversy with the new Deus Ex game, The Fall, that came out on iOS platforms.
Apparently the game had a lockout for jailbroken devices.
Now, I guess the general thought is, well, your device is jailbroken, you're probably stealing the game.
That's not always true. People jailbreak devices to, you know, put their phone on a different carrier or something like that.
So there's that. So people that were legitimately buying the game allegedly were unable to fire the gun in the game.
Couldn't fire it. Nothing.
That's kind of a I mean, it's like one of the you hear about the clever anti piracy things like, you know, in what?
Batman, Arkham Asylum, like you couldn't jump far enough to get past certain parts of the game.
You know, I and I can applaud for a clever anti piracy thing.
But jailbreaking your device isn't piracy.
It's legal, actually.
I thought I thought then they come down and say that was illegal.
And I think it's gone back and forth a few times.
It's a mess. But I mean, people jailbreak exactly like you said, just because you jailbreak your device doesn't make you a pirate.
Yeah. And on top of that, though, you know, there is an app that you can get from the, you know, the homebrew store or whatever.
That basically you can patch it so that you can play the game.
It basically makes your device look like it's not jailbroken, even though it is.
Well, what they should have done is they should have put this out there on the piracy sites like the hours before they put it out on the official app store.
That's how you get the pirates is you got to put like the version of the game up on the piracy sites and then kind of like flood the the market, so to speak.
I mean, it'll get ratted out as a fake soon enough. But by that point, it's already kind of saturated.
Well, if you know, apparently, you know, people didn't like that. That was the case.
So they're going to patch it out later on. It says we we have not been clear in our communication because they didn't mention anything either.
That says that this work. They were trying to be discreet about being dicks.
But, you know, they made a huge mistake in that jailbreaking. Your phone doesn't make you a pirate.
Thanks, Square Enix. So we have not been clear in our communication earlier this week when we launched Deus Ex the fall.
We did not clearly say that the game world would not support or the game would not support jailbroken devices.
And we'll be switching this off via an update so that all support IS devices will be able to play the game in the near future.
So although at that point, nobody will want to anymore. Well, maybe the people that bought it.
All right. There was quite a bit of controversy this week and finally came to a head this weekend with the Evo tournament that's going on right now.
And where was this? Las Vegas, I think. And it's being streamed all around the Internet.
I think some people are watching it while they're listening to the show. It's finishing up right now, I believe.
And, of course, big controversy this week. Super Smash Brothers Melee was pulled from the live streaming schedule at one point.
Super Smash Brothers Melee was pulled from the weekend event in an update on shoryuken.com.
Evo co-founder Inkblot said, regrettably, we've just been informed by Nintendo of America that we do not have permission to broadcast Super Smash Brothers Melee for Evo 2013.
Well, now, this whole thing was a bit of a mess because in order to get the game featured in Evo in the first place, they had to do a charity fundraiser to raise the money.
Not for the tournament, but I think to get, like, the whole thing was, like, which fan communities can raise the most money for a good cause will feature those games in Evo.
That's the sense I get from this whole thing. And sure enough, the fans of Smash Brothers Melee raised $90,000.
Well, in comes big bad Nintendo to pull the plug on this, you know, to not have this happen.
But, thanks to the immense vocalness of the internet and trending topics on Twitter, Reddit, certainly a bit of a PR nightmare, and within hours Melee returned to be broadcast over the Evo 2013 tournament.
What's interesting, though, is that it did came out after that. So, it got reinstated. It was pulled, it was reinstated, but then it came out after that that co-founder Joey Quellar, I'm sorry if I'm saying that wrong, said about the Evo.
He's a co-founder of the Evo thing and an organizer. He said they were not only trying to shut down the stream, they were trying to shut down the event, the Smash portion of the event.
It's their IP. They can do what they want. They didn't present us with any options to keep it open.
But, of course, that obviously didn't happen. They ended up streaming it after all. This does seem like a real bad case of communication.
And kind of the PR department saying one thing and the legal department coming through and saying another.
Nintendo is incredibly protective of their IPs and so forth. It sounds like it wasn't really understood what was going on.
We already know there's some weird cloudiness with Nintendo's, you know, because of everything that happened with the Let's Play stuff not that long ago or anything like that either.
You know what? I couldn't be helped but reminded of this. And you guys are gonna think I'm crazy, but deal with it. You already do.
By the way, Evo, not E-V-O. It's evolution.
Oh, sorry. I thought I said E-V-O. Anyway, I thought of this. I was reminded of a couple years ago. Do you remember when Weird Al did that parody of Lady Gaga's Born This Way that was performed this way?
And he said that he couldn't put it out. He was gonna do it as like a single or whatever. He couldn't put it out because Lady Gaga said no.
Lady Gaga, he always gets permission from the artist, or at least always tries. But if the artist says no, he won't put it out and Lady Gaga said no.
And all these people started tweeting Lady Gaga like, you know, bitch, it's Weird Al. Let him do the song.
Well, turns out Lady Gaga comes out and says, I never heard the song. One of my people, like one of her legal people said no to it.
Even though that legal person in the response said Lady Gaga said no. But she had never heard it.
And it wasn't until the whole thing blew up on the internet. I couldn't help but be reminded of that because unfortunately, yes, I'm comparing Nintendo to Lady Gaga. Hear me out here.
But it's this whole big mess of he said, she said, right hand isn't talking to left hand. And this is the stuff that happens. And it did make Nintendo look stupid.
Like, you know, this is all for, well, it was done by charity for a good cause to bring positivity to an old Nintendo franchise.
It's a game tournament. Who gives a crap? I don't understand why they would have such an objection to it. The only thing I can think of is because it's being broadcast.
But I don't know. It's like, come on, you guys are trying this point. I think you want to salvage any sort of good faith you have with the community.
Since you kind of need them right now to buy your damn system, especially when the new Smash Brothers game comes out.
Maybe, I don't know, people see Smash Brothers that haven't really played the game while watching the EVO tournaments.
And they're like, hey, you know, that looks kind of fun. Maybe I should buy the new Wii U and buy the new Smash Brothers game when it comes out.
Or you could say, fuck you, you ain't going to watch it. You're not going to get to watch this because we're just going to be dicks about it.
And then, you know, now you're just pissed off a community and you're like, we're not buying your system or your game, so forget it.
But then they'll buy the game because, you know, they have to have it.
Tigerclaw said that he heard that Super Smash Brothers Melee had over 130,000 people watching the livestream during the game's finals earlier today.
It was the most watched fighting game in history, according to the co-founder of EVO.
Interesting, because the whole thing did kind of work out in the game. I mean, I think more people watched it because of this controversy.
I think a lot of people wouldn't have had an idea this was happening. I'm going to be honest. That's what happened.
And then, of course, we have our Smarties in chat saying Act F says, play this way. Rama says, stream this way.
Ooh, baby, there is no way. We will let you stream that game. You cannot stream that game, no.
No.
I tried.
All right. Anyway, well, glad they worked it out, but legal department and big companies need to figure, you know, realize that this is the world we live in.
It's yet another example of Nintendo does not understand the internet. This does not help their case.
What is it, a series of tubes?
Yes, right? Dark Sakura.
It's these wires and there's things on them and they do stuff.
How about a new IP, a new franchise coming from Nintendo. This was actually voiced by Miyamoto.
And God, I hate how this looks on my iPad. Basically, he let it slip that there is going to be a new franchise and he said this on the Japanese publication.
He didn't release any details, but he said that they were trying to get away from relying on their longstanding franchises, wanting to innovate and go a bit further with what was out there.
Thank you.
So maybe they finally understand how innovation works.
I'm glad that they're coming up with new IP, like the new IP that they launched the Wii system with.
Excite Truck needs a sequel, a good sequel. And I'm not talking about Excite Bots because that was crap.
You don't put mini games in the middle of a fucking race.
Yeah.
I shouldn't have to throw a pie at a clown while I'm racing a car.
I do that all the time. It's called going to Disneyland with Dan.
Or make a sandwich. Literally, there was make a sandwich during Burger Time Racers.
Don't get me wrong. It's a funny idea. I mean, in playing the game, you're just like, what the fuck? You know, this is silly, but it's just...
We need Wario's Wacky Races. Wouldn't that be crazy? Instead of a Mario Kart, do like a Wario Kart and have it be like just completely fucked up.
Well, this new Mario Kart 8, you're going upside down. Mario Kart 8 basically looks like F-Zero, which, like, it makes me happy.
Why can't we just have F-Zero?
It makes me really happy and really fucking irritated at the same time. Like, Nintendo, you're just like, you're fucking teasing me now. Stop it.
Nintendo, wrong.
I'm all for new IPs, though. You know, new IPs are fucking...
Build this wonderful engine for F-Zero and then we're like, eh, no one wants F-Zero.
Nobody wants F-Zero. Nobody wants that.
Alright, moving on. Loki.
Alright. So, Desura has actually been purchased up by, what was it, the Second Life company, Linden Labs.
And so, what's that mean? I have no fucking clue. Other than, you know, it's changed ownership.
I don't think it's really going to change anything as far as, you know, the distribution service goes.
So, yeah, it's interesting.
Maybe Second Life will become like PlayStation Home and you can launch games within Second Life.
Except with a lot more furry... No, actually, it is exactly like PlayStation Home.
It would be exactly like PlayStation Home. It would be very meta because, like, PlayStation Home was kind of inspired by Second Life.
But there are flying dicks in Second Life and not in PlayStation Home.
Well, there are dicks in PlayStation Home.
They're not flying, though.
Do they have rocket packs?
Alright. You can file this in, you know, I don't know if this is Rule 37 or what, but this is just the gaming community at work here.
There is a petition going around telling Microsoft, or I should say asking, demanding that Microsoft bring back the restrictive DRM policies that they had already rescinded due to outrage.
Yes, there are fans petitioning Microsoft to bring it back.
It's actually a petition posted on change.org.
I hate that site.
Why do you hate change.org?
Because you sign any petition on there and you get 50,000 spam emails from them.
And, yeah, I'm all good for signing petitions, but not on that site.
I will not sign a single one on that site.
Okay, so here's the petition.
This was to be the future of entertainment, a new wave of gaming where you could buy games digitally, then trade, share, or sell those digital licenses.
Essentially, it was Steam for Xbox, but consumers were uninformed and railed against it, rallied against it, I think they meant to say, and it was taken away because Sony took advantage of consumers' uncertainty.
We want this back. It can't be all or nothing. There must be a compromise.
Two, whoever, give us back the Xbox One we were promised at E3.
Sincerely, your name. They have hit 24,476 signatures.
Yeah, and a lot of those are just troll signatures, too, by the way, because they're like, yeah, we want them to do this.
But I'm sorry, once again, comparing the digital marketplace that Xbox One would have to Steam is just stupid.
And there's a perfect example of the difference right now with the Steam sale.
First off, you see a lot of discounts on Steam, and Steam is not the only place that you can get Steam games.
You can get Steam games or Steam DRM-enabled games on Amazon, on Green Man Gaming, a bunch of different websites out there have these games at different prices all the time, so there's competing marketplaces.
There are not competing marketplaces when Microsoft owns the marketplace.
That is the only marketplace. The price that they have it on there is the price that you're going to pay for it.
And on top of that, I think the whole reason was the whole game sharing thing, and we still don't know what the fucking details were on that.
This is what pisses me off about this, too. You don't know what the fuck you're complaining about.
You literally, and I say to all 24,000 of you, you literally do not know what the fuck you're complaining about.
They never said what the rules were.
I know this is a show where every gamer has a voice, and I welcome every opinion, but I can literally say this petition is ignorant.
Speaking of ignorant, and change.org, I have been informed that they no longer send out the emails.
Oh, okay, well that's good. Wow, you just fessed up to your own ignorance here on the show. It happens.
Well, it's because I ignored them for a while. I didn't care. Ignore ignorant. You know, same word. Same combination.
Humble Bundle, there's another perfect example of places you can get Steam games for dirt cheap.
I'm just saying that's the problem. Even comparing the PlayStation Network store or Xbox Live marketplace to Steam is just ridiculous,
because it's not an open platform as far as you're not going to have competing marketplaces out there.
It's not like the retail marketplace where everyone's competing with each other. You have one central marketplace.
You buy it their way, or you don't buy it at all. Origin.
Shadownextgen in our chat says, Skye, couldn't it be said that people originally didn't really know what they were complaining about?
By the way, no I haven't signed the petition, nor do I plan to. I appreciate the devil's advocate perspective.
I know you're an Xbox fan, and unlike some of these people, I do think you do know what you're talking about.
So let me humor this opinion here about, didn't we not originally know what we were complaining about?
No, we did. Xbox made it very clear about the restrictions that they were putting into place.
They have three pages in it.
Yeah, it was that whole official letter they put out there. It was very clear. There was no misinterpreting that.
You will have to check in once every 24 hours. You will only be able to trade and use games through authorized vendors and all this stuff.
That was in writing. And you can read between the lines and see that that meant that you would not be able to sell games yourself on eBay and so on and so on.
The problem is, what they didn't communicate was the positive to offset that negative.
Family sharing was this big cloud out there. Ten people in your house can play the games, but how? What are the terms?
Because there's literally people out there, and I bet you the people signing this petition think that it was share with people across the internet the full, unhinged, complete game.
Ten people playing it all at once. Now we can all pool in on our game sales. I don't think any of you think that listening to this, but I think there were people out there that really think that.
They thought that they could share games. Oh hey, I'm only going to have to pay $6 for this Xbox One game.
And nine of my other friends are going to chip in as well and we can all play this game. No, I'm sorry. That's not the way it works.
When in reality, it was probably like the GIMP to Drive Club thing, honestly.
And seriously, do you really think that Microsoft would legitimately put out a service like that? That they would stand to lose money on?
And they got beat by Sony. Sony took advantage of this. Yes, they did take advantage of this situation.
That's what business is.
That is business. And it's, to be fair, it's the exact flip of seven years ago when PlayStation embarrassed themselves at E3.
Anyhow, I wanted to read this comment to, where was it? Oh yes, this is very important.
From Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com. Official quote from anti-consumer Blackwolf, with his quotey fingers.
Fuck those fans. Thank you Bobby. We'll end on that note.
Alright, moving on to the Mailbag. It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
And if you were one of those people that signed that petition, I invite you to come at me bro.
Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com. In all seriousness, I could be respectful if you want to have a respectful discussion.
But you have to admit that the petition is a little silly at this point. Just let it be.
It's an online petition. I mean, come on.
You know what? Before the Mailbag, this is important. I would fully support. Fully support.
And I think this is what those people would want. So before you write your angry email, I'm gonna meet you halfway here.
I would be totally okay with this. With a physical disc license and a digital download license.
And if you want to buy your game on physical disc, then game sharing and all that stuff works the way you know it today.
And everything is just like, you know, like that shady PlayStation video and all that. Everything you know and love about games.
But a digital download license would give you something different. I think that's kind of the place gaming ought to go.
Is that if you download a game, you have the freedom to choose. You get these perks.
Your perk for buying the game digitally is you get it day one without having to leave your...
You could buy the game without pants. You won't have to leave your house.
And you can give that game to a friend in New York or something cross-country.
You know, it would have these different licenses. I am totally okay with that.
And I would be behind Xbox One 100% with that. I just don't think it's gonna happen.
And they can always come back. They said that later on they may implement some of the stuff that they got rid of.
Hopefully not all the bad things, but you know.
They could just be there trying to find a way to integrate something that won't scare people off.
But I can't support a petition that is like, switch it back to the way it was because everyone's stupid.
We don't like it. We want it this way. But Daddy, I want the kiss that lays the golden eggs.
Alright, let's see what our emailers want this week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Dark Soccer's gonna dive in head first and find the email she's gonna read now.
Dear OLR.
Looks like this is a bad nut.
Dear OLR, I just wanted to say, as always, that you have an awesome show.
I wanted to share with you a game I recently acquired on Steam. It's called Akaneiro Demon Hunters.
It plays a lot like Okami in the sense that you get shards for each demon you killed.
This is a storyline... learn to spell.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Straight. Not with an E, with an A. From Steam.
I'm not very good at descriptions, so I took this one from the official game site.
Akaneiro Demon Hunters transports you to a world realized in a striking visual style inspired by Japanese ink, water, and woodblock illustration.
We've dug deep into the history and folklore of Japan when designing our scenarios and characters.
Mixing this foundation with an original mythology inspired by Red Riding Hood has yielded a fantastic and inspiring setting for players to explore.
It was produced, I think, by Spicy Horse who was in charge of American movies Alice Madness Returns, which is another awesome game by the way.
Hope you guys can check it out. It's on Steam for $10 now.
The graphics are stunning and remind me a lot of Okami as it looks like drawings on the screen.
Hope you guys get to check it out sometime and as always happy gaming and thanks for letting every gamer have a voice. Sincerely, GG.
You're welcome.
Thank you. I might have to give it a try if I have money.
I like hearing about game reviews about games I haven't really heard a lot of, so thank you.
This comes from Rob-a-b-b-b-b.
Like Rob, I got caught up in the Steam Trading Cards thingy. It seems to be never ending.
Just for fun, I bought my missing Binding of Isaac cards. Then I converted them to a badge. Not only did that eat all the cards, I got a booster pack soon after with more Binding of Isaac cards.
One of the cards was a foil and so now I have a foil badge to collect.
The regular trading cards can power up my existing badge, so there's no reason for selling or trading cards unless they're duplicates.
I was using $5 of my own money plus selling my duplicates to obtain a full set. I still have almost $3 left over, pro tip.
Don't try buying the cards at the top of the queue on the marketplace. It will most likely be gone before you can complete your transaction.
I don't think the trading card system was running 2-5 July because I paid for hours and got no drops.
Lastly, the cards are worth zooming in on. The Fairy Solitaire cards are actually panoramas from the game. The artwork will probably look way better zoomed in.
That is very true. If you are getting those cards, take a minute to actually look at them because there is some really good artwork. Especially if it's a game you really do appreciate.
I know we probably don't have a lot of hardcore Fairy Solitaire fans out there. Well, except Dark Sakura.
I'm not really hardcore. I just play it when I get incredibly bored.
It is a good game, to be fair. What's the difference between Fairy Solitaire and old school Windows 3.1 Solitaire?
Well, because it's not exactly Solitaire. It's arranged out a little bit differently.
Yeah, it's a little special. But, anyhow. Yeah, the trading card thing is fun. And, thank you RaBaba for doing trading cards with me last week.
Bronnman sent an email that just said 573. So, maybe we hit our lives.
Did we hit it? Oh, maybe we did. Thank you, Rama. I'm looking now.
We have another email that I'm just going to go ahead and read it, but I'm not going to say the guy's full name.
So, my name is Jeff Gee, and I've worked at an ESPN affiliate radio station for three years.
I've played video games since I can remember. I'm interested in video games radio and would love to send in my resume and some clips of me on air.
Sorry, we're not hiring because we don't pay anything.
I didn't see this email, really.
If nothing comes of this email, I would still like to commend you for living the dream of talking about video games.
Thank you for your time, and I look forward to hearing back from you.
Well, bless your heart, sir.
If we could afford to pay, we would be paid.
Yeah, unfortunately, this is an all-volunteer organization, but I will throw this out there.
VOG is looking for more shows. Now, we're looking for established shows because we want to make sure that the people we recruit aren't going to throw in the towel after you.
I mean, look to the site's credit at Voice of Gee's network. We've had the same lineup for like a year.
The shows haven't left, which is a great testament.
Inevitably, some shows are going to throw in the towel eventually. That's just the way things go.
But we want to make sure that the shows we get are established shows that will go for a year or two if we're going to invest the promo and so forth in the shows.
If you do have a show that's interested in being on the network, get in touch with me directly, robatvognetwork.com.
I will say this, unfortunately, to this guy.
We're not really looking for video game shows right now because we have a bunch between Girls Gone Wow, Horde House, us, Bobby.
We're looking for some more general geekdom shows to diversify the palette a little bit.
But I could tell you comic book shows are right at the top of the list.
I would love a board game, card game, non-video game type show.
I would love, love, love a show that is larping live or playing a game live, one of those types of shows.
I would make a great cereal. So just throwing that out there.
If you have an established show along those lines, get in touch with me, robatvognetwork.com, and we'll see what we can do.
Otherwise, I invite this guy to just join, call our show some night.
If you're around on a Sunday night, give our show a call.
Yeah.
Let's talk, we'll be happy to talk video games with you.
And who knows?
For free.
And who knows, you know, you might find your niche in the geekdom market too.
You know, we might, there's sports geeks out there.
You said you worked for ESPN affiliates, so who knows?
We got sports geek talk as long as there's no wrestling because that would drive Bobby crazy.
Unless it's like 80s wrestling, how could that drive anybody crazy?
80s wrestling was the best.
Your theme song has to be Hulk Hogan's, I am a real American.
Cause you know, anyway.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week.
Every week here on the show, oh by the way, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com
If you would like to send in your mail, please, no resumes.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com
Here's the FUs of the week time.
FU to Bitchface.
She doesn't listen to the show.
Some people know who Bitchface is.
FU.
And also my hip.
And the stupid cough that I am now going on to week five.
Fuck.
Done.
Uh, Logie.
FU detention headaches.
I always get them.
And I have one now.
I'm going to follow that up with my own FU to headaches.
Cause I had a really bad one yesterday that pretty much ruined my day.
I will say that, but I guess shit happens.
Bradley, do you have any FUs you want to get off your chest?
FU to my back for hurting after California Extreme yesterday.
And then seriously fuck you to this uh,
Wingstomp employee said they wouldn't take my order cause it's getting late at 1030
when I ordered after 11, 11 like several times.
He said, we're really late.
And it basically went and just said fuck you to him right there.
Never saying that.
Cause I don't know if it was tone or just he set me off for some reason.
But that was kind of the stupid answer.
I don't know if there was something going on or they're closing earlier or something.
Don't you dare get between me and my wings.
It's like a crime.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, there it is.
Uh, FUs of the week.
Let's move on with a couple more news stories and then you guys can give us a call in a moment here.
Uh, Loki.
You may remember a time when Sony's uh, online network was hacked.
Pepperidge Farm remembers.
And uh, Sony they uh,
they basically got fined in the UK.
Uh, they had to pay a 250,000 pound fine.
And they were originally appealing it.
Now they decided they're going to withdraw that.
So after careful consideration we are withdrawing our appeal.
This decision reflects our commitment to protecting the confidentiality of our network security from disclosures in the course of proceedings.
And we continue to disagree with the decision on the merits.
So they're gonna, they disagree but they're gonna pay for it.
We don't like this but we'll do it anyway.
I'm wondering if they did appeal it that they would go, maybe there would be some sort of trial where like information would come out about how shoddy their protection was.
And they didn't want that so they decided to go ahead and pay the original settlement or something. I don't know, whatever.
Cool. Water in the bridge.
Alright. Although the entire gaming community have probably already forgotten about the hack. Never forget.
I shouldn't say the entire community but a big chunk of them.
Rageinator said how about a show that combines wrestling, bronies, and furries.
And I said that sounds like really bad porn.
Would that be Dogpile?
It will air at 3am on Tuesday morning.
Yes, we can have the wrestling, bronies, furries show.
It will air at 4am on No Day. Ever. In the never.
All joking aside, you know, as much as I say we're kind of full up on video game shows right now, I would love to see a Mega Man show. I don't know.
But anyway, Mega Man is a die hard community and the community makes a lot of great fan projects.
And one of them is on its way out, Mega Man Revolution.
It's been in development since 2002. It tries to recreate the magic of the NES games.
You can also, I guess, enable slow down and so forth.
A lot of early reaction. This game is too hard.
But also that it's a solid fan game.
So you can check that out. MegaManRevolution.com slash download.
It is a free download since this is a fan project.
I haven't seen Capcom trying to shut it down.
I guess that's good news. But it's on the internet now so you'll never shut it down.
So go enjoy that.
I suppose nothing wrong with keeping up the awareness of Mega Man.
Especially with he will be in the next Smash Brothers of course.
Inevitably, Capcom will dust him off and bring him out in another game.
It's gotta happen, right? Someday. Someday.
By the way, I did get sent a picture here.
We did get our 573rd like on Facebook.
Thank you.
I appreciate it. That doesn't mean to stop liking us on Facebook.
Because the next goal would be, what would it be? Probably like 5730?
No, it would be 1337.
Oh, okay. That's an admirable goal.
And of course, Mega Man Revolution, I would mention that there is also Mega Man Unlimited which was released today.
And you can download that at MegaPhilX.com.
Is that Phil like a dude named Phil or Phil like F-I-L-L?
Phil like a dude named Phil.
Alrighty. I guess that is about it for the show.
But we do want to take an opportunity to open up our skype line for you guys to have your say on anything we've talked about tonight.
Or maybe something we missed. 1877 Game O-L-R or a username on skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
All one word if you'd like to give us a call.
And we'll talk about whatever you'd like, within reason.
Let's get to some Twitter topics and last minute stories while we wait for those to come in.
Alright, so there's the Tekken Revolution. Remember the free to play Tekken game that's going to be coming out?
Well, they have a poll up right now for some new candidates, I guess, that are going to be added to the game.
Some of these were kind of B-roll characters that didn't even make it into certain games.
For example, there's one character that's a fish. A fish man. And all he can do is flop around.
Zombie bride, giant preen mantis, average run of the mill old man.
Yes, he's an old man who can't fight.
What about middle aged man?
And female Paul.
Let me get to the phones because the phones are ringing here.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's Jason.
Hey, Jason. How you doing?
Hi, Jason.
Can we go back to Nostalgia Land?
Of course we can. I love Nostalgia Land.
I was driving back from a friend's concert and you guys were going to the mailbag and I was just driving along the highway just going,
Yeah, right. I know. I want to build a house out of pixels in Nostalgia Land and live there.
A fort. I will have my pixel fort in Nostalgia Land.
What do you want to talk about in Nostalgia Land? What makes you nostalgic?
Prop cycle.
They have one.
Yes. Prop cycle is awesome.
They have one. Not in the prop cycle, Addams Family, but they had a prop cycle.
Believe it or not, some of our listeners don't know what prop cycle is, so please explain it.
Prop cycle was an exercise game. Essentially you sat on an exercise bike that had a two-handed flight stick and you could tilt it forward, pull it back, obviously turn right and left.
You couldn't just crank the pedals continuously because the game, I think it was basically like exertion prevention built into the game,
but you just pedaled persistently and flew around popping balloons and not crashing into things.
There you go. And it was just a lot of fun to play. It was so silly looking too.
It was so fun. Rio Rancho, my hometown, doesn't actually have a mall still to this day.
The mall that got closest to us, Cottonwood Mall, is just on the other side of the city limit border.
But when that was first built up, the movie theater downstairs had a very tiny little arcade.
It had a metal slug, I want to say, a Neo Geo multi-cab, and a couple of other typical things.
But upstairs, for the first couple of years of that mall's existence, there was a divided laser tag.
Excuse me. A divided laser tag, meaning that you can't cross any of the other person's territory, and it had Sega City.
And that was like, with the exception of the roller rink that we used to go to when I was younger, way the hell out in Albuquerque,
Sega City was like my personal arcade back in the day, and that's where I played Prop Cycle.
And it was one of those things where whenever we would go, I would play that.
And it was such a great game, and I always had such a fun time, but as that place declined,
the screen CRT and the general death of that kind of thing just kind of slowly but surely started to whitewash
and fall off and burn in before the entire place just got taken out to pasture.
But it was a great game. I've literally never seen that in any other arcade to my mind, to my memory.
Don't they have these weird hacks for Prop Cycle, where they hook up Prop Cycle to other games?
Like, wouldn't there even be a pinball game that ran off Prop Cycle?
As a matter of fact, my friends out here in Colorado, before I moved out here, hooked up a Poppin' Music of some sort
to the Prop Cycle TV, and they dubbed it Propin' Music.
That's awesome.
I unfortunately wasn't up here for the occasion, but I saw pictures and it was definitely amazing.
Good times.
There's one game, so I've never known the name of this game.
My brain does really weird things when specific details of things go away, and I wonder if you guys know this arcade game.
I seem to remember it in the roller skating rink that I used to go to as a kid.
Basically, what it boils down to is you're a character that runs around a roller coaster collecting cherries,
and you have to dodge the roller coaster.
I've never been able to find the actual cars on the roller coaster.
I've never been able to find this game.
Is that Mr. Do's Wild Ride?
Mr. Do's Wild Ride.
Sounds like it. If you're collecting cherries, it's Mr. Do.
Come on, Wikipedia. Give me a screenshot and not just the box art.
This is the thing that I kind of run into is that the image is ridiculously small.
I seem to remember it being very, very circular with ladders that connect you to the different portions.
Yep, that's Mr. Do's Wild Ride.
I'm almost positive.
Go to Google.
Check it out on Google. Do a Google search.
Wow, okay, okay. Yeah, this starts a scene.
It's so weird because my brain, filling in the gaps now that I actually have game screenshots,
this kind of seems to make sense, but my brain remembers this game looking a little bit better, I guess.
A little bit newer than this actually is.
The resolution on old games is going to be itty bitty.
Oh, of course.
Yeah, so I think that's part of it.
It's all about raster.
Yeah.
The detail of this thing just seems...
What I remember and what this looks like is entirely different.
I want a classic arcade Smash Brothers game, like with Mr. Do in there.
That also might be the platform you're looking at.
I don't know if that screen is an actual arcade shot that you're looking at,
but there was also a Commodore 64 version, so you might be seeing a different version of it.
Oh, wow.
I'm looking at Rob's image search.
There's all these screen captures, and then there's a really badly drawn cock.
It says you mad on it.
What does that have to do with Mr. Do's wild ride? I don't know.
Thank you, Google Images.
Thank you, Google Images.
That's what I get for turning safe search off.
No one wants to search safe. Come on.
You can't have your search for a cock in a fair game.
Well, I'm glad we got to play Identify the Classic Arcade Game.
I've been meaning to ask somebody about this for literally years.
Dropping back into Nostalgia Land actually reminded me of it.
Maybe Jamie can help me with this one, because she's a big Namco girl.
They did a re-release of Pac-Man in some type of anniversary set that not only had Pac-Man,
but it had Dig Dug 2, and it might have had one other game.
I don't know if it was a tenth anniversary or a fifteenth anniversary.
There was some type of anniversary collection that had these games in it,
and they were like up-rezzed. Not like Pac-Mania or anything like that.
It was Pac-Man with some subtle differences, but it had Dig Dug in it too,
and I really want to play that again.
It was like a choose-your-game.
Yes, it was a choose-your-game, and you could play either Pac-Man or Dig Dug.
I want to say they have one at the Roseville Dave and Busters.
Really?
I want to say. I know I've seen one.
I just want to know where I can get the meme wrong. Let's be real.
Anywhere, probably.
Well, I want to know what it's called so I can get it.
I think it is one of the anniversary editions.
I don't remember the name, but I know I've seen one, and I know I've played one.
Okay, I'll have to do some Google-Fu on that because I was thinking of that game earlier.
Anyhow, it was a nice trip down nostalgia lane, Jason.
It was. It was a great 20 minutes. A good way to kill my drive.
No problem. That's what I appreciate about this show.
It's a great way to kill a long commuter drive.
I'm going to get to see you in a couple weeks, yes?
Perhaps. Not in Sacramento, I don't think.
I'm surprisingly busy considering how long I'm going to be out in the Bay Area,
but yes, I am definitely there for the upcoming con at the start of next month.
Yes, I know you'll be, even if you're not going to GamerX, you'll be in the area,
and I'll be able to meet up with you there, which gives me another opportunity to promote
the little panel dealy going on Saturday at GamerX in San Francisco, August 3rd?
I think it is the date. It's that Saturday.
And I am doing a panel with my buddies from Koopa Club and Game Bar and Game Buoy,
and I know I'm leaving somebody else out, so I apologize in advance,
but all us guys are getting together doing a podcast cross zone panel,
and we're just going to be talking about podcasting, our show is kind of how we got into it,
and trying to enable more people to get their voices heard, so it'll be fun.
Yes.
We'll have a gay old time.
It'll be a good time.
Yeah, gay meaning happy.
You left.
All right.
Oh, excuse me. Wow.
You need to take me to that place in Castro you were talking about earlier, too.
Which place? Hot Cookie?
Um, no.
Oh, Moby Dick.
The bar with the pinball bar.
So it's literally going to become that song that's,
you, I'm going to take you to a gay bar.
And I'm choking, so have a good night, guys.
All right. Bye, Jason.
Thank you for mentioning Hot Cookie, because now I want to go there.
All right. Let's go to another call on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Azurmay.
Azurmay. Hey, what's on your mind, buddy?
I was just talking to one of my friends about the show,
and he actually came up and brought up the whole looking for a new show,
and we kind of do a show.
But it's kind of based off of, like, Japanese culture
and, like, how Japanese culture affects American culture
with a little bit of, like, learning a little bits of Japanese.
We do things through Facebook and Adobe Connect.
Interesting.
But I was just throwing that, like, out there.
Maybe, like, the chat would be able to see, like,
if that's something they were interested in listening to.
Well, Pimp, your show, I'm all about support and indie shows.
Tell us where we can find it.
Okay, well, the name of the actual show is, like,
Learning Japanese Through Music.
And we kind of try to...
You can look on Facebook at facebook.com slash groups,
Japanese Through Anime,
and you can probably see the page there.
You can actually add.
We have, like, Thursday nights.
We have, like, a three-hour...
Like, it basically starts out with two hours of, like, a song,
and then after, like, the last hour is like a karaoke
where we get a chance to sing the song,
but we break down the song and kind of, like, practice Japanese.
Like, last week, the...
I don't know if anybody follows the new anime
Shingeki no Kyojin or Attack on Titan.
That show is crazy.
Yeah, well, we broke down the show,
and, like, in... Not the show, I'm sorry.
We broke down the song into, like, different parts
and translated it, and then at the end of the show,
we kind of, like, all sing, like, on Adobe Connect.
And, you know, we also have a meetup that we also...
Some of the local people kind of speak, you know,
we meet up in person and kind of sing at, like, karaoke bars, but...
I don't know why, but I love the idea
that your show ends with karaoke.
Like, I don't know a lot of shows that do that.
Like, maybe we need to do that here at OLR.
We end every night with a rousing rendition of
So Long, Farewell, Avita's Ain't Good Night.
I second the no.
Damn it.
I'm branching out and doing my own show.
You know, the lag kind of, like, throws people off.
It does give you a chance to learn a little bit more
about the anime or the Japanese pop band
that you're probably interested in,
and maybe a little few words of Japanese, too, but...
Well, we do have a show about anime on the network
called Anime Jam Session, which is a good time,
but it sounds like you have a different approach
to the way you do it.
It sounds like a lot of fun.
I will have to check that out.
That sounds fun.
Shoot me an email, robatvognetwork.com,
and we'll chat a little more.
Cool.
Well, other than that, that's pretty much it.
You guys still playing Final Fantasy XIV, right?
Ready for phase four?
I have been playing the shit out of that beta.
I don't know a better way to put it.
I literally, I told myself this weekend,
I'm not going to play it.
I'm done.
I'm just, I'm going to wait for the,
I don't want my character to get erased,
and then I'm sitting there and I'm leveling.
I think I got to level 25,
and I was doing the Totama dungeon this morning,
which is like, I mean, there's only one other dungeon
in the beta after that, and I just,
I'm not going to be able to have enough time to get to that,
but I, yeah, I've been playing the shit out of that beta.
It's a lot of fun.
That's cool.
Okay, great, because, like, I was wondering
if you guys had, like, a little group on here
that might be doing some sort of, like,
free company LOR.
We will.
We don't have a link shell yet.
I actually made one for,
I did?
Yes, but link shells are really just chat channels.
The free companies are really the, like, guilds,
a la WoW or whatever.
There will absolutely be something like that.
At least Horde House is going to lead one somewhere.
I will have more information on that
when we know the full server list.
Right now we're on Behemoth,
but that could change for phase four,
but we're going to commit to something soonish here.
We just want to figure out where our frenzies are going to be
and try to pick the best server.
Cool, cool, okay.
All right, so I'll just continue to just chime in
on the network and find out more.
We will whore the shit out of it here on OLR
once the game's out.
Awesome.
All right, guys.
All right.
Well, you take care, buddy.
Good luck with your show.
Adobe Connect.
I have not heard, you know, Adobe Connect,
I know because during my day job,
I'm a corporate trainer,
so I've used Adobe Connect in meetings of that sort,
but I've never heard of doing a podcast through Adobe Connect,
but I'm thinking about it going,
well, it makes sense.
It would work.
Why not, right?
It's very similar to Google Hangout in many ways.
Yeah, besides the payments,
unfortunately it's kind of expensive,
like $80 a month,
and you get a chance to utilize some of the tools
like talking through a chat menu,
controlling the desktop,
and even passing the microphone or the camera
to someone else in the chat.
It's a little bit more interactive.
I think that maybe if we moved to something like this
we'd probably be dying, you know, so.
Good times.
All right, buddy.
Well, thanks for the call.
Good luck with your show,
and we'll talk to you again here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks.
All right, later.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
I just got a tweet.
I love the interactiveness of the show.
I just got a tweet from Gaming Nerd
who goes by GNVersion2 on Twitter
that says Namco Classic Collection Volume 2
is a collection featuring Pac-Man, Dig Dug, and Rally X,
I think that was, yes, the other game,
in both original and arrangement versions.
Hold on, I'm Googling this right now
to see if it's what I remember.
Somebody help me fill time while I ask for more calls.
I probably have that at home, you know,
that Namco collection.
Well, I mean, the ones that they released at home,
but yeah, I think I do remember that one
because that was it, that was it.
Yes, this is it.
This is totally what I was thinking of.
You win a cookie.
I don't know how to,
I'm gonna shove a cookie through Twitter,
and I hope it made it in one piece.
That is exactly the game I was thinking of.
That person probably already has
lots of cookies on their computer.
Probably.
Yes, that is exactly the game I was thinking of.
I'm looking at these screenshots.
I remember this whole little one
with like Pac-Man and the temple
and with the little jumps.
Yep, you, sir, are win.
Thank you.
And next, hook me up with a link for a ROM.
All right.
Love the interactiveness here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to the tweets.
That was on my personal Twitter,
but you know what?
Sometimes I'm gonna bring up personal stuff on the show
because I had to know what game that was.
Let's go to tweets that went to the OLR account,
and then, Loki, I'll go over to you
for some more last-minute stories.
Again, 1877 game OLR or username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to get in on the show.
Sj100matt sent us a tweet that says,
there's a Kickstarter to help open the largest pinball museum
in Southern California, too.
You know I got a text message on this.
They were at Cosigami Expo.
Melody sent me a text on this,
and I think we might have an interview with them
in the coming weeks.
I don't want to promise, but that might actually happen.
But you can check that out.
They're called Museum of Pinball on Twitter.
They've only raised 15,000 out of 150,000,
but they've got 24 days to go, so they might make it.
But that's pretty awesome.
I hope they do it.
They're going to build a huge museum of pinball.
Isn't there already a museum in the Bay Area?
There's also one in Las Vegas.
Yeah?
In fact, I've been to the one in Las Vegas
before they moved to their newer location,
and the one in Las Vegas has a pinball circus
and all kinds of machines you just don't see anywhere.
All right, some other tweets here.
DJ Rama sent us a link about,
Xbox One gets booed out of Evo while demoing Killer Instinct.
Ouch.
This doesn't sound good.
I'm trying to bring up the story right now.
I don't know if the booing is just sensationalism or what,
but let's see.
Apparently, fucking ads.
I'm having a hard time bringing this up on my phone.
Let's see.
The Double Helix and Mad Catz guys were at Evo
to pimp fight stick accessories and Killer Instinct,
which, of course, was originally shown at E3,
and a lot of hostility, I guess, shown at the event,
even though the gameplay for Killer Instinct looked pretty good,
and there's a video on there.
But then it says the crowd was moderately accepting of Killer Instinct,
but the fact that they were booing the Xbox One at such a core event
like Evo 2013 speaks volumes about what gamers actually feel about the console.
These weren't casuals.
These weren't grandpas and grandmas buying consoles for Little Timmy.
These are the Big Timmies.
Hmm.
The story from Cinnamablend.com.
So it just sounds like a few angry mobsters.
I don't know how much I...
I don't know.
It sounds like there were just a few angry gaming nerds there,
and, you know, they unfortunately got picked up by the media.
Ooh, I heard about this.
Sj100mad is also sending us this tweet.
Even I'm excited about this, and this says a lot.
NHL 14, you know, hockey, is going to have an NHL 94 mode,
which is like one of the best games ever, right?
Complete with original sound effects, controls, and visuals.
Amazing.
You know what's sad is that's totally going to sell tons of copies of that game,
because NHL 94 is like one of the best sports games ever.
Now, before I give you all those concessions, Sj100mad,
I'm going to say this.
NHL 94 is no Blades of Steel, but it's still pretty cool.
I know a lot of people disagree with me there.
AJ Twist wanted to alert us to the Ultra Street Fighter IV game as well.
ActDeft is tweeting us about Mane6, who created Fighting is Magic,
is posting progress on their new game.
Didn't they have to do something where they took the license out of it,
and now it's like a different type of game?
So I'm trying to scan through the update here real quick.
Did they just change the horses, basically?
Maybe.
Magical horse fighting game or something now?
Well, it's some behind-the-scenes look at Mane6.com.
You can check that out there.
It's a little bit technical.
I was hoping we could see a little more in-game or whatever,
but you can at least see the work that goes into drawing these things.
I guess why it is such a big deal when you have to go back and change the characters.
I'm sure ActDeft had something else he wants me to mention on that.
He'll yell it in chat real quick.
But while I'm waiting for that, I will mention TigerClaw's tweet here
that says Valve introduces Pipeline,
a program for teens seeking careers in the game industry.
That's pretty cool.
I'm trying to read more about this here.
I get it. Valve, Pipeline. Get it? Get it?
Pipeline is a program for teens seeking careers in the game industry.
I get it. Get it?
Pipeline is an experiment to see if we can take a group of high school students
with minimal work experience and train them in the skills and methods
necessary to be successful at a company like Valve.
There's nothing there yet besides a video and an FAQ,
but hopefully that's going to change in the near future,
especially as we get into the new school year, right?
Here we will teach them to make two highly critical games
and then delay the third one forever,
thus building infinite anticipation for said sequel.
Yes, these high schoolers will be working on Half-Life 3.
The next Half-Life 3.
Rama in chat helping to clear up about the Fighting is Magic new game.
Lauren Faust is creating new characters for the game
on the Skullgirls engine that they got for free after the Kickstarter.
Now I remember that. That's right.
Even though they couldn't use those characters,
the creator was going to make new characters,
and then the folks behind Skullgirls were really into it.
They're apparently bronies over there at Skullgirls.
So that's pretty cool.
Congrats to all you fans who are going to be in that game.
I'm sure you guys will be excited about that.
One last call for calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I'll check in with Loki one more time
and see if there's any other last minute stories or what have you.
I have nothing.
Nothing? Yeah, that's it for tweets too.
We running out of show?
Must be time to stick a nail in it.
All right. I guess we're done.
The Skype line's not ringing.
It's over.
Sorry to those that didn't get through.
But, well, I guess maybe I missed you when I was on another call.
I don't know.
But you can always email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.
Or Skype could just be working like Skype.
Yeah, that's true.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Jason in our chat room is piping up saying,
Pipeline isn't going to teach them to make games.
It's going to teach them to make hats, cards, and other trinkets.
You know, this is becoming a more and more popular thing in high schools
to take a more trade school approach.
And I honestly, you know, from somebody who just,
I've been open about this on the show before.
I didn't finish college.
And the reason why is because the industry I was studying at the time
was radio and television.
And after interning at, I almost said what network it was
and I really shouldn't.
But interning at a TV station and doing all this, you know,
stuff in the past, I just felt like I wasn't really going to be happy
in that, doing that stuff.
So, this show is kind of a byproduct of what I did get out of college,
which I'm very thankful for.
But otherwise, I went into the working world and just worked my way up,
you know.
And I think being able to expose high schoolers to like those like really
entry level job skills, I think is a great thing for some people.
And I'm not knocking college.
College is a great thing for some people.
It just wasn't for me.
I honestly wish that for a lot of fields, especially the one that I'm in,
that it didn't go so much from paying, you know, the $50,000 for college
and went more into, you know, an apprenticeship type environment.
You know, not an unpaid internship because to me that just seems like
some form of required slavery.
But, you know, I think that it should work on, I mean, yeah,
you need to go to college, like for me, yeah, going to take art history,
going to take anatomy, going to take things are all helpful.
But I think when it comes to actually the industry type of job,
it should be one-on-one working with somebody.
You know, some type of, you know, you work as an apprentice,
you become a journeyman, you know, like back in the day.
Anyhow, I don't want people to misunderstand what we're trying to like say here.
OLR is anti-college. No, that's not it. It's just, you know.
I'm having fun at college.
Yeah.
I'm not going to a four-year yet.
So, there's many different ways to learn.
Anyhow, that about does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I really want to thank you guys for tuning in tonight and supporting the show
and supporting independent podcasting.
You know, if you like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio,
please tell a friend or five about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio and help grow our family.
We really appreciate it.
Bradley, thank you very much for being here tonight.
We didn't get to hear a whole lot from you tonight,
but I hope you had fun here on the show.
Sure. It was good.
And feel free to pop back in any time.
It's always a pleasure to have you on.
Yep, yep.
Next time, we'll play a game or something.
You can actually have a little bit more of a say in or something.
But see you hopefully in less than six months.
Don't be a stranger.
Any final thoughts you want to get out for the listeners?
Well, after this show, I'm going to probably go see Pacific Rim
because that looks pretty cool.
And it is a goddamn travesty that that fucking Adam Sandler movie
outpaced Pacific Rim. I'm so angry.
There's so much wrong with America.
Unfortunately, they did not cancel the apocalypse.
Ugh. Horrible. Anyway.
Yeah, because there are a lot of dumb people.
So, more people need to go see Pacific Rim.
Do you have anything you want to...
You don't really have like a Twitter or anything.
Do you have any websites you want to pimp or promote while you're here?
You don't really have any of that stuff, do you?
No. The only thing I really have that's game related
is like I have a backloggery thing.
Oh, okay.
I don't really have loads of people on that other than some place.
That's a pretty cool place if you want to list your games,
but it takes forever to put them in there
because if they don't have any drop down, you have to put it in yourself.
It tells me to keep up with the million things I'm playing.
I have like 400 plus. Let me wear it.
Oh, my. 400 plus?
483 unfinished games.
Oh, my God.
And I bought more already.
You can really see how far behind you
and how much crap you have on Steam and everything.
Does it make a competition out of like who can catch up on their backlog more?
Does it give you trading cards?
No.
Oh, bummer.
They do have like little icons that show up depending on what you've finished.
Like I have Confused because I have playing 10 plus games at once.
That sounds like me.
All right. Well, thanks again for being here.
We'll see you soon.
I guess we'll go to Dark Sakura.
What's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I wish I had ice cream.
My final thought tonight is, well, maybe we can give you a Greek yogurt bar.
I mean, it's not ice cream, but.
That's okay. Thank you, though.
Thought we'd offer.
My other final thought is Shane is trying to course me into doing a Let's Play tonight
on one of the streaming sites, so be looking for that.
He wants me to play a game called Slender Man, which is a scary game.
Why are you laughing over there?
That'll be funny.
So apparently that's going to happen later on.
But I do have to work tomorrow, so we can't go too late.
So but stay tuned once I get the show up.
If I have some time, I'll maybe go to that.
You should just play Surgeon Simulator.
I mean, that's just as funny.
Is it?
And everybody should buy Surgeon Simulator if you haven't yet.
2013 because it's just stupid.
Is it still three bucks or was that the first four bucks?
It's really cheap.
It's like I have it.
I have it in front of me, I think.
Which, by the way, speaking of Let's Play channels, I may be creating my own channel independent of the OLR channel
just because Dar Sakura has her own channel.
And I want to be able to do things that don't necessarily have the OLR name attached to it,
just because, you know, I don't want to be OLRs for all of us.
So we'll have like maybe hopefully I'm hoping we can bring the webcam back.
Streaming the show is in the future and so forth.
But there you go.
Code Man says, can you record it, please?
I'm going to try.
I don't want to promise tonight.
I feel like I should do a test run of something else tonight and then do Slender Man,
but I am very interested in getting into the YouTube scene of Let's Play.
I'll leave it at that.
I know that the program that you were using before and the one that I'm using still automatically records.
Oh, nice.
I said to make sure I don't have performance suffering because of it, but I shouldn't.
We'll see.
Okay.
Loki, your last, your final thought tonight.
I wish I had no headache.
Oh, you want some ibuprofen?
No, I got it.
I'm going to go home and take them.
All right. I feel better.
All right. That does it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys for tuning in and supporting the show.
We really appreciate it.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all again.
Have a good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
