Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, July 21, 2013, a long-awaited Nintendo classic finally hits Wii U Virtual Console,
a dormant franchise re-emerges with a new game announcement at Comic-Con, and things get heated with one EA Sports franchise.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio. This is episode number 513, July 21, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about all things video gaming
with you guys in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
And, of course, my co-hosts, not here right now, DarkSakura, Jamie Sommers, she is running a little late tonight.
She has more of those home buying, being an adult things that she's doing right now,
but she'll be joining us, hopefully momentarily, within the next 30 minutes or so.
But, in the meantime, joining me live in studio, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I'm working on a bag of three pounds of gummy bears.
I was going to say, you brought a lot of different stuff with you, fun things to the show tonight.
What are these things you brought to the studio with you? A giant package of Haribo gummy bears.
And not that I'm complaining, gummy bears are amazing, but that's three pounds. That's a lot of candy.
I will eat it until it makes me sick. It's one of these things, we had a coupon from our local grocery store
where you spend 50 bucks and you get 10 bucks back.
And so, I bought all of our groceries for the week, and they're pretty affordable as it is.
And so, I get to the counter and it's like, yeah, you have $47. I'm like, crap, I need something else.
I was like, okay, well, maybe I'll get some M&M's. Ah, they're the crappy pretzel M&M's.
Gummy bears!
So, you know, that kind of paid for itself.
There you go. Well, gummy bears are always exciting, and you know I'm going to steal some before the night is over.
So, you've kind of had a busy week, and before we get into our gaming weeks and all that stuff,
I want to talk to you about some of the variety of things that's gone on this week.
But, of course, I do want to introduce the always-present fourth guest in our show, the chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com,
at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And even though Bobby's opinion on games sometimes can be very wrong,
we do still support all our indie podcast friends, even when they don't agree with you that Super Metroid is the greatest game ever made.
I mean, geez, how can somebody not think that?
But, diversity, I suppose. We have to embrace a diverse environment.
It's fine. It's going to be the greatest game ever made up until Grand Theft Auto V comes out, and then, you know.
Things might change. You are trying to pressure me into the Grand Theft Auto V.
I might have to do it. You know, I've been taking a break from the MMOs lately,
because all my friends quit World of Warcraft, basically.
No, I shouldn't say all. I have some friends that play World of Warcraft still, but very few.
Like, I signed in for the first time today in, like, six days, and I had a bunch of friends that were like,
oh my gosh, where have you been?
But, I've been really able to catch up on a lot of single-player games, like Steam and stuff like that,
which I'll get into in my gaming week, but Grand Theft Auto IV is still sitting there on the list of things I need to do.
You need to play it.
Yeah, I know. I know I do.
Alright, going to the chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Rambo wants to know, are they vodka-infused gummy bears?
No, not yet.
No, it's more like heat-infused gummy bears that have been sitting in my car.
And I've actually seen it before. What happens if they sit in my car for a very long time,
it will literally conform to the bag, and it'll be just one solid mass of gummy bears.
LokiLives46, I don't know if that's in reference to your name, or if you just both happen to be Loki,
but LokiLives46 says that's almost a gross amount of sugar, man.
I won't eat them all in one day, because it seriously, right now, it feels like I have a weight in my stomach.
Because I just finished eating dinner, and then I had this.
Well, gummy bears expand in your stomach, you know.
Oh, I didn't know.
No, I'm kidding. I don't know. I'm just messing with you.
Alright, so some of the other fun things you did with your week.
I love it when you bring presents to the show with you, and tonight you brought presents.
You brought this little Lego kit where you can actually build your own little, just tiny little Star Trek Enterprise.
It's one of those mini, it comes in like the plastic bag things, and you know, it's not too difficult.
I was building during Bobby's show, and well, not the whole thing, like the last ten minutes, I'm already almost done.
But where did you get this from, and what's been going on?
I got it from the Namco band I rep, because they came to my work this week.
We do this kind of, what used to be a game summit, now it's like an entertainment summit,
because they have a couple movie studios coming, now there's also the other things that we sell as well,
including Wonder Chalk, which is like this modeling chocolate stuff now.
So yeah, so they had a bunch of game companies out and stuff, and they show us what's coming out.
I got to see a few different, we'll talk about some of the stuff in gaming week I guess,
but I got to see a few different things. There's a few guys that brought dev kits with them.
Ubisoft brought Splinter Cell Blacklist, so I got to play a little of that.
Tecmo Koe, they brought Yaiba Ninja Gaiden Z, so I got to play the E3 demo of that.
And I didn't actually play it, but Activision brought Skylanders, Swap Force.
I did fondle the toys a little bit, because there was no one at the booth at the time,
so I was looking at them, and the top and bottom halves are held together with magnets.
As you would expect, I guess. Very disappointed that Disney did not...
Magnets! How did they work?
I was very disappointed that Disney did not bring their Disney Infinity stuff.
They only had a video, which I've already seen.
And what else?
Well, it's neat that they were able to bring stuff to your work at all,
because there's other game stuff going on right now.
There's a lot of stuff going on at Comic Con, it seems even more gaming news this year than usual.
And then PAX Australia, which oddly haven't been hearing a lot coming out of PAX Australia.
I forgot it was even this week.
I don't think there was a lot of news to break.
I'm sure some great local news and some indie news that just hasn't shown up on my radar yet,
because I've been too obsessed with the Steam sale and Earthbound and all that.
But there hasn't really been a lot of news broken at PAX Australia,
but I'm sure it's been really cool for them to just experience PAX,
and getting all the nerds in one place and the big gaming rooms and all that.
But my favorite part about the whole thing was actually something that didn't even take place.
Well, it took place at the event, but more of the after event, like the dinner.
Okay, so I have a couple reps that work at different companies.
One guy, my friend Daniel, he's worked at a bunch of different companies.
I've known him since he's worked at Konami, Namco, he's working at D3 now.
And then there's also Len, who actually owns a company now.
He owns Maximum Family Games.
They do a lot of family product.
Recently they've been doing some of these Xbox Live Arcade titles come to disc version.
They just released the Serious Sam collection on 360,
and they had the Worms collection back in May on PS3 and 360 and stuff like that.
But that's not the thing.
So they've been in the industry forever, like ever and ever.
And before, they used to both work at Sega a long time ago,
like back when they were launching the Genesis a long time ago and stuff.
And so they were telling me so many stories.
It was just fantastic.
First off, Len was telling me stories about how, since he owns the company and stuff,
they deal a lot with shipping to Brazil and stuff and about all the difficulties with that
and how you get product in there and stuff and how you have to almost bribe officials
and stuff to get things in there is crazy.
But the stories from Sega were great.
They were talking about how they came up with, I guess they announced the core system
for the Sega Genesis at CES one of these years or something.
And they were telling, I guess everyone was saying,
Oh, well, that's a brilliant idea and stuff.
Because it was the first time that they had ever come out with a game system
that was actually called a core system.
It's kind of surprising that they've never released a game system
without a game packed in before or something cheaper, I guess.
But he was just saying, yeah, they literally came up with that idea the night before.
Some guy went to Kinko's, had the box printed up, and they put it on the roof,
covered it with some sort of tarp thing and then revealed it at CES.
But just a whole lot of things talking about how they were asking him,
so what do you guys think about the 32X?
Do you think this is going to be something that's going to work for consumers and stuff
and how they're saying it's such a bad idea and everything?
I don't know. It just sounded like a lot of fun.
I wish I could have got the guys on the show to talk about that kind of stuff,
but obviously they don't want a lot of the stuff coming back verbatim.
Some people would get butthurt about that kind of stuff.
Okay, total derailment here, but you're in the background of my Vine.
Can I still post that?
Oh, I don't care.
Just making sure.
I always ask permission before I post people's face on the internet,
but I wanted to show off my Lego Enterprise because I finished.
There you go.
Well, I'm glad you got to reminisce with people and old friends
that have moved from company to company and catch up on some of the drums, right?
Yeah, it's fun.
And then also my other friend from, I guess it's not really a publisher,
but he's a rep firm.
He works with, oh, what is it now?
It's Watt & Company.
He works with them.
I don't know.
There's a lot of these guys I've seen for a long time
because they've been here every single year.
There's a few reps that cycle through and stuff.
I did get to meet with Microsoft.
Oh, my God.
I swear to God.
One thing you'll learn about Microsoft if you're in the industry and stuff
and if you actually get face-to-face contact with some of these reps,
they're different than everybody else.
You'll talk to them, and you get this vibe from them.
It's just very much the Microsoft way of doing things.
For example, we were actually sitting down and having lunch,
and my coworkers started asking them questions about the Xbox One
and all the critical stuff about the Xbox One and stuff,
and just listening to the guys spin stuff.
I mean, obviously, he's kind of along the lines with how we're thinking.
It's really early, and a lot of this stuff is going to change,
so you can't really say too much about what it's going to be in the final product
considering that they can just turn around.
But just like such the, well, we were listening to the consumers and blah, blah, blah.
For example, I set up items for a company.
I set up items, and I don't have any of the first-party setup information,
so I asked Microsoft, hey, can you provide me a list of the UPCs
for the stuff that you have coming out?
Yeah, we're sorry, because you see, you guys don't really buy direct from us,
so you're going to have to ask somebody else.
What the fuck?
Oh, but we're supporting you guys.
That's why we're out here today.
What? Okay, fine.
You can't give me stuff to set up the items in our system so that we can sell your product.
I just won't bother pushing for that since.
We'll just not sell your product then.
I don't know.
The whole thing's a corporate script.
The whole thing is ridiculous.
This was the weird thing at E3, too,
is that there was just such the corporate script that nobody was going to deviate from.
Basically, everything benefits them.
They say they're thinking about the consumer, but it's always what's going to benefit Microsoft,
and that's what it comes down to.
That's everything that I've talked to them and listening to their spiel and stuff like that.
This isn't something new.
This has been around since the first year of Microsoft.
It's never about here's the upcoming games we have and stuff like that.
You guys need to sell more of our accessories.
You need to sell more.
This is how you should be upselling these games.
When someone orders a Halo 4, you should ask them,
do you want a year of live with that, too?
Dude, first off, I'm not selling retail, for one.
And two, my customers order live cards when they need them and stuff.
They don't need to be pushed for that stuff.
I remember the first year.
This is when the Xbox 360 launched.
Our guy, who is actually higher up now,
he's like, yeah, you guys need to be selling.
You need to be pushing the accessories.
Cool, but you're not shipping any to us because they're allocated.
We want to order them.
We're trying to sell them, but you're not shipping any.
And now you're telling us that we need to push them,
but we can't because you're not shipping any to us.
That's hilarious.
It's like banging your head against the wall.
Well, the line is that's the stuff they're trying to sell and push.
Sony on the other hand, I must add, asked them the same thing.
Hey, I need setup information for UPCs.
Guy gives me his card.
He says, send me an email and I'll get you the information you need.
Was that so fucking hard?
And guess what?
We don't buy direct from them either.
So perfect example.
It shouldn't be that difficult to get information from them to sell their product.
Yeah.
What he just said.
Hi.
Welcome to the show.
How are you?
Hopeful.
You smell like sandwich.
Did you bring a sandwich?
I brought Panda.
Oh, okay.
You were so wrong.
I haven't eaten all day.
That's fine.
That's fine.
All right.
Loki, one other thing I want to ask you about,
especially now that Dark Soccer is here to hear this,
the Ouya thing you've been tweeting about.
Oh God.
Yeah.
Come on.
What's up with the Ouya stuff?
Okay.
So since I've gotten my Ouya,
I don't even know if you've noticed on that controller that,
since you're borrowing the system now,
the analog six are fucked up.
Basically.
I just thought that was part of the system.
No.
No.
It's actually the analog six.
Because if you play with a PS3 controller, it works just fine.
But the analog six are fucked up.
They have like these really weird dead zones on them where if you try to move diagonally,
it's like it doesn't,
it registers you pushing it almost like a quarter of the way instead of all the way.
It's just not, it doesn't work right.
Like if you try to run in circles, it looks really weird.
So it was a defect.
It was a defect that was in the first run of those controllers.
And it's something that's documented.
And it's something I tested and I saw the same thing that they came up with.
So I've been trying to get it replaced recently.
Because I know they've been busy with the launch and stuff,
and it's just getting a hold of customer service.
I started my claim,
or I should say my support ticket back in June on the 25th.
And the first response I got from them was kind of a canned response.
Because everyone's asking, you know, where's my OUYA system?
So it was all this information about, you know, when your OUYA system's coming
and when, you know, how to track it and all that stuff.
I'm like, well, if you read the ticket I sent you,
it has nothing to do with what I've been asking.
And then so finally I got a response from,
and the guy sent me this RMA thing, so I filled it all out,
took a picture of the serial number and stuff,
and I hadn't heard from him in two weeks.
I'm like, okay.
I keep responding back to the thread.
I'm like, hey, where do we go from here?
What's going on here?
And so then finally he's like, I get a response back,
your replacement faceplates have been sent out
because I guess there's some problem with some of the faceplates,
and so people are requesting the faceplates.
Once again, didn't read anything that I sent them.
You know, I'm like, dude, I don't need faceplates.
I need a new controller.
I can take the faceplates off,
and the controller works just the same as it does now.
It's so weird that they wouldn't go back and read the notes unless,
I mean, I wonder if it's not an outsource thing,
where if like certain words aren't there that, I mean,
a certain very literal script is usually followed in an outsource environment.
It doesn't sound like, you know,
I mean, unless they're just making up names,
but I mean, it's like Chad and, you know,
EA's does that.
I'm just saying, so it took me filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau,
which they already have, you know,
it looks like a few complaints against them already.
They're not part of the Better Business Bureau yet,
and that didn't really do anything.
So then I had a complaint on Twitter,
and so finally got the attention of their community manager,
and she kind of got the ball rolling a little bit,
and I finally got another response saying that I was supposed to be,
he's forwarding my thing to the RMA department.
So still, I don't have a fixed controller.
I mean, literally, I could have gone out to the store,
it's not the right way to do it,
but I could have gone to the store, bought a brand new Ouia controller,
and took it back, took my old controller back as defective,
and got my money back, and could have had it replaced weeks ago,
but, you know, I wanted to do it through the proper channels,
although if I get dicked around for another couple weeks,
I am going to do that.
So that's where I'm at. I still don't have a fixed controller yet.
What a mess.
Yeah.
Customer service is so important.
Their customer service is absolutely terrible.
And then this goes just the full gamut.
It's just not been good at all.
And yeah, I understand that they're a new company,
but come on, man.
They've been dealing with customer service issues for the last three months now.
They should be a little bit more on top of it.
I mean, just even getting back to people,
you know, in a timely manner, or reading the email.
If you're getting a read back, you know, respond back to somebody,
read through what the whole problem is when you're saying,
oh, I'm going to send you replacement faceplates.
That's not going to fucking fix the problem.
I don't know. It's just, it's strange.
But, and now they've got, like, some more news about what they're trying to do,
the drive-up sales and stuff,
and even, like, their response to the NPD numbers this month.
They're saying, oh, yeah, the Ouia launch hasn't been very successful
because they haven't sold that many units.
They're like, well, we sold out of all of our units.
We're chasing demand right now.
Yeah, because your manufacturing is so fucking slow.
But, I don't know, it's, I'm just kind of over that system already.
It's kind of felt like it was a whole mistake to back it in the first place, but.
Well, Dan said he wanted one.
And I'm like, no, we're not getting one.
I'm putting my foot down.
It's not, it's not terrible.
It's, and I think it's going to get better because it's just a system right now.
You know, it's all up to the developers and what they're, you know,
coming out with and stuff.
And they even had some stuff that came out of their, like,
little game jam thing that they did that looked really cool,
but not a lot of it's actually been made yet.
Like, there's a game called Television that I wanted to play.
It was kind of this weird, like, almost like a WarioWare type of game.
And it just hasn't come out yet, but it looked kind of cool.
And they've got some other games that look really neat on them,
plus you can sideload stuff.
But a lot of the stuff that they promised, like,
that was going to be easily routable.
Like, they were going to basically have almost like a one button root for it.
That hasn't happened.
And, hell, it can't even access, you know, external storage devices yet.
None of that stuff's happened.
It can't, you know, it doesn't have any sort of online multiplayer.
There's no, like, any, you know, sharing of, like, friend,
there's no friends list things built into it.
There's nothing.
It's just very rushed, I guess.
WhatupG asks in chat, who has great customer service?
I can think of a few companies.
I'll say my car insurance company, AAA, has always been really good to me.
I can't really complain about them at all.
I would say the masters of customer service.
I've never seen anyone do it better.
Disney. Disneyland.
Yeah, but I'm saying as far as game industry,
I actually had really good customer service with Blizzard.
Yeah.
The two times I've had to call, I had really good service.
I don't like how long I've had to wait in some of the hold times,
but once you get through to somebody, yeah,
my experiences with Blizzard has been good.
I can't complain.
The best, or one of the best is supposed to be Zappos,
but I've never really ordered from them,
although I've met them, met the people at the company,
and they're all really great.
They're all shoes, right?
They're shoes and clothing and stuff.
They did get into electronics for a while.
I actually sold them games for a little bit,
but they're really great.
I mean, just everybody there is fantastic.
They're a very unique corporate culture, too.
It really works for them.
It's really cool.
None of the executives have offices there.
They're all down there in cubicles with everybody,
and it's just very, it's good morale,
and just everybody is really happy to work there,
and I think that's how you do it.
You keep people happy, and they will be happy.
I mean, if they're pissed off at their job,
they're not going to be happy to your customers.
The place that I just got hired for believes the same thing,
and everyone looked super happy there.
I'm not going to say where I got hired, but still.
Technist in Chat says,
Costco has amazing customer service.
Returns with no question asked.
They changed some of that policy lately.
I mean, I think they still probably have
the most liberal return policy in most companies,
but it's not as crazy as it used to be.
Tiger Claw asks, Rob, you're a corporate trainer.
Do you teach customer service?
I did for seven years, and obviously,
just due to separating my day job and my hobby,
I'm not going to tell you where I work,
or much more than that, but yes,
I taught customer service for seven years,
and I actually still, even though,
I am still a corporate trainer.
I teach something else.
I sometimes teach customer service elements,
and I still write some manuals relating to that,
so that's why it's important to me,
and I think a lot of companies,
I hate it when they let it go,
because one of the biggest things about customer service
is just having to have the mentality.
You want to do good things.
That's 90% of it right there, so anyway,
I won't get into too much more than that.
A lot of people in chat saying Amazon.
Rama's saying Newegg is great customer service.
Bonds006 says, how can I forget Nintendo?
They have yet to let me down.
And I've worked in customer service
for a solid eight years, so trust me,
when you're in it, you know what not to do.
I've called people out on stuff.
Yeah, and I've actually, when I get good phone service,
which I can't remember the last company I got it from.
It's just been, I don't actually call places a whole lot.
I kind of prefer to do interactions online myself,
but the last time I called somebody,
I asked such good customer service,
I actually said, can I talk to your manager
and leave a compliment?
You know what I usually do?
They love that.
Actually, it's even better.
If you like someone's job,
ask for the fax number, fax them a letter,
because when I worked in customer service before,
verbal compliments were really good,
but written compliments were like the gold star,
they were the diamond star.
Yeah, and if you're willing to do that,
not waste your time, spend your time doing something like that,
you know, that, you know.
I got 14 of them in one year.
I got taken out to dinner five times.
Little did show off.
No, it was that one year that we were so super busy
and I worked all that overtime,
but I actually just sort of gave up on the call time
and ended up helping out whoever it was,
because it was really freaking busy.
And it's one thing when you have 255 calls in queue,
and your queue max is 255.
Yeah.
Anyway, I don't know how we got on that.
Oh, yeah, we have stuff.
But anyway, anything else about your antics this week
you want to share with us, Loki,
before we get into gaming weeks?
That's pretty much it.
All right, let's get into how was your gaming week
and the types of video games
that you have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, we'll start with you.
Animal Crossing.
Still?
Yep.
Ooh, is my DS around?
I got to make sure.
I got to make sure our 3DS is mate.
I turned mine on.
Mine's been on all day.
Actually, when I went to South Sac yesterday,
I straight passed two people there.
I have no idea who,
but there were two people in South Sac,
so if you're listening, I straight passed you totally.
And then, yeah, I actually, let's see,
I've just expanded my second room.
So I've expanded my upstairs,
I've expanded my house twice,
the upstairs once, my side room once,
my other side room once,
and now I'm going to be expanding my basement.
I have like 56,000 bills left.
Okay, anyone who wants a tip,
fish on the island.
Fish on the island, cat sharks.
Throw everything back if they're not a shark.
I've heard beetles on the island.
Yeah, some of the beetles, not all of them.
The Goliath ones are worth some money.
And that's, oh, and I finished Little Inferno.
That game is weird.
That was the one where you set things on fire, right?
Yes, I love that game.
Good times.
And that's really about it,
because I've been job interviewing.
I've been shopping for professional clothes.
But congrats, you got the job,
and I know you don't want to say,
well, you'll tell me all about it off air, but.
I pretty much knew I had it right after the interview,
because they're already talking about other stuff.
That's a good feeling.
Well, congrats.
And the company is really reputable.
I'm not going to say anything,
because I do want that window of separation.
Yeah, we all do.
But they're a really good, reputable,
long-standing company who got very high ratings
for how well they take care of their employees.
Wow.
Well, what a positive time between that and the house stuff.
And then, yeah, we found two really good houses today,
and we put out an offer on one of them today.
Nice.
And a little two-bedroom house,
but we have a big office in it.
Yeah, well, fingers and toes crossed.
And my own bathroom.
All right.
So, yeah.
Fingers, is that the one out,
I guess I can say Antelope.
Was that the one at Antelope?
An Antelope.
That's going to be a bit of a drive.
It'd be a schlep,
but it'd be a watt to 50 for me to get to work.
That's not bad.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played lots of stuff this week.
So, some stuff out of the little game show thing.
I played a brief demo.
It was the E3 demo for Yiba Ninja Gaiden Z,
which honestly plays just like Ninja Gaiden,
except what's kind of cool is the zombies,
you can cut off their hands and stuff,
and they turn into different weapons.
So, like, I cut off some of the arms,
and they turn into almost like a nunchuck.
I managed to crash the demo at the end,
because I was supposed to,
there was supposed to be this zombie
that you throw into a car,
and he's supposed to drive this truck into,
like, this sex shop or whatever,
and panties are supposed to fly out,
because, you know, it's awesome.
Instead, somehow, it let me kill the zombie,
and then I couldn't finish the demo,
which is kind of funny.
But I've already seen how it ends, so,
yeah, it wasn't that big a deal.
And then I played a bit of Splinter Cell Conviction,
which, honestly, I have, or not Conviction,
Splinter Cell Blacklist, that's a new one.
Never really played a Splinter Cell game.
It's kind of fun, you know, a self-action game.
I do like the new little gimmick that they have in there,
where you can mark different targets,
and then you do this, you hit a button to execute them,
and then it does it, like, all cinematic,
and it's kind of neat.
Apparently, that's only available in the lower difficulties,
which I was playing on Rookie,
because I just didn't care.
And, I don't know, it was a fun game.
Not one I'm probably going to pick up,
because it's not my style of gameplay,
but it looks good, so it was fun.
What else?
I played more Super Meat Boy.
I pretty much got all the A pluses for the first level.
I'm working on the second level,
and that includes both the dark and light worlds,
and I got all of the bandages.
So, then I have...
Who did I unlock?
I unlocked the robot from Macarium, I think,
and then also...
Oh, what's his name?
I don't even remember who it was.
Just a bunch of other characters.
Oh, the alien from Alien Hominid,
and some other character.
I don't even know who it is.
It's from some other indie game.
I'm trying to get the guy from Minecraft,
because he has the coolest kind of special attack.
He can actually dig through the level.
Shadownextchan in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
Loki, the mark and shoot mechanic,
was also in Splinter Cell Conviction.
You should check it out.
Okay.
And then, before the show,
I got sent the beta for Mercenary Kings,
which is a game I backed on Kickstarter,
and it's awesome.
It looks very much like a...
Like a Metal Slug, but it's not.
You can craft weapons in the game,
because you collect things.
It's really hard,
and all really awesome hand-drawn pixel art.
I don't know.
I played it for about 15 minutes,
and it was pretty sweet.
I never finished the first level,
because I had no fucking clue
where I was supposed to be going.
I was supposed to be rescuing one guy,
and I went all through the level,
because it kind of plays a little Metroidvania, I guess.
They're very open levels,
but since I have no map,
or don't know where I'm supposed to be going,
I kind of wandered the level for a while,
and couldn't find who I was supposed to be rescuing,
because you have a time limit.
But yeah, it looks awesome,
and hopefully I get the full game pretty soon.
I know, I think the Shadowrun Returns game
should be coming out pretty soon.
I've got that, so I should be getting that,
and also Shadowrun Online,
whenever the hell that comes out.
So both of those.
I need to check on Shadowgate Returns.
I know I backed that kick,
so I've only backed two, maybe.
Oh, no, no, because there were the two recently,
because we had them both on the network
that I backed.
But then there was also,
I'm starting to see the rewards for GamerCon,
or as they call it, GamerX,
is next weekend.
That's actually happening,
which is pretty cool.
So I'm just financing reaping the rewards of that.
And then Shadowgate was the only other thing
I've ever kickstarted
outside of the Professor Shy Guy thing.
So I'm still waiting for that to come out,
which I think is later this year,
so I'm excited about that.
Yeah, so I think that's all I played this week.
I wanted to play some other stuff.
I installed a few games.
So, yeah, that's it.
Although there's going to be lots of taking up of time,
so I don't know if I'll get into a lot of these games.
I just need to do the third.
Still have a few achievements left I need to get.
Okay.
So my gaming week.
I've played quite a bit of different things,
just kind of like a potpourri of stuff.
And I think not playing MMOs right now,
because I'm kind of holding out.
I know Final Fantasy XIV,
Realm Reborn is going to be the next big thing
I get sucked into,
but it's not really out until mid-August,
whenever the early launch
and the next beta phase happen and all that.
So I'm kind of in this lull right now.
World of Warcraft,
most of my friends are on hiatus.
They've either just gone off to play other things,
or they're going to play XIV,
or they quit, or whatever.
There's just not a lot of people still playing WoW.
There's just a couple people I still run into,
but not a lot.
So I sign into WoW maybe once every few days,
play a PvP battleground,
try to talk to people,
but that's about it.
So I've been using this time
to kind of catch up on single-player things
and Steam Sale, obviously,
has been a huge contributor to that.
The trading card metagame.
I actually did my badge today for the summer sale,
so I got my summer sale badge,
and it gave me a friends list boost to five people.
Not everybody would get that.
That's just, I think you get a random loot.
And I got a background for my profile,
so now when you go visit my profile on Steam,
which is, I think, GreenSky42 is my external name,
you can actually see my little trading card background.
You know, just a silly thing.
So, yeah, there was that.
Thanks to that, I kind of was playing some more games on Steam.
A few things to note, Skyrim,
I started randomly playing the other night,
because, you know, Skyrim is that game
you can just get sucked into.
Yeah, cards, partially cards.
I got all of my cards in one sitting.
That'll tell you how I got sucked into Skyrim one night, right?
So there was that.
But then the other game I got really sucked into,
Torchlight 2.
I bought it.
I didn't play it, but I bought it.
The last day of the sale is going on right now.
If you're listening to the podcast, you probably missed it.
But if you're listening live,
that last day of the sale has all the encore sales going on right now,
and I know Torchlight 2 is only five bucks.
I already had the game, because I bought it when it first came out,
but I played it for like a little bit, and then I just, you know,
gamer ADD, I went and played something else.
But I randomly decided to play it the other night to get trading cards,
and I was doing a live stream of it,
because I've been getting into live streaming more
on my personal Twitch channel, which is just Rob Roberts on Twitch.
I played some Torchlight 2 this week,
and yeah, I played some more today,
and my character's up to like level 18 or something,
so good times.
Speaking of live streaming,
after the show last week,
Shane made me play Slender the Eight Pages
and do a live stream.
Oh my god.
That game was scary, but I beat his score.
He's only got as far as two pages.
I got to three pages, but by sheer dumb luck.
And I live streamed the whole thing,
and I had the lights out, so like all you could see is my silhouette
and the lights from Alan's computer,
because I had like my little webcam in the corner.
It's all in the archive on my channel at Twitch TV, Rob Roberts.
And I did have a jump screen,
where I literally screamed once,
and Shane, I just, he started laughing,
and then I bust up laughing. It was really funny.
But it was scary, like I was in this like bathroom area
looking for a page, and I turned the corner,
and he was right there, and the music did the
BONG, and like the tentacles were coming out and everything,
and I was like, ah! So I let out this big screech.
So, that was fun.
Even though, you know, I probably won't play that again anytime soon.
But that was a good thrill for that.
I also bought Final Fantasy VII on the Steam sale,
because it was on the Flash sale yesterday for eight hours.
It was eight bucks, and I bought it.
Not cheap enough yet.
Well, here's the thing. There's some things I like about it.
Even though the music in its MIDI form is kind of,
the graphics are improved.
Like, I mean, I realize it's probably using a lot of
the same formulas from the PlayStation 1,
but like, the polygons there, they look crisp.
Like, they look really good.
But the whole cloud saving feature is busted.
And I don't know if it's just because so many people bought it
when it went on the Flash sale yesterday,
but like, I could not save my game yesterday.
That's very frustrating and stupid.
Like, if the cloud thing doesn't work,
the game should still let you save locally by default.
But I could not save, and I streamed this whole thing happening.
I couldn't save to a local file.
That's ridiculous. Come on.
Like, I realize that Square's trying to tie everything together online
to do the boost level thing and everything,
but it's ridiculous.
It should always save locally, and then to the cloud.
Yes, right?
So I have to really dog Final Fantasy VII for that cloud saving thing,
because it does more harm than good in this case.
I'm hoping they fix it, but it did not leave a good impression.
Like, who wants to replay the first hour of the game again, you know?
I mean, well, I guess I did play it for the first time,
but like, the first time in a few years.
Not the first time since yesterday.
Jason in our chat room, vxjasonxv at live.hognetwork.com says,
Cloud can't save Aeris. You expect him to save your game?
Lol. I would hope.
My cloud would have stabbed her.
Let's see. I'm also looking here.
Tigerclaw says, Rob needs to play more scary games on Twitch.
It's a possibility. It's a possibility.
I'm trying to play a variety of things. Just sometimes classic things.
Too bad you don't have the Oculus Rift and then play like a Slender game.
No!
You know what, by the way, Rob?
I did remember one other video game related thing we did last night.
We watched the live stream of video games live.
Oh yeah, I saw part of that.
It was pretty good.
I decided to stream at the same time it was on,
which is probably why nobody was watching.
I'm amused by David Hader's ponytail.
Nice.
Let's see, Ragenator says, speaking of streaming on Twitch, etc.
How would a total newbie like me stream on a site like that?
It's actually not too difficult.
The program I use, which is great, is Open Broadcast Software?
Open Broadcaster Source?
I use FFSplit.
Do you?
Yeah.
Oh, no. I like Open Broadcaster.
Look that one up because that one's great.
I remember what I used because my computer had the format of the hard drive,
so I don't have my program anymore.
FFSplit, I did not get as good a performance out of that as I did.
I mean, it's nice because that's free and everything,
but I got a better performance out of OBS.
Let's see, also trying to read through our chat room real quick
at live.vognetwork.com.
I guess that's it for now for chat comments,
but we'll get some more of these later.
Some folks commenting on a story that's coming up.
But I think I got everything in my gaming week.
Oh, one other thing I should throw out there.
On the Wii U this week, and I'm spoiling the news a little bit,
but it's my own story.
Earthbound was out on the Wii U this week.
I played a bit of that on Virtual Console.
It's nice to revisit that game after a very long time.
I played it on emulators once, like years ago,
but to be able to play it again on the TV and on the little game pad
is a nice experience.
That is a great, great RPG, one of my all-time favorites.
It really is.
I know Bobby's been razzing me a little bit
about the whole Super Metroid versus Earthbound thing,
but I'm always kind of like,
but Earthbound really is a really good game,
and I don't find Earthbound to be overrated.
It's not my favorite game, but it's probably in my top five, honestly.
I love Earthbound. It's great.
So, glad to be playing that again.
And glad to hear they didn't really change a lot.
The changes they made, very minor stuff.
They made one dialogue change,
and I don't even think it was that big a deal,
but they changed some of the graphic effects
to tone down the amazing seizure displays that some of the PSI effects had.
You mean the embryos?
Hmm?
You mean the embryos?
Yeah, right.
So, yeah, good times.
Okay, so that's it for our Gaming Weeks.
Quick housekeeping, twitter.com, excuse me, twitter.com slash OLR,
or facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio if you want to follow us.
And of course, do support the other shows we have
vog network dot com.
I do not, and this is going to be news to you guys,
so sorry to spring this on you mid-show.
We will not be here in two weeks,
because I'm going to be at that convention in San Francisco.
I won't be back in time.
So, because Sunday's the last day.
So, sorry.
Okay.
Sorry about it.
No show in two weeks.
Surprise.
Well, maybe, I don't, I don't,
keep that flexible, because maybe I'll be back early enough,
or we can do something a little later or something,
but I just, yeah.
I totally want to take over the stream and do a fuck-off show.
Yeah, do whatever you want.
It's called Jamie Rants.
Or do a live stream.
Loki can play Borderlands whenever, so.
I'm not playing Borderlands.
I'm hoping I can do some fun stuff at the convention,
and I'm going to be seeing a lot of my podcast pals from like,
well, we're all doing that panel, which I should obviously be plugging, duh.
Saturday night, and I believe six o'clock, is Podcast Cross Zone.
It's OLR, me.
It's Koopa Club, our friends from Chicago,
and I believe Long Beach is where one of their hosts lives.
Game Buoy, Game Bar, and more.
Special surprise guest, hopefully, all talking about podcasting,
and kind of our own shows,
and trying to enable other people to do their own shows,
and enable more broadcasters.
It is a GLBT-focused convention, obviously,
but we're really about everybody, you know, having a voice.
Good times.
Alright, let's get into some news.
Loki.
Yes, Pokemon Rumble.
I'm actually kind of surprised that this is coming out still digitally,
but Pokemon Rumble was a game that came out in Japan,
I think earlier last year, maybe this year.
It was a digital download for the Wii U,
and what makes it kind of unique is it was sort of going the Skylanders route,
where you have these physical figurines that you buy for a certain amount of money,
and you, I think you put them on the, I don't know if it's,
I want to say it was the Near Field Communication part of the Wii U tablet,
or the game pad, or whatever, and it interacted with that.
So, it is coming out over here in North America, August 29th.
18 figurines.
However, they are sold exclusively at Evil-G,
so if you watch your Pokemon, you know, Nintendo has still made this blood pack with Evil-G to do that.
The game, I guess, is 18 bucks in the eShop.
Each figurine is going to be $4.
I don't know.
Neat.
I, uh, why not?
Except for the fact that it's a GameStop exclusive, but something to hold us over until X and Y, right?
Europe is also going to be getting the game August 15th.
No words on how they're going to, if that's going to be done through GameStop in Europe as well.
I don't know.
But, it's kind of lame.
I don't know.
I just don't understand why they're making, I mean, I understand they're a big company,
but why exclusive through GameStop to do this stuff?
I don't know why they would do that.
I mean, because honestly, I think everybody could sell those stupid figurines.
Hell, they put it on the game as, like, a disc.
I'm surprised they didn't do that in the first place.
$20 game, you know?
Yeah, especially because Nintendo puts a lot of stuff on disc.
Yeah, put it in a $20 game, maybe bundle it with a figurine or something like that, and there you go.
Super Luigi U is on disc, right?
It will be.
Anyway.
Alright, well, more Nintendo news.
I mentioned this, obviously, during my gaming week, but I want to officially acknowledge
EarthBound is finally out on the Virtual Console.
It's only available on Wii U, however, so you can't get it on 3DS, you can't get it on the Wii,
which sadly makes sense because Nintendo's trying to push people to the Wii U,
and there are people crazy enough to buy a Wii U to play EarthBound.
But you can play it at my house.
Especially considering how much those cartridges go for on eBay, you know?
Yeah, I won't tell you how cheap we got ours.
Well, you might have got lucky, too. Did you find it at a...
It was a long time ago.
Yeah, before the value...
Probably when we had the video game store.
So, anyway, this is out.
There was a special Nintendo Direct to go with it.
Some people taking surprise at the increased price because the game is $9.99 on the Wii U eShop.
It is not the normal, I'm using my quotey fingers, price of $7.99.
But to be honest, this isn't the first time we've seen a game priced higher than the bar.
I believe Mario 2 loss levels, or what they...
Super Mario 2, the Japanese version, was a dollar more than most NES games.
Because on the Wii, they did this whole week of import releases.
And, you know, Mario 2 is the big flagship of those, the original one.
And that was a dollar more.
The Final Fantasy games, I think, at least the Super Nintendo ones that they put out on Virtual Console,
those were a dollar, or maybe even two dollars more. I think they were a dollar more.
Squeenix tax.
Yeah, basically. Well, now this is, you know, Nintendo tax.
Both.
Well, so why are they charging the increased price? Because they can, honestly.
I mean...
Gotta make up that game some exclusive money somewhere.
I guess so. I mean, it's not like $9.99 is a ripoff,
but they are talking about that there's an enhanced value about the Earthbound Strategy Guide,
which is out there, and it's enhanced for the Wii U gamepad,
and you can actually view it on Nintendo's Earthbound site.
Which, you know, you press the little home button, go into the browser, and you can open up on the site.
I'm gonna be honest. I find that feature, and I'm using my quotey fingers,
I find that feature to be a little bit disingenuous.
I don't think that's really a feature, because you're just advertising a website, basically.
And to be honest, I could open up my internet browser and go to gamefacts.com
and pull up almost anything that's on Virtual Console.
I mean, I can do that.
That's cool that Nintendo did the optimized and scanned it in and made that or whatever,
but you technically don't have to own Earthbound to see that.
You know what I mean? That's not really value for buying the game.
So if you're gonna tell me that the $2 was for that, I'm gonna tell you that's a crock of shit.
Because that would be like me saying,
Oh, well, with every copy of Donkey Kong sold on the Virtual Console, you get a free voggenetwork.com.
Check it out.
It doesn't quite work for me.
I mean, cool. It would be neat if Nintendo would do more manuals and stuff,
but you know what would be even better is if instead of having to press the home button,
having to press the internet browser button, having to enter in earthbound.nintendo.com,
having to wait for the thing to load. You know what would be even better than that?
Just tapping the screen and having an extra button that says guide and then it just comes right up.
It's already downloaded to your Wii U. It's just right there. Instant.
No, it's even better.
That would again require Nintendo to get online and speed some things up a little bit.
I guess this is a baby step.
Did you know with your copy of Balloon Fight that you can actually get a free copy of Pornhub?
Free porn. With a Nintendo title. I mean, that's ridiculous.
But it's optimized.
Shadownextgen in chat at live.voggenetwork.com says,
The guide from Nintendo would most likely be better than what you will find on Game Facts.
No.
Graphically, yes. For the retro-minded in you, yes.
You know, again, for the whole tickling your retro tastes or whatever, yes.
But Game Facts will honestly be faster. That site was slow as hell when I was playing with it.
It's probably outsourced anyway, so it's probably going to be a Prima guide or something.
But...
No, no. Well, I mean, this was years ago, but every copy of Earthbound, when you bought it, it came in that bigger box.
I believe, I could be wrong, I believe it was a whole thing tied in to push Nintendo Power subscriptions.
Because, remember how Nintendo Power would do those guides?
If there was one for Dragon Warrior, Final Fantasy, I could be wrong.
Mario Paint.
But I thought Earthbound was technically one of those guides.
And that there were things in there to try to get you to get a Nintendo Power subscription.
I had the Mario Paint one, that was freaking sweet.
I'm having to think back almost 20 years here, but...
Anyhow.
Yeah, all sorts of pixel art in there for doing animated Yoshis and all sorts of fun stuff.
AlphaKnanogram says, the online US guide sucks, the Nintendo Europe site has the PDF to download.
And you put it on your iPad.
That's honestly how I've been doing a lot of playthroughs.
Not just Nintendo, but even 360 and Playstation 3 as well.
I pull up the thing on my iPad.
Works great.
And BlackWolf says, it was a Nintendo guide, not a Prima guide.
Could have still been outsourced though.
It didn't necessarily have to come in internally from Nintendo.
But they had the hotline, didn't they?
Oh, they still did at that time, yeah.
Oh yeah, the game counselors, absolutely.
To register participation with this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, thunder.
Moving on, DarkSakura.
Yes, we do have some other news.
I'm sorry, I've been discussing certain old Exedy games with somebody.
Exedy games? That's really old.
Like Gorf? Wasn't Gorf an Exedy game?
Well, I'll go ahead and say it, but I won't say who I've been talking with or the reason why.
Yeah, yeah.
Venture.
Oh, yeah, you brought that up on the show before.
I think I've done Venture as a classic. If I haven't, I should.
I think you have.
Anyway, speaking of classic games, everybody has been messaging me this to show Dan, and Dan knows. Trust me.
Of course Dan knows.
Of course Dan knows.
It's nice that people think of you, though.
Thank you, everybody. But keep in mind, Dan used to run a site called Neo Strider's Strider Zone.
And it was one of two Strider sites that existed back in the days when people had websites on AOL.
He was probably sitting there, all of a sudden the hair on his arm went up. He's like, Strider news has been announced.
He turned red in the face, and like all of a sudden weird signals came from his head where he started accepting the vibe of Strider.
Did he cry?
As it flowed.
Did he cry? Was there a little shaking?
I think he peed a little.
Which I'm glad that he's not listening right now, so I love you, Dan.
What other embarrassing Dan stories do you want to tell?
Love you, mean it.
I did say that I was going to clone his liver and sell multiple copies on eBay.
Because livers are worth the money, man.
I told him if he ever pissed me off, I'd punch him until he peed blood.
You make that threat of a lot of people, though.
I do.
You can't just throw that around willy-nilly.
I only do that to people I care about. Rob, by the way.
Hey.
Anyway, so yeah, I mentioned Strider. It is Strider.
There is a version of Strider which is supposed to be a series reboot, from what I understand, like a redoing of the first game.
From what we could see of the trailer, it looked like the whole first level.
And it's being done by Double Helix, who is also working on Killer Instinct, so I don't know.
This looks like it would be a lot better than that Killer Instinct thing, so I have some high hopes.
Watching the gameplay, it was really, really cool.
He doesn't so much walk as Dash everywhere he goes. He runs with purpose.
Keep in mind, I loved Strider 2. I loved the updated thing.
I loved every appearance of Strider Hear You in Marvel vs. Capcom.
The various Marvel vs. Capcom's when he was playable.
And one of my favorite characters of all time, thanks to Dan, making me sit down and said,
Any person I marry is going to beat Strider.
On Genesis.
Which I have.
And finally beaten on arcade and beaten PlayStation version, blah, blah, blah.
And that last fight with the stupid master is bitch.
It's a pain in the ass.
But anyway, so yeah, we both have a lot of happy going on in our house because of Strider.
Do you even love Strider on the NES?
I'm going to tell you about Strider on the NES.
It's based off the manga.
So it is not the arcade game.
It's got this one jump that's like freaking impossible.
I think we own the game and I think Dan kind of likes it.
The infamous triangle jump.
The triangle jump, yes.
I do like the story in the game. I've read the manga.
I don't like playing it.
So I would much rather play the original Strider any day.
I loved Strider on the NES.
Because I didn't have a Genesis.
We weren't really a Sega household.
We were all Nintendo.
So I played Strider on the NES.
I really liked it.
And hearing that this new game is kind of Metroidvania-ish made me think of the NES version.
Not that the NES was really Metroidvania, but it had like the different stages.
The Nintendo Strider, I'm almost positive, was the same engine that DuckTales used.
Because they were very similar where you would select a stage.
Like you would go to the various areas.
And then, you know, you clear that.
Well, and other games use that same formula too.
But my big thing is that I just didn't enjoy playing it as much as I did the original.
And keep in mind, I didn't grow up with a Genesis.
I played Strider in the arcade a couple of times.
And it wasn't really my thing.
And I didn't play it on Nintendo.
But like I said, Dan sat me down and said,
Any woman I marry is going to play Strider.
So I've beaten Ghosts N Goblins 2, which made me want to cry tears of blood.
But Strider, at least, is a fun game.
And, you know, he actually told me a little bit of trivia about that too.
Is that it was going to be a regular cartridge.
But because they wanted to put the Amazon level in it,
They actually upped the memory in it.
So they could include the Amazon level and have the music and everything.
Nice.
Yeah. So.
So this news fills a certain hole in your heart that not even Moon Diver could fill, right?
Moon Diver was a good game.
I mean, it's a spiritual successor in the series.
But we need to have Strider.
No one.
And what I'm kind of hoping is that with this we get some of the elements from Strider 2.
Like we see Hien.
You know, because I actually really like to play through the game with Hien.
That was really fun.
The guy who had two cyphers.
It was really cool.
But I have high hopes for this.
It looks pretty. It looks like it plays solidly.
The backgrounds were amazing. The music was amazing.
And it was the same first level that I heard.
So I will keep my fingers crossed.
A lot of people have been frowning a little bit hearing who's developing this.
Because, you know, the new Killer Instinct game.
Which I don't know. I mean, it's hard to judge a game that's not even out.
I don't know.
But Silent Hill Homecoming has a lot of people kind of nervous.
But, you know, I don't know if it's...
We really have to wait until the game's out.
I mean, WayForward does a lot of great retro updates now.
Dude, they made Ping Pals if I remember right.
So that game was literally the worst handheld game in history.
So if, you know, that company can do better after their first couple attempts.
I'm willing to give these guys a chance.
And, like I said, I looked at the trailer and it really would be hard to screw up Strider.
Unless there were major timing and physics issues.
Other than that, it really looked very solid.
And all they have to do is take the timing physics from the original.
And they would know exactly how to do it.
And, you know, like I said, I've played other versions of Strider.
We actually have the PC Engine version.
Which we can't play because we don't have the card for it.
The arcade card.
But that one even...
I don't think it would be too hard. I really don't think it would be too hard.
They'd have to really screw up, like I said, timing and physics to ruin the game.
Or, you know, maybe really shitty voice acting.
Which, it can't get...
Even the first game actually had pretty...
The original had pretty decent voice acting in it.
It was all in whatever the native language of whoever the character was.
But it has the best line in it.
I gotcha.
The one guy.
And the new one's like, I'm Strider! I wanna hit you with my sword!
They'd be like, Hi! I hear you!
Wow.
They better give him the uber-bishy voice, you know?
I'm surprised they waited to announce this for Comic-Con.
That they didn't bring this out at E3.
I mean, maybe it just wasn't ready, but...
It's one of the games that the fans have been dying to get a new game of...
Sorry Mega Man! You guys fucking suck!
Hey! Enjoy the Game Boy games on 3DS!
The Mega Man thing I think is fight now.
But I'm actually a little bit more excited about Strider than I am about a Mega Man game, so...
I think a Mega Man project's in the works.
But I think with this Strider news and so forth, and Mega Man and Smash...
I think there'll be something next year.
But, I mean, easy to say, right?
Any strange analyst can say that.
Alright, let's move on. Loki.
You'll be really awesome as if they do a new Mega Man game that's done by...
Was it WayForward, actually? I think.
There were comments to that in the chatroom, too.
It'll suck, whatever it is, I'm sure. They can't do it.
If the DuckTales thing goes well, you never know.
That looks cool.
Anyways, so NCAA. There was a bit of drama with that.
Considering that the game just came out, apparently NCAA is not renewing its contract with EA.
This'll be, I guess, the last year that it'll be called NCAA Football 14.
However, and I know they have a lawsuit against them.
And this is from 2008.
Basically saying that...
I want to say it was because they're using the...
They've never licensed the use of current student athlete names, images, or likenesses.
I think the whole reason that they're not renewing their contract with them is they're trying to distance themselves from EA.
Because EA is kind of going around them and putting these students in the game.
And I guess EA is still going to be making college football games.
It'll just probably be called EA Sports College Football 15 next year or something like that.
And, of course, you know, they're just saying that, once again, even some attorneys that are dealing with the whole lawsuit are saying,
yeah, it's basically...
The announcement makes it plain that NCAA is attempting to mitigate the damages by ducking its responsibilities.
They say that our suit illustrates the cabal between NCAA and EA has exploited student athletes for years using their images in video games without compensation.
Well, that sounds like EA.
While we are heartened that they've stopped the practice, we believe that they owe students or student athletes a great deal more than implied promise to stop stealing their images.
So how's that going to work next year? Are they actually going to stop using the student images?
So it's just going to be like generic people on a team type thing?
Are we going like EA Sports Tech Mobile here?
I mean, how's that going to work?
So I don't know.
Whatever.
And I even read in chat or something that they were saying that next year is going to be all next gen anyways.
No current gen version of the game.
Could be a chance to kind of re reboot, reinvent things.
It's interesting to see if 2K comes back with a college football game.
Although the last one was that remember how they tried to do that whole American football or I forget what their one had like this weird like lineup of people in there and stuff and fake teams and stuff.
And that didn't work out too well.
But it'd be kind of neat to see 2K come back and do new.
How important is it to have the actual people in the game?
I mean, I don't play a whole lot of sports games, but it's never really mattered to me.
Yeah, the games I played games.
So, you know, you want to play as your favorite players and stuff.
And so which I really, I realized the NCAA games didn't actually have the player.
Well, I mean, they were all there except in name.
I mean, that's that's what it was, right?
Like their stats were what you would expect to see.
Their looks were what you would expect to see, you know, with subtle changes.
Just the names weren't there, you know?
Yeah, I think it's just they want, you know, they just like, you know, if you're playing an NBA game, you'd want to have, you know, they pay those players to use their likenesses and stuff in the game.
So the thing is, why aren't they paying these college students?
Because they think they can get away with it.
Oh, what's a college student going to do?
Try to sue me?
You're broke.
I mean, seriously.
Well, they can't they can't profit.
It's NCAA regulations that they can't.
NCAA is saying that they never license that stuff to them.
They're basically saying, oh, well, we didn't do this, but they're still getting this stuff in the game anyway.
Well, Bobby and Chad wants to clarify.
Bobby Black Wolf says they only lost the NCAA name.
Nothing else.
The colleges and bowls and stadiums and stuff are still EA.
The only thing they lost is the NCAA name and the NCAA logo.
That's it.
Well, then that won't affect anything.
You don't think?
I don't think.
I don't think it'll be a big deal either.
I think at the end of the day, a good game is a good game.
Like I love Tecmo Bowl is like my favorite football game.
And it didn't really have any of that.
So, you know, anyhow.
Moving on.
Lots of gaming things being shown at Comic-Con.
Now, I know gaming kind of comes up every year at Comic-Con.
But it definitely seems like there's more of it this year than we usually see.
And that probably has something to do with the fact that we have new consoles coming this year.
So obviously the companies want to push that to the potential buying audience of which a lot of them are at Comic-Con right now.
Although I'm not there.
But Sony is at Comic-Con with the PlayStation 4.
They have NAC and Drive Club out there open for play, letting the public experience PlayStation 4.
I think it would be a safe bet to say those games will show up.
Everything you're hearing here, these games will get in a truck and move to PAX in a couple weeks.
Absolutely.
Octodad, excuse me, I guess is part of PlayStation 4 as well.
Gran Turismo 6 is also there even though technically that's not next gen.
It's still there.
It still looks nice.
Yeah.
Microsoft has Rise with the Y, Rise and Killer Instinct out there on the floor.
Killer Instinct drawing pretty good.
Apparently Rise is too.
Apparently other games being shown out there, Dead Rising 3, Assassin's Creed 4, and Watch Dogs.
All there at Comic-Con.
That's just a taste.
That's just some of the stuff that involves next gen and the big companies.
So is there any comics to be found at Comic-Con out of curiosity?
Marvel's got a whole big thing.
No, I know.
Well, you know, they actually did announce the next Avengers movie.
Yeah, but that's a movie.
It's not a comic.
Yeah, but it's still Marvel.
And why are they fucking going with Age of Ultron?
Sorry.
Not a fan?
I'm not a fan of Ultron.
And they're doing the same thing in the comics.
They tease Thanos.
So here I go talking about movies on the video game podcast.
Sorry.
I went to go see This is the End last night.
It was funny.
It was one of those movies that was so stupid.
It's seriously stupid.
It was awesome.
But to the point where it's actually really funny.
It's so stupid you can't help but laugh.
Like a lot of stoner comedies are.
It was great.
Yeah, I had a good time. It was good.
But I got home.
In the first news that greets me when I yell,
the Superman sequel will have Batman in it.
They're doing the Superman vs. Batman thing that was in one of the comics.
I'm just like,
stop.
Stop.
And I know this is a whole
to build up to the Justice League movie
that they have to do.
Because Marvel's got the Avengers.
So now DC's got to do this.
But it's like, no.
No. You do not get to do
a Justice League movie
until you fucking do a Wonder Woman movie.
You don't get to debut her.
No. She needs her own movie.
And it needs to be good. Because if it sucks,
you don't get to do a Justice League movie.
And I don't.
God, the whole idea of Batman and Superman is just.
I don't. I don't like that.
I don't know. Like, I get that it's based on a comic
and it was a real thing and everything, but I don't know.
Maybe there's just that part of me that holds out hope
for a fourth Bale Batman movie,
which I realize they probably couldn't
do because of the story and everything, but
dammit, there's always a way.
There's always a way. I want to see a
sequel to Suburban Commando, but instead
of having Hulk Hogan in the movie, it'll be
Christian Bale Batman, and he'll be like
going around the neighborhood driving a car.
Just a regular car. Not the Batmobile. Just like
calling the people. You know, that'd be fun.
Maybe babysitting some
kids.
There's
some Marvel versus DC chat
going on in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
And all the Marvel people are right.
Brad from Pod Culture says,
you should ask if any good comics are there. Who reads
Marvel? People with taste.
Snap.
Slidekick says, I've always preferred Marvel
for superheroes. People, please.
There's good and bad on
both sides. There's good and bad on
both sides. Yes, check out Rocket Raccoon.
It's all about image, anyways.
I will say,
I don't watch a lot of
TV, although
I have been watching Orange is the New Black based on
Recommendation, that Netflix show, but
I'm stupid looking forward to
the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. TV show.
Yeah, me too. I think it's kind of rad that
they're doing this big budget TV show.
I'm still super pissed off that there is
still not AKA Jessica Jones.
You heard at Comic-Con,
I don't know, I guess there was
a panel or something with David Covington
and the whole X-Files crew and stuff, but he wants to
bring that back. I'm like, yes.
Please. That would be fantastic.
I still haven't seen the second movie, which I hear
is really dumb, but
I would love to have them just
bring it back. I mean, they're both not really fucking
doing anything. I mean, just bring back
a whole new series and just set it
20 years later and
pick it up from where it, you know,
where it left off. That'd be fantastic.
Alright.
Let's move on with more news.
Classic game of the week,
still a little bit away, and release date's coming up
right after this. TarSaga.
Ready to friend some butt?
What? I explained that to Dan, by the way.
He's like, you guys are weird.
So Nintendo has trademarked
two game names that
will really do hint to
Seaman.
They have
the rights to Mysterious Pet
Legend of the Fish with a Human Face
and Mysterious Partner
Legend of the Fish with a Human Face.
And it was
registered in
Japan. It was
now, there have been
some goings
on with the creator of
Seaman, who is Yut Saito,
who did work with
Nintendo
for GameCube content. That was a
pinball game,
Odama, and
the Guild 101
thing,
Air Reporter. So
it could be possible that we may be seeing
another Seaman. They'd have to put out
a micro, well, I guess the microphone's already built into the
controller, so who knows?
On both the 3DS and
on the, well,
3DSDS and
Wii U.
I will not friend his butt, and actually it doesn't sound
very exciting, but
sure, why not?
I think that butt friending should be
a thing.
Click to butt friend. I think there's a lot
of people that don't get that joke, and I'm trying
to find that original YouTube.
Yeah, that was a while back.
Was it a Let's Play? That was a long time ago.
Some dude doing a Let's Play with that
game, Seaman. Yeah.
I think it was, like,
Seaman gameplay, or, yeah, Let's
Play.
I'm assuming Tigerclaw could probably find
it, because he could find it. Yeah, Tigerclaw, do your job.
Find us the link.
Hopefully. Friend his butt for us.
Let me Tigerclaw that for you.
It was, like, asking
about birthdays, and it was like,
are we friends?
I'll friend your butt.
Wait, wait.
I might have found it.
I might have beat Tigerclaw out of this.
That's it.
Okay, wait.
Let me give credit where credit is due.
Oh, gotta love this
username. Ebola World
is the user that did this.
You just need to click like.
So, what
month is your birthday in?
October.
You were born in October?
No, it doesn't.
Let's try that again.
In what month
were you
born?
October.
You were born in October?
Yes.
I wonder if people would say you're a
trick, or a treat?
Treat.
Like
the spice?
Yes.
Well, you can
look, but don't touch.
I don't want to touch
you.
What
do you want?
To touch you.
I don't know that word.
You just said it.
So, what day is your
birthday on?
The second.
The second?
Yes, bitch.
Mahatma Gandhi was also
born on October 2nd.
This honestly sounds like me talking to
Siri.
I hope you are as peaceful as he.
I would loathe
to be stuck in here with
an aggressive human being.
Fuck you.
Listen, I
don't know if our relationship
can handle
this, you know?
Besides, what would the neighbors think?
Fuck them.
Fuck them.
Hey, why all the noise?
Your mama.
What?
Your mama.
Mama?
Nope,
I'm just fine.
Wait.
Sorry, I'm busy.
You don't look busy.
I'll friend your butt.
Are you coming
on to me?
There, there it is.
Two minutes
and thirty seconds later. Again, credit to
YouTube user EbolaWorld for that.
Totally just stole that there. But that's where that
joke comes from, the whole I'll friend your butt thing, which
is great. So, lots of
let's plays, I'm sure, coming.
If this happens to be true, which I kind of
hope it is, that would be great.
You know, we actually did
play the game to completion
and set our little frogman free.
And then Dan's like,
I wonder if he's still there.
Well, our
we still have our save files intact.
So. Nice.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check
out some release dates of some games coming
out a lot sooner than any
C-Man reboot.
You know, we could
definitely use a C-Man
reboot this week because all we have is
the Smurfs 2.
The official game.
Let's check Boogaloo.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
Wii, Wii U, 3DS, and DS.
You said Wii-Wii.
I said Wii-Wii U.
Alright, then I guess we travel to Japan.
That was quick. Looking at some of the
release dates in Japan. On the PlayStation 3
this week, quite a bit actually,
Dragon's Crown, Ketsuie,
Kizuna, Jigoko Tachi Extra
in regular and limited edition.
Majo Tohai Kihei comes out
as well in regular and limited.
Also, Race Driver Grid 2 and
X-Blade Code Embryo.
And, Zone of the Enders HD
edition gets a price reduction this week.
So. Lots and lots
of releases there.
Also, going to
on the Xbox 360
I don't think there's
really anything
on the 360. I mean, what did you expect?
Haha. Also, looking at
the PlayStation Vita.
Let's see. Dragon's Crown
as well as
X-Blaze Code Embryo.
Next Rev Aiken
and Dragon's Crown Famitsu
pack. Like a Famitsu edition
on the PlayStation Vita this week.
And,
looking at the, let's see
on the Wii U. The Wii U does
have Lego City Undercover, getting its Japanese
release this week. And, also
a new GamePad battery pack
which I think was reported on a couple weeks ago. That is
actually getting its release in Japan this week
as far as peripherals go.
Going to the 3DS.
Gaikuten Saiban
5 is finally released
from Capcom. And, that
is the Phoenix Wright game, basically.
That's the one with Apollo and all the
folks in it. Is that the one that's rated
M, I think I heard?
I don't think so.
For its release over here.
Well, anyway, that is out
in Japan this week and there's a whole lot of peripherals
to come with that. Fantasy Life
Link and Chibi Devil 2
Mahou no Yume Ihon.
To.
Is that? No.
No, not To.
Beast Saga Saikyuu
Gekutosu Coliseum
comes out on the 3DS this week.
It's a busy week in Japan. That's interesting.
Why? Hmm. Now, I've seen
that before somewhere, but I don't know.
And lastly, yes, there are still
PCP, or, PCP,
PSP games coming.
Daya no Kuni no Alice
Wonderful Mirror World. I wonder if that's
based off Alice in Wonderland type of game.
I'm sure it is. Or, Through the Looking Glass.
Like an anime to, oh yeah, see, look.
The Mad Hatter is a
sexy thing. That's the March Hare.
Well, the Mad Hatter is right behind him.
They're all sexy.
Like, you know,
anime style. And, Toki no
Keizuna Hanomisubi
Tezuri comes out in regular and
limited edition. And there's a twin pack as well.
Lots of games.
Not so many for the UK.
On the 22nd, we have RuneScape 3
for PC. On the 25th,
I have no idea how this
is supposed to say.
Rimmed Capsule. Is that it?
Rimmed Capsule on iPad, Android, and iPhone.
Shadowrun Returns for iPad,
Android, Mac, and PC.
And on the 26th, we have Pikmin 3 for Wii U.
It's over.
Nothing else.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys
than the classic game of the week. But first, Loki.
Okay, this is kind of ridiculous.
You know,
a lot of people
would say that the Xbox One
might be a little rushed, or even some of these
next gen systems. But,
there was some
news that came out
regarding Forza Motorsport 5.
Saying that the game was
going to require a one-time
download before it can be played.
And that they were basically
um, it's such
a crunch for
you know, time, that
they were putting the base,
you know, kind of the framework of the game together,
they're getting that press to disk, and then
they were going to be working
on the tracks
up until launch.
And so basically, you would
have to buy the game,
and then you'd have to download the rest
um, you know,
when you first put the game in the system.
So you would need to be connected to the internet.
Now,
of course, there's been some back and forth
about it. They said, you know, I guess
Turn 10's Dan Greenwald,
he changed his statement
saying that
the requirement
of a connection to Xbox Live before
playing is not the plan.
However, when or if the game requires
an internet connection for
single player content, it's still not clear.
So...
I don't know. Is that how they were gonna
I mean, that is getting ridiculous.
You know, now where these games ship
and there's not a whole ton of testing, and then they have
this day one patch or whatever that fixes some
bugs, which is fine. I understand that
I appreciate there is bug fixing being
done between, you know, mastering the disk
and actually launching it and stuff, but
when you get to the point where the game is
literally not done, it is
admitted to be
it is not done. The game is
not done, and now
they need to put it on
disk so that, you know,
you download the rest of the content later because
they want to hit that launch
window or whatever.
That's ridiculous. That is
absolutely ridiculous, and I'm sorry.
I just...
Is this why they wanted this whole digital
system in the first place, is so that
they could literally, you know,
ship unfinished products, but hey, whatever
you just download the rest later.
Is that how it's supposed to work?
Because what if you don't have an internet connection?
The game is fucking useless. Are they gonna advertise
this on the box that the game is gonna require
a, you know,
a connection to download the thing?
What's the point? I just don't understand.
That really sucks
for those people that don't
have the internet connection, which was a big
part of the push to get Xbox One
to reverse their policies to begin with. And it's not even
the internet connection thing. Let's just skip
the whole, like, people that don't have internet,
okay? Because a lot of people do have internet.
It's still gonna take
a long time to download the rest of the content
for that game. I mean,
you know DLC and stuff that includes
like actual new art assets
and stuff, or at least a few hundred
meg. And when you're talking that, you
know, let's just assume that
the majority of the tracks aren't on the game.
You're talking like a multi-gig
download that even on
a somewhat decent
you know,
somewhat decent
I guess bandwidth or whatever. That's gonna
take at least an hour
to download. Are you gonna really wanna have
to deal with that bullshit?
You know, that you have to download a big portion
of the game in the first place to
be able to even play the single player campaign?
I think that's just kind of ridiculous.
What if we even would do that?
I don't know.
And is this something that says,
okay, yeah, we're gonna have
you know, this extra
content that we're building up to launch.
Does that mean that later on, after it
launches, that they're gonna put all that content
onto the disc later on?
Are they gonna do that, or are they just gonna
say, eh, fuck it, or whatever?
I think this is
too much of the letting the
day one patch fix your problems.
Dude, if this game isn't ready at launch,
then don't launch it with it.
Launch it a couple weeks later. It's fine.
Because you're already gonna have games coming out,
so what if it doesn't come out day one?
That's okay. It's sometimes good to have things
a little later, too. I mean, like, you know, Infamous
is- The Wii U could've used that.
Yeah, Infamous isn't coming out day one and stuff,
and I just don't understand
why they wouldn't push it.
I wanna say that a lot
of release dates for games
have to do with money and advertising.
With advertising,
with deals
with distributors. I really
think that that's where a lot of it comes into. So they set
this date that may or may
not be realistic,
and don't want to violate that date,
so they go ahead and ship and keep
working on it so that they have the patches ready.
That's my thought on why they do that, but
I still- I would personally prefer
them to wait. They can ship the data,
but I understand, yeah, that people plan
ahead for advertising, but
it's- they're planning holiday
advertisements and stuff.
It's a little closer than now.
I mean, now is-
you know, that's quite a ways
away from launch. You know, whereas
holiday advertisements and stuff, they probably want to
nail that down maybe by September
or something. You know, a couple months out.
I just think that, you know,
it's not gonna be ready, and they know it
now. They know right now their plan
is not gonna ship the game complete.
That's a big problem
if you know that you're not gonna hit your launch
and you're already, you know, how many months out?
Just push it. Just push the game
if it's not gonna be ready. Now, the question is
are other games gonna be like this?
Are we gonna see the same thing with Rise
because they've rushed the launch
for this system.
Has Rise been worked on for quite some time now?
It doesn't matter. I don't care. I mean,
there's been games that have shipped
incomplete, you know, before,
so I'm just not-
I don't know. It's
disheartening, I guess.
But, you know, whatever, they're not gonna tell anybody
about it, so. Well,
I guess they did. That's kind of weird. They probably
won't tell the general public about it.
It won't be on the, you know, box saying
hey, you need to connect to the internet to play this.
It's all incentives. Alright. Well, here's
a game I'm sure they will have no problem delaying
until it's damn near perfect, although
I mean, sometimes this game gets bugs too.
There was a pretty infamous one
on the Wii release of Zelda.
And, come on, we all
know that there's gonna be a Wii U game
or a Zelda game on the Wii U.
We all know that's something that's gotta happen.
Maybe something revealed next year. Who knows.
And, Satoru Iwata
has come out saying, you know, we hope to reveal
this game in the not-too-distant
future. Quote,
It is true that Mr. Anuma's
see, I can never say this guy's name. Sorry.
Anuma's team has been working on a new
Zelda title for Wii U, but the only
announcement we have at the time of software that will
soon become available is Wind Waker HD.
But, they are actually working on an
exclusive new Wii U title in the Zelda franchise
and I hope in the not-too-distant future
we will be able to make the relevant announcement.
So, it's like, yes,
it's coming, but,
no. Yes, it's coming.
And, the demo is on the Wind Waker
HD disc. That would be
awesome, but, probably not happening.
But, anyway, what I really wanted to talk
about was an interview with
Anuma
who was talking about
the tired formula
of traditional Zelda games.
I might be kind of
embellishing that a little bit, but
here it is. Here's the quote in what he said
in an interview with LA Times. Quote,
It's not that anyone is telling me we have to
change the formula. I want to change it.
I'm kind of getting tired of it.
If I'm getting tired of it, then I'm sure other people are
getting tired of it. There's an essential Zelda
I feel we need to stay true to. We are
still testing things, exploring our options.
We haven't landed anywhere at this point. We're still
seeing what we can do. What I want to do, not
specifically with Link, but with the Zelda franchise,
I'm always striving to make something no
one else can. Something that is so
distinctly Zelda that it can only be done
in a Zelda game. There are times when I
hit walls and I can't come up with new ideas and I
think, maybe I should just give up and quit. But,
eventually, a new idea comes along and I'm proud of myself.
It breathes new life into the creative
process. I go through these phases
over and over again. I hope those high points keep
on coming. Alright, despite the whole
fact that he says he's getting tired of it, I
wouldn't read too much into that. I just would think
that the next game is going to
probably not necessarily
be quite like
Skyward Sword and Twilight
Princess and all that. It might have some
differences. But, we've already heard about that.
I remember a story about three, four months ago
that Skyrim was influencing
Zelda as well, a little bit.
Maybe something more open world?
I would, well, I mean,
Zelda kind of already is
pretty open world, the more recent ones.
But, I mean, maybe a little less,
I mean, the dungeons
could be fluid, but it isn't even like that
in Skyrim. I mean, you go through a
transition from open world to...
I used to be an adventurer, but I took a hookshot
to the knee.
Shut up.
I think what's going to be neat
is that, you know, Nintendo
is very passionate about the whole two
screen thing. And I'm sure they're
going to think of a way to really incorporate
the two screen thing into
Zelda and do it well. And if I knew
what that was, then I
would be making the new Zelda game. But
I'm pretty sure when we see it, we're going to be like
that's pretty awesome. And, you know,
how did Zelda work without this before? I think
they'll be able to do something with this.
Slidekick
is in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
and says, that's great news. I love
Zelda, but Skyward Sword was a step forward
in the right direction and they need to continue to
experiment with it. So,
there you go.
Hopefully we'll get more info on this soon.
But in the meantime,
let's go back to a more classic
era of video games.
I was really short. Let's go
to when Zelda 2 was
completely breaking the formula and some
people hated it for that. No, no, no. Let's go
earlier than that. Let's go even earlier
than that. Let's go to me being
six years old. Oh my God.
Is this a game
that was long like...
I had to stand on a step stool
to play it. Was it
Pong? No. Not that
old. Was it Space War? No.
Girl, please. Alright.
It's the classic game of the week. Dark Soccer's gonna
jump into her gaming vault and pull a game
out of her butt that she
framed. Ah! No.
It's Kangaroo.
I'm gonna jump right into it.
It was done by Sun Electronics
distributed
by Atari.
It's sort of
like a cross between Donkey Kong and Popeye.
You basically play a mother
kangaroo who has to rescue her baby,
her little joey. You go through the
tree tops and
beat up monkeys. I was not aware
that there were monkeys in Australia. Are there monkeys
in Australia? There's kangaroos in Australia.
But why are there monkeys?
They just run
the other direction. Okay.
My thought is that
they're really criminals because you know
that's how Australia was started. Yes.
I know the Australians love it when you point that out.
I think that
they're pink criminals.
So I'm gonna go with that. That's my head cannon.
You cannot convince me otherwise.
So you can punch apples and
throw them at
they
throw apples at you and you can punch them and
you
can knock down the monkeys with it. So
basically you go up ladders
through trees to rescue your baby kangaroo.
There are four different
levels and basically like I said
you rescue the joey
and you get apples thrown at you
and you get to beat up the mean monkeys.
You can punch them with your boxing gloves
and you can punch the apples
and you can punch other fruit. You just go around
punching shit. And then
you have to watch out for the big
ape who tries to take your gloves
away. You can't punch him if you don't have boxing
gloves. But I would just think
that a kangaroo could kick him in the face.
Cause I imagine that being kicked by a kangaroo
would really freaking hurt.
So
it's uh, the third level
is the different one cause the baby kangaroo
is um
actually being held up by monkeys
and you get apples
that uh
basically uh get sent up on
you for when you climb up there so you have to punch
the monkeys several times until the cage
is open. Punch the monkey.
At least I didn't say punch the monkey.
Never mind, that's rude.
So the music
in the background is uh like
old classical folk tunes. You have
the American Patrol
by F.W. Meachum
and Oh Susanna
and you have
Westminster Quarters where the bell
plays to and
Marcia Alla Turca which was
well
music inspired by that
by Beethoven so
anyway it came out on the
Atari 2600 and the 5200
which I have both copies of. The 5200
version is super good.
Never play it with a trackball by the way
because you will want to shoot yourself in the face.
Now
kangaroo
was actually involved
with the Saturday Supercade. You remember that Rob?
I actually do. 1984.
Kangaroo and Space Ace
replaced Pitfall Harry, Frogger and Donkey Kong
Jr. for segments on that show.
And so basically the kangaroos
were Katie and Joey
and they lived in a
zoo run by Mr. Friendly
and they were friends
with Sid the Squirrel
and they had to fight the
Monkey Biz Gang.
Which you know who won? Oh that's actually cool.
I didn't know that. One of the voices for one of the monkeys
was Frank Welker. They were Bingo
Bango Bongo and Fred.
You can actually get those on DVD.
That's kind of cool. I need to go get those on DVD.
So yeah. Kangaroo.
Fun game.
Now here's my
background story on this one.
Imagine 1982.
Six years old.
I'm in first grade.
At Godfather's Pizza.
Kneeling on
this weird stool trying
to play freaking kangaroo.
And I kept running
back for quarters because I was bound
and determined to punch those damn monkeys.
And I punch the monkeys.
Tell us more about how you punch the monkeys.
I punch monkeys all the time.
That's what they get for
throwing poo and yanking it
in the zoo. Monkeys are
nasty little bastards.
I love
monkeys. I love lemurs.
If someone
said, do you want a monkey or a lemur?
I pick a lemur every time.
Or a kangaroo.
I don't know what the hell that has to do with the game
but that's so funny. Monkeys!
Punching monkeys. There it is.
The Punching Monkey classic.
Kangaroo.
Available in arcades everywhere.
Punching monkeys.
Look for it where you can punch your favorite monkeys. Tigerclaw posted
up the intro to the kangaroo cartoon.
There you go.
But you know what? Nothing is as awesome as punching a monkey.
I stand by
my monkey punching. There's your classic
game of the week. At least I didn't say
donkey. I was waiting the whole
time for you to make a donkey punch punch.
Anyhow. I wasn't going to say it
but I did anyway. Let's take a break
and Dark Soccer
has got to go punch a monkey or two. When we come back
with more of Orange Lawn's radio. Do you have
monkeys? Lots of responses to the
question of the week. No, just a cat and you can't
punch her. She doesn't like that. I will punch
her by petting her. And
the mail bag, maybe. I don't know. There were no
emails in there this morning when I looked.
And your phone calls
when we come back with more of Orange Lawn's
radio right after this break.
Stay tuned.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Is my mic off? Hi.
Thanks to our
friends at gamefood.org for that
bumper. Appreciate it.
Sometimes I wish we
did a tape show like they did so that way
I could cover up all those screw ups when they
happen like I don't have my mic on.
That's the second
time you've heard that bumper. That's because
we're not getting
any more bumpers from our listeners.
Shame on all of you. So you should
definitely send us some. Check the
forums over at vognetwork.com
and you can send us a bumper. And
you can tell us whatever you want. Use your voice
here on the program to tell
us whatever. We have a lot of people
giving their voices to the FUGL
question of the week here in a little bit. But we'll
play that. We'll get to that in a
little bit here. But first we have some
rapid fire news we've got to go over.
Loki.
Alright. Let's talk
a little bit about
the awesome game that is Saints
Row 4.
And there was some wonderful
news that came out from a panel at
Comic-Con
actually. And they were talking a little bit
about some of the scrapped ideas that they had.
Originally the end of the game was
going to have a Bollywood dance number.
Which...
that's awesome. Outstanding. Outstanding.
The only problem was
it wasn't possible for them to
do that because of the cost.
By the time they figured out which
Bollywood
song to license
and also
doing all the choreography and stuff like that
and the motion capture. It was just going to be too
much. So they just couldn't
end up doing that.
Although I'm sure the ending
of the game is going to be awesome.
Apparently though they said that there's some really interesting
details in the game. They're kind of calling it
they're joking that
Saints Row is about the arts.
And I guess they have one of the in-game
radio stations where the
evil alien guy
Zinyak. He's
actually reading a bunch of different classical
literature including
monologues from Shakespeare and
even the entire first chapter of Jane
Austin's Pride and Prejudice.
Spoiler alert!
I will not be listening to that station.
I've been listening to the dubstep dance
as I
always do.
And probably flipping
between that and the 80's station because I hear the 80's
station is pretty awesome. Will you listen to your dubstep
while you use your dubstep gun?
No!
Assuming that I can fire
that out the window, yes.
Most likely, no.
I can't leave this.
I can't wait.
It's not much longer now, right?
We're getting to that point of the year. It's getting closer.
What is today?
July 21st.
We're like five weeks away
from Final Fantasy 14
Realm Reborn.
That's going to be a tight schedule.
Alright.
So I guess here's a positive.
Xbox One is also going to support partial
download support.
Or I should say partial download play.
Meaning that while a game is being downloaded
you will be able to play
the game thanks to the cloud.
Cool. When the cloud works.
When the cloud works.
Final Fantasy 7 is an indication, though granted
the servers are not even
run by the same company.
Perhaps you have to level up
cloud so that he has his limit break.
Limit break is cloud saving.
No, you get the limit break at level one.
You get to use limit breaks in the beginning of the game.
Where have you been?
Alright.
Uh oh. Troll comment in our chat room.
Not really, but live.vognetwork.com
I'm going to read it anyway.
MaskedBishop in our chat room says
I'm still trying to figure out the selling point
of the Saints Row series. Loki?
It depends which one you're talking about.
The original Saints Row games were kind of like a
Grand Theft Auto. In fact
Saints Row 1 for me was
Hey, Grand Theft Auto is on the Xbox 360
I'm going to play this game. And it was fun.
I think kind of the last few
games it's just been so over the top
and ridiculous that it's entertaining.
And Bobby is informing me yes
You can listen to the radio anytime because it's cyberspace
and the radio stations are injected directly into your brain.
Awesome. So yes, you can listen to the dubstep
while firing the dubstep gun.
Hooray.
Well let me say this. In my experience
with at least Saints Row 3
Saints Row is good
for the same reason that This is the End
was good. It's fucking ridiculous
and dumb as hell, but you can't help
but laugh. Like it's just over the top
stupid. It's beyond over the top.
Yeah. And some of the things in that movie
were just ridiculous
but I laughed. Like it was so funny.
It's not. See Grand Theft Auto
is trying to take itself like kind of
like an Oscar movie I guess where it's
very well done. Grand Theft Auto is a little
ridiculous in itself. It is a little ridiculous.
Some of the things you can do. But they're definitely going
along the lines of realism. Like the amount of
detail that they have in the game with the whole
like stock markets and
you know just all the stuff you can do in the game
it's you know they're going
one way with Grand Theft Auto. Whereas Saints
Row is like kind of going the completely opposite
direction. They're just like hey you know
be fun as if we have super powers. Are we going to explain
it. Whatever. He's in the matrix now
OK. They're done. OK. Sweet
You know hey we're going to have a gun that fires
dubstep.
Whatever. It's just ridiculous. It's supposed to be
ridiculous.
And that's the whole point. I mean if that's the type
of game you want to play then play Saints Row.
I honestly think it should play both because
they're both awesome. I will be playing
both. A lot.
So much so that I'm probably not going to get
PlayStation 4 now. Maybe.
BlackWolf and TimTrip
are having a conversation in our chat room about it
and BlackWolf says Tim
Saints Row 4 is basically Grand Theft Auto meets
Crackdown meets Over the Top Humor especially
with their version of the Crackdown orbs.
Oh. Alan's here to give
comment. Hi Alan. Hello.
Just want to say because I beat
Grand Theft Auto 4 all the way through just a couple weeks
ago after the insanity of GTA
3 San Andreas which there was a lot
of crazy stuff in that. A lot of people thought
that 4 proper with
Niko Bellic was too dry. Oh yeah. It's very
bleak and just super serious. Well did you
get to, did you play through the Valet of
Gay Tony? No. I'm only like an hour into
Lost and Damned.
Ok. When you get to Valet of Gay Tony it's kind of like they're trying
to bring it back towards San Andreas.
And I think honestly that was
like the best as far as like playing with the weapon
set and stuff like that. It was the best. And then
I guess you can tell already from the gameplay trailer
for 5 that they realized that they
don't want to turn the dial up to Saints
Row crazy but they need to have
more over the top
stuff in it I think.
They're just giving you more freedom without
going crazy with the stuff that's in there.
In San Andreas wasn't there like a big wheel? Like it
wasn't mod you could just drive a big wheel around?
I don't
remember. It's been a while. You could like parachute
off buildings. A lot of crazy stuff and then 4
was very
very bleak.
Captain Spike in our
chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says
I want games to be fun. Games and
all. Not really here for Grand Theft Auto's 4
story wants to be an Oscar winning movie
bullshit or whatever. It was fun. You just don't
play the main storyline. Who cares?
Once in a while I'm ok
with Oscar worthy video games
though. Like you know Journey is like a Night of the Met.
Seriously Saints Row the 3rd is fun. It's pretty
fun. There's a little bit
of repetition when it comes to some of the activities
and stuff but I think Saints Row
the 3rd was fun and Saints Row 2 was actually
pretty fun so Saints Row 4 sounds like
it's going to be a lot of fun too. Alright let's move on.
We got to rail a little bit. Did you just say your thing?
No no I haven't done that yet. Last
but not least they're trying
to bring back
sort of a spiritual successor
to Police Quest.
It's actually being done by the same creator
Robert
Lindsley
I guess and he
is trying to kick start a game called
Precinct and right now their funding
goal is half a million dollars
and
so yeah
apparently I mean the game is going to be very similar
to I guess
the Police Quest series and
if you're looking to get a game similar
to that then maybe you should try
backing this. Right now as of recording
they are up to $50,000
actually close to $51,000
still a ways away from their goal but they have 25
days left so there is a
chance and some of the concept
art looks actually pretty sweet. It's all
like first person you have like the patrol view
and stuff like that so
looks like it could be pretty cool.
Okay.
And I like their precinct funding
chart here. They said our campaign
they're you know $500,000
awesome $600,000
awesomer $700,000
mega awesome
$800,000 plus badonk.
Alright
well hopefully this movie will be pretty
badonk but the first signs of
the World of Warcraft movie
was shown at Comic Con. The teaser
trailer unveiled at Comic Con
but here's the thing the movie doesn't have any
stars attached yet so there wasn't really a
lot to show but the teaser did
have a mix of live action and computer
generated effects.
It was out in a desert field and had an armored
human warrior that drank a potion and
drew a sword just before battling
a hammer wielding orc.
Of course as we all know Duncan Jones
who did Source Code and Moon and
also importantly as David Bowie's son
is helming the Warcraft
film. It's supposed to begin
shooting in early 2014. I'm assuming
that means released in probably
2015. Can Bowie
get like a monarch
you know position in the movie? I would love
that. I would love that. Perhaps the
king of the goblins? I think
I think the reason why he
goes by the name Duncan Jones is he doesn't
want to be in the shadow of his dad though so
I would I would really really
be surprised if David Bowie turns up in this
at all. And maybe he can
you know do a little dance magic
dance. Now by the
way this clip is not on the internet
for us to see. I don't know if it leaked
out to YouTube. I'm sure it's out there somewhere
but Blizzard has said there is no plans
to release the mood piece that
was shown at Comic Con. That was only for
Comic Con and not for public
consumption which I'm actually okay with
because again it's not
real footage from the movie so to speak
because there's no stars attached yet or anything
so interesting though that it's a human
versus an orc
the movie is also just called Warcraft
it's not called World of Warcraft
so I'm wondering if they're taking it way back
like they might be taking the story way back
to like the original humans versus orc story which
is alright. As it should be.
Yeah I think I think fans would be
forgiving if that's where they want to go with it
so. It used to all be about Sylvanas
and all that.
Moving on to some other quick news
here.
Oh yes some voices
being crowd sourced here
for Oddworld
Abe's Oddysee New and Tasty
If you would like
to have your voice featured in the game
as a Madonkin
you can be in the remake
there. You just have to record in a
microphone there a few phrases
and you make a Soundcloud account. Make sure things
sound fine. Don't have a lot of feedback
in the background or whatever. It's over on
the official blog Oddworld.com
and you have to get those in by
Friday July 26th.
But you could have your voice featured in the game. I wonder if I should
send something in. I think that might be fun.
I could use the recording equipment here.
You have to say such things as
I'm pulling up the blog here. Some of the
like
it was very simple stuff. Some of it was like
ow. Ogg.
You know things like that.
Yeah. Which of course now it's not coming up
but anyhow.
Let me try one more time.
This link here might show it.
Live radio
of course. There we go.
The words to say are
hello, okay, laughing
giggling, angry hissing,
pain grunts, death screams
and bonus points for providing some sound
effects for the wildlife of Mudos.
Birds, scarabs, elumes, etc.
Just
get on the microphone. I'm a bird.
Make strange noises
because somebody is going to have to listen to it.
Is your mic not on Dark Sakura?
The chat room is bitching.
Oh you were muted.
Damn it Rob!
That's awesome.
That was totally my bad. Sorry Dark Sakura.
That was not awesome. That was lame.
Boy we're all sorts of broken here at OLR tonight.
Sorry about that.
Anyhow, Dark Sakura
I have a new story to make it all better.
Alright, so here's the deal.
Capcom working on what
they're calling a major IP for the Nintendo 3DS
it's called Geist Crusher.
It's a multiplayer game where you're going to
fight monsters known as Geists
or G-A-I-S-T-S. Geists.
Here's the thing though, Geist Crusher
co-developed by Treasure.
So there you go. The announcement's
on Treasure's website, treasure-inc.co.jp
so
Capcom and Treasure are coming
together for this.
So did that make it a little better?
I might be a little tingly.
Alright, then why don't you do some news
with your now newly on mic.
Yeah.
Thanks Rob.
Well in other news
it's actually not pulling up.
Great. Oh yeah, Valve
while they will not give us
a Half-Life 3 yet
they are
Because they don't love you.
Oh, they don't love somebody.
So
they are actually
working with
the
modding community.
So they're
basically
Come on thing. I'm sorry
it's my iPad being stupid.
So basically
they are doing the Half-Life
campaign as a co-op
and it's going to be put on
for free and it's going to be
available through Steam.
So that is at least
something new, right?
And it's the Sven co-op
as a standalone game.
In other news
this makes me super happy
there's an Adventure Time game
It's actually
going to be out
in the fall
on PS3, Xbox 360, Wii U, and 3DS
and it's called Adventure Time
Explore the dungeon because I don't know.
So
I'm super, super, super
excited. I like Adventure Time.
And last
but not least
this actually makes me super happy
Lego Marvel Super Heroes
has new characters to add to it
including
Stan Lee
Howard the Duck
and Squirrel Girl. I love Squirrel Girl
because she kicked the crap out of Thanos
and Doctor Doom and did it legit
through the power of squirrels.
So yeah, also included
there's Doctor Doom, Jean Grey
What exactly is the power of squirrels?
She talks to squirrels. Her power is control of squirrels.
And she can speak squirrel language
and she also has sharp teeth and little claws
and a big bushy tail and she can climb
up trees.
She also can kick anybody's ass.
Apparently Squirrel Girl cannot be defeated by anybody.
And she's also Jessica Jones' nanny.
So that makes her super cool.
But yeah, also
confirmed is Doctor Doom,
Jean Grey, Elektra, Magneto,
Silver Samurai, The Punisher, Beast,
Gambit Storm, Green Goblin,
Juggernaut, Rhino, The Thing, Vulture,
Sabretooth, and Invisible Woman.
So we also
will have
Coulson in the game.
And you have a pre-order exclusive
The Iron Patriot and Deadpool.
So there you go.
There you go.
Alright, let's go to the foogle question
of the week. Which, oh my gosh,
this is one of the most popular ones we've ever asked.
There's so many answers this week. I don't know what to do.
Alright, let's get to the foogle question of the week.
You take Facebook
and Google, you slam them together, you get
foogle. And we ask a question of our
Facebook and Google Plus communities
every week here on the show. And it's
foogle. And I
knew the news about
Strider was going to make Dark
Sakura very happy. And Dan, we talked
about that in part A. I feel all squishy now.
So I wanted to ask a similar question of the
listeners tonight with the foogle question of the week. And that is
what long dormant series would you
like to see make a comeback? And I said
listeners, you only get to pick one to try and
keep the answers a little bit short tonight.
There are alone
like 23 answers on Facebook.
Should I read them all? That's a lot. Do eat.
I'm going to read them all quickly.
I'm only going to read
like little bits and pieces. If I don't read the entire
answer, I'm sorry. You'll just have to go
read them for yourself. Facebook.com
or Google Plus community.
Guess what? What? You're not really sorry.
Alright. VX JasonXV says
bust a groove. But
this also means it will probably end up a
connect, move, or wiimote dancing game.
Bust a move. Move.
Well, it depends what country.
Unfolded Raptor says
new Gex game. Even if it's not
Gex 4, just a really nice reboot.
Rob
himself says a remake of California
games because he played that to death
on the Sega Master System along with Strider.
James
S says I want a new entry to the Soul
Blazer saga, but I'd settle for a remastered
Soul Blazer Illusion of Gaia
Terra Enigma trilogy for my 3DS.
That is a fucking great answer.
I'll have you know. I would love
that too. Jeremy J,
our buddy from Koopa Club says Mega Man.
See, here's the thing with
Mega Man though is that although Capcom
has been really, they've just
been dicks about it to an extent.
Like, at least
there was Mega Man 9 and 10
and those weren't that long
ago all things considered. And
the Mega Man and Smash Brothers thing, now
I admit, I as much as the next person would
like to see a new 3D Mega Man Legends
or just like in a Mega Man 11
in the 2-bit style or you know
kind of like a 2.5D kind of
Mega Man game I think would be awesome, especially maybe
on like the Wii U or something, but
I don't know. Mega Man's not
as
it hasn't been as horribly long
for Mega Man yet as some other games
I can think of like on the Nintendo and so forth
but. Like I don't know
the Guardian Legend. Yeah
right. Seriously? I don't think anybody
answered Guardian Legend to which I
say all fail. All these people are wrong. Yeah
so it's unfortunate that all of our listeners had to be wrong
tonight. Alright
Gaming Nerd said a new
Alex Kidd game. He's been featured
in Sega collections but never a new game
or a remake of his own. It would be nice to
see Alex Kidd come back wouldn't it?
DJ Rama S says
one of the most underrated and underappreciated fighting
games, Rival Schools.
Yeah I love Rival Schools. Zether
says Gradius. Konami's kept it locked
up for far too long. But didn't we
have Gradius 5 just a few years ago?
Was it really that, not that long ago?
I don't think it was that long ago.
William Murderface says
a sequel to Darkwatch. It would be
Halo but with vampire cowboys.
That'd be cool.
Fifth Dream says I was talking about Section Z
and would love to see it make a comeback.
Kareem J says
Streets of Rage 4. Thanks.
Loco Poco
says I'd love to see an Ill Bleed
sequel. It was a great mixture of horror and
camp.
Nikki E says Streets of Rage.
I still keep coming back to that game series.
Code Man says Mega Man Legends.
Rich B says
not really a series but I've always wanted to see
a follow up to Midnight Resistance on the
Sega Genesis. Midnight Resistance is a good game.
Yeah, I'll be. Especially
something kind of like really off the radar
like that. I think I've done it for Classic.
You probably have at some point.
But still I mean
like he said in the answer
there was never a series there, just one
really good game that we want to see something
else with.
Raginator says Samurai Showdown series
provided that an update stays true to the
original five games, 2D and Pixels.
They actually said that they were completely
closing the series off after five so I don't think that's happening.
Bastards. We'll open it back
up.
Let's see. Edgar R says
a new duck hunt.
This time the dog dies.
Gamer Girl says
even though this isn't a series I'd love to see Kid Chameleon.
I love that game. It's a good pick.
Chiggers says Altered Beast.
Yeah, make it
better this time too.
KNIM says Secret of Evermore.
I'd be happy if they released it again on anything
but Square doesn't want my money evidently.
Yeah, Secret of Evermore kind of gets
crapped on because it was the Square
USA title and it wasn't really part of the
second Detsetsu series. It was like a spinoff but
Secret of Evermore had some neat stuff about it.
Did you know that that was one of the first soundtracks
that, what's his name, Jeremy Sulay
that guy that does the soundtracks for Elder Scrolls
and stuff? He did the soundtrack for Secret of Evermore.
It was one of his first games ever. He was probably like 19
when he did it. How's that game?
I think Secret of Evermore
was really shit on when it first came
out but like I think Time
has treated it well and the whole like
you know it wasn't as bad as everybody
made it out to be at the time. It just wasn't
a second Detsetsu game
really even though they kind of tried to make
it one.
Pika Uno says it would have to be
the platform that got me into gaming in the first place.
Commander Keen would have to
be 2D though.
Dark Tetsuya says with the resurrection
and Capcom Arcade cabinet, how about
a sequel or something to Black Dragon slash Black
Tiger? I want to say Magic
Sword was a sequel to it but there hasn't been another one
since that. Maybe they could implement Oculus
Rift support.
Tim Tripp says
Free Space? I'd just like to see the
return of the epic space combat genre.
Anomalous
Underdog says Vagrant Story.
I even thought of a name for it. Vagrant Army.
You know we used to call that fragrant story
because it stinks.
No, I know it's not bad but that was the
joke at my house. SSG100 Matt
says really? No one's going to say Chrono Trigger or
Chrono Cross? It's long overdue.
Slidekicks says with the upcoming
release of DuckTales Remastered
I'd love to see the return of more of
Capcom's classic Disney platformers.
Like a modern tale on the adventures
in the Magic Kingdom. It's a fun blend
of different games with a flawless Disney theme
and I think a new version would even be more
immersive. As long as it was more like
Nintendo Land and not so much like Connect Disneyland
Adventures which was sadly a big flop.
But here's the thing though, is that Connect Disneyland
Adventures kind of was Adventures in the
Magic Kingdom. I mean, they
really were the same type
of thing. It's just that Magic Kingdom
was out when you were a kid.
So it was like, you know, it held up
a little better than Connect Disneyland Adventures
did I think.
And lastly on Facebook, Shane says
Rising Xan. It will
leave you with a theme, and I'll leave you with a
theme song because that should be enough
to spike some second hand sales of the game.
How can anyone not love this? It's a Ninja
Cowboy.
Rising Xan was a fun
game.
I'm gonna skip ahead a bit.
I'm gonna skip ahead a bit.
I like the idea of a Ninja Cowboy.
But not as cool as the Ninja Pirate.
Uh, let's see. Anyhow,
going to Google Plus,
of which there's only four answers, but
Retertainment says Skate or Die.
That was a fun one.
Biz says Pokemon Snap.
Travis H says Shining
Force. Ooh, this is a good
answer. Act Def says Uniracers.
That game was awesome.
What?
Get out.
You know what was kind of a sequel
to Uniracers was Excite Truck
in a way. Like, the same type of thing with the stunts
and everything, mid-air and all that. A little bit.
A little bit. Alright.
Lots of great answers you guys,
except you all failed for
not mentioning the Guardian legend. Get out.
Honestly though, the Uniracer
or Unicycle should come back
as a Smash Brothers fighting
character. Yes.
It'd be pretty sweet. It'd be awesome.
Well I suppose if Sega can have Daytona
cars fighting, then we can have a fighting Unicycle.
That's right. Or at least as like
a power-up or something. Like Princess Peach can ride
the Unicycle around and do tricks or something.
I don't know. Alright, let's get back
to some more news. Loki.
Alright.
So they're doing this really
interesting promotion
I guess. It's Ouya's $1,000,000
Free the Games Fund.
They're boosting Kickstarter games.
Or Kickstarted
games I guess. So what's
going to happen is I guess between August
9th and August 10th
next year
any
or I guess a game will
qualify as long as it's achieved its
minimum goal of $50,000.
And Ouya
will match the total raised up to
$250,000.
So I'm guessing this is going to be
quite limited if you're
going to only have a million
dollars to shuffle around
and
you're going to pledge with
$250,000.
Also I guess the
game will receive an additional
$100,000
if I guess it's
one of the most
successful Kickstarter projects
to take part in the Free the Games program.
I believe
that the trick
with that, there is a big
but, you
need to have your game
exclusive for the Ouya for six months.
So
that's the only
drawback I guess.
That's cheating.
But hey, free money.
Money's good.
I don't know.
Money is always good, of course.
But don't they have to fix some of these other
problems, like their customer service and so forth first?
God, that's what I suggested. I'm like, hey, you know
the problem is
that you don't have enough games on the system.
Although more would be good.
More would be good, but I don't
think you're going to get, I mean look at this.
I understand that games
have budgets and stuff like that and
they can be quite expensive, especially if you have a team of people.
But
I don't know, for like an indie game, I would think
like $100,000 is
quite a bit. I mean
especially if you're talking like a small team of people.
And that's a
lot of money.
I think, I don't know. But even like
let's say if we're going to take the high
end here and you have $250,000
so a total of half a million dollars
for
a game, I mean that's quite a bit.
I mean it'd better be one hell of a good
game. I mean there's some pretty decent
games on there right now, but
I don't think any of them cost half a million dollars
or even $100,000
to make.
Alright well moving on
to a little
quote about a spinoff for
a very well received game from this year.
It has to do with the Tomb Raider series.
And Gail Simone,
who is a comic book veteran.
She is awesome.
What kind of other stuff is she doing? I don't follow comics.
She's the only, one of the only reasons I ever
read anything DC on purpose.
She did
what did she do?
Birds of Prey.
Even I know what that is because that was a CW show.
But
she is probably one of the
best female comic book writers
out there. Awesome. Well she's teaming up
with publisher Dark Horse
to work on a Tomb Raider comic.
But what caught people's attention was this quote.
She said quote,
In continuity it will be a Tomb Raider canon
and lead directly into the sequel.
This is what got me excited.
We get to be part of Lara Croft
history. Well they haven't
announced a sequel to Tomb Raider.
So this quote kind of
grabbed people's attention. Although
I mean let's be real. It would make
a lot of sense. Like you didn't
expect a sequel. Exactly right. Like the game
was well received. It did perform under.
Well but we all kind of
looked at that quote in the beginning and kind of went
really? Really with that
quote? Are people just pulling this way out of context?
A? Why not
A plus?
That's right. Well
plus I would think that if they're
going to make a sequel it's going to
likely use a lot of the same components
that were in the original. So like I'm saying
they don't have to necessarily reinvent the wheel
with a sequel. They can carry over
a lot of stuff that they did with the first game.
I mean granted they'd want to do bigger
better and all that other stuff but. How more
can we kill her more?
Right. But I would
think that you wouldn't necessarily maybe have to
put the same financial
investment into it
necessarily. So maybe you could
still get bang for the buck.
And maybe make up for this
perceived lack. Although
I don't know. Again
I still think it seems like the game's
done well. And I'm sure it sold a ton of extra copies.
What was it? Eight bucks on the steam
sale this week. And I'm sure there were a lot of people
that snapped it up for that. So.
I've had a lot of fun playing it
Some other comments from
Gail Simone. The storytelling in the game
hooked me instantly. The biggest difference
is the game told a claustrophobic
story in an isolated setting. We are
going globe trotting.
So maybe if there is a
sequel. If this ties into it.
It'll be more Laura exploring
rather than the whole you know escape from
you know Death Sentence Island.
She'll be seeking the legendary
elusive art thief
Carmen Sandiego.
Alright.
So. Anyhow.
Exciting that. I mean.
Although I think a sequel to
Good Game is a bit of a duh. It's still
exciting to hear that. Speaking of franchise
reboot. Carmen Sandiego.
I heard about
this. PBS has been teasing this
right? No. I was just saying they should do
a sequel. No. Like for real. Like PBS
on their Tumblr or Twitter
these things was posting these things
about like. No. No.
Actually no. It wasn't PBS. I think it was the people
that owned Carmen Sandiego or like her Twitter.
But like I think they're doing something where they're gonna
play the old game show
things again on PBS.
Somebody in chat can help me fill in the gaps. I just remember
picking up bits and pieces of this on Twitter.
But like I think they are setting the stages
for a Carmen Sandiego comeback. So it's funny that you
bring that up. Cause like. No. Legitimately
there's something to that. You know what would be
funny? If you
Where in the world is
Carmen Sandiego would have worked in the 80's?
But imagine like having
that now. People be like well just can't we
like do GPS and use CCTV
and all this.
Yeah we found her in 5 seconds. Oops.
Send a drone.
Or more like
What country? Where's that?
I've never heard of that country.
China. What is this? Oh stop.
Alright.
Roo that's made up.
You're
so ignorant. Alright Dark Soccer
what do you got? Stuff.
And it's not Carmen Sandiego.
It's about Atlas.
Basically Nintendo. Well you know
Atlas filed for bankruptcy and everyone's
worried about a
particular series of their Shin Megami Tensei.
Well Nintendo is buying it.
So we may see a Persona 5 Wii U.
Yeah you made a noise.
I'm sorry. Sorry no I was laughing at chat.
Sorry. But yeah.
Atlas kind of
screwed themselves.
But Nintendo seems to
be grabbing the hot one.
Because you know all the fans that was what they were
worried about. What's going to happen with a
Persona with a Shin Megami Tensei.
So it looks like Nintendo is saving the series.
I thought this whole
bankruptcy thing wasn't supposed to be this big of a deal.
And now here we're talking Nintendo's
snapping up
IPs? Yeah.
How did things go from A to Z
like that? Well they've already been working with
Nintendo in this series because remember the crossover
with Fire Emblem?
It was like if you have Shin Megami
Tensei 4
there had a
crossover promotion with Fire Emblem.
So if you had both of them you get like
$30 eShop credit in North America.
So
that was a big thing. But I think that
there's a
they're developing Shin Megami
Tensei cross Fire Emblem
for Wii U. So I think
it's gonna be
I think it's gonna
definitely be... I would be something
can you imagine if Persona 5 was a
Wii U exclusive? Now that's
that'd be a pretty crazy
grab there. Yeah it would be. But it's
smart. It's smart move.
Oh yeah.
Just real quick off
this is we were talking about Karma San Diego a second ago.
So I pulled up that article
that were on my LinkedIn chat and they were talking about
different things. And then at the very bottom of course it said
that
Shirlene Theresa Lynn
Thigpen the one that was the chief
on the show. Oh yeah she passed away. Yeah she passed away
in 2003 and stuff. But what I found a little bit
disturbing is on
Wikipedia it actually shows
where the resting place is. It tells you
which cemetery she is buried in.
What? There's a lot of Wikis
that do that. Wikipedia has that on a lot of
articles. That's kind of weird. Yeah no a lot of articles
say that. And then there's this whole other site
like there's a whole site dedicated... This is where they
are buried I think. Yeah there's a whole site dedicated to
like celebrity tombstones. I actually
I don't know if I should
mention this in the show. I have friends
that like do that. They go
visit them. Like when they go to L.A. they'll go
to the famous people. And I had
a friend that went to the Pacific Northwest recently
and went to some of those tombstones that are out
there. And you know I don't like
I don't know it's to
me I'm like no thank you not my thing
but they're not hurting anybody
it's all a sign of respect. You know
that's why they put tombstones out there so people
can go pay their respects and so forth
and you know my friends do this all tastefully.
But yeah there are websites
out there that have all the links to this stuff.
There's also
websites that display
famous death masks.
Because there's actually still people today who do
death masks.
For anyone who doesn't know what those are basically there's
a plaster cast made and then they're cast in
bronze or sometimes
clay or different things. But
the death masks are basically
the faces at death once they're
you know ready to be buried and saved.
But there's people who still do death masks to this
day and there's websites that have all the modern death masks.
So I'm going to have one done.
Do Walt Disney have one done?
I don't think so. I plan on having
one done though. Really? Isn't that expensive?
No. I know
how much plaster and stuff costs.
Yeah but you can't do it yourself.
No but I have. Rob how many artists
do I know? That's true.
It costs a lot to join that.
What did it call the Neptune Society or whatever?
The people that'll dump you at sea.
I told
my funeral
is going to be Jewish
and easy. Pine box
buried 24 hours later.
No embalming. I've already
mentioned I want to be flung out of a cannon
at my work building during the lunch
hour. That's all I want. We actually discussed what
Dan wanted today. What we're doing is we're
putting him in his 69 Mustang Coupe
loading it with explosives
pushing it off a cliff and blowing
it up in mid air. Awesome.
So Genki style
and Roger Corman style.
Fancy.
Yes. I am having
a Jewish burial and an Irish wake.
Are you calling us unoriginal?
Yes. Alright moving on
Loki. So
Harmonix is due some
sweet sweet money.
And that's because Viacom
they lost their appeal.
Which you know there was a whole lawsuit
I guess that they had owed
Harmonix some
money. And
that includes now
$299 million dollars with
interest.
So good for Harmonix.
That should fund some extra
tracks in Fantasia.
I guess now
it says Harmonix is
law firm estimate or estimates
including another dispute I guess
the company has for a total of
$533 million dollars.
That's a sweet chunk
of change.
Maybe that change
can go to making 3D versions
of all their old games cause that's what some
companies do. Although a 3D
amplitude would be pretty sweet you gotta admit.
But Sega is
jumping on the 3D bandwagon. We kinda
knew this was coming cause there's been hints about
the 3D Sonic already. But
Sega did make the official announcement that Sega
classic 3D titles for the 3DS are
coming to the west. So this isn't
just you know virtual console releases
they are redone in the 3D.
I wouldn't expect a whole
lot more. I mean that's
really it. Like I don't think they're going back and redoing all the graphics
or anything like that so don't get your hopes too far up.
But you will be able to experience
3D Altered Beast, 3D
Echo the Dolphin, 3D Galaxy
Force 2, 3D Shinobi 3,
3D Sonic the Hedgehog, 3D Space Harrier,
3D Streets of Rage, and
3D Super Hang-On. I think that should look
pretty cool considering that you know
some of the 3D converts we've seen so far have been
NES titles and now these are like 16 bit
so. 3D Space Harrier
is gonna be sweet. I like
3D Kid Icarus was really
cool. Like they didn't change a
lot but it was just like it was very subtle
like they added the backgrounds
very subtle updates that
made it really cool. Like I like that
one a lot. But like some
of the 3D remakes were a little silly
like 3D Wrecking or no not Wrecking Crew
with Urban Champion or whatever that was
a little silly. But yeah it'll be
cool to check out a couple of these
I don't know about 3D Altered Beast like
I don't... Wise Fumio
Grave. Like people remember
that epicness from the arcade when they were a kid
and stuff but like I played through the game recently
it's really not that good. It's really
not that good. But 3D
Sonic will be cool even though it'll be like the
17th time I've played Sonic.
But 3D Space Harrier. Yes I'm here for that.
Welcome to the fantasy zone. Get ready.
I'm getting ready.
My body is ready.
Are you in the fantasy zone Rob?
Yes. Alright are you in the mailbag
zone? Do we have you? Yes we have two.
We do have emails tonight. Woohoo!
Two whole emails. You can email us
too. Mailbag at orange
lounge radio dot com. Well great I better
pay attention cause I have no idea what these are about tonight
I didn't get to read them in advance. Well this comes from Brad
our pod culture Brad. Hi
pod culture Brad. At the end of part A
you guys said there were not any emails
yet so how about a kitty pic instead.
So they sent us a picture of his kitty
pat on the screen. Oh
that's adorable. Hi kitty.
Gee cat.
I'm gonna get to meet Brad in
five weeks. Kitty unfortunately cannot check in for points
for the VOG network cause kitty does not have
a cat phone. I am super pissed at my cat.
Why? Because she's trying to chew
on my 3DS charge cable.
And every time I move it out of her way
she's like uh uh I'm gonna get it.
Meow.
You need to buy her a shoestring or something.
I have toys for her. She plays with all of
Shermy's toys cause Shermy's too fat and lazy.
But except I won't give her
Shermy's mousy. But
you know what this house that we're looking at has a
cat door in it.
Hee hee. Nice.
Next email. Hey it's
Ricimo. I haven't called
I haven't emailed or called in like forever
but just a quick thank you for all your hard
work and dedication to your craft and to your
fans. I've been listening since I first
heard about you guys on Joystiq.
We were on Joystiq. We were on Joystiq.
When the hell did that happen?
Oh.
Uh
yes they used to do like a weekly
podcast thing and I think we were
featured once. Actually
I remember Playstation Joystiq
site did a really
nice write up on OLRPSP.com
some time ago. That was really cool.
And I want to say
probably when the whole
when the whole Katamari
thing happened years ago that was probably
on Joystiq. The president cat
thing was written up on I think that hit
a couple blogs and Joystiq was one of them too.
So it was a while ago. But I know Ricimo has been listening a while.
So yeah I guess we have got a few mentions.
Now we need to get Gaga Hamster.
Yes which by the
way just the Glamster
was what we were going to call it.
Kuma JP bless his heart did
do some research on Glamster
and they don't have a Twitter it seems like.
But he did get us the website.
It's Bergsala-lightweight.co.jp
So
that's
I mean so there's the official site and they actually have
a website for the Hamster game
which had a
very long Japanese name that I'm totally
mispronouncing. But DarkSakura decided last
week to simply call it Glamster which is a
fantastic name for it because it was
making the hamsters pretty and putting
them in pretty situations and so forth and we're
like why can't this game be out here. It's like the pretty pretty
princess of hamsters. So I wanted to bombard
their Twitter and try to take another social
media campaign like we did with President
Kat to its
horrendous success. But
but
no luck. There's no Twitter to bug
them through. But we'll
keep trying.
Of course you remember the
Katamari debacle of yesteryear.
I haven't missed a single episode and felt
the need to say thanks for getting me
through so many work days. I love you all.
Thanks once again. Sent from my iPhone.
Well that was very nice.
There was no questions or opinions
or I mean opinions. I like nice
emails. Thank you. That was just a good old fashioned
thank you. Especially
there was only one missing comma.
This is
quite pleased. Well and you're
welcome and thank you for that.
It's always really
awesome to see things like that. You get
an invisible gold star for awesome.
Yeah I got to say I so appreciate
the small gestures
people have done to just kind of say
thanks for all our like you know
code man got me Borderlands
too because I was bitching about wanting it last week
and he was kind enough to get that for me. That means
a lot. And I got a trading
card I wanted just because somebody
had it and was like hey I like
all our here have this I know you need it
and didn't expect anything in return and I was like
that's all. Even though those cards are only like 18
cents still it's just like the gesture is like
oh my god it's awesome. Usually the small gestures
I get are lewd.
I got a wiener for you DarkSakura.
Oh Slidekick found
our article.
Some Google foo.
About the president
cat. There you go. Oh he found the
he found the article from 2007
that was about O.L.R.
P.S.P.com I believe. This is 2009.
Which apparently no there's another
article look at the link there
that fixed info on DarkSakura
I wonder what they
said about you that was wrong who knows.
Anyhow.
I have to see this.
It's an old article. And I'll tell you what
probably updated it the last
time they ran that article.
You know actually I'm getting
the emails from GoDaddy
to renew OrangeLoungeRadio.com
which you know obviously that'll happen
even though we really need to do something
with that website to modernize it a little bit
and get it away from the hackers
but O.L.R. P.S.P.com
is up for renewal and I'm questioning
if I should renew it. Probably not.
However you can still
I feel like there's people that'll be pissed off
if I let it go. No no no no no no no hold on.
I just had a Facebook
comment the other day. You can still access it
by going to OrangeLoungeRadio.com
slash P.S.P. Oh okay.
So.
Alright then I feel better letting it go if that's
going to be the case. Yeah cause in fact I'll
still protect this real quick. You have such a cute kitty
Brad. Yeah I'm pretty
sure it's slash P.S.P.
I think that actually
yes yeah see if you
OrangeLoungeRadio.com slash P.S.P.
Okay well that's cool. Then then yeah
I might let O.L.R. P.S.P.com lapse
if there's still a way to get to it.
Alright. A lot of these pages
don't work anymore. Ranma secret message
send me some. I will.
Alright.
Tiger Claw says
why not change O.L.R. P.S.P. to a mobile
site. No.
Yeah I kind of feel the
same. It's like that's a lot of work to maintain
and I think a lot of the focus right now
is also on building VOG network
is kind of like the central hub and making that
bigger and better. The network's okay on mobile.
Yeah and that you know I think
the next step at some point for VOG will
be a mobile app but that's
you know in the
future. Ways away.
Don't get excited about that. Long
ways out. You'll probably see
it'll come out around the time Zelda's
finally out on Wii U.
Alright.
Let's see.
That's it for e-mails right?
Yarr. If you want to send us some
e-mails mailbag at orange lounge radio
dot com. That means it's the time
in the show when we do the FUs
of the week.
My
FU goes to this
cough that will not go away.
The conditions of some of the houses we've
seen because there were like burnt
carpet and cat pee smells.
Some of these like the HUD houses
oh my god it's so bad. And then
another FU just to the housing industry in
general because it's
really like this weird
huge mungus
legal ebay game with
houses. It's a pain in the ass.
But we found a cute one.
The conditions seem
favorable. Not gonna get my hopes
up too high but keep your fingers
crossed for us. We found a good one.
And
Rob it has
perfect accommodations for a new studio.
Nice.
I'll keep my fingers and my toes crossed.
Loki.
Just fuck you because I still don't have
a fixed controller yet even though it
sort of seems like it's going on the right track.
I thought the same thing back on July
1st and
look where we are now. So fuck them.
That's it? That's it.
My FU goes to the fact
that I can't follow through things on
things that I say I'm going to do and
convince myself that I'm going to do but then I'm just
like, but you
can't really do that even though you probably
should. Go to the gym Rob.
It's not even that I'm talking about actually.
I could put that on the list.
As one of many things. You should go to the gym
with me. I can't because you don't go to the same
gym I do. Yes I can.
I can get guest passes. Hello. You gonna switch?
No I can get guest passes.
That would work like once or twice.
And then they'd try to bully me into joining and I don't want
to join because I like the gym I've got.
Ours has got a heated pool.
Alright. Anyhow.
Back to
a couple more news stories in the
Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
So
I guess that Namco is
prepping a HD
version of Soul Calibur 2.
Soul Calibur 2 HD Online
coming to Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3
this fall. I'm assuming
it's a download title because I haven't seen
anything on here that says that
it's gonna be
released at retail.
I know I haven't heard of anything yet
about retail. But uh
yeah apparently the game
is gonna be
closer to HD now
and the outputting at 720p
um
I don't know.
Neat.
I'm assuming that the special characters aren't gonna be in the game.
He probably can't get spawner.
You know obviously Link's not gonna be back
because he was only on GameCube.
And Heihachi.
Yeah.
So no Link.
Yeah well yeah because that was GameCube.
So I don't know.
It's bad it's not coming to Wii U.
Yeah
that would be nice wouldn't it.
But you never know. I mean you never know.
I'm kinda not getting my hopes up.
Yes.
Yes it does. Be quiet.
Stop trolling.
Alright well one more news story for you guys
before we open up the Skype line and uh
I gotta say this is a really
crazy idea but I totally love it.
It's a site called
All You Can Arcade
and you can visit it at allyoucanarcade.com
In a nutshell
it's basically trying to be like a Netflix type thing
for arcade cabinets.
Yes it's a business where arcade
rentals are the focus.
For $75 a month
but we're talking cabinets people I know that sounds expensive
but basically you can
cancel your membership at any time
or whatever you sign up for this
and you can have 1, 2 or 3
games brought to you
and you can swap them out for a different one in stock
or whatever. Now it's only
in certain areas because they bring
the games to you which is pretty amazing.
It's only available in the San Francisco Bay Area
Stockton, San Jose, Sacramento
and Sacramento. Yes Sacramento
has it. So if
Dark Soccer wanted to do this or whatever
And I have a job now. Can we check this
stock? And they're saying
in order to help scale the business we're partnering
with other arcade coin operators and have our
have set our website up so that anyone who
owns a game can become an operator by listing
photos of their games for rent. They can also
set how far of a territory they're willing to cover
on their route and our system will automatically
find visitors who live within those zip codes
and match their games with local homes and offices
that want to rent them. This is actually aimed
at private collectors too
which is crazy.
I mean it's very ambitious.
I should probably share that with Dan's
pinball group. Yeah I mean
I didn't see if there were actually
but yeah some of the cabinets they have on here
most of them are old stuff but still
you know bad dudes
Ms. Pacman looking at the site
which we're totally just giving him free advertising
here but whatever it's a neat
idea and it's really taking the Netflix
thing to the next level isn't it? I love the totally
fake picture though. Oh yeah
these little gals playing in the game
and having fun. And the little black dresses and heels. Dude
versus Goonies that's awesome I want that.
That's cool.
Where can you view what they have?
All You Can Arcade dot com. Yeah I went there.
Signing up and
Oh you can actually browse games available in my area.
Wow. Where? I put in my zip code here
just in the upper right corner. Okay.
Bad Dudes, Berserk,
Donkey Kong, Galaga,
Golden Tee. This isn't all
of them I'm just looking at. Heavy Barrel is a good one.
Silkworm. Yes.
What? Silkworm. Dance of the Revolution Extreme.
Ha Ha. Get out
really? Yes.
Oh my
God there is a DDR
machine. But you were just looking at area.
Oh yeah I was
looking at area. This is looking at Sacramento.
It might not be available in your area necessarily.
But
still that's the type of game they're willing to
rent. One might show up Loki.
They need a 2DX on that list. Oh boy.
I will rent it forever.
Alright. Yeah I may
have to hog that if I actually. Hey if the idea
does well and I just totally gave them
free advertising. Dude
I would totally just want to buy
that. It's kind of neat.
So anyway. There you go.
That's it. That's it for the stories we had on deck
tonight. So we're going to open up our Skype line if you
want to give us a call. 1877
Game OLR. Our username on Skype is
JoshLoungeRadio. If there's something you want to talk about tonight
that we haven't brought up. We'll get to Twitter topics in a minute
here. But first some last minute stories.
Darsakha I think you said you had one tonight right?
I do and I seriously thought I'd put it
in my stories and I
didn't. So this
goes out to all the homestucks.
Basically Hussey. Oh God. Shut up.
Basically Hussey is
going to be working with Namco
doing a dating sim.
The game is called Namco High
and it is a fictional
crossover high school that all
the Namco characters are going to.
So it's yeah date high school
sim and
so basically
it's going to be Namco
character shipping the game.
Like everybody does with Homestuck.
So we're looking at characters from
Xenogears, Tekken
Idolmaster
Bites and Kratos so
here
we go with Pac-Man. That sounds weird.
I'm totally getting it.
That's weird it's like that one sim that they had
where you date like birds.
Oh
Hat's a Full Boyfriend.
Alright let's go to the phones.
Hi you're on Orange on a Treaty who's this?
It's the one and only Rama.
Rama how's it going?
Good good. I just got a
brand new mixer on Saturday.
Oh congrats. So we're going to be hearing
even more high
fidelity anime jam sessions soon.
Either that or lots of margaritas.
That'll happen
provided Junami doesn't knock the desk
over. Don't invite him to your house.
I told him he
had to sign a release form first.
In Junami's
defense he came over on the 4th of July and didn't
knock anything over. Good job. No
he actually needs to come back to the show.
It's been far too long.
That sounds pretty cool.
Well congrats on your new mixing board. What else is up?
Not much
but I want to
stand behind Loki
and join him
in the lynching of
Uya because I have my own issues when it comes
to gaming customer service and
I was just close to literally
losing my shit on Facebook and
Twitter before they got
back to me.
Why don't you air your grievances here?
Long story short
I bought a headset
by Astro Gaming because I played
them at PAX East last year and I
loved them. So what happened was
there was a short in the headset or
the mic was dead. After
waiting for the perfect time to pack up
everything I pack up
the microphone, the headset and the mixer
because I was having troubles with that too.
Sent it out. Two weeks later I get
a brand new mixer
a brand new microphone
same headset. And I'm looking
at the new mixer and they're telling me the battery
that I had works for it but
the new mixer doesn't use the battery.
There's a couple extra connectors on there
I can't even use my optical out because they
change that. So I'm like whatever
I can work with it. I can still do my
podcasting and the music and so forth.
Plug in the mic. Everything is working
well. A week later
the mic starts shorting out
again. So
I contact them and I'm like
okay what they're probably going to do is send me a
new kit. I pack up everything and send it
back. They're like no we need you to pack up
everything. Send it to us and we'll send it
back to you. And I'm like
I use this for every day. I can't be
without it. They should say
okay we'll send you a two day
UPS label.
I'm like you're not helping me here.
So I
end up going on their Twitter, their support
Twitter asking for help. I go
on their Facebook asking for
help explaining everything
and I actually went as far as when I was
at PAX East this year speaking to our
rep at their booth to get this taken
care of. Wow that's dedication
to the cause. I packed
up all my equipment took it down.
It's because I actually like
the quality of the equipment. It's just
their customer service sucks. And
every email I get back from them
they don't
have everything commented back. I've been sending
an email. They keep responding back with
the original complaint on the open
ticket. I'm like are you guys not
reading this? I'm sending them
specific information about what's going on
and how I want the situation resolved.
I get a generic response
coming back. Friday I
check Twitter. I get a private message from
their support saying they're so
sorry since nothing has happened.
No one's gotten back to me and it's been
30 days. I get in my email
an actual phone
number where I can call them and talk to them
and explain the whole situation.
Wow.
But did that actually fix it finally?
Not yet because this past weekend
I took a semi sort of sabbatical.
I just stepped away.
Just did my own thing. Tomorrow
I'm going to call and just get this
taken care of. Because like I said
the headsets, the mixers.
The stuff's really good. I can't complain
because I use it for podcasting.
Listening to music. Gaming on
my consoles. But when it just
comes to support it's just like it lacks
and people's defenses.
They're mostly an online based
company. You're going to
be able to only contact them via email.
I'm like no. There are other online
companies where you can contact them not just through
the forums. Support. Email.
Phone number. All that stuff.
Sadly I think there's a few too many companies
willing to cut corners on customer service
and it shows.
Yeah.
Alright well anything else. Any other grievances
you want to air on tonight's OLR?
That's it. I'll just say this. If you
buy this, buy it from Best Buy.
Get their service plan.
It'll save you a lot of frustration
and hair on your head. Fair enough.
Alright. You take care Rama.
You too bro. Alright. Bye bye.
Alright. Always good to hear from our buddy Rama.
Anime Jam Session Tuesday nights here at
The Voice Eagles Network. Totally.
We wait for more calls at 1877
Game OLR or our username on Skype
Orange Launch Radio. Loki do you have anything for last minutes?
I don't have any last minute stories
but I'd like to once again
because I threw around this idea on
Twitter and now I think I'm going to move
forward with it which is
the Loki's 24 hour
total noob game jam
basically an experiment
because I've been going through this whole
game making thing and actually just
reading up a lot on programming
and unity and all that fun stuff
and now I just want to get my hands dirty
with it and so
the experience basically
I'm going to spend 24 hours putting the
other game. Now obviously unlike
regular game jams I don't have enough time
to sit. It's not 24
consecutive hours. Yes. Hold on because our
phone's lighting up. We'll come back to
your thoughts in a minute here but let's go to
the phones. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio
who's this? Hey hey hey
it's lokilives46. Hey it's
say that again it's
lokilives46
lokilives46 but
no relation to rloki?
No no no unfortunately not.
I guess it is a commonly
used name from. Wait where did you
get yours? Yours did not come from
like Thor or anything. Yours came from
the mask. I'm a fan of Jim Carrey. The mask
way back when right? But some people
Yes yes I was originally
it's actually a bit of a persona
I've taken up. Oh.
Yeah it was a very
mischievous little brat. Wait so yours is
inspired from the mask too?
Absolutely. Wow.
You guys are kind of like distant cousins
distant cousins or something. Alright.
Well I won't make you talk about your name anymore
loki2
or loki46.
What's on your mind tonight?
Just sort of
clearing up the discrepancies here but
I'm a bit of a
tech geek myself.
Well so are we. You're in good
company here at the Voice Geeks Network. I think we're all
a little nerdy.
Anyways how have things been going for you guys?
What's that? How have things been going
for you guys?
Fantastic.
How are you doing
DarkSakura? That's what the listeners want
to know. How the hell are you? I want this house.
You want this house that you're looking at?
She's house hunting. I'm longing.
Yes. But I'm employed now so
that's good. And our loki is full of
gummy bears but he just ran to the kitchen real quick.
Those gummy bears
I pity his poor soul right now.
Fine. What you're not a gummy bear fan?
What's up with that? No
it's just that high concentration of sugar.
I'm allergic to them. No I already
ate some of them but
there's no way I'm going to eat a ton of them.
They'll seriously make me feel sick.
Alright fair enough.
Anyways I'll let you guys get back to it.
Okay fair enough. No games you want to talk
about tonight or anything? What have you been playing?
I've just been crazy busy
with work so I haven't really had a chance to.
Well you better
get on that last
day of the steam sale. Last chance
he gains at a discount put all that money
to use.
Oh my wallet doesn't like those steam sales
I'll tell you that much.
Alright buddy well thanks for the call you take
care. Yeah you too. Alright bye.
He just
called to ask how the hell are you?
Alive and kicking.
It's hot. It's very courteous.
Yeah it is a little hot isn't it? It's not even
like one of those. It's getting hot in here.
I'll make sure the AC is on while
I think it doesn't. Aren't you guys cooking a pizza
or something? Oh yeah he's making a baked
potato or something. Yeah I see.
I'm sure these walls are really insulated
with the oven beaver. Yeah sorry.
Alright well while I make sure our AC
is at full blast
so it's not 24 consecutive
hours. Not 24 consecutive hours because I just can't
I can't get that amount of free time
anymore.
So it'll be 24 hours total but it's
kind of cool because what I'm hoping to do
is actually have some well
I want to live stream it
we'll see if that's feasible or not depending on
where I actually have to record and the times and that
kind of stuff. I would like to live
stream. At the very least it's going to go up on YouTube
and I want some sort
of interactivity with that
so obviously chat room
will be involved and
I want to actually have polls at different parts
you know during it
like the first is going to be I think
you know what concept should we go
because I can make anything so
what are we going to make you know
I'll come up with like a couple ideas
and then maybe people vote on it and we'll go from
there and then later on as we get more
into it and hell I don't know
if I'll actually create a game in 24 hours because I've
never made anything before but I think I
can do it. I love how you're doing your game jam
I've never made a game before but I'm pretty
sure I could do one in 24 hours. Maybe
I don't know.
We'll try it I mean look at hell
I watched a video where someone made a game in 3 minutes
I mean it can be done it's just it's
going to be a good game
It's like the noob night
that Bobby and I keep talking about for
Borderlands 2 except your noob night is
programming. Yeah I think it'd be fun
I just kind of want to do it so yeah
as Bobby suggested make a poll on the
forums so yeah I'll start off with doing that and we'll
do updates in there and stuff
and see where it goes
because I think it'd be fun. I think you should try to make one
of the OLR dream games. No no see I knew you would
say that I knew you would say that but here's why
I don't want to do that because I want to make if I'm going to make
one of those it's got to be a good game I don't want to make
my first experiment at like something that's going to suck
one of those
games no offense it's just you know
I'd rather do it when I'm able to make something
a little bit better you know
it's a dream game after all we're not going to like just
crap out something. Fair enough
you want to make sure that it's
the time is taken to get it right. Besides I have a lot of
really crazy ideas for things
I mean all sorts of silly
things. Alright let me quickly
go to some tweets at twitter.com slash
OLR looking at
a few tweets here s2100
Matt tweeted us about going to
EA's NHL 94 anniversary
mode party in New York City and
he actually took some footage that he posted over
on Facebook and yeah I saw
that earlier in the week and it looks pretty cool
I like how they put that mode in there
to kind of you know with the stars under the
player and all that to kind of go back to the classic
and I heard EA
didn't really like him taking some of that footage but
I'm glad his rogue footage
made it to Facebook after all.
Tigerclaw sending us a couple tweets
Oculus Rift is planned for PC
and mobile but consoles not a focus
which I suppose would go
a ways in wasn't there some
rumor about Playstation 4
getting Oculus Rift at some point I want to say
right around E3 there was some wank on that
Honestly it can support any platform
it's just it's HDMI inputs
it's basically
it just has to output that display and it
can work with pretty much anything so
well
actually no I take that back it's a little bit more complex
than that but yeah I think they said consoles
that you know one time and
obviously if it has native support for
Unreal 4 you know
both consoles can run that
and
you know source and I'm not really sure what
other engines are going to be supporting it natively
but more and more are
supporting it so I wouldn't see why not
Alright also Tigerclaw
letting us know that a new side scrolling Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles game is coming in October
Activision
talked about this in a press release it's based on the
Nickelodeon version of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
You know they're doing a new movie right? Yeah I knew that
With Megan Fox
Yeah I heard about that
Pass
Also lastly Spazinator
on Twitter wants to know after the
show is over anyone up for a game
of Left 4 Dead 2 or if not
Left 4 Dead 2 then Civ 4
I'm up for a game of driving home
Here's the thing well I would play Civ
5 but not on Sunday night because I got to go
to work tomorrow you got to catch me on the weekend
and you got to book that shit in advance
but yeah sadly
I can't tonight because Alan and I have errands
to run after the show but I will invite
the other listeners if you want to play some Left 4
Dead 2 which is a game a lot of people own on Steam
go meet
Raginator or Spazinator whatever he's called
go meet him in our VOG Network group
and get a game going he wants to
kill some zombies with you have fun
Alright
Well I guess that's going to do it for our Skype line tonight
and I
guess it's going to start to do it for the end of our show
It's starting to get really hot in here you
guys it's been a hot day in Sacramento
and then we're running the oven right now because
I guess Alan started dinner so it's like
I think it's time for us to wrap
up and get on out of here so sorry it was a little bit
shorter of a show tonight but we'll be back next week
to do it all over again
Won't we? Yay
I guess
and you guys will hopefully be here too
at live.vognetwork.com
I guess
But before we end the show we have to go around and give everybody's
final thought
DarkSakura your final thought tonight
Um
Words
Loki your final thought tonight
Uh
I wonder how long it's going to take me to get all those
coming bears
My final thought is
I'm going to need to really convince myself
not to buy Rogue Legacy
while it's at least 20%
off during the Steam sale and I was holding out
for a deeper discount or
else I'm probably going to end up buying that later tonight
because I do want to get that I've heard a lot of good things about it
Damn it
Damn you Steam sale
You should have gotten Little Inferno Damn you
Or do you have it? I still might you never know
It's fun Rob
Alright well
Good luck to all of you and try not to spend too much
money on video games don't forget to pay your mortgage
or your rent
Have a good week everybody we'll be back to do it all again next
week if you enjoyed Orange Launch Radio please
tell a friend or five about the show
Even if you hated tonight's show but you made it all the way
to the end anyway congrats on you
Please continue to support independent broadcasting
and all the people
that work hard and do this stuff for free
and just bring
bring gaming news and gaming discussion
and positivity to the gaming world
at least mostly positivity
right? Once in a while there might be some
I guess rants and things but
you guys are awesome
we love our listeners we love the OL Army
and our family here and we hope to see you all again
next week have a great week good night
You've been listening to Orange
Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios
to join us for a live
show tune into
VoGnetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific
9pm Eastern
The views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or
VoGnetwork but you know
they were all still true
See you next week
you
