Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, July 28th, 2013, self-publishing will soon be a reality on the Xbox.
A report is in on Gluya Game Tales, which might surprise you.
And we get more insight as to why one fan-anticipated game was canceled.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this July the 28th of 2013, episode number 514 of our show.
We're here to talk to you guys about the latest and greatest in video gaming.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Well, I don't know. My voice decided to die just before the show.
That's not good.
So I'm going to have some more of your delicious coffee.
Mine's hurting a little bit today too, which we'll talk about in a minute.
So did you do it with the wrench in the Billard's room?
I'll talk all about that in a moment.
But say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How you doing Techmaster Loki?
I'm getting full though. I still have another burger.
Another burger to down.
Oh yeah, that's right. You've ditched your fries in favor of two burgers.
Well, not today. I actually wanted to get fries today just because I was a little hungry.
You're being a little bit of a piggy today.
But they're good fries. Usually they're not good fries.
It's kind of the Russian roulette of drive-thru fast food, I guess. McDonald's fries.
Alright, and of course we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern
at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And when you do listen to our show live, you can check in and show that you're participating with the show.
I did just turn those on. Sorry, I'm lagging a little bit tonight.
You guys might have to carry the show a little bit tonight. I am pooped.
I had a super long weekend this weekend.
We don't want to know about your poop.
I may not have gone poop all weekend. I've been that busy.
Are you that uptight?
Sounds like a personal problem, Rob.
Well, here's the thing. As Jamie referenced a minute ago, last night was the big clue show.
And I'm sure those of you that do listen to Understation Live here at the Voice of Geeks Network,
you've probably heard Jessica talking about it, and I've referenced it too.
That was the big show last night, which not only was the show, but all day leading up to that show.
And then all week leading up to the show and the Saturdays before that.
But the show went really well, and there was a really large turnout.
A little larger than I honestly would have expected, just because a clue doesn't have...
I mean, a lot of people love that movie, but it doesn't have that same Rocky Horror Picture Show thing going on,
or even Repo, the genetic opera, and some of the other cult movies.
It doesn't really have that base built around it, but I think last night kind of showed there's more of a desire for that.
So that was very exciting.
So there was that, and then this morning, my buddies Captain Spike and First Mate Slidekick,
and Tim from Crystal D were all here, and they graciously let me guest on Game Buoy podcast.
We used the studio here to do that.
So I've already done one three-hour podcast today, so now there's this.
There was Clue yesterday, there was...
It's like I had Friday off of work and it still wasn't enough, because I kind of want to call in tomorrow.
Yeah, me too.
Aren't you starting your job tomorrow?
Yes. No.
So yeah, I took a Tylenol PM last night, which I don't usually do, and so I'm feeling really groggy today.
It's like I can't kick this grog thing I've got going on.
So I've just decided during tonight's show, you know what? Fuck it.
I said, Alan! Alan! Do we have any wine?
He's like, yes, we have like four bottles. What do you want?
I'm like, I don't care. I want wine.
I don't know what it is, but serve it to me in a Coke bottle.
Exactly. So the wonderful Alan is over there right now cracking open a bottle of wine for me so I can have a little bit of a celebratory drink.
Because it was a really kick-ass weekend, I will say that. I got to see a lot of people last night.
Honestly, I host the thing too, so usually I'm up there on the stage kind of greeting the audience, getting everybody going.
And I felt like, and I don't usually, I'm usually the first to be self-deprecating about myself and joke about my thing,
but I actually think I did a really good job of my improv last night.
And so it actually kind of made me go like, wow, why don't I do this more often?
And I'm like, oh yeah, I have a three-hour radio show every week where I get to kind of practice the speaking skills a little bit.
So there you go. Oh, Alan, you rule. Thank you so much. You want to say hi to listeners?
Hi, listeners.
Thank you. Mmm. This first sip of wine is for all you guys. Delicious.
Is it sweet and fruity?
It is extremely sweet and extremely fruity. You want a sip?
Sure.
Okay. All right. Let's see. I was going to, oh yes, entire, entire, what?
That's actually really good. It tastes like candy.
Isn't it?
It actually tastes like sweet tarts.
It's great.
Doesn't it?
It's from a local winery. We actually drive out there to the winery. It's only about a 30-minute drive.
Next time you go grab me a bottle. I'm serious. I'll pay you for it.
Get you addicted. Tiger Claw on our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And Tiger Claw says, Rob did something he hasn't done in ages. He shaved. That's right. I am a beardless.
His legs are smooth.
No. I'm beardless for the first time in a couple of years, I think at this point. So, I mean, I used to, like for most of my twenties, I didn't have a beard.
The last time you did it was for Rocky, wasn't it? Or for Repo.
Yeah. Rocky or Repo. One of those. But again, last night, Colonel Mustard, who I was playing in the movie, only has a mustache.
So I took it down to my porn stash yesterday, which the minute I walk out of the bathroom, Alan goes, Oh, Freddie Mercury, I love your work.
I'm like, fuck off. So I shaved off the mustache last night. So now I'm clean shaven again.
The show must go on.
Yes. I want to break free. Anyway.
Was your makeup flaking, but still.
But anyway, so I'm trying to grow back at least some scruff for GamerX because I'm going from one busy weekend to another.
GamerX is next weekend in San Francisco. We will not be here live because of it. I'm sorry. Sorry about it.
But I won't be back on Sunday night for the show. So unfortunately, Studio OLR will be closed on Sunday.
So look, you get a week off to do whatever and, Dr. Soccer, you can come feed Sanrio.
You know what? GamerX would probably just be like the ultimate dream of any convention because I don't know.
Well, just would be fun. You love gay men and women. You love video games.
I'm expecting that there will also be more bathed people.
Yes, I'm hoping for that, too. So it's going to be a good time. I can't wait.
So, fabulous people, fabulous games, and no con-funk.
You know what they need to do, and this goes for pretty much any con, and I know it might annoy some people and stuff,
but they need to have, what was it? Oh, what the fuck is that place now?
The place with all the stinky fucking shit. I keep wanting to say Bed Bath and Beyond, but it's not Bed Bath and Beyond.
It's Perfumania. God damn, I don't remember the place now. Bath and Body Works, there you go.
You need to have a booth there because their stores fucking reek, but they reek of flowery stuff, not con-funk.
So you get them, you put them in the middle of the con, and then it just kind of averages itself out.
I was there at the AX that people were passing out hygiene bags. It was the last AX I went to, by the way.
Anyhow, this is important to say. GamerX is not just for gay people. It's for everybody.
It's just, you know, it's an all-inclusive event. It's for everybody, and I think it's going to be a good time.
I am co-hosting, co-being on a panel on Saturday. I think it's six, it's five or six. I can't even remember at this point.
You're co-paneling.
I'm co-paneling Podcast Cross Zone with two guys from Game Buoy, two guys from Koopa Club, and one guy from Game Bar.
And we're going to just be talking about podcasting, and it'll be great. Tigerclaw in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
I wonder, is there going to be any live stream happening at GamerX? Probably, but not by us. We have no plans to do any live streaming.
I don't like to live stream from cons because hotel Wi-Fi is really unreliable when there's so many people on it.
I believe either the Koopa Club guys or the Game Buoy guys are going to be putting some of that panel in their show.
I know it's being recorded. I don't think we'll use it on OLR, but I will certainly point you in the direction of those recordings when they're posted.
And whatever else comes from it. Stay tuned on Twitter. You can follow me on Twitter. Twitter.com slash S-K-I-E Sky.
And I'll be posting lots of tweets from the weekend. So I'm looking forward to it.
And hopefully no time on all PMs next weekend, so that'll be good.
All right. I don't know what else to talk about here at the top of the show. Does anybody else have a kickoff topic?
According to Loki, I'm crocheting a rainbow penis cozy.
She showed me something that looked like, you know, a little, almost like a mitt for a finger or something like that. I'm like, oh.
Middle finger cozy.
There's a picture on my Tumblr.
Oh, there you are. All right. Where's your Tumblr again for those who don't know?
Kurotsubasa. K-U-R-O-U-T-S-U-B-A-S-A.
All right.
What's recognized by FemShep?
No, that's mass affecting.
Oh. Eh, whatever. It's okay.
Hey, my blogs are cool.
All right. I guess we will get into how was your gaming week and the types of video games that you have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
I haven't touched Mass Effect again for a week. I know. I know.
I'm playing Animal Crossing. I'm playing a lot of Animal Crossing because I'm trying, since I'm starting work next week, I'm actually trying to save up a lot of money.
You have substituted one crack for another.
No, I'm gonna be-
You've taken crack from Peru and substituted it for crack from Bolivia.
You just won crack for another.
No, but I'm gonna be going back to- I'm gonna be changing my livestream night once I'm out of training because I will be working on Thursdays.
So, my streaming will probably be earlier in the day. Probably, I have to make sure it's pre some show or something like that.
Speaking of livestreaming, Bobby wanted me to throw a plug out here and this will be fun. He will be livestreaming Saints Row 4 on August 14th is the day he's gonna do that.
That'll be exciting.
I believe it's a Wednesday.
So, yeah. Well, I'm probably gonna finish my Mass Effect 3 stream just because I've beaten that game 27,000 times.
Actually, no, I think I'm on my 20th playthrough. So, anyway.
So, yeah. I will be finishing up with that if I can keep it from lagging from the high res graphics that I plugged in.
I don't know why it's doing it. My computer is more than capable of handling it, so.
And then I'll be announcing that when that starts back up on masseffecting.tumblr.com. Plug plug.
And in the interim, I am actually making stuff for video games.
I am going to be making little slip pockets for a 3DS. I will be making them in XL size.
And as soon as I have everything set up, I will be doing, I think my first batch is gonna be in Tetris fabric.
So, if anyone's interested, talk to me.
Fun.
Yep. But, yeah. Animal Crossing. And pinball.
What kind of pinball? What games?
The stuff in my house.
You need some pinball games for your 3DS.
I need some other games for my 3DS. Well, we borrowed Fire Emblem from George.
But Dan wanted to play the previous Fire Emblem first, so he went and bought that.
There is another game going on in my house, and that is Phantasy Star Generation 1. The Sega Ages 1.
So, basically I have been replacing all of the music in Animal Crossing for the updated Phantasy Star.
So, everything sounds like combat from Phantasy Star in Animal Crossing. It's been very, very weird.
Alright. Let's move on then. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Didn't play a whole ton this week. Just a little bit of Borderlands 2.
It was a few hours. I got all my cards in one sitting.
So, I played up through level 9, and I just got the Sanctuary.
So, that's my fourth time playing through this game, I swear.
Because I played through it on console. I played through it on the Xbox three times.
So, it's like, ooh, I've already done this before.
But, yeah, I'll do that. Yeah, I totally hacked the crap out of the game.
It's what I do. It's my easy mode.
Your hacking your games is like me modifying my Mass Effect.
I do it all the time. What else? I think I did play Super Meat Boy a little bit this week as well.
I think that's it, though. I have Shadowrun Returns, because they finally sent me the code from Kickstarting that.
So, I did get to download that. I haven't played it yet, although it looks fun.
In Video Game High School, Season 2, Episode 1 came out this week.
It was fantastic and long, because now they're all 30 minute long episodes instead of 5 minute episodes.
It was between 6 and 15 minute episodes last season.
It looks interesting. It's cool. I didn't get a chance to download their high frame rate version yet.
But, the trailer was kind of neat, how they have 48 frames per second for the video game stuff and then 24 for everything else.
But, it's entertaining. And they've had a lot of cameos in there.
There's already been a Stan Lee cameo and a Cliffy B cameo already in there.
Oh, so that's what that guy's been up to.
Yeah, he was a judge for something. It was cool.
Alright, well my gaming week. Quite a bit of it's been documented on my livestream channel at twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts.
Right after the show last week, I checked out Rogue Legacy because I said I was going to do that because it was the last thing I wanted to pick up on the Steam sale.
So, I did pick that up and I was really impressed with that game.
I played it for about an hour, an hour and a half on the thing.
And then I played it again later in the week and it's a lot of fun.
It's kind of like one of those Metroidvania type of games, but the castle each time you play is randomly generated.
And when I say each time you play, I mean each time you die and you come back as somebody else.
Because that's the whole trick in Rogue Legacy is that you revive as the descendant of the last hero that you played as who will have some very different and unique traits.
Such as they might be more of a paladin who has a shield.
Or they might be somebody who's a giant.
Or they might be somebody who has turrets so they just randomly have a little cupid's swear cloud that comes up.
Or somebody who has, they start to do some interesting and a little bit controversial ones.
They have one with dyslexia where all the letters when people talk will get switched around like randomly.
And the vertigo one was a pain in the ass. That's where the entire thing is flipped.
So like you're walking on the ceiling and all that. Oh my gosh, that thing ticked me off.
But yeah, a lot of fun because you collect as much gold as you can when you go to the castle.
And you can buy power-ups that all the future people will get to use.
But in order to go back in the castle, you have to give up all your gold on hand.
So it really is about get as much gold as you can, make the next hero a little stronger so he can get further, he or she.
Get as much as you can, make the next hero stronger and so on and so on.
And each time it's random. Although at one point you can hire somebody, like I think it's an architect they call it.
And the architect will allow you to keep the same castle as the last generation but you'll only get 40% of the gold.
So it's really a brilliant little trick in the game. I really liked it a lot.
I was going to say, you'd be a lot better at the vertigo levels if you played more Strider.
Or if I turned my monitor upside down when those came up.
Or played a lot more VVVVVV.
Yeah, right. Or just don't pick those guys moving forward, which is my plan.
Because you get to pick from which one of three descendants do you want to play as.
And so no more. I did the vertigo one for the LOL on the feed when I was broadcasting.
But no more of those. It's kind of one of those. You do it once for the laughs and then that's it.
So that was Rogue Legacy.
Bobby and I finally had our much advertised and talked about Borderlands Noob Night on Tuesday.
Yeah, I missed that. Like I didn't read my tweets.
Yeah, we tagged you in it just to see if you were going to drop in.
And we actually played from the start of the game to about level 7-ish.
So I think we were in like chapter 3 or something by the time we stopped.
I mean, you know, we played a pretty good chunk of the game.
So did you finish Captain Flint or did you...
Yes, I think that was the last guy we killed.
And then we got on a boat and we were taken somewhere else.
Okay, so you're chapter 4 then.
Oh, was it really? Wow.
The first few chapters are fast.
Yeah, but I mean the only downside to it is because we were both playing,
I think the tutorials were ping-ponging between us.
Because Bobby would be like, oh, just hit this key to do this.
Didn't the game tell you that? It'd be like, no.
And then there'd be something he didn't know because the game showed me.
So it was kind of a little weird.
So I would really recommend if you're going to play Borderlands 2,
don't do co-op right out the gate.
But it was fun. I mean, we had a good time.
And I think we entertained the folks that were watching us broadcasting on Twitch.
But, you know, I'm really bad at first-person shooters.
But the cool thing about Borderlands 2 is that the character I was playing had a little,
once you got to level 5, you got a little gun turret that you can place on the ground
and it'll automatically shoot people. So that was cool.
And Bobby was playing the Meckromancer, who is the, that was the controversial,
I'm using my quote-e-fingers, girlfriend mode.
But in reality it's supposed to be best friends forever mode.
I think we were calling it here at VoG Black Wolf Fun Forever mode.
Because that's the one where the bullets that miss will bounce off walls
and hit anyway for part of the damage or something like that.
So I wanted to play as the Meckromancer because I'm terrible at first-person shooters, right?
Now, when Borderlands 2 was on sale on Steam, I was gifted a copy of Borderlands 2
by a great listener, and I picked up the season pass myself.
Because I'm like, alright, well, I know I'm going to want to do all the DLC
and all the other stuff that's out right now, so I'm just going to pick up the season pass
and then that way I'll have it when I want to play.
Well, when I go in to play the game again, the second time, later in the week,
I went back in the game, I'm like, I'm going to try this again,
but this time I'm going to do the Meckromancer.
It's locked. And I'm like, wait a minute, I should have this because I bought the season pass.
And I do some research, and I'm like, wait a minute, the season pass is showing on my account, what's going on?
The characters aren't included in the season pass.
She was a pre-order bonus.
See, and that's the line I've been getting from a lot of people.
Yes, okay, she was a pre-order bonus, but they're still selling her.
Here's the thing, and not everybody's going to agree with me, and that's fine,
but we all get opinions, so take it or leave it.
I kind of think when they're selling this as a season pass, and they're leaving parts out,
that's a little bit disingenuous to me.
And you may argue with me on that, and that's fine, but to me, it's like picking up, like,
you know, when you get a season pass, like when I pick up Lost Season 7 on DVD,
Episode 4 is suddenly missing.
Oh, well, Episode 4 was a pre-order bonus only.
Not how it works, yo.
So I think it's more appropriately titled as a, it's a bundle.
That's what you're selling. You're selling a DLC bundle.
Well, yeah, like, we haven't gotten into it yet, but for Saints Pro 4, it's like,
come on, the amount of content that you include in your season pass,
I mean, granted, the price is really low on it, it's not a season pass.
It's just a bundle.
It was like for Mass Effect 2, the Cerberus pass thing, or the whole, it was a big Cerberus network pass.
It gave you a bunch of stuff, but it didn't give you all the DLC.
Right, but they didn't market it as something that, like, you know,
a season pass, I think, implies a particular thing.
And maybe this is just a terminology thing in our industry,
and we've been here before with the whole download content that's actually on a disc,
and I think we were all sitting here on the show saying,
that is not DLC, that is Pay to Unlock content, that is what it is.
And what I'm saying is that the Borderlands 2 season pass is not a season pass,
it is a DLC bundle, that is what it is.
You can disagree with me if you want, that's fine, that's my opinion.
It's not a season pass, it's missing some episodes.
Sensible.
So, anyhow, overall, that doesn't reflect on my opinion of the game,
I still think it's a fine game, and I think even if you don't like first person shooters,
I think it's just got a really, you know, it's got a neat story,
and it's got some cool mechanics that are reminiscent of like an MMO and so forth.
It's very diabolous.
And co-op mode is a lot of fun, I will say that.
But, you know, that was just my one little thing that did irk me a little bit.
Did you find yourself comparing guns a lot?
You know, like going, ooh, ooh.
Do you have the passive aggressive gun?
No, not yet, I don't think.
You know, if you had been a better shot, you wouldn't have been wasting bullets.
Those cost money, you know.
It was tough in co-op because what I'm used to in Diablo is that everybody gets their own loot.
That doesn't happen in Borderlands, so if Bobby picks up all the ammo, I'm stuck.
Uh, not exactly. It will pool ammo, I think.
Oh, will it? I knew it pooled money.
Yeah, it will pool ammo, yeah.
Oh, okay, my bad.
Here's the question I have to ask about this.
I've got Borderlands 2 now, I actually have the first one because I got it for free back in the day.
Do I have any benefit to finishing the first one before starting the second?
No benefit from finishing, well, a story, I guess.
You get to learn a little bit more of the backstory of different characters because they do end up in the game as NPCs,
so you know who this person is when you go and see him.
Aside from that, the only other bonus you get is you get some unlockable skins when you play the first game.
But you have to have a save file for the first game, so just play for five minutes to get a save file going and then play Borderlands 2.
Because, I mean, I watched Dan play the first one, you know, and I got so motion sick.
But I'm planning on playing through Borderlands 2 and calling it a bar fest when I stream it.
Good times.
I plan on streaming it.
They have a third person mode that you can unlock via a hack.
That's okay.
Games that are intended to be first person don't usually play as well third person.
So, I'm looking at our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, it would have been nice if the season pass weren't limited to only for the four DLC campaigns,
but would allow you to pick which four DLC you would want for the entire season.
I kind of like that.
I mean, again, I don't think season pass is the name for that, but I really like the idea of pick them and choose them.
And here's the thing.
I would have bought the Mechromancer separately in addition to the season pass if I'd known.
And I will take some accountability for not reading thoroughly as I should have, but it's just kind of like a certain thing is sort of implied by that.
No, I was with you because I was looking at the Mechromancer thing and I saw that it was separate too.
It wasn't actually that that I noticed. I was going through some skins because I modded it to unlock all the skins.
And so I was going through the skins and like, oh, I want to wear that one.
And it like popped me to the Steam store.
I'm like, why does it show me stuff that's in there that I don't have?
Oh, you want me to buy it?
No, I'm not going to buy it.
Dangling the carrot in front of you.
But again, all that other.
That's what SDO does, by the way.
All that other junk.
Well, SDO is a free to play game too, so you cut it some different.
But for paid outfits, it gives you the option of setting up that outfit.
And then when you load the outfit on your character, when you're making them, it says this is pay XX amount.
Gotcha.
Well, speaking of free to play, the other game I've been playing this week, and I really can't explain how this happened,
but I've sunk in about five, six hours in Dota 2, Defense of the Ancients 2, which is a free game.
I know there's probably like some people out there going, what?
But it's a free game on Steam.
It was in beta for the longest time, and it just officially launched a couple weeks ago.
And it is very similar to another game called League of Legends, which I'm sure many of you have heard about.
And the reason why these two games are so similar is because both of them have influence from the original mod
called Defense of the Ancients that was in Warcraft 3.
It was an insanely popular mod to the game, just like Team Fortress was a popular mod to Quake, and so on.
You know, sometimes mods become their own little thing.
So Defense of the Ancients became its own game, essentially.
So Valve has the Dota 2, there's League of Legends, and there's all these other games that are inspired by it too.
Blizzard's going to have their own thing.
All Stars, I think is what it's called.
There's Heroes of New Earth, and there's more and more of these showing up.
I really can't tell you why I chose to play Dota 2, especially because of Hoard House, my other show.
There's been a lot of talk about League of Legends.
But I feel like, or I felt like for the longest time, I'm like, I don't get League of Legends.
It has a tutorial mode, but it doesn't help me understand how to get good at this game or whatever.
Here's the thing with Dota 2.
So I think what happened is I was looking around the community marketplace, and I was looking at the trading cards,
the value of cards, and I was looking at some of the stuff that was in Dota 2, that was up there on the marketplace.
And I decided to just launch the game, because apparently I had some stuff from Dota 2
for just being in the beta, so I just wanted to launch the game and see what it was all about.
And I noticed right away, when I launched the game, the launcher looked different than it did before.
I was like, oh, this is laid out all differently, and it threw me right into this tutorial mode.
Do you want to learn how to start playing the game?
So I said, alright, whatever, I'm going to sit here.
I didn't get it when I played League of Legends, but maybe I'll get it this time.
So I started to play, I played the first tutorial, I played the second tutorial, and I kept playing.
And here I was, I was actually learning how to play Dota 2.
And all these things that I'm sure if you're a League of Legends player sitting out there listening,
you're probably going, duh Rob.
I didn't really get like, oh, so the point is not to just go out there and attack as fast as you can.
You actually have to time your hits, you have to be kind of walking with your little NPCs,
they're kind of your meat shields, you hang back, and there's always this game of chicken going on.
You don't necessarily engage other heroes directly, you have to wait for the opportunity moment to strike.
Like, all of this is finally hitting me the way the Dota 2's thing was built.
Like, it's tutorial mode is great.
And then it takes you from that to, okay, now you're going to play a map,
and all you're going to do, you're going to take out one tower.
And then it says, okay, now this time you're going to do a middle lane fight.
The only lane that's available is the middle lane, and it's a 1v1 map.
And you just kind of learn and learn and learn that way.
And right now I'm on the part of it where I'm playing an entire match against bots, but with limited heroes selection.
So I've been learning how to play the game, and it's fun.
But it's still an RTS, right?
It's what they call a MOBA. It's kind of a new genre of game.
It's a multiplayer online battle arena.
Eh.
It's different. I can't really say it's like an RTS.
Because RTS games just make me hurt.
Well, imagine an RTS mixed with World of Warcraft.
It's, I mean, that's really a crude way of putting it, but it's the best I can do.
Yeah, I don't know that, I still don't know that I would like it.
Because, I mean, I've been thinking about it, and I've seen people play it.
But I hate real-time strategies, and it's not because I'm not good at them.
I'm really good at them. I just think that they're very boring.
Well, I would honestly recommend Dota 2.
Just get in there and play the tutorial mode, because you don't really play against other people until towards the end of it, if you want.
And the nice thing about Dota 2 is if you want to play an all-bot match, you can.
But here's the interesting thing. Now that I've done this, now I want to go back and play League of Legends again.
Because I feel like, okay, now I get it.
And everybody tells me League of Legends is kind of easier to wrap your head around than Dota.
Because I guess there is still a lot of stuff beyond the tutorials and Dota that I haven't really experienced yet.
But I want to go back and play League of Legends, and, you know, you can do bot matches there and everything.
So, the only negatives I ever hear about these games is the community.
That the communities in these games are really awful.
But, you know, the makers of the games, to their credits, are taking strides to try and combat that.
There's a big old blog post on the Dota 2 forums, and League of Legends, I know, has their whole community tribal councils.
I think we were calling it on Horde House, and so forth.
So, you know, they're trying.
But, yeah, so this week I want to go back and play League of Legends and see if I get it this time.
I'll give it a, okay, how about this?
How about at some point this week, if I'm not completely fried with my new job, I will give it a try.
And I will report on it by the next show.
Sounds good.
Alright, technus in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
If you really get into Dota 2 League of Legends, you would actually find that they do play differently.
Yeah, I don't doubt that technus.
I read some of the comparison articles online.
I've heard a lot about the timing and, you know, things that they do play differently in that regard.
And, you know, just the way they're laid out and so forth.
So, you know, we'll see.
Technus says, I felt that League of Legends had a better hand-holding tutorial, but I haven't touched Dota 2 past beta.
I think that tutorial went in when it launched.
So that's the thing.
And, yeah, Kossin in our chat room, I hope I said that right, says,
Dota has tutorials now? Yes, it does.
So, you know, if you're curious about it, why not? Check it out.
So, yeah, I guess that was really my gaming week in a nutshell.
So, some quick housekeeping.
Don't forget to visit our website, orangelaunchradio.com, and our Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
And Facebook, facebook.com slash orangelaunchradio.
I apologize.
There was no foogle question of the week this week, so we won't be able to do that segment in part B.
That is my bad and just the insanity, crazy weekend I had.
I literally threw this show together about an hour before we went live tonight.
So, yeah, we cut some corners.
I just thought of a question.
Did you? Yeah.
Well, we can ask it in two weeks when we come back.
Well, it won't be relevant then, but it's okay.
Don't. What were you gonna ask?
Well, I'll bring it up with my story. How about that?
Okay, there you go. I was gonna say, ask the chatters.
You know, you can get some immediate feedback there.
Yeah, I'll ask the chatters and then we'll, yeah.
All right, there you go. Maybe some emails. Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
All right, let's get into the news tonight. Loki.
All right, as the next continuing chapter of the 180 saga,
Microsoft has now confirmed that despite what they said earlier,
they made it a small error and, yes, there will actually be self-publishing now for the Xbox One.
And it's kind of funny. It was supposed to be an announcement at Gamescom
and then somehow got leaked out by Game Informer and here we are.
So basically, their quote is,
Our vision is that every person can be a creator, that every Xbox One can be used for development,
that every game and experience can take advantage of all the features of the Xbox One and Xbox Live.
This means self-publishing. This means Kinect, the cloud, achievements.
This means great discoverability on Xbox Live.
We'll have more details in the program and a timeline at Gamescom in August.
I'm confused. First off, it's good news, but once again, anything that has to do with Microsoft
or even just anything that has to do with a lot of these console launches
where you're going to see a lot of those asterisks and a lot of fine print and stuff,
we don't know all the details yet of what the self-publishing is going to require, what you can do.
It sounds cool that we can use any of the retail consoles as a dev unit.
I mean, that's kind of cool, but we don't know yet what the requirements are going to be
as far as submitting something in there.
Are you going to have to go through a review process? Is it going to be like XNA was?
Don't really know, but it sounds interesting.
They're trying to, I think, cover some ground to get some of those indies back
after they've had such a bad reputation with how they treat indie developers and stuff,
especially on the Xbox 360 and continuing that to the Xbox One.
Do you mean by cover ground, cover their ass?
Yeah, to help make up ground that they lost.
Also, there's a rumor that this might not just pertain to the Xbox One,
that apparently the developer Farsight Studios, who's done some work on the Pinball Arcade,
said that Microsoft has just announced that indie developers like them
can now publish on Xbox Live Arcade instead of being required to find a publisher for their games.
This means we can bring the Pinball Arcade back to the 360 ourselves
and open the door to the Xbox One version of the Pinball Arcade in the future.
So, it sounds like this may also apply to the Xbox 360 as well.
Yeah, technically you have to file that in the rumor bin, but when it's coming out like this,
it's kind of like one of those things where it's like, oh, they probably got told something.
Because that game was a pretty big deal, and it sucks that it disappeared.
So, it's no wonder. I bet Microsoft themselves kind of wants to get that game back.
So, this is interesting with how they're going to do this, but at the same time,
I mean, I don't know, this is almost like, well, now that this isn't really exclusive to the Xbox One,
you're kind of competing with yourself again, you know?
It's just like, all these great games are coming out on the Xbox 360.
Why do I need to spend $500 to get an Xbox One that has pretty much the same games?
They look slightly better. I don't know.
Well, Microsoft doesn't exactly lose by selling more 360s.
That's true. No, I don't think that they lose.
But their strategy, and this is from the horse's mouth actually, is that they're going to have so many SKUs,
and it's a four or five SKUs strategy is basically what it is.
They have a four gig system. They have a four gig system with Kinect, a 250 gig system.
They got rid of the 250 gig system with Kinect because that was competing with the Xbox One.
They figured that the people that are going to be buying that are going to be buying the Xbox One.
So then you have the Xbox One, and then whatever holiday bundle it is.
That's their strategy going in, and I think that's going to be going forward is how they're going to do it.
They're going to have four or five SKUs, depending on whether there's a holiday bundle available, or a bundle of some sort.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Just seems very vague. I expect this won't be ready day one.
I think a lot of this they're just trying to save because they're talking at Gamescom.
They don't want to just like, yeah, you guys already heard all this information. Let's just repeat it again.
But I think it's kind of lame that they're doing that because people want to know.
Developers want to know what the details are so they can consider making their games for your platform,
and yet you're just like, but we really want to talk about it at Gamescom, so we're just going to wait.
You're going to just have to wait and see. I mean, that's kind of dumb.
Tell the developers. Yeah, the developers will leak it out. Put them under NDA or something. I don't know.
Akuma JP in our chatroom says, Sounds like Microsoft is suffering from multiple personality disorder.
Well, they did. To be fair, they did take a beating at E3, and they went through a major management change just in the past month.
So the fact that some of these things are starting to come out isn't that surprising.
It's just like, how fast can it really happen? I think it's all good news.
It'll be interesting. It's good news at the end of the day. Yeah.
It'll be interesting to see how it's going to work as far as like, are we going to see, you know,
are we going to see the Xbox Live Arcade Marketplace turned into kind of like what Xbox Indie Games is?
I hope not, because that's going to be really difficult to find stuff with everybody publishing titles.
Well, especially since, you know, one of the big words they used was deliverability.
I mean, they have to make it easy to access to make it deliverable.
I think a lot of it, too, is it would really help them out.
I would think it's going to look more like iTunes, because iTunes, you know, is this self-publishing central.
I'll tell you what this really is. It's not about, you know, publishing on the Xbox One stuff,
although that's good and everything.
What it is is it's, the way they have it, the way you develop games on the,
it's not even really the, you know, Xbox Marketplace or whatever.
It's the Windows Store is basically what it is.
When you publish a game, it's available on, you know, for PC or Windows 8, Windows Phone,
and now the Microsoft, you know, Xbox One.
That's what it's going to be, is publishing on all three platforms.
And they're getting, they're trying to get to a point where you buy like Angry Birds on Windows 8,
now you have Angry Birds on your Xbox One and on your Windows Phone.
I think that's exactly where my mind's going.
That is key, because that's how iTunes works, if you think about it.
You can buy from your mobile device or your iPad, or you can buy on your desktop.
And then through the cloud, it all shows up on all your devices automatically.
And I really think that's how the game systems ought to work, Sony included.
Nintendo too, if they could ever get there.
Unless you buy the better version for your iPad that takes advantage of the iPad's resolution.
But from what I heard from them, they're a long way away from that.
Like, they may be promising something like that right now, but 2015 at the earliest, this is going to happen.
So it's a long way off.
We had discussions with Microsoft, the Microsoft reps about this kind of stuff, because that was my thought,
and they were like, yeah, you're right.
It's interesting, but I think it's just, and I'm kind of hesitant at the same time as like,
okay, you can develop games for Xbox One, are they really going to be Xbox One games,
or are they going to be these Windows games running on that Windows OS portion of the Xbox 360
that just happened to be, or I'm sorry, Xbox One, that just happened to be part of the Xbox One.
It's not actually a true native Xbox One game, you know what I mean?
All right, well, it's going to be interesting to see what develops,
and also kind of how the Microsoft Sony dance continues with this.
So, I mean, obviously Microsoft's doing this in some way to catch up to Sony,
and their reaction they got at E3,
so it'll be interesting to see what Sony might do to kind of one-up that.
But anyway, let's talk about a big budget game,
and a game that a lot of folks are excited about over on Nintendo's platform,
Smash Brothers, Super Smash Brothers.
Now, a new story came out this week that Masahiro Sakurai said that in the story mode,
there will not be a subspace emissary storyline that was in Brawl.
There will be a single-player campaign, however.
But in Famitsu Magazine, he actually said that the story mode won't happen,
because cutscenes get uploaded on the internet.
Really weird excuse, but here's the quote for us to ponder.
Quote, unfortunately, the movie scenes we worked hard to create were uploaded onto the internet.
You can only truly wow a player the first time he sees a cutscene.
I felt if players saw the cutscenes outside of the game,
they would no longer service rewards for playing the game,
so I've decided against having them.
That's a very strange quote. Let's chew on that for a minute.
That's a quote from somebody who doesn't understand how the internet works.
Right.
You know, it's basically, I understand his point of view where,
you know, woo, that's a really cool video and stuff,
but, you know, that's like saying, once you've seen a movie,
like, if you see a movie trailer, you're not gonna want to see the movie,
because you saw scenes from the movie in the movie trailer.
Yeah, but with all the let's play and all of that,
you can see a heck of a lot more than a trailer of a game that's, you know, out there.
I understand that, but not...
And Nintendo's also taken a stance against let's play in the past,
even though they might have went back on it.
But people that are watching let's play videos
aren't necessarily gonna be the people that are gonna be spoiled by,
oh, I can't play this game anymore because I watched it being played through already.
It's not gonna be like that.
If anything, it's gonna get people excited because they see these awesome cutscenes.
They're like, whoa, I want to see, you know, more of this game.
But just instead of making excuses about YouTube
and, you know, saying that's why you did it, just be honest.
We want to get this game out right away.
This is a feature that not a lot of people utilize,
so we're gonna focus on the multiplayer
and make that the best part of the game
because that's what people want to play when they play Smash.
Just come out and say that instead of being a dick about it and saying,
hey, yeah, it's because those people upload our videos on YouTube.
Come on, it's just ridiculous.
I'm with you there a little bit. I'm really with you there a little bit.
This does seem like a convenient excuse to get the game moving right along,
which is fine, but yeah, exactly the way you said it.
I think if he came out and said it that way, a lot of people would be like, yay.
Yeah, if something we tried, if Brawl, it was, you know, some people liked it.
Not a lot of people really, you know, played it.
So instead of focusing a lot of, instead of splitting our team, you know, down the middle
and, you know, focusing it all on, or half on the single player and half on the multiplayer,
we're just gonna focus on the multiplayer.
Hell, that's what they did for Titanfall.
And I still don't buy that excuse, by the way, for Titanfall either,
because honestly I do care about a single player campaign for, you know,
a first person shooter versus a single player campaign for a fighting game.
Right, right. So, there you go.
I hope that the game really kicks butt, but if the fighting element of the game is really, really good,
then I think people will forget about this in six months.
But there could have been a better way to deliver this news.
So, all right.
Speaking of other bad news, or don't care about this news, who knows.
Because I've heard from people that there's various minds going on about this.
But PolyTron put out an announcement that Fez 2 was cancelled, and Phil Fish says, yep, I'm done.
And this is going after some internet dramas of various bitch levels.
I'm just gonna go out and say it.
It's people being bitchy on the internet and people outbitching the other and outtrolling the other.
And actually, listen to Bobby's show.
Because he went off on it in a way that I 100% agree with.
It was ridiculous.
It's not a big surprise.
It's not a big surprise. It's something that he would do.
Because, you know, one of the things he was arguing about with the Annoyed Gamer thing was,
it's like, what kind of art have you put out?
It's almost like your stupid show or whatever is nothing.
I've created art with Fez.
It's like, dude, you've put out one indie game.
You're not fucking God, okay?
It's just, it's a game.
Yeah, it was great. People liked it. Cool.
But you're not like, just get off your high horse.
One damn game, man.
One game.
This, to me, looks like an internet meltdown.
Yeah. That's kind of one of those things that Twitter does.
I mean, look at, one of my favorite comparisons I've heard out there on the internet is that Phil Fe,
and to be fair, I really don't know this guy.
I played Fez a couple times. It's fine.
But I really just don't care.
I haven't seen that indie game movie. I'll sit down and watch it at one of these points.
You know, but I just, it's a movie.
And, you know, reality shows distort people all the time.
You always take that stuff with a grain of salt.
But this really just seems like a big pomp and circumstance about something that doesn't,
like, it's just, this whole thing's like a waste of time.
You know?
And in the end?
Oh, sorry. My favorite comparison I heard out there on the internet was that Phil Fish is the Amanda Bynes of gaming.
Okay.
My whole thing with it is, is that, um,
if you find yourself close to a meltdown, and this is, what you need to do is take a step back,
go someplace safe where you have nothing to trigger you,
you know, watch some cartoons, you know, sit back and watch some Adventure Time,
open a couple beers, and play on Tumblr for a while, because Tumblr's sort of safe too.
You know, it happens to the best of us.
I had a diva fit here on OLR one night.
It was, it was an infamous moment that happened.
It was like five years ago at this point.
You scared the shit out of Shermie.
No, no, no. That wasn't at your place. That was at the studio.
You had one at my house.
I might've had a little one, but I had a big one when something like the wrong thing was said in the chat room.
And remember I left and I'm like, you know what?
If you don't like, I left, I just quit mid show.
I didn't quit the show, but I just said, you know what?
I'm going to go do something more fun than this right now.
Cause I'm not taking this right now.
No way.
I'm not making Fez 2.
You kind of, I kind of did have that diva moment.
So I can understand in that regard.
And I was just frustrated by a lot of things that were going on that night.
And then a chat room chat listener just really said something that got under my skin.
So in that regard, I can kind of sympathize, but at the same time, from what I do hear about this guy,
he does kind of make these very trolley generous or generalized comments.
Sometimes he kind of brings a little bit of it on himself.
So it's hard to feel a whole lot of pity for the guy, you know, but I kind of sit here and go,
you're going to take what this guy who calls himself, himself annoyed gamer says to get under your skin.
I mean, and again, I don't know this other guy either, this annoyed gamer or whatever,
but I kind of look at that name going, wow, you sound like everything that I hate about the games industry,
all in two little words right there.
Besides, I am the annoyed gamer.
Why don't you just call yourself cynical fuck?
You know, I'm just kind of like.
Besides that, the angry video game nerd did it better.
And that was parody.
Yeah. And he's actually hilarious.
So I and I think this other guy is kind of trying to be legit, but it does seem weird to me.
Again, if the whole thing boils down to that, you know, Phil Fish did not want to comment on this,
you know, Xbox thing that's going on, he should have just said no comment or no thank you,
as opposed to fuck you, you fucking fuck, which is, you know, not a direct quote,
but the sense of what I get happened in that paraphrase, paraphrasing a little bit.
You know, like I said, he needs to take a step back, go to a safe place,
maybe put on some old school Duran Duran, bop out a little bit to Hungry Like the Wolf,
and then maybe come back with a cooler head.
All right. And I'm checking the chat room ZZZ in our chat room says,
was the episode where Rob Ragequitted the show ever uploaded?
I only listened to the podcast at the time. I didn't get to hear it.
I think the whole thing happened over a video card error that happened,
because that's why the listeners pulled together and bought this new computer
that we broadcast the show from, and that happened after the diva moment.
So I think the video card like went out mid-show, and I actually lost the show up to that point,
and then when we recorded again, that comment was said, and I think the show got thrown out.
I don't think it was ever a podcast, to be honest.
I think it was captured because at the time we were streaming on Justin TV.
This was before Twitch existed. I think some of it lived on there,
but I think it's long gone. It's too old at this point.
Unless we had our bootlegger.
You really don't need to see it.
It wasn't pretty.
Don't try to capture one of my worst moments in radio.
That's the downside to it. I like to think I've done about...
Promise says it was on the feed, and actually it isn't.
Was it?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't remember.
They just don't remember which episode.
I don't either. It's for the bad. You know what?
One bad moment out of like 514 episodes, you know, why do you want to fixate on that one bad moment?
That's all I'm saying, is like, can't we...
Because that's what people do.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, maybe Lindsay Lohan was once a great actress, but people remember all the bad shit she's done.
What about all the good things Lindsay did?
It's just people are focusing...
Like going to rehab.
People are just focusing on everything because it's just a slow news week, honestly.
Like, I couldn't believe how many people were running, how many different outlets were running that story.
I was just like, are you kidding me? Come on.
Didn't the whole thing that Phil Fish blew up at...
Didn't the whole thing boil down to the fact that this media guy felt like he deserved a comment on the situation,
was calling out him and Jonathan Blow because they wouldn't comment on the Xbox situation?
I don't know.
Isn't that what it boiled down to?
Yeah.
I was like...
I was trying to provoke a reaction. Well, they got one.
I was at a three-year-old's birthday party and I look on the internet and all of a sudden...
Yeah, because I check Twitter just every now and then.
I mean, Lindsay...
You know what? Maybe I should make him a rainbow penis cozy.
You know what, annoyed gamer or whatever, you know, welcome to my world where we just get ignored.
How would you prefer that?
I know. I mean, I ignored by all the different media outlets.
Exactly. I'm like...
Except occasionally Namco.
You should be lucky you get any comments at all. Anyway.
Who are you? Who? Who are you?
Hey, I'm the annoyed gamer, okay?
I'm annoyed and I'm the gamer.
You are kind of the OG annoyed gamer guy.
But when we talk about Saints Row 4 or Grand Theft Auto, you suddenly become the hehehe gamer.
You know, therefore the tickled gamer when it comes to those games.
How about the bipolar gamer?
Well, I am a little annoyed that I'm not playing Saints Row 4 right now, so...
That is a little annoying, isn't it?
So what does that make me, the crafty gamer?
Hmm... I don't know.
Penis cozy?
Yeah, you're the rainbow penis cozy gamer.
Alright.
Maybe we should send him one. Maybe that would make him feel better.
Perhaps. I don't know.
Alright, oh yeah, real quick. There was a cotton...
It's 100% cotton. Feel it.
That's too hot. I can already tell.
I don't know.
Alright, let's move on with more news.
Alright, so, you know, to kind of keep along the theme of Microsoft fixing some of their hiccups in their, I don't know, game development process.
They're working on World of Tanks.
The developer is basically saying, you know, they're working with Microsoft to help streamline the process of certification.
Because certification takes quite a long time with Microsoft.
And because games like, you know, free-to-play World of Tanks needs some frequent updates to be able to push that through Microsoft,
it's very difficult to kind of get one of those games to work on the Xbox 360.
So right now they're working out, I guess, what they need to fix on Microsoft's end to kind of help alleviate some of that problem with the certification process.
So hopefully it'll get better.
Hopefully, you know, this, by the time we get to November, I'm assuming it's November when this console is going to launch, you know, that all this stuff will be ironed out.
You know, and everything with, you know, self-publishing and all that stuff, it'll be a lot easier to get your game on there and keep it updated.
It sounds like a lot of this crap that Microsoft's had to go through is really going to make them a better, you know, company when it comes to gaming with all these things that they've had to kind of change, one of them being the certification process.
Yeah, I wonder, like, I mean, I don't know if it's just a coincidence in timing or whatever, but, you know, the departure, you know, Don Mattrick there, if he was holding all this stuff back, I mean, it's like, hey, we're fixing a lot of problems, but I think it's just coincidence, you know.
You know the next thing they need to fix, and maybe this is a little bit pie-in-the-sky dreaming, but the whole, like, no cross-platform play issue, you know, because they let it go by with Final Fantasy XI, but they won't do it with Final Fantasy XIV, and I'm sure there's a host of other games that would like to, maybe Defiance or, you know, things that would like to be cross-platform.
Honestly, I would like the ability to be able to play my game system without Kinect being attached.
Not to say that, you know, you can't have Kinect features in your game, because obviously you can still program your game with, you know, Kinect features being in there, because you know every system is going to have a Kinect.
But say I don't want to play with the Kinect on there, it just disables those features instead of not working, you know, and if it is a Kinect-required game, sorry, this game requires Kinect, please plug in Kinect to play this game.
Why is that so hard? I don't understand, why is it so hard? Is it because the NSA doesn't want you not having that microphone and camera on there all the time?
Speaking of which, I just thought this was kind of funny, and ironic and totally off-topic, but my wife is watching the series Scandal, and they actually had an episode-
Yay, I told her she should watch that, she like it?
Yeah, she likes it, but here's the thing, on season two they actually had an episode where it was all of the same stuff that's going on right now.
They had like, this NSA had this device, you know, to be able to spy on everybody using webcams and stuff like that.
Dude, this is like way before all this stuff happened.
That's the whole arc of the second season, yeah I know, it's funny.
This is like so hilarious.
Scandal's a hella good show, huh? It's total trash, but it's like one of those shows where it's like,
sometimes you want to watch like a good show, you know like a good drama show, that's why people watch Game of Thrones or Orange is the New Black or something right?
I used to watch Matlock for that.
But sometimes you want to just watch like crap.
And like Scandal's a great show.
I don't think it's that bad, I mean it's not a terrible show, but yeah it's a little ridiculous in their plot.
Okay, okay.
I can't watch a show I have to turn off my brain for.
It's about like Loki, she's banging the President of the United States on the side, like that's a little bit like trashy romance novel, you know?
But it's not as, okay, coming from the fact that this show is created by the people that did, you know, Grey's Anatomy, they've toned it way down.
I mean, they've toned it way, way down, so you know, I'll give them props for that.
That actress is so good though, she just commands the screen, Kerry Washington, she just commands the screen, she's so fun to watch.
Games.
Sorry.
Well now they want to talk TV in chat, because act-def says Orange is the New Black is awesome.
I'm about three episodes in, it's pretty good.
No, I'm disappointed they got rid of it, because all these shows I'm catching on Netflix and stuff.
Better off Ted was actually great, I just don't understand why that show got cancelled.
No, we watched it.
It's too bad, it was great. I just, that's sad.
Shadow Next Chat in our chat says, everyone at OLR should check out the show Suits on USA Network.
The show is really well written and the cast plays off each other really well.
I have not seen that, but the show on USA that everybody tells me I need to watch is Psych.
Because that's the one that does all the tribute shows, like they did the Twin Peaks episode and the Clue episode, and they do all, yeah, that's the one I need to see.
There's only one show going to be coming out that I care about, I don't even know the name of it, but Seth Green's in it.
I am going to bring back, bring this back to games real quick here.
Alright, probably a good idea.
I did see an advertisement today on Nickelodeon, my son was watching Spongebob.
Next Saturday they're going to be launching the show for the Rabbids, the animated series, so that'll be coming next Saturday.
Somebody would be interested to check out it.
You let your son watch Spongebob?
Only at my, only at my mom's house.
Okay.
Alright, well let's move on. Speaking of kids, let's talk Nintendo.
Ah, bad transition, bad transition.
Alright, look, this is, I honestly file this a little more in fan wank and people dreaming of what could happen.
This is a huge leap of faith, but I will bring it up anyway since we're about discussing the news, not necessarily reporting it.
But apparently we heard about the problems that Atlus' parent company was having, right?
So there's this rumor out there that because there's going to be some subsidiary auctions going on on July 28th,
Atlus is one of those subsidiaries up for sale and Nintendo could be a key player in that because apparently there's already some financial liability in that whole situation.
So could Nintendo end up buying Atlus, which would mean that's a development company for them that could end up meaning Persona ends up being a Wii U exclusive,
Shin Megami Tensei ends up being a Wii and 3DS, Wii U exclusive and 3DS and so on.
Here's the quote from the International Digital Times, take it or leave it.
That's because Nintendo has been working unusually closely with Atlus lately, treating them practically like an in-house studio.
That may be because Atlus is about to become one. Again, that's from the International Digital Times.
No, and here's why. Because they've worked with other studios before on different things.
Like for example, and I think this is all coming from, first off there's the crossover game, the Shin Megami Tensei Fire Emblem game that's coming out on 3DS.
Now remember, they did something very similar back last year with Koei where they had the, I can't remember which game, it was a Koei game.
Was it the Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
The Romance of the Three Kingdoms cross Pokemon game or something like that. I think that's what it was.
And so they have that come out last year. So because they're working with them on that, I don't think that's necessarily a reason.
And just because they publish a lot of those games on 3DS and stuff, I don't think that's necessarily a reason that they're going to purchase that company.
Honestly, I think it's just going to get purchased by somebody else and it'll just continue kind of the way Atlus is going.
Maybe Marvelous USA or something like that will purchase Index Media, because that's kind of all the wheelhouse there.
Here's the weird thing though, today is July 28th, so it should be July 29th over in Japan. We haven't really heard what's come of this yet.
So it's a little...
It's also morning.
I guess that's true. But still, it was supposed to happen on July 28th, so I'm not sure why we haven't seen a fondant looking at news.
I just don't see Nintendo purchasing anybody because they already have enough, it wouldn't really change anything.
All they would be doing is kind of... I guess you would be able to get their games out a little wider audience, but they're already developing games on their platforms pretty much exclusively.
If Nintendo is really pushing more indie, as we're going to talk about later in the show, I think a company that makes a lot of really niche but very cultish type of games like Atlus does,
I think would be a really good partner for Nintendo to have. And Atlus still puts stuff out on Playstation platforms all the time, like Disgaea and all that.
What are you talking about? They don't just do Nintendo stuff.
But the vast majority is on the 3DS.
Still, for it to be exclusive, especially Persona, that's a huge one right there. If that series takes a leap over to Nintendo exclusive, that's a big thing.
I am kind of the mindset that I think most people that play Persona, and again, I am totally generalizing here and might be wrong, fine.
I think most people that play Persona are the type that probably collect a lot of video game systems anyway and already have a Wii U.
But I am kind of making a big assumption.
Well how about the reverse? We collect a lot of systems and I haven't played a single Persona game.
Maybe now you'll have a reason to, who knows?
No, because I don't have a Wii U.
Not yet.
Probably won't get one.
Not ever? Mario Kart 8 won't sway you?
I was never a big Mario Kart fan.
The Mario game at the end of the year won't sway you? There'll be something.
But I would not be surprised, Shin Megami Tensei characters in the next Smash Bros. game would not be surprised.
We just haven't been really excited. I mean, if something, like, I didn't get a 3DS until Animal Crossing came out.
And what if I've been playing a crap load of Animal Crossing?
There'll be that one game that gets you over it.
There might be.
Animal Crossing Wii U, it'll happen eventually.
I'm having more fun playing it portable. But I mean,
Wait.
But I mean, I'm honestly, I'm not really too excited about anything Nintendo's doing yet.
So.
Alright. ZZZ in our chatroom at live.voguenetwork.com says,
If Nintendo bought Atlus, I would put an Evoker to my head IRL.
Now, now, now. No need for that.
No need for that.
Let's not go to extremes here.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at voguenetwork.com,
use the passphrase, city.
Alright, DarkSakura, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
Well, a whole crap load of indie developers are coming together to be a supergroup.
No, I'm kidding.
They're making a game.
It's called Experiment 12.
And so these are 12 different developers.
Included, there's Terry Cavanaugh, who did VVVVVVV in Super Hexagon.
Ian Snyder, Jack King Spooner, Zarathustra, Richard Perrin, Michael Brau.
Yeah, just a bunch of people on the list.
It's supposed to be kind of an interesting game associated with mental illness.
But who knows what's going to happen.
We've only got a few screen caps out so far.
It's so far only on PC, but they're considering a Mac version.
So, interesting.
But I think it's a supergroup along the lines of Damn Yankees.
You know, they're going to get Ted Nugent to come out and play guitar.
That is the weirdest comparison you've ever made on this program.
Congratulations.
Well, I look forward to seeing what these guys come up with.
Ted Nugent, man? No.
Talk about crazy.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
and games that will be coming a little bit sooner than this experiment.
There's not a whole ton of stuff coming out this week.
Pretty much, you know, we've got the collector's edition of Terraria
coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
That's kind of a big deal.
Yeah, it's just the game with, like, they have a pick-shaped USB drive
and there's some Vellum stickers and stuff.
The actual PlayStation 3 version is on, it's a card to download the game.
The 360 one, though, they put it on disk like Minecraft, so that's kind of cool.
Rise of the Triad this week on PC.
I'm actually looking forward to that.
Is that like the remake?
That's the remake, yeah.
That's going to be coming out, so that'll be pretty sweet.
On PlayStation 3, a game which I noticed you still haven't reviewed
or probably played yet, Arkania The Complete Tale is coming out this week.
Yeah, I got to get my review done this week.
So that's coming out.
And then, um, I think honestly that's it.
And I will have you know I have opened that case.
All right, I was just saying, yeah.
All right, no, I look forward to that on vognetwork.com soon.
Meanwhile, let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases over there.
August 1st on the PlayStation 3, we'll see the release of Killer Is Dead,
the premium edition.
Metro Last Like, it's a Japanese release this week as well on August 1st.
And Sengoku Hime 2, Okihaku Kakusei Mishidaiga in Limited and Regular editions comes out this week.
And I was just checking out what kind of game that is.
It looks like it's a strategy game featuring cute little anime girls.
And moving on to the Xbox 360 to see if we have anything there in Japan this week.
We have Killer Is Dead and Metro Last Like both over there as well.
Checking out some of the other consoles like PlayStation Vita.
PlayStation Vita has Mind Zero out this week on the Vita.
And on the 3DS this week we have Doki Doki Precure, Nari Kiri Life, and Osahare Na Koinu 3D come out this week.
Puppies!
And lastly on the Wii U, nothing till the 8th.
I think that was a game about puppies.
Actually, I gotta say the Wii U list looks really bare for August.
I hate to say it, maybe some games aren't dated yet, but the only other game for August is Wonderful 101.
Okay. Alright, that does it for Japanese releases. Let's check out the UK.
Only a bare few.
On, what's today again?
28th.
Yeah, on the 20th, actually only on the 31st, we have Pixel Junk Monsters Ultimate HD and I didn't see anything for the beginning of August, so...
Nada.
I forgot to mention, since it is kind of next Sunday, on the 4th, I believe Pikmin 3 is coming out, so that will be something.
Yes.
There's that whole early release, though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Keep in mind, Shadow Next Gen, those were Japanese releases and I didn't see that on the list.
Maybe that was the game that was the 8th of August, so...
And those of you in chat that are saying Pikmin 3 is in August, again, those were Japanese releases I was reading.
Alright, let's go to a couple more stories and the classic game of the week, Loki.
Alright, so, I mean, even we've kind of seen this a little bit, or this isn't shocking news, but even with just like our small group of gamers here,
a lot of people have moved away from World of Warcraft to other things, and Activision Blizzard has obviously seen something very similar.
Their subscriber base has shrunk to 7.7 million users, which is still not a bad number, and that's down from 8.3 million users,
so they lost 600,000 people over the second quarter of this year.
And what are they doing to, I don't know, combat that?
No one likes pandas.
Nothing. Basically, so far they're not really saying anything. Their comment is, despite the shrinking subscriber base, you know, Activision Blizzard notes that World of Warcraft remains the number one subscription-based MMORPG.
Well, your competition in that field is very limited because the reason why they're losing players, it's free-to-play games.
Those people are going, like, I did not touch WoW this week. Not once.
And it's because I was, you know, playing other games like Dota 2, and these free-to-play games, I think, are really where WoW is hurting.
Warcraft is backed into a corner, I think they're going to need to go free-to-play.
I don't know how long Final Fantasy XIV is going to be able to get away with a subscription model, to be honest.
If World of Warcraft goes free-to-play, Final Fantasy XIV will...
Final Fantasy XIV is going to be backed into at least the buy-to-play, like Guild Wars model, it's going to have to.
That's acceptable. I'd probably play it if that was the case.
I don't know, though, they really talk about a lot, a lot of content for Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn, I mean, we'll see, but the problem with...
Warcraft is really just in this stagnant place right now, and, you know, I don't know what to say.
It's like they do keep trying to put out these new patches and things.
Do you think they're going to do, like, a new, like, a graphical overhaul of the whole game?
I think one of the two big things is coming with the next expansion at BlizzCon, and it's either going to be giant graphical overhaul to modernize the game.
Although, I don't know if they would want to cut out all these, you know, part of WoW's allure is that it runs on old systems.
But they do bump up the specs little by little each time.
Well, they could just have that as an option, you know, not necessarily...
Perhaps, perhaps. So, I believe that will either come out, or it's going to be free-to-play, but Warcraft's kind of backed into a corner at this point.
It's going to be one or the other.
I've already quit ages ago, because, I mean, I played through the panda stuff, and then it wasn't fun.
It just was more, it was the same reason I was quitting before, because I just kept getting bored.
I also shouldn't say it's going to go, necessarily, because, like, you know, if World of Warcraft had 100,000 subscribers, it's still making some pretty good money.
I mean, it wouldn't be a very pleasant place, but they'd still be making money.
But, you know, Blizzard is going to get people in in other ways.
Hearthstone, you know, is a free-to-play game. That's going to bring in some cash for them.
The Blizzard All-Stars thing they're working on, that's going to be a free-to-play game.
That's going to bring in some cash for them.
We don't know what the hell Titan's all about, but then again, that's not really going to be out at least until 2016 at this point.
SSG100Matt speculates that the graphic overhaul will be Titan.
You know, there is some buzz that Titan is World of Warcraft 2, but I don't know how much stock I put into that.
It's so far away that it probably doesn't even matter that way.
I sort of think EverQuest 2 and EverQuest kind of showed you really shouldn't do that to your MMO.
But yet, we have Final Fantasy XI and Final Fantasy XIV.
Yeah, Final Fantasy XI is pretty much... meh.
Well, it has its fans that have stuck with it this long that'll keep with it. Who knows?
Well, hey, now that I'm working, I'm going to be playing XIV, so I've pretty much decided on that.
Good times.
And XI needs to go free-to-play.
We'll see.
Alright, anyhow, one more story for you guys before the Classic Game of the Week.
Excuse me, and it's about the cancellation of Mega Man Legends 3.
Aww.
It was about two years ago that Mega Man Legends 3 was cancelled.
We never really got the reasons why this game was cancelled,
but there was an interesting kind of report that came out this week about Gregaman, who's with Capcom Unity,
talking about a recap of things we've already expressed in one form or another.
So sort of a, I don't know, maybe like a post-mortem now all this time later about why the game was cancelled.
Remember that Legends 3 was essentially a ten-year late sequel to a sequel to a spin-off
that had middling success even back when it was one of the only games of its kind,
before 3D action-adventure was an established genre, if you can even remember that far back.
And consider its place within the greater Mega Man brand.
If you thought DMC was a deviation from the Devil May Cry brand,
remember that MML changed virtually everything you could possibly change about Mega Man.
Even I remember scoffing at the sight of it until I got my hands on it and realized it stood on its own.
Merits.
Then consider that the game was designed for a platform that didn't even exist yet in the wild.
All that isn't to say that MML 3 was a bad project, it was just weird.
But MML has always been a passion project, not a cash cow, hence the Dev Room angle.
And there is a little YouTube that showed a little bit of play from the game that's out there,
but they go on to talk about involvement in the community and so forth.
At the same time though, they're putting out risks for different things.
They're rebooting Strider, they made the Bionic Commando game, stuff like that.
And in saying that it's completely different than the other Mega Man games,
well, every Mega Man series is different than the other Mega Man games.
Okay, so it wasn't a 2D platformer game.
So what, Zelda?
The 3D Zeldas weren't 2D platformer games anymore?
Are you saying that wasn't worth the risk?
Or Wind Waker is completely different than all the other games?
Yet we're getting the re-release of that because apparently it just sucked so bad that we're just going to re-release it again, right?
It's not because people liked it or anything.
I don't understand. Wasn't this whole trial version of Mega Man Legends 3 that they were going to put on the eShop for five bucks?
Wasn't this practically done before they pulled the rug on it?
Pretty much, and I thought the whole thing was just to gauge interest in that stuff.
So release it. It doesn't make sense. I don't know.
Make a download. Just make a download only.
That was the plan for the prototype thing they were going to do.
They were basically going to do a paid demo to see if people were interested in the game.
Give it to some fanboys and let them finish the last steps.
That's what they do now for everything on their stuff. Remember all the, what was it?
Dead Rising Zero stuff where it's a prequel but it's really just a demo.
It's disappointing.
Alright, let's travel back to a time when things were a little simpler.
Maybe because we didn't have the internet or anything like that, we didn't get disappointed when games suddenly got cancelled.
Although they might show up in a Nintendo Power and then suddenly disappear.
Or in this case, a Genesis Power. Or who knows. Or a Sega Master System Power.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Fantasy Star! Weee, which I can't believe I haven't done this one yet.
And I can't believe you haven't done it either. You kind of brought this up earlier in the show, didn't you?
I did because Dan's playing the Sega Ages Generation 1, which is Fantasy Star.
We bought these back when the Sega Ages ones came out, except it was all in Japanese and our friend was trying to translate while we were playing.
And she's like, oh well this part isn't important, you don't need to know what they said. So we're like okay, we'll stop playing it.
Dan actually, someone has done an English patch. And I linked from the Generations one because the music in it was so good.
But the first Fantasy Star came out on the Master System and it came out in Japan on December 20th, 1987 and then in North America and Europe in 1988.
It is one of the, I'd say, granddaddies of the RPG genre and it's also one of the first games that had a female protagonist.
There have been other versions of it. Fantasy Star Collection came out for Sega Saturn and PS2.
And then there's a Game Boy Advance version in North America and a Virtual Console re-release for the Weee in 2009.
So basically it's pretty traditional for RPG format. You go over your overworld maps, you talk to people.
Your dungeons though are done sort of a pseudo 3D where you're walking through kind of first person perspective like it's Doom or something.
And then it flashes into an over the shoulder view when you're fighting critters and stuff.
And they even have little animations which is a lot more than Final Fantasy had at that time.
And you get different weapons and magic and you have really memorable characters.
You had Alice, you had Meow, who's like this kind of cat thing.
And Odin and Noah, basically those are your main characters through the whole thing.
You've got your antagonists.
Basically this is one of the, and especially for the Sega fans, this is the game to have.
Thankfully we've got all the Fantasy Star games complete in their boxes.
And trust me, it's something that's just really fun to have.
Now like I said, it did get a re-release through the Sega Ages branding.
And I think that the Generation 1 is really good.
It's basically just touched up. It maybe looks like an early PS1 RPG, a little bit cleaner maybe.
I mean you're taking a game from the Master System and updating everything in it.
So it's a very, very good translation. The music's great, the graphics great, really fun to play.
And there is an English patch out right now if you've got a PS2 emulator.
Although I can't say go do it, go do it, go do it, because that would be wrong.
The game right now, as far as the Master System version, it can go for a lot.
When the game first came out, it retailed for $70 and some places sold it for $80.
And keep in mind, this was an 8-bit game. So that was a lot of money for an early game.
And other ones that sold more than that were like Time Zone.
But Phantasy Star was the most expensive console game ever sold at its time.
And it did get a price drop when the Master System 2 hardware came out.
It had sequels of course. We had Phantasy Star 2, 3, and 4.
If I'm right, I think 3 is the one that's really hard to find.
Of course the other ones came out on the Genesis slash Master System.
With the Japanese release, one really neat thing about the first one is that it did take advantage of the FM chip.
The Yamaha YM2413 chip. So it had some really good sound.
But since the North American and PAL systems didn't have that chip, it doesn't sound quite as good.
But on Virtual Console, you get an option of playing it with the FM soundtrack.
So this is probably one of the greatest video games of all time. Especially in the RPG genre.
And it's actually, as far as its popularity when it came out, it actually went sort of outside video game publications.
And was even mentioned in like Boy's Life.
So, I don't even know if that magazine is out anymore, but wasn't it like one of old camping...
Wasn't that the Boy Scouts magazine or something?
I thought so.
Yeah, I think it was. I think I used to get it when I was in Cub Scouts.
But I mean, seriously, if none of you have... I'll be honest, I didn't play it when it came out.
I played it as an adult. But even me coming into it as an adult, I still enjoyed it.
So it's one that anyone can pick up if you love RPGs.
And I also, being a fan of Phantasy Star Online, it's sort of neat seeing how some of the graphics in the updated version actually correspond to some of the updates in the Phantasy Star Online series.
So it's pretty neat.
Kind of seeing where it all came from.
Yeah, it's like they pulled the original concepts and then with what they're doing for Phantasy Star Online, they're sort of merging the two.
Sort of bringing one up to date. A little bit slightly different, but they have lots in common stylistically.
So, that's it, Phantasy Star.
Alright, there it is, your Classic Game of the Week Phantasy Star for the Sega Master System.
Although, certainly the Sega Ages series on PlayStation 2 is a big part of that as well.
Yeah, and like I said, it has been translated however you want to play it.
Alright, or watch people play it on YouTube like we've been doing here in the studio.
Alright.
How much Mercedes do you have on you, Rob?
Umm, 50 bucks maybe?
I had to laugh because Dan actually called me when I was in the back room last night saying,
I finally got to the Rappies! Come look at them!
I was like, I'm watching Dan kill Rappies because I hate Rappies.
Good times.
Yeah, it's interesting how much of that, you know, playing Phantasy Star Online as much as I did,
it's interesting kind of going back to the Phantasy Star games and seeing like,
where the Monomates and the Telepipes and all that come from.
And yes, the Rappies too, you know?
I have to tell you a story about Julie.
Okay.
You know which Julie I'm talking about.
Of course, yeah.
Julie paid $120 to order a Rappy plushie.
Oh wow.
That's as big as my upper torso.
That's dedication.
Probably almost as wide as your table.
I have a gigantic Pikachu.
Okay, take your Pikachu and make the Rappy a little bit bigger than that.
Yeah.
And fully stuffed in, you know, with the bits and everything.
That's because she was that much into PSO at the time.
That sounds adorable.
That sounds like a waste of money.
Judge, judge, judge.
We all do silly things.
Alright.
I would have just made one.
We're going to take a break, guys, when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio,
some rapid fire news.
Of course, the mailbag, what little may be in there.
And we'll talk a little bit of Ouya.
And take your calls as well if we have some folks who want to call tonight at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But all that when we come back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening,
July the 28th, 2013, with the 514th episode of our show.
We're going to get back into some news here in a moment.
I just want to make sure I got a clear plug out here.
I mentioned this in the beginning of the show,
but I just want to make sure I got a plug out here to my buddies over at Game Buoy Podcast.
That's gamebuoy.org.
Just think Game Boy, but B-U-O-Y.
Gamebuoy.org.
I'm going to be on episode 33, part B of their show.
The episode was so long, they split it up into two parts.
But I'll be on the part B, which was like almost three hours in itself.
We talked all about music games tonight was the topic.
So, or I should say today, music games was the topic.
So, you know, just having done the early days of OLR,
we were nothing but music game chat.
I had a lot to talk about, hence why the show was so damn long.
But it was a really good time. We had a lot of fun taping it.
So be sure to check that out over at gamebuoy.org.
Episode 33B I will be on.
First Mate Slidekick should have that posted on Monday.
It's not up there yet, although it is a fantabulous show.
You can go check out their old episodes.
Alright, let's get back into some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about old games.
For example, Star Control.
Star Control was one of the franchises that was being auctioned off
as part of this whole Atari catalog auction thing.
And Star Control is actually one of my favorite PC games.
It was an old strategy game that you play like a bunch of different spaceships.
And there is a really good one-on-one space combat portion of the game.
And now it's hopefully coming back.
And this is partly due to Stardock buying the franchise rights.
And so now they're planning on hopefully rebooting that franchise.
So that's pretty sweet.
Some of the other franchises that were sold off and that were purchased.
Or I should say, yeah, bidding.
So we had Rebellion.
They've picked up the Battlezone franchise.
Wargaming has picked up Total Annihilation, which is not too surprising.
They also picked up Master of Orion.
And Rebellion also picking up Moonbase Commander.
Epic geared the Backyard Sports franchise, which was terrible.
And then Tomo picked up a bunch of random stuff,
because they produced a lot of weird DS titles.
Like Humongous franchise.
Fatty Bear's Birthday Surprise and Math Grand Prix.
Wait, Fatty Bear's Birthday Surprise?
Fatty Bear's Birthday Surprise.
I'm assuming these are all educational PC titles at some time.
What exactly would Fatty Bear get as a birthday surprise?
Of course, a fatty.
Some honey.
A rice cake.
Fatty Bear. He gets cholesterol.
Oh, Loki, you could appreciate this.
Tangent time. Choo choo, tangent time.
Okay, so, Alan and I went to the State Fair on Friday.
And you know they've got deep fried food like crazy.
Yeah.
Act surprised, act surprised.
Alright.
So there's a booth there.
Oh my god!
That has all these deep fried foods, right?
Now what I really want to try is the deep fried coke.
They don't have that here at this booth.
How do you deep fry a coke? Is it like a can that's breaded?
No, it's like syrup and they make little syrup balls out of it.
But anyway, so we're trying to decide. What do we get?
Do we get a deep fried peanut butter cup?
Do we get a deep fried Twinkie?
Uh oh, Alan's here.
So we narrow it down to, we either get deep fried cheesecake,
deep fried red velvet,
but we settled on deep fried Oreos.
And Alan, do you want to talk about how they tasted?
They were really good, but at the same time it's almost too much.
I'm at that age where I'm like, okay, it's not disgusting,
but like I only just wanted one or two.
And you made me, you made me three of them out of the four.
Because I only wanted one because I'm like, my stomach already feels gross.
I don't want, if I eat more than one,
then we're not going to be leaving here for an hour while I'm in the porta potti.
But there's so much batter that they're actually kind of plum sized
because there's so much dough around the cookie and then you bite into it
and the cookie actually isn't crunchy. It's all warm and gooey inside.
Yeah. So it was delicious. Have you had deep fried Oreos, Loki?
No, but I'm very disappointed that you didn't talk about the booth dedicated to bacon.
They had a whole bacon booth.
We didn't find the bacon dedicated booth.
We saw like the chocolate covered bacon
and we saw the bacon maple something, something.
No, they had a whole booth that was dedicated to bacon there.
Oh, we missed that.
I didn't go.
I don't see how you could have missed that.
I mean, there should have been mile, you know, mile long lines going to that booth.
No, it was empty. We went Friday morning, like first day off work.
Yeah, no one's the same for anymore.
We went like first thing. But anyway, so, uh,
I guess Fatty Bear would want some deep fried Oreos. I don't know.
They had deep fried bacon there.
So fried Coke is when they take a funnel cake batter
and they put Coke syrup in it until it turns brown inside of Coke flavored.
They drizzle it into the hot grease so that it looks like a funnel cake.
It's all just, you know, the little ropes of dough.
And then they put that in a cup and they sprinkle powdered sugar on it.
And then they put more pure Coke syrup on top of that.
And that's fried Coke. And then fried Kool-Aid is pretty much the same thing.
They put Kool-Aid in the dough or in the batter,
and then they put Torani strawberry syrup on it.
I remember when we did fried Twinkies at, um,
I do. That was like, that was like our sideshow at, um, it w it wasn't,
it was a shaft Sacramento hosts another fabulous tournament.
Yeah. We had fried Twinkies for no reason.
I made it through half of one.
I know they're so right. Anyway. Um, let's see.
I just want to go to our chat room at live.vogniteware.com
because we have a ionotropic says Loki wants deep fried gummy bears,
three pound bag version.
Why would you want that? By the way, I saw a tweet from you.
That was like my stomach so full. I was like, why do I keep eating these things?
They're still eating them as I'm posting it. Delicious. Uh, yeah.
So basically, um, yeah, it took me two days to get through that three pound bag.
Um, yeah, actually I wouldn't want deep fried.
It would just dissolve into mush because it would, you know,
would liquefy some weird stuff.
Like this one booth had like 20 different things.
There were deep fried pop tarts and I was like, that's already bready.
Like why would you just want to put more dough on that deep fried?
Did they have deep fried fruity pebbles, deep fried fruity pebbles?
And then I think deep fried cocoa puffs and captain crunch. Yeah.
Like different cereal. Yeah. Fruity pebbles might've been all right.
See that's something more of your bread it with that, you know? All right.
Anyway, I'm just going to tell you right now that all of that sounds really disgusting.
What gave me the fatty bear? Here's the one that was discussing.
I remember what they called it,
but it was as a deep fried Twinkie with some sort of cheese on it.
I think it was either cheese whiz or like some sort of nacho cheese wrapped in bacon.
Or, you know, it was as a Twinkie wrapped in bacon with cheese and then deep fried.
I'm having a heart attack listening to you. Stop.
Spray cheese is always automatically disgusting. I'm sorry.
True lifestyle. It's easy. Cheese is gross.
When it says cheese food on the label, you know, that's what cheese eats.
All right. Anyhow, back to video game news.
Thank you, Alan, for bringing a little fatty bear to our show.
I didn't mean that in a negative way. Where are you going?
All right. Moving on. Sorry, Logie.
All right. OK, so beyond those.
So Nintendo getting actually a little bit of love.
Activision has been back and forth. Is Call of Duty Ghost coming to the Wii or not?
And it is. So it will be coming out November 5th along the other platforms.
And, yeah. And Treyarch will be doing the port on that.
So not a big surprise there because they do all the Wii ports and Wii U ports now, I guess.
And last but not least, they're already talking about the DLC plan for Saints Row IV,
which doesn't sound like much as far as like content stuff.
The first piece of DLC is going to be the Enter the Dominatrix.
Now you may be thinking, hey, wait a second. Didn't Enter the Dominatrix become Saints Row IV?
I mean, they kind of expanded upon it.
Well, it's not necessarily going to be...
That's kind of all the stuff they cut out of the game.
Stuff that they couldn't really work in there.
Now there's going to be some sort of mockumentary take on like all the things that they couldn't do for the game,
but they're going to put in there anyways.
I did watch some interesting interviews.
They were talking about how they kind of pulled a Bethesda a little bit, you know, where they gave the...
You remember the Skyrim team had, you know, a week to develop whatever they wanted for the game.
And so Saints Row, they did the same thing in Volition.
They had all sorts of things like a dragon that breathed fire that you would have been able to ride
was one of the things that, you know, they were going to try to do.
But it just didn't work in the game, you know, some of the limitations and stuff.
So I hope some of that stuff becomes DLC. That would be pretty cool.
But they do have a season pass that they announced that's only two pieces of DLC and it's $10.
That once again, as we were talking about before in part A, that's a bundle.
That's not a season pass as a bundle of DLC because it's two.
The season pass is not two things.
So I guess I'll have to buy it because it's only two.
A season pass would be they give you these two things and then you've paid for the other stuff that comes out that season.
Well, I have a feeling there's going to be a ton of customization DLC like they've had before.
It's all paid unlock stuff.
But I'm sure they're going to have that available.
That's how they did Saints Row the Third.
Alright. Well, moving on to some other stories in gaming real quick here.
Connect Sports Rivals, that was one of those games that was announced for Xbox One at E3.
It has been confirmed that it will miss the launch window.
Originally this game was going to come out in November.
However, Microsoft told Polygon that there is a delay and it is necessary in order to give Rare enough time to polish it up before launch.
So it just wasn't ready to go.
Spring of next year, the new time frame that's being given for that.
These things happen all of the time. Launch games get pushed back.
Wasn't Pikmin 3 supposed to be a launch game for the Wii U?
And now it's just now coming out? These things happen.
You know what? Take the time to get it right.
Even though this game doesn't really sound like one I'm really interested in anyway.
And so it might be interesting for other people. It's one of those family games.
Yeah, it's a family game, kiddie game.
Families aren't going to be picking up Dead Rising 3 for their little kids.
True, very true.
Are you kidding? I would totally play that when I was a kid.
Hopefully this delay won't cause people to go over to the Wii U.
Or, well, depending on how you look at it.
Maybe this delay will, yay, make people go over to the Wii U.
However you're looking at it.
But the Wii U is looking at possibly a Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD bundle.
I can see it.
This is a report from an inventory system at a major US retailer.
We don't know which one so take this with a big grain of salt.
And these stories are often a little eh.
Unless Loki of course is the one reporting on it because I trust him.
But Nintendo is looking at a Wii U bundle for Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD.
Supposedly a 3DS handheld that comes with Pokemon X and Pokemon Y as well.
Although aren't there those limited edition 3DSs with Pokemon with the art on them?
I know those are coming out in Japan.
So it would seem very logical those come out here too.
Those might come out over here.
We're supposed to be getting that 3DS, the black 3DS XL next month.
The one that was rumored to be coming out over here is actually coming over here next month.
And surprisingly enough, actually, Zelda is coming out a lot earlier than I thought it would be.
Because I pegged that as like a November title.
But they said it was October and it's actually the first week of October.
Well yeah, I was going to say October is when these games are launching.
So you could bet that this bundle will come out at the same time.
First week of October for that and third or fourth for Wii Party U.
Which no one gives a shit about.
Hey, you never know.
There might be that one fan.
And then there's probably, I'm assuming November is going to be the 3DS XL then.
Or Super Mario World 3D.
Now this is really interesting.
Disney is looking into a new technology called Aireal.
It's A-I-R-E-A-L.
Not to be confused with like a trick or a Disney princess that lives under the sea.
Aireal is a new invention that blows air that's supposed to simulate a tactile experience.
So in other words, you're supposed to be able to feel objects.
Where there might not necessarily be one because of the way the air goes.
It was created by PhD student Rajinidhar Sadi and a Disney researcher Ivan Popryev.
It can be placed on a TV or even on an iPad.
And it can actually simulate buttons to touching in mid-air to making you feel like water, stone, sand.
This could actually be something really cool.
You know, my mind always goes to Disney theme parks and how could that make rides feel.
That might be really cool.
I just don't understand how that would work.
The tech is in a very early phase, so no word on where this is going.
But they have a YouTube app if you want to see more about it.
So, there you go.
So, can you write over there?
I hate Destructoid for iPad.
Oh yeah.
Hate. It brings up an ad and then it shuts down my safari.
Oh.
So, I'm on spite. Don't want to read that story.
Which one was it?
The Zelda mod.
I can mention it real quick here.
So, Jamie out of spite will not be telling you about this Legend of Zelda mod.
It's got a great trailer, by the way.
Does it?
Yeah, it's a fantastic trailer.
Lissy, apparently it's this mod for Zelda. I'm trying to figure out what Zelda game it is.
It's not for Zelda. It's all the different Zelda.
It's almost like all the different Zelda worlds put together.
And it's the medieval Total War.
Oh, so it's the other way around. It's the Zelda hack for medieval Total War.
It's really crazy. The trailer they've got giant characters and stuff.
Of course there's an ad on there.
All I read was carrying around Link's dead corpse.
And I do give the ad credit because I did see the same ad earlier today
and I did not know Cigarose had a new album coming out.
Yes, it's out now actually.
They're going on tour again. Ooh, I really need to see them.
They're a great band.
But anyways, they've got some really crazy stuff as you get into it.
Let me get a little further if it's into it.
I didn't know who some of the characters were.
I mean, obviously I know who that is.
But they had some of the guy from Majora's Mask or whatever in there.
This looks neat.
It looks very, very epic.
Some of it looks a little bad.
A little derpy, yeah.
Her crying looks a little bad.
Well, I think it's supposed to be like some sort of...
But yeah, that thing looks cool. I don't know what that is.
But I didn't play any of the threes.
It kind of makes you want to check out Medieval 2 Total War, doesn't it?
Yeah, but let's see if this is the one.
Towards the end there, they've got some really cool stuff.
Neat.
Yeah.
Okay, Jamie, there you go.
Thank you, because their page has never worked right on my iPad.
Stop crashing people's iPads, fools.
Your developers seriously need to have their hands slapped.
Just saying.
Destructoid, hire better designers.
Oh, snap. Gauntlet throne.
Anyway, there is a report that a Gran Turismo movie is in development.
It's supposed to be produced by, let's see, Michael DeLuca and Dana Brunetti.
And they're also the people that are working on Fifty Shades of Shit.
I mean, Grey.
So I don't know how I would think about that.
Whatever.
And then, in other news, this is...
Well, you know, we rag on dating games every so often,
but this one is just hilarious.
There is an appearance in a dating game by Keiji Inafune.
It's basically, the game is called Sweet Fuse.
It's a dating game for the PSP.
And you can seduce one of seven steamy bachelors.
Ooh.
But Inafune is in the game and you can court him.
I was right, they have that coming out on PSP over here in the August.
Yeah.
Now that I know what that is, that's even creepier.
His portrait here looks creepy.
And he's listed as Legendary Creator.
So that's it.
Alright, unfortunately there's no FUGL question of the week this week.
I talked about that earlier.
Just thank my busy, hectic schedule.
I didn't even get around to thinking about OLR until an hour before we started the show tonight.
So that segment will be back in two weeks when we return,
as we will not be having a show live here next week.
Let's move on though to some more news in the meantime.
Alright, so sales haven't been that great.
There was an article that was on Gamasutra.
And they were talking, or I should say polling some of the developers that have games on there.
And they were talking about some of the attach rates and stuff and how not good they are.
For example, one of the games, I guess Hidden in Plain Sight,
it's brought in $4,381 on 1,900 purchases.
And that was basically sold at a pay-what-you-want price.
So, you know, minimum of a dollar.
Also, there was another game, Get on Top.
It's earned $728 off of 9,700 downloads and 520 purchases off that.
They were saying some of them, like Bomb Squad, which is one of the more popular games,
he's peaked, I guess, 200 sales per day.
And now it's sort of around 70 per day, which is a $5 game.
There's a really indie guy who created a game called Bomb Ball who's made a little over $30 a day.
That's not terrible.
I mean, for an indie, you know, maybe that's not terrible.
And then Tower Fall, which is probably one of the most notable games on the Ouya right now,
he said they've reached about 2,000 sales so far at $15 each.
So, you know, $30,000?
But basically, overall, the stats have shown that I want to say that only about 27% of people that have an Ouya
have actually bought games for it, whereas everyone else is just playing kind of free stuff.
I want to say it was 27%. It was some ridiculously high number.
Now, are we talking, like, actual free stuff?
Like, I don't know, the Amazing Frog and the parking valet or No Brakes valet
and the stuff that's actually free on there, or do you think emulators?
I think it's just that they're playing a lot of the free stuff.
I don't think that it's necessarily...
I think that a lot of the developers on there are...
Yeah, 73% of owners haven't bought a thing.
So I don't think right now that...
I think that some of the developers that are on there probably have never published a game before.
It may not know how much of the game to give away for free.
You know, like, there was something... I don't remember which game it was, but they were saying, like,
they had certain difficulty levels that were available, and the higher difficulties were behind a paywall.
Well, it ended up that a lot of people were just comfortable playing at the easy difficulties of that game,
and so not a lot of people were paying for that.
And so it comes to the point where, well, they could change it.
They could put out a new version of the game and change all that, or they just leave it alone and drop the price or something.
So I think a lot of it's just experiment and a lot of new people putting stuff on there that, you know,
they may not be... they may not know all the tricks to being able to bring in revenue on that kind of pay model.
You know, it leads us to this interesting comment in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com from our pal Bobby Blackwolf,
who says, why buy games when you can pirate them so easily?
Yeah, that's the thing, though, is you can't really pirate Ouya games too easily on there, at least as far as I'm aware.
You can pirate all other Android games on there quite easily, but you can't pirate Ouya games themselves very easily, that I've seen.
But yeah, because they don't have the Google Play Marketplace tied to this console,
there's nothing to check for the authenticity of, you know, those purchases.
So anything that you side load on there, if you happen to download a random API for anything, it will just run it.
Full version or whatever, and it'll just run it without having to purchase it.
So yeah, in that sense, it is really easy to pirate games on there, but for the actual Ouya games, it's not, because of the way they have it.
Now, that could very well change if, you know, I don't know what they would have to do to do that,
or if they can even put the Google Play Store on there. I know you can side load that.
But yeah, it's just... it's just tricky.
And once again, you know, with other consoles coming out, especially like the Mad Catz one, you know, the Mojo thing,
where it just is Google Play Store, and you just put your games on there, and it works on the TV,
and games that don't support controllers, you can map stuff to it. It just works, and there's plenty of content out there.
You don't need a specialized marketplace for it.
So, why spend the money on an Ouya when you can just spend your money on something else that works a lot better?
And it's just like a lot of people have taken the Ouya concept and made it better.
And that's... unfortunately, there's not really anything. They can't just put out another Ouya right now, you know.
It's going to be very interesting to see where the Ouya ends up in about six months, right?
Yeah.
So, we'll see.
Alright, anyhow, moving on to another news story about a game you're not going to be able to get on the Ouya,
but probably about everywhere else. Disney Infinity.
And, you know, Disney Infinity, of course, has Toy Box, which is like the creation mode,
which, you know, makes me kind of think at first about, like, LittleBigPlanet.
I didn't realize, really, how powerful this is until I saw this video.
And in this video, somebody basically recreated Super Mario Brothers 1-1.
And what's weird to me about this video is that, like, isn't this, like, an official type of, like, trailer or whatever?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, what's interesting about this is that they actually show, like, there's the little staircase with Buzz Lightyear going to a flagpole,
and it's like, wait a minute! Wait a minute!
Isn't level 1-1 kind of...
It's not similar with LittleBigPlanet 2.
Yeah, I guess that's true. And to be fair, it's just one small component that you see in the video here.
But still, wow, it looks very powerful.
And are you going to be able to share these across the internet and all that good stuff?
I'm sure you will be able to.
Yes. Yes, you will be able to.
This is going to be an interesting game. Interesting player.
I've already seen some of the next characters come out, too.
Oh, yeah? Like what?
Like, they've got, uh...
Like, well, they've, I mean, it's not stuff that's new because they've shown them in the trailers already.
But, like, well, perfect example right here.
You know, they're going to have the stuff from Wreck-It Ralph.
They're not going to have a Wreck-It Ralph playset, but they're going to have a Wreck-It Ralph.
They're going to introduce a new thing. It's like, instead of the playsets, it's a toy box set.
Basically, it's the characters and you get pieces for the toy box instead of, you know, an actual playset.
They're going to have a Toy Story 1 coming out, Jack Skellington around the same time.
And then, uh, I think in the Toy Story 1, it's Buzz Lightyear and...
Because I haven't watched Toy Story 2, it's the female cowboy.
Or, I can't remember.
Jessie.
Jessie. So, it's going to be Buzz and Jessie and then Woody sold separately.
So, um, it looks fun.
Buzz has Jessie and no Woody.
Yeah, well, it's just, they had to, they always put a female character in there because they want the appeal.
Well, except for the starter pack. It's all males.
But, like, for, like, cars and stuff, they have, like, they try to put a female character in there so that girls will buy it, too.
You know, so they can play as the girl characters and stuff like that.
Yeah.
But, yeah, it looks fun. I mean, it's expensive. I just don't...
Yeah, it's going to be an expensive hobby.
I don't want to buy all those characters.
Any word about, like, exclusive figures only at parks or things like that?
I haven't heard of anything yet. I mean, they haven't really said that they're going to do stuff like that.
It might come later on, like, next year. I mean, assuming this all takes off.
Um, I know Skylanders does that. They have exclusive characters for Toys R Us and stuff.
But, usually, they're just recolored characters and stuff.
Alright.
Dark Sakura.
Sorry, I got tangled.
And not in a fun way, either. You know.
So, anyway, um, we've talked a little bit about the Oculus Rift thing, about how kind of creepy it can be, and kind of weird.
Creepy awesome.
Yeah.
Well, there is a Japanese sex game that will be, uh, bringing out Oculus Rift support.
Nice.
The game is called Custom Made 3D, and it basically lets you create a maid that you can play with.
And it comes with a controller called the Juicy Air Support.
It's like a move controller, but it, um, isn't, uh...
It's a flashlight controller.
Yes, it is. So, thank you.
Um, so now, even though the game's been out for a little bit, it's, uh, got Oculus Rift support.
So, you can, uh, get your action a little bit more up close and personal.
Yeah.
Right.
Hey. Cut an edge.
Alright, whatever you're into, have fun with that.
Whatever sinks your battleship.
It's just that whole thing. Look, we've talked about this on the show before, right?
Which is for time to penis, which is usually, which usually is about peripherals.
And that is, how long will it take when they release this peripheral for someone to stick their dick in it?
Or, how long will it...
They already had that.
Or use their custom creation stuff. Like, for example, Disney and Fendi.
How long will it take for someone to create a giant phallus in their toy box?
Ten seconds. You know? Like, that's, that's...
Here's another, you know, further proof of that.
So, this great new technology comes out.
How long before somebody figures out how to work in wieners and boobs?
I'm sure this isn't necessarily the first attempt either, as those development kits have been out for a bit.
Anyhow, just a few more stories for you guys, and then the mailbag. Low-key.
Alright. So, Nintendo is now working to draw some, um, indie support as well to the Wii U.
Alrighty, it's pretty easy to publish indie titles on the Wii U.
And you do see a lot of indie games coming to the Wii U, especially a lot of Kickstarter-backed stuff.
You'll see, like, hey, we're making a Wii U version of it as well.
Um, but, you know, there are some comments done by, um, some of these indie developers,
including, um, I guess Dacko Dacko is one of the studios.
They have a game called Scram Kitty and His Buddy on the Rails.
Or Buddy on Rails.
And, uh, that'll be coming to the Wii U.
They said, basically, they don't shout very loud about it, but they are working hard behind the scenes to make their platform as welcoming as possible.
I gotta see what the hell this game is.
Wow, that's kind of neat.
It's got a cat. It looks kind of evil.
It's a...
puzzle platformer?
Oh, neat.
Um, and then, of course, they were saying that, uh,
uh, former, uh, I can't even pronounce this guy.
Uh, this company, uh, Nam-Nam?
Where?
Nam-Nam. I think that's Nam-Nam.
Nam-Nam.
Nam-Nam. I'm gonna say Nam-Nam.
Nam-Nam.
Um, they're saying, you know, they focus quality over quantity.
Um, they're actively seeking indies, but they're looking for quality experience developers that can make,
maybe form a longer-term relationship.
Um, I guess they're bringing, uh, Tengami is the game they're bringing there.
And then, um, also they're talking about Dreamfall Chapters, the longest journey.
Um, that, uh, basically saying, you know, they approached them last autumn,
and immediately after Dreamfall Chapters was announced, they were, in fact, the first console manufacturer to do so.
Um, yeah. So, that's cool that they're supporting indies.
I mean, it's getting very interesting for indies, because now you have all these indie developers out there,
and, like, these, the console manufacturers are actively kind of seeking these guys out.
And that's gotta be exciting for a lot of people to get into development.
You know, it costs a lot to develop a triple-A game, and indie games,
not that they don't cost a lot to develop, because they do too,
but they're such a smaller scale.
And also there's a high potential for return on their investment.
This is exactly what happens in movies, right?
We've heard about these big-budget movies that have kind of flopsied, right?
Like, we had the, um, uh, God, there was the, um, the Turbo, the animated film that just came out.
The Lone Ranger.
Yeah, the Lone Ranger. The Ryan Reynolds and Jeff Bridges movie, really tanked too, that just came out, like, last week.
R.I.P.D.
And, you know, some of these companies are having to take big losses on these,
and that's why a lot of movie companies really prefer to find these low-budget movies
that don't cost a lot of money, that, that make hundreds of times back their budget sometimes.
Like, remember there's something about Mary? That movie?
That was a huge profit for that company that put that out there, because that movie probably cost-
The Blair-Wench? Or, the Blair-Wench project?
That was a porno, you sick fuck!
But that had a high return on investment as well.
You know, if they want Ryan Reynolds to do a movie that's gonna make money, just hurry up and do Deadpool.
Right?
The Blair-Wench project, though, that was, um, huge.
That's another good example.
Not so much for the sequel, but, you know, it was huge for the first one.
And I've been hearing a lot of buzz around this indie movie, the, uh, Fruitvale Station,
which, you know, maybe that's because I'm in Northern California, but it's based on some very unfortunate events
that happened in Northern California, but that apparently is getting a lot of buzz,
that it's, you know, a great movie, and it's probably gonna make a ton of money at the box office,
and was made relatively on the cheap, too, so, I mean, you know, it's-
Here's a good example. Clerks.
Oh, yeah. Oh, absolutely. Pretty much any movie that guy makes, although not all of them-
Except for Jersey Girl.
And, uh, Mallrats. Yeah, not all of them-
Mallrats was great!
But, it was a good movie, but it didn't profit, really.
Not all of his movies profit, unfortunately. So, anyhow.
I don't know how we got on that tangent, I guess because about, like, indie games, you know,
there's a potential for better return on investment there, so-
I know exactly how it happened.
Mm.
Because the same thing also happens in the movie industry. For example-
Oh, I totally forgot this movie came out this weekend. Tiger Class said he saw The Wolverine.
The Wolverine came out this week and did really well at the box office. It literally made back its budget.
Wanna see it.
I do, but-
It looks so terrible, too, and that's kinda-
Hey, as an 80s Wolverine reader, we're forgiving.
The weird thing to me is that I thought they already made a Wolverine movie.
They did.
I mean, I guess this is, like, a sequel or whatever, or a different direction.
This is taking on the whole Wolverine in Japan arc.
But it's the same guy. It's so weird to me.
He's- I don't care. He's pretty.
Hugh Jackman is a good actor, you know? Just on the general.
I want to pet him.
I don't know that his wife would like that, but I care.
Of course you do. Of course you do.
Alright, moving on. I'm sure some of you guys saw this crazy video that was out there on the internet this week,
where some folks were driving a car with a Nintendo controller.
Now, obviously, there are limits to this, but cables that connect the controller to the electronic unit inside the car,
a 2010 Ford Escape, and a Toyota Prius.
This is a project funded by DARPA, and it's to raise awareness about over-reliance on computer systems and vehicles.
One of the researchers, who goes by Charlie Miller, said,
We would love for everyone to start having a discussion about this, and for manufacturers to listen and improve the security of cars.
I don't know if that's how most people are taking this. I think most people are looking at it going,
Cool! It's Mario Kart for real!
Meanwhile, we have operator-less cars.
Yeah, that's true.
Oh god, I saw one of those Google cars on the freeway once. Did I tell you about that?
But somebody was at the wheel.
I kind of always thought, though, that maybe even though the cars are driving themselves,
somebody's probably right there, ready to take over the car, just in case.
Like driver school or something.
There was a neat one where, basically, they had a blind girl sitting in the driver's seat.
So, you know, with her hands on the wheel and everything, even though the car was doing the work,
for her, it was like a giddy moment, being blind all of her life and being behind the wheel of a car.
But it sounds like, to me, it's like cruise control, just cruise control with GPS navigation.
Well, they also have directional sensors and, what's the word I'm thinking of,
locator to check for items around them, echolocation sensors, I think.
Alright, well that brings us to the mailbag.
And every week you guys can email us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Soccer will dive in the mailbag head first and hopefully she won't find me anthrax.
But she will find, I was talking about an 80's metal band, but she will find some excellent emails.
If it's anthrax and a public enemy, sign me up.
Alright, she will find some of your emails to read here live on air.
Again, that's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com. Please feel free to email us.
Unless you are a spammer, in which case you can fuck right off.
You can fuck off and die.
That's right.
We actually have had a last minute, looks like an email that came after the show last week.
It said, I emailed earlier but forgot to ask, is it possible that for the FUs of the week
you could play the old Final Fantasy Advent Children's Saffiroth theme?
I miss it so bad.
That should be badly, by the way, that's an adverb.
Thanks again, Ricimo.
What do you say? Should I try to dig that up and give this guy his wish?
Sure.
Why not? Alright, I'll dig that up while you read the email.
Only if you use adverbs correctly in the future.
It's not so bad, it's so badly.
This is a conditional granted request.
We're having some faith in you.
Don't say, I want that so bad.
We believe in you.
I want that so badly.
We believe in you, but don't you dare let us down.
Alright.
Awful.
Please call me Serger.
Okay, Serger.
Hi, O.L.R.
I know Dark Soccer has been having house buying drama.
God knows shit, especially today.
So I thought I'd encourage her with my own success story.
Or make me jealous, I don't know.
I'm a long-term mentor and have been saving for a home,
but I needed that final push to start the arduous home buying process.
This spring I was playing Animal Crossing Wild World on my 3DS XL,
and paying my loan to Nook, and it hit me.
I should be paying off a mortgage for reals.
Long story short, I'm closing on house on August 19th.
Next I plan on getting married after playing Harvest Moon.
You gonna get a cow?
Wait, is this for real or is this kind of troll?
Like, I don't know.
Like, I kind of...
Like, you seriously...
Well, sometimes people have aha moments.
I guess that's true.
I'm sorry if I called you a troll,
but it's just kind of amusing to me
that, like, you know, you played Animal Crossing
and you realized, wow, I should go get a house for real.
But then the whole, I should go get a girlfriend for real.
That's where I'm starting to go.
Is this a troll?
You know what? It's funny.
I was actually visiting Queen Simia's town a couple weeks ago,
and we were talking about paying off the mortgages,
and I was like...
And she made some comment, like, wouldn't it be a lot better
if the real estate market was like this for real?
I was like, I wouldn't have this problem right now if it did.
If this was a troll, though, this was a great troll, so I, uh...
A plus.
A searcher.
Yeah.
Who we have seen in chat.
Yes, I do recognize the name. I do.
This says, hey, y'all.
Hey.
Hi.
This is from Ospher.
Oh, God, this is long.
Stop it. Stop.
In the weeks following this year's E3 showing,
I sought out other video game podcasts to listen to,
in addition to yours, of course.
Good.
While I did enjoy some of the other shows I heard,
I came to the realization that the host of OLR
is what truly gives it a solid advantage over the rest of the competition.
Yes, we do.
Aw, sucks.
You have three hosts, each with very different backgrounds,
and each of which cover a different social aspect and identity.
I love what each personality brings to the table as well,
and I love your grammar.
Loki, while often funny, yet ranty voice of the show
plays an important role of speaking openly his thoughts
on what a lot of gamers might have on their minds,
but might not have the balls to speak it.
His rants are welcome, at least by myself.
He's got an amazing head on his shoulders,
and shows that he's very knowledgeable about the industry as a whole.
These rants only happen because he's a guy that truly cares
about the games and the gamers who play them.
You know, DarkSakura, logging mails are okay when they exist
to inflate our egos a little bit.
Yes, thank you.
Keep going, sir. Keep going.
Hey, it's the part about me next.
DarkSakura is a bitch.
No.
No.
DarkSakura is a very admirable host due to her ways
in which she approaches deep gaming discussions,
or discussions on any topic for that matter.
Are you saying I get off topic?
While sometimes she may be quiet for the initial talk between Robin and Loki,
you can tell she has been gathering her thoughts to make some great points.
No, she hasn't. She's been catching bugs.
I turned off Animal Crossing in the middle of Bobby's show
just because I had a visitor at 5 o'clock.
I've been crocheting the whole time, but I've been listening.
Her penis cozy is now like a boa constrictor cozy.
That's how long she's been doing.
You're really going to have a limited target demographic with that one.
You know what? I'm going to say this.
It helps me concentrate to have something to do with my hands.
And as a corporate trainer during the day,
I can actually say that as like some people,
when they are actually like moving their hands,
it's very like they actually learn more.
That's why they encourage...
It's called kinesthetic learning.
Oh, I know.
I like it. One meeting when I was working for the student loan place
and they put out Legos to see if we retained more by playing with Legos.
I built a little tower, but I remembered more.
Anyway, where was I? More stuff about me.
Okay.
She's just been gathering her thoughts to make some great points
and also quick to point out something the other hosts may have missed.
She's an awesome listener and I really admire her desire to understand
what others may have trouble communicating,
such as the incident of an angry email the show received
that Basch and other hosts close to the OLR family.
Even through that, she calmly read through and restated the point
the email was trying to get across gaming-wise
and that was pretty freaking awesome that she even gave it the chance.
Well, thank you.
You were a saint for giving that email a chance, but yes.
Okay.
And then there's Rob.
No, then there's that guy.
Some may say he's the glue that holds the show together.
Others may poke fun at him for making flappy hands
while taking a single shot of some sort of alcohol.
I'm on my second glass of wine and I'm holding up just fine.
Yeah, but it's not burning your face off like the fireball.
No, the fireball was really...
I can smell that.
That and the, um, what was the other stuff we had that one night?
Oh, God.
Yeah, anyway.
Sorry, let's not turn this into a liquor discussion.
Okay.
Rob never has a one-way mentality towards any gaming issue
and he will always play devil's advocate to try and see things from both sides.
He's never too serious, but he's serious when it is warranted
and he's always there to listen to a gamer's plea for help
or just help others in general.
Tonight, I'm going to come to him for some advice.
Uh-oh.
Rob.
Yes?
As a gay gamer, you've certainly felt what it's like to be pressured by your family
before coming out to them.
You must know what it's like to have them wondering
why you aren't trying to find a girlfriend or to feel that pressure
that you have to please them by giving them grandchildren one day.
At least you might have felt that until you came out to them.
How did you do it?
I asked because very recently I was on a walk with my dad.
He's very conservative, often scoffing at any gay issue
when he sees it comes up in the news.
Yet when I showed him concerns about my uncle telling us that you choose to be gay
and if you are gay you're going to hell, obviously this isn't true
and when I told him that I had sour feelings toward him because of it,
he said you shouldn't hate someone because of something they said.
They might just be uninformed.
After this he followed up with you can be whoever you can be with whoever you want with
as long as it makes you happy.
I don't care what you want to do with your life as long as it satisfies that.
Should I just tell my parents that I'm gay?
I know this is a tough question but I don't know anyone better to come out to
about this except for yourself.
I'll make my decision based on what you tell me following this email.
Sincerely, Oscar.
P.S. Really sorry this email is a bit long.
I just need some thoughts out there.
Can I say one thing?
Please.
Usually your parents know.
Actually this is what I was going to get to as well.
This is a very heavy email and not about games but I'm all about
there's more to gaming than the games themselves if that makes sense.
You can't have the games without the players, right?
Right. So let me, yes I will tackle this issue here and help this guy out
because he's clearly asking for it.
What Dark Soccer just said to some extent is true.
There's a good chance they already know.
And that's a good indication based off what your dad said.
And you know when I came out to my parents I was very fortunate
that I had a fairly positive-ish reaction.
You know my mom was upset for about a day but never at me.
She blamed herself because she felt it was her fault.
She felt she, and I think she had the whole thought about grandchildren
and so forth but she wised up to it.
I mean the year is 2013.
It's a different world we live in now.
Even though you're gay that doesn't mean you can't have kids.
It's just you don't have kids the same way other people have kids.
You adopt or you have the surrogate mother or whatever.
There's tons of options out there.
So just because you're gay doesn't mean you can't have kids.
So get that out of your mind first off.
Second off, my parent, my mom actually asked me when around the time I was 20
she would ask me almost every day.
Like it really got bad during one summer.
Like, are you gay? Are you gay? Are you gay?
And suddenly one day I finally just kind of like, I just had my fill of it.
I was like, yes, dammit, leave me alone type of thing.
And we kind of had like that blow up discussion.
But you know things were fine.
I know the first thing she did was she called my grandma
who has since passed away.
May she rest in peace.
Because the first thing my grandma said when my mom said Rob's gay
is my grandma said, so what?
Which is a great thing.
I realize though that I'm very fortunate in that regard
where I have a very cool supportive environment
and not everybody is so lucky.
Like your uncle sounds like a bit of a knob.
You know, unfortunately you may not get that same level of support from him.
The point I wanted to get at though is that the reason why my mom escalated
in asking me the question is that apparently unbeknownst to me
I had a female friend stay the night at my place once while I was in college.
And she called her parents to ask if it was okay to stay over.
And she said, even though she was kind of whispering on the phone,
she said, no it's fine. He's gay. Nothing's going to happen.
My mom overheard that conversation.
So she already knew and she was waiting for me to tell her.
And she said later on, she's like, you know, I've always suspected
since you were younger.
I'm not a big fan of that because I don't think that certain behaviors
are indicative of certain sexuality.
Speaking in this whole larger discussion about gender norms
and, you know, being effeminate and gay is not necessarily the same thing.
There's plenty of effeminate guys who are very straight.
There's plenty of, you know, I don't know what you would call it.
But don't use the fucking term straight acting with me
because I hate that shit.
There's no such thing as straight acting.
Everybody little bit gay.
Here's a good example of someone who you look at
and you might not see the gaydar set off with who's John Barriman.
Okay, true. So here's the thing.
Is it possible your parents have come across something
that maybe they already have this indication
and they're waiting for you to tell them?
Now, I think as far as you telling them, that is really up to you.
You know best when the right time to tell them is.
I think sometimes there's a lot of pressure in the gay community
to be like, come out, come out wherever you are.
Come out. Get out of the closet.
I'm a little bit more of the mindset of that is a little bit more
of a utopian view of where we should be.
But it is quite frankly dangerous in some areas to do that.
So my advice to you is if you are out on your own
and living on your own and doing your own thing
and making your own choices, then guess what?
You get to live your own life.
And I think yeah, I think it might be a good time
for you to tell your parents about this.
Especially if you get this indication that they already know.
But if you're still living at home
and there's the chance there could be an ugly backlash,
you need to have a backup plan if you're going to tell them.
Just in case.
And I pray to you that you don't have to use it.
And I really hope that you don't have to use that plan B.
But it is the smart thing to do.
Just in case.
But if they did already know, it might have already been ugly.
So, you know, I really have to say like I can't sit here,
Oscar, and say yes do it or no don't do it.
Because guess what? I don't know your parents.
I don't know your life.
I don't know the way you conduct yourself on a day-to-day basis.
You really know the answer to this question.
But if you're in a place where your life where you can be your own person,
then I say you know what?
Go ahead and tell them.
But, you know, remember your friends,
your real friends will always support you through this no matter what.
That's the most important thing.
So, and I will say this.
I don't want to get into this too much on a video game podcast.
I did, in my mind, I did lose a brother to this issue.
He's still alive and all that stuff.
We don't speak.
I haven't spoken to him for a very long time.
And it is partially because of this issue.
And there will be some tough decisions you have to make along those lines.
But you know what?
I may have lost a brother there,
but I have made so many other close male friends
that like honestly I would consider brothers.
That are more brothers to me than my, my,
it's complicated.
He's actually adopted.
But my biological.
The one you grew up with.
Well, not even that because he was 14 when I was born.
So, but my, my mother brother will say that.
I feel closely to these guys than I do my mother brother.
So anyway, that's my very long winded answer.
Sorry for the folks that were here to listen to the games,
but maybe you were curious.
I don't know.
Well, you know, and it's.
He might be the only person out there having that same sort of thought too.
So if it benefits somebody, then by all means, ask the difficult questions.
Yeah.
So, um, and you know what, if you're,
if you're straight out there listening to this and you know,
maybe you don't, you know,
take this little feedback I'm giving to us for here as maybe like a little bit
of perspective.
Like maybe this is why we need an event like gamer X,
because a lot of people respond to something like gamer X going, well,
when's the straight gaming convention. Okay.
Well when your parents kick you out of your house for being straight and you
get persecuted by society for that,
and you are treated as a second class citizen and people pass laws
against the way you are.
Look at Russia right now.
You can get your fucking con.
Yeah.
These are the same people ask when we have white pride month.
But yeah, some people need a safe place.
Thank your white privilege that you have a safe place.
Yeah.
That's all I'm going to say. And I'll get off my soap box.
I swear to God that shit pisses me off though.
Where do I get my straight pride parade?
You get it every single fucking day.
So next email.
Yes please.
Okay.
Um, this is a rageinator.
Hi, Loki, dark soccer, and Rob. It's your friendly neighborhood.
Rageinator provided that there is enough time in tonight's show.
I'd like to propose that you do something akin to combining listless
and classic game of the week.
Why not come up with a definitive top 10 list of classic games that
people should play?
You know, it's funny.
I don't think we've ever done like listless on the very obvious topics
such as this one.
Uh, listless is always kind of for the silly stuff, but, um,
why not?
Why not?
Not tonight.
Maybe like as an OLR special sometime we'll run down like 30 classic
games, 10 each or something that you ought to be playing.
Although we do, we do have the classic game of the week built in every
week.
We also do kind of have March Madness, which is, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Um, uh, I always want to say DMM, but it was Bresl's thing.
Right.
So, um, but I liked your idea maybe for other topics.
Like we need to do more like special shows and one off things.
So it'd be fun.
Yeah.
Well, um,
I think that's, let me check and see if there's any more emails.
Um,
in Korean.
No, it's in Mandarin, but what's this one?
Oh, there's a thank you mail.
Yay.
Oh, wow.
This is okay.
We got one more.
Good thing I checked, isn't it?
Yay.
Dear OLR, I wanted to send you a quick email to thank you for putting on a
great show for so many years.
We don't always agree, but I always enjoy listening to OLR and I look
forward to the next gen discussions that will take place once we get the
PlayStation 4 and Xbox one in hand.
I look forward to the day when we can separate facts from fiction and
conversations will be steered toward how fun NAC is or how I lapped Black
Wolf in fours of five.
I also look forward to adding everyone to my friends list on Xbox Live and
PSN once the friends cap is raised with these new systems.
I know everyone likes to think I'm an Xbox fan boy,
but I am truly looking forward to experiencing what Sony and Microsoft
have to offer us over the next five years or so,
as well as what Nintendo will be bringing to the table as well.
Hopefully I can accept Rob's invitation to visit OLR in person at some point
since I only live a few hours away in Fresno.
Yes.
So sorry.
Keep up the great work, Shadow Next Gen.
When I ran into him at E3, I was like, you live in Fresno.
Why don't you drive up sometime?
We had a dude from Bakersfield come up and do the MS walk with us.
If he can do that, you can do this.
So yes, open invite, Shadow Next Gen.
Come on over sometimes and thank you for the email.
And I'm sorry for Fresno.
It's halfway to Disneyland. Think of it that way.
No, it's near the Bravo Cheese Farms.
What about the good things that Fresno did?
I went to a Weird Al concert.
That was cool.
Alright, thank you very much for the emails.
Haha, Bobby.
What?
Shadow Next Gen, you shut up about your fours a-lapping.
Alright.
Well, thank you very much.
There were some really kind emails tonight.
You guys rule.
Even though we got a little heavy with one of those emails,
it was a good discussion.
So you guys rule.
Alright, so speaking of emailers,
we shall grant the wish of one of our emailers tonight
and bring on the FUs of the Week
with an old-school song from Orange Lounge Radio,
what we used to use for the FUs of the Week.
It has my stabby part in it.
Here we go.
With murder.
Yes.
Here we go.
It's the FUs of the Week time.
My FU goes towards losing that house.
We had been told we lost the house,
but it turns out that it had actually been an old message,
so we thought we got it, and it turns out we didn't.
So there's a very selfish, spiteful part of me
that still hopes that there's one way we can get it,
but it's back to looking.
We may talk to a house flipper.
So back to the hunt.
Just ready to be done.
I'm ready to be in any place.
And an FU to my nerves,
because I'm pretty sure that my job is going to be awesome.
Everybody there was awesome.
All the stuff that goes with it is awesome.
I'm just a little nervous because I don't want to fuck this up.
Loki.
That's just FU death.
FU the fact that all my coworkers are gone.
All the coworkers that used to play for me,
those are gone.
That's my boss.
I kick his ass every day.
Call of Duty.
And it's just like...
And half the time he doesn't even want to play
because he's got errands to run.
Or the coworker has errands to run.
I don't even take breaks anymore.
Because why bother walking over there with a flake
and buy myself a bottle of coffee?
Because it's a law.
You have to take a break.
Are you hourly or salary?
I'm hourly.
You're supposed to take a break.
I'm supposed to.
You're breaking the law.
I take...
To quote the argument sketch from Money Python,
I could be choosing to argue in my spare time.
Whatever.
So yeah.
There's no point in me walking over to the game room
to try to play an Xbox Live game
because our live connection is absolute shit
and we get disconnected all the time.
It's because we're on 20 gigs down to the whole company.
It's like my internet running a hundred computers.
It's not going to happen.
So yeah.
That's it.
Alright.
Let's see.
My FU of the week.
One goes to stress.
Because stress will just drive people insane.
Stress will fuck up your body.
Stress sucks.
So I'm going to give an FU to stress.
And it's not necessarily me just going through stress
but I just see the impact it has on other people
and it's never any fun.
So I want to also say that FU did the fact
that Video Games Live was in San Francisco
on Thursday and Friday.
And I didn't go because I was so busy
with so much other stuff going on this weekend.
I didn't go.
So I'm kind of irritated at that.
I really wanted to go
and it just wasn't going to work out for me this year.
But I do want to give a thank you.
I want to give a thank you.
Should I give some thank you music here?
Let's see.
Go back to the hippy dippy classic game of the week music here.
I want to give a thank you to Brad from Pod Culture.
Well not only is he pretty much just an awesome guy.
He's helped out Horde House and so forth
and you all should be listening to Pod Culture.
But he said here in chat,
you never have to apologize for the tangents,
serious or funny.
They are a part of you guys and thus a part of gaming
and why we tune in.
So.
Shucks.
I just had a big smile.
Thank you guys.
Many hearts.
To all of you.
Thank you to all of you.
Not just Brad,
but Brad needs to share his thanks with all you guys
that tune in every week,
be it live or podcast form.
Aw shucks.
You made it this far in the show.
You're awesome.
Gold star for you.
All right.
Let us move on, shall we?
Loki.
All right.
So this is kind of interesting.
It's kind of a culmination of a lawsuit
that's been in the works for a while.
You may remember the original creator of Madden
was filing a lawsuit against E.A.
for some royalties that were unpaid
between, you know, 1990 and, you know, 1996.
Didn't they find out there were more monies due too?
I don't know if this is the same situation,
but apparently he got $11 million.
So.
So, yeah.
And great for him, I guess.
Finally, the Madden games are good for something.
So basically, the jury found that the games released
during that time were virtually identical to the original.
Ha ha ha.
This is like the Wii version of the game now.
See, and, you know,
the original version of Madden NFL Football
developed by Antonyc
and basically saying that they,
you know, I guess the Antonyc and his attorneys
will seek to appeal previous rulings
that exclude the Super Nintendo games
and fraud claims from the jury deliberations.
So I think they are still gonna try to seek some more money,
but right now $11 million isn't nothing to shy away from.
So that's pretty cool.
All righty.
Maybe he can buy himself a new game studio
for that amount of money.
Hey, Atlas is on the table.
There you go.
You might be able to pick up an Atari IP while you're at it.
Moving on.
This is really sad news, actually.
It kind of sucks.
Do you remember that Darkstalkers
was set to make this big return
and we had Darkstalkers Resurrections
came out recently, right?
Yeah.
Well, here's a quote from Capcom product manager Matt Dahlgren.
Darkstalkers Resurrection did not perform as well
as we would have liked to perform.
There is nothing Darkstalkers on the immediate horizon for sure,
meaning if you were looking forward to Darkstalkers 4,
you'll be waiting a little bit longer,
and it's all because you didn't support Darkstalkers Resurrection.
This is basically all your fault.
It's because we hate you
as much as we hate the people like Mega Man.
So, but enjoy Dead Rising 3.
Please look forward to it.
And look forward to Strider.
Now, actually, you know what?
You know what?
If I had to send Darkstalkers off for a Viking funeral
and never see it again,
to trade it for another Strider game...
Hell yeah!
I'm okay with that, to be honest.
Yeah, but okay, let's look at all the games
that they've decided to put out again
or make new versions of or something,
versus Mega Man.
We've had the Dungeons & Dragons arcade games.
Final Fight.
Final Fight's good, but...
DuckTales.
Strider.
And the problem is?
The problem is,
I mean, DuckTales, while good and everything,
it's not Mega Man.
Why can't we get a new Mega Man?
I mean, I guess we got Mega Man 9 and 10,
but we need more Mega Man.
You're still making Dead Rising games,
and those aren't that great.
I think Strider trumps it.
I have no interest in the Strider game.
All right, well, going to the chatroom
at live.vognetwork.com,
ActDef says,
No, no, fuck Strider.
I want new Darkstalkers.
And BlackWolf says,
I want new games not based on old IP.
Ugh, haters.
Let's see.
Also, ShadowNextGen says,
and before I open up the phones at 1877 Game OLR
or a username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio,
all one word,
ShadowNextGen says,
There was some fairly big Activision news that is happening.
I'm surprised no one has mentioned it,
at least not yet.
You know it did mysteriously not make the show roll.
I guess nobody posted it,
and I forgot about it amongst all the other craziness going on.
Oh, about them buying themselves back.
Yeah, about the whole buying themselves back.
And I remember we saw the signs kind of leading up to it
with the whole Vivendi's looking to unload.
So, yeah, quickly, let's bring that up.
They basically bought themselves.
Yeah, they bought themselves back.
Well, what does that really mean, though, Loki?
It means that...
Eight billion.
They paid eight billion for themselves.
They bought out the shares that Vivendi owned.
Now, Vivendi still owns part of it.
It's 12% of the company versus, I guess,
a controlling share or something, but...
Over 50%.
Yeah, so they basically bought that stuff back.
There's also another...
Some Asian company also put some money down.
I think they have, like, the Call of Duty online game
in China or something.
They put some money down, too, as well.
That's part of that.
But, yeah, so basically they bought out that person's,
or that company's shares of their company,
and now they have the controlling shares again.
Some folks in the chat room are saying,
Activision is now an independent company.
I don't know if I'd go that far.
Would you consider Activision games indie games at this point?
I'm not sure.
I mean, what is an indie game, I guess?
I always think of an indie game
as like something dudes in a basement wrote.
It's usually low budget.
Yeah, yeah.
So I don't know if I'd go that far.
I want that as a game, dudes in a basement.
But it's more interesting to see what's gonna develop from this.
I mean, from a financial investing stock side,
it's fascinating, but I'm waiting to see, like,
does change in policy come from this?
Because the management's not gonna change.
The CEO doesn't change.
Just means they make more money at the end of the day
because more of that...
Maybe they don't have to answer
to a greater board of directors.
That's the one thing that gets cut out.
We can raise the prices of the games again.
The prices of the games again, yes!
Or maybe make some big decisions
to take World of Warcraft free to play
or whatever they gotta do.
So it'd be interesting.
All right.
Well, if you want to call in and talk about this,
the Activision split,
or anything else we've talked about this week on the...
or this week, yeah, this week tonight on the show,
1877 Game OLR,
or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We're gonna open those phones right now for you to call in.
If you have anything you want to talk about at all,
you can do that right now.
Meanwhile, I will look for some last-minute stories.
I'm gonna go to Twitter as well,
see if there's anything on there.
But, Loki, DarkSakura,
either of you have some last-minute stories
you want to share?
No.
I mean, no.
My voice decided to die.
Fair enough. Loki?
No, I don't really have anything right now.
Holy moly!
It's a slow news week.
It was a little bit of a slow news week
when all that drama about the indie game
and all that kind of takes center stage.
I think that kind of tells you what kind of week it was.
But, okay, there's a few things
that the Twitter folks are sending us,
so let me read some of these tweets real quick,
and maybe some of you guys heard about these stories.
SSG100Matt says there was some punch-out-related news.
Apparently, Mike Tyson was caught by TMZ.
You know TMZ is that really trashy tabloid site
that, like, stalks celebrities at airports
and asks them really stupid questions?
Well, Mike, apparently one of those guys at TMZ
asked Mike Tyson,
Hey, how far can you get in Mike Tyson's punch-out?
Have you been able to beat yourself?
And he said that he sucks at it,
like he can't even get past the first guy.
Oh my god, that is so stupid.
Hey, Mike Tyson, what's your favorite brand of chips?
Hey, what kind of...
It's like, what kind of ice cream you like?
Is that really what they're approaching?
Well, you know, Loki, I think I like the Ruffles chips
because I don't have ears.
Is that like what they really like?
That was the worst impression by that.
Is that like what they're really doing
to celebrities nowadays, like stalking them,
to ask them really fucking stupid questions?
Have you looked at TMZ?
No, I have not.
Never, never.
It is the cesspool of the internet.
Like, if the Big Brother house is the cesspool of society,
then TMZ is the pooper in that house.
Yo, Mike, what do you think about the royal baby?
Who cares? Alright, look.
It's a baby.
Alright, look, we got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
I just want you to know,
I had to bite my tongue during that whole segment
so I wouldn't bust out in full laughter.
Did you like my impression?
Oh, God. You're just terrible, man.
Just terrible.
Alright, what's on your mind, buddy?
Not much. First, I want to say
the advice that you gave earlier in the podcast...
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
It means a lot.
It does, because I'm dealing with some similar issues.
I have to talk to you about that another time,
but I truly understand somewhat where you're coming from
with this and that, so...
But I actually called in to let you know
that I'm actually getting my replacement headset
from Astro Gaming.
Oh, that's right.
You're having all this drama with Astro Gaming.
For the new listeners, recap real quick.
Long story short, I was having issues
with the mixer and the headset,
and it took them maybe about several months
through various emails to try to get it fixed.
The mixer got replaced, the mic got replaced,
but not the headset.
That problem still persisted.
It's like the clouds in the sky parted
and the sun shone through,
and all these customer service issues
are getting fixed this week,
because Loki's finally getting his damn controller, too,
for the Ouya.
Well, allegedly, until that thing shows up.
Except it's coming from DHL,
so it'll be probably fired out of a cannon
across the Pacific Ocean and hopefully land.
I gotta get my Ouya back for me this week.
They're delivering by carrier pigeon.
That's because DHL packed it up and left.
They couldn't compete with FedEx and UPS.
They closed up several years ago.
It was just whatever's left.
Well, congratulations on getting
what you needed from the company.
It's a good, happy end to the story, we hope.
It took two phone calls.
The guy called me back.
I explained everything,
so they sent me a brand new 2013 kit.
And the appropriate cables for the new mixer.
Dark Tetsuya in our chat room,
sorry to go on a tangent here real quick,
but says about the whole Mike Tyson impression
I did earlier.
Rob should really get into VA work
after this OLR thing ends.
Dude, why do I have to wait for OLR to end?
You want OLR to end?
Fine.
Last show, everybody.
Bye.
No.
Not really.
That means Uchon gets started on OLR,
the Flash animated series.
Why does that have to be something we wait on?
You know what?
I did used to want to be a voice actor.
Yeah, the VA thing?
I would be so down with that.
Throw me a script, people.
I'm not very good at pursuing that stuff on my own
because I do have a day job and all that,
but it would be a dream to be a cartoon character
or something, you know?
So, absolutely.
Throw an idea my way and I'd be happy to do it.
Even if it's just a little cameo.
Even if I have to play derpy hooves or whatever,
I'll do it.
Anyhow, what else is going on with you, Rama?
What else in gaming?
What have you been playing lately?
You might get mad if I tell you the game
I've been playing for the last week,
the last several weeks.
Try me.
Sailor Moon S Fighting Game.
No.
I've been playing Candy Crush Saga.
Oh, God.
Judgingyou.com.
I'm judging you times two.
Actually, is that a site?
I don't know.
This is coming from people who play Warcraft and FF11.
This is coming from people who play Warcraft and FF11.
For shame, good people.
For shame.
Okay, look.
Bobby told us to hang up on you.
We're not gonna because we have some tolerance, but still.
Judging.
Wow, somebody has Judgingyou.com
and it says it's currently under construction.
It looks like a web page from 2005.
And now we're judging you, Judgingyou.com.
Yeah, I'm totally judging you, Judgingyou.com.
All right, anyhow.
Candy Crush Saga, what stage are you on in Candy Crush?
315.
Holy shit!
How much have you spent?
None.
Wow, okay.
I am kind of impressed.
You know, I blocked that today.
Some of those levels are pretty fucking impossible without buying power-ups,
so applause to you, my friend.
No, no applause,
because I'll be the first one to admit that I cheated on half those levels,
and you know what?
Even with all the extra power-ups, the game is still kicking my ass.
Even with power-ups, I was stuck on the same level for a solid week.
How do you...
How do you...
Sorry, I got confused with a little tweet here.
How do you...
You said you cheat.
Yeah, how do you cheat in Candy Crush when it's an online game?
I play on my tablet.
And believe it or not, even though it's an online game,
there are ways to access the Facebook app through third-party applications.
Oh, okay.
All right, gotcha, gotcha.
All right, well, thanks for the call, Rama.
I'm going to let you go and try to get some more calls, okay?
No problem, and stay fabulous, darling.
I will, always.
You got it.
Stay black.
Black.
You got it!
All right, bye.
And for anyone, that's been a long-running inside joke on the show,
just to be clear.
It was from Dan.
It's something that Dan started, which was hilarious.
Because my husband's a dooper.
Well, he didn't know what else to say in that moment,
so it was just really funny when he said that.
All right, anyhow,
BlackWolf in our chatroom says,
I'm sad to report that Candy Crush Jam Session has been cancelled.
Oh, I didn't let poor Rama plug Anime Jam Session.
Well, you should listen on Tuesday nights.
All right, let's go back to the phones.
1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
Otherwise, I still have some more tweets for you guys.
SGA100Matt did have a second Punch Out tweet for us,
and that is,
A Gaming Did You Know?
The title theme to Punch Out came from Gillette's
Cavalcade of Sports 1950 intro.
And Bobby Blackwell followed that up with,
it actually was one of Gillette's theme songs,
very famous back then.
Here's Boston Pop's version,
and a whole bunch of YouTubes were linked.
So, you know, a lot of gaming songs kind of end up getting inspired by
stuff that's out there in popular culture.
Jairus.
I was just talking about one of my favorite
Commodore 64 games today on Game Buoy,
and I won't tell you what game it is.
You'll have to listen to their show to find out.
But it has a whole stage named after a popular song from the 80s,
and actually the little music in the stage was kind of inspired by that song.
It's all based on Whitney Houston.
All right.
I watched a video today of Left 4 Dead 2 mods
that had Whitney Houston as a playable character.
Oh my, that's terrible.
That's terrible.
Again, she's putting a shout out there for some phone calls,
Orange Launch Radio,
all one word on Skype,
or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Rob, remember when we used to make the RIP names in WoW?
Yeah, I still have RIP Betty White,
just for the day.
And I, you know, again, guys.
I had RIP Whitney.
I love that woman, and I don't want that to happen,
but when it does, I'll be ready.
You know what I still had?
Rebecca Black.
She was like max level at one point, wasn't she?
She's 85 right now.
Actually, no, she's 86.
Hey, you can always start Final Fantasy XIV
and have Rebecca Black Mage.
I actually like that.
That's really funny.
You know what, maybe I'll do that.
Rebecca Black Mage.
I'll make like a human character in XIV
and do Rebecca Black Mage.
I love that.
I was going to name my Final Fantasy XIV character,
because originally my little Tarot Tarot
was named Lil Poundcake,
which if you watch RuPaul's Drag Race,
you'll understand why,
which was great,
but now I think I'm going to have a character, a human,
because Shane's convinced me I need to play a human.
I think I'm going to name her Lisa Turtle
after one of my favorite Saved by the Bell characters,
because Lark Vuharis is a hot mess now.
You want to know what's funny?
I've managed to get Homestuck names.
Oh, yeah?
On the busiest server.
Nice.
And no one else had them.
So I was like, heck yeah.
Heck yeah.
So is Skype working, y'all?
Poke, poke.
I'll give it a few more minutes,
but if nobody else calls in,
I guess we'll call it a show.
We do have a few tweets from Tigerclaw, however.
Disney registers some Star Wars Attack Squadron domains.
Hmm.
Possible announcement for later.
And PlayStation 4 devs can only use 4.5 gigabytes
of the system's 8 gigabyte RAM.
Isn't that kind of common, though,
that a big chunk of RAM is eaten up by the system itself?
But think about it.
The PlayStation's going to be recording,
and I bet the Xbox One has a similar story.
It's the same thing.
It's recording while you play.
Once again, though, I think it was this week.
It could have been last week,
because all these goddamn weeks merged together.
But seriously, what does that mean?
It means nothing.
That's just a headline to get some hits.
It's just like on IGN.
They had a headline.
Hey, the FCC report came out from PlayStation 4.
I think even the Xbox One.
We now know what the operating temperature is going to be.
Who the fuck cares what the goddamn operating temperature
of a console is going to be?
It makes, it's nothing.
It's just another article they can get some fucking hits
on their website for.
It's ridiculous.
But yeah, I mean, we don't know what the hell that means.
I don't think it means anything.
So what?
Because I bet you anything with three fucking
operating systems on the goddamn Xbox One,
there's going to be a good chunk of that
that's going to be dedicated to those.
However, there was a rumor I saw
that they're going to allow some of that for indie developers.
But I think all that stuff is just being pulled out
of someone's ass.
I mean, no one knows what the hell is going to happen.
And it doesn't matter in the end of the day
because there wasn't that much RAM on the Xbox 360
or PlayStation 3.
So there's some pretty good games on those consoles.
I don't think it's a big deal.
We'll just play the games.
Who gives a shit about the specs?
Just play the games.
They're good.
Cool.
How the magic's done, no one cares.
All right.
We do have another call coming in.
So let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Day.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Raging Aider.
Hey, Raging Aider.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
Yeah.
I just thought I'd call in with two very quick topics
just in case someone else wants to call in.
Sure.
Yeah.
Although the first topic is probably more appropriate
for an anime jam session because obviously they talk about anime.
But we have a series called Gunslinger Girl.
Mm-hmm.
Well, for those that haven't heard of it,
it's an anime series.
It's two seasons long plus it has two OVAs.
It basically centers around an agency in Italy.
It has a social welfare front.
It's really like a spy CIA type of agency in reality.
It involves cyborgs.
I'm probably not doing the series justice by describing it,
but needless to say, it's a very excellent series.
So for those that haven't seen it or haven't seen it in a while
and you like the anime or are at least somewhat interested in the anime,
I suggest watching it.
Wait.
Was there a question in there somewhere?
Well, it's not so much a question but a recommendation.
No.
Okay.
It's all good.
I thought you said it was a question.
I think I'll just watch Dollhouse.
Yeah, no.
Sorry.
It sounds interesting.
It was more crazy in my part.
No, that's all right.
I just don't watch a lot of anime, but not that it's bad.
I don't dislike it.
I just hardly watch any TV at all because I'm always playing video games.
But it sounds cool.
I'll add that to my ever-growing list of shit to catch up on.
Well, it's probably one of those series that is probably really great
for those that don't watch a whole lot of anime.
It's like an entry-level anime.
It's one of the first series I watched and I still love it.
That makes me so incredibly sad to hear that.
Really, it does.
Why is that?
Because I remember my introductions to anime were classics like
Ranma and Devil Hunter Yoko and then watching
RoboTek when I was a little kid and Voltron and all that.
Technically, I did see RoboTek a few episodes out there when I was a kid,
but I really don't remember too much of it.
And I wasn't even sure if Voltron qualified as anime or not.
As far as I know, there was American Made.
Well, it was Matt Cross.
It definitely qualifies.
Oh.
Well, then I stand corrected.
All right.
Well, anyway, just to switch gears so I can hurry this call up to keep
someone who calls in.
But as you may or may not be aware, in case you haven't seen me on
Scheme, I finally got into the Civ games, both 4 and 5,
and basic Black Wolf.
And I'm loving them.
And I was thinking, you know, although I kind of brought it up briefly,
Dollar Day when you were doing the Noob Nights on Borderlands 2,
one of these days we all should have like a VOD MIDI night on Civ 5,
maybe get like a pretty decent game going.
I don't know what the maximum number of players are for Civ 5.
I think it's 8.
I think.
Don't quote me on that.
All right.
Yeah.
You know, since I guess that's one of the game's play on Steam is,
from what I can tell, pretty proper,
we should probably get like a community night going on there.
I would be totally down with that because Civ 5, I agree with you.
It's so awesome.
That can't be kind of pulled out of our butt the day of,
like we did Borderlands night,
the night we finally figured out we were both available.
Civ 5 night has to be planned in advance because Civ 5 night will go for 12 hours,
especially with eight people playing.
Like even if there's noobs, the problem is one person can really hold up those games.
So everybody has to be well versed enough in Civ to keep the game moving.
It would be one thing for like just Shane and I to play
because like he hasn't played at all so he has to learn.
So, you know, that could kind of move at one pace.
But if eight of us are going to play,
we all need to be relatively familiar enough with the game to keep it moving
because otherwise, like we're going to need 120 hours to play that fucking game.
Yeah.
I'll be first to admit that, you know,
I'm not on the same expert level as saying like you or, you know,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Put the car apart.
Wait, wait. Put the car apart because I am by no means an expert at Civ.
I'm actually quite bad at it.
I don't have the strategical mind it takes to play a game like that.
But I'm just saying you don't have to necessarily be good,
but you just have to be able to move relatively fast and not get yourself held up.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I was going to say I'm not as good as some of the other people in the bot community,
but, you know, ever since playing the game for the first time during their free weekend,
I've certainly got a whole lot better.
So, but for those that don't already have the game,
either Civ IV or Civ V on Steam already,
I definitely recommend getting those games.
They're really, really great.
You missed the hell out during the Steam sale, to be honest,
but hopefully it'll be on a flash sale again in the coming weeks.
Yeah, hopefully.
Well, I'll let you go.
I'm sure you're probably going to want to give more calls or wrap up the show,
but I'm glad I'm talking to you.
All right. Take care, Spaznator.
Good to hear from you.
I'm glad I'm talking to you too.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
I always appreciate an endorsement for Civ.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll give about one more minute, see if any other calls come in.
Did I do all the tweets?
I think I did the last one there because that was from Tigerclaw about the,
oh, yeah, the partial system RAM,
and we were kind of talking about other systems and that whole thing.
Oh, excuse me.
But that was it for tweets.
But if you want to send us a tweet in a future week,
twitter.com slash OLR,
and if you want to send us an email for a future week,
of course, that address is mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I do not see the phone ringing here,
and we are out of last-minute news, right?
So I think we got to close up shop.
That's it. I'm going to go ahead and close.
We're having a big discussion on the old-school anime now.
Oh, are you?
Like what?
Like Ronda just brought up Devil Hunter Yoko,
which is one of my favorite old series.
Well, actually, it was good through like the first three OAVs.
But like we have talk about, you know,
like the most depressing stuff like Dog of Flanders
and watching certain episodes of Galaxy Express 3-9.
And, you know, we're going back to the 70s and the late 60s now
for our references. So it's pretty cool.
But I have to say that one of my favorite of all time,
80s dirty pair.
Heck yeah.
All right.
Well, I guess I'll close up the Skype line
since nobody else was calling in.
But thank you to those that did call in.
And if you do want to comment on the show,
mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com,
or of course tweets and Facebook.
As a reminder, we will be off next week
since I will be out of town.
So, you know, and plus we just we haven't had a week off in a while.
Sometimes we want a freaking vacation.
So I believe Bobby is still here live though at the Voice Geeks Network.
So please still tune in to support him.
And all the other shows that air on the network throughout the week.
We'll be back in two weeks.
Before we wrap it up, I do want to say thank you as always
for listening to our show and downloading the show.
We do do this for free.
We don't ask for your money unless, you know,
there's like a charity event going on or something.
But we just say, hey, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about our show and just help help the family grow a little bit.
That's all we want. Help the oil army grow.
Meanwhile, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts
since we're closing up shop here.
Dark Sakura and your boa constrictor Cozy,
what is your final thought tonight?
I'm almost done with this thing.
But we also have other good references to other stuff like Zenki,
Record of Lodoss War.
Record of Lodoss War, by the way,
inspired one of my first D&D characters.
Oh, really?
Yes.
My final thought tonight is I had this Chex mix today
that's called Honey Nut, sweet and salty, and it's delish.
It's like the Honey Nut Cheerios mix they used to sell.
It's almost the exact same thing. Cool story, huh?
Loki, your last minute thought tonight or final thought.
I see Bobby's going back to play Saints Row IV.
You know what? I'm just going to go make my own Saints Row IV
with hookers and blackjack.
Well, maybe no blackjack.
Actually, I'm pretty sure Saints Row IV probably has hookers.
Maybe not so much blackjack.
Are you still going to do your game programming thing on a smaller scale
where you do a blackjack?
Because you could still make slutty blackjack or slutty breakouts.
You know, because there wasn't that much...
I would say there was not really very...
There was hardly any response.
Not a lot of positive response.
I'm just going to table it for now.
Just do something maybe on my own.
I think it's hard, too,
because the people out there have no frame of reference.
They don't really know what...
So you've got to kind of put something out there
before you're going to get any feedback whatsoever.
So you do you!
You do you on that.
That's fine. I had to play Borderlands the other day anyway.
So, you know, to level up.
Sometimes there's just more important things like Borderlands.
Why is it level up so I can play with you guys?
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys very much for tuning in.
We will be back in two weeks with episode number 515.
I will see some of you next week at GamerX.
Please, if you do see me around the convention,
just come up and say hi. I don't bite, I promise.
I want to meet many of you while I'm there.
And for those that are not going to be in the area,
have a great week off.
Maybe I'll see you online gaming and so forth.
Don't forget we have a Steam community and some other communities as well.
And maybe this epic Civ night will have to happen at some point, too.
Have a great two weeks.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Launch Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune in to vaughnetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Launch Radio
or Vaugh Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Copyright  2020, New Thinking Allowed Foundation
