Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, July 7th, 2013, two gaming companies find themselves hacked this week.
Xbox One reputation system matching hopes to group trolls with trolls.
And we find out why the Wii Vitality sensor disappeared.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 511 for July the 7th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here to join you over the next couple hours to talk about video games and gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, all things gaming
with you guys in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com and as well as my co-host, one just one right now in studio.
Say hello to Loki, Techmaster Loki here tonight.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah?
I, I, my decision to not get fries was, it paid off, I think.
Yes, you made a, you made a little fast food decision tonight, right?
Well, yeah, cause I normally go to like fast food and stuff and a lot of times, especially in the evenings and even sometimes during, you know, the lunch hours and stuff,
like you go to like McDonald's or something like that and their fries are good when, when they're good.
But there's such a small margin of when they are able to make them good versus just being crap.
And a lot of times, especially at dinner time, it's just, it's garbage.
It's just not good at all.
So I decided, hey, you know, instead of getting like a double quarter pounder meal large and that kind of stuff and paying like eight bucks,
I just got two double cheeseburgers and no fries and just a large drink.
And then that ended up being like three bucks and I'm just as full from it.
So I think that's the way to go.
There you go. Saving money, right?
Exactly.
And then you don't have crappy, soggy french fries, but I'll tell you what's even worse.
Yes, we do talk about fast food occasionally on the show.
You know what?
It is what it is.
It is part of the gamer lifestyle.
Well, if you want to believe, I mean, Mountain Dew and Doritos isn't exactly fast food, but, you know, you get the idea.
But, okay, so the other, just the other day I go to Carl's Jr., which I don't think they have on the East Coast.
I think they call it Hardee's. It's really all the same thing, right?
So I go there and I get my meal and I get Alan's thing. He gets a combo with fries.
I always get Chris cut fries with my sandwich because I love their Chris cut fries.
They're the bomb.
They're like, you know, they're even better than like the waffle fries and other chains and so forth.
Like, I love them.
So I get the fries and I can, like, smell them in the bag.
I'm like, mmm, smells like french fries, right?
Smells so good.
I get all the way home, open the bag.
They gave me regular fries instead of Chris cut fries.
Like, the one reason I go to Carl's Jr., denied.
So mad.
It's like you want to just drive back to the building and scream at somebody.
Some poor guy who made a mistake.
But I'm just too lazy and I ate the fries anyway.
What can you do?
What can you do?
All right.
Go to our chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
The Voice of the Geeks Network.
Live.vognetwork.com.
Queen Simeon chat says, is that what Carl's Jr. is?
Yes, it's pretty much Hardee's.
Some people that have had both tell me they're different, but they're...
I think they serve different things.
Like, their menu's slightly different.
But it's pretty much the same.
They were selling, like, Hardee's biscuits here at one point.
I don't know.
It's interesting how all that stuff...
Just put the same menu on there.
It's not like people, like, on the East Coast eat so much different things than the people on the West Coast.
It's not all that...
It's interesting how fast food really varies.
It's not like, you know, we're in Hawaii where, you know, beef is not plentiful and there is a lot of spam.
But, you know, it's just...
I don't understand why it has to be that different when you have a chain that's on both sides of...
Well, and I don't understand why they just won't put In-N-Outs on the East Coast.
Because anytime I have a friend from about...
What's the furthest In-N-Out goes out?
I think Texas now.
So anything further east than Texas, if they come out here to visit or whatever, it's like, we gotta go to In-N-Out.
We gotta go have In-N-Out.
It's a good fast food burger, don't get me wrong.
But, you know, I'm like, God, why don't they open one up in New York already?
It's just wanting to get the franchise.
They're just like, why do we have Dunkin' Donuts over here?
Amen to that.
But, I mean, I don't know.
There's a lot of reasons, I guess.
It's just whether people want to franchise something like that far away.
I don't know. I thought it'd be kind of cool.
People are always shocked when I tell them we don't have Dunkin' Donuts here.
We do not have Dunkin' Donuts here, people.
Which sucks because I love their coffee.
I would go there as opposed to Starbucks if I could, even though it's so terrible for you.
It's so good. I can't help it.
Every time I travel, I have to get a Dunkin' Coffee. It's so good.
And then I can't resist and have one of those coconut donuts, too.
Alright, it is a show about video games, and I'm sure you're all wondering,
where is the lovely Dark Sakura? Why didn't you introduce her?
Dark Sakura is running a little late tonight, so she will be here during the show
because it is about a three-hour show.
We're anticipating her arrival in about an hour.
The only bummer is that she was going to kick off the show with her talk about Atari Party,
which is a local event here in Davis.
And, bummer, I really wanted to go, but it conflicted with something else I have for
rehearsals for something coming up, so I couldn't go to Atari Party.
But she went, Dan went, I think Dan is coming here with her.
So they're going to talk about Atari and all the classic things that they saw this week,
which I love that stuff because Atari 2600 really was my first gaming system.
Even though I show Commodore 64 a lot of love on this show, and rightly so,
Atari 2600 really was my first gaming system.
Like, you know, I have very fond memories being five years old
and playing the Spider-Man Atari 2600 video game on my mom's TV,
which was just like this little dude that had a red top and blue tights to look like Spider-Man.
You could shoot a web up and you climbed up a building, basically.
I remember there was something with the windows.
There was either bad guys in windows or people you rescued in windows.
I don't remember. It's been so long since I played.
But, yeah, I used to play that Spider-Man game.
Did you play Atari 2600 growing up?
No, I didn't have a 2600.
Well, my friends did, but I had a ColecoVision with an Atari adapter.
So I had Atari games, but it wasn't necessarily playing through the Atari system.
It was that weird adapter that they had.
I didn't even know they had an adapter.
Yeah, it was in that really awkward like,
hey, that's kind of infringing on our copyrights type thing, but who cares?
I don't have anything to do with copyrights.
I just play the game.
You ever go back and play the old stuff now, like emulators and so forth?
See, here's the weird thing for me.
The weird thing about when I play this stuff on emulators is that
my gaming attention deficit disorder, which is totally a legit thing I have,
gets even worse.
You'll load up an emulated game and I'll play it for literally 15 seconds.
Then it says, oh, onto a new game, oh, onto a new game.
It's like, I'm going to try everything at the buffet.
But there's something different about doing that
versus going to sit and play at the TV and force yourself to sit there at the TV,
even if it's, and I know this is really weird,
even if it's emulated on the TV like Xbox Game Room.
Perfect example, right?
Loads of Atari 200 games on Xbox Game Room.
But that shit can hold my attention for a lot longer.
Like playing something like Stampede, which is a grossly simple game, right?
It's just like wrangle up the cows and don't let them get past the left side of the screen.
Like I could sit there and play that shit forever and keep trying to beat my high score and stuff,
but when I'm playing it in emulators, it's like, board now, switch, board now, switch.
I remember we played the ColecoVision version of Smurfs
and we cycled through the whole game like about 20 times one time.
It's just like, it just keeps going. It's funny.
Just this week on, or no, it wasn't this week, but a couple weeks ago on Virtual Console for Wii U,
Mario Brothers came out, and I'm not talking Super Mario Brothers.
I mean, the original Mario Brothers, which was that one static screen with the pipes and the turtles and the crabs,
that was on Atari 2600, and we used to play the shit out of that.
My best friend in like second grade and I would play that all the time.
Thanks to the DS, I'm so burnt out on that game.
I remember when Mario Brothers was just like,
Hey, it comes with Mario Brothers, every single Mario game that's on the DS comes with Mario Brothers.
You can play with your friends, you know, with the Game Share thing because it comes with Mario Brothers.
It's like, dude, I don't need to play this game anymore.
You put it on every single cartridge.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com,
Bobby Blackwolf, our pal from his show that's on right before us here at VOG Network says,
Oink, I loved Oink. I loved that game too, but it's really only good to me as a two player game
because if I remember right, I don't remember if it was a really advertised feature,
but you could plug in a second joystick and the second person could be the big bad wolf.
And it wasn't in all the Activision collections.
Like it wasn't in some of the ones I remember picking up, but that was a great game on the 2600.
Remember when Activision was like the best games on the system back in the 2600 days?
Dungeon Buster says, H-E-R-O was also fun. That's one of my all time favorite 2600 games.
I grew up on that with the Commodore 64 first, which has like really improved graphics.
That game was kind of awesome.
S-H-A-100 Matt says, See, I have gamer ADD, but I have a hard time with MMOs because of it.
I wonder how Rob is able to play MMOs with it.
The social element of MMOs makes it a lot like you want to improve your character
so you can go on adventures with friends like you.
The motivation of having friends to play with is huge.
Like I can sit there on MMO and be chatting on Skype and it's a much kind of different experience
than just kind of like a single player with emulators.
Does that make sense?
I have found lately a lot of my friends are leaving World of Warcraft.
Almost all of my co-hosts on Horde House have left Warcraft.
The one that still plays, Grandpa, plays with his cousins or his family or something now
so he doesn't really play with me anymore.
I had a couple friends that were playing for a week.
Not a lot of people I know are playing it anymore and it's sad because it really kills my motivation to play.
And there's still a couple people that play and I have some friends in Canada that play
and I really like them and I like talking to them but they're the only ones anymore that are playing
and it makes it really hard to motivate myself to kind of get on and you don't want to do anything
because I'm like, eh, what am I doing?
I'm doing a daily dungeon, pew pew, alliance is dead, wah, moving on to something else.
I'm falling behind on all these single player games because of the MMOs.
Yeah, that's the thing. It's like there's all these other games and those MMOs take so much of your time
that it's just hard to justify wanting to play them.
Tigerclaw in chat says, I bet they left WoW to play Marvel Heroes.
Not my co-host on Horde House so much but Captain Spike I don't think would mind me outing him from Game Buoy.
We were playing WoW and he's been playing Marvel Heroes a lot lately which we all played one night.
It was a lot of fun and now Alan got Marvel Heroes too so I don't know.
That is kind of a thing that's happening right now is Marvel Heroes but for how long?
Until Final Fantasy XIV comes out in its full form I'm sure.
Because every beta weekend for Final Fantasy XIV has been kind of that.
But even Final Fantasy XIV I kind of hit a wall with this week.
I hit one of those single player, I know I'm getting into my gaming week a little bit but oh well.
I hit one of those single player missions you have to do in Final Fantasy XIV and it was kind of like,
I just kind of got frustrated with it and I was like, you know what?
I'm going to go play some single player games I need to catch up on because I have extensively beta tested this game.
I've given my feedback. What am I doing?
I'm getting frustrated over this quest where my character is just going to get wiped in a couple days anyway when the next beta phase begins.
So I'm going to wait at this point for the non-erased character beta which is the next open beta.
The characters you create in open beta will carry over to the live game.
So I'm just waiting for that at this point.
I, uh, that game man, I don't know.
I was playing it yesterday and it's just one of those things like, you know, I leveled up to 11.
And I've been basically soloing everything because I don't know how to party and everybody that we kind of talk to,
they're never on or I don't see them or I don't have them friended or something.
And so it's like, well this is kind of okay I guess.
And then at the same time I'm like, I don't know if I want to keep playing this because I know I'm not going to play this in the future.
Then at the same time I'm like, well I kind of want to play it, but at the same time I don't want to play it.
Because there are all these good games that I want to come out, you know, Grand Theft Auto for sure.
I mean, I want to play that more online than I want to play Final Fantasy.
But, you know, I like Final Fantasy, it's just, I don't know, I'm torn.
A lot of people talking, about one million people registered for Final Fantasy XIV beta.
It's going to be very interesting to see how that goes over once the sub-fee is kicking.
Because I think a lot of people are just playing it as a demo right now, but sub-fees means, you know, you got to pay up if you want to keep going.
We'll see, it's going to be interesting.
Going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, Raginator in chat says, Rob Roberts, I'm probably in the minority here, but I always thought that Game Room was underappreciated.
I love it.
Raginator, have you heard the show? I was a huge proponent of Game Room. I loved it.
I was, I'm actually like legit pissed off that Microsoft really dropped the ball with it.
And, you know, they let everybody go at Chrome and all that stuff.
Like, it actually pissed me off that they were out there promising thousands of games and nothing ever came of that.
Because Game Room, Game Room did what Virtual Console needs to do.
I realized when it came to setting up your little rooms and so forth, that that feature was a little bit gimped.
But whatever, when it came to the game playing itself, the live leaderboards was great.
The replays was great.
Being able to send challenges to your friends was great.
Like, that's all stuff that Nintendo's Virtual Console would greatly benefit from and would have a great enhanced value from.
And it's a great way to modernize classic games.
And I realized there's purists out there that are like, you know what, nothing matches the old school.
Get my Atari 2600 with its coaxial cable to a TV that won't even get channels anymore because of the digital switch.
And I totally respect that.
And that's totally part of the point of a thing like Atari Party is for like-minded people to get together and play that stuff, I'm sure.
Or at least Jamie can give us insight to that later.
But I liked Game Room as a modern experience of classic games.
And I'm really pissed that Microsoft didn't try to invest a little more into it.
I can't imagine it was this horrific expense.
Like, they weren't writing new games.
Now, granted, they were probably having to go back and tweak an awful lot to get them to work and so forth.
But really, were they just not selling anything?
Then, I don't know, maybe there's other questions you need to ask yourself.
But yeah, I was a huge proponent of Game Room.
And I'm pissed it didn't work.
And I'm pissed we probably won't get anything like it on Xbox One.
Or anything. You know? It sucks.
I'm surprised we haven't seen PlayStation Home on the PlayStation 4.
Like, I would have thought that would have been kind of cool to step up everything.
Or maybe they just didn't really work out, I guess.
They didn't do what they wanted to do with it.
Well, PlayStation Home definitely has its cult...
I'm not saying that in a negative context. Like a cult movie.
PlayStation Home has its cult following.
And we've had some of that on this show.
We participated with one of the home events.
It was a lot of fun to see that community.
You're right. It is weird that they didn't mention that going to the PlayStation 4.
I don't know if... I would have thought it was profitable enough with the microtransactions and everything.
It was basically Second Life on a console and it seemed to be doing well enough in itself.
But do you think that maybe they could...
Well, I guess not because of the chipset.
I was thinking in my mind, could they just carry PlayStation Home over to PlayStation 4?
But I guess not for the same reason it's not backwards compatible.
They changed the core chipset.
Yeah, maybe streaming. Who knows?
Alright, well anyhow.
That was a very random potpourri sort of kickoff topic.
But let's talk about the video games that we've actually been playing this week.
Besides just Final Fantasy XIV, apparently.
Loki, how was your gaming week? What have you been playing?
Final Fantasy XIV. Unfortunately, that's all that I played this week.
Just... I only played a few hours of it, actually.
Just the other day, just leveling my Thaumaturge.
And I kept trying to solo stuff.
It's so really weird how you can party but not party.
People can help you.
If you're fighting something, someone else can join in and fight the same monster.
And you still get the experience from it.
Even though you're not partying.
Which is odd. I don't know why they have that.
But it's neat.
It is a little frustrating.
There was a monster chasing somebody and I was trying to pull it off of them.
And the monster was invulnerable.
And it got in this weird loop where he would run towards me and then run away.
And then he'd run back towards me and then run away.
And kind of kept going that way back and forth.
I guess that was a bug or something.
Yeah, it's a beta. It might have been a bug.
But I've seen the invulnerable thing happen.
Like when the person who pulled it loses all the threat.
Like they run out of range or whatever.
The mob retreats and during that time it's invincible.
Same thing happens in WoW actually.
It'll evade in WoW.
It's kind of nice.
The only thing I don't like about that though is I'll try to pull a mob.
And then try to use the landscape at my advantage.
And it wasn't even that far away.
I was on a bridge and I was trying to attack fish.
And the fish couldn't figure out how to turn the corner to the bridge or something.
And so it kept going invulnerable.
And I couldn't do any damage to it even though I was well within range.
It's just stupid I guess.
I don't know. It was kind of annoying.
Did you play around with any of the crafting professions?
No.
I did a little bit of that this week.
That's interesting.
It's different.
It's not just put the pieces together and craft.
There's a little bit of strategy that comes into play on will you get a high quality item or not.
How does that work?
Your item as you craft it has durability.
And so let's say you'll get four attempts.
You can do four moves on it.
And you can either craft and it might take two of your attempts to craft it.
But as you level in a profession you'll get things that are like you get a 70% chance to enhance the percentage of possibility it will be a high quality item.
Or you get a move that will restore all of the durability but at great cost.
It's just interesting. All your abilities become part of the balancing game of trying to craft the item without breaking it and losing all your stuff.
It's not just throw them all together and click craft.
I like that they changed it up a little.
Yeah I was just basically doing the regular quests in the game and then just grinding I guess.
I mean that's really all I could do.
I went back into town to get some more quests because the storyline doesn't seem to be progressing.
Because I'm not sure maybe I'm just not doing something right.
Let's be honest I'm not really reading any of the story either.
I'm just skipping through all of it because if they really want me to pay attention to something they'll have a cutscene.
It ends up happening usually.
I still know what the story is and I don't really care.
I just want to get to a point where...
I don't know if it's just in the beta.
I guess if you get to a certain point where you're level 20 you can actually level all your other subs to 15.
That'll only be in the beta but yes.
And probably not carrying over to open beta.
Oh well.
But once you get to level 15 they did finally implement the duty finder.
Not duty finder but duty finder.
Which basically they're looking for group tool.
So you can do dungeons and that fun stuff.
Which wasn't really a thing in Final Fantasy XI.
But that's a huge wow thing obviously.
I haven't really explored too far either.
I've just been around the town so I don't know how to get anywhere.
Oh yeah you gotta get out there and explore.
Well everything's trying to kill me.
Keep doing story quests and around level 15 you get an airship pass.
And you go to the other towns as part of a quest.
It's pretty cool.
Alright well if that's it for your gaming week.
I'll talk about my gaming week a little bit besides Final Fantasy XIV.
I kind of just needed a break from MMOs this week.
I played Final Fantasy XIV extensively on Friday and Saturday.
But then I needed a break.
So I played some other stuff.
On Wii U Virtual Console I played Mario Brothers as I talked about before.
I also played Pilot Wings because that came out on Virtual Console on July 4th.
And who did not love the game that was made basically to show off Mode 7.
And it was a great game.
Who doesn't love Rocket Bell?
What is it called? Rocket Pack? Rocket Bell?
That's a lot of fun to play as skydiving and all that stuff.
And making the characters really angry or upset when you do really bad.
But yeah the Mode 7 is fun.
One thing that at least the Wii U Virtual Console does that the Wii Virtual Console didn't do.
Is that you can take the screenshots and post them to Miiverse.
And now as of like the end of June you can post those Miiverse posts to Twitter and stuff.
So I've been doing that a little bit at my Twitter.
If I can talk. Twitter.com slash S-K-I-E is my Twitter. Sky. S-K-I-E.
And I've been posting some random things.
Like I posted a funny picture of one of the Pilot Wings people getting mad at me.
And like this funny thing I did in Mario Brothers where I had two of the turtles facing each other.
So it looked like they were talking to each other.
I like being able to post the screenshots to Miiverse.
So if you want to follow me on Nintendo Network.
I'm Rob Roberts on Nintendo Network.
I will post more hilarity when I can. When I'm feeling funny.
So I've been doing that on Nintendo.
Otherwise on PC I suddenly got unexplainably addicted to Steam trading cards.
I don't know why. I don't have a good reason for it.
I just said this is something I want.
You mean I can get silly loot like new backgrounds and experience that means nothing.
And possibly coupons. I guess that's something.
From doing this trading card game. Metagame in Steam.
Yes I must do this.
So here's the thing though.
The game kind of makes no sense when you hear it at first.
So let me explain it for you.
Best I can. Best I know about it.
First off. First things first. You have to get this out of your head.
Trading cards are not tied to achievements.
Achievements have nothing to do with trading cards. They are separate.
So get that out of your head. Break that link.
First mistake people make. They think the two are tied together. They're not. Completely separate.
So certain games have trading cards.
And there might be five in a set. There might be nine in a set. There might be seven.
There's anywhere from five to nine it looks like from the games I've played.
Now there's two different systems in a game that you paid for.
Like Super Meat Boy.
Magica.
Binding of Isaac.
In a game that you paid for. Every time you start the game.
And play it for about twenty, thirty minutes.
And log out. You get a trading card.
Up to half the number that are in the deck.
In other words.
Super Meat Boy is probably one of the smallest decks that has five cards in it.
You can get three of them by playing Super Meat Boy.
Once you've gotten all the cards. You can get repeats though which sucks.
In Faerie Solitaire I've gotten three of the same card which is really irritating.
But. And you don't. Like if you are only eligible. I think I'm eligible for five out of nine in Faerie Solitaire.
Except three of my five are all the same. So I'm going to have to do some big time trading.
So what happens once you get half?
You become eligible for booster packs.
Which are handed out. This is the part I don't quite have figured out yet. Maybe somebody in chat can help.
It seems to be arbitrary.
Like you might get them in a day. You might get them in a week.
But you have to log into Steam every week in order to be eligible for the booster packs.
And my understanding is that booster packs spawn as people complete their sets.
And you have a greater chance to get a booster pack if your Steam experience is higher.
Like your Steam level 10. Your Steam level 20. Which you can get from the games you own.
The previous sales. And all this other stuff.
So once you get the booster packs then you open them up and maybe you'll finish your set through a booster pack.
Which then you can combine your set and tada! You get your badge and you get a new profile background.
A new emote icon. Just a bunch of really cosmetic stuff.
But still kind of a little more than what achievements get you, right?
And possibly a coupon. Like I saw one YouTube where a guy opened it up and he got a 50% off Company Heroes or something.
One of those games coupon. Which I thought, oh that's cool because that's more trading fodder later.
Like I could use that to trade for a card. Like I'm never going to buy this game.
Why don't you give me your Super Meat Boy card and I'll give you my 50% off coupon for this game.
So Steam's created this very interesting thing about it. I kind of wish there was a little more to it than just the play the game.
Oh! I missed free to play. For games like Dota, Team Fortress, you don't get the cards for playing.
You get the cards for spending money in the online shop.
Like for every, I think it's $9 or $10 you spend in the shop, you get a card.
So I'm not so focused on those because I don't really play any of those.
The only free to play game I play through Steam regularly right now is Marvel Heroes and they don't have cards.
But I've been going back, you know, I've got over 100 Steam games thanks to these bundles and bundles I accumulated in Steam sales.
Oh my god! Steam sale coming!
Yeah, a lot of the old stuff.
ActDeft correcting me in chat saying you can only get them once per week.
I did not know that.
And ActDeft says you can also buy cards and boosters from the Steam Community Marketplace.
Oh boy, see? They've created this whole game where you're spending money to get that one card.
I'm going to try not to go that route. I'm going to really try to do this the old-fashioned way.
I haven't gotten any booster packs yet because I just got into it this weekend.
But I've collected like, I have three Super Meat Boy cards, three Really Big Sky cards, three Faerie Solitaire cards, one Magica card.
And that'll tell you what else I've been playing with my gaming week.
So let me quickly run down some of these other games.
Super Meat Boy. Plug in a controller and use it on the PC. It's just as fun as the Xbox 360 version and it's still fun to play.
That's a great game to play for a few minutes.
You play a few minutes, beat a few rounds, you feel accomplished, get frustrated on a level, whatever, close it, come back later.
Really Big Sky is a twin-stick shooter that came out I think at the end of last year.
I like it but it's not my favorite twin-stick shooter.
And part of the reason I don't like it is that, well for one, I get really bad performance issues when there's too much stuff on screen on my PC.
I probably need to play with the graphics settings and so forth.
But I think it starts to become too much.
Like the graphics are just too much and I can't tell things apart and it just looks like explosion mania.
And I really didn't like how retro mode was just this really silly filter and a chiptune song.
Like it was not retro mode at all. I did not like that.
But those are really the only, I know I'm sounding very negative about this game but it is a fun game especially if you like shooters.
And the soundtrack is phenomenal. I really like that.
Also been playing The Binding of Isaac which is kind of rogue.
A lot of people say it's Legend of Zelda but it doesn't play like Zelda.
It plays like a twin-stick shooter.
But it's always randomly generated which is interesting.
It's a little bit out there as far as the story goes.
And it's one of those things you're like, you play it and you're like, you know, not all games are art.
Cause this one's a little weird.
You got like monsters that leave poop everywhere that's part of a mechanic.
And you find these really odd things that you're, cause you know the plot of the story is that your mom is trying to kill you.
That's the plot of The Binding of Isaac.
And you find all this really weird stuff.
It's kind of a creepy game. I'm only playing that as much as I have to to get cards.
I like the idea of a roguelike that does the randomly generated stuff. There's a ton of those games out there.
And then Magica. I like that.
That's kind of like a puzzle-y type game where you can combine different magics together to get to.
It reminds me of an old school PC game from like the late 90's.
Where you, you know, you put things together to get to pass this part of a level.
Like you might mix fire and stone magic together to throw a fire boulder.
Or you use ice magic to freeze a lake.
And make all these clever spells.
And it's got a co-op mode that's supposedly a lot of fun.
But I haven't really played a lot of the co-op mode.
So, anyhow.
I've been talking to your ear off about Steam and all that.
But the trading card thing is, I like that it gives me reason to go back and play these games that I probably didn't sink enough time into.
Like I played Binding of Isaac before.
But I didn't play it enough to understand just how fucking disturbed it is, you know?
Now I understand a little better.
And same thing with Magica and Fairy Solitaire and some of that.
You know, I played enough Fairy Solitaire to get the game.
But now I've really gotten to parts where it starts to just really get irritatingly difficult.
So, there you go. That's been my time with Steam this week.
AlphaCananagram in chat in reference to the Binding of Isaac says,
I only heard it is just like it is Zelda due to the dungeon format.
Yeah, and the bombs and the keys.
But honestly, the way it plays as a game is a little more similar to Rogue and like a twin-stick shooter.
Even though you can only shoot in the four directions.
But weird things happen. Like you'll find these pills.
And you won't know what the pills do until you try using them once.
I'm almost positive that was a mechanic in Rogue.
You didn't know what stuff did until you used it for once.
And some of the pills will give you just derpy face.
And it goes, I found a pill and I ate it.
Some will teleport you to a random room. Some will enhance your health.
One of them is a suicide pill.
You take it, you die. Game over. One life. That's it.
Game over, you start again from the beginning.
That's like some Dark Souls level difficulty.
Alright, let's move on.
Housekeeping. Don't forget to visit us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. And we are also on Facebook, of course.
At Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Just got a text from DarkSakura. She's on her way.
So we'll hopefully be seeing her in about 20 more minutes.
But in the meantime, we're going to keep on moving with the show.
And get into gaming news tonight.
Loki, start us off with one I'm sure you've all heard.
Don Mattrick has left Xbox.
He was originally the president of the...
I believe their entertainment business division.
And now he is going to become the president of Zynga.
So that's interesting, I guess.
I'm not really sure why he did...
I mean, I can think of a few reasons why he might have done that.
But the kind of general consensus out there is that he's jumping from a sinking ship to a ship that's on fire and in the water somehow.
I think I saw that exact comic strip you're referencing.
Yeah, it was a ship on fire and a ship being eaten by a shark or something.
I don't want to sound like a know-it-all, but I can't resist in bringing up the fact that just two weeks ago on this show, after the big E3 thing, what did I say about Don Mattrick?
What did I say, Loki? You remember?
You said that he was going to be on the chopping block, I guess.
I said he would take the fall and he'd be gone within 365 days.
And just like the Xbox reversal thing, which happened in like three days, the Don Mattrick thing happened a lot faster than anticipated.
But here's the kicker. I actually don't think he was forced out the door.
No, I don't think so.
But I think Don Mattrick, I mean, he's the executive of a...
Oh, he's now the CEO of a large company, whether you like it or not.
It at one time was a profitable company.
I think he saw what happened at E3, he saw what everybody was talking about, he saw this opportunity, and he took it.
And I think it was one of those things where it's like, you know, if the Xbox One doesn't do well this holiday season, do I want to be left with no job?
Or do I take this job where maybe I can actually turn things around?
It is a heck of an opportunity and it could be a great way for him anyway to repair his image.
I mean, let's imagine he does turn Zynga around.
And I know a lot of people are ready to pile poop on this.
They're like, yay, poopy executive meets poopy company.
Go live in your poopy world together making poopville.
But I don't know if I really see it that way because these are two...
You've got a company in a pretty bad situation, you've got an executive that was in a pretty bad situation.
Maybe they can help each other more than they can hurt each other.
And maybe this actually won't end up being the end of the world.
I mean, why do we hate on Zynga?
Why have we hated on Zynga in the past?
What are people's complaints with Zynga?
They seem to skirt around IP rights by mimicking as much as they can of a game without outright copy.
I mean, they need sometimes outright copy, but they change enough to where they can't get sued, I guess.
Or they can't get sued and lose.
They'll change things around slightly, but they'll keep...
Because you can't copyright those core mechanics, so let's just rip them all out and take a popular game and make a clone of it.
And then people will play because it's got Zynga on it.
Now, let me ask you this question.
What does it take to change a company that's heading in that direction?
What does that take?
Well, it's not just that. They've had problems where they were buying up other companies and they're spending a lot of money doing that and they weren't making their money back.
Okay. What will it take to change that?
Someone with good business sense.
A new executive. New blood. A big change. A big change.
And that's what Zynga's got, is they've got a big change.
So now I think Don Mattrick and Zynga are really in a position to help each other.
We can speculate to the cows come home what that's going to mean.
And I know a lot of people joke, her perp is always online. Her perp one meets another.
Don Mattrick did not come up with always online all by his lonesome self, y'all.
But maybe there's some interesting stuff that could come of this. I don't know.
Like, maybe Zynga will separate itself from Facebook a little bit.
That's the part that's exciting to me. At least Don Mattrick wasn't from Facebook.
Maybe Zynga will start to appear on consoles with games that aren't ripoffs of other stuff.
Like some casually interesting things.
I think one of the things you're going to see with the Xbox One, and that's the whole reason why they have that Windows 8 section of the OS,
is that you're going to see all these apps that are being developed to run on Windows 8 are going to be able to run on the Xbox One.
So if they have, say, a Farmville app that runs on Windows 8, I'm not sure if it's going to be just necessarily the RT or if it's just the actual x86 Windows 8,
that these will probably be easily ported if not able to run natively on the Xbox One.
So you could see these casual games coming to a game console, that and any other sort of app that people make.
And that, very well, that may be why they're not really pushing the whole self-publishing thing because they're like,
well, you published on Windows 8 on that marketplace and then you can publish on the Xbox One as well.
And that's how they'll try to get people to make more apps for Windows 8 because they need apps on that marketplace in order to make Windows 8 seem appealing.
Because kind of like what they have with the App Store on Mac, they need to have the content there in order to drive it.
I'm going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. After all, it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
Rama says, I don't hate Zynga. All they're doing is playing the business game like a boss.
ShadowNextGen says, Rob, Matric's image isn't tarnished except for the internet vocal minority.
When it was announced that Matric was joining Zynga, Zynga's stock jumped up.
I think you're minimalizing the negativity that came out of E3 a little bit.
Now, how much of that is tied to Matric versus not? That could be argued a little bit.
I don't think you can blame one person for the whole Xbox stuff anyway.
I don't, but again, like I said two weeks ago, someone's going to take the fall for it.
I don't know if anyone's taken the fall yet for it. He may have just jumped ship.
I was going to mention, though, that they're going to have...
Well, I want to say the second half of this comment here.
When it was announced that Matric was joining Zynga, Zynga's stock jumped up.
Well, exactly. How can things get worse at Zynga?
And let's not belittle that Don Matric did have a lot of success at Microsoft.
Xbox 360's done very well.
So, I think a lot of people see it as, you know, this can only help things.
Sure, maybe he had a bad week, but at the end of the day, Zynga's in the shitter.
And maybe Don Matric can help bring them out of that at least.
And that would be a great thing. And sure, sure, I think a lot of investors saw that too.
Hey, you know, if Zynga's looking to get some games on the Xbox One or something,
it might help to have somebody that used to be working for Microsoft to kind of build those bridges.
There were gonna... One other thing, I guess, Steve Ballmer, the CEO of Microsoft,
he's considering, I guess, Julie Larson-Green, who is, I guess, the current Windows CEO or whatever
to take over the Xbox division.
So, when she's quite experienced, I guess, she did product launches for Windows 7
and helped design some of the user interface stuff for the Office products.
Not the newer ones, but 2003, 2007, which I thought were sane.
And then 2010 came around, it's like, what the fuck is this?
So, yeah, I'll be interested in seeing how that affects anything.
I don't think... A lot of these people in these positions, I don't think have a lot...
Because it seems like it doesn't change too much.
Like, you get a new CEO, all of a sudden it's not radically different.
It's just... I don't know, we'll see.
They have a game plan, they're sticking to it, so...
Dungeon Buster in chat says,
Larson-Green headed up the Windows 8 group after the last head left.
Well, when did the last head leave?
See, I haven't been following the Windows 8 drums.
I just know that the launch of Windows 8, not so great,
but they really seem to be making things right with this 8.1 patch,
and it seems a lot more exciting this time than the original launch of Windows 8.
It seems like they've got, like...
It's like they get this market research or something about what people want,
and then they make it that way, but they don't...
It's like they don't quite get it 100%.
It's like, people want tablets.
Let's make an OS for tablets and put it on a PC.
It's like, uh-huh?
Tigerclaw in our chat says,
Who do you think should replace Don Mattrick when going up on stage
at next year's E3 press conference?
Well, I mean, if this rumbling is true, it would be Julie Larson-Green,
which, you know, I don't know much about this particular executive,
I have to say, but however, you know, silly this might sound...
Steve Ballmer.
Well, it could be Steve Ballmer, but I...
He yells a lot.
I like the girl power that Microsoft's showing a little bit here, you know?
I think it would be a great thing for a female to be taking the lead on this,
especially, you know, after there were some very shameful things
that came out of Microsoft's press conference,
whether it was intended or not, it was shameful.
I think that would be...
I mean, Microsoft's got this executive possibly coming in.
The one that used to work for CBS
is now the head of the Microsoft Entertainment Group.
The head of 343 Studios is female.
I think that's great.
I'm all for that type of diversity.
So, you know, at least there's that,
is it will bring a little more diversity,
but I don't know this gal's credentials
or what else she brings to the table outside of that.
But I think we'll be learning a lot more about her
if it's true that she is going to be taking over Microsoft's entertainment division.
We'll see.
So, all right.
Anyhow, I guess we'll move on with news, yes?
Yes.
Moving on to a story about Xbox One,
and since we've been talking a lot about Windows 8,
and I guess if they're bringing in the Windows 8 executive,
this might make a lot of sense here.
Microsoft Builds Developers Conference last week
talked about what could be Xbox One compatibility for Windows 8 apps,
and I think you were mentioning this a little bit too, Loki.
Yeah, I completely didn't realize.
I actually listened to part of the Build thing, too.
There was some news out of it that was kind of exciting, but...
Well, let me read at least some of the quotes here
when we can further talk about this here.
Steve Guggenheimer, who is the VP of Developer and Platform Evangelism,
I don't know if that's a word this website used.
I can't imagine that's a title,
but he talked about how folks that would like to start on Xbox One development
should start on Windows 8 applications because, quote,
Xbox One has two engines.
It's got a gaming engine, and it essentially has a Windows 8 engine.
And then he showed a web application that was running on Xbox One.
Nothing to announce today,
but when I talk about that common core,
you're seeing that common core in action being able to target other devices
over time that run the Windows 8 engine.
Hmm.
Yeah, and I already kind of...
They sort of alluded to that anyways
when they were talking about how their OS is set up,
how it's three OSes basically on top of each other.
You have the Windows 8 OS, the Xbox One OS,
and then the one that kind of makes them talk to each other, I guess.
The arbitrator OS.
Black Wolf corrects me in chat saying,
yes, it is an actual Microsoft title.
Strange, but okay.
I mean, it makes sense. I get it.
I just, you know, when I think of evangelists,
I think of the guys on, you know, PTL on television.
One of the things that was kind of exciting,
because now you know how they don't have really X and A anymore.
It's kind of gone by the wayside.
They did announce a partnership with Unity
where they're going to be allowing porting
where you can make Xbox One games with Unity.
That's going to have that built-in support as well,
so that's kind of cool.
And I think they're going to have PlayStation 4 support as well,
so that's kind of...
I don't know if it's necessarily replacing X and A,
but that may be the new route to go, I guess.
Yeah, I was going to say, how useful is it
for Windows 8 apps to be on Xbox One when you can't self-publish?
But that's the thing, is they may have that,
where it's going to have access to the App Store that's on PC,
but they're going to say,
well, you can't publish a game on Xbox One,
but you can publish an app on the App Store
and have access to Xbox One,
or the Xbox One users will have access to it.
Maybe that's how they're going to get around it.
You know, when I'm thinking to myself,
I'm like, what types of apps could we be talking about here?
Are we talking about things like calendar management apps on Xbox One?
Like anything.
Because when I think of apps, like on 360,
outside of games, they have a lot of web video players.
It seems like everything is some type of video player.
I can't think of a whole lot of stuff on 360
that's not some type of video player for some network or some website.
I have this weird feeling that that's somehow going to be
some sort of entry point for hacking right there,
allowing these applications that can be run on the App Store.
Because I can think of someone
that could somehow sneak something in there.
Oh, yeah, something that gets stealthily loaded,
like how MAME got on the Apple Store.
They loaded it as one of the freeware ROMs.
I think it was called Gridly or something was the game.
It's an arcade game that went freeware.
People released it a long time ago.
So they put that app on the marketplace.
Well, hidden underneath it was a MAME emulator.
And as long as you could get it from the Apple Store
in the window before they caught it,
all you have to do is use one of those programs
that let you browse the file structure on your phone.
You just throw ROMs in the directory.
You got MAME on your iPad and iPhone,
which works great with that little iCade I have sitting over there,
just for the record.
Tigerclaw in chat says,
like, how about a VOG app for Xbox One?
I'm sure Bobby is wincing, kind of thinking about all the work
it would take to make something like that.
Loki is learning how to program.
Maybe he can take that project.
Well, here's the thing. I don't think that's necessary anymore
because nowadays, let's hope that their Internet Explorer
has HTML5 support.
It should be able to support the website natively.
You'd be able to just use the website.
So it's not necessary to create a dedicated app for that stuff anymore
because browsers are smart enough now
to where they can run all that content.
You know, before, they couldn't, so you had to build some.
Gameguru in chat says,
Unity is going to be the indie platform.
We shall see.
I've been hearing a lot of good things about it, though.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, golf.
Let's move on.
I guess I'll do this story here.
Jamie was going to talk about this,
but she's still a few minutes away, it sounds like.
I will cover this here.
It's a game called...
Is it Ittle-Doo?
It's Ittle-Doo.
That'll do, kid.
Ittle-Doo. I-T-T-L-E-Doo.
Ittle-Doo is now out on the PC.
Ittle-Doo, they say, is a kind of Zelda-esque adventure title.
It's very cartoony.
It's by Swedish studio Ludosity.
It sells for 9.40 euros.
That's $13.99.
It's kind of like Zelda, but it has its own cartoon aesthetic,
and it has a lot of self-referential humor.
Oh, I like the games that break down the fourth wall.
That's always a lot of fun.
It pokes fun at itself as your little shipwrecked character
and her flying fox, Tipsy,
go around terrorizing the island's inhabitants
and stealing their wealth and eating their hearts.
That doesn't sound very good unless we're talking, like, flashy hearts like Zelda.
Well, Ittle-Doo will also be on Mac and Steam and Wii U,
Linux, iPad, and Android later this year.
If you get it now, you'll get the Steam, Mac, and Linux ports on their release.
And Ouya.
Oh, and Ouya.
I wasn't hearing the story, but...
Oh, I see. It's on Twitter and it's in review right now.
Very cool.
They review games that go on the Ouya?
That's news.
I don't know what it says.
Probably before it goes on the official marketplace, I would think so.
Yeah, that's good enough.
If you want to see some of the games,
there are some Let's Plays available on YouTube
if you want to see the game in action.
Sounds cute.
I would like to check it out, especially if there's a little demo,
I can get a sample of it,
but I guess there's always a Let's Play if nothing else.
You can kind of check out a little bit about what that game's about.
Jamie must have earmarked that
because that's something she's taken interest in,
so we'll ask her when she gets here.
But for now, let's move on.
So, Ubisoft got hacked.
Uh oh.
Yeah.
So, you know, apparently an unnamed Ubisoft website,
they were hacked,
and the usernames, email addresses, and password information
have all been compromised.
Thankfully, there's no sort of payment data in there,
but still, you know, you share passwords with Uplay or something like that,
you may want to change them.
So, they didn't say that they...
It says the tag did not originate via any Uplay services.
The intrusion targets some of our internal online systems,
and I don't know what that's supposed to mean, but whatever.
All the more reason why I don't like, you know,
signing up for these different services.
Although, I guess now I'm going to have to sign up for Origin
if I want to play Battlefield 3 now, aren't I?
Ugh.
I mean, well, on PS3, I think, right?
Because you have to do that for Mass Effect, right?
Yeah, you have to do it for Mass Effect.
God damn it.
Well, whatever.
I think I still have an old EA account that's probably out there anyways.
It just sucks that you have to have all these different passwords,
and I know there's app solutions and password wallets and things,
but I'm going to be honest,
and maybe I shouldn't be saying this in my public radio show, but whatever.
I kind of have a pool of different passwords I pick from.
My bank account has one password that is very hard.
It's just the most secure type of password.
You can't figure it out, and I don't use it for anything else.
But sites like Uplay or signing up for random web forum here or there,
especially if there's no finances tied to it,
I use one password for pretty much all that stuff.
It's like whatever.
No big deal if you lose it.
Oh no, someone's going to take over my account on Minecraft forum or something.
Pretty much anything that could potentially have my credit card information on it,
I have to basically do a unique password for.
But I have my own little system.
I don't want to say much more than that, but I have a system doing unique passwords.
Well, it may not affect most of our listeners.
Club Nintendo Japan also was hacked.
I guess they realized that there was a bunch of failed login attempts or something like that,
and then they said that just under 24,000 illegitimate logins between June 9th and July 4th
from over 15 million attempts.
So basically said that some of the information compromised in the attack
included full names, phone numbers, home email addresses,
and since they don't hold any credit card information, none of that was leaked.
But still, it sucks.
Still, names and addresses always kind of sucks.
You never know what's going to happen.
I mean, I have my credit card around there.
They get enough stuff to mine enough information, they can create their own credit cards.
Usually they have to get your social for that.
Well, at least here in the States, they have to get your social for that.
But still, scary.
All right, well, moving on, since you talked about Nintendo Japan,
one item that's been getting a lot of passion lately is the region locking that's on Nintendo's console.
And you know, it's not something that apparently is going to exist on Xbox One or PlayStation 4,
which leaves the Wii U kind of the sole holdout when it comes to region locking.
And I think we talked last week or the week before about there was a petition going around
to try and get Nintendo to reverse course on that and open up their system.
Well, I don't want to say that Nintendo necessarily responded to it this week,
but there has been more context that's come out about region locking
that's making the rounds on the sites this week.
And it was an interview with Satoru Iwata, and I believe this was run in IGN,
saying that, quote, from some people's perspectives, the region lock might seem like a kind of restriction.
But each region has its own cultural acceptance and legal restrictions, as well as different age ratings.
There are always things that we're required to do in each different region,
which may go counter to the idea that players around the world want the freedom to play whatever they want.
Continuing the quote here, I hope the game fans can understand that the industry isn't doing this solely out of business ego.
There are some reasons behind it.
Yeah, but I don't think your average mom is going to accidentally import a Japanese copy of some game or something like that.
Oh my God, content that's not appropriate for over here is on that game.
Oh no, that's not going to happen.
It's going to be dedicated fans that know what they want to play are going to pay the fees to import a game to get it over here.
I don't know, I don't see the problem.
Considering it's not a problem for the other consoles, why should it be a problem for this console?
I think the hard thing about this too is that I get the whole business ego thing and you have your reasons for doing it,
but you look really silly when your peers aren't doing it.
That's the problem.
If Nintendo, Sony, and Microsoft were all banded together doing the same thing, this probably wouldn't be an issue in the first place.
Also, I think that they're trying to keep the purity of their marketplace the way it is,
because they're known for being more of a wholesome console versus the other systems that have a lot of violent games on there.
So maybe that's the reason is that they want to make sure that, hey, we may have some stuff that comes out in Japan
that has maybe a little bit more nudity in it than, say, a version that comes out over here.
Maybe that's why we don't want to have these games come out over here for some reason.
But at the same time, it's not like it's going to accidentally fall into the hands of...
How do they think does that work?
That someone's going to go into the store and somehow get a copy from Japan?
They don't do that very often.
Whenever we talk about licensing in regions, I can't help but go back ten years to when we used to talk a lot about Dance Dance Revolution.
Part of the interesting stuff about that game is that that became a huge thing over here,
but all those machines were being imported from Japan.
A lot of the games people were playing were imported from Japan.
There was a lot of...
They couldn't bring it over here because a lot of it came down to music licensing.
A lot of the catchy stuff from Dance Dance Revolution, like Butterfly.
Everybody remembers that for the first time they ever saw DDR years ago, the Butterfly song.
Well, that was from a Japanese series of dance albums.
They had a license with the Toshiba EMI, which is the record company in Japan, to do that whole thing.
They couldn't just do it as is over here.
They would have to re-license it, make that agreement work for the US,
and Konami, in a lot of their hard-headedness, which in some ways I think did come down to business ego, didn't do it.
Wouldn't do it.
And a lot of the stuff we got here in America, especially at first, was just like Konami Originals.
Remember Dance Dance Revolution, Konamiics?
They made a game out of nothing but Konami Originals because you don't have to license that stuff.
And finally, once those games started proving themselves, thanks to the fandom and the fact that the peripheral actually sold,
then they started making more quality games like DDR Max 2, UltraMix 2, which had a lot of US-specific licenses that were pretty good in it.
But even at the end of the day, the arcade machines were almost still always coming from Japan, until what finally...
Well, they had USA Mix. That was one of the old ones.
Yeah, but that was freaking pity being thrown at us in the US, right?
I'll take pity.
But it was nothing like Max 2 in extreme arcades.
I think finally, once Supernova hit, it seemed like they were getting songs licensed worldwide.
But there was a huge gap between extreme and supernova, and there was probably some thought...
I kind of missed when they were like, you know, not necessarily extreme, but like Max around there and EuroMix and stuff like that,
where each, you know, there was kind of like, you know, you had the European games had their own songs,
and the US games kind of had their own songs, and the Japanese games had their own songs.
I liked the differentiation there, but now it's just like so much stuff.
I don't even know what the fuck's on there anymore. It's just...
It is a lot of Konami originals now, but it's not bad.
When it comes to like licensing third-party stuff and so forth, I can understand...
I hate it, although, but I can understand the point of region locking, why they have to do that.
I think we need to understand we're in a more world market now with the internet and kind of find ways around that.
Here's where it comes down to. It's really the fault of, I think, the way the US music industry works,
and I'm not sure it's just limited to the US, but ironically enough, I was looking at this stuff today.
There is a bunch of different licensing. When you get licensing for music, they call them pro and non-pro artists.
Pro basically means they're part of a performance rights organization,
and what that means is you can license the music, you pay for the license or whatever for your game or whatever you want to do.
You have it for your game, but because it's on your game, you're still not licensed for public performance.
If you have your game in an arcade or something like that, you still have to pay for the performance rights for those tracks that are in the game
because it's being publicly displayed. That was probably one of the problems,
where they wouldn't necessarily want to have to pay additional fees to license all the music over here.
Again, although I understand that you can import everything.
At the same time, though, to go back to the whole region and import anything, how many people really import games?
Not a whole ton. Granted, I really do want to import Earth Defense Force, and I probably will.
Honestly, back in the day, in PlayStation, it was so easy, and I've openly admitted this on the show, I didn't import things, I pirated them.
I had no problem. I bought DDR USA Mix, I bought DDR Canomics, and I bought all the US stuff they ever put out.
But you know what? I pirated the Japanese games. If you're not going to put it out here for me to buy, I'm going to get what I want.
I would have happily bought those games if they'd released them in the US.
And I did buy a lot of those games that came out in Japan.
Soundtracks and stuff. A lot. Not necessarily all of them. A lot.
I'm not saying what I did was right, but I'm just saying this is what drives people to do it.
Because then you're talking about paying, what, $80 for a PlayStation 1 game? And it's like, fuck that.
I bought a lot of games at anime conventions. I had R4 and stuff like that. Fantastic game.
And like Dance Dance Revolution, what the hell was that? Extra Mix. Remember that one?
That was like fourth plus songs and the solo mix songs, I think.
Alright, go into our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says, seriously, what's wrong with having multiple windows saying before you purchase, hey, this is an import title.
It won't be in your native language. If you're going to complain about it, then you shouldn't buy this.
I think that does happen on PlayStation. Like the Mega Man games that are all up were all the Japanese Mega Man redos that are all in the PlayStation Marketplace.
And I think their warning is like in tiny text. You could probably easily miss it. I think.
Well, here's the other thing, too, is why can't they have like...
Well, they could easily build this in, but I know they don't want it because they want to make money from, you know, I guess just impulse purchases.
But why couldn't they just, you know, have like Android does where say you need to return the game, you can do it within like, you know, say seven days or something like that and get your money back.
And at the very least, you know, if it's, oh, I can't understand this game because it's all in Japanese or something, you know, maybe I thought I could get through, but it's too text intensive to actually be able to play it.
You know, this isn't for me. I'm going to return it and get my money back or something like that.
I don't see why they couldn't do that now, but I don't know. It doesn't seem like a big deal, but they could easily do that.
I think that I am surprised that they don't open the marketplaces up because there's a lot of games that do want to purchase that like Earth Defense Force.
If I could buy Earth Defense Force 4 without having to import that thing. Hell yeah, I'd buy digitally.
I would totally buy it. I would have already bought it digitally, you know, but I'm going to have to pay seventy dollars to import that.
A lot of people, not necessarily a lot of people in chat, but a lot of people I know talking about this game from our chat room.
Brad from Pod Culture says, this region deal just reminded me of something else I played this week, Phantasy Star Online 2.
And yeah, just irritating that Sega will not put that game out here, but maybe it has something to do with the free to play model and the Japan thing.
And you know, that's a whole other monkey wrench in the system.
Servers, I think it's server cost.
When you have the store built in or what have you.
Maybe it's a game that they don't think they're going to make their money back on as fast over here and so they don't want to invest in local servers.
Alright, well let me welcome to the show, she's here ladies and gentlemen, Dark Soccer, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, welcome. You made it.
Yeah, this has been a harrowing day.
Yeah?
Trying to get in the chat.
Productive day though, right?
Yeah, we found a house that if all goes well, we're buying it.
Amazing.
And it's actually relatively close to here.
Wow, really?
It's over by ARC.
Okay.
It's a big house.
Yeah, I saw it from the picture you sent, yeah.
And it has perfect studio room.
Wow.
Moving on up.
Well, we'll keep our fingers crossed.
We don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
We'll keep our fingers crossed for you.
We do not, but it is, it's adorbs.
Nice.
And it has almost no yard, so it's awesome.
Well, good luck.
You walked in on a story about Nintendo defending region locking.
So, and now you were talking about the whole, you know, the fact that Xbox One and Sony
won't do it, but Nintendo is saying, you know, we're not doing this out of business ego.
We have to do it.
There's reasons behind it, but I'm kind of like, but your peers don't do it.
So, I don't know.
Anyway, I think that Nintendo tries to do things their own way.
And by the way, thank you.
Thank you for congratulations.
I, there's, I know reasons for doing it for controlling markets, at least.
And I know Nintendo tends, for as much as they like to innovate with the system, they
like to stay traditional with the business model.
So, it's sort of that same interesting, it's actually something I've noticed with a lot
of Japanese businesses, that they'll tend to innovate with the tech or with the product
that's going out, but keep their business model and their business practices very conservative.
And if this has been business as usual for them, I don't see them straying from it.
Okay.
So, I'm surprised that they kind of went back on the whole, you know, region free stuff
because I remember the portable consoles from them used to be region free up until the 3DS.
And it's kind of weird that they went back on.
I mean, I guess there was a lot of piracy in the DS.
Maybe that was the reason they were trying to limit that.
Maybe, I don't know.
Maybe it has to, you know, I'm thinking the whole, like, the DLC and that stuff, like,
I kind of think there's something there with that too.
See, I would agree with you if they were full into DLC and like online.
Well, they're starting to move that way though.
I mean, Super Luigi U.
How long has it taken them?
I mean, seriously.
But they're there.
The plans are being set in motion.
I don't think they're there yet.
Well, they're coming.
All right, anyhow.
Give me downloadable tracks and Mario Kart 8 and we'll talk.
Be careful what you wish for, young man.
I'm seriously, like, Mario Kart always sells me a console for Nintendo.
It's sad, but, like, I do like the idea of playing on a separate screen because, you know,
my wife does hog the TV a lot.
All right.
Or I have a laptop, I guess.
Well, Dark Sakura, I'm dying to talk to you about Atari Party and your gaming week,
but we'll make the listeners wait a little bit.
We'll do that at the top of Part B.
Yes.
Tonight.
So, we'll do that after the break tonight.
I can say though.
We did do some reminiscing.
Tons of fun.
We did do some reminiscing at the top of the show even though I didn't go to Atari Party
because, you know, rehearsals.
Well, you know what next week is, yes?
Yes, and I want to go so bad, but I can because I got Clue, rehearsals, and other stuff.
You know what?
What?
California Shrews only once a year.
You can watch Clue anytime.
No, but the Clue performance is only once a year, man.
My costume's sitting over there.
Okay, Colonel Mustard.
Anyhow.
Just don't let me find a wrench in your, you know.
July 27th.
Colonial Theater in Sacramento.
Yours truly.
On stage.
On screen.
Clue.
All right.
Let's move on with video game news.
Dark Soccer was bringing a lot of indie game news tonight since she's still getting powered
on here.
I'm totally getting this game.
Undertale.
I don't know much about this, but Undertale is a traditional role-playing game, but it's
trying to avoid violence.
So, it's like a pacifist role-playing game.
So, Undertale is a place where humans and monsters used to coexist peacefully, but as
the two races tore apart because of war, the monsters went underground, and a child tumbles
through a great hole and falls into a monster-filled domain.
Wasn't that the plot of Monsters, Inc.?
Sort of, but I like the twist on this.
Kitty.
I like the twist on this one.
Kitty.
So, yeah, Undertale is a game where no one gets hurt.
It says the ability to take out enemies with a click still exists, but so do alternate
options.
You can befriend a boss that you've encountered by talking to them.
Why not show your foes mercy and spare them?
I think that's kind of neat.
Something a little different.
Yeah, it gives you the opportunity to talk to them out of kicking your ass.
Let's see, the game is funding right now on Kickstarter, because you know a lot of these
indie games are, and the funding ends on July 24th.
Windows, PC, and Mac, and it will be released in summer 2014.
This may take my Kickstarter virginity.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
You got into it, huh?
Yeah, it's such a neat concept, and I've really been getting more and more into the indie
game scene, so I'm excited.
You missed my gaming week.
I've played a shit ton of indie stuff thanks to that fucking Steam trading card thing.
It's addicting.
Well, I played a shit ton of old stuff.
Have you played Binding of Isaac?
I haven't.
That game is disturbing.
I've started it.
It was really like, the controls bizarre on it, so I was like, this looks like Zelda,
but bloody.
Yeah, well, it looks like Zelda, but it doesn't play anything like it.
It plays more like Rogue.
No, it doesn't.
It really is Rogue.
It was alright, I started it.
I think I need to do like Operation Play My Steam games or something like that, because
I seriously have like 150 games that I know I haven't touched a lot of them.
A lot of them are like, dude, I gotta get that, especially like Arma 2.
I need to get that to play DayZ.
Not touched it once.
Not even a single time.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and games that
are coming a whole lot sooner than summer 2014, like this week.
Yeah, not a whole lot this week, but there are some actual games.
Dark on Xbox 360, kind of a stealth vampire game that's okay, I guess.
That's coming from Calypso NCAA Football, 2014, coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360 this week.
The Metal Gear Solid Collection, Legacy Collection, which is pretty much all your Metal Gear games
that you could possibly want on the PlayStation 3, including, they even have like the original
Metal Gear games in there as well, so that's kind of cool.
And I want to say also this week, I think was the expansion for Civilization V?
Woot!
It is this week.
So, yeah, so that'll be coming out as well.
I'm trying to think, did I forget anything else here?
Let's see here.
Yeah, Brave New World was this week.
Okay, cool.
And I thought there was one other game.
I'm forgetting here.
What is it?
Nope.
Nope, that was it.
All right.
Then let's travel over to Japan and check out some of the releases over there on the
PlayStation 3 this week.
On kind of an off cycle day, July 10th, Nobunaga no Yabu Online, Tenka Mugen no Shu comes out
in Treasure and regular editions.
I'm thinking that's an expansion.
I think Nobunaga no Yabu is already out there, so I think this is an expansion version that's
coming out from Koe.
Of course, the Nobunaga games have been huge in Japan for years, but they never really
seem to catch on here the same way.
But coming out on July 11th, Battlefield 3 gets a price reduction.
Dead Island Riptide gets its Japanese release.
Metal Gear Solid, the Legacy Collection will be there as well.
And something called a PlayStation 3 HDD Recorder Pack in 250 gig.
I think that's, oh, yeah, they have the whole, like, TiVo thing built into the PS3s in some
places over there.
So we don't really have that so much here.
So you have that to look forward to if you need a 250 gig drive for all your TV recording
in Japan.
Otherwise, on the Xbox 360 this week, Dead Island Riptide also gets its release there
and Battlefield 3 a price reduction.
Monster Hunter Frontier G2 also gets a premium package.
That, again, is on the Xbox 360.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, not a lot unless you need some new headphones because
that's a peripheral that's out this week.
On the Wii U, July 13th, we'll see the release of New Super Luigi U as well as Pikmin 3.
Kind of bam, bam, getting hit with two games there.
There's a new Wii U Premium Set 32 gig in white also to look forward to on that day.
So kind of another little, I'm sure there will be a lot of promotion, almost like a
soft relaunch of the Wii U with some of those games behind it.
On the 3DS, not a lot, but there is Yuukai Watch, which is, I'm trying to see what this game is.
Is it Yuukai or Yo-kai?
I think it's Yo-kai.
That means monster or demon watch.
It definitely is some type of little kitty demon thing.
I wonder if that's based on an anime.
It's an RPG.
Yeah, Yo-kai.
Alright, and let me look at the PSP because there's still games that come out there occasionally.
Yes, actually there are quite a few things this week.
Samurai Do Portable gets a price reduction.
As far as new games go, there is Hanayakakana Waraga Ichizoku Saugare Polar Star in regular and limited edition.
And there's even a whole little set you can get with this as well.
Alright, that's it for Japanese releases.
How about the UK?
Some stuff.
On July 8th, we have Kavinsky for mobile Android iPad iPhone.
On the 11th, we have Star Wars Pinball for Wii U and Tiny Thief for iPhone.
On the 12th, we have a Dynasty Warriors 8.
That's all.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys.
And yes, she got here in time to do the classic game of the week.
I sped past a CHP guy and he didn't even bat an eye.
He's like, go on girl, you go.
We would have rolled it over until she got here if we had to.
But we do have a couple more stories now that we're back on track. Loki.
Sorry, you put Saints Row in there as a classic game of the week.
I did play a lot of Commodore 64 games this week too.
Rob, they had all kinds of Atari computers and I played R-Type.
Did you?
Yeah.
And it sucks on the joystick, just saying.
Save it for the next half of the show, Loki.
So now there's another new feature coming to Steam and that is Twitch integration.
You can actually link your Twitch account with your Steam account.
And of course, what's the first thing that's going to make use of it?
Dota 2. Yay.
You'll be able to, I guess, watch Dota tournaments in-game or via, I guess, Twitch.
I don't know if they're going to have a specific app or something as part of the Steam store.
I don't know.
I didn't really poke around for that because I'm not really a big Dota 2 player.
I've tried it and, you know, it's just, that's a genre I haven't been able to crack yet.
So the whole, what do they call those? Mobas?
Yeah, Massive Online Battle Arena.
Yeah.
MobaMoga?
MobaMoga?
So, yeah, I haven't really gotten into those hardcore.
But it doesn't sound like you can stream through this Twitch integration.
Like, Origin supposedly let you do, although it never worked for me.
Yeah, you can't stream, but you can actually, I guess, watch it.
And they said also that you can, what was it?
You can get, like, oh, actually, they're launching this August 7th.
So it's not something you can do yet.
But I don't know if they're going to have-
That's why I haven't seen ads for it. That makes sense now.
Yes, I guess now, I guess you can receive special items if you watch certain tournaments or something like that.
So they're going to have, how much do you want to bet? Steam trading cards?
How much do you want to bet?
Twitch, Twitch, Twitch. And I'm not talking about the website. That is actually my head twitching.
Alright.
Hey, Bobby, you know what VoG needs?
Uh oh.
Trading cards.
Oh god, don't give him ideas.
VoG trading cards.
You could trade the loot.
That would be fun to make.
You could maybe trade the loot or something.
I could totally make trading cards.
Oh boy, here we go.
If you pay me for it.
You know who does, you know who does some pretty interesting cards?
I'll pay you in Pinkberry.
Ooh, I could deal with that.
Bresl, you know.
Oh yeah, he does his little-
You know, I've got like four magic cards from him, and one of them was from when Shermy was alive, and it was Geek Cat.
So Shermy is a magic card.
Aww.
Yeah, she's a legend.
That's fun.
Alright, one more story for you guys, and it's about the Double Fine Project Broken Age.
This is probably the first Kickstarter project most of us heard about it.
Oh god.
And yeah, Broken Age apparently needs a little more money.
Well, here's the thing. I've heard two sides to this story.
I've heard, so I'm going to read this.
As it was reported on Joystiq here, it says,
they need more capital than the 3.3 million that it crowdfunded in March of 2012 through Kickstarter.
And there's a backers only update that says,
quote, even though we received much more money from our Kickstarter than we or anybody anticipated,
that didn't stop me from getting excited and designing a game so big that it would need even more money.
So Double Fine will release the, I guess a refined version of the first half of the game in January of 2014,
when the income through early access should give production for the rest of the game.
Now, I saw this somewhere, I don't know if it was Twitter or Tumblr or both,
that people might be misconstruing this a bit and that they're actually trying,
they're not trying to raise the money for this project,
but they're putting it out there early so they can raise the capital to do other projects.
So the media might be jumping, like crossing lines a little bit here saying,
oh, Kickstarter screwed up and nobody knows what the fuck they're doing on that site.
I think they're just a little suspicious because, you know,
first they did this and they raised so much money and, you know, it should be enough.
Of course, you know, you adjust your budget for your game when you get a ton of extra revenue and stuff.
And that's why they have those stretch goals and stuff like that.
And then, of course, there's the massive Chalice game that's also being done by them
that also just got Kickstarted that they're getting funding for already for a game that they haven't even finished the first one.
Yeah, I mean, I understand they have multiple teams working over there.
And now they're really, you know, they're trying to raise more funding for, you know,
what originally seemed like this original game, but it may be for a future project.
So it's like kind of like you guys are asking for a lot of money from us for different things.
And yet you still haven't been able to deliver on anything yet.
And I think that's kind of where the suspicion is.
But you know what? That's unlike a lot of the Kickstarter projects.
And, you know, even with the Ouya and stuff, you raise all this money, why couldn't you deliver them on time?
Well, it's because you can use DHL. I mean, all the money in the world is not going to make DHL good.
I mean, seriously.
Well, all the money in the world could maybe get FedExed to buy them.
At least it didn't ship them Old Dominion. It wouldn't be here yet.
It would be on a freaking turtle in the middle of the ocean, OK?
All right, let's travel back to a time that was a lot more simpler than this.
A lot more simpler?
A lot more simpler with its grammar.
You know what? You didn't have to wait for DHL to ship your game from Hong Kong.
You walked into Best and you bought it.
Oh, no, no. You got it from Montgomery Ward, who's the mail order.
That's right. It's the classic game of the week.
And then you'd get out your little magazine and order something from Funkoland.
You check the price of it on their little newspaper.
You know that was Dan started at Funkoland before the game came out?
No, I know, I know, yeah.
I remember when they were an ad on the back of the magazine offering to buy your games.
But anyway, the classic game of the week.
Millipede. Not centipede. Millipede.
And it was also known as Millipede Revenge of the Giant Instinct.
Insects. Why do I say instincts?
Miripido Kyodai Konchuu no Gyakushuu.
And that was its Famicom release.
It came out in 1982 by Atari.
It is the sequel to Centipede.
And basically you have to score as many points as possible by destroying all the segments of the millipede as it moves down on the screen.
When you destroy a section, it becomes a mushroom.
And you use a trackball to play it.
So you don't even need a joystick. This is old school.
And guess what?
The reason why I brought this up is because we actually had a prototype cartridge of it for the Atari 5200.
So when I bring up lists, I will tell you if you have an Atari 5200, I will tell you how to get it.
Atari age. They're great people. Anyway.
So basically, the big differences between Millipede and Centipede.
And keep in mind, I like Millipede better than Centipede.
Is that the earwig is the same as the scorpion and centipede.
So it makes poisonous mushrooms.
And it makes the millipede charge right towards the bottom.
The bee basically does the same thing as the centipede.
It drops mushrooms on a vertical line.
And takes two shots to kill.
The spider bounces all over the screen.
But you can get multiple spiders. You have an inchworm.
And when it hits, it slows all the enemies on the screen for a short period of time.
You have the beetle that crawls around the player area.
And then goes into the leaves.
And it turns any mushroom it touches into indestructible flowers.
And when it hits, everything on the screen scrolls down one row.
The dragonfly drops mushrooms while zigzagging.
And it can be destroyed with one shot.
The mosquito bounces off the sides.
And when you hit it, it scrolls the screen up one row.
And then there's a DDT bomb that you can blow up with one shot.
And it destroys all the enemies and mushrooms within its blast radius.
But when the mushrooms scroll down, a new bomb is added at the top of the screen.
So you can have up to four bombs in play at a time.
Basically, when you get rid of all of the poisoned mushrooms, they all revert to normal.
And they all turn into normal when you lose a life.
So they don't have to worry about that if you happen to suck and die.
And you have new mushrooms growing on the field when others go.
And it's just really awesome.
It's basically just scrolling and shooting as fast as possible.
And to me this was harder than centipede.
And a lot more challenging.
It just moved a lot faster.
It was so much fun.
And it has... centipede and millipede both have the best 1-up sound.
The...
Which I can't do because I have no voice...
As far as releases that came out.
It came out on the Atari 8-bit and ST computer line and the Atari 2600.
There was a NES version published in 1985.
It came out with centipede on the Game Boy as Arcade Classics number 2 centipede millipede.
It was released with centipede on Xbox 360 on Xbox Live Arcade.
And it was going to be...
The Atari 2600 port was going to be a launch title for the Xbox 360
and the Games For Windows Live Game Room thing.
It was on the Game Room on May 26, 2010.
Now like I was saying...
There are various prototype carts out there.
We have a version for Atari 5200.
And I believe it might have been a...
A conversion from one of the PC versions.
But it's really good.
We've got Atari Trackball, which is almost as big as an Atari 5200.
And if you've ever seen an Atari 5200, that sucker's huge.
You know, I was not a fan of this on the Xbox 360 Arcade.
And you know why? No Trackball.
You cannot play this game without a Trackball.
Trackball or get out.
If you play it on an Atari 2600 joystick, it's not the same.
It's not the same.
It's like playing Tempest without a Trackball.
Well, you know what?
You need the twist dial for Tempest.
That's what I meant.
We were actually going to try to make a...
Because we actually have Tempest 5200.
Actually, Tempest with a Trackball, though, is okay.
Tempest worked well with a Trackball.
And if a mouse is on the right settings, that's like the closest you get.
But it just doesn't work.
But then again, Tempest 2000 was pretty kickass.
Well, I'm going to go ahead and say, as I said earlier,
that for anybody who happens to have an Atari 5200,
go to Atari Age, you can buy the copy.
I think that we paid like 25 for ours.
We also did get a copy of Tempest for the Atari 5200.
And I'll tell you, they're great people.
They make really quality products.
They come in, I believe it's refurbished cartridges, repurposed cartridges.
And it's just, they're great people.
So if you've got the 5200, definitely get their release of Millipede.
As far as high scores, by the way,
there was a high score set by Donald Hayes in New Hampshire
of 10,627,331 points.
That was in 1994.
And then the highest score in tournament play was also set by him
at almost 7,000,000 points.
The default high scores in the arcade are actually FXL and ED.
ED is for Ed Log, who was the design and programmer.
And Franz Lasinger was also a designer and tester.
And it was the only way that they could get their credits in the game
because at the time Atari didn't allow them to put their credits in.
And that is your trivia.
That is a classic game. It is Millipede.
All right. Millipede is the classic game of the week.
A very fitting choice considering some of the shenanigans
you've been up to this week.
And I'm sure we'll get something out of California Xtreme next week.
Have you ever done the Journey video game? It might be time.
It might be time.
I have. Well, not the Journey video game.
But I've played it a bunch of times.
And then I screamed and cried a little bit and felt sick.
All right.
And as I say, just hold on.
Because the Atari 800, there's mentions of it coming up next part.
All right.
As far as what systems I don't have, I do not have the Fairchild Channel-F.
Just saying.
If somebody's looking to buy a Darksider system.
Or the first Magnavox Odyssey. But I do have an Odyssey, too.
Do you have a Virtual Boy?
Yes, I do.
Wow. I didn't know that.
There's a Virtual Boy that came in the phone case.
Because Dan bought it from Blockbuster.
I want to come over and get a headache.
Sure.
Maybe we'll have a great big headache party.
I'll play my 3DS on 3D.
And you can play the Virtual Boy.
And then we'll both be in pain.
And then we'll spin around until we barf.
Yay.
Don't they have an Oculus Rift emulator or something like that
that has Virtual Boy?
That wouldn't surprise me at all, actually.
This Oculus Rift thing is going to be interesting
when it's at a consumer level, you know?
Coffee.
What do I look like, Dan?
Anyhow.
No.
Alright.
Let us take a break here.
We're going to take a quick break.
And when we come back with more of Orange Lawn Radio,
Darksider's going to talk to us about Atari Party.
You're going to talk to us through our full question of the week
about board games and video games colliding.
I am.
I met you, the audience.
But you can talk to us about it, too, if you want, Darksider.
No, I don't want to.
What, you don't like board games?
I like card games.
Alright.
Because I've been, I've had my mind blown with Cards Against Humanity.
And we like your emails, and we like to do some FUs of the Week,
and we like to take your phone calls.
All that when we come back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi there.
This is Redertainment.
And you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio,
the show where every gamer has a voice.
And I want to use my voice to tell you that
Garris ain't got nothing on Samantha Trainer.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Tonight, July the 7th of 2013, and we are back,
Episode 511 of our show with all of you, live.vognetwork.com.
And DarkSakura, she's here now.
And I have coffee.
After running a variety of errands and so forth.
I'm giddy still.
I'm giddy.
Yeah?
I'm showing off the pictures of the house like it's a cat.
Well, just be careful.
Get the keys first.
I know, I know.
Well, we're-
I don't need to press Sakura should anything go wrong next week.
I am just saying that we're in a good position.
Yeah.
We're in a good position.
And it would take us about 30 to 45 days to get in the house,
assuming everything goes fluidly.
Swell.
Well, good luck.
We're all crossing our fingers and toes,
but I don't want to see you pissed off.
But they have to see our conditioner first.
All right.
And I got to say, though,
that a new house doesn't exactly make for
as exciting swap note pictures as a cat.
That's true.
I could put little doki-doki symbols on the house
and make it blush.
Or I could make it, you know,
demonic like the house from Poltergeist or something.
Nice.
All right.
Well, let's talk about Atari Party.
Since I've been telling the listeners you went to this,
and I'm sure our retro gaming fans can appreciate
the fun of Atari Parties.
Tell us a little bit about what it is
and what you experienced when you went.
Atari Party.
And basically this has happened, I think,
every year for the last, I want to say six years or so.
And also you can look on Facebook.
The Atari Party folks have a page.
But this guy put everything together.
He brings a lot of his own stuff.
And volunteers can bring their own systems.
We had just all kinds of things across the board.
Like, we were the only ones there with a 5200,
but we brought two of them.
And then someone had an Atari flashback set up.
There was a Jaguar set up on the big screen.
So there was some Tempest and some Dragon's Lair going on.
We were going to set up Alien vs. Predator
in the little conference room to the side,
but people ended up bringing their food in there.
There were definitely Atari 800s.
There were Atari, that was the computer.
There were STs.
There was a couple links set up.
In fact, I believe that every Atari computer
had a representation there.
And let me look through my photos
because I took pictures of a lot of the systems.
In fact, one thing that really impressed me
is that someone brought in an Atari touchpad.
There were 7200s.
There were just all kinds of stuff.
So why?
Why Atari Party?
Because people love Atari. Why not? It's fun.
People need to remember their roots.
I was kind of hoping the answer would be that.
Why the hell not?
When's Commodore Party?
Am I invited to Commodore Party?
You can start Commodore Party.
But see, it was funny because this was at
one of the Davis Public Libraries
over by the, sorry, Library,
over by this park that Atari Party used to be at.
The People's Republic of Davis.
Abandon all hope ye who enter.
Exactly.
Abandon hope of having your car not pooped on.
Tiger Claw on Chat says,
did they have some Atari arcade games too?
There was a guy there who,
I think he came from,
he came from out of state. I know that.
But he hooked up an emulator that had different
emulated games.
He even had any game that had been on an Atari system.
He had the arcade versions of plus the
regular Atari, various Atari versions.
I didn't realize that people came out of state for this.
I thought it was kind of a locals thing.
A lot of people were more like just from out of,
like our friends Tim and his girlfriend
came from the Bay Area.
Oh, okay. Like Reno is, you know, out of state,
but it's not that far.
Yeah, no, this guy I think came from a couple states over.
So I didn't ask him.
To be honest, my sign language isn't that great.
I didn't mention he's deaf.
But he was using his iPad as a communication tool.
And like I am way out of practice with my ASL.
So, yeah.
But we, funny, Rage Nator asks,
would two Atari 5200s equal an Atari 10400?
No, because they don't do that.
One of the pictures I got of a really good version
of Pac-Man was played on an Atari 1200 XL.
There were several different Atari computers there.
Like I said earlier,
there was one that was running R-Type.
Another one running Ghost and Gallows.
Just the thing is that while they make the games look pretty,
they don't sound too fantastic.
And the control was shit.
It's just really hard to play either of those games on a keyboard
or with the joystick, with an analog joystick
that just keeps wanting to recenter itself.
I'm looking at the chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, I saw Dan's pictures on Facebook
and I thought it was really cool
to see kids playing systems that were twice their age.
You know what, that was something that we were discussing
during the event.
I mean, there were a lot of kids that,
I mean, some of them came with their parents
that remembered everything.
I met a really nice guy who actually had a Japanese 3DS,
so I now have a Japanese tag on my 3DS.
Well, right here, I should say.
And, you know, I just chatted with a lot of folks
and we all had the same love of old, stinky systems.
And there were, though, a lot of people like,
oh my god, you have a 5200, rah, rah, rah.
And I was like, dude, you have a working 7200,
or 7800, yeah, with the worst joysticks ever.
Oh my god, now the Atari 5200,
the joysticks were notorious for breaking.
We had some good replacements
and Dan made a dedicated button pad to work with it.
But because we had that trackball,
a lot of people, you should see people
trying to play Dig Dug with trackball, it's hilarious.
But Dan was saying that he noticed a lot of girls
were sitting down and wanting to play Qbert.
Like, he had the most, he was saying,
it was like, I think that he noticed
that enough women were sitting down
and actually just playing Qbert above all else.
So, and then he's like, is it a girl thing?
Is Qbert a girl thing?
I was like, well, maybe it's the nose, huh?
Wow, is Qbert a girl thing?
I like Qbert, what the hell does that mean?
I like Qbert, but you know what my game is
on the Atari 5200 is Kix.
Oh yeah, Kix is a fun game.
I sat and played like a crap ton of Kix.
I got like three split Kixes in a row.
Kix was basically the inspiration for Miss Nude World 96.
Yes it was, but it was better.
No it didn't, it didn't have techno music.
Or boobies.
Raginator in chat says, I gotta ask,
did anyone bring the 2600 version of Pac-Man
or even E.T.?
Yes, several people did.
And I played 2600 Pac-Man.
I actually made it pretty far on 2600 Pac-Man.
We did have people bringing E.T.
And I actually sat next to some guy
and I was like, you do realize
that this is like a prime example
of gamer masochism, right?
He's like, yeah.
I was like, so you're just into that kind of thing?
He's like, yeah.
And then we started, remember that story
we brought up though where the town in Arizona
was willing to let the dump be excavated?
Well, a couple of people hadn't heard that
so we were talking about it and they're like,
well, we get to find out if it's, uh...
Ugh, fuck.
Rob, that hurts my soul.
I love that game.
This is some iconic noise though.
Like, it's funny.
But keep in mind, this is the best they did
with what they had.
Oh yeah, no, if you read the stories
about how these games had to be programmed
like with such a short turnaround
and the coding in these games is so tight,
like you actually...
You have no room for bonuses.
It's kind of impressive.
I think the guy that programmed Jungle Hunt
has some weird Easter egg in that
where if you get a certain score at a certain time
and do a silly dance and then interpretive music,
then maybe a prayer to Satan or something,
then you can see his initials pop up for five seconds.
Now the ET game, do you know the history
of why the ET game is this bad?
Yes. Howard Scott Warshaw, who did some great games,
he did Yars Revenge, he only had like...
Three weeks.
Yeah, oh yeah.
Three weeks to put out.
And the reason why there were so many copies of it
is they were expecting that because of the movie tie-in,
because the movies sold so much,
that they were expecting the game to equally sell as much
and basically it had high sales during its first week
and then people realized how bad it was
and that's where that urban legend of there being
just that dump full of ET cartridges.
I want to see a 48-hour game jam to make new ET games.
You know, I remember a story we covered on the show
not that long ago where somebody actually fixed ET.
I'm using my quarter fingers.
Yeah, where they went back and made the collision detection
not so crazy and just made the game better, basically.
Well, I mean, the equivalent of doing this in three weeks
was me doing my final exam in one day
for my web design class.
Yeah, my site looks pretty good, but could have been better.
Yeah, it could have actually worked, too.
But, well, actually I did three days,
got my web design stuff done.
But anyway, going back to what was there,
there was a really good representation
and not just Atari systems, too.
There were people who brought in Atari collections.
Like I said, there was an Atari flashback,
but someone also brought a Nintendo with the Atari games
that were released for Nintendo, an NES.
And there was a PlayStation with one of the, sorry,
a PS2 with one of the collections on it.
Someone had a Game Boy, two Game Boy SPs
with various Atari collection packs on it.
And like I said, we had Linksys.
We had various computer setups.
There were actually a lot more computer setups
than console setups, I noticed.
And then there was a raffle, and some jerk face
ran off with one of the books for the raffle.
So someone had to go without a prize.
Oh, no, like legit, oh, I thought you were saying
that like, oh, he won what I wanted.
It was like a book about Atari stuff.
No, some guy legit stole it.
Asshole.
Yeah, the guy who ran it, Bill,
and Bill is just, he's so great for,
he had the best shirt, too.
He had one of the ghost monsters being chased
by the Act01 all in pixels, you know, from Ghostbusters.
It was really cute.
And his kids were there.
And there were like lots of,
I would probably say preteen and up aged kids,
and just going around and having a good time,
and getting to see these things.
Oh, and I've actually heard flat out,
I've never seen this game before, this is fun.
Just goes to show that you don't have to have
the shiniest graphics to make a really good game.
And like, Dan, we had to stay relatively near his stuff
because we had so many 5200 games
that we brought with us in the protos.
But we had a few rounds of Super Pac-Man going on,
and if anyone wants to look, a few days back,
well, actually just yesterday's stuff on my Tumblr,
my Tumblr is Kurotsubasa, it's K-U-R-O-U-T-S-U-B-A-S-A.
I have some of my photos from Atari Party,
and if you're on Facebook and a friend of me,
I did put up a thing, but I will go to my fan page
and share the photos there so that people can see
the photos from Atari Party.
Cool.
I had a really good time, it was just fun,
and the guys bought us sodas, and I didn't drink any
because they're regular Coke.
So more classic gaming next week with California Extreme.
Yeah, I didn't know that California Extreme was next week,
and Dan's like, so you're going to California Extreme with me?
I guess so.
Are you going to be back for the show?
Saturday.
Oh yeah, well it runs all weekend long.
But we're not going for the whole thing, because money.
Sure, sure.
Okay.
Well, I want to move on with the show,
get into rapid fire news, but I did want to ask about
your gaming week outside of Atari Party.
Have you played anything this week besides Atari?
Besides Atari games?
Well, I wanted to play Final Fantasy XIV this weekend
because I wanted to start my scholar.
You can't.
Arcana still isn't in the beta.
Ah, fuck!
You wouldn't have been able to anyway.
Well, poop.
Well, then I wanted to get at least past level 15.
I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing because,
you know, I got my 3DS last weekend.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, slidekick.
I have paid off my mortgage, two room expansions,
my upstairs, and I'm paying off my upstairs room expansion.
I've been to the island, it doesn't really get me,
it kind of gets me some good money.
I have fruit everywhere.
Beetles, nothing but beetles.
And I have a cross-dressing dog.
Awesome.
Named Butch.
That's awesome.
Yes, I want Dina back there.
Dina was my lady.
Actually, no, I want the gay unicorn.
Yes, I've heard there's a gay unicorn.
There's a gay unicorn named Julian, and I said,
Becky, don't, you know, that's not named after your son.
He's just a gay unicorn.
We know your little boy likes girls.
But if he didn't, we'd still love him anyway.
Which makes me want him in my village so I can be his hag.
I would totally be his hag, and I would put up
pride signs outside of his house.
We'd have a parade just for him.
You and Dina.
Julian and Dina.
You go.
Do you think there's fanfic out there that ships those two?
Rob.
As friends.
This is the internet.
There's fanfics that ship everybody and everything.
There are fanfics that would take two blades of grass
in a Star Trek movie and ship them.
And no, people actually-
I want to find some really dirty Animal Crossing fanfic
and have some red on the show.
Oh, no.
Tumblr has created its own phenomenon,
and that is shipping fandoms.
Creating avatars for fandoms and shipping them.
Welcome to the internet.
Everything is shippable.
Rob's looking it up too.
You're so disgusting, Rob.
Alright, maybe I'll have something for you guys
after rapid-fire news.
And Shakers.
I was going to be playing Ragnarok Online 2,
but I gave it up for Final Fantasy XIV.
I did get a little bit of time on Drunken Robot Pornography,
which is a great game.
I'd recommend everyone get it.
And I have to thank Gamer Girl,
because she got me JetSight Radio.
And I love that game,
but I have to do some rewiring with my various USB cables
so that my hub will work again
and I can plug in my Xbox controller to use on-
Shakers just shipped his pants.
I ship my pants with my shirt.
But the shirt has to be on top.
Alright, we've got to move on with the show.
Thank you for the classic gaming take-back, though,
and you'll bring us more of it next week.
Meanwhile, rapid-fire news about new games.
Loki, starting us off.
So Grand Theft Auto 5 is going to require an install
on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
which is not surprising, on Xbox 360,
because it's such a large game.
It is on two disks.
The first disk will allow you to install the game,
and then the second disk is going to be the one
that you actually play with.
So it creates an install partition for the game,
and then you just play it from there on,
which makes sense because the world's so fucking huge.
The PS3, of course, is one disk because it's Blu-ray.
You can store more shit on there.
So you're going to need eight gigabytes of free space
in order to install the first disk section
or the section of the game on PlayStation 3.
I'm excited.
Still can't wait to play it, and I'm not surprised.
And now, of course, the way they've gotten around things
in Australia being unrated or not being barred
because they can't get it rated,
even though they have an R18 Plus rating, makes no sense,
there is a low violence version that's being made
for Australia for Saints Row IV,
and that's been spotted on Steam.
So I guess that's how they're going to get around it.
And remember, it's not the end of the world.
There's always mods.
You better believe that somebody in Australia
is going to find a way around that shit
to patch the game back to the way it should be.
So just, you know, not a big deal.
And speaking about patching, Fez is getting patched
on Xbox Live Arcade.
Phil Fish said basically that, you know,
now that the updates don't cost anything,
he's going to spend a few months, I guess,
to put an update together to fix the problems that were,
I guess, affecting about 1% of the players before.
So fix the problems that were in the first patch
that they had to recall.
So that's good news, I guess.
And of course, as a reminder, Fez 2 is not in development
for the Xbox One or Xbox 360 because he's still pissed.
Sorry, I'm laughing over here because I'm finding
some Animal Crossing fanfic to read.
And this one isn't dirty, but it's about a relationship
between Monique and Rosie.
And my favorite is that they actually incorporated
how Monique always says, pfft, into the story.
And they're fighting over a letter.
And Monique shrugged her shoulders
then shook her head once more.
Then you won't mind if I read this then.
I know what I'm doing after the show.
All right, moving on to some other rapid-fire news.
Xbox One's Kinect will be able to read QR codes.
This will be handy because that way you don't have to input
those long download codes.
This was confirmed by Xbox Chief Product Officer
Mark Whitman on Twitter.
So yeah, that's kind of neat that you won't have to input
those long download codes.
Hopefully you don't have to scratch off all that crap,
though, because if some of that gets left behind,
then it's going to screw up the QR codes.
So they'll find a way around that, I guess.
A little bit of Final Fantasy news.
Lightning Returns, of course, is coming out early next year
and invoking a little bit of the Final Fantasy VII wank.
I know.
Cloud-based pre-order bonuses,
and I'm not talking about in the cloud.
There's already wank going on.
You can actually dress her up as Cloud,
which is kind of neat.
There's the wank going on about the outfit being
over-sexualized. No, it's not.
It looks exactly like on Cloud. She just has boobs.
And you can pre-order this.
It's a pre-order bonus. That's what this is for.
This is currently listed at Amazon.
Don't know if it's exclusive to Amazon or what yet,
but we'll find out a little closer to February 11th
when the game is set to come out.
By the way, I should state, it wasn't in this particular story,
but there was also news coming out of Final Fantasy XIV
that there's going to be, for the lady characters,
you will be able to dress your character similar to Lightning,
and guy characters can dress their character similar to Snow,
which I think is kind of interesting.
And a lot of people are like,
But are they going to be a hero?
Get your 13 out of my 14.
Are they going to be a hero?
Everybody on the internet sounds like Monique.
Get your 13 out of my 14.
But there's a lot of Final Fantasy throwbacks.
Like, the quest I was stuck on,
I had to kill a Magitek armor, okay?
Get your six out of my 14.
No, actually, you can stay.
Anyhow, also, speaking of Final Fantasy VII,
Final Fantasy VII, I'm sure a lot of you heard,
now available on Steam for $11.99.
Now, this game's been out, you know, forever,
but now it works on Windows 7.
Actually, they released the version that works on Windows 7 last year,
but it's through Steam,
and because it's with Steam, it has cloud saves,
and Steam achievements.
I'm tempted. I'm sorely tempted.
Character booster.
Well, you need to create a new save file,
where you know who dies.
I know!
It's like you can't carry your PlayStation 1 file over,
so you need something to kill her again.
I can't carry over my last PC save either, huh?
I know. I don't know if that'll work.
If Dark Sakura's able to get Julian and Dina to get married,
or, excuse me, to celebrate their pride in Animal Crossing,
maybe she can convince Microsoft to loan a Halo Warthog
decorated in rainbow colors,
because this was featured in the Seattle Pride Parade on Sunday, June 30th.
The Halo vehicle, of course,
Microsoft's up there in the Seattle area.
A decorated Warthog in rainbow colors,
escorted by a Spartan soldier and supporters of LGBT equality
were there at the Pride Parade in Seattle.
Pretty cool.
I like to see game companies get involved in that.
I know EA usually does the one here in San Francisco,
so very, very cool.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
I have some stuff.
Well, Natural Selection 2 is going to add female marines,
and the thing that really makes me happy about this
is that they're actually in a legit uniform.
I mean, they're not made to have boob-shaped armor or anything like that.
Basically, they had to take the time to do research, concept art,
doing the textures and models, animation,
and then making sure that the game would sell
before they could actually incorporate the female marine.
So they have that coming out,
and let me see if I've got a date on it.
It just says in late summer.
In other news, Battlefield 3 Free is going to be free on PlayStation Plus this week.
Go get it.
Other free games include Jet Set Radio, Metal Slug XX,
Docoro, and Oddworld Munches Odyssey HD.
Sadly, I actually checked to see.
I don't know if they stagger when they upload those different games,
but I only saw Battlefield 3.
I wanted Jet Set Radio.
Jet Set Radio.
I'll have to check it again.
But I did manage to grab Battlefield 3.
I recommend anybody that has PlayStation Plus
that listens to the show to go grab it as well
because I think it would be fun for a game night or something like that
because I have no idea what I'm doing with Battlefield 3.
Plus, it makes it even more fun that you can fly jets.
You want to kick everyone's ass, right?
I just want to fly a jet and the people and do all sorts of crazy shit.
I think that would be fun.
Is that your goal in life? To fly a jet and do a person?
No.
So, other news.
There is a Mega Man board game.
Well, there is going to be, let's see,
it looks like they're trying to tie it in with 25th Anniversary,
but it will let you be Mega Man on the board field
and beat Dr. Wily the usual way, except with rolling dice, I guess.
There's also going to be other memorabilia coming out
including a Mega Man statue and 3DS case covers.
But no game, so whatever.
Well, a board game.
A board game?
Hey, don't diss board games.
I like board games.
Me too.
I played a really fun one and I can't remember the name of it,
although it was more of a card game.
It was fun. Everybody got dealt an identity.
It was kind of like Mafia or Wolf Game or one of those types of things
where everybody got dealt an identity.
Somebody in chat is going to know this.
Degenerate Johnny or somebody who knows their card games are going to know this.
You get dealt these cards and three people would be the spies
and everybody else is the good guys.
And you go on missions, but if the spies go on missions,
they can flunk the missions.
And if too many missions get flunked, then the spies win.
If missions pass, then the good guys win.
And then you also have these cards that can reveal people's identities.
Well, it gets in this really good...
You start arguing with all your friends about who's a spy and who's not a spy.
You know, a la Mafia.
I think it was called The Resistance.
I want to say that was the name of it.
Might have been the name of it.
That made me just think of that old werewolf game
that people used to play on DDR4.
Oh yeah, that's a thing that happens at conventions and stuff.
That's all based off of LARP, basically.
Which, you know, OL LARP.
Big, big, positive reception to the OL LARP idea.
Just saying.
You know what? I do kind of want to do OL LARP.
I definitely want to do OL LARP.
But I have to play myself.
Maybe in our nod to DDR Freak, we could start with the wolf game.
That would be cool.
You know, it's going to sound a little bit sad,
but I do miss my LARP days.
Where I would wear this...
And keep in mind, it was vampire LARP.
So it was even more sad.
Black Wolf in Chat says,
Used to play. Werewolf is all I do at Dragon Con.
I can't fucking wait for Dragon Con
and actually play some authentic LARPing.
I'm so excited.
In Mobile, where I'm from,
the big convention there is Mobicon.
And it's gotten a lot bigger, too.
It was Gold Dragon's thing,
and Gold Dragon's since gone out of business,
but Mobicon has stayed a fixture.
And it was my first actual LARP experience,
was playing a vampire there.
And now I think that they're doing a couple of other ones.
And actually, when I went to...
What's the convention?
Coast Con, I think it was, in Biloxi.
They did a live action anime game.
They just decided to make one up.
And keep in mind, this is like in 1996.
So if anyone wants to keep in mind what was out then.
I did Dragon Ball Z stuff.
I think this is it.
Fifth Dream linked me to something that's on Geek and Sundry,
where it has a bunch of the nerd celebs,
like Wil Wheaton and Felicia Day,
are all playing The Resistance.
And it's like this big reality show set up here.
So I think this is the game. Yeah, yeah.
This is fun.
This is a lot of fun.
This would be a good game for OLARP,
even though it's not really LARPing.
I think people would enjoy watching us yell at each other
and playing this game.
It was a lot of fun.
Yes.
Oh yeah, this is definitely it,
now that I can see the board here.
Very cool.
Alright, anyway.
Sorry for the sidetrack,
but since we're talking about board games.
Let's go to the FUBU Question of the Week.
Take Facebook and Google+, slam them together,
and you get FUBU.
And this week, it's about board games.
Since we didn't just talk about this story anyhow,
about Mega Man being a board game,
we decided to ask our listeners,
what video game do you think would make a fun board game?
Or, if you rather, what board game that isn't already one
would make a fun video game?
That one's hard, because I find a lot of people
don't know what video games have been turned into board games.
So, you know, if you named one that happens to already be out there,
oh well, you know, they need to promote it better.
But like, you know, I know Civilization is a board game,
there's gonna be the Mass Effect Risk game.
I won, I won, I won, I won, I won.
And there's certainly a lot of board games that are video games.
But maybe some of our listeners picked up on stuff
that fell through the cracks.
And that's what we're trying to find out
in our FUGL Question of the Week this week.
We'll start on Google+.
JB Mon says,
I definitely think that a board game can be made out of Metal Gear Solid
as some sort of tactical game, maybe Mass Effect as well.
Also, although this is a card game,
I definitely think Cards Against Humanity
would make a fun Xbox Live arcade game.
They do have Apples to Apples,
which does have the Helen Keller card,
which kind of led to Cards Against Humanity, just saying.
Robert Gauss on Google+, says,
XCOM would be a good one, being turn-based already.
Animal Crossing also,
but it would be a resource gathering trading game like Catan.
Dr. Noir says,
I've already, I've actually enjoyed the Dragon Age table chop RPGs
and am very much amazed no one has put out a clean pen and paper RPG
based on any Final Fantasy franchise.
Also, the D&D crossover, computer to tabletop and vice versa games
are really enjoyable.
Thank you to the folks over on Google+.
Let's check out Facebook and some of the answers we have here on Facebook.
Ooh, we have a lot.
Jeremy Jay from Koopa Club says,
Metroid!
Also, I think The Legend of Zelda would lend itself well to the format.
I've never played the Milton Bradley game,
but I don't think they've done one since then.
Clerical Error 404 says,
Castlevania could potentially make an entertaining board game,
especially the entries that are primarily about exploration and backtracking.
It's kind of interesting, Metroid and Castlevania,
and I think of Metroidvania games.
If I may make a suggestion, by the way,
keep in mind that for some of these things,
there are games out overseas.
In fact, there's even RPGs in Japan
that have spawned anime and various video games.
For example, Lodoss War.
It started off as a tabletop game.
Clerical Error also follows up,
saying, I would really like to see a video game version
or a completely new take on Arkham Asylum.
Now, Stan H. followed up later,
saying there already is one, a board game.
But, you know, it's kind of hard to keep track
of a lot of the board games that are out there.
So, you know, I didn't know until Stan said that either
that there was an Arkham Asylum board game.
But thanks to the boys from Koopa Club
for jumping in there first on that question. I appreciate it.
Moving on, Katsuhiko J. says,
Katamari Damacy would make a fun board game.
Roll up all the pieces and weigh the ball to win.
Although keeping all the pieces would be a nightmare.
That's actually kind of like silly awesome.
Think about what you could do with Velcro.
Like rolling over other Velcro things.
You remember the actual Katamari that they had at E3?
Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm just thinking of just a big ball made of Velcro
and you could roll over Velcro chips
that would keep, like, you could add to the Velcro.
But then taking that thing apart would be a bitch.
Yeah. But it would be fun.
You did see the thing about the people that made the full-size ball
as a controller for Katamari Damacy.
So that, like, little kids could push it around and play the game.
Rob, I've got an easy solution for you.
Alright.
And it makes cleanup even easier.
Remote-controlled electromagnet.
Magnets? Yes.
Because then there you go.
Magnets? How do they work?
When you're done, you just click the button to turn the magnet off
and, boop, everything comes free.
I'm sure that'll be cheap.
And get your credit cards far away from that.
It's like wire wrapped around metal. Come on.
Actually, it would not be at all expensive.
And keep in mind that if you have all your pieces as metal,
magnetic current will carry through metal.
Alright. Let's see.
Clover Nikon says,
Well, Bioshock Infinite is a board game already,
so it'd have to be Grand Theft Auto.
That's a good idea for a board game.
You got hot coffee. Lose a turn.
Stan H says,
The Last of Us would make a good board game similar to Last Night on Earth,
a board game where one player takes control of the infected
and all other players control one of the survivors
while looking around for weapons and tools.
I always mispronounce this name. I apologize.
Ciao says,
A Mario board game might be interesting.
Gamer Girl says,
Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep.
I think they should totally make a board game based on the DLC content of that game
at Borderlands 2, of course.
It's so fun and just reminds me of the old pen and paper board games.
Degenerajani says,
My first choice would be Mass Effect, but we all know that Mass Effect Risk,
ahem, Galaxy at War, will be released this fall.
Therefore, I would go with a board game version of Deus Ex.
With that being said, I cannot think of any better company
to create the Deus Ex board game than Fantasy Flight.
Fantasy Flight has specialized in making board games
based on video game titles such as Gears of War, Age of Conan,
and pay attention, Robin Bobby, Civilization.
Yes, I'm aware of the Civilization board game, believe it or not.
Expensive as hell and about 11 billion pieces
and nobody to play it with me.
Andy R says,
How about a real-life triple triad? That would be cool.
Hey, I'm all for the Final Fantasy card games becoming like real card games.
As far as board games to video games,
I'd love to see more board games get a video game adaptation,
as in just the board game but able to play over the internet.
All my college friends live in different cities now
and I'd love to be able to play with them over the internet with voice chat or such.
I'd really be interested to see what a video game company
can make out of Galaxy truckers, though.
I'm sure to be hard as balls.
Ragenator says, I want to say that Half-Life 3 would make a good board game,
assuming that the board game ever gets released.
Of course, Duke Nukem Forever, the board game will take forever to be released
due to development hell.
Oh, you.
Steve Chiller says, Super Mario RPG.
William Murderface says, Disgaea might make an interesting game.
It could be sort of like Munchkin,
but the combat would work a bit differently
and the leveling system would be more detailed.
Also, C-Man might make an interesting game.
Maybe make it like Cards Against Humanity.
I'll friend your butt.
It's a reference to an old YouTube joke on the show.
Tyler M says, There needs to be a Munchkin, Xbox Live,
or PlayStation Network adaptation.
Shane, our good friend Shane Olinko from Horde House says,
Clearly, the correct answer is anticipation.
It needs to have the limp ice cream cone and floppy horn.
Good answer. Good answer.
A real answer would be Pokemon.
I don't think it would work so much
as I'd really just want to see if they packaged in 649 pieces
for every Pokemon in the series, excluding form changes.
It's a card game already.
Chiggers, last but not least, says, Final Fantasy Tactics,
a combo board and card game.
For the record, you know there is a Mario monopoly, right?
That's right.
There's a Pokemon one, too. There's an everything monopoly.
Mario monopoly is just a monopoly.
For the record, Rob, I've decided to do something,
and I've given myself this idea.
You know how you can make custom cards for Cards Against Humanity?
I'm going to do the OLR theme.
With the print template and everything.
That'll be fun.
I should do that.
That'll be a lot of fun.
$50! No, I'm kidding.
Alright, that does it for the FOOGLE Question of the Week.
Friend us on Facebook at facebook.com slash OrangeLawnsRadio
or add us on Google Plus.
Just search OrangeLawnsRadio on Google and we come right up.
And there you go. You can answer next week.
Meanwhile, more news. Loki.
Yes, let's get into news.
So, the Xbox One.
They've got this reputation system that's going to be on the new system,
and it's not entirely a new concept.
Basically, what they're going to be doing is
they're going to be matching people with low reputation
with other people of similar reputation.
They have a similar system that was in Max Payne 3
where it's kind of if people get caught cheating,
they get put in a cheater's pool
where all they encounter are people that hack the game
and, you know, are cheaters.
So, similar sense to that.
Although, I don't know if it's going to work exactly the same
on the reputation system because
your rating goes back up if you get...
if no one really reports you.
Like, if they don't report you much.
So, what's going to happen is you're going to have this yo-yo process
where you get a low rep,
and then you get put in the low rep pool,
and then all the people with low rep aren't probably going to report each other,
so your rep's going to go back up,
and then you go back in their pool, and so on and so forth.
But, hey, I guess it's better than nothing.
Here's my thing, though, is that
I thought this already was supposed to be there to some extent
in the current Xbox.
I thought you were supposed to get massive assholes.
They do have a reputation system in Xbox,
so you can block people and stuff that you don't want to play with
that are cheaters and stuff.
But then again, I also have
an 80% rating for unsportsmanlike conduct,
but that's just because I kick the crap out of them.
It's not because I talk trash, because I don't have a headset.
It's just because I kick the crap out of them.
Mercifully.
Mercilessly, I guess.
They...
So you get false reports all the time.
I mean, my star rating's still high,
but it's just...
Yeah, you gotta be careful.
You get, especially if you're playing a lot,
you get a lot of false ratings.
Somebody who uses this system a lot
should have their vote weighed less
than somebody who uses it sparingly,
because you know they mean it when they use it sparingly, you know?
But somebody who kind of overuses it?
I guess.
There's gotta be, there's a fine system to it.
I don't know what the answer is.
I don't know.
It would be, or like if they're like,
you know, rating you for like,
I don't know, language or something like that.
You don't have a headset connected or something.
You know, maybe flag something going,
hey, wait a second, how did they say anything to you
without any sort of communication tool?
I don't know.
Whatever.
I mean, I guess it's not a big deal
unless, you know, a bunch of people gang up on something,
but it's the same flaw in any system, I guess.
Well, remember the Wii Vitality Sensor?
This was something that was shown at E3 a few years ago,
and you know, Nintendo kind of made a big hoop to do about it.
And it kind of disappeared.
And that was a really poor showing.
That whole year in general for Nintendo was not good news.
And this thing kind of disappeared.
Well, news coming out this week
about why the Wii Vitality Sensor disappeared.
And this was in a conversation
that Satoru Iwata had with investors.
Basically what it comes down to is that
after doing a large test of the prototype,
the peripheral apparently only worked on certain people.
The success rate was 9 out of 10 people could use it.
So, quote, we've pushed forward its development
on the academic assumption that by observing the wave patterns
of the human pulse, we could quantify
how tense or relaxed a person is.
Or to be more specific, how much the sympathetic
and parasympathetic nerves work as functions
of the autonomic nerve.
The Wii Vitality Sensor is an interesting device,
and we did various experiments to see what is possible
when it's combined with a video game.
But as a result, we have not been able to launch it
as a commercial product because we could not get it to work
as we expected, and it was of narrower application
than we originally thought.
We would like to launch it into the market
if technology advancements enable 999 out of 1,000 people
to use it without any problems,
not only 90 out of 100 people.
So it makes me wonder, though, that if,
you know, this doesn't work as well.
I wonder if, you know, the new Kinect
is actually gonna work as well as they said.
That's what I was thinking, because I thought the Kinect
was supposed to have something like this in there.
Um, you know, I don't know, because...
Well, it's not like a monitor, but it's supposed to kind of see that.
It's supposed to, like, see the pulse of your skin, I guess, but...
Mmm. Come on.
And really, we know why this isn't working.
Merka, your fingers are too fucking fat.
Can't get your stump in there.
Uh, I'm not exactly sure what exciting games
could have come of it anyway, except I could...
Zero. Zero games would have been exciting with that.
I could give myself an EKG at home.
That's what it sounds like the Wii Vitality Sensor would be good for.
What's next, the Wii Blood Pressure Monitor?
Like, just, I don't know, it was...
Wasn't feeling it, and I don't think many of us were.
This is kind of one of those, you know, sometimes...
You know what would get my vitality up?
Huh?
If they re-released the Rez Trance?
No.
You know what would get my vitality up?
Sex.
Pinkberry.
Oh yeah, and Pinkberry.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us next?
I was actually trying to ask IkumaJP,
what is the nasty tea you happen to have?
But let's go to other news, speaking of nasty things.
Violent games.
Well, there's a study that came out that says
they do not adversely affect pro-social behavior,
meaning that they don't take regular, everyday social people
and suddenly make them anti-social.
This was a research that was conducted by
University of Queensland, Australia,
that concluded that playing violent video games
really doesn't have an adverse effect on people,
and I guess...
I wouldn't say neurotypical mental states,
but you know, basically, they're not gonna make
an extroverted person suddenly introverted,
and they're not gonna make an introverted person
suddenly want to go on a murderous rampage.
But they may make some lazy people not want to bathe
if they're playing for a long time.
How do you know this?
I'm just saying.
Anyway, the way that it goes is that each participant
played one of four video games for 20 minutes,
and at the end of the test, they had to drop some pens
to see how many would pick them up.
So no matter how many games they got these people to play,
about 40 to 60% of them helped pick the pens back up
at the end of the study.
And then they found that participants were more likely
to help when pens were dropped halfway through the experiment.
So they basically said that it doesn't really affect
your willingness to help other people.
It doesn't affect your ability to interact with other people.
Pretty much, I think, it's like we've been saying all along,
that has to already be there to have the adverse effect.
And this was, you can find out from going to PLOS One.
I think that you can find the study if you search for it online.
And I found this information out actually through Game Politics,
so there's links following through that website as well.
All right.
Let's see here.
Let's talk a little bit about advertisements.
And one of the big criticisms that Microsoft gets with the Xbox 360 is,
hey, you know what? I pay for Xbox Live Gold.
Why the fuck do I have advertisements on my console?
Why do I see this when I'm paying for my online already?
Well, it's not going to get any better.
In fact, they are working on integrating Kinect functionality with ads.
Hooray!
That's right.
And one of the examples that they have in this wonderful picture here is for Ben Gay.
That's right.
You can use the Ben Gay campaign, or they had a campaign, I guess, that ran on 360.
And they're saying that new ads, I guess, will support the Kinect somehow.
Voice recognition, I guess, maybe.
I'm wondering if they're going to have some sort of,
because I know some of these videos I've seen before will have a way,
instead of just hitting a button to skip it,
it's like, type this word to skip this.
Or they may say this phrase to skip this thing.
And then sometimes it's like the commercial slogan.
I saw that on a cap show the other day where it was like you had to type the little slogan
of the company that was advertising, that was the cap show, was to type the slogan.
That's so stupid.
It's less irritating.
It's clever as hell, actually.
It's basically just to say that you saw the ad and that you saw it instead of just ignoring it.
So, I don't know, I'm not too excited about that,
but obviously they're going to try to support the peripherals that are on there for that stuff.
And I think they did some of that stuff with the Xbox 360.
Hell, they've crafted whole games based on advertisement.
Yars.
And Doritos, I guess they have the Doritos stuff.
Yeah, the dash of destruction or whatever.
But yeah, but one of those is good.
Princess Irene's favorite game.
One of those is good, one of them's not, so yeah.
Alright, well, speaking of things that are good and not so good,
depending on what side of the fence you're on,
the controversial SimCity.
I did want to add this quote at the very end there.
It says, while advertising was more of an afterthought on the 360,
the Xbox One is going to have advertising in mind.
Advertising in mind.
Not consumers in mind, advertising in mind.
So the Xbox One is anti-consumer.
Yes.
Which is why Bobby Blackwolf pre-ordered one.
So a lot of the limitations that we have now,
hopefully the release of the boundaries will be widened
so the opportunities will be elaborated, whatever the fuck that means.
I don't know, but yeah.
Alright, anyhow.
SimCity, which one might argue is also anti-consumer,
at least a lot of people really felt that way.
SimCity, you know, they said this game was not designed
to be played as a single-player experience,
not designed to be offline.
This is a, it's a, what did they talk about,
the new experience, it's part of the experience,
it's what people want with SimCity.
Well, now take this with a grain of salt
because it comes from a Reddit post of a customer survey
that was being sent to SimCity players,
but EA is thinking about an offline mode for the game.
The survey lists several features, including a classic mode,
which would allow you to, quote,
in offline or online mode play a single,
fully functioning city using cheats and unlocks
that allow you to create your perfect city.
So in other words, the game that most of us believe is actually SimCity.
The poll also talks about expansions, DLC,
something that would add super scrapers into the game,
clean energy cities, green economies, and so forth.
You can get screen caps of the survey on Imgur,
which were posted via Reddit.
Again, I'm just saying this kind of stuff that doesn't,
isn't really sourced except through screen caps, you know,
you have to take with a grain of salt.
But I think some of us certainly saw this coming
where SimCity might kind of back end an offline mode into it,
but charge for it.
I mean, let's just, it could be fake, it could be real,
but we know for a fact that you can play it offline
because people have hacked it to be able to play it offline.
So a lot of the computations that they're offloading onto a server
is just ridiculous.
I mean, your computer can handle that stuff.
It's just, they still want an excuse to tie it to you.
So just keep that in mind when you have these next gen games,
and I'm not saying it's just an Xbox One thing,
it's going to be PlayStation 4 as well,
that require cloud computing for this shit to work
because it probably could handle it on the system,
but for whatever reason,
they wanted that extra layer of connectivity or DRM.
What happens when the servers go down?
Because they will go down.
Oh, you get delisted from Steam like Darkspore.
SSG100Matt in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
Did they ask any questions about SimCity Action News?
No, but I wish they would.
That feature would be like Instabuy.
If they could get that back in SimCity,
the full motion video clips from the classic CD-ROM game,
I'd be there in a heartbeat.
SSG100Matt asked the hard-hitting questions here at OLR.
I appreciate that.
All right, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you ask some hard-hitting questions in our mailbag.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Darkspore will dive in the mailbag head first
and read an email or two that she deems worthy.
Only got two.
Or you only get two emails the entire week
and so it makes your job easy.
Yes, it does.
I'll read the first one.
Greetings, OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Loki, I'm thinking about getting a 3DS soon,
but the only thing holding me back
is the lack of an R4 card that hasn't been patched out.
The biggest thing I used my DS Lite for
was homebrew and multimedia.
So what do you think,
someone will create a perma-hack for the 3DS
and allow me to play my homebrew games?
I don't know.
It's a little harder now that they can patch the system.
You know, with the DS,
they couldn't really patch it too easily at all, I think.
So yeah, it's gonna be a lot harder.
It's always gonna get harder with each generation.
You said harder.
No, I don't think they're gonna have
any sort of permanent solution.
Keep the DS you've got for that stuff, if you can.
All right, next part and a comment for Rob.
Yay.
It finally happened.
Super Metroid for SNES has been bumped
to my second favorite game of all time.
What?
Stop reading this email.
I don't want to hear the rest.
It's not official yet,
but I think that Far Cry 3 might have replaced it.
I thought about breaking down
and paying full price on Steam 50 bucks for the game
when I remembered Loki saying that
Amazon usually has better sales on certain games.
He was right.
$20 for a hard copy and I am in business.
Usually in sandbox games,
I get a little bored with all the side missions,
but the island is so beautiful and immersive
and I've been doing everything there is to do.
I haven't even tried the multiplayer yet.
So if you have a good graphics card, $20,
I highly recommend it.
And please ask chat to comment
if they like the multiplayer or not.
Thanks, your loyal turtle in Philly, Serious Turtles.
You don't even need a really good graphics card
for that game for some reason.
Like I have Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon
and it runs fine on my laptop.
So much wrong with this email.
First you say Super Metroid gets bumped to number two.
Then you use the phrase Loki was right.
There's so much wrong with this email.
I don't even know where to begin.
Hey, I agree Super Metroid is a better game
than Far Cry 3.
Alright, you're a smart man, Loki.
That's why we keep you around.
But no, in all seriousness,
I haven't played Far Cry 3.
I can't hate on it.
Loki sure seems to enjoy it.
I got bored of it pretty fast, actually.
Oh, I thought you really liked it.
Blood Dragon was cool,
but Blood Dragon was even kind of...
It's just...
It's very...
You know, they have an open world,
but it's kind of like,
okay, takeover outpost.
Okay, hunt some animals.
Okay, you know, kill this dude.
I don't know.
It just got really boring for me,
and I never finished it,
so I probably should.
Although they have a really cool multiplayer mode.
Like, see, Far Cry was kind of cool
on the consoles and PCs.
You can make your own maps.
But in 3, they got rid of the multiplayer
where you can make your own maps.
They have just like this single player,
like sandbox thing that you can make some shit.
So, I don't know.
Well, and here's the other thing,
is that, you know,
it's looking very likely
we might have a Steam sale next week.
You know, it's about that time of year.
It should have started already,
but it might be next Thursday.
It doesn't show up by next Thursday.
I thought they announced the date.
I think it's next weekend.
Yeah.
So, there'll be that.
And, you know, I know you said
the good deals come from Amazon,
but at this point,
Far Cry 3 on a Steam summer sale,
if they put trading cards in it,
it's over.
They have like some really good bundles.
You know, it's just like they had one.
It was for 40 bucks.
You get Bioshock Infinite,
Bioshock 2, and Bioshock 1.
I already have one and two
from previous Amazon sales,
so I didn't get that,
but, you know, that was a pretty good deal.
And they've got some other games,
but the problem is like,
like I'm pretty limited now
with what I'm buying on PC,
because I have a ton of shit
that I just don't play.
So, you know, unless it's like,
I don't even really know
what else I really need.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff I have.
It's just, I don't know,
Saints Row 4?
I mean, you know,
I'll get that eventually,
but I don't really know what else I need.
Like I have all of,
I mean, Far Cry,
or not Far Cry yet.
I mean, I have Far Cry 3.
I don't have Far Cry 3 on PC yet,
but like Fallout, maybe Fallout.
I don't have the Fallout games yet,
but I don't know if I'd have time to play that.
I mean, I'm assuming it's gonna be
hundreds of hours just like Skyrim and shit,
so I don't have time for that.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
All right, next email.
Hey everyone.
I just wanted to make this quick,
short, and sweet.
Last week's episode of OLR reminded me
of how much we are more of a family
than anything else.
You three were there for that listener
as he was dealing with the loss of his wife.
You three were also there for me
when I had to deal with my passing of my mother
along with everyone else
that has been a long time listener.
I'm inclined to say that Orange Lounge Radio
is that chill big brother slash sister
that we can come to for advice on dealing with anything
and will not pass judgment on us,
except me because I judge everybody.
Kidding.
And speaking of passing judgment,
two weeks ago with that unprofessional email
that came in, as you recall,
the entire chat room banded together
and we were ready to lynch someone for it
because we are family.
We look out for each other.
Tell you what, though, I am ever grateful for Rob
who helped me set up for my show
right after my ex dumping me 15 minutes prior.
And that's why I keep listening, supporting,
and telling others to check out OLR.
Much love, Ron Chan.
I had no idea about that until after the fact, though.
But I still would have helped you all the same.
Thank you.
And big hearts to Ron Chan because my Ron Chan.
And there's P.S.
Hey, Rob, what's the new OLR hashtag, wink?
OLR love fest is the new hashtag, OLR love fest.
Not gonna lie to you guys,
that was a very difficult call at the end of last week's show.
Probably one of the toughest, if not the toughest,
I've taken in the, what, 11, 12 years we've been here.
But he needed a friend
and I was so happy to see that there's like 70 of them
in the chat room and countless more on the podcast feed.
So, yeah, that really is what it's all about.
And you guys, you know, it's not just us for you guys.
We've shared some pretty personal stories
over the past few years of this show as well.
We've had, you know, not every day of Sunshine and Roses
at Studio OLR.
But we get through it.
Here we are.
Yep.
All these years later.
Still going.
And just think, I get to pay 400,000 real bells for a house.
No, I'm kidding.
No, not that much actually.
PPS, two tacos for Uchan.
Heart.
I want a taco.
I want tacos too.
Did I tell you, I told you Rob,
the real estate lady who took us around to all these houses
and got us this good deal on this house, bought us pizza.
Cause she wanted to sell you that house.
She was a nice lady.
She was legit nice.
She knew the way to get your attention.
And she brought us drinks.
P-I-Z-Z-A.
But champagne would have definitely sold more houses.
I'm just saying.
All right.
I'm going to have a mimosa party if we get this house by the way.
Bottomless mimosas?
Heck yeah.
I'm there.
Bring us champagne.
All right.
After the hashtag OLR love fest is a very appropriate time
to bring us back down to earth with some FUs of the week.
F-U to this damn cough that will not go the fuck away.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
I like that.
And my toes are hurting.
And um, yeah.
And girl problems.
Loki.
Fuck you, the long weekend is gone.
Amen to that.
Fuck you to the heat.
Fuck you to Grandpa for living in San Francisco where the weather
was beautiful the whole time we stayed.
We went over there for a concert on Wednesday.
And um, Frank music.
He puts on a great show by the way.
He's a very talented young man.
Um, we stayed over at his place and the weather was just great.
Back here it's hotter than balls.
So F you to the heat.
Other locals say?
Hmm.
Thank God the heat wave is over.
Because what hasn't it been nice the last couple of nights?
Yeah, it's much better.
Yeah, this week's OLR much more tolerable than last week.
I don't think Slidekick will ever come back.
It was so hot here.
Now you just brought the heat with him?
That's right.
Girl, you need to leave that heat at home.
Because he's just a hot mess.
I hope he's listening.
Gameboy.org.
Yes, artichokes are good on pizza.
Shut up.
Artichoke hearts.
Alright, let us move on with a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then Twitter topics and the Skype line.
But first, Loki.
Alright, so Sony during their press conference actually,
and during E3, they were showing off this kind of augmented reality tech demo
to show off the PlayStation 4 and the new iCamera.
Well, what's kind of cool, this tech demo called Playroom
is actually going to be included with the PlayStation 4 system.
And the only weird thing though is that the iCamera is not included with the system.
So I don't really know how you're going to deal with augmented reality stuff.
I guess it's an excuse to buy the camera.
I personally, if it were me, I would just throw that tech demo in with the camera
and not necessarily the system so that, you know, you have something with the camera
that you play games with.
I don't know.
Maybe some of the demos in there don't necessarily use the camera.
I don't know.
It looks neat though. It kind of makes me want to get a camera too.
That's enough to sell you on the whole?
That looks neat. I mean, I don't know.
I don't know. I need to see more games that really make good use of it.
Although, the move is kind of underrated.
As far as the motion stuff goes, the move works very well.
Have you used the move?
Yeah, I have.
All the way back at E3 once even.
Toy Story was one of the first games I played.
I think the first game I played on the move.
And somebody else I knew had one.
One more news story for you guys.
It's about Nintendo on the losing end of a lawsuit.
They actually filed a domain dispute with the World Intellectual Property Organization
over the WiiU.com domain name.
Now Nintendo does own Wii-U.com and Wii-U.net.
But an unknown, or at least they're unnamed, registrant snapped up WiiU.com in 2004.
Long before even the first Wii.
Nintendo filed a cyber squatting camp complaint.
The WIPO denied that complaint.
Nintendo will have to contact WiiU.com's owner directly to negotiate a purchase.
Microsoft, by the way, in a similar domain dispute with Xbox One.com and Xbox One.net's domains.
So, it gets harder to get these domains.
The people just snap up and they sit on them.
So, Nintendo tried with the cyber squatting.
I'd like to hear more about why it was denied.
I mean, what's on that site?
What was denied?
Well, WiiU stood for, was like, we invest in you, is what it was.
And it was, it's from a long time ago that the guy registered the site.
Yeah, but now it's just a bunch of, it's ads.
I'm looking at the site now.
This is totally, this is like a squat ad thing.
I don't get, like, why is this here?
Well, they tried, I understand that, but it's still his site.
And the thing was, they were trying to take it, saying basically that he's just squatting on the name and stuff like that.
But it's legitimately, he registered it a long time ago, it wasn't to try to make a quick buck and stuff.
But, so now they can't necessarily get it just by saying, oh well, it should be turned over to us because it's infringing on our copyrights or anything like that.
Now they have to basically go the second route, which is offer big sum of cash to buy it.
Yeah, but this, I get what you're saying, but this shit's shady.
He's not using it now for that purpose.
So give it up, because this is profiting off of Nintendo's.
Nintendo has built the name recognition.
This guy, with this page here, this is profiting off it.
If I went to WiiU.com and saw, you know, Wii financial investment, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, and this guy's thing, you know, things not tied to video games,
I'd be like, okay, you know, sucks for Nintendo, but this guy, this guy had it first, you know?
And it's just like, it's just like, you know, OLR.
We probably don't own OLR.com.
I don't know, who does own OLR.com?
What is there if I go there?
Remember when we had the sacramentals back in the day as our DDR group?
Okay, OLR.com belongs to this online residential and it's something to do with New York and getting places in New York.
It's hard for me to complain about this.
Somebody's not sitting on this profiting off of, you know, here's every annoying rant Rob's ever made with ads attached to it or something.
Like they're not profiting off of something we did, you know, it just happens to be that OLR is a pretty common acronym that means a few different things.
So this online residential has it. So can't really complain about that, you know?
My point was with the sacramental thing is that when I tried to register it, it belonged to some Catholic group in Sacramento.
Oh, that's right. That's right.
Yeah.
Remember that.
All right.
Also word of warning, Animal Crossing will not let you say fart face or ass face or arse face.
Really?
As anybody's catchphrase.
Oh.
But you can't get biatch, mared, and zoot.
How about bish?
I haven't tried it.
I did get, I got one of my, Brie or one of my characters to say LOL butts.
I have to try that one.
Yeah. LOL butts.
Pretty good.
Surely you saw on Tumblr the person that named their town My Butt.
Yeah.
Hilarious.
This will be the best renovation in my butt.
He lives in my butt.
All right.
We're five.
Okay.
Let's get to the Skype line.
Let's open it up.
One eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you'd like to give us a call and talk about whatever we've talked about tonight or maybe something different.
We are open now for your calls.
We'll get to Twitter topics here in a minute if there's no calls coming in right away.
But first, Loki, I don't know if you have any last minute stories you want to share with listeners.
Just some stuff I saw online.
They've got a villager mod now for Skyrim.
So you can play as the villager from Animal Crossing.
Murder people and that.
That's kind of awesome actually.
In a creepy way.
So I'm going to point it out in chat.
There's going to be a 2D Mega Man game based off of Mega Man Legends 3.
I know they've had quite a few Mega Man Legends based games.
They're a part of that 100,000 for bringing back Mega Man thing.
I don't know.
What else?
I don't know.
It's pretty much it.
I mean, like I said, slow news week.
Very slow.
So not a whole lot to report out there.
It's too bad.
All right.
Again, it's 1877 Game O-L-R.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
Meanwhile, I will move on.
Maybe Skype's having problems though.
Because I know when Bobby tried to call us earlier, we didn't even show up on Skype.
I assure you we are on Skype.
Just call the name.
If it's not working, I guess you could send us a message.
Although please don't make 20 bazillion messages show up on my screen at once.
That really annoys me when people send me messages when I'm trying to do a show.
No offense.
Let's see.
I was going to get to Twitter topics, but I got sidetracked with a personal tweet.
Where am I here?
Rab.
I can't help it if I love Twitter.
Oh, yes.
Oh, God.
Tigerclaw sent us one.
I know this is going to come up on Horde House this week.
Tigerclaw sent us this tweet.
Blizzard exploring microtransactions for World of Warcraft.
He links this to an article on GameSpot, but I can summarize this.
They datamined an item in the latest patch of Warcraft that increases your experience gain by 300% for a short amount of time.
And it says, from the Blizzard net cash shop.
But here's the thing.
It came out, I think just today or yesterday, it's for Asia.
Asia is the region that this is for.
It's not for America, at least not yet.
But I really hope Blizzard is either going to just say, fuck it, and go free to play, and they're not going to double dip.
Because that is going to piss me off.
Like, if they try to double dip, I'm done with WoW.
They got free to play would be interesting.
They are already walking a fine line, because you can't tell me they don't make some good money off of mounts, server transfers, faction changes, blah-di-blah-di-blah.
Like, they make a heck of a lot of good money off of that stuff, and they're already walking a fine line.
The minute they start putting stuff in that enhances gameplay and gives people an edge, as opposed to cosmetic stuff, I'm kind of over it.
And I know some WoW fans are looking forward to this, but I'm not willing to pay a sub-fee and money for advantage gaining things on top of that.
That's too much.
Choose one model and go for it.
You don't get to do both, especially when your game is aging.
By the way, I did get into the beta test of the new battle.net launcher.
That was pretty cool.
I will say, the new battle.net launcher that has all the games in there, and you can just, like, it actually, I'm going to spoil something that's going to come up on this week's Horde House, but oh well, don't tell.
So we talked about it a little bit on last week's show.
I guess after last week's show, Grandpa side-loaded Starcraft, because you can get the free version of Starcraft right there in the launcher.
He ended up buying it, and the expansion.
He enjoyed the little free version of it so much, he bought the whole thing.
Wow.
So I'm like, wow, battle.net launcher justified, just wait until they add the free-to-play Hearthstone into the mix.
It's going to just download right on your computer.
I'm still not probably going back to WoW, not for a while.
Well, there's a lot of people that aren't playing WoW right now, which is sad.
But we have pretty games, like Final Fantasy XIV, that actually have a balanced system.
And no grinding rep.
I'm enjoying some single-player action right now, so whatever.
No grinding rep.
Alright, let's see what else I have here.
Oh, ActDeaf tweeted us and says, after the Atari talk, I went and found my 2600.
Don't know if it works though.
Actually, that joystick you have, though, looks like my old Commodore 64 joystick.
Also, if I may say, because he messaged me on Twitter, I won't give any more information than this, but Micah is who I spoke with.
Spoke to at Atari Party, who had the Japanese 3DS, and very, very cool.
Very lucky kids, having a cool dad like that.
Spazzernator PSN tweets us, saying, we need VOG Magic 2013 or 2014 game night on Steam.
He's been trying to whore that game left and right. He must really love that game.
What is the next game night? Have you picked something yet, Loki?
Oh God, I keep, I keep, what is that, last, last, or this Friday, it was a little big playing card game.
There was nobody on.
And last week, I mean, honestly, I forgot, but I don't even know.
I don't know what we're going to do for next week, and I don't even know if we're going to continue doing it, because I'm just, I'm...
Participation's not at a level you need to be at.
Well, it's participation, and on top of that, well, it's because Bobby's PS3 broke, so we at least have two, you know.
But no, honestly, it was like, we got home late, and you know, by the time I got Josh in bed, it was like 9 o'clock, and so it's just...
Friday's a rough night, it's tough.
I wouldn't mind if you did VOG game night during Hoard House. If you wanted to do Wednesday, I wouldn't mind that, actually.
We could hop in as soon as we're done.
I do still stream Mass Effect 3 on Thursdays, I just didn't because it was the fourth.
I just, I don't know, it's hard to pick like a game that everybody has, and it's something we can consistently play, so...
I don't know, I'll have to think about it a little bit more.
It's too bad Minecraft wasn't free to play.
I was going to say, we need to do a Minecraft night, I'm kind of surprised.
I have the server access stuff, I just haven't gone around to updating the server and getting what mods we want in there.
But they have horses now, and you can put horse armor on them.
So, hey, horses.
I want guinea pig armor.
I will point out, we have a VOG community in the Steam group, and to be fair, we have an OLR community on Steam too, but I'm saying VOG because I'm trying to grow that one for all the shows.
Because I need people to trade cards with.
So if you want to trade some cards, you want to throw down and trade some cards, get in that VOG community and let's trade some cards.
For what games do you need cards?
I need two more for Super Meat Boy, but I have nothing to trade yet.
Well, I have Faerie Solitaire, like one Faerie Solitaire card I have dupes of that I'm willing to trade at this point.
Because I don't want to trade it if I don't have dupes.
Ask me again when I start getting booster packs.
Alright, I guess I'll just have to start playing.
There you go.
Where's the list for this stuff?
Attaboy, attaboy.
I guess I'll have to start playing because I haven't played Super Meat Boy yet, and I haven't, but I just haven't played it.
Who posted the link earlier in chat? Post that again.
There's actually a sort in the marketplace.
You sort advanced search, games, and then there's a one in the bottom right where it says like Steam achievements.
There's also trading cards.
It'll show you what games use it, but it's in the store.
It doesn't show you what games you own that use it.
But I think if you go to your profile and look at badges, I think any games that you have will show up there with the empty cards.
Like you have Super Meat Boy, right?
Yeah.
So you should see Super Meat Boy with the blank cards there.
So.
Alright.
Alright, I'll tell you some more stuff about that off air that I think you'll enjoy.
So.
Alright.
Nobody's calling in? That's really weird.
I wonder if Skype is screwing up something because...
It's probably Skype.
Yeah, because Bobby was having those problems earlier where he didn't even see us.
I'm gonna call the nice British lady on Skype just to make sure it's working.
Just testing.
Hello, welcome to Skype Core Testing Service.
Alright.
Yeah, we got it.
We got it.
We're good.
Hello.
It is the 4th of July weekend.
Our chat's got 61 people in it right now.
Are any of them trying to call?
Yeah, is anyone trying?
No, nobody's complaining.
Maybe there's just nothing to say tonight.
I don't know.
Where every gamer has a voice, but not tonight.
That's cool.
We can go home early.
That's fine.
I can start playing that Super Meat Boy later in those cards.
There you go.
Alright, fine.
Fine.
If you guys don't want to call in, we will go off and earn our trading cards.
I'll make the grudge noise until someone calls.
Oh, God no.
I'll end the show.
End the show.
Turn it off for Mike.
Oh, look, look, look.
It's finally lighting up.
Somebody's taking pity on this program.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
It is Brad from Bot Culture.
Hey, Brad.
How you doing?
Oh, peachy game.
Oh, and of course, now that you call, like the minute Dark Soccer started making noises.
As soon as Dark Soccer started making noises, my screen is full of calls.
Please stop.
Please stop.
What?
Somebody had to call.
Somebody had to call.
I love your kitty.
Well, good.
You know what?
We don't promote the fine show that is Pod Culture here on the show enough, and you do
so much for our program, and you've done a lot for Horde House that I'm always happy
to sit down and talk with you for a minute about what's going on in Pod Culture.
Well, outside of cat the game this week.
Yeah?
Been playing a lot of the 3DS this week.
Oh, yes.
You got sucked into the animal cracking, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
Dammit.
Congrats.
We've been playing that, and Lego City Undercover.
Oh, how's that?
It's a lot of fun.
It's Grand Theft Auto with Legos.
It's great.
That sounds kind of fun.
All the Lego games are pretty much the same.
I'm surprised Loki is not all over that game if it's Grand Theft Auto.
You could teach Josh on that.
It was going to be a game that was going to sell me the console, but I just looked at
him like, no.
No.
It's a lot of fun.
I don't know if it would be a system seller, but it's one picking it up.
That's a nice little addition then.
What else have you been playing in the gaming?
You doing any consoles these days?
No.
Nope.
That's all right.
I am fun employed at the moment.
That'll do it.
It's been your day when it comes to consoles.
Well, good luck on that front.
We're all hoping for you and Dark Sakura.
We're the gamelessly fun employed.
Well, I am going to let you guys go.
I just wanted to see if I could actually get in.
Hey, before you go, before you hang up and go, tell us a little bit about Pod Culture,
your show that's on Mondays at six o'clock on the network.
Just four geeks sitting around shooting the shit.
Good times.
You guys also do once a month lately, or at least for this year,
you're doing Doctor Who based specials, right?
Yeah.
It's kind of a sideshow for us.
Have another couple of friends that come in,
and we just talk Doctor Who on our Tartar's Interruptus episodes.
We thought for, hey, 2013, it's the 50th anniversary of Doctor Who.
We do a show for every doctor each month, and that's kind of what we've been doing.
All right.
Love it and love your show, and thanks so much for the support
and for calling in when nobody else would, Brad.
Appreciate it.
Later, guys.
Take care, buddy.
You could tell he just wanted to call in because he felt bad.
I appreciate that, Brad.
Black Wolf giving us a little last-minute leg-breaking story in the chat room.
Infinity Blade 2 free in the App Store right now.
If you want to go just tag that on your iPhone or iPad or whatever iDevice you're using.
I like free. It's the best price ever.
Oh, do I still have your mic off? I do.
God, Rob, you suck.
Fired.
That was funny.
That was not funny.
That was totally funny.
That was not funny.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go to the phones and try to take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Agdef.
Hey, Agdef.
What's up?
Well, I don't know if you touched this story today or tonight.
Iwata telling people why he doesn't lay off people.
No, we didn't touch on that, but I read about that.
Please go ahead and share that with the listeners.
Basically, Iwata said to some reporters, I don't remember who exactly,
but they asked him because Nintendo is in the best financial position right now,
that why they don't lay off people.
So he basically says that laying off people would lower the morale of the rest
and would produce not quality games, basically.
And I admire that because even despite the financial problems
Nintendo has right now, not laying off people just because they want to produce quality stuff,
it's pretty good.
I don't know if it's fair to say Nintendo has, quote, financial problems either.
I know that's what a lot of people out on the internet are saying,
but Nintendo's got a shit ton of cash in the bank.
They made a lot of money on the Wii.
The 3DS is still crazy good for them.
Is the Wii U living up to expectations?
No.
But is it an epic loss of biblical proportions?
Not yet.
Let's see where they're at after this holiday.
But I love that Iwata gets that, you know, I could lay people off,
but that's only going to help the short-term numbers, not the long-term numbers.
If I lay people off, where are the people to make games?
Indeed.
I love it.
And especially because I think it was last year that he caught his salary by half of what he was making.
I remember that a lot.
And other people in Nintendo at the higher staff.
That was pretty cool of him and the rest of the Nintendo staff, too,
because despite what happens in Senga or other gaming companies,
it's cool that people at Nintendo, at least in Japan,
we know if the same happens here in America,
that they have at least a secure job there.
They don't have to worry about getting laid off just because they are not making any money, or just because.
Right.
Doomplague in chat says, I think Kazurai laid it off a ton of people last year.
Just saying.
Yeah, I remember some of the publicists, especially in Santa Monica.
There was some pretty big layoffs at Sony.
And of course, Microsoft.
We talked about Game Room earlier in the show and so forth.
Layoffs are inevitable as part of the ebb and flow of the industry,
but it's nice to know that Nintendo is not the first option on the top of their list.
And unfortunately for some executives, that's usually the first thing considered.
Yeah, it's really the executives that should be taking the pay cut,
because they're the ones that are making the decisions that are leading to the bad.
But again, Nintendo did.
So hate on Nintendo all you want, but it's pretty hard to get mad at this.
I just wish other people would follow that example.
Alright, well, Act Deft, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
No, that's all. Basically, good guy eat water.
What's that?
Good guy eat water.
Oh yeah, good on you. A thumbs up for you, Iwata.
Alright, and a thumbs up for you too, Act Deft.
I appreciate the phone call. You take care, buddy.
You too. Thanks.
Bye. And have fun with that Atari 2600.
Hope it works.
I will. I try.
Hope it works. Bye.
I don't know how easy it is to find Atari 2600 games in Mexico, Act Deft,
but if you go to flea markets here in the US, oh, they're all over the place.
I probably have spares I could send you.
You can't find a copy of Combat somewhere?
You saying you can't find a copy of Combat?
Alright, sadly we are going to go ahead and close up the Skype line.
I'm sorry to those that didn't get through, but you know what?
You should have called when you had the chance.
Appreciate it though.
You can always send us an email.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you'd like to send us an email for consideration for next week.
But in the meantime, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap up the show.
Dark Sakura, sorry you couldn't be here for the whole show tonight,
but I'm glad you had fun at Atari Party.
I really rushed it.
We finally actually ended up cutting out six houses so that we could go look at this one
because I'd had my eye on it the whole time, and it turns out to be the one.
Nice. Have a mountain of fun at California Extreme.
I wish you could come.
Get us some more listeners for the show.
I've been spreading the news.
Appreciate it.
And do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I hate my lungs and I want this house.
Good luck.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I don't know.
I learned a lot about the Runswick A2 Pin Setter this week.
And my final thought tonight is trading cards.
Give me all your trading cards.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for checking out the show.
You know what we say. We do the show for free.
We're not asking for your money.
If you enjoy the show, all we ask, help spread the word about the show.
Help spread the word about independent podcasting.
Support folks like us who do this for nothing but the pure love of community
and spreading the word out there and having mature discussions about gaming.
Support the Voice of Geeks Network.
All our friends at vognetwork.com.
But even beyond that, all the great independent hardworking podcasters out there.
And there's an awful lot of them that are, especially in the gaming world,
that are getting to 8, 9, 10 years old that are all doing amazing things out there.
And yeah, support. Don't cut people down.
Support. If you don't like our show, that's fine.
You got this far.
So we appreciate you trying.
Go support a different independent broadcaster who works hard like we do
because there might be another show that's a little more up your alley.
That's the great thing about diversity all over the internet.
You can buy my momentary silence, though, with a copy of Magical Chase.
Just saying for the TurboGrafx. Just saying.
How much does that run?
A few hundred.
Yeah. That's what I thought.
All right. We'll be back to do it all again next week on Orange Lawn Radio.
Dark Soccer will have a report from California Extreme.
If I find a way to sneak over there, I'll have to do it.
And hopefully Dan will join us for that one.
Yeah. He was going to be here tonight.
It was, but he actually got called in to do inventory at work.
And we've been crunching his numbers, actually.
I would have been here slightly a bit earlier if it wasn't that I was checking on what the taxes are on that house.
Gotcha.
Well, I look forward to hopefully having him here next week
because we've had a lot of fun guests lately.
So let's get Dan, who's one of the most funnest.
Well, I married him. There had to be something good about him.
I'm still looking.
All right. That does it, guys. Have a great week.
And we'll see you next time here at Orange Lawn Radio. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
