We're back and we're bringing you news from around the game universe while we bake
in the 2021 heat dome.
Cooking in the oven we have some evergreen stories of cheating, piracy, piracy being
better than the official release and the unsurprising news that a Pokemon game nets billions of
dollars during its existence.
Also there's more Assassin's Creed coming, you get such a clock to news about that in
Call of Duty.
This is the non-exhaustive list of stories we're set to cover tonight and now it's time
for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Logie to provide you with the details
of these and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back after a little break for the holiday last
week once again, live with episode number 875 of our show for tonight, July the 11th
of 2021.
It has been a heck of a week.
We'll talk all about that in just a moment, but first let me say hello.
I am Rob Roberts and I am joined by Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I have decided to be natural today.
Yes.
So that...
I was just saying, you're going the natural makeup free, but you have an upgraded camera
thing going on for those watching on Twitch, because I have to say this every week, we
do tape live every Sunday night at 6 PM Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at twitch.tv slash vog network,
the voice of geeks network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Shout out to Bobby Black Wolf for an excellent job hosting that SGDQ, Summer Games Done Quick
finale last night.
We'll talk more about that in a little bit.
Shout out to the raid we just got as well before we went live tonight.
Thank you for that.
He who is Steve, allegedly, supposedly Steve, if that is Steve's real name.
No, thank you very much for the raid.
Anyway, I was just saying your camera is all nice and fancy.
Well, I was using like this knockoff GoPro looking thing.
You ordered it off Wish.
Just say it.
You ordered it off Wish.
I didn't order it off Wish, I ordered it on AliExpress.
I thought it might be Wish.
Which is only a step up.
But I was doing some research and I was looking at getting a Logitech Brio, lots of money,
right?
And then I thought about it.
It works so good.
Loki, you be quiet till I introduce you.
That's my turn.
So what I ended up doing is I was looking at reviews of cameras and people were actually
showing about using your iPhone as a camera.
And I was like, why I have an iPhone?
Why I have a Mac?
And I can tell you that, first of all, I have two different apps that I'm using and one
of them I use for OBS that has an even higher resolution and even less latency.
The one I have to use for this, and this is just like the free version.
So it's only 720p, but it looks great.
The iPhone camera is miles above any on the market capture device short of using a professional
4K camera with a conversion.
And this is basically the equivalent of doing it.
So I have this rig set up that has my phone on it.
And right now I'm running through camo, which again, all the reviews of using an iPhone
versus a Logitech Brio, this blows the Brio out of the water.
So I've got my apps all set up.
You don't need an IP for the record.
There's an OBS, iPhone for OBS app that does it natively for OBS.
So you don't need to have an IP or an address or anything like that.
You just straight up hook up, install the link plugin and you're set.
The same with camo.
It works the same way.
I am incredibly happy with it and well, I can charge my phone and do stuff at the same
time.
So yeah, I'm quite pleased with it.
Depending on how this goes, I may actually pay for this one.
You know, I'm going to have to re-listen to this and take notes seriously or try to
get some links from you for some of this, because this is really good for the whole
discussion about, you know, anybody can have a Twitch channel or anybody can have a YouTube.
Anybody can do a podcast.
You know, we want to get more voices out there.
We want to get, you know, a lot of diversity and a lot of different people out there.
And a lot of folks think they have to buy this big, fancy technical equipment to get
started.
And it turns out, you can probably just use your phone.
I mean, you might have to pay a small fee for, you know, the converter thing or whatever,
but that's pretty awesome.
Well, and the thing is just to point out something that Tiger Claw is saying is to use like an
IP one.
No, don't use an IP.
Anything that uses an IP.
Use something that's going to use plugins and your USB cable.
You will get far less latency that way.
Oh, good to know.
All right.
Yeah.
And usually a higher image quality.
Before I go to Loki, how did you, did you have a good week off?
I think you were here streaming that night, right?
I don't remember.
The 4th of July we had off here at O.L.R. because the holiday in the States at my normal
time.
Gotcha.
OK.
We went swimming.
OK.
Yeah.
Nice.
Nice.
I spent I spent the day up in the.
So for those of you that remember an old, old show, I used to host here on Vaga called
Horde House.
It was about like Warcraft and other online games.
So or if you ever heard Starboard Power Coupling, that was Captain Matt or Grandpa Matt, depending
what show it was, his show.
And he has a cabin out in the woods literally now.
So he has a cabin out in the woods.
And so he invited us up for the fourth.
And it was great because you know what?
No fireworks because they are all banned up there because that is primo.
You know, unfortunately, forest fire territory.
So fireworks are huge.
No, no.
It was so quiet and so peaceful.
I had a great fourth.
Lovely.
Anyway, high tech master Loki, how are you?
You could get around that band by just saying that you're doing a gender reveal and then
it's OK.
No, that's even worse.
Those stupid parties have even more disaster than anything else.
It's just, oh, my gosh, ridiculous anyway.
How was your holiday?
How was your break?
It was fine.
We just went over to my mom's house because my niece is born on the Fourth of July.
So it was her birthday as well.
So we went over there, just did pizza and lit up some fireworks.
Nice.
Sounds like you had a nice, nice little break.
How's that?
How's the YouTube channel going?
You posted another video in the past few days, right?
I'm not.
Well, I posted one last week, I think.
It's been a struggle because we've been having weird server issue things.
Also, the build I'm doing right now is very big.
And so it's taken a long time to get to the point where I can do a time lapse and actually
build it.
I'm finished with the design stuff right now because I'm finishing what I started with
Tango, kind of the build inspired by that.
It's enormous.
So I've been just kind of working to get there and we just updated the 117.1.
So with that came other things that are breaking.
So I got stuff to work, though, finally, but it's just been a little bit of a struggle.
All right.
Yeah, I did release a video, I think, last week.
I wanted to release one this week.
I will try to get it out as early as I can.
We've had people leave the server as well, and they've gone to other SMP servers, which
looked pretty fun.
But I'm sticking with this one until the end of the season.
So we'll see what happens.
All right.
Sounds good.
So we're going to get into our kickoff topic for tonight.
But first, I thought I'd kind of reintroduce the show since we were off last week.
It's been a little while since I've done a little reintroduction.
And we got that nice little raid here at the top of the show tonight between Bobby's
show going off air and us coming on air.
So hi.
Hi.
That's our intro.
Hi.
We're Orange Lawns Radio, and we have just entered our 20th year of internet broadcasting,
if you can believe it.
We celebrated our 19th birthday, that was our last live episode two weeks ago.
So we've been doing this show for a long time.
We all met as frenzies playing Dance Dance Revolution and other music games at the arcade.
That's how we met.
Which is great.
So to kind of talk a little bit about Summer Games Done Quick a little bit, which our pal
Bobby was involved with, they had a really cute run of some music games that they did.
And they were doing Dance Rush Stardom, which is what they do online.
That's the new one they do, which has no...
It's funny because that's what we used to talk about back in the day was, imagine if
it was just one giant pad and it could reach...
That's literally what Dance Rush Stardom is, but it was really cute because they got the
whole community involved at the end.
And I was like, oh, that is something we would have done back in the day.
It's adorable.
So anyway, that's the whole...
Those music games have been around forever and that's where we were all kind of born
out of.
We did a show on Live 365 for a long time and then time passes and for us, there was
a long break in music games between the last DDR they really did and then the rock band.
So kind of in that interim, we decided we're going to talk about all video games and make
our show about all types of games.
And that's where we've been at ever since.
It's been a very long time.
So we were live on Shoutcast for a long time and we made the switch to Twitch about two
years ago and it's been working great.
We get to meet a lot more people, you get to see our faces for better or for worse.
But remember, we are recording a podcast.
So sometimes our video interactions are a little bit minimal because we have had this
podcast pretty much before iTunes launched podcasting, so a very, very long time.
So we mainly do this for the folks listening on the podcast feed.
But of course, we love the folks that join us live on Sunday nights as well.
You know what, Rob?
Yes.
I'll just say real quick, Orange Wright shared that clip from episode one where we predicted
Dance Rush.
Sorry.
Yes.
Yes, Jamie.
So I was thinking that when I submitted us for a Guinness World Record, I said longest
running internet video game show.
Yeah.
I should have actually said longest running video game show.
Because yeah, I don't know what on TV or traditional radio would be longer.
Well, I mean, really just any sort of video game program.
Yeah.
I can't think of...
You know, non-print.
We've outlasted and gone longer than just about anything that's been on TV.
Oh, Bobby says Electric Playground still exists.
They started in the 90s in Canada and they're still on today.
No big break because I wouldn't count X-Play because there's going to be a big break there
between all that.
But if that's...
Then it is what it is.
When are they coming back?
They keep talking about G-Force coming back, G-Force coming back.
When?
When is that happening?
Because I hear all the hype about it's coming back, but I don't see it coming back.
To be clear, I know they are different shows, I'm aware.
But I'm just saying, I was using X-Play as an example.
They are at a big break and so that wouldn't count.
So anyway.
Yeah, because they did like a thing back in Thanksgiving.
That was like eight months ago.
Where is G-Force?
It's still...
Well, back to the Guinness World Record.
Yes, please.
I'm glad that I submitted it in the category that I did because it is a first.
And I'm feeling very confident that we're going to get it.
That's exciting.
Very, very confident.
That's exciting.
So I don't think we're going to get it because everything goes...
Everything is unfortunately bad for me.
So I'm going to expect we don't get it.
I'm just bringing the whole show down.
Who says I'm doing it for you?
I'm doing it for me.
It's just by association.
Have you ever seen the movie The Cooler?
Yeah, I'm the cooler, but just in the sense of like reality and yeah.
And I'm an apothesis.
So my thought is, eh.
Don't you dare.
I don't need this.
No, it'll be awesome.
It'll be awesome.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's get into it before we get accused of not ever talking about video games.
Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic and talk about a big story that's going around
the gaming world this week.
And that is Nintendo unveiled a new Switch.
Switch Pro!
Wait.
Yawn.
Yawn.
Gotcha.
Okay, so...
Major yawn.
The thing is that I don't want to say I told you so, but we set our expectations, not we,
but you.
I'm saying we to be nice.
Set your expectations a little high.
By we, we mean you.
Yeah, by we, we mean you.
I had no expectations, so they've met none of that.
This is a relationship.
When I say it's not you, it's me.
It's actually you.
The problem is y'all set your expectations too high on social media for that Switch Pro
because Bloomberg and all these other clickbait sites that exist to generate revenue based
off clicks.
I don't want to say they lied.
I actually don't think they lied.
But they hyped up some rumors and whispers and things written on bathroom stalls that
perhaps were not ready for prime time just yet.
So we found out we are getting a new Switch.
So let's talk about what we are getting.
It's an OLED model.
So in a nutshell, it's going to be a different handheld unit.
It will be a seven inch handheld with the OLED screen.
That's going to be the biggest change.
So basically it's going to look more like a PlayStation Vita because I think the Vita
used OLED, if I'm not mistaken.
Right.
That's a gorgeous screen.
Like that's that's the reason to still play again.
Final Fantasy four.
My favorite to play it on is the Vita, the PSP version on the Vita.
That is my favorite way to play that game.
And these new little remakes they're doing.
I know we're not going to be as good.
So anyway, there's also going to be a wired LAN port in the dock, if that's a thing that's
of interest to you.
And oh, a boost in internal storage to 64 gigabytes.
That we're getting there.
That will all be coming out the same day as Metroid Dread.
That's October the 8th.
And it's going to set you back three hundred and fifty dollars for the system.
Now look, if I were to play most of my time in handheld, I'd probably think this is pretty
cool.
I might consider getting one, although since I already have a Switch, I'm not sure I'm
really into it.
But this is going to be great for people who, for whatever reason, still haven't got on
board with the Switch yet.
This is going to be a sweet upgrade for those folks, I think.
But you know, for folks like me who play 95 percent of the time in docked mode, there's
really nothing here.
I mean, one could argue maybe the wired LAN.
You can you can you can get that like as an accessory or whatever.
You can find it separately, too.
Yeah, exactly.
So the biggest surprise in that is that it's not a 4K system and it's not a pro.
It's not a buffed up system.
It's not going to get you more frames on Breath of the Wild or Breath of the Wild 2.
I kind of think, you know, and I said this before a few shows ago, I kind of think what
happened here is that I said this when Nintendo didn't announce anything leading up to E3
and then they came out and said their E3 presentation was specifically they specifically
said software only, no hardware, and then they kind of lied because they had that Zelda
Game and Watch.
But we'll let that one slide.
They very clearly made it known there's not going to be any Switch announcements.
And that was the point where I think I was saying and to be fair, other people, too,
were saying, you know what?
This chip shortage that's going on in the world right now, you you still can't get a
fucking PlayStation five.
Does Nintendo really want to get?
Do you want Nintendo and their hardware folks, which, oh, that can be exhausting sometimes
to try to find Nintendo hardware, right?
Do you want Nintendo to try to release a Switch Pro right now?
Because to be honest, with the chip shortages still going around and stuff, I kind of don't.
I kind of think this is great news that we're not getting a Switch Pro this year because
I don't want to fight people for one.
And I think deep down, most of you don't want to fight people for one either, as much as
you may have liked the four K and all that stuff.
You know what?
Let it bake in the oven for another year.
Maybe we'll see something next year instead.
Maybe at this point, they just say, screw it.
And we get a Switch two or a, you know, a real successor to the Switch console.
I oh, my, the Switch, you were getting in the switch.
I kind of think I kind of, you know, not to get too far off topic with that, but I kind
of think Nintendo is going to stick with the Switch for a while.
I think everybody's talking about what would they'll go from the Switch Pro to the next
Nintendo console.
And I'm kind of like the next Nintendo console will be a switch of some sort.
It would.
They're going to keep this handheld dock thing going for a while.
It might look different.
It might have some radical changes, but the whole concept of switch and that that is staying.
I would be shocked if they went away from that.
But then again, they kind of did that with Wii U, didn't they?
They walked away from those motion controllers and look where that got them.
So I don't know.
Pod Culture in chat says the Super Switch.
I think that would be a great name for it.
I hope they name the successor better, whatever they do.
I think Super Switch is the way to go.
It's very clear, very plain.
And you know what you're going to get with something like that.
But anyway, I digress because that is going to be at least a year down the line at this
point.
The Super Switch is all we got this year and Nintendo is not going to do something new
for this holiday.
Let's get to some comments from chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Shane wants to fight people for one.
Now, I'm not going to try to speak for Shane, but I do talk to him a lot.
I don't think he's as like I think he kind of got to the point where he's like, all right,
I'll get one.
But it wasn't something where he was like, oh, like when it was first revealed, he was
like, oh, I got to go get in line right now or I don't.
And Shane, if you're out there, feel free to text or chat.
But that was the impression I got anyway.
Let's see.
OK, I thought that was I thought that was Shane texting me and that was actually Dark
Sakura saying why she went afk.
I was like, wow, that was quick.
Other comments in chat.
S2100 Matt says, to be fair, Nintendo has done well with their IPs, indie titles and
so forth that they don't need a Switch Pro this year or even next.
See, I'm kind of with you there.
Animal Crossing was bananas, and I think they're going to have another great holiday for the
system they've got.
S2100 Matt continues, a year ago, we were talking about how Animal Crossing was the
highest sold game of the pandemic.
That game wasn't in 4K, 120 FPS, BBQ.
Nintendo can strike gold again on this current hardware.
Yeah, I agree.
I think it would be even better if I could play Breath of the Wild in 4K.
But again, I don't want to fight people for that right now.
I still can't get a PlayStation 5 easily.
I mean, if I really wanted to work at it and really wanted to camp on websites, like, I guess I
could go and get a PlayStation 5.
But like, I don't know any other industry, maybe concert tickets where I have to beg to buy one.
Like, I will get a PlayStation 5 when I can walk into Target and pick one up off the shelf.
Although that's that's that's kind of what I did with Xbox Series X.
So, you know, that's why I have one of those.
So there is that.
Yeah, I'm getting so much use out of my Series X too.
So, yeah, I got to be honest.
I'm I'm loving the Series X right now for meeting the needs of this current generation.
That's not don't don't label Rob Roberts, Xbox fanboy.
No, I love all.
I want to see everybody succeed.
I'm like mean girls when she's splitting up the crown and want to give everybody a piece.
OK, that's me with the gaming industry.
I want to see everybody succeed.
But just as it is right now, the PlayStation 5 is kind of a pain to get.
And I don't feel like there's anything.
I kind of I really did want to play Returnal.
I was at the first game where I was like, oh, I really need.
And I think once some more of these games start coming out, like Final Fantasy 16, that's
going to come out eventually, but not this year.
But if it's out next holiday, oh, I'm fucking buying a PlayStation 5 because you better
believe you better believe I'm playing Final Fantasy 16 when it's by the folks who did
14, which I think is probably the best Final Fantasy game they've made at this point.
It's just incredible.
So let's see, Pod Culture in chat says, if I could find someone willing to pay full boat
for my Mario Switch, I'd consider upgrading since I mainly play in handheld.
But otherwise, nope.
You might be surprised, Pod Culture.
People want to still buy those old hardware things.
I don't know if you've used it.
It might be a little harder.
You might not get the full value from it, but you never know.
Take a look.
And let's say SSG100Matt says, you have better odds winning two of those PlayStation 5s on
Summer Game Stunt Quick's giveaway.
They even joke on stream most of the staff of GDQ can't get a PS5.
Well, I entered because I donated at the end of the Summer Game Stunt Quick there yesterday.
So who knows?
Maybe I will be lucky enough to win one, but I'm not going to count on it.
Questbuster says you can also sign up using your PlayStation account on Sony site and
for a chance and an invite reserving your spot for you in a virtual queue.
I did that like a year and a half ago.
Still.
Yeah, I remember that back in September.
Never got an email, so.
But it's honest.
Honestly, if they sent me an invite, I would just say, I don't want one right now.
I don't know.
I'm saving money.
I can't plunk 500 on a console right now, but maybe give it to me.
I don't give me $500 and sure, I'll give you a PS5.
I would be down for that.
You're going to give me $500 and I'll get you a PS5?
Yeah, with the $500 I give you.
OK.
Oh, yeah.
If I get my cordial invite.
OK.
All right.
Yes.
We'll talk offline.
We'll talk.
All right.
Questbuster says I got an invite, but they ran out.
So.
Oh, my God.
Can you imagine getting invited to like Disneyland to ride a new ride or something and then you
get all the way down there and they're like, it broke.
So is this like the reservation for the car from Seinfeld?
You know, it's like I don't think you understand what a reservation means.
Or it's oh, oh, oh, what's the other terrible one?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I've never watched that show.
No, I can relate, though.
You book a seat on a flight and you don't actually have a seat on the flight.
And then they're like, sorry, we're bumping you because we oversold the flight.
It's that.
Gross.
Anyway, that's when I turn into Major Karen and raise some hell.
At least we have a kitty on stream now.
It's nice to see.
Anyway.
It was staring me down.
Any anyone here on the hosting panel considering a Nintendo OLED switch?
No.
OK.
No.
Unless the kids break mine, which is a distinct possibility.
Don't encourage them, Loki.
If they overhear that, they don't have to encourage them.
Thankfully they've been playing mostly Roblox stuff.
So they haven't really been playing the switch.
But I'm sure we'll get the new Zelda game and the remastered Zelda game.
So yeah.
Hold up.
Mike Defton chat says PlayStation fives here cost fifteen thousand Mexican pesos.
That's about seven hundred and fifty dollars USD.
But at least you can find them more easily.
So you mean I can walk into I don't know what the big electronic stores are in Mexico.
I'll assume we live in a world where fries still exist in Mexico.
So I can still walk into fries Mexico and pick up a PlayStation five off the shelf.
I just have to pay like, you know, 250 extra dollars for it, which totally goes against
everything I believe in when it comes to scalpers anyway.
But at least at least in that scenario where they're kind of importing things, it makes
a little more sense.
Mike Defton says maybe.
Wow.
Wow.
All right.
Interesting.
Well, Tiger cloud does remind us the switch OLED is not going to make the games play better.
Sure it has a better screen, but it's not going to improve the quality of the games,
but they'll look better.
That's what's not on your TV, though, won't affect us.
Look at that.
That's true.
Not on your TV.
And the Tiger also brings up the joy cons.
They're the same as the original switch.
So they didn't fix the drift problem.
Oh, yes.
I heard somebody would have learned by now.
I heard somebody asked Nintendo directly about that and got like a no comment in response,
which means, yes, it's the same.
And they haven't.
How how have they not fixed the same?
That's setting themselves.
Oh, oh, that's a choice.
That is a choice.
Nintendo.
That is a choice.
All right.
Speaking of choices, I made a very good choice by having Alan go to Costco before the show
because he put down in front of me earlier a churro from Costco.
So I have a Costco churro that I'm going to chow down on while Dark Soccer tells us about
her gaming week.
So how was your get?
What are the choices you made with your gaming week this week, Dark Soccer?
Still no Animal Crossing.
Basically it's been Dead by Daylight and Fantasian, but when I was streaming Fantasian, my Internet
cut out was sad.
I'm really in that grindy part where I need to buff up a couple of my characters so I
may not play it on stream anymore for a little bit until I finish the buffing.
So it's really been mostly Dead by Daylight.
I've been participating in the event and bringing out my cake and I have not yet gotten a five
cake match.
I got a four cake match and some jackass brought escape cake, which doesn't help me at all.
How very dare they?
I'm playing my worst games and of course we have pinball going on, so that's it.
All right.
Have you gotten some killer crowns?
Oh, I got all the killer crowns, which I mean, for the characters that you can get them.
I did pick up a couple of survivor perks just in case it happens.
So I got like live and dead hard because everyone either uses live or dead hard.
So I figured, huh?
Um, but other than that, um, I, I've just been, I got my crown on twins and it's enough
to know that I hate playing twins.
I hate playing Blort, who will always be called Blort to me.
Oh, he is hard.
He's harder than nurse in many ways.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As a nurse, it's just a matter of getting, uh, getting used to how the blinks work, which
I do have to show.
I don't remember their names, but these, uh, I, I think that they realized that I was legit
a baby nurse and it was right before end game collapse.
A couple of, uh, a couple of, uh, survivors actually just, I could tell that's what they
were doing.
They were letting me practice my blinks.
And I thought that was really nice.
You know, usually I get nothing but, you know, sweaty, toxic survivors who like to do the
butt dance and, you know, act like children.
Um, which to me I think is unnecessary and probably a skilled player shouldn't do that
if they're mature.
Um, but at any rate, um, they were really nice.
They just let me run around.
They seem to know I got a couple of hits in, it was pretty cool.
I would just let one run off and go after the other and let, you know, we just run around
all of the Yamaoka estate and it was pretty cool.
Yeah.
Um, I had some interesting matches.
I was playing as killer as well.
And um, you know, some were like, I played a few pyramid head matches and in one match,
like they did not want it.
Like it was a five cake match.
They did not want to farm.
I was like, I was out in the middle drawing circles.
I'm like, come here and let's farm.
They didn't want to do it.
And so, but then I got another one where some idiot DC'd right.
Well, maybe it wasn't their fault, but they DC'd right when the match started and I ended
up unintentionally slugging the other three.
I didn't mean to, but I actually, I picked one up and let them get out so they could
go pick somebody up.
And I was like, all right, we're going to farm.
Then here's the punchline.
So they finally get the door open and then I get booted from the game.
I think my game freezes and I get DC'd.
So you know how many blood points I got?
Zero.
I'm so mad.
I'm going to play the DVD for the rest of the day because behavior has made a great
game that runs like garbage.
You know, I did, I did actually have an interesting match and it was actually one of the, it was,
I think my third time playing Freddy and I actually had a really good one.
I had, uh, one DC, two kills and I was about to get a Meg and I closed the hatch by accident.
I was going to let her go.
And so she's slugged, no one to heal her.
And I can't open the gate once the apparently once the hatches closed, you can't open the
gate.
Right.
So what I did is I picked her up and ran around until she got down and then we went and hung
back over by the gate so I could let her out or she could let herself out.
But you know, it was, it was, that also had like one of the most annoying Dwight's ever.
It was great.
Hanging that guy.
All right, I'm done.
All right.
Enough dead by daylight.
Let's go to somebody who doesn't play that game.
Let's go to Loki.
Loki, how was your game?
I don't play that game.
You don't play that game.
What do you play?
It's just Minecraft.
And so that's what I've been doing, just still playing on the server.
Mainly this week was just finishing up the design of the build that I'm going to be working
on here pretty soon.
I think also gathering resources for that as well.
So there was actually a lot of mining being done and harassing the server admins about
our spawn rates because we were, we've had an issue and I brought it up in my last video
where no mobs were spawning, which kind of makes it hard to run a mob farm that requires
those mobs to be spawning.
And so it's been like fixed and broken all throughout the week.
So I think it's now finally actually working again.
But that kind of put a lot of my plans I had to make other mob farms on hold for a while.
Also with my new shop they have, which sells axolotls, they have the rare blue one, which
prior to 117.1, you could actually just find those in the wild.
And so I was actually planning on building a upgraded farm to farm those because otherwise
you have to breed them and it's like a one in 1200 chance of getting one and it's a real
pain in the ass to do that.
So unfortunately, now that we've updated the 117.1, that is my only option.
So I'm going to raise the price on those.
But yeah, it's mainly been just Minecraft.
So now I'm finally getting to the point where I'm going to start that build for my new video.
Had to terraform a bunch of stuff.
So that's taken a long time because it's a massive build.
It's like 40 blocks by 42 and I think 70 tall, just this massive factory.
So I'm going to be doing that.
And then I don't know from there, I've been trying to get more people involved with like
doing streaming or like content creation, but it's like it's not happening, which is
very disappointing, especially not to complain, but I'm going to.
We had somebody leave our server and apparently they're an admin or they run their own other
another SMP and the guy started off his brand new YouTube channel and it's already getting
like 1000 views per video, just a brand new thing, which is frustrating when you have
a hermit from hermitcraft in your episode and you can't pull more than 200 views.
A little frustrating.
So I will keep at it, stick at it.
You just, you never know the one that's going to catch fire.
You just have to stick with it.
That's all it is.
It's hard because I gotta put the cat down.
It's hard.
Put the cat in the video.
I bet you'll get a lot of hits for that.
Oh, gosh.
Stella plays Minecraft.
She's shedding like crazy.
So it's hard because like a server like that, where you have a lot of people on that server
actually doing content creation, they share their view, their audience.
And so each person may bring in like a hundred people or so, and then you're sharing audiences
and that's how you grow grandically.
That was the hope when I joined the server that, Oh, Hey, there's multiple people making
content.
And when I came on, that was the case, there was a few people had a couple episodes.
Now there's nobody, it's just like, it's just me.
And so the only con the only audience I can grow is the people that are on the server
watching themselves.
And then maybe anybody else I can try to like get in with advertising on a bunch, like on
different discords, like I'm on a bunch of the hermit's discord.
So they have like media sharing things.
So I posted in there, I posted forums, I posted on Twitter, social media, like everywhere.
And it's just nothing like, it's just nothing, but I'm going to keep at it.
It's just, it's frustrating.
Change your server.
If it, if it isn't, if everybody abandoned ship, then yeah, but I can't, I don't want
to right now, but just because they like the other server, it would have like had that
sort of been in existence at the time, I probably would have joined something like that, but
there's like so many, it's hard to say like how it would have even gone, but we'll see.
I just am a little frustrated seeing like, cause not to like dog on like people and in
the quality of their content, but like his video was bad.
His audio was terrible and yeah, he's pulling in 900 reviews on this first feels like that's
frustrating.
Like that is absolutely frustrating.
Aren't you?
Aren't you used to it by now from this podcast?
Like I'm not, I'm not saying high quality podcast or anything, but I heard some of the
ones that have caught fire though.
I will never forget the one I listened to and this is a very popular show and no, I'm
not going to name it because I am not that kind of person, but I listened to it and I'm
like, this guy sounds like he's being held prisoner and doesn't want to be here talking
about these retro games.
This guy does not sound like he wants to be here at all and I just, I was so bored because
he was bored and it was like infectious and all that stuff.
So I don't understand sometimes how some of these like bigger names and things that catch
fire, uh, do as well as they do.
So yeah.
And I don't know either lucky to have what we have and I do mean it.
We do.
I just, I, I understand that.
I just wish the community that I played with would stop leaving the server and I wish that
they would actually play and like check cause like this entire week when I was playing,
there was nobody on and I get it like fourth of July holiday and stuff like that.
Probably people were gone during the week or vacationing during the summer, but like
nobody was on, it was just me period.
Like it's starting to, it's starting to look like the VoG Minecraft server where it's just
like started off.
I got like a few people playing and it was like doing all that and then nobody.
So it's like,
I need a button for that shade sound from RuPaul's drag race.
I have a button actually.
It's frustrating.
I just, I wish we got more engagement.
I wish we had more people playing and stuff like that.
And I know like I get individuals on the server reaching out and saying, Hey, you know, you
know, we want to do voice chat.
We can do that or something like that.
But like these people are never on it.
I don't know.
We'll see.
I just have to stick it with it for now, but like it's getting frustrating.
For what it's worth, you have some nice folks in chat.
Bobby Blackwell says you're the only Minecraft YouTuber I watch.
And Mike Deft uses the arrow to kind of indicate the same thing there.
She Hulk suggests get a cat cam and the money will pour in.
That's that's what I'm saying, you know.
And again, to get a cat cam or a hot tub, hot tub Minecraft stream, Loki.
I'm going to sink money in for a hot tub.
Why don't you?
Okay.
Build a hot tub in Minecraft and call it your Minecraft hot tubs video.
And then make the thumbnail something completely different.
Well, it's like on TikTok, my highest hitting my two highest videos is one where I'm watching
Oscar, you know, a WWE talk about her TikTok channel and one of me petting Midna.
The OK, I'm a little older, so I just turned 43.
I'm having a hard time understanding the tic tac.
But all I know is that somebody older than you, somebody somebody told me to start one
the last time I was at Rocky Horror.
So pre pandemic and I did a really dumb little video on there and it has like 550 views.
I'm like, OK, for like not I was like, so maybe I need to explore the taktaks a little
more.
I've been I've been putting up like some of my my clips from my channel and sometimes
I'll like set them to an intro outro with some of my own music on it.
I've seen that come through my feet, actually.
So it gets it gets seen.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, I joined TikTok.
I haven't posted yet.
I'm telling you, Bobby, post that little rap that you did or Micro Machines spiel that
you did at Games Done Quick on TikTok.
And that would probably get a lot of views, although to be fair, since it's really about
the charity, I don't know if Games Done Quick runs a TikTok, but maybe they should have
it.
But I that would spread, I bet, because that was really good.
All right.
Well, I'll stop.
I'll stop complaining.
But like, yeah, so that that video will be coming very soon, depending on how long it
takes to build this thing, because it's it's big, but it's pretty cool, I thought.
And this is J100 Matt giving some advice, saying if your goal is to get rich quick with
YouTube, it's going to take a while and a lot of dedication.
Just got to keep grinding and you will get the hits.
The key is posting consistently.
Well, not to speak for Loki because he's right there, but I don't think it's about getting
rich quick.
I think it's just about can we find some new people to, you know, can we can we get more,
you know, people to see this stuff?
It's about visibility, I guess, maybe a better word.
Yeah, it's visibility.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not looking to get rich.
I mean, that's not going to happen anytime soon.
No, it's just to get visibility.
I basically just like I want to see like more organic growth.
I do want to I'm trying to post consistently.
I think I need to scale well, over scoping again, you know, I need to scale back your
project size.
Yeah, me.
Yeah.
But I've been trying to like, do like stuff that's interesting, you know, and I get a
lot.
It depends on the style.
Like there's some people that will do large builds each video.
There's some people they'll just like kinda more old school where it's like, okay, and
I'm wandering around.
It depends on like, I have to do large builds because I have no one to interact with that.
That's why if it was just like, I'm going to goof off with this person, then yeah, I
could do that.
But you have to have other people to interact with in order to be able to do that type of
content that's I don't have that and it's it's just all me I've got to I've got to build
big things.
Somebody wants to goof off with Loki and Minecraft and have some fun.
Hit him up on Twitter at Loki O.L.R.
Yes.
And we'll we'll have you join the server because there's people there's people coming in every
day.
There's got to be somebody listening here who still plays Minecraft who would enjoy
just spending an hour playing with you and doing stupid builds building the hot tub in
Minecraft.
Yeah.
All right.
My gaming week.
So I already played Dead by Daylight.
I talked about that.
I've been playing more Final Fantasy 14 because of course this is me.
They just released a benchmark for Endwalker the next expansion.
That was some big news from this weekend that I don't think is on our show roll.
So you can check that out on the official Final Fantasy 14 website if you just want
to play around with the character creator.
So I've actually made my male Viera or my boy bunny who I've just well should I say
that?
No I'm not going to say the name.
I'm going to have to wait because I need to make sure I can get the name before I say
it because sometimes people will steal it.
But I have a really good name picked out.
So we'll have that.
And yeah my character looks really cool.
So I like the benchmark and otherwise still just trying to get all my characters to 80
before the expansion comes out in Final Fantasy 14.
Another game I ever played when I'd name I'd name her little bunny boo boo little walking
through the forest scooping up.
I like that right.
So I found I found another game to play this week and it's just I don't know how I found
this game all by myself completely unprovoked or told that I should check this out just
out of the blue.
I found myself checking out Yakuza like a dragon.
I checked out on Xbox Game Pass.
OK.
Obviously I'm saying that very tongue in cheek because people have been yelling at
me for a very long time that I need to a play the Yakuza series B specifically this
entry in the Yakuza series.
So I finally around the Fourth of July holiday downloaded it because finally the bandwidth
rolled over.
And since we were out of town for a couple of days we didn't use bandwidth.
So I was like OK this is a good time for me to download Yakuza.
So I did and I've been playing it a lot since the fourth I'm already like 10 hours into
the game.
Somewhere into like Chapter 4 at this point and I'm having a good time.
Like it's it's it's I was not prepared for I knew the Yakuza was very story heavy.
I wasn't really prepared for how story heavy it is.
I was very like wow there is like a lot going on here and there's a lot of especially in
the first chapter.
It's a lot of just watching it's like a very persona kind of intro where it's like or Kingdom
Hearts 2.
You're just watching cut scene after cut scene after cut scene with like maybe three battles
in the entire chapter.
But it wasn't bad like I found myself kind of like fascinated like what's going on what's
going to happen.
What's you know and all this there's already like twists and things like that happening.
So yeah I'm not going to spoil anything but yes I played enough to get to Chapter 4 where
things start to open up and there's side quests.
And because I think because this is a Sega game or whatever there are some crazy ass
side quests like I laughed my ass off.
There's one where you get in a little bicycle and you drive around collecting cans and it's
like a little racer game that's built into it.
I haven't really dinked around at the Sega arcades or pachinko machines but I know that's
a full other thing too that's in the game.
And then there's just like all these weird little side things that you can do.
That's pretty cool.
The game is dirty as hell.
This is basically an NC-17 rated Final Fantasy game is what it is.
It's Final Fantasy 15 and that bro quest if it was NC-17 rated is kind of what it is honestly.
It's dirty.
It's violent.
It's got sex sex sex sex all over it and everything is boring.
There's violence and a lot of uses of the F word as well.
It's everything.
All the nasty stuff you can think of it's there.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says it's a Japanese crime drama continually interrupted by episodes
of The Simpsons.
That's a very good way of putting it.
So on my Twitter I put a game capture because like I was doing a side quest and I was like
look I've hosted the Rocky Horror Picture Show for like years and years and years.
I've done a lot of you know other cult cinema.
I've even hosted a horror movie fest and everything.
It takes a lot to like make me go what the fuck is this.
But there was a scene that happened in Yakuza where I was like what the fuck is this.
Like what in the act.
This is in my video game.
This is happening.
And it was it was basically a side quest in this economy.
It was a side quest where you hear like a baby crying.
And so it's a really short quest and this does not spoil the main story whatsoever.
If you are really going to be hurt that I'm spoiling one tiny little side quest then I'm
sorry.
That was also done in a speed run.
But so what happened on the side quest you hear a baby cry.
No this is not rugby baby.
That's different Yakuza game.
Oh that was different.
OK.
Yeah.
There's a baby crying upstairs or something.
And you have a guy who has baby formula.
Long story short you decide you're going to take the baby formula up to the crying
baby but you need hot water.
So the side quest is you got to go to the cafe get the hot water come back and then
you go upstairs and you find out that the babies that are crying are grown men and they're
wearing diapers and they're being it's a fetish studio or something that you just walked in
and crash.
And because these guys happen to be rival Yakuza then the surprise in the side quest
is these babies want to kick your ass basically.
So you have to fight these man babies and then at the end you get to make a very Bioware
esque choice on do you want to run out of there.
Do you want to tell them off or whatever or do you want to join them and have a bottle
together with them.
And so of course I picked the option where I wanted to have a bottle with them and the
screen just fades to black at that point.
So there was that.
And Bobby Blackwell says yes and then he becomes a summon.
So that is a whole other thing is that instead of summons like Final Fantasy you have people
you call on your phone that show up for money and kick people's ass.
And so a man baby fetish dude is one of the people that you can call when you're in trouble.
Let's see Mike Defton chat says that's an actual thing in Japan not not just Japan.
Did you see my response.
Yes I did.
There's a Web site called Craigslist and there's a there's a well not sadly not anymore.
There's other where one Web site goes down others go up.
So yes there's there's players and kink Web sites out there that are for networking and
yes it's a thing.
And I'm not here to shame nobody and what they want to do consensually behind closed
doors.
I just was not expecting to see that in a video game like you know there's a lot of
plot twists and I can call a lot of plot twists.
That was not a plot twist I was prepared for OK.
That's just all I'm saying.
But yeah yeah whatever you want to do consensually behind closed door y'all's business.
That is that is y'all all right anyway.
So that's my long story about my experience of the Yakuza like a dragon.
But I am I am enjoying it and the story is is good.
And yeah now I'm curious to go back and check out other Yakuza games.
Although I hear that the other get zero through six.
Is it.
And this this would kind of be seven I guess.
So zero through six are like beat them ups.
So they're different.
But but I think the main part of it with the crazy story twists the things I'm talking
about that part is still all the same.
It's just the actual what happens when you get in the encounters with band dude bad dudes
is a little bit.
Didn't a couple of them have Kitano Takeshi doing some roles.
I think so.
I think he's in that rugby baby scene.
Yeah he was.
But he's also been like one of his big claims to fame was doing you know Yakuza movies.
You know.
Yeah.
So anyway it's it's a fascinating game.
Actually Jamie if you could you know just look away at some of the nasty stuff.
Well you're you're in a grown adult.
You can look right at it.
It's just one of those things where it's like I think if you can kind of get through some
of the weird shit there's a lot of lore in the game and I know you love lore and there's
a lot to the story there are some interesting shit in it.
So I got to say it might be worth your time especially if you have game pass.
It's worth checking out.
So yeah and I don't and I don't really touch our PS4.
Oh this is actually I'm playing on Xbox but yeah I don't have a new Xbox plus when I have
was a 360.
I don't.
It's not on 360 bummer.
I don't know if I honestly I haven't cared.
I'll be honest.
Well that's not the kind of game I'm into.
I put it off for a long time too and then I was like oh this is kind of fun.
Oh PC version is coming.
Got it.
Got it.
Well who's on the PC.
I'm not.
That's right.
That's right.
I keep forgetting you.
Well you still play stuff through.
I'm going to put it this way.
I don't even like to watch many Yakuza movies.
All right.
Fair enough.
It's not something I am interested in at all.
But thank you.
But for it to clarify for others out there who may be curious Mike Deaf does say it is
on X cloud.
So their their version of that.
So that would allow you to play it on pretty much any any device there.
So interesting.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Questmaster says the protagonist zero through six is more serious.
His persona only makes the bizarre side quests and activities even better.
That would be my one read on the game is the one my one little thing is that I do get
very frustrated that the main character is to put it bluntly like an idiot a dumbass.
He's completely wow.
And I get very frustrated sometimes I'm watching these cut scenes where I'm like let me have
a human bowling ball what like playing a human bowling ball much pretty much.
He's just yeah he's he gets very frustrating in some situations.
But my my hope is because I'm because I already kind of see it a little bit that I'm early
on in the game.
I'm supposed to get irritated with that.
But then there's like redemption towards the end of the game where you know he becomes
a lot more tolerable.
But that's the one little thing where I'm like anyway all right yeah as Joe and Matt
says each bonds the lovable idiot I guess his name is number one.
Yeah yeah.
And people call him out on that in game two which is really funny.
They're like no really what's your name.
I think it does get funny.
It doesn't get funny.
All right.
Enough enough about that game.
Let's talk about other stuff.
Oh actually before we get into other news I do want to shout it out like four times
now but I want to give officially a shout out to Vogue Network's own Bobby Black Wolf
and all the other folks behind the scenes who made summer games done quick that speed
running marathon happened.
They raised right around two point nine million dollars for Doctors Without Borders a wonderful
charity and just lots of great speed runs that were played throughout the week.
And of course as you've been hearing on Vogue Network throughout the past few weeks Bobby
Black Wolf he's one of the hosts during the event so he's reading donations and things
and he was the host with the very last thing that you saw which was that Kingdom Hearts
2 speed run where they ran that entire game.
I think it was about three hours 12 minutes when all was said and I think the estimate
was three hours 15 minutes and it got in right under the estimate.
And it was really impressive.
And the Sephiroth battle and that other one.
Yeah there were those extra battles that he did too which were really all at level one
which was the fascinating thing too.
And it was great to watch some of the donations come in and hear some of those getting read
because my favorite donation that was read they were trying to do the incentive to unlock
that Sephiroth battle and somebody donated as Sephiroth and said one v one me.
I thought that was really funny.
And then the second one that says never mind don't can I have my money back.
I did.
I heard that one too.
That was funny.
But I laughed out loud and I heard that whole one v one me.
You won't.
Yeah.
Dan and I had a laugh.
That was pretty good.
So yeah.
No.
Great.
Great job.
Great speed runs.
It was it was a good time.
So yeah.
Looking forward to awesome games done quick which maybe they're going to do in person.
They're kind of not committing to that yet which I completely understand because they
got to see how things play out in the coming months I'm sure.
But they're going to it is on their radar to try to get it back in person in January
which they kind of mentioned there at the end.
So that would be great if that can happen.
So yeah.
Dan and I did our donation last night.
It didn't get read.
But I understand.
You know it happens.
It happens.
But I did say that I love games that have Tron levels in them.
Oh there you go.
Yeah.
Nice.
I was waiting the whole thing for the Tron level and it was like over in five minutes.
I did.
I did have a donation read last night but like the first year I didn't have mine read.
So it just depends on what gets through and what doesn't.
And you know it all happens.
All right.
But if you want to hear more about the behind the scenes stuff on what they're looking for
and all that stuff I will send you over to the Bobby Blackwell show and given his show
a nice cheap plug there which comes on live right before us here at VOG Network or of
course he has a robust part podcast archive with lots of stories behind the scenes and
all of that as well over at the Bobby Black Wolf show.
OK.
I want to give Bobby a thank you by the way for doing the debut of my little remix.
My my Sanic.
So there's another reason to check out a show this week.
You'll hear a lot about Summer Games done quick and you get to hear that world premiere
of your Sanic Green Hill Zone remix which is which I love the Green Hill Zone music
so much that I wanted to pretty much keep it like as the Green Hill Zone music but enhanced
if that makes sense.
It's Green Hill Zone OLED version.
No.
All right.
Green Hill Zone Pro.
It was good.
It was good.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's get into some other gaming news and what else is going on in the gaming world.
OK.
We'll start with you.
Yeah.
So there is actually one of those PlayStation state of play is this week as well.
And we got to see some more footage of different games some that we already knew were coming.
For example we have a date now for the Death Stranding director's cut which is gonna be
September 24th and they kind of showed off some new modes in there as well including
a racing mode and also they announced that there's gonna be a $10 upgrade if you have
the PlayStation 4 version already and that cross saves will be supported.
So that's kind of cool.
More footage of Deathloop.
I mean we see that almost every single time so that game still looks cool.
Lost Judgment looks awesome since we were just talking about Yakuza.
Really looking forward to checking that one out when that comes out.
What else?
We have a new trailer for Jet which looks interesting Jet the Far Shore.
It's kind of like a sci-fi adventure game.
Fist which you know it's funny it's like I have this game confused with there's another
one that just came out about like anthropomorphic animals and stuff like that in like a post
apocalyptic setting.
I actually thought the one that came out now was this game already but this is a little
bit different.
This is actually coming out now on PlayStation 4 and 5 and on September 7th.
It's a side scroller game but it looks pretty awesome it's about this like rabbit character
with this giant mechanical fist he fights with.
Oh so it's not Watership Down.
No not Watership Down.
This Watership Down is like part Bionic Commando I mean that's what it kind of looks like.
Watership Down the fighting game.
But it looks really cool.
So this looks much better than the one that just came out.
A new hero shooter called Arcade or Arcade Geddon and that's something that was actually
out now in early access so you can check that out and there's a new Moss game coming out
so Moss Book 2 which was a game that was originally out on the PlayStation VR.
So now that's getting a sequel which is pretty cool.
They showed Tribes of Midgard a little bit and a new game called Hunter's Arena Legends
which is another battle royale game.
What else?
Demon Slayer.
I don't even know how to pronounce this.
The Hinokami Chronicles and yeah I think that's about it.
I noticed Seafood Flight Club.
That was another game but that's been delayed till 2022 but I know that's something that
showed off before.
Looks a lot like what was the other I don't remember the name of the game now but yeah
it looks familiar.
I noticed that even though we had you know a lot of kind of newer IPs and newer ideas
and maybe not AAA games but still you know they're games that are on their way out and
you know a lot of them look fun.
I still noticed that the state of play kind of got a very meh reaction from people online
but I kind of again I think this is a case of gamers were setting their expectations
a little too high because for yeah I don't know how the fuck this got this started that
people were saying oh Final Fantasy 16 has to show up in the state of play.
I think people were kind of making the jump.
Well because Sony didn't do an E3 presentation this is Sony's E3 presentation.
Oh yeah.
Therefore they must show Final Fantasy 16.
That's where the logic train was going on social media and this really is not what so
like again Sony said it was going to be Deathloop footage and some other things.
If they were going to show Final Fantasy 16 that would they were not going to bury that
lead right.
Well yeah exactly and also like I think these are like monthly that they do these state
of plays I'm pretty sure that they did one before E3 as well.
They've been doing it more regularly than Nintendo Directs to be quite honest.
I don't yeah I had no expectations unless you count the indies if you count the indies
then they're about the same probably sure but like I don't know it's fine I had no expectations
of it I definitely wasn't expecting them announcing major new titles but yeah Deathloop is cool
and all but like like I don't I feel like we're we're kind of getting into you know
No Man's Sky territory it's not necessarily No Man's Sky but like Last of Us 2 and stuff
like we're just like we're we're just shoving the footage down your throat it's like okay
dude I've seen Deathloop I get the concept of the game yeah it looks cool I don't need
to see 10 minutes of footage every single state of play yeah like it's a little like
I get it it's gonna be awesome but I don't need to see it every time like we could have
cut that 10 minutes short or like spent 10 minutes promoting something else you know
yeah yeah I'm I think there is such a such thing as like too much promotion although
Sony did warn you but I think I would say that you know if Sony wanted to do a deep
dive on Deathloop then have a state of play or whatever be only that I think maybe the
problem there was that they said it was gonna be Deathloop and other stuff so because that
other stuff was so vague even though I don't think anybody should have set their bar for
Final Fantasy 16 you know if you want to see indies or you want to see you know what are
some new games that are PlayStation you know you're gonna tune in and then it's like I
have to sit through more of this game I've already seen a million I already pre-ordered
it you know but I guess for other people it's hype you know if it was Final Fantasy 16 I'd
probably be sitting there gobbling up each and every minute with a spoon so people are
into what they're into but I also speaking of that coincidentally there was an interview
very recent I think it was actually maybe during the live stream they were doing for
Final Fantasy 14 now Kiyoshita who's the producer director of 14 as you all know is
also gonna be overseeing 16 because creative unit 3 is working on both and he did say a
little bit about 16 and he did say I think he's I don't want to misquote him but it was something
along the lines of they may not be at Tokyo Game Show because they don't want to show the game
again until basically it's ready and I'm kind of like another example of how Naoki
Ashita just like gets it like he just they've announced it and now he doesn't he doesn't want
to do the continuous hype for the game he just wants to when it's ready here's the launch trailer
type of thing and and then go come out swinging and I think that's a brilliant way to do it but
should also kind of set people's expectations now he said that after the state of play but that
should also kind of set people's expectations that like you're not gonna see Final Fantasy 16
until they're ready to tell you what what day it's coming out well yeah and it's also it makes sense
because it's probably a lot of work for them to keep building vertical slices that show off in
different trailers of the game just let them develop it without having to constantly put
something out that you know the public can consume for sure all right um let's move on
and talk about something that will probably not surprise anybody but the fact that they are doing
another Assassin's Creed game but it might surprise you how this got unveiled Assassin's
Creed infinity is the new game that is coming out and it was leaked out actually at first so
what happened is that Bloomberg oh you kids at Bloomberg here you go again but this one they
got right so they reported that there is a new entry in the Assassin's Creed series it was going
to be a live service game so it kind of cornered Ubisoft into actually confirming this it is called
Assassin's Creed infinity internally so I'm sorry I didn't say that I'm specifically earlier this is
a code name so it may not be the actual name of the game it's gonna be a collaboration between
Ubisoft Montreal and Quebec and Ubisoft in a blog post said rather than continuing to pass the baton
from game to game we profoundly believe this is an opportunity for one of Ubisoft's most beloved
franchises to evolve in a more integrated and collaborative manner there's really no other
details from this so Ubisoft did not respond to anything else that was in the Bloomberg report
including that whole live service so that part also still is a rumor at this time such as Grand
Theft Auto five anthem those types of games usually of course Assassin's Creed games are
single-player even though they're full of DLC so this would be a little bit different the Bloomberg
reports isn't there for yeah they have like like almost all of their games are like live service
games nowadays you know with what all of their Tom Clancy games right I mean they've got so many live
service games it's kind of yuck also Ubisoft is yuck because you know they they basically don't
address any of the harassment that's going on their company I was actually gonna follow up with
that and kind of say that yeah there's all this news on Assassin's Creed infinity but the deal
breaker for a lot of people here is that there's still a lot of really bad stuff trademark patent
pending coming out of Ubisoft that seems to show that they perhaps are not addressing some of these
issues that have been brought to light prior and that is that is very disappointing and at this
point I'm starting to wonder if Eve's given is much longer for the company because this is
clearly a problem that's trickling down from the top of course I have sat here and said all these
CEOs need to be fired not all of them but a lot of them do and it doesn't seem to happen because
I guess the money keeps coming in so I could sit here all day and go Eve's go on needs to go and
it probably is not going to happen however it probably should so if you want us to take some
of these and it does suck because of course at the end of the day there's a lot of people working
very hard on this who are not a part of all of that who are just trying to do what they want to
do for a living and that is make a fun video game and they're not a part of all that so it really
sucks that you know all this other stuff brings it down but that also highlights the reason why a
figure like easy wall needs to go yeah if he really likes his employees he'll resign um let's
see going yeah DJ Rama s and chat says friend of mine works at Ubisoft she helped worked on I'm
gonna redact that just so that nobody can be identified I hope she doesn't have to deal with
this BS I hope not either and again like I said hopefully there's many people within the company
who again are just trying to make a good video game and see out their passion of designing video
games for a living so it sucks that this has to exist from the company or that this exists within
the company and that's why it is the responsibility of the management and the boardroom and the
shareholders at this point to cut that out surgically without anesthesia it has gone on
too long get in there get it out pod culture says fire them all and start over Mike deaf says
Ubisoft but not really Ubisoft more like a subsidiary of them which I think would be game
loft oh I think talking about something else sorry let's see Zen monkey says just do battle
royale Assassin's Creed and call it a day Ubisoft likes to make their solo play games always online
so why not Zen monkey says also Assassin's Creed should do what Grand Theft Auto 5 online is doing
just do an online mode and milk it for a few years they honestly don't know what to do with
those games um Grand Theft Auto 5 a few years 5 has been going on for it's it's gonna be a few
decades by the time they pull the plug on that right Loki right yeah it's been eight years now
or almost eight years it's they're not gonna pull the plug on that anytime soon I'm just
razzing you and I obviously you had a great comment there I'm just poking fun Zen monkey
says yeah more like a decade okay okay we agreed in let's speaking of decades and decades let's
throw it back with our next story Dark Sakura so I don't know if anyone remembers this because it's
been about 20 years rumored you know now but does anyone remember having heard of the SNK
millennium it was supposed to be a console that SNK was working on in theory to complete with the
Dreamcast and it had been mentioned around well the rumors came out around 1999 and there was
even some mention of it you know that like a couple of statements that there was a home
console SNK was working on but someone believes that they found a SNK motherboard that may have
belonged to what was becoming the system Anthony Bacon who runs a YouTube channel called video game
esoterica did some digging with this PC motherboard and found that it was supposed to be the
successor to the hyper neo geo 64 but it doesn't really do a whole lot it has like a very rudimentary
BIOS that has the word zombie repeatedly in the code maybe that was like a a work name I guess
work in progress project name but with this one yeah like the president of SNK at the time
reference that they were working on the SNK millennium and there were some rumors in magazines
it was going to license existing CPU technology married to a matrix graph graphics card anyway
what he has here is a board that is dated early 1998 and I'm just looking at some of the the
pieces on it just to see what was those actually yeah this was writer right before they had to sell
the rights to play more so anyway the board takes power doesn't do a lot else the BIOS
has like a bunch of just gibberish in it except for the word zombies and plain text every so often
but there's no games no files no software development kit no documentation if it runs
they don't know what operating system it would run it does use a Hitachi sh4 CPU they think it
might just you know run like a hello world message and then that's about it but it is though a nod
back to an earlier portion of SNK's history so maybe maybe one day some information will come
out about it maybe someone will step in and go hey I know what this is but right now all we have
is a kind of a unworking motherboard yeah that's okay made this must have been pulled and stopped
working on really really early on for this for so little to really exist on it but it is interesting
to think you know well they were thinking that direction and maybe you know especially because
you know consoles take so long to develop you know PlayStation Sony is working on PlayStation
6 right now it's just you know it's just a matter of you know in 98 99 this would have been close to
the time when the Dreamcast launched in Japan okay I mean because the the US release was in
99 September 99 99 yeah so it seems to me that they were really thinking ambitiously maybe ahead
of themselves we know where that you know left the company ended up I mean I think that it's
only more in recent years that SNK is you know done a pretty decent recovery right well we'll
see what if maybe somebody will spill the deets on what was going on there and but probably sad
we're never gonna see a game I bet I don't think it was really ready for that but you never know
all right moving on let's talk about our next story Loki yes as if this was any surprise but
we knew that once the acquisition of Bethesda by Microsoft happened that all exclusive deals with
Bethesda titles on some platforms were definitely in question I know with like for example the next
Elder Scrolls game that will be exclusive on the Xbox platforms as far as consoles go well now of
course the one title that they're touting over and over Deathloop is only going to be exclusive on
PlayStation for one year so September 14 2022 it'll be out on the Xbox platforms as well but at least
they have that one year allegedly allegedly yes on game pass allegedly yeah so we'll see I'm not
surprised really if that's the case well most of these exclusive agreements really are for just one
year in fact you know kind of going to another Sony exclusive still for now that Final Fantasy
7 remake I think many people expected that we would see that on Microsoft's platform now that
it's been a year but then oh now we have the PlayStation 5 version and that you know you fee
DLC that possibly possibly extended the deal or something we don't really know you know we don't
know all the ins and outs of how that worked but it's not on Xbox yet now that story doesn't involve
a Microsoft own company like the Deathloop thing does now so I think it's all but certain Deathloop
will show up on Xbox eventually but it is interesting to kind of hear the specifics on
when you know and you got to wonder if that's gonna make some people wait I don't know I don't
know you know do we know how many like PlayStation fives versus Xbox X's are out there I felt like I
heard that there's more PlayStation fives but I don't know if that's just because it's adding
Japan into it where we know Microsoft is a non factor like I don't know is it pretty even here
in the u.s. or is PlayStation still ahead I don't yeah I have no idea honestly like I don't know and
it's not really a factor for me though because we can't get PlayStation fives and there's yeah
there's a handful of games that are exclusive on there that look pretty awesome but like I mean I
was looking forward to the next Elder Scrolls game so I'm glad I have an Xbox why have PC too
I guess I could definitely played on that but like you you do bring up an interesting point though
where it's like that exclusive window kind of dwindles down when you consider that everybody
who can't who wants a ps5 still can't get one and so it makes that window even smaller for when
people finally do get a ps5 if you know what I mean true and then deathly balls is also gonna
be available on PC so it's really just we're talking console exclusivity so if you want to
play to me you can play it on PC as well and I guess to be fair series X's aren't exactly easy
to come by either I'm my understanding is they are also having a hard time staying in stock and
so forth and I think that's why my brain kind of goes I think they're selling more Playstations
because I think they I think I just kind of I feel like most people that wanted an Xbox got one by
now but I mean with games pass in the next cloud and stuff like that oh yeah yeah we have to
remember Microsoft playing a different game now that's right yeah it's very true so I mean that
so let's see what happens so I do want to take a small tangent and I did mention this in chat a
little bit yeah sure I'm wondering how future acquisitions and mergers like this are going to
go down under the new executive order who I haven't given it much thought I in fact it was
the first thing I thought about when I saw the the buyouts and you know when the executive order
was announced I was reading through it and I was like this is really gonna stop some of these big
video game companies from acquiring the smaller guys just absorbing them I'm sure they'll find
loopholes it's I mean they'll find loopholes I'm not familiar enough with the executive order to
admittedly I heard that it was going on and I was I was certainly interested in the parts to talk
about net neutrality and getting that back and everything but would it seemed like it was meant
to close a lot of those loopholes that people have been getting through lately what if it was
a Japanese company though that wouldn't it well it would affect business dealings in the US this
is though I mean but Microsoft is a US company true true so it would certainly affect them I
guess my brain goes to all those you know people that love to have those rumors about Microsoft's
gonna buy a Japanese company with all these with all these buyouts they keep doing they're good
they're gonna buy Konami you hear that you know way too often sure Konami would love someone to
buy them but you know well so the other awesome thing though is the whole elimination of Internet
cancellation fees and that one's really big for me mm-hmm so that they'll be better competition
for internet providers so people can get basically access to better internet oh so companies can't
lock you into two-year agreements anymore I think that it's it's if they do have a contract for it
that the what they can charge you would be greatly reduced interesting and that they have to be a
hundred percent transparent for each area what their services entail and all of the costs hmm
I should read up on this I'm not you'd absolutely read up on it I'll find you the link yeah I also
I also I also can Google I don't need I don't need I am one of those people who doesn't need
someone else to Google it for me so I wanted to put a link in the chat anyway yeah fair enough
all right okay let's move on let's talk about the next story which I'm sorry there's a misspelling
there on the sidebar let's talk about The Witcher 3 not Wither 3 that's a different game
that's how people feel in front of that actor withered okay so I was just making a pun all
right anyway so let's talk about Witcher 3 DLC yes Witcher 3 I think many of us thought that that
game is done they're not going back to it why would they cyberpunk is the all the rage now so
why would they go back to The Witcher 3 well guess what they are going back to The Witcher 3 they're
going to be doing a free next-gen update later this year so that'll be kind of nice I imagine
they're not gonna totally you know revamp everything but they'll probably just make
it run a little better on the maybe better frame rate maybe some better textures or something
lighting ray tracing maybe on the new consoles we'll see but this is all part of Witcher con they
did announce that there will be a free next-gen updates that is kind of cool too is that you know
because many of you probably picked up The Witcher 3 for like 20 bucks for everything or God maybe
even cheaper at some point so it'll be a free upgrade and there's going to be DLC and it's
going to also be free and it's going to be inspired by the Netflix version of the series
which is really about the books and not the games but they didn't say a little more about like what
that's all gonna look like or whatever they just say ooh extra items hmm interesting so yeah and
there's actually a whole little teaser thing that says The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt complete edition
extra items inspired by the Netflix series with a little Netflix logo there so and then I think
they also dated season two of the Netflix series for this fall at some point right sorry I didn't
catch a specific date I'm sure somebody will shout it out in chat because they didn't really
follow season one sorry it's on my to-do list so yeah there's lots of stuff and then they also have
an anime that's coming to do they really I miss that yeah boy Netflix loves their video game
anime don't they well again I guess witchers technically books but we know we know the video
games helped that's for sure yeah I just wish the ingress anime was good yeah true you know I
skipped an ingress event today to be here with y'all on the show just because it would have
been appreciate your sacrifice yes thank you yes there was a thing in the Bay Area and I really
wanted to go to get my badge tick but I didn't because I didn't want to miss the show actually
I probably could have made the show but I didn't want to deal with the traffic to be honest so all
right um DJ Rama S and chat says Rob speaking of anime did you watch Sanrio boys yet no I need to
I need to I've seen y'all have sent me the pictures and everything I need to see it that's for sure
and my deft Oh interesting also brings this up my deft brings up go that Pokemon go fest is next
weekend and yeah that's a pretty big deal too I will be here for olr because thankfully they did
that Sunday is just the raids and I'm less like needy on those as I am the Saturday stuff where
they actually have all the different Pokemon and the collection challenges and all that they kind
of made Sunday really a footnote but we're actually gonna drive into San Francisco on
Saturday to play there because it'll only be like 60 some odd degrees in San Francisco on Saturday
where it's here it's gonna be like in the 90s again so yeah so go fast to Saturday I'll be
doing that but Sunday I'll be back in time for olr cuz I'm not gonna raid all day long so all right
let's move on Dara Sagra sure so well hackers gonna hack people are gonna try to make profit
off of whatever they can this a 27 year old guy in Japan was arrested after he was caught trying
to sell modified Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild save files he was advertising them as quote
describing it as the strongest software and provide modded save files that would give players
different improved abilities and difficult to obtain items the whatever the customer would
request he was requesting 3500 yen about 31 bucks for this service and so it was spotted by the
Niigata prefecture police and they arrested him on July 8th for violating the unfair competition
prevention law and after he was arrested he admitted to selling more modded saves and
software's in the past and that he had sold about 10 million yen about $90,000 in the last year and
a half and well the judicial system in Japan is quite a bit different than it is here it's usually
you're accused you're guilty that's how it works so like with very few exceptions so I don't know
what's gonna happen with this guy he's gonna have to pay a lot of fines if he's actually gonna go
to jail or what have you but hey don't don't do it don't sell modded files it's really not a new
thing anyway I mean people have modified a video game software for ages there's more Nintendo
actually used that law to sue a go-kart company in 2017 and a different man in Japan was arrested
for selling cheats for Alliance of valiant arms an online shooter the the deputy director his name is
Ozakawa he's of the cybercrime countermeasures division of the Niigata prefectural police he
asked folks not to create sell or buy modified save data or software it's I mean here you
wouldn't get a smackdown for it there it's a pretty big deal and like I said the judicial
system is pretty tough yeah it is very interesting how that's something that is so frowned on there
but here I don't I mean I don't know a lot of people that kind of like buy save files as it
is I don't know if there's a huge market for that here I mean it's the internet whatever but yeah
it's interesting how I mean it would have to be dealt with more of it in a civil manner here where
Nintendo would take somebody to court for selling like modified versions or whatever like if that
if that were something they were gonna even chase which they I don't think they really do unless
they tack it on to something else so yeah and did your own ass and chat brings up oh yeah Mari
car we talked about that on anime jam session shout out Tuesday nights yeah that's a little
different though that's more of like you know stealing your intellectual property versus like
I modified a game save I mean I guess I guess it's my intellectual property because it's a
game safe but like yeah that's like it's the same law ridiculous same law though yeah so so if I if
if just if I accuse them then they're guilty right so then I'm just gonna accuse them of
perpetuating joy-con drift then where's my billions of dollars you'd really need to look
there's actually a really good documentary about prisons in Japan that talks a lot about the
prosecution that if something actually goes to a prosecution you're pretty much gonna get put away
hmm all right well let's move on to something that may end up in a court somewhere Loki
yeah so this is interesting there's a brand new set of like cheap programs or software or
something like that that this cheat maker is basically saying is undetectable on consoles
and PC the reason it's undetectable it's at least that's what they're alleging is because
it actually involves like a separate PC so basically taking video from your console or
your PC and then kind of running that through a separate PC with this program that then I guess
adjust I don't know if it's I would assume it's connected to your input somehow but it allows
they basically to do all the aim botting and stuff like that via AI and machine learning and stuff
like that so interesting of course the game that they're promoting with this right now is Call of
Duty and you know Activision is not having that so they actually were advertising this on YouTube
and they've taken the ad down now it's been struck with a copyright claim by Activision Publishing
so yeah I can only imagine this is gonna end well but it is they're building better cheat software
you know they're getting around stuff like that it stuff like that is gonna be harder to detect
especially when it's not directly modifying the console it's basically like an in-between the
console and you know the player so good luck yeah but it's like I can I give the YouTube and
copyright strike stuff a lot of shit because it's it's way overused and it never is seems to be on
the side of the creators but I'll give them this one like that's a pretty clever way to get the
ad down for you know your game which you know again if you're gonna use these aim bot things
and you're using if you're using them in multiplayer environments like Call of Duty
I'm sorry you're the bad person here not Activision not YouTube you're the bad person here if you're
using them in single-player mode go off I don't give a fuck do whatever you want to do in
single-player mode it's when you use this stuff to intentionally try to grief other people or get a
leg up on something that to feel like you're good at something when you're not and you're just
cheating and everybody knows you're cheating and the more you get up the ladder the more that
that shit always comes out at the end of the day always comes out at the end of the day yes it
especially when you see like you know streamers and stuff like that getting caught with some of
this stuff it's it's ridiculous but yeah I don't I don't get the point of cheating to make it way
up a ladder to brag about how good you are the game because you you're not suck at the game you
suck at it you're quite bad yeah I think these people they just can't really they don't really
care they just know I know but but I beat you so you're just mad you know like yeah cry more
cry more nerd yeah that whole thing exactly yeah it's it's silly yeah I mean you know there's
people in you know the online game obviously dark soccer and I both I'm in both play wait
way too much of his dead by daylight and I see hackers in that game once in a great while but
I don't I don't give them the kindness of a reaction I give them a swift right-click block
I don't want to see this bitch again that's what that's it for me so all right yeah Alan had a
match yesterday where there were seven people in the match somehow yeah okay so I've seen videos
of like there was there was a thing going on for a little while where people were getting two
killers that's wild is this was I think a couple of releases ago but I was in fact as I think I was
seeing this on like a polyester video hmm where they were trying to figure out which killer had
the act of terror radius because only one of them did but both were affected by survivor actions
it was really crazy but this is actually a glitch but I think that there's something in there that
people have been exploiting yeah and I want no part of that like again if you're just gonna cheat
at a game like congrats you did nothing like you just you just wasted everybody's time congratulations
including yours yeah all right all right let's move on while dark soccer continues to give us
kiddie shots let's move on and talk about one more story here before we get into our classic of the
week will you can see there on the side that maybe we're doing something special tonight but we'll
get into that in a minute first we'll talk about Atari why not let's talk about who how many out
there got your Atari VCS no exactly but anyway that you see I've already got a PC so I didn't
buy one well guess what Atari is gonna be getting even more into PC stuff because Atari is said that
they are going to be getting away from mobile gaming a little bit this is a recent report from
games industry dot biz a statement by the new CEO Wade Rosen of Atari says quote our intent with give
with any gaming experiences to provide accessible and joyful moments of meaningful play that's
the core of Atari and what binds our history with our future to that end we feel that premium
gaming is better representative of this type of gaming experience and the Atari DNA so they're
going to be reducing the free-to-play mobile gaming stuff and concentrate instant on premium
PC and console gaming of course I we get like a new IP Atari I mean because like honestly they've
just been re-releasing their old stuff I'll take to death I'll take new games out of the old stuff
if they're good like right well I take a castle crystal castles like remade hell yeah but it
better be awesome you know there be ray-traced crystal castles I want to shine in those crystals
hell yeah exactly see that would be fun crystal castles I bet would make kind of an awesome
platformer type of game but what do I know anyway I guess there's let's see they're gonna sell or
shut down some of their mobile IPs including roller coaster tycoon stories crystal castles
I guess is on mobile I didn't even know that Atari combat tank theory and ninja golf didn't know that
wasn't it I guess that's one of those new IPs you can look forward to from Atari I don't think
no it is like the game was very good ninja golf was on this the 70 70 800 oh wow okay it was a
joke gone bad all right I didn't know it even dated back there Wow all right no word on the
Atari hotel though I'm still waiting on that one there is that by the way since we brought up Atari
y'all want to bring up in television sure it's been an interesting thing here's the thing so
they've had an interesting week on Twitter because Tommy's Tommy likes to talk and he'll of course
talk about top CEO of in television and now in the amico and all that stuff and he's he's kind of
he's cooked himself a little bit on Twitter by engaging in conversations he probably shouldn't
be having and he kind of knows this so look I'm gonna I'm gonna make this long story short not
that I think that Tommy listens to this show but I also kind of believe if you say his name three
times in the mirror he does have a tendency to show up to defend the amico so I will I will try
to risk here and here's my honest-to-god advice with Tommy and I'm not this isn't to like knock
him or anything we've had him on this show before I think he's a fascinating interviewer I think he
really are a fascinating interviewee I think he really believes in the product I I still I'm I
pre-ordered that amico I'm interested in it I'm curious what it's gonna do my honest advice though
in television needs to have some more spokespeople and not just one because when you put everything
in the hands of one person that's when things can make or break for everybody if you know what
I mean right look at a company like Nintendo Nintendo didn't just have Reggie Fils-Aime
or intent Nintendo had Satoru Iwata rest in peace by the way I believe today is the anniversary of
his passing if I'm not mistaken Nintendo had Miyamoto Nintendo had other vote now they have
Doug Bowser of course Nintendo has Nintendo also has Sakurai you know and I you know and all that
and the memes the great memes of please do not ask me for this again a good gaming company has
lots of different spokespeople to promote the product and I think this is something in television
if the events of the past week and everything I think really shows they really need that and if
Tommy's not willing to have that I think that's and here's the thing I'm sure the response would
be something like but but but we have these developers over here we have this over and this
goes back to one of our big golden rules here at OLR and that is the truth doesn't matter it's
what's perceived that matters and there's only one person out there doing interviews on Amico
right now as far as we can all see so my strong advice get some other people out there to really
show that this system is for more than one person all right anyhow let's Oh see dark to see you says
I do love the ideas he was bringing to the table yeah I'm not knocking the system or anything like
ice I and I do think when he argues you should try it before you knock it I think that is a fair
request 100% and I I completely agree there's probably a lot of youtubers out there who want
to see this thing fail who have no intention of ever trying it or giving it a chance which again
hurts developers at the end of the day so again that's why my my suggestion is show more of those
people show some of these other people contributing to this system success and I think maybe you'll
get a different result a little bit there but dark to see it does agree everything that I'm
saying tire con chat says in television needs a PR agent unfortunately they probably have one but
it's also one of those things where it's like sometimes you hire the person that lets you do
whatever you want hmm right yeah like such as I'm sorry I'm sorry to bring this individual up but
such as our former president you know he only hired people and surrounded that we're gonna
agree to everything you wanted anyway well until they absolutely couldn't yeah and until finally
you know it was all taken away but anyway let's move on let's let's move on to another let's let's
look back on fonder times let's go way way way back and look on some fonder times in our next
segment and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of something special it is a lot
more special and it is indeed a very special game we're doing a flag which is the fucking weird
arcade game and this one and I'm actually encompassing two together they're ones at sequel
but the game is called Sonic blast man and then the sequel Sonic blast heroes and I'm bringing up
specifically the arcade version because the arcade version is the weird one so basically you have a
setup where it's you've got this target in front of you that you punch and you punch it at certain
intervals in the game imagine like a reverse punch mania I guess for people who have actually played
a punch mania so it's you basically are playing a superhero and you have different well different
rescues that you have to perform and so you have to basically hit the enemies and different targets
and you in each target has a number of tons of resistance and so once you've depleted that ton
of resistance they'll be defeated so you have a pair of gloves and this mechanical punch pad so
you have to wear the gloves and punch strongly enough to deal the damage only three hits are
allowed so you have five stages and then they're like mostly typical rescuing of people scenarios
you have a woman who is being assaulted by a thug you have a baby carriage pushed into the middle of
the freeway by accident and that a truck will run over an armed group that takes control of the
building and is now the center of operations you have a giant crab terrorizing a cruise ship and
an asteroid that's set to crash into the earth now an interesting thing about this and if you're
watching the the video this is a words this one is a sonic blast heroes that we're watching but
it the in 1995 the original was recalled because of players who sustained injuries by playing the
game and then the Consumer Product Safety Commission said that Taito had to pay a fine
a fifty thousand US dollars for failing to disclose the injuries and of course what we're
seeing here is that we are looking at now the the the official sequel sonic blast heroes with
new touched-up graphics and you know that's basically still the same the same kind of game
so it did get a console release and who knows maybe this will get its own classic game segment
but it came out on the SNES as a beat-em-up and in this one you have to save earth from different
kinds of forces like street gangs and terrorists and aliens and robots and evil clone called heavy
blast man and it's a one player only I mean it's a beat-em-up there are also bonus levels that are
adaptations of the arcade version so since there's no like punch pad for strength you have to repeat
repeatedly rotate the d-pad it was it was definitely censored for the u.s. in Japan you
had female enemies in the u.s. you did not and it actually had a sequel as well on SNES sonic
blast man to you with different player characters that you had so actually there is the actual
sequel to sonic blast man is called it's more like a spiritual sequel called real puncher very
similar to the original game that has like a photo mode for the places for the faces of people in
each of the levels and it was released outside the side of Japan as a ticket redemption game so so
yes and then there's the other sequel so yeah there were more than one sequel so sonic blast
heroes was announced in 2010 in February and it hit the arcades around the same time and outside
of Japan it was called real puncher 2 and that's it weird-ass game they should make a one punch
band spin off of this game they should I mean it would fit since but for him you could only get one
punch you've got timing yeah I I apologize as I ran away to the restroom while you're talking
about this game but if you have you actually played this game out of curiosity this one yeah
yes nice what I feel like I've seen it and it hurt my wrist oh no all right all right well there
it is your plan oh go ahead and to answer gg around my ass and I don't know if he sent this
comment before I read that it was um wasn't sonic blast man one of the first games for super
Nintendo and yeah and that's the one I was talking about it was pretty early for the system it wasn't
one of my favorites to play out of the end of the beat em up so I was more of a final fight person
but it wasn't bad and I was glad that they could at the time that I played it I didn't know that it
was an arcade game I got to play one at it was at some little indie arcade that happened to have
one and then like I hurt myself after I played it and I decided not to play it again the end
all right we'll keep those flags coming that was a fun one so yeah there it is your classic flag
of the month all right a pair a pair a matching pair this this month all right let's get in excuse
me hiccups let's get into our rapid-fire news segment here I have some coffee brewing so I'm
gonna go grab that so let's get right to Loki and some rapid-fire news so Pokemon go is making lots
of money they've ranked are rigged in so far five billion dollars since launch so I'd say the game
successful I guess or maybe it's dead you know Pokemon goes dead that's what really we should be
taken away from this and then there was a new world or a couple of world records set for a
collection of old retro I guess LCD games so Linda Gilroy's she's got two different records
for one for having a collection of almost 1600 LCD gaming systems which is pretty awesome and
then also two thousand four hundred and thirty playable gaming systems so I'm assuming consoles
outside of that she's uh she's got more than love than Jamie's vault there so no I don't know
where's your world record for that but yeah so it's pretty cool to see the collection that she
has they have a video on YouTube about it and stuff so definitely worth checking out but yeah
those LCD games are pretty awesome group on that stuff so yeah I remember playing a I used to have
a Castlevania to Simon's Quest LCD game not as old as some of the like relaxing and stuff that
they're showing but fun stuff I used to love those LCD games I don't think I owned a lot of them
myself but I love those games and that's an impressive I didn't even know they made that
many of them so very impressive collection we just have to collect all those little mini
cabs now they can get a world record for that yeah I'm sure somebody's got me beat there
because there's too many of them now like somebody sent me a little um like it's like the tiny arcade
and it was like I was Hello Kitty pac-man or something like that and as neat as it looked
those really really tiny ones that are almost like keychain size they're not my favorite but
I guess when you're collecting things you still want them all you know so you know so because I
have a few of them so but yeah I didn't I didn't want to go seek out one of these Hello Kitty ones
but I like like the one that Alan got me a few weeks ago live on the show you know they're they're
pretty impressive now yeah the Galaga tabletop arcade went up oh really I don't know you guys
got yeah I think we got it like way dirt cheap you probably when when Loki was on here going
there 50 bucks at Walmart right now you probably jumped on one of those yeah I think Dan got it
somewhere else but but yeah it was it's pretty cool that's awesome yeah I'm hoping I'll have
some more space soon to expand those a little bit but I'll talk about that later all right let's
move on and travel around the world and check out some really oh I'm sorry we've been I'm sorry no
we need to do dark soccer's rapid-fire news then we do really dark soccer yeah that's okay um so
there is these pictures have been posted of an Animal Crossing monopoly and I mean it looks
pretty legit I mean it's got all the right stuff on the boxes it said that it was I mean some people
are saying that it's a rumor but I mean apparently Hasbro released one but Nintendo Hasbro or
Nintendo hasn't said anything about it yet there is a list for the game on Zato games UK website
for it but the reddit user that talked about it posted some pictures of the game and so we have
like Isabel inside the box welcome to your deserted island getaway and it has the cards
has a little punch outs for bells and coins and fruit and fossils you have four little figures
which there's only one girl and she's wearing pink which is terrible but the box looks really
cute the the back of it looks really cute I mean it seems fairly likely so I guess that you're
using your your fossils and whatnot little tokens instead of houses and whatnot so oh yeah probably
yeah SSG 100 Matt suggests is mr. Resetti jail you know I didn't look hold on because I'm gonna
look at the I'm looking at the play field no they know they he's not on there they cheaped
out by having just the traditional go-to-jail thing but it really should have been poor
Resetti yeah he really got a raw deal in this latest he's traumatized an entire series of
childhoods you know yeah and I love him for it mm-hmm so the other story here there you know we
we've every so often brought up different unopened games we have an unopened Legend
of Zelda from 1997 and it does look like it's a gold cartridge sold for 87 hunt no sorry for
eight hundred seventy thousand dollars and of course heritage auctions in Dallas put the is
what hosted the sale and the same auction house is the same one that sold the unopened copy of
Super Mario Brothers that someone forgotten his desk drawer since 1986 but yeah I mean if you
maybe I should never have removed the shrink shrink wrap from my copy of guitar ooh man
maybe we should sell an NFT of episode one let's do it well so we'll sell just enough so that we
can get pizza that's probably that's probably how much it would ultimately go for would just
buy a pizza maybe two we should hey if someone buys us a pizza we'll give you the first episode
no no no no I'm kidding I do not send you do not we'll send you a screenshot from the old webcam
you are not Homer Simpson and you are not selling the show for a forbidden donut I'm joking I mean
like just like an audio clip I'm like audio clips that would be NFT worthy but I forbid those from
ever happening did your MS says you can actually do that it's called treat stream no we're not
we're not getting any NFT business I don't until until it makes sense to me we're not getting into
that you want to really impress us get people to listen to the show I'll sell a pair of my
socks for like a good pizza I'm so excited for conventions to come back so I can actually like
tell people about this show again that'd be very nice we can maybe get some more listeners well
um next year though I mean I'm planning a derpy con and and dragon con although I really want to
do twitch con now oh yeah twitch con would be a lot oh my god twitch con would be off the hook I
really now I really want to do that yeah yeah I doubt it's gonna happen this year because that
would be a little soon because yeah that usually that was in like October November I think and I
think we would have heard by now if they plan on doing that but yeah 2022 for sure that'd be great
and I know some local cons are starting back up like there's gonna be a I think there's a sinister
con out in Roseville in August and I'll probably just show up say hey I don't think I'm doing it
official capacity there but November 14th is glitch con oh where's that at it's online okay
yeah nice let's see pod culture says trying to suss out how to get that click out which I think
is actually a response to editing a particular past episode of our show but I think it's a good
we're trying to suss out and get the click out that is exactly what we're trying to do for OLR
as well so I read it anyway there it is Carlos spanak topia a spin spin a copita sorry I'm
totally butchering that says DC one is weekend of anakopita spanakopita Carlos spanakopita
it's kind of copita is right no it's a delicious Greek spinach and feta pastry in filo dough and
it's absolutely one of my favorite foods I think I have I think I have had one of those before so
good the DC one is DC which which DC one twitchcon no I think just maybe a convention I don't cuz I
know twitchcon East was supposed to be earlier in the year damn it no I want spanakopita actually
may have some frozen in my fridge all right now we can move on and travel the world and check out
some release dates in a segment called world release dates we'll start with the US Loki not
much coming up this week so we've got monster hunter stories 2 wings of ruin on PC Nintendo
switch blaster master 0 2 on Xbox one Xbox series X oh shit that's right the trials of mana on iOS
and Android f1 2021 on PC PlayStation 4 PlayStation 5 Xbox one and Xbox series X and last but not
least the Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword HD on Nintendo switch that's it nice I love those
blaster master games I mean I already have them on switch so I don't know if I'll get them on Xbox
I'll I'll wait to see if they go to Game Pass I'll be on games probably I know so I'll wait for
that but yeah those those were some good remakes so I would recommend those yes I would all right
moving on to Japan and checking out some releases there there's a few more games out there this week
on the Nintendo switch everyone's spelunker is out this week as well as one neon pet shop kawaii pet
it's coming out this week oh I bet that'll be fun and then now we have oh boy I'm gonna butcher this
one if you thought I had a hard time pronouncing great Greek pastries wait for this one monster
whoa tau shi te su yoi can ya yuri whoa tainy shin asai you sha taiga mao whoa tausu sono he
whoa Shinji tmatsu that is one good the well well is pronounced oh oh it's a participle but I don't
know what game this is it doesn't look familiar to me but I don't have time to play everything
but it is about where you get invited to tear not bark a magical kingdom where fairy swords and
magic resides and you can meet brave adventures who wish for their next quest and then you have
to get the hidden treasures of the seven demon Kings I mean if that doesn't sound like one of
the most generic stories it looks fun it looks cute a winks must will tell shits so you a Kenya
Yoroi Oh tennis shinsai you should you should tie a gun mouth Oh Charles's oh no he oh god pop
up thank you pleasure sooner he'll Shinji Tim us cinch Tim us yeah and why do I do the Japanese
dates again all right because it's funny it looks like it's two games it was funny 15 years ago all
right it's two games is it two games two games in one yeah oh okay okay okay I got it that's why
all right we also have a game called crayon shin-chan is coming out this week as well
grand change on so it's cool earth defense force 2 is coming out in Japan for the Nintendo switch
how about that and an English version of the Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword oh that's oh
obviously okay it's it's the same game coming everywhere else oh I just translated it huh make
sure that you have a strong armor I'm confident that I'm going to have a good time okay that's
what the translation I'm gonna put that on my next party invite oh no it's something about no
hold on hold on hold on so it's not it I'm gonna actually fix something real quick cuz I assure
you I've stopped caring about this game well I'm you know me I have to know all the things it's
fine let me finish some more dates here on the PlayStation 5 control in Japan as well as Metro
Exodus these are I think re-releases of like ultimate complete edition meaning that DLC is
included and then on the PlayStation 4 this week everyone's spelunker as well as another
Kemco RPG selection they've had a lot of those released over there this one has a as divine
cross alfadia Genesis to ruin verse chroma quarter nyan I found the actual translation
by the way okay what is it cuz that's it that's it for dates for me cuz it's a series it's done
hold on hold on hold on okay so it stands for defeat monsters and acquire strong swords and
armor I believe in the day the heroes defeat the demon Lord it's been shortened to Mon you
that's oh so that you just caught Mon you for short that's it all right how about Europe all
right on the 13th we have worms rumble the worms in there look like like toes I'm just gonna say
it now on the 16th and all the rest of these are on the 16th we have Super Bomberman are farming
simulator 17 ambassador edition observer system Redux Hotline Miami collection f1 2021 where the
heart leads the switch the switch joy con pair the Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword so nice and of
course Skyward Sword HD all right so I'm sure that Zelda Skyward Sword is gonna catch a lot of
attention this week but we'll see all right let's move on we have some more stories for you and then
we'll get to your feedback in the listener roundtable I don't know if we have emails
tonight though I haven't checked there I haven't looked actually all right we'll find out meanwhile
Loki though there is a rumor that the PlayStation Vita store is going to be I don't know if it's
closed down or at least not releasing new games after July 20th this is coming from the developer
of a game called Russian subway dogs who is basically porting his game from PC to the Vita
but basically the developer Miguel Cerber has been rushing to finish it because he had heard
a rumor said it's gonna be switched off in 2021 but basically saying that you know right now it's
kind of a passion project of his to get it translated but yeah I don't know where the
July 20th date necessarily gets mentioned here but I do know that at least he's trying to rush
to get it done but that's the rumor date for right now so we'll have to see what happens with that
you know wasn't this the whole wasn't this the whole thing like about a year ago that Sony was
threatening to close down this store in the PlayStation 3 store and people really were up
in arms about it because there wouldn't be a way to play a lot of those classics if the store goes
down there's still a lot on PlayStation 3 you can't get anywhere else so it's interesting that
this is coming back now yeah I'm still trying to like the developer doesn't necessarily mention
the July 20th date so I'm just trying to figure out where they get that from so I don't know but
we'll see we'll see what happens it's not that long from now all right well a game I never shut
up about here on OLR is Final Fantasy 14 and I never shut up about it because I really enjoy it
I don't know if I enjoy it this much but I bet other people do to the extent that they would buy
a cookbook based on Final Fantasy 14 it's interesting the cookbook is for 14 and not 15 15
yeah exactly but to be I kind of think there already is one for 15 to be honest what so there
is that going on so yeah a Final Fantasy 14 cookbook was spotted and I guess it was named
something a little bit more generic but some digging from good old warrior of 64 on Twitter
found out that this book is slated to launch on November 9th 2021 it has a forward written by
Naoki Ishida and it's gonna cost about $35 of course we don't know what recipes if popoto soup
or whatever are going to be in there but I guess stay tuned for all the details on that sometimes
these things come with like a special code for an in-game item as well and that'll make it more
desirable this was also a reminder to myself to bring up the benchmark that just came out over
the weekend for Endwalker but I already talked about that earlier in the show so I guess I don't
need to say that again but dark soccer this might be something that interests you maybe maybe I mean
I like I like video game cookbooks a whole lot so it is a it is a fun little niche right like it's
like not something you see a lot but it's kind of funny when it's there so no one special 77 in
chat says if it isn't in the cookbook there should be a recipe for KFC Kentucky fried chocobo not
funny anyway fifth dream says who wrote the cookbook I was helping the author of the Wow
cookbook the GOT cookbook gather recipes from 14 and 15 but nothing came of it yet she wrote a
Star Wars cookbook too I don't have the name in front of me I'm sorry I cuz I don't know if I
think it's they're finding figuring this all out from the Amazon description for an untitled
project so I don't know if they actually know who the author of it is yet but that would be
really interesting if the same person so all right let's move on dark soccer so I'm saying
this with with the hope that we don't get into the big police discussion but it is going to touch
on it so I'm leaving a trigger warning for that right now so there the the New York Police
Department is rolling out this thing called a game truck they've already done it once but they want
us there there say their goal is to connect with youth particularly in low-income neighborhoods so
they said it's like a like an olive branch of sorts to sort of repair a relationship because
there's been so much deserved mistrust so the chief of community affairs for the department
has said and I'm just gonna read the the quote we're coming to your block we're coming out to
your neighborhood make sure our young people have a safe summer a safe place and know that
NYPD is here to support them so the truck has different gaming consoles including switches
ps5s Xbox Series X and they just want to connect to the young people that's what they said it's
painted with various Marvel characters and the word NYPD game truck I don't know what comic book
characters really have to do with video games apart from there being video games that contain
comic book characters but whatever you know that's when you let non gamers decide you know
do your marketing well it was free candy anyway they're they're saying that this is trying to
engage with the youth for extracurricular activities the first truck was spotted over
the July 4th weekend in the north end of Manhattan's East River Park near several of
the New York City Housing Authority buildings there's another truck in Bushwick neighborhood
it there now here's what the critics are saying is that there are people who want to think that
this is well-intentioned but it's another reflection and it's actually stated by
oleami olorian has a public defender with the Legal Aid Society not AIDS but Aid Society that
they try to intertwine themselves into the communities quote it's really it's really
just another means of indoctrinating people into believing the police are necessary and have to be
around and it's another way in which the same communities are forced to have constant police
presence end quote there's also some practices they like for example in 2018 they were questioning
a 12 year old boy suspected of committing a felony they gave him a soda from McDonald's the
interview was over the boy was let to go but they recovered the straw and entered his DNA into a
database it didn't link him to any crimes the family had to petition a court to have it removed
but I mean they're breaking laws so they're thinking that because of incidents like this
that they might be using these kids going into the the vans or whatever as a means to collect
DNA another quote by Marianne Kyshian who is a senior policy counsel with Brooklyn Defender
Services her quote says for decades the NYPD has aggressively sought to target and serve survey
New Yorkers particularly young black and brown people and to harvest and catalog their DNA in
the secretive internal archives such as the gang database and rogue DNA database it it may seem a
little bit what's what I'm thinking of almost conspiracy theory is except the fact that they
have done it before they're over survey survey doing over surveillance basically taking up some
predatory practices at least according to a lot of people NYPD didn't respond to any requests for
comments on this and none of the associated facilities have but there was I mean but it was
you know said by at the time the chief of detectives German Shay night in 2018 that there
is the NYPD criminal group database or quote gang database that was made up of 99% non-white people
particularly black and Latino young men with children as young as 13 years old being added
into it so there is definitely precedent for it however I'm going to go on the fence with this
one I think that it is a well intentioned plan you know and I think trust does need to be rebuilt
but I think they have to earn that trust you know they have to do more to earn the trust and I don't
think putting out a truck with video games to get some kids into play is gonna do it they need to be
massive overhauls yep I'm gonna I'm gonna just say agree and I'm gonna read some chat comments
that I think are pretty please please read Ron was our yeah our New York fam is lighting up on this
so yes of course I'll start with Rama so Rama says so let me say this since I live in NYC and
I'm a targeted person lol I think this is a good idea because the NYPD does have community
initiatives some are saying that this is a trap to suss out gang members I don't defend the NYPD
but I feel they're trying we just need better people in the NYPD to help with this I want to
read SHO 100 Matt's comment as well basically you got to go a long way to gaining trust in
communities gaming truck is nice and all but you got to have decades of trust to regain for some
folks and that's kinda that's kind of where my head is out with it is I and I think the the
well-intentioned part is is accurate it's one of those it's a especially when you paint Marvel
characters on the side of it and somebody in Chad had also said how do you do fellow kids with that
whole thing yeah there is a part of me that kind of like gold star you tried you get the you tried
start you it's well-intentioned you tried but it doesn't address the real issues it makes me think
of I'm gonna put it this way imagine you have a diabetic foot with neck necrotic tissue on it
now imagine just putting a band-aid and send me a spore and on it that's what this feels like to
me you might feel better for a little bit and that one little part might get a little bit better but
there's still a big festering necrotic wound underneath it that needs to well and when you
get to that point you need to cut some things out of it and replace things with good good tissue or
packaging or you know prosthetics at that point that's my thought about it is that it might not
be enough you've got to get and I know this is very broad and generalized you need to get the the
damaged tissue removed you need to remove the people who are going along with it who are
silencing others and are focusing on their own personal gain and personal power and we need to
bring back a police that is held accountable and also fairly holds itself accountable so that's my
two cents on it this is this is a very small this is a little bit of gauze and Neosporin where what
you need is like debridement and yeah um deejirama s in chat saying basically agreeing with what you
said but also wanting to say Marvel is popular and Marvel is in NYC so in a way it does make
sense that way all right I'll give you that bonds 006 was to chime in to saying also living here in
NYC Rama and I can speak volumes I have literally seen one of those gaming trucks six doors down
from my door right across a basketball court and slash school building interesting and Rama wanted
to add we'll get one more comment here from Rama and then we'll move on saying and I grew up in the
projects you know the bad part of town the parts of town where the cops are a lot which causes a
lot of these issues all I can say is that you have to live here to understand it so yeah but even if
you can you can listen to people as well and learn some stuff from the people that are there
and stuff that's why y'all's comments please bear in mind that Marvel is a lot more than just the
films where they're filmed has nothing to do with the comics all right just saying um let's go ahead
and move on to our next story because this is uh this is one of those things where I'm like wow
but also not surprised Loki I don't know how to set this up for you but it's all I have to say
is the word is de nouveau and so you know it makes sense that one we had a cracking group called
Empress remove the DRM including Dean nouveau from Resident Evil 8 they're doing the Lord's work
it not only allowed them to play it without DRM but also allowed them to play without the
stuttering issues that they've been having in the game since back in May and apparently like all the
game in-game stutters when you kill zombies or whatever been fixed because cap comes DRM entry
points have been patched out so most of their functions are never executed anymore this results
in a much smoother gameplay experience like that that's a problem when your DRM causes performance
in game and the pirates are having a better game experience than your actual paid customers that's
how you that's how you get more pirates Capcom so maybe cut it out yeah this this whole thing speaks
volumes you know and I can't stop laughing at dark soccer saying they're doing the Lord's work
but in a way they are because it's one of those things where if the game runs better without it
it just encourages people to look into these types of things that perhaps they would have wouldn't
have looked into otherwise that's bad especially if Capcom can't lock that shit up now like now
then this story is just gonna spread and people are gonna see this headline oh how do I get
Resident Evil 8 to run better on my system oh I just steal it I see this is not a great situation
for Capcom and it's a really not great thing for due to ovo or whatever but people need to stop new
oh yeah new vote to get get out oh that's I it's it's terrible and I know we've never heard a good
story about it look I understand that companies want to protect their shit and I do not endorse
piracy here but when this types of stuff happens it is very embarrassing for all these companies
that it's like it's it's so obviously shines a spotlight on what the flaw is in the game when
it's impacting performance like that yeah and we're not seeing that people are pirating the
game necessarily with the cracked version you can crack a paid version as well and you know if your
consumer that wants to play the game you know not broken ethic ethically and ethically too yeah
yeah fifth dream in chat says I wonder how many other crappy ports of stuff was caused by the
copy protection well in this case it seems to be most of the blame is the Capcom DRM but didn't
have also sucks man how I sometimes miss the days I've turned to page 5 in the manual and type the
third word on the fourth line that would be defeated I guess that doesn't anymore these days
nope or the or the god what was it some of the Sierra games had the copy proof paper it was like
the dark red paper maybe was a Sierra I don't know but there's some company that had like the
I know dark red you couldn't copy it this is funny all right let's move on orange right in
chat says dial-a-pirate I love dial-a-pirate all right moving on let's talk about oh I think this
is actually last story we have tonight for our listener roundtable it's a story about robot
wrote not roadblocks but roblox they've just formed a deal with Sony to help with some of
the music issues now remember this was a thing that was starting to sneak up on on roblox was
how they were getting dragged off over all these copyright problems I'm sure it's snuck up on them
they weren't totally aware of all of the rampant piracy and copyright theft on their service maybe
okay the courts are sneaking up on them and the legal stuff is starting to okay so anyway now
they are on their way to get some music deals because of the 200 million dollar lawsuit over
copyright violations so roblox has unveiled a team-up with Sony music so this will allow the
label artists to be on the game platform the two will collaborate in innovative music experiences
apparently there's going to be a Lil Nas X concert in November can I just pause the show to
have a appreciation moment for Lil Nas X I realize I realize um what he's doing is is uh very um you
know it's it's causing some people to go that's a little much for television that's a little much
but you know what it is fucking fascinating to me fucking fascinating to me that when Lil Nas X
kisses a dude during a performance on the BET awards or whatever that was that happened was
certainly alive where that happened too I don't know but in his live performances where that is
happening they will show that clip and stop it right before that moment happens and then
immediately run the clip from the video music awards from like 15 years ago when Madonna kissed
Britney and Christina Aguilera but they don't censor that one what's the difference what's
the difference one makes the straight white males uncomfortable
does does Lil Nas X make you uncomfortable no I don't care I'm insane and and why not
I think he's super cute I and why does Lil Nas X not make you uncomfortable this is and this I'm
not interrogating you I I think you actually are a model you're a model heterosexual I want other
heterosexuals to hear this what why are you not bothered by Lil Nas X who cares who he's kissing
he's not kissing me I don't care that's a TV oh my god a lot what a logical conclusion Loki that
is very you're right you're right it doesn't affect you you're right it's amazing outstanding
it's like I seriously think like some of the like mindset people have about this like stupid people
let's be clear it's absolute stupid people it's just like oh my god if I watch this I'm gonna be
gay you know like it's it's stupid people I'm sorry and there's a lot of stupid people in this
country unfortunately and around the world yeah you want to know what makes you gay mass effect
kidding so look I just but I will say all that I I think Lil Nas X like the way he's responding
to his critics is on point and I wish there was somebody like him that I had when I was younger
because when I was younger all we had was Madonna and that's why Madonna is such a gay icon for
people around my age is because she was the person that was basically like I'm gonna you know do this
stuff and be unapologetic I'm gonna be unapologetically me whether you like it or not
mm-hmm so anyway sorry little bit I didn't mean for a Roblox story to get me on this tangent
but here we are it is a well are all right that's what we do that's true I'm gonna go on a tangent
so my kids or my my son's actually taking the class a coding class for Roblox this week which
is kind of fun these are excited about that but they've been knee deep in uh Brookhaven which is
a game on Roblox and tell me about all the lore and stuff that happens it's like some
roleplay game thing where you get to pretend to be like rich people or kids or I don't know
something hmm now I know who Lil Nas X is and that's who's doing the concert in Roblox in
November I do not know who Zara Larsson is can a young person explain this to me who is who's
Zari Larsson that is a they are getting a launch party in May whoever that is sorry um I'm getting
to that age y'all I need do we have some 20-somethings out there in the audience can
somebody explain to me who is that who should now I feel like I'm the Dionne Warwick talk show and
I'm inviting the guest on who are you and why should I care about you like what have you seen
that sketch of Saturday Night Live because that's like my favorite thing anyway uh oh see see the
chat is already lighting up I don't know who this is I'm sorry she's a Swedish pop icon oh no wonder
no wonder my comment just rubbed you the wrong way
let's see bonds 006 says Rob we need a younger audience to connect with uh I guess I just can't
listen to all of the music in the world like sorry especially pop music I'm not listening to any of
that but if it's Swedish I'll honestly if it's Swedish pop I will probably there's a larger
chance I'll probably like it like to be to be fair and you know what there was there was a date so
there Carlos there was a date and time when I didn't know who Carly Rae Jepsen was
but then I had it explained to me and I listened to some of the songs I was like oh
yes queen go off sis I guess all of that
so maybe I'll do this she won she won one of the Got Talent shows oh did she uh okay okay
all right um moving on let's see what else I want to see about the Roblox store this really wasn't
supposed to be old man yells at cloud but here we are he said it not me and I'm older uh they
you do but you're you're young you're young at heart and hip anyway um yes this is not yeah
along with my broken hip I'm uh this is not the first deal Roblox is made there was a deal with
bmg and warner as well uh so universal is the only big label that hasn't signed an agreement
yet so this could bode well for Roblox um why doesn't like youtube do something like this or
why doesn't twitch yeah I think that would be great there you go um Carlos says Rob you'll
like it I need to get you on the Nordic pop queens um I already listened to Robin what else do I need
really
I love Robin all right excuse me I'll keep dancing on my own and like it
actually and legit um before the pandemic actually it was probably about a year before the pandemic
I saw Robin live in Oakland on the tour for her latest album that is not Swedish that is legit
one of the who said she's Irish and it's not Swedish no bonds 006 is
listening like pop music I'm like uh no that's she's she's Irish
Carlos uh says I mean Robin was your era since she started glowing up in the 90s
was that shade was that do we need the shade button was that shade I don't think it was
intended shade it was more like a passing cloud I don't read it as such it's fine
it was a little bit of fog rolling in that's fine no one special 77 says
Roxette and ace of base yo now we're fucking talking now we're fucking talking Roxette
that was my era that oh and mine too there's plenty to go around share you know it was funny
those like Roxette and ace of base were my guilty pleasures because I was still like radio head
Pearl Jam you know Soundgarden all of the stuff that came out of the grunge revolution and then
I was also listening to Ace of Base I'm living proof you can have one foot in goth industrial
and you can have the other foot in DDR music okay I'm living proof there's nothing wrong with it
well and also like like mid-90s j-pop um Carlos and chat says if I recall correctly members of
Ace of Base are problematic now yeah some things happen one of them had a problematic past yeah
I'm trying to just uh remember what I remember in the 90s so that's uh that's how I look at that
um and then um well it's like I own some jeffree star makeup that I bought before I knew what a
piece of shit he was I'm not selling it because it was expensive I'm not throwing it away because
I paid money for it but I'm not gonna buy anymore I'm just gonna transition this to listener
roundtable because that's essentially what we're doing right now uh we have other comments in
chat bonds 006 says Soundgarden Radiohead P.O.D. Chevelle Rob Zombie Tattoo I stopped now that is
okay like like at least half of those I at least own one album by them for sure um let's see um
uh moving on uh shad star six in chat saying the new world ends with you has this goth synth pop
song and it's one of my favorites from the demo that okay but speaking of like goth and
synth pop coming together that's why I love echo image so much that's what that band is
echo a different drum was kind of a goth label like I guess I know a lot of synth pop it was
it would that blend was like that so I that's why they're one of my favorites
I mean and there is goth synthwave I mean the whole uh uh retro new wave movement which is
kind of like sort of my thing right now there's a lot of crossover into like the goth uh uh
I'd say uh what's the word I'm thinking of like the umbrella of goth yeah it branches out to so
many different things I mean because you have your old industrial I mean
it it's always been married absolutely that's what the cure is to me the cure is
I'm thinking really like they're not you're probably the synth pop I know you're talking
more like a epoxy berserk and things like that and um the other one okay so before we did olr
um I used to go to goth club all the time no I've told this story before that was my Sunday night
was goth nights at the rage which is doesn't even there anymore I went to the other one this is
funny but yeah in midtown but I remember the asylum was what they called it asylum always
closed out every night the lat one of the last songs they would play was wilsham once in a
lifetime that you remember that that's where my bachelorette party ended up oh yeah yeah yeah
at asylum uh-huh that was my bachelorette party yeah but there was um they got the
dj to play echo image right when yeah I remember that I think that was Jessica that did that too
got the dj to play echo image like and and um the guy actually liked it and put it in his rotation
for a couple months which I thought was yeah it just that was right around the time a ddr
ultra mix 2 came out so yeah it's awesome oh love that um let's see uh fifth dream says I
miss goth night but the pandemic puts so many goth nights on twitch um bonds 006 says no love
for grunge music no I just I didn't maybe follow it as much yeah no just say that I did yeah um
I don't I probably didn't listen to as much of it but you kind of you you listen to it I don't
know when I was growing up in the 90s I was doing a little bit of everything honestly you know you
go to my collection and you would see things like like pm dawn and radio head elanis uh just any
anything and everything anyhow um let's see
um by the way shane help us answer an earlier question in the show uh the oled switch somebody
asked if you like were gonna fight people to pre-order it and I was kind of like I think
shane is gonna get it but he had to kind of talk himself into it a little bit he wasn't like
oh my god I gotta get one right away after seeing the trailer
um fifth dream says stone temple pilots pj ten oh I thought you were gonna say pj harvey
now that was up my alley in the 90s so you know my other 90s group though that I was like way into
and still am um luscious jackson oh I love luscious jackson heck yeah well I mean like my
two like personal theme songs I'd say from them is uh lady fingers and daughters of the chaos
uh such a such a good group um fifth dream said nick cave fuck yes cave oh my god that
nick and the duet he did with kylie yes so actually oh legit though my favorite
nick cave song is the ship song which is like a slow bow I love that song anyway all right
you know you know who I always had like this mental impression of the most interesting duet
ever would have been leonard cohen and nick cave could you just imagine surprised that
ever happened yeah um okay now lady fingers does like my personal theme song just to tell
shad stars like that um and shane's in chat and wants to say I will be getting it the oled switch
yes I went back and forth because it's only a screen upgrade but then I realized I barely play
it docked so there was so okay so I didn't mischaracterize that there was a little back
and forth he didn't just say oh I'm getting it because it's new and shiny uh he had to
talk himself into it a little bit all right anyway uh moving on uh I was gonna get to our email I
don't think we have any tonight we don't have any let me shout let me shout it out anyway participate
at orange lounge radio.com but sadly there are no emails to read tonight but maybe we'll get some in
the future that means I get to have a quick drag race tangent because I'm watching all star six
I'm actually watching it I need to buy it is it any good um buy it oh oh yeah because you that's
right you download by episode I have paramount plus but um actually yes because give me your
login okay I will just remind me and I will um the thing I like about it is that it's not
like what I was really starting to get turned off with with drag race was it was just drama drama
drama drama manufactured drama and all star six is surprising considering this is a cast that has
eureka silky nutmeg ganache and some of the queens that are kind of known for that stuff
like honestly redemption is a very strong theme this season and people like silky nutmeg ganache
know exactly how they were received by the public and they are doing everything they can to change
it does she still draw her brows on with a sharpie um I just I just prefer to talk about the milk and
cookies in her titties but anyway that is okay that is uh that that's that's my quick tangent
on drag race is that I'm actually enjoying all star six and what's really surprised me is some
of the queens that are doing well were not the ones I was expecting to so it's very very
interesting yeah this is a very redemption based season so message me and I'll I'll do a little
marathon um yeah you you just you I'll call you later but you have to you have to because you're
going to probably stream after the show tonight so I'll probably do it tomorrow yeah but you have
to go and log in and then you get an activation code and then I put in the code that's how got
you yeah all right cool all right I'll uh I'll tell Dan we'll get that set up okay cool yeah I
don't care just watch whatever you want I just uh don't do it on Thursdays when they release them
because that's when I watch them but okay I think we're the only other person I'm sharing with is
only on it for Star Trek so I don't think that's a problem right now so I want to watch that too so
binge away have fun all right all right anyway uh let's move on um oh I there was a big old
question here from no one special I want to make sure I get that here no one special always tries
to come up with a good question for the listener round table and I think I skimmed it ah yes okay
so this is about video game movies uh no one special says as you all know video game movies
are nothing new and have been around for ages they run the gamut from terrible see the blood
rain movies well just honestly anything with ue bowl right uh to fairly good the silent hill
movies and have been in multiple genres documentaries fictional stories etc all that
being said is there any video game movie that stands out for you that you particularly enjoy
even if it may be an unpopular choice for me I especially love the first two final
fantasy movies and the king of arcades so video game movies you uh enjoyed even if the masses
didn't see I would I love silent hill that's what I'd say is silent hill the masses didn't
really like that movie I liked the first resident evil that really had nothing to do with it
yeah to me yeah um I am so jazzed see now now it's interesting because it's not just movies
now it's going to be tv shows because again we have the witcher which okay yeah book you know
whatever it's kind of on the line um but I could I even I wonder if I could answer this question
with something like because you said um Mortal Kombat the very first one well I was gonna say
what about something like stranger things I know that isn't rooted in gaming but I'll be damned if
that show doesn't feel like a video game plot and kind of tickle a lot of the same like retro stuff
that video games kind of do for me I don't know oh I also like to warcraft oh SSJ100 Matt says
Scott Pilgrim while not a gaming movie per se didn't get the props it should have at the box
office I'm gonna I had a lot of fun we did a um a cult hosting of that um right before the pandemic
no I mean it was about a year before um but we I remember hosting it in a double feature with
Kung Fury here locally and that was a lot of fun that showing was a ton of fun and to get to watch
Scott Pilgrim with other nerds and stuff that enjoy the movie that was a lot of fun Shane
actually went to that I guess that was a while ago because Shane was actually here so uh it must
have been several years ago I'm just losing track of time um but yeah that was uh that was a lot of
fun to host that one um there's also all of the Pokemon movies but those are a little bit more
related to the anime Carlos said Detective Pikachu though which I I think that's a good choice that
was a good movie I like that so yeah I feel like the gaming but now now we're going to be talking
about gaming tv shows too I can't wait for that Final Fantasy 14 show I'm gonna I'm gonna eat that
up whenever that comes out I mean I know that's been slowed down because the pandemic um you know
I did also kind of like House of the Dead but only kind of liked it it was more like I need
something completely mindless and violent to watch it's okay to like things in a cheesy kind of way
too yeah well I mean I love Xanadu so whatever um oh Bobby Blackwood legacy is not a video game
movie but but I get it I get it and I I think that is an answer that would qualify because
no it's not directly a video game movie but it did kind of spawn the video games like especially
the early the Tron from the 80s especially you know spawned the the actual arcade machine discs
of Tron and I think it was more about like arcade culture was definitely like a part of that so I
I would I would count Tron legacy um but Bobby Blackwolf I like this move answer too not a video
game movie but looks like a video game if someone asks me what's your favorite movie that most
people hate or never give a chance it's Speed Racer I feel like that's that game that movie
was great it's actually well it's also a game too but um yeah the movie was amazing that's
one of those movies I feel like time is being very kind too and like a lot of people like I
hear more about that movie now and people looking back on that fondly than I did when the movie came
out you know how like there's a lot of movies that end up aging pretty well and then people kind of
look back on it more fondly than when it was originally out it's definitely one of those so
love that all right um I think that's it for uh the the movie chat and the the round table stuff
let's check in to see if there's any last minute stories and then we'll close up shop tonight I'm
sorry I didn't go to discord tonight but we are running we're almost to nine o'clock so I want
to make sure we kind of wrap up here in the coming moments so let me go to the last minute stories
oh I will shout out the discord though because I do read it and I know I pulled some stories
for tonight from it so vog network.com discord I enjoy seeing the chatter and the story suggestions
throughout the week um Loki do you have any last minute stories not really I mean there's um a
rumor of a game was it a fighting game based off of Nicktoons that I think they've already had an
ios and android version of that's being ported to the switch in October so that's it all right
well then we will go around and get everybody's final thoughts um yeah tiger claws saying the
movie was directed by the directors of the the matrix um so uh yeah the Wachowskis uh and that is
uh are are they both doing the new matrix movie or just they are I think so I think it might be just
Lana that's doing the matrix I don't know but they're um but yeah um I'm I'm I'm gonna sound
like Loki here but I really want to see that new matrix movie me too it looks like it's gonna be
awesome they have now amazing yeah and plus I loved Sensei I need to actually I only got like
halfway through the second season I just was bad timing for me I need to go back and finish that
because that was uh that was an awesome show and that was the Wachowskis as well so awesome all
right and Bobby Blackwolf confirms it's just Lana so I I don't know but it's other projects or
something going on all right um anyhow let's wrap it up with final thoughts and then we will uh
be out of here for tonight but I believe dark soccer is doing some uh some some dead by daylight
with cake tonight after olr right we're we're hanging out with our friend debbie delight
and with a topic we're gonna be talking about skincare oh okay I want to do a topic I want to
do a topic every every game that's a good idea to kind of keep the discussion going on sunday
night I think that's clever I'll give you a topic skincare is neither skin nor care discuss
all right uh dark soccer I'll let you go first with fine oh wait actually before I do final
final thoughts I always have to say at the end of every olr thank you because I do mean it thank
you for listening to orange launch radio um if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch
radio tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice and we need more voices here uh so we can uh you know diversify the
opinions a little bit and just get more words out there and and bring more people into this
crazy family we formed here on sunday nights over the last 19 plus years um I also want to
give a quick shout out to our shop uh if you haven't heard olr in a couple weeks you may
have missed the fact that we added quite a bit of new merch to the vog network shop including
some olr specific shirts um so uh and a pretty cool new vog network logo logo that's a very
retro inspired so dark soccer good job vog network.com slash shop if you want to go shopping
and check out some of the merch there um thank you thank you again a nice five-star review on
a site like itunes or wherever it is you found this podcast um spotify google play or whatever
um thank you thank you and uh you share uh auto hosts on uh twitch they go a long way as well so
thank you to everybody who helps us out with all of that um now I think I'll go to final thoughts
now that I said that that mandatory part that we always have to say um because it's fully good
information so dark soccer what is your final thought tonight um uh I'm gonna I might play
pyramid head for the first time so I need help um my advice is don't overdo the trail but remember
that trail will help you out like crazy in chases so chase where palette or uh use the trail where
pallets used to be use the uh trail by windows I do it little blips by the um places that because
then they act more if you leave a big old line survivors will see it and they'll duck under it
but if you leave little blips it'll function more like trapper traps and you're more likely to hit
people with it um and then the other but I found that that was that other move that's the projectile
kind of attack I found that goes through walls the laser yes laser beam I don't know the real name
laser beam is great but don't rely on it I in my opinion the laser here's where the laser beam is
going to be the best um if you know and you you've played enough killer now dark soccer you know
when a survivor is about to palette you right pretty much you will be shocked at how many
survivors forget the pyramid head has a laser beam so when you know you're about to get palleted
hold the right mouse button to start drawing your lines and as soon as they throw the palette down
do your laser and you'll hit them every single time that sounds delightful I might enjoy him
I enjoyed Freddie more than I thought I would Freddie's a lot of fun so yeah anyway all right
um so okay well have a did I get your final thought I don't oh that was my final thought
I'm gonna I might play pyramid head and I need help I could I didn't know if it was just another
tangent or a final thought I couldn't remember sorry all right have a great story and but I am
going to gracefully see myself out for now I will not be on cam tonight just because these bright
lights are giving me a fucking headache all right sorry for the migraine all right feel better
hey no I am I don't have a migraine I'm just like they're they're finally starting to get to my eyes
so that's okay all right uh all right so Loki we'll go to you and your final thought
um hopefully I'll get a new video out this week like I said the
build I'm doing is pretty large so look for that hopefully this week all right um my final thought
um I don't usually talk about this type of stuff on the show but I had some really good news this
past week um at my day job so um really really good stuff and I'm just very thankful and um the
I've had a lot of good news lately and uh fingers crossed it keeps coming and I don't get walloped
with bad news um but uh yeah just thanks to everybody who has uh supported me not just here
on OLR but uh in my personal life and in my daytime stuff too I really appreciate it I'm
also really excited um I have I now have two hosting if you don't well DragonCon would be
a third I guess but I have two like gigs lined up uh in September and October so I'm really excited
like that stuff is coming back and that's very exciting so fingers crossed um if you are still
not vaccinated please consider getting the vaccine please read up on the facts about the vaccine and
not a lot of the myths that are out there on the internet because the more people that get
vaccinated the less chance these other things are going to spread around and the more chance we can
get back to doing all this normal stuff that we're used to doing so please please consider doing that
um I guess that's it I think we can roll the credits now have a wonderful week everybody
we'll see you in seven days after Pokemon Go Fest I'll be running in here with some new Pokemans
uh and we'll do it all again have a good night everybody you've been listening to Orange Lounge
Radio Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios to join us for a live show
tune into VOG Network.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network but you know they were all still true
I'll see you next week
you
