I've frequently stated how the Wii's runaway success was due largely to Wii Sports and
casual game buyers, and how Wii U's disappointing sales weren't disappointing, they just weren't
the lightning in a bottle that the Wii was.
If that's true, then how has the Nintendo Switch exceeded Wii's console sales?
Is it the appeal of the docked and mobile switching nature, 2-in-1 value?
Has the depth of the game library been valuable for every Nintendo target demographic?
These are questions I've asked rhetorically.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to give you the underlying
numbers and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on this internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again, episode number 902 of our show
for this February the 8th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am joined by my co-hosts.
Say hello as always to the one and only Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Good.
I'm having OBS problems tonight for some weird reason, and I'm seeing something completely
different other than...
There you are.
Hello.
Okay.
Whew.
And all the joy will be when we...
I've been here.
No, I know you have.
It was showing something else on my screen.
So all the joy is when we broadcast live here at the Voice Geeks Network, because we do tape
live every Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show at the Voice Geeks Network on Twitch, twitch.tv slash V-O-G network.
Did I leave anything out?
No, I think I got it all.
Next week is the decommissioning of Studio N7.
Do you have any favorite Studio N7 memories, Dark Sakura?
Coffee.
Coffee.
Oh yeah.
Making a lot, because...
I don't have coffee tonight, because husband said you might go to Starbucks.
Yeah.
Mr. Smoosh says snort.
But yeah, hopefully you can come see the new play.
Of course, for those that missed the news, Alan and I are moving to a new place.
So this studio will be no more after really next week's episode is going to be the last
one.
So it'll be the last chance to celebrate a lot of shows from this studio.
And because honestly, the transition from us being on Shoutcast to Twitch to virtual
kind of all happened here.
So it's been a lot of change for the show here.
Also say hello tonight to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki.
What's that game playing behind you tonight?
I'm trying to see.
Lil Nemo.
Oh my gosh, I haven't played that game in a very long time.
What made you want to play that?
Or what made you think of that one for your background tonight?
I don't know.
So many games I've already picked.
I was like, I gotta pick something different.
Sure, sure.
I understand.
Hey, I know you had an update to give on a frequent guest contributor to the program.
Yeah.
So it's been a rough week.
So I found out that the sickness I had last week that we thought was not COVID was COVID.
So there's that, which is fun.
So unfortunately, I knew last week that we were going to schedule my cat to be put down.
And so it's just her health had been kind of, not like getting, it had been gradually
getting worse.
She's been losing weight for, oh gosh, like at least a year and a half.
She was down to under probably around five pounds at the time.
Just all skin and bones, basically.
No matter what we would try to give her, it wasn't really doing anything.
And no, she's just, they didn't know what was wrong with her.
She had neurological problems at one point.
We thought that she might have had a stroke because she was kind of circling in certain
directions.
That seemed to get better, because I thought she was going blind to it for a while.
But then, so we just made the choice that's like, okay, it's not getting any better.
It's something we can really do for her.
We had some pretty rough weeks where she was just throwing up and diarrhea and all that
stuff.
She stopped grooming herself.
So yeah, unfortunately on a Thursday, we had to put her down.
Yeah.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
And I know that's not an easy decision, but I know you did what's right for Stella and
it was probably a lot harder for you.
It was especially hard knowing that I knew when it was going to happen.
So I had four days to like, so I just try to spend as much time with her as I could.
And good on you doing that.
So many pets don't get to have a great home and a great place to be, but you certainly
gave her one.
So I think she's very appreciative for that, as is anybody who is a lover of cats for sure.
And nothing but love coming from our chat room right now, of course.
Yeah.
And it's just still, it's getting used to, I still like, you know, as I'm sitting here
at my desk, I'm like, Oh, I better not, like, I better put my foot a certain way so it'll
kick her in the head and she's not there.
So it's like, it's tough.
And then I can't even imagine, I was like that with, with Shermy.
Yeah.
And I can't even imagine having to deal with COVID on top of all of that.
So just, you've, you've had a rough, I'm actually kind of surprised.
You're here.
You've had a rough week.
But I hope, I hope the show can help take your mind off it a little bit, but yeah, it's
been getting easier every day.
It's just, you know, it's tough.
But I'm sure our listeners, I know I do, are thankful, you know, this, this whole virtual
setup wasn't supposed to happen.
It wasn't supposed to go like this two years ago, but I'm glad that we were able to meet
Stella and I'm glad you were able to kind of share her with so many people throughout,
you know, the world.
Thanks to what we do here on Sunday nights and our little show.
So lots of people, lots of people feeling that in a chat.
And as Bobby Blackwolf puts it, we can shit post about video games for the next few hours
to take your mind off it.
Sounds good.
And SSJ100Matt with a nice thing that's kind of sums up a lot of the comments and chats
saying, RIP Stella, you and your family gave her a wonderful life and she shared so much
love to you guys.
She did the right thing.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's go ahead.
We're going to move on.
We're going to get into our kickoff topic for the night.
Actually, I kind of have two things.
I have a quick thing for the top of the show before we get into the main kickoff topic
that is up on the board.
I am sometimes I get messages from people that listen to the show and friend, you know,
people become my friends from the show.
I'm a normal person, just like everybody else out there.
Well, I've got problems, but don't we all I'm just normal here, right?
So like, you know, people will message me and, you know, I do try to respond best I
can.
I'm really bad and my husband will be the first.
I'm really bad about reading a message and then oops, I got distracted during something
else and I never get around to responding.
I am really bad at that, especially if you message me during the show.
I am trying to do something else right now, but I get DMS on Twitter.
I get, you know, messages on Facebook and, you know, sometimes it's questions about video
games or what's my hot take on a certain thing.
And I'll, you know, give my hot take.
This one though kind of made me go, ooh, I should talk about that on OLR.
So I got a message on Facebook that said, and I guess I can just say it's from Codeman
who used to be here live, but I guess I think he's been a listener for a long time.
I think he just more listens on the podcast feed these days than live.
So a Codeman sent me a message that was like, hey, honest question, does this Pokemon game
seem rushed to you?
And we were talking, you know, because we've talked a little bit on the show about Pokemon
Legends and I was talking about my review last week about my impressions and I really
do enjoy it as a Pokemon game.
And honestly, now here we are another week into it.
And I actually said, I need a little more time with this, but I think this might be
my favorite Pokemon game they've done yet.
And I think I'm at the point where I can say, yes, this is my favorite Pokemon game they've
done yet.
That doesn't mean it's without its flaws.
And as I pointed out last week, a lot of that is in the technical space, right?
It looks like a PlayStation 3 RPG with, you know, a lot of the waves, the scenery looks
and things like that.
And I think it just falls into the hands of the ever long running joke that Nintendo just
can't compete in the technological department, but especially so the Pokemon company and
Game Freak.
And it was interesting because, you know, I gave my kind of take on this and I'll give
it to you guys in a minute.
But then Codeman kind of pointed out, I've noticed that Sword and Shield look drastically
better graphics wise than this game.
That's why I asked now.
And I agree, Sword and Shield was a better looking game.
It is a little bit apple to oranges in the fact that, you know, while, yes, Sword and
Shield had very wide open areas, it was a very different sort of open area than I think
what we get in this game.
And I think that should be noted as to, you know,
Sword and Shield struggle with like some of those open areas, like didn't like wasn't
the game pretty solid, but like when you got to those big open areas is like kind of chugging
a bit.
Sometimes I think I think also docked versus handheld would play into that a little bit.
And I only play docked.
So and usually the game will stutter more in handheld.
I pretty much only play games in docked mode on the switch.
So it's hard for me.
But yes, I mean, even Sword and Shield kind of plays into the old argument of LOL, Nintendo
doesn't make technologically great games.
But then, you know, Breath of the Wild exists and it existed on the Wii U.
So that is very true, right?
Absolutely.
And and, you know, folks in chat, of course, jumping right in.
Mike Deff says it's not perfect, but what it does, it does so good.
And I absolutely agree.
And again, I just said this is probably my favorite Pokemon game.
I mean, yes, we can kind of say technologically, it's got some issues, but you know what?
At the end of the day, does it really matter?
Eh, no, but I think a lot of us just kind of look at it.
And I said this last week, but I'm going to reiterate the frustrating part is that we
look at it.
We see the potential because we see the, I don't know, Horizon Forbidden West of the
world.
We see the Forza Horizon fives of the world.
We see all these, actually, wait, did I just add an extra Forza Horizon game?
I think I did.
But someday there'll be a five.
I think I just added another game in the series.
We all know it's coming, but we all see the Forza Horizon series of the world and we see
all these games and it's like, why can't Nintendo be that?
And to quote a famous drag queen, you will never be glamour.
And I think Nintendo is kind of okay being that.
Okay.
I'm losing track of games.
Thank you, Bobby.
Bobby says Forza Horizon 5 is the current game.
I had to like count in my head.
Okay.
Anyway, you know what I was, the point I was getting at though is that Pokemon Legends
Arceus isn't that.
It's not that in the graphical sense.
So the question, I want to go back to the question that Codeman raised is that does
this Pokemon game seem rushed to you?
And my answer is no, but, and here's the real hot take.
And I want to see what you all think of this hot take.
Can you rate this hot take on a scale of one to 10, 10 being like pipe and spicy hot and
one being like cold McDonald's fries.
Okay.
So what do you, what do you think of this hot take and my hot take is, I don't think
it was rushed, but I think the scope of the game changed because I think the reason why
this game isn't technologically pushing the way it ought to is because it was originally
designed to be the launch game for the Switch Pro.
And when the Switch Pro suddenly didn't happen because of chip shortage, well I shouldn't
say suddenly didn't happen because I think that's been in the making for a while.
I think when it didn't happen because of chip shortages and things of that nature, they
decided to release the game anyway because the Pokemon games are on a timetable and what
have you.
But I think a Pokemon style Breath of the Wild candidate would have been the perfect
game to release a new type of like upgraded Switch and all that with, and I, and I think
maybe some more of that potential and maybe some of the stutter and things like that probably
would have been there on a Switch Pro.
And so that's my hot take is that no, I don't think it was rushed, but I think they had
to change it and suddenly as high as it was going to go was the Switch and there wasn't
going to be a Switch Pro in that situation.
Mike Deft in chat says, Brilliant Diamond Shining Pearl was rushed.
Legends RKS wasn't rushed.
Mike Deft says, Game Freak has never been praised for their graphics.
Fifth Dream in chat says, Nintendo consoles are one to five gens behind and Pokemon games
are half more behind than that.
I think that's a pretty good way to put it, summarize it there.
D'Artezio says, Yes, I could see that as a big franchise, but like not a big game that
does seem to track as launch title, right?
Sometimes Nintendo kind of does this with their launch titles.
I mean, it's not, you can't say they always do it, but like, look at the launch of the
GameCube.
Like Luigi's Mansion was kind of like their Mario game, but it wasn't really a Mario game
at all.
It was very different.
And so, you know, I think and plus, we know that the Switch Pro, I think, would have been
in mid-grade and anything that was designed for it should work on the Nintendo Switch.
And I think that's why this game still came out at the end of the day is because it was
designed to run on the Nintendo Switch, just like, you know, Breath of the Wild was designed
to run on the Wii U and all that stuff.
Zelda Twilight Princess was designed to run on the GameCube and the Nintendo Wii and all
that stuff.
I just think that it ended up at some point, we're not going to release it on a Switch
Pro after all.
I think if they do release a Switch Pro in the next year or so, I kind of don't think
they will at this point.
But if they do, and then suddenly this game works on it or there's a game of the year
edition with the rumored DLC that comes out and all that stuff, I think it almost just
guarantees I'm right in this situation.
If it doesn't happen, I still kind of want to be right, but I may not be, and that's
fine.
I realize it's a hot take.
S2100 Matt says, Game Freak still using the Game Boy era Pokemon growls is a troll for
the haters at this point.
Did you notice that even Pikachu and Eevee have the Game Boy growls?
There's not even a Pikachu in every Pokemon game.
Even on Pokemon Yellow, Pikachu went Pikachu and doesn't do it here.
I think that's more to try to fit in with the lore.
You can call it corner cutting, but I think you can say there's an argument to be made
about the whole, it's historical, it's the first Pokedex, it's when Pokemon were still
violent and all this stuff that maybe plays into that and why they can kind of do that.
Anyway, LM Orchard in chat says, How'd Pikachu go again?
Pikachu.
Pikachu.
Yeah, Jamie does it better.
All right.
Well, also, Pikachu's voice actor is a lady.
Yes, Bulbasaur is a lady, too.
She was at Dragon Con one year.
I think several of them are ladies.
Not all of them, though, of course, because I think the director of the first Pokemon
movie or something does one of the voices of one of the Pokemon.
So, anyway.
All right.
I just want to answer that.
I thought it was an interesting question, and I wanted to put that hot take at the start
of the show.
Let's get to another hot take going around the gaming industry right now.
Rumors, rumors, rumors, although this, I don't know if I would put this in the rumor department
because it's more a little bit like there is smoke and potentially fire.
It's something that Business Insider reported on, which has a little bit more of a reputation
for getting things.
Although it's interesting, their entire site is paywalled, or at least the story is.
So a lot of people are having a report on the report.
But many game blogs are pointing out that Business Insider has run a report that says
Stadia has basically been demoted within Google.
And I want to hear what Dark Soccer thinks of this, too, as Twitch's premier Stadia streamer.
But I would need to see the report.
Let me get to some of the information that is coming out of this first.
Apparently, Phil Harrison, and why they're calling this a demotion, basically, Phil Harrison,
who is the VP, I'm sorry, Phil Harrison now reports to Google's VP of Subscription Services
instead of directly to Rick Osterlow, who is Google's hardware boss.
And I think that movement is the catalyst for this whole story in this report.
I think people are really running with this, and now you want to talk about hot takes.
You're seeing the hot takes on Twitter where people are already eulogizing Stadia.
I'm not sure it's quite that.
In fact, I think we're quite a ways away from that.
However, the report goes on to say, the reason for this is disappointing sales and performing
far below Google's expectations.
Google Stadia will now be focusing on lucrative deals with other companies to create and power
experiences for them.
Folks are talking about a deal with Peloton Bikes, which I think is very interesting,
and it's going to be powered by Google Stream, which people are saying is just Google Stadia
under a different name.
It's the same technology.
Very interesting.
But I guess now only about 20% focus at Stadia is on the gaming side as was before, and this
is according to an insider who gossiped to, appropriately, Business Insider.
What's also interesting about this and what lends the Business Insider report to some
credibility potentially is that Google Stadia kind of responded, but they responded with
their tongue in their cheek with a tweet that said, if you hear one thing, hear this.
The Stadia team is working really hard on a great future for Stadia and cloud gaming.
We hope you agree, and we know the proof is in the playing.
The source went on to talk to Business Insider saying, there are plenty of people internally
who would love to keep it going, so they are working really hard to make sure it doesn't
die, but they're not the ones writing the checks.
It doesn't seem like-
I'm reading the Business Insider article right now.
Oh, fun.
I'll get your take on that in just a moment.
Let me get a couple-
Yeah, for the record, if you ever want to get past a paywall, go to archive.js and put
in the URL, and it should load it up.
There you go.
Apparently, Google will not probably pull the plug on Stadia anytime soon, but it's
just kind of playing into the whole- Google didn't really play off as much as they wanted.
So I don't think they're going to shut Stadia down tomorrow or anything like that, but here's
what it is.
And then I definitely want to let Jamie have a say here as our Stadia expert, I guess.
What it is, is this is just playing right into the hands of a lot of people that when
Stadia launched, they said, Google's going to treat this like they do everything else.
They're going to give it two years to be successful, and if it doesn't, they're going to cut it
off at the kneecaps, just like all these other things they launch.
And so people are now reading this, and even though they're not really hearing- Google
Stadia is not being shut down, it's just being deprioritized.
Everybody's kind of going, well, we all knew that's what was going to happen.
Here it is.
That's not at all what I think this is saying.
Go ahead.
Just looking this over.
What's your take on this?
What I think is happening is that they're branching out the technology for Stadia.
Stadia isn't going anywhere.
They're still supporting it.
They're still bringing stuff out.
They just actually had a big sale for the Capcom licenses.
I just got the deluxe Resident Evil Village for like 40 bucks.
So they're still pushing on it.
What I think it is is that they're licensing the technology to get more out of it.
I mean, yeah, they've lost some money on it, but it still has a very dedicated user base.
And again, for people like me who play on a Mac, for example, it's a better alternative
in my book to using the NVIDIA service.
I don't want to use the NVIDIA service, I mean, because it just hasn't worked out as
well for me.
That being said, I think that they're trying to confirm their own bias is what I think
is happening.
And so that's why the Stadia crew had to go in and do damage control, because if anyone
is going to know if it's going to continue or how it's going to be supported, it's going
to be the people that are behind it, right?
And they say that there's some things coming out that they can't talk about, but it does
make it seem like there's going to be new titles and maybe even new services.
And they're already talking about UI improvements, like having ways to sort through your games
and having a different type.
They just added in the search feature.
They've really been stepping up the interface for Stadia.
Now I'm really reading this more, especially since Google tried to work with Bungie and
we're even looking at acquiring them before Sony stepped in.
We'll get to that.
And on top of that, they also worked with AT&T to allow people to stream Batman Arkham
Knight directly through the web browser.
But Google's branding wasn't on it, but AT&T definitely said it's running on Stadia's technology.
So I think that they're looking to branch out their streaming technology to other services
like Peloton or maybe other developers to have their stuff out.
They've even pitched using Stadia services as beta testing for PC games that are going
to be coming in, PC, Mac games, whatever, that are going to be coming out.
So that's what I'm reading into this, especially with bringing up the information about branching
out like that.
I really do think of it as a branching out.
I think it wasn't a big priority because Google's always been like, if it's not an
overnight success, then it's not a success and need to learn to play the longevity game.
On top of that too, there's been plenty of companies that have just absolutely adopted
the service and find it very useful.
I don't want to be alarmist and I don't want to believe any kind of hype until I see a
official word from the official people.
I'll take all of this with a grain of salt, but what I'm translating this to is just that
they're going to be expanding that technology and using it in different ways so the gaming
platform may not seem like it's getting as much attention.
I think it's going to be getting as much attention, but other aspects of it will be getting attention
as well.
I'm of two minds with this and I think a lot of what you say really does hit the nail on
the head because I do think Google is certainly...
Why limit the streaming technology to gaming when there's other spaces where it makes sense
to grow this technology into such as like the Peloton thing is actually kind of interesting
to me and whatever else might be in the future for mobile and these sorts of things, absolutely.
I don't think we should be eulogizing Stadia by any means at this point and I think a lot
of that is still very premature and I think there are very exciting uses like you talk
about like the betas and being able to preview things without necessarily downloading something
to your computer where pirates can get in there and data mine, or excuse me, hackers
whatever can get in there and data mine things.
That actually should be a very lucrative thing for companies to want to get into I would
think.
Go ahead with your quote because I do have a however with this because I do think there
is something we have to realize, but go ahead.
Patrick Sabled who is a Google spokesperson, I'm just going to read this verbatim.
We announced our intention of helping publishers and partners deliver games directly to gamers
last year and we have been working toward that.
The first manifestation has been our partnership with AT&T who is offering Batman Arkham Knight
available to their customers for free.
While we won't be commenting on any rumors or speculation regarding other industry partners,
we are still focused on bringing great games to Stadia in 2022.
With 200 plus titles available, we expect to have another hundred plus games added to
the platform this year and currently have 50 games available to claim in Stadia Pro.
So getting into my however, I do think that Google is taking a focus off of gaming a little
bit and what the original intent was behind Stadia and I think you know the reorganization
makes that very clear.
I think the fact that they kind of stopped, you know, they canceled the games that they
were making, they sold off the, you know, whatever they were, they don't really have
any exclusives in-house anymore and I really think they stopped signing the deals to get
the exclusives outside as well.
So I think this whole idea that like Google Stadia is a console that's going to compete
with Xbox and Switch and the trick is it's not actually a console, it's just there in
the cloud.
I think that whole image that we've had in our minds, that ain't it anymore and that's
what it is.
And to be honest, in my opinion, that was all missed messaging from the very beginning.
And quite honestly, I think the biggest problem in Stadia's pocket right now, I don't think
Phil Harrison is a very good leader.
I just don't think he's, I think he's misfired the messaging on this from the very beginning.
I don't think he's very good for the company.
It's like he has a history of doing this.
Exactly.
I think Phil Harrison is the problem.
And what's going to be interesting, I will bet, I will bet money he leaves within the
next year.
He's gone.
And people are going to use that to further eulogize Stadia when in fact that would actually
probably be the best possible thing that could happen to the platform in my opinion.
Can you go join the Amico team?
Not going there.
But I, it's interesting because I think if you were to go back to when this was first
announced, I was very apprehensive about cloud gaming, you know, and I was very much like,
I don't think this is the right thing.
There's too many bandwidth caps.
There's too many, you know, restrictions.
How is somebody going to play 4K 60 frames a second?
And that was my, my frame of thought.
I'll admit that.
It honestly wasn't until on this program, Dark Soccer was saying, this is a way for
me to play shit on my Mac that I started to go, huh?
And then Cyberpunk 2077 comes out and the best experience for that game is on Google
Stadia.
And I started to go, huh?
And now I'm hearing about these betas and doesn't it make sense to do that more for
the cloud and so forth.
And I'm really starting to go, interesting.
So I think I've really warmed up to the idea of what this cloud and how it fits into gaming's
future.
And I do think cloud gaming to some extent is going to be in the future of games.
And I've said this before on the show is I've kind of been making this transition in my
own thinking is that as 5G gets more and more popular, as more and more people work
from home and cable companies and so forth get challenged on their data bandwidth caps
as we get more and more connected and so on and so on.
And I'm talking about things that happen 10 years from now.
I'm not talking about things that happen next year or the year after.
I'm talking about the long game people.
I'm talking about OLR in our 50s.
Okay.
Cloud gaming, I think there is.
And that's why so many people are getting into it in very different ways.
And now you have, and this ended up being, I think a bit of an issue for Google as well.
Google gets into it, Amazon gets into it, Microsoft gets into it, Nvidia gets into it.
I mean, there are a lot of cloud gaming solutions right now.
And I think the person that's playing the game the best, in my opinion, not from a technological
perspective, but from a marketing perspective is Microsoft.
And the reason why I say that is because they're not trying to like make a big deal of it.
They're making it an option and they're subtly, it's like they're putting it on a plate and
they're subtly nudging it in front of somebody.
Here, eat this.
You already have this Microsoft game pass.
Did you know you can play all of these games on the cloud?
Just click here to start that.
Here, eat this.
Whereas I think the problem that Stadia was challenged with and the messaging I think
they misfired on was the whole, you've got to fucking have this.
Cloud gaming is the future.
And Stadia, you can play it on a Chromecast and all that stuff, even though it's not going
to launch that way.
And it's not going to look that way for like six months into it and so forth.
But I sort of think Microsoft is playing the long game on that.
And I think that's going to be successful for them.
And again, I'm not saying that Stadia is going to fail, but I think Stadia misfired.
And I think it's Phil Harrison's fault.
Well, I did sign up for Amazon's service.
Luna is the beta for it.
And I'm really looking to see how it compares, you know.
So I'm still going to stay with Stadia as long as I can until I get my PC rebuilt and
then can just play Dead by Daylight on Steam.
Well, because I think that because my accounts linked all of my achievements and whatever
and my hours will transfer over, I hope.
But that's pretty much the thing I'm playing on Stadia that and I was playing Cyberpunk,
but I'm going to play Resident Evil, although I have other ideas for things I'm going to
play now.
Yeah.
But I mean, I don't think your crown as the premier Stadia streamer on Twitch is going
to go anywhere anytime soon because I think Stadia is staying around for a little bit.
But I just don't think we're going to see Stadia exclusives or, you know, I don't think
we're going to see a narrative really pushed where like Stadia is this.
I think it's just going to it's going to be there and it's a thing that exists and it's
a thing that you can buy games on.
And another way to do it, I think, is is kind of what what it is at this point.
Interesting perspective from Fifth Dream in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network
who says this stuff is this stuff now is like VR in the 90s.
It didn't take off on the first go, but eventually will accept it and it will be taken for granted.
Interesting.
You know, the graphics and VR weren't all that in the beginning.
And I think a lot of that had to catch up a bit to make it because now everybody thinks
of 90s VR and they think of that movie, The Lawnmower Man, and you go back and you watch
that movie now and it's like, fuck, this was ridiculous.
But that's that's what VR kind of look like in the 90s.
Right.
For those of us that lived it.
But now it's very different.
So I haven't thought movie in an age.
I think most people have it.
All right.
Anyway, let's go ahead and move on.
We're going to talk about our gaming weeks.
Let's talk about how is your gaming week?
We'll move over to Dark Sakura and I'll start with you.
How is your gaming week?
Productive.
Yeah.
I played Mass Effect 2.
Nice.
On through Windows 11 ARM.
And it it had like right at first it had some syncing issues.
And then after that, it was fine.
I even got my old save files to work.
The thing is that the the first Mass Effect save files will not work.
And you know, I imported like some of my old favorites.
I'm probably going to start the game over and live stream it, I think.
But I've I've I had fun with it.
Now the only other things that I'm trying to do is that like the save file editor, it
will not run in this version of Windows.
So I have to find something else.
But but so far, I mean, it's it's the game I love and remember, you know, had a good
time with it.
It looks good.
There's already high res textures for it, like even more high res.
So I'm I'm just enjoying I'm enjoying it, you know, I'm playing and of course, playing
copious amounts of Dead by Daylight.
I'm kind of like, it's something that like goes off in my brain that the moment I hit
like silver ranks, I'm just sort of like, okay, I don't care anymore.
I'm just gonna play, you know, meme around with people like.
I don't know how this came about.
But when I was playing last night, I was in like the the airy, the the crow ladies area.
And it was his arena just standing there.
And I was playing Freddy.
And we just both nodded at each other and then went in different directions and ended
up that like, there was another fuck, what's her name from Halloween, Laurie, Laurie.
Yeah, there was a Laurie there and I was playing her normal.
And then I guess she and the arena player were friends or something.
But then we just sort of just played around and we, you know, farmed the generators a
little bit.
And I let Laurie out and then Serena showed me the hatch and I closed the hatch and then
Serena left.
So it was just like a funny little game.
And then I had like a mid, you know, a mid game boop match.
I've just been having fun because like people are are being, you know, salty and sweaty
and just taking things too seriously.
And last night I just gave a shit.
I just wanted to play, you know, play around, let people know there's another person here.
But I've started doing something in my postgame chat that actually has made my experience
in the game a lot better.
And that's just saying, hey, I had fun.
Have a great evening.
You know, even if someone was a shit, you know, you know, I might say, well, what was
this like, like I had a Jane player last night, there's, you know, when you go into the basement
and the stairs turn to the side, there's a corner there that if someone's not down, it
will clip them into that corner and you can't pick them up until I basically worked until
I picked her up and got her there.
You know, that was the only comment I said was like, you know, other than that exploit
by the Jane player, you know, I had fun.
I mean, I didn't do, you know, don't win or anything.
I was playing huntress.
I'm not good at her, but I had a fun time.
And I'll make sure that I want people to leave a game that they're playing with me having
a good experience.
I think a lot of people just say GGWP, but I think because you see that so often, it
kind of loses its meaning.
It's desensitized, right?
Yeah.
And so for me, I'm just like, you know, Hey, I had a good time, you know, good game.
It was, you know, but the big thing is me just saying, have a good night.
And it changes the entire conversation instead of a, Oh, you got shitted on or whatever.
Like, it was like, I just flat out instead of, you know, someone started with that and
they said, Oh, just were you having an off night?
Like, yeah, I was just, you know, memeing around and like, Oh, okay, that's cool.
You know, well, better luck next time.
I was like, yeah, you have a good one.
Made, I even found a person that I got on two different characters on two different
matches.
So I rated them.
Now here's how many bits dark Sakura for you to start off that chat very nice and pleasant.
And then at the end say, now go get shit on.
Good night.
How many bits to get you to tell someone to go fuck themselves?
I do it for 2,500 bits.
All right.
Noted.
Noted.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
You should put that as a channel.
I guess that's not actual money.
It was channel points reward.
Like 50,000 points get shit on.
No, I know, I know.
What's it makes me think of losing colors.
Uh, GG easy.
What used to be like his big premier reward, like for him to say GG easy was like 50,000
points or something.
But, um, I think because the, the context of the game has changed a little bit, he reduced
the number of points you needed for that, but yeah.
Well, I spend all of my points on one thing and one thing only, and that's the, uh, rate
my, uh, rate, my cosmetics.
And I don't even know what it is.
Cause you know, the only reason I have survivors anymore is to play dress up with them, but
people like my outfits.
I guess I have good fashion sense in game.
Who knows?
For me, I hardly ever redeemed channel points because I'm always saving for the biggest
e-ticket item I'm saving for VIP.
Uh, you know, or the, you get a sound command and introduction every time you come in here
and that those types of high ticket rewards, VIP shout out and a sound command and Nick's
channel.
Um, I have VIP in droves, hydro.
And I think I got it in Isaaco and then Elsie just gave it to me like early on.
So, but I, but I mean, but if I, if I'm in somebody's channel that much, I want to be
I want to be productive and help them out and promote them while I'm there, you know?
So, um, I'm still though, I think I put play survivor as my high level redeem and mine.
Although I might, I might play tonight.
If I get people to play with me, I have to get people to play with me.
I'm I might be on, we'll see.
All right.
Well, the other, the other stuff I played, of course, I played word scapes, um, played
Star Trek pinball here at my house.
Um, and I am getting things ready.
If the, the, uh, tool that I'm using to play it on works, I'm probably going to start
streaming a link to the past.
Oh, fun for like a retro game night.
Um, other than that, like I said, you know, Sam going to, Oh, and Fantasian, of course,
which I actually beat a boss that had been giving me fits before and I beat it pretty
readily.
So it was, it was really cool.
Nice.
Yeah.
All right, let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
Uh, I'm playing Minecraft and more, more power washing sim.
Good times.
Well, you've had a week, so comfort food games like those, comfort, comfort food games
like those go a long way.
I'm sure.
Dude, someone should just bring you a pot of macaroni and cheese.
That's not a game.
It should be comfort.
It is comfort.
What's better than video games and eating a pot of macaroni and cheese by yourself?
Mmm.
Coffee.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But yeah, I've just been working on, um, the Minecraft stuff.
Um, I filmed a little bit of this week and then I started to edit it down, but yeah, new
episode comes in.
Speaking of, by the way, before I get to my gaming week, uh, since channel point rewards
got brought up and mac and cheese, um, we do need to schedule orange lounge foodie-o.
I, uh, I know it was, it was delayed for several months because of some things I'm going through.
Um, actually I do have a small update in that department.
Um, I had, um, uh, update, uh, check on what's called your A1C, which is basically like your
average blood sugar over a two to three month period.
And, uh, I dropped that number by over three points down to, uh, basically a level that
would be considered more pre-diabetic.
So that's pretty exciting.
Uh, and my doctor actually said in the email to me, you are doing amazing, which is a nice
thing to hear from your doctor.
So, um, that was a very nice, I mean, it's, it's come with some work and, uh, I'm, I'm third.
You maybe you've noticed my, a little bit, cause now I'm getting to the point where like I see
it, some of my weight loss, but I've come down 30 pounds, uh, than where I was last summer.
So, uh, it's been, it's been an adventure.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Uh, it's more about, more about my health than my looks, but.
If I can get you to do weight training with me, that'd be awesome.
Well, the nice thing is the new place I'm moving to has like a clubhouse with a gym that we get
access to.
So, and that I feel better, a little better about that than going to a place like, you know, 24
hour, you know, any of those big clubs, because, you know, right now with COVID still, that's a
little more exclusive.
So it's a higher chance I can get in there when it's just me or one other person.
So, um, that'll be easy.
I can, I can do more than just walk.
And I think in my routine, cause Omicron's kind of kept me from the gym during this whole time.
Um, otherwise I would have started working that into my routine.
So, yeah.
Uh, anyway, my gaming week and other things, uh, honestly, my gaming week this week looks almost
exactly like last week.
A lot of the same games.
I'm still playing a diverse amount of stuff.
I'm playing Final Fantasy 14 as I usually do.
I'm also continuing Dead by Daylight.
I had a bit of an opposite week than Dark Sakura.
I was, oh, just, just solo queue is so draining.
I rage quit on Monday or Tuesday night.
Like I just, I was getting tunneled.
I was getting left on the hook.
I died on first hook, uh, more than once.
Like it was just really irritating stuff.
And, uh, I like even Alan heard me go like, fuck this game.
Or I just was like really upset.
Uh, but then of course, like a dummy, I went back to it yesterday and I was like, all right, maybe this isn't so bad.
MMR finally put me in a lower bracket or something and it was a little more manageable.
That sounds like an abusive relationship.
Pretty much, pretty much, honestly.
Um, so there was that as well.
Uh, and then, uh, Pokemon Legends Arceus.
I've, uh, got past the second area in that and the boss there, uh, which I know some of you will probably already beaten the game and you've gotten through much further than I have.
But I think there's a lot of people like me who are playing it very slowly and exploring the areas and catching all the Pokemon and getting items and all that stuff.
So, um, I'm still really enjoying that game.
It's, uh, it's great.
We talked about that a lot at the top of the show though, so I won't add a lot to that.
Uh, still played some Taiko no Tatsujin.
I bought my first song.
I also did my first online match, which I lost, which was bullshit because the other guy didn't get a full combo.
I did, but I had more OKs.
Um, but I was able to calibrate my TV and it's a little better.
Um, but I guess I'm still not hitting as exact.
Whatever.
Uh, the game is still kind of fun, I guess.
Yeah, the, the song I bought was like old school.
I think it was called Namcott Melody, uh, because it was old school Namco games, like all mishmashed together.
It was like the Pac-Man interlude, then the Mappy interlude, then like, you know, it's just like a bunch of stuff, like all kind of mishmashed together.
It was really cute.
So, um, but yeah, all that stuff together was pretty much my gaming week.
Played a little bit here and a little bit there.
All right.
Uh, let's move into some other gaming news.
Uh, just a reminder though, there will be no live show or podcast in two weeks.
Because next week is, uh, the last show in this house with the studio and I'm moving and then, uh, yeah, it's going to be going to be a fresh coat of paint when we get to episode 904, uh, in a few weeks.
So, um, yeah, but we will be here next week.
I realize next week is a big, silly football game that a lot of people pay attention to.
Uh, usually there's a big important concert with that as well, but they decided to go a different route this year than a big diva.
Well, I guess they have Mary J.
Blige.
That's kind of neat.
But, um, I'm not, I'm not as excited as I was with say Beyonce, Jennifer Lopez, Shakira.
It's Gaga.
It's not quite that, uh, it's a different concert this year and, and the little, uh, game they play around the concert.
Um, but just, just to be clear, that doesn't deter us from doing our show.
We will still be here next Sunday.
Usually I think that we will report on the puppy bowl.
Uh, yes.
Is that still going on this year?
I guess it must be still doing the puppy bowl.
When wouldn't it be?
I don't know.
All right.
So, yeah, and like D'Artez uses in chat, it's usually kind of over by then anyway.
Yes.
So, um, as 200 Matt says, I envision off camera, Rob is surrounded by boxes and a massive Tetris like pattern.
Not quite yet.
Uh, but maybe next week it'll be a little more like, I would imagine next week.
It's not the studio is not like all this stuff on the wall is going to be down.
Uh, it's going to look very different in here.
Uh, so, uh, yeah, but, um, probably not right now.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf does point out that he will not be here next week.
Uh, cause he has a small gathering of folks for, um, the, the little, uh, uh, concert and a side of game that happens next week.
Uh, and speaking of food, that's the other big deal about those types of things.
You, you go to see your friends, uh, and, uh, it's all about the potluck and teeny weenies.
That's basically what it is.
It's, uh, next week is a celebration of teeny weenies.
All right.
Glad they get their day.
Let's move on.
Uh, let's get to our big headline of the week.
Uh, Loki.
So Sony has decided to go ahead and purchase bungee for $3.6 billion.
Um, now, unlike Activision, Blizzard, or any, like some of the other acquisitions have been happening recently, they are still going to be remaining an independent subsidiary of Sony Interactive Entertainment.
And also they're going to be publishing games on multi-platform.
So not just PlayStation exclusives.
Of course, you know, that can all change down the road.
We'll have to wait and see.
But for right now, they are committing to at least, um, publishing on other platforms.
So that's good.
Um, along with that, Sony has been spending, um, money to keep the devs from leaving.
So they've spent $1.2 billion of that to, I guess, you know, keep the staff that are there, um, that are working on Destiny 2 from leaving.
So, and that'll be paid out over several years.
So that's very smart, uh, to make sure you pay to keep the talent and not just, you know, cause if you look at Microsoft and Activision and that whole thing, people have been abandoning ship at Activision left and right and Blizzard and all that because of, um, that, you know, dumb fuck who's leading the company right now.
Uh, I'm not talking about Microsoft who has an intelligent, uh, man that's leading the company, but I'm talking about, uh, people abandoning ship at ABK because of the dumb fuck that's running things over there, uh, who, uh, shouldn't have a job anymore.
But I digress.
My point is it's very smart of Sony to really pay to keep the talent here.
Uh, because, uh, yeah, I mean, I don't, I don't know if like Sony has this bad stigma or whatever, where people would be looking to run, but they might be looking to run because they, they fear like the corporate.
You know what, whatever it is, or it doesn't match their vision or what have you.
Yeah, I suppose.
I mean, it's still good to keep your talent around.
And right now what they have planned is more live service games.
I mean, that's what destiny is, I guess.
So.
Well, and it makes sense for Sony to have something like that.
God, a war isn't that horizon isn't that.
So it, it makes sense for them to have something in their pocket.
You know what I think happened?
Um, because a lot of folks are saying this is a response to Microsoft buying Activision.
No, no.
First off, if you're, if you're, um, if you're a gaming analyst or gaming commentator has come to that conclusion, that ought to be one of those red flag emojis because real talk, um, this conversation had to be in talks a long time ago.
So this started well before the news that Microsoft.
Now, you don't know who talks to who and maybe Sony picks some stuff, but I highly doubt any of that came into play.
This was something that happened independent of that.
It is simply interesting that Bungie was a Microsoft company.
Then they weren't.
Then they were an Activision company.
Then they weren't.
And they after the Activision thing, they were like, we're never getting into another relationship.
And, you know, if Bobby Kotick was your CEO, fuck, I'd be pretty scarred, too.
But now here we are, they're getting into a relationship again with Sony.
That is interesting.
Their trajectory, but, um, and it certainly has nothing to do with the Mike Microsoft Activision thing.
Yeah, these are, these are Ms says it's had to be in the works for at least six months.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And it's possible too, that it still could have been somewhat in response with that.
Cause you know, you don't know who was talking to Activision to purchase them.
Maybe Sony and Microsoft knew that, you know, one had interest for the others or something like that.
So it could be possible that, you know, some of that cause sparked it, but no, it's not like, you know,
Microsoft purchased Activision and they're like, well, we got to go buy somebody let's buy a bungee.
Thankfully they didn't say Konami.
That's not worth the money.
Um, they would have gotten it significantly cheaper.
I'll take $1.
At least get the Silent Hill IP from the 99 cent store.
Jesus.
Oh gosh.
Off offer the offer to buy an NFT of the Silent Hill franchise with Konami.
Maybe they'll fall for it.
Um, actually, wait quickly though.
The, the one thing with, um, uh, bungee and Activision and all that, I think, uh, well, with PlayStation and why they bought bungee, I think, you know, because PlayStation does get to see things that bungee's working on before anyone else does.
And they get to see this.
I mean, there's confidentiality agreements, there's, you know, all sorts of things, but how do you think that like, okay, Sony secured the rights for an exclusive map to destiny when it first came out or destiny to, I don't remember which one of those, I got the exclusive map for.
They had that whole thing, you know, so they they've had a relationship with bungee for a bit and they get to see these games months in advance to plan that marketing thing.
And, oh, we're going to invest these dollars.
So my thought is Sony saw something, whatever's bungee's working on now, and they were like, we have to have this.
We don't want anyone else having this, but us, um, or this is something that makes sense with our Sony and PC platform, as I'll tell you, it's going to be PC as well, but it'll be a Sony and PC type of title.
Uh, it makes sense with their strategy.
So I think that is why Sony bought bungee.
Oh, you want to, you want to know another red flag for your, uh, video game commentators?
I'm just going to tell it like it is an analyst.
If the next question that they're debating on their articles, their podcast or whatever is who's Nintendo going to buy red flag, emoji, red flag, emoji, not flag emoji.
I haven't heard of that studio.
Did we should totally start that studio?
It's right.
Right.
Uh, Nintendo, Nintendo is not rule number one.
And a thing you should come to realize a long time ago, Nintendo doesn't play the same game as the others in the room.
And also, why would Nintendo need to buy a studio to make more exclusive games when nobody is making exclusive games as good as Nintendo?
Some people are going to take issue with what I just said, but I fucking said it.
Nintendo is making the exclusives.
That's why everybody always goes, where, where, why won't Sony buy Nintendo?
Where, where, why can't we have Pokemon legends on PlayStation five?
Where, where, because, because Nintendo is making the games y'all want to play.
And that's the, it's that, that's the fact they don't need to buy a studio to make games.
They've got studios to make games.
They're only going to buy the things that make sense with their French vanilla fantasies.
That's, that's, that's it.
They're only going to buy the studios that are already marching in tandem with them and already kind of pretty much a part of the family and so forth.
They're not, Nintendo ain't fucking buying Sega.
They're not going to buy Konami.
They're not, Nintendo is just going to keep making Nintendo games.
So that's it.
Yeah, orange right in chat says Nintendo does what Nintendo does.
Yes, that.
Tiger Claw says Nintendo owns a couple studios of their own that develop only on their platform.
Tiger Claw points out Retro Studios, the Pokemon company to name a few.
Yes, companies that worked with them for a while on titles and were already kind of making games for Nintendo.
And it just made sense to be in, Hal Laboratories is another, there you go, that just makes sense to be in lockstep with them and where those acquisitions make sense.
Nintendo fucking coming out of left field and plunking down a bunch of cash for Sega, not Nintendo's game.
So I'm just, I'm just saying I would be, I mean, fuck, it's 2022 and we've all lived in this pandemic era.
Nothing should surprise us anymore.
So you know what, if I have to sit here and eat crow because Nintendo does end up buying someone big, then you know what?
Fuck it. Get me some ketchup because, uh, it would be certainly interesting, but I just, I think that's all it is, is a fan wank fantasy.
I don't think it's rooted in reality, but what is real anymore?
What is real anymore?
Anyway, uh, Loki, anything else you want to say with that story?
No, that's it really.
What do you think about the whole thing, Loki?
Do you think this is a good route for Sony?
Sure.
Why not?
Cause I'm not a big fan of Destiny, so I don't really care, but cool.
I mean, I'd be curious to see what they develop next.
Probably Destiny 3.
That's how it works nowadays.
I like Destiny on paper more than I do actually playing it.
And that is simply because I'm not great at shooters.
That's, that's really it.
That's the end all be all.
But I, I like what it is otherwise.
And I've spent time, I actually, that was a game I played on Stadia for a
bit when I was kind of evaluating and I actually, cause I was like, Oh, I
get to play on my PC as opposed to trying to play it on, you know, Xbox
or something with a controller and get to use my mouse and keyboard.
And it actually, it actually, I enjoyed playing it on, uh, that system.
So, uh, yeah, there is that.
So, all right.
Um, let's move on to another story about Sony and about the PlayStation
five and, uh, how they're not selling quite as many of them as they thought
they would, but it's not their fault.
It's the chip shortage.
It's the chip shortage.
It's, you know, it's that thing that's been blamed for everything.
Um, eh, Sony did the quarterly financial earnings report as these
large companies tend to do.
And they did point out there was a rise in profit in the gaming decision
division, excuse me, but Sony did lower the full year PlayStation five
sales forecast from 14.8 million to 11.5 million.
That is a fiscal year forecast.
So that means it ends on March 31st.
That's the year they're talking about.
Um, now of course, according to the chief financial officer at Sony, uh,
Hiroke Totoke, uh, the, uh, we can't say exactly for sure what
the demand is for next year.
Um, sorry, that's not part of the quote, but basically that, um, no, that
what I read is, sorry, I thought this next part was, I was about to read,
but, uh, in, in short, basically, uh, chip production and all that is,
has been affected by the ongoing chip shortages around the world.
So, uh, yeah, uh, Sony's trying to get more PlayStation fives, but these
chip shortages are going to continue for the time being, which again, if
you're paying to paying attention to anything in electronics, cars, the
refrigerator, Alan and I are trying to buy, uh, any of this stuff, it's,
it all plays in any of this.
Um, Intel has actually said the semiconductor shortages
can continue into 2023.
Um, Nintendo has also slashed a switch production and said a 20% decrease
in availability as has X-Box talked about this, uh, basically saying,
um, interesting though, when Phil Spencer talked about it, he said,
I think it's probably too isolated to talk about it as just a chip problem.
When I think about what does it mean to get the parts necessary to build a
console today and then get it to the markets where the demand is, there are
multiple kinds of pinch points in that process.
So it's interesting.
He's kind of called out.
There's other interesting things.
It's trying to get that boat through the Panama canal.
And then there's one boat that's making them all back up that causes
these consoles to, uh, not happen on time.
It's basically what it's coming down to.
So, yep.
Anyway, um, not terribly surprising to hear, but it is interesting when
you hear it resulted in the, uh, or you hear it reported in the company's
financial statements, basically it's, uh, yeah, I still don't have a PlayStation
five, but I'm hoping, I'm hoping, um, after this move settles down and now
you all know why I didn't indulge in the holidays, cause I've been saving
for this house stuff, but, um, after that all settles down, I'm hoping I will
finally get the PlayStation five, maybe over the summer, uh, if the finances
still look good, cause, uh, I don't want to miss Final Fantasy 16 if it comes
out this year, that's for sure.
So we'll see.
All right, moving on Dark Sakura.
Why, why talk about new consoles when we can talk about old ones?
Thanks for the spoiler, Rob.
Sorry.
It's on the sidebar for what it's worth.
Yeah, but I have my own intro set up for that.
Oh, my bad.
Anyway, um, I was going to say there's a new game coming on an old thing.
So, uh, well, the game is coming out on the Wii U in the eShop and it's going
to use the balance board, or at least it can use the balance board, but it is a,
um, a game called Silver Falls, white inside it's Umbra, it's a horror
game, uh, done by Sun Grand Studios.
Um, it will allow you to use the balance board for, uh, you know,
for movement if you want to.
Um, it looks pretty cool.
I mean, this is sort of what I always thought the Wii U would have been great
for, you know, I always wished that, um, that there'd been other games that had
such deep integration with, uh, with the, the game pad, you know, so that you
could see more stuff on there or use it to solve your puzzles or make it a
camera or something.
Um, but it looks pretty cool.
I mean, I don't know if it's worth me busting out wherever I put my Wii U to
play, but Hey, it could be fun.
And I like, I like kind of scary games.
So, yeah, I think that's a good question.
You bring up those, how many people still have their Wii U hooked up?
Cause I don't, I don't even have a Wii U anymore.
Yeah, I know.
I think a lot of people, I mean, I'm sure there's some, like if I pulled
the chat, there'd be a couple of people that are like, Oh, I still have it.
I still have it.
I mean, how many of you actually still have a hooked up to your TV, ready
to power on in a moment's notice?
Cause I still have my Wii U it's just in a box.
Ours was actually until like mid last year when we loaned it to Julian.
Hmm.
So, okay.
There's a couple of people, it's about half and half.
Some say I do some say I have it, but it's not hooked up or mine's in store.
We busted out from time to time for certain games.
Like Dan and I had talked about trying to dig it out to play Shantae.
So, okay.
Yeah.
And especially I think anybody with a passing retro interest, I mean, a, the
virtual console is more expansive on the Wii U there's that and be, you know, just
people that are retro console console enthusiasts are going to tend to have
more systems set up readily accessible when they get the urge to play something
retro, which, you know, the Wii U kind of fits in that category now as a retro
console, they, I know it's weird to think about, but it kind of is at this point.
Um, when did the Wii U release?
Was it 20?
Was it 2012?
Are we hitting the 10 year point?
No, no, no.
Cause it was, it was after I started my new job.
So that would have been after 2014 and he was like 2015 or something.
Was it really that?
I guess.
Oh, wow.
Maybe it was Bob Coffees is 2013 was the year.
2013.
Oh, I might've gotten a little bit late.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, let's move on Loki.
So speaking of Nintendo consoles and, you know, sales and stuff, you know, the
switch it's doing well, it's outsold the Nintendo Wii something that, you know, we
thought that might not actually be possible, but yes, apparently it is quite
possible to do that.
So, um, not bad.
Uh, I'm curious to see a word ends up leaving off at the end.
I mean, cause I mean, if it's already outsold the Wii and it's only been out a
few years, um, it's going to be interesting to see, but, um, yeah, 103
million or 103.5 million units sold since the end of the year.
So pretty good.
Yeah, not bad.
I'm curious, we'll probably get an updated number to that around March.
I'm guessing.
Cause that's usually the end of the financial year.
So we'll have to wait and see, you know, a good point that, um, Jason, our, our
voiceover guy brought up is that, um, part of the reason probably why you see
this number is as high as it is.
I mean, it's, it's a great console and you know, there's good games on it.
And of course all that's very important and we shouldn't neglect any of that.
But, um, when the Wii was out, you also still had the Nintendo DS and the 3DS
that was capturing that part of the handheld market and Nintendo has
essentially consolidated their two markets.
So the Wii does not exist separately as the DS and 3DS as a platform.
Nintendo has gone from two platforms to one platform that does both.
And so that's also a big part of this as well is that that number really
reflects handheld and, you know, uh, console.
I'm surprised.
So like the top selling game is Mario Kart eight deluxe, which is that 43.35
million units, but like you would think like Mario Odyssey would be up there.
It's only 23 million.
And then even like say, you know, breath of the wild is 25 million.
So I'm kind of surprised that those are so low.
I am as well, but it's very, it's very, that's a Wii U game.
Uh, well, I, I think that's actually not a factor anymore
that it was a Wii U game.
I think that, you know, nobody bought the Wii U.
I know I'm making a broad stroke there.
Sorry.
Especially to everybody in chat that just said, my Wii U is still hooked up.
I think the reality is nobody bought the Wii U.
Uh, and so, um, you know, when we talk about these big numbers and so I think
that part isn't as much, and I think what it is, it's just, it's just that thing
that Mario Kart is that easy multiplayer party game that people want to own so
that they have like the party game for people to play or people come over and
there's game night and I think Mario Kart is just like that thing that's in
our culture that so many people know now, you know, that it's just, I think that's
why it even outsells a brilliant title like breath of the wild where I don't
think there's as many people that are, cause you know, if you want to play
breath of the wild, you're going to have to sit down and game, you're going to,
you know, spend some time with breath of the wild and not everybody approaches
their video games like that where they're playing for hours and hours at a time.
Some people just want to be able to play Mario Kart, uh, before or after
the game that's on television.
I think that's a big part of it.
Uh, what it is, um, Bob coffee and chat says Mario Kart, deluxe is evergreen.
Tons of normies buy it every day.
Exactly.
It's normies muggles, I guess.
Although I don't, I don't love using words in her environment, but, um, muggle,
muggles always a way I've explained non-gamers, um, dark Tetsuya said, I mean,
I thought that we, you was all right, but consider I have like a dozen Wii U games
compared to over two dozen on switch.
Yeah, me, me saying no one bought the Wii U does not suddenly make it a bad console
or all the games on it were bad.
I owned a Wii U.
I thought it was great.
And there was a lot of games on it I really liked and I think EA really fucked
them, but that's, that's a whole other story.
I think Nintendo did do some misfires with the Wii U and the number one
misfire was the name.
Um, but that's old news at this point.
Uh, the reality is, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's passed away.
Uh, and now the switch is the new person in town and that's, uh, that's
what it is.
So, uh, E3VL says casuals.
Yes, there is that as well.
Uh, moving on, uh, you know, what casuals love is Pokemon.
And this is some very welcome news.
I think for a lot of people, um, especially after, remember last week we
had that news story about there was a YouTube channel with all this Nintendo
music that got shut down.
And, you know, I think our response to that was, boy, it would be great if
Nintendo would have like a fucking player of their own somewhere where you
could play the music and sure folks pointed out, oh, they're super smash
brothers, but even that is, you know, that's embedded within another game.
And it's not something that really, you know, it's not like a library online
you can access and all this stuff.
Well, this makes the news this week.
Very interesting that Pokemon diamond and Pokemon Pearl audio are now available
for use in personal projects.
That is way off the course of what we would expect for Nintendo, right?
Now, granted, this is the Pokemon company and it's technically separate, but
obviously there's a relationship there, right?
So the Pokemon company launched the DP sound library.
DP stands for diamond Pearl.
I just want to make that very clear about Pokemon diamond Pearl.
You can use audio from, uh, Pokemon diamond and Pokemon
Pearl in your personal projects.
You can put sound effects in there in like a social media video, like a YouTube
or Twitch, you could, if, if Bobby Black Wolf wanted to take out his overclocked
music breaks and use Pokemon DP library, he could, I don't think he will.
Cause we still love overclocked here, but that is something that could be available
here on Twitch and what have you.
Um, also background music is allowed for non-commercial
event or personal websites.
So in other words, you can't exactly like put it in a movie and sell the movie.
I imagine though, you could probably play it at a convention and get away with it,
even though that's kind of more of a gray area, but I digress.
You can also download the music to use.
Uh, you can stream the music if you just want some online radio type of stuff.
It's all there.
Um, now, uh, there are of course bands on commercial uses, so no remix album to
sell, you can't put them in your own game.
No broadcast TV or radio or any of that.
You cannot use the media.
I think this is interesting.
You cannot use the media and anything that makes specific, ideological,
religious, or political claims.
Sorry.
I'm laughing because I thought of something a streamer did last night and I'm
going to, I'm going to warn Alan's in the kitchen, laughing too.
Sorry.
I can't no COVID Mon.
No, Alan in the other room went, you know who also caught them all?
Jesus.
But here's the thing.
Okay.
So there was, so you would not, you would not be able to use this in your stream.
So it was actually, it was actually losing color.
Was I, I'm just going to, I'm going to warn, I'm going to warn this could ruffle
some feathers, but I, I think if you just look at his humor and don't read too much
into it, it's actually kind of funny.
Was doing one of those postgame chats with people and was just like, you know,
typing or like I remember he was doing this whole thing as a, and then at the
very, very end just put, Oh, and by the way, enter, God doesn't exist left.
And I don't know why, but like Alan and I thought that was like the funniest troll.
Like we were watching on the TV in our bedroom.
We just start dying laughing.
Oh, the player's name was God's warrior.
I didn't even.
Oh, that was it.
I didn't even see that.
Oh, I just thought he randomly pulled that out of thin air.
Just wanted to let you know, God doesn't exist.
Good night.
And I just started laughing.
The other one that cracked me up, that was like, like something AR 14 or whatever.
And then I made some sort of comment about that too.
And I, I forgot anyway.
So anyway, my point is probably would not want to use Pokemon DP music during that.
So if you're trying to make a, a religious or what have you a type of thing, a lot of
people noticing this comes right off the heels, off the youth, after the YouTube
channel gets shut down, of course, this isn't Nintendo that did this.
It's the Pokemon company, but still hard to ignore.
And I think a lot of people are looking at this going, please, Pokemon company, please,
please, will you go talk to your daddy Nintendo and tell him what a good idea this
is and how Nintendo should do this?
I mean, how many of you are just sitting here foaming at the mouth, salivating that
Nintendo do this?
I know I am.
Can you, can you fucking imagine if Nintendo actually said, actually said, you can use
our music and your streams royalty free.
Enjoy.
You would never hear it already treated like they do that anyway.
So I don't understand what the difference would be, but it's a gray area now.
I guess so, but people already use it carte blanche, so why not?
It would just be, I just be phenomenal.
Anyway, I hope this isn't the last, I have a feeling this might be a test of sorts.
We'll see how that all plays out.
But, um, I'm, I'm really hoping it's not the last that we see of this sort of thing.
Maybe we'll see more Pokemon music make its way into this sort of format or something.
Uh, I think that would be really great.
So, uh, Bob Coffey says at the very least, Nintendo should put their stuff on CD here
or like the streaming services, Apple music, Spotify, Tidal, pick one of them,
pick all of them.
I don't give a shit.
Just get the music out there to a place we can actually, you know, stream it very
easily, but meh.
All right.
Moving on.
Yeah.
Well, um, Epic has filed a trademark for Epic Games, Megaverse.
Um, they are, they filed it at the end of 2021 and it's supposed to cover a wide
range of goods and services and be a new umbrella for their big overall universe
that they want to do.
Uh, they're sort of putting it out there as sort of a 3D virtual space to play
and work and people hang out, I guess.
Sort of like a mobile-
Can they just finish their storefront, please?
And stop all this nonsense.
It's supposed to be a, as some sort of like mobile conversational service.
So, but I mean, is this like their version of Play?
Is it?
It sounds like their version of the Metaverse, like Facebook's, you want to
talk about VR 90s shit?
Look at that.
Look at that stuff that Facebook's trying to pull us with, with the Metaverse.
That's what this sounds like to me.
But like, I'm sorry, in the Metaverse, I don't want to have a me anymore.
I think we've moved beyond that.
Well, Epic's games, Megaverse have a shopping cart available.
I swear to God, we're going to start our own Metaverse, you know, type thing.
It's like, you can't even finish the storefront.
Don't, don't start talking to me.
If Steam wants to start off their own Metaverse thing, by all means, they
can go ahead and talk about that.
Cause they, at least they have a functioning storefront.
I, I'm going to say Steam kind of has the opposite problem is that Steam tries to
put their pause in too many things and then doesn't do anything with it.
And I think the case in point is their whole, do you know, Steam has a broadcast,
like a Twitch competitor built into Steam?
Where was the last, yeah, exactly.
When was the last time anyone thought about that?
That Steam has a competitor to Twitch built into Steam.
I, I think every time I go there, it's a lot of Russian streams.
So maybe, and maybe that's also Dota 2's popularity over there.
Um, I don't, so it may be a combination of those things.
Maybe it's just more popular in other countries than it is here, but it's just,
it's one of those things where I'm always like, Steam just kind of like
builds it and then lets it get moldy.
Like, it's just like, it's weird.
Anyway.
But I guess good luck to Epic Games and the Megaverse.
But, uh, it's just one of those things where it's like, I kind of agree with
Loki is that it's, it's weird that they're even talking about this when
their storefront is still as bad as it is.
There's like so much cart before the horse type stuff.
Like first off, like the metaverse stuff that they're talking about is like
white, white, it's to satisfy investors.
It's to satisfy investors, but I wish investors could see right through this.
It feels like the investors don't use any of the products.
Exactly.
Cause like you're talking about, like the metaverse stuff, like let's okay.
It's like basically ready player one kind of nonsense.
You have to talk about wide adoption of VR, which I'm all for.
Like, I really hope we get to that point.
We are nowhere near that point.
And then on top of that, your vision of it looks stupid.
I don't want that, that vision of it.
Like I would rather do the stuff that they were talking about, like with
HoloLens, that seems a lot cooler.
I mean, I just.
I got it.
I got it.
Like it's, it's, it's all about, yeah.
It's all about investors.
And like you say a buzz, you know, phrase.
It's like, that's why I knew everyone's getting in the NFTs.
It's just because, Ooh, money NFTs.
I liked NFT.
I'll give you money now.
It's like, Oh, I've got it.
I've got it.
I'm going to say something and you're going to hate me.
And if you already hate me, you're going to hate me more.
Ready?
What if Sony bought Bungie to help them make the Sony metaverse home 2.0 and
always online experience in gaming.
I don't actually, I don't actually think that, but I wanted to speak it
into existence just to make everybody, uh, bang their head against the
nearest flat surface.
You're welcome.
They would never do that.
Deetra Rama S in chat says get out.
Home was pretty good.
I mean, that's a lot closer than say, you know, what, what they're doing
with like meta and stuff.
I'm sorry.
I'm not going to call them that anymore with Facebook's like idea of the, the
metaverse thing, Facebook's being a butthole, which is just a big old rip
off of ready player one.
Anyways.
I mean, honestly, have you heard the latest with Facebook where now they're
threatening to pull out of Europe because Europe won't let them violate
privacy and sell the information to U S the company that you want to have.
Like they do, they do understand that they're the IOI of this, you know,
ready player one story.
I mean, they're not the good company.
They're the company that you distrust in like are the evil company.
So I don't care if they're going to try to bring it to the world.
It's just, no, it will never work.
E3 VL in chat says PS home was ahead of its time.
Just the load times and download was horrible.
You know what?
You know what?
Yes.
I, you know, and I I've given PlayStation home a fair amount of shit on this show.
Where, who is the guy that used to, um, really evangelize PlayStation home here?
He used to come in on Sunday nights.
He used to talk up home and all the good that I, where, where is that?
I know he rage quit and stopped listening at some point ago.
Where is that?
I want to apologize to that guy.
I, cause I think, I think he was onto something.
It's just a bummer.
Sony didn't just stick with it a little while longer.
And I think, I think maybe the PlayStation three wasn't the right place for it.
I think the PlayStation four might've been able to handle a little more what they wanted it to do,
where it was, um, you know, the, the trophies were actually things that you had
and all of that stuff.
Like Sony could have had this a long time ago.
It's a real bummer.
Could have should have.
Yeah.
Could have should have would have.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, as 200 Matt says, yeah, PlayStation home was ahead of its time.
Same with game room.
Same with one versus a hundred, just to touch it.
Well, if I can continue with what I was going to say in my story, I guess.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, they're claiming that the investment is going to, and this is a quote, accelerate the
work around building connected social experiences in Fortnite Rocket League and Fall Guys.
And also, you know, helping, uh, you know, developers and other creators use Unreal
Engine and the Epic, uh, services and their online store and stuff like that.
So it's, I think it's meant to drive content and communication.
So it also sounds to me that Epic games is saying the mega verse is just Fortnite.
No rocket league.
And this is one.
No, they absolutely do.
But isn't it even better if Epic can tie all that into Fortnite?
I, I, I feel like it's just, it's just be a, such a thing for them to do anyway.
All right.
Um, moving on, I think we're over to Loki.
Yeah.
So like the everybody's been asking, Hey, Rockstar, when are you going to make Grand Theft Auto six?
Except I haven't been asking that cause I just don't care anymore.
I made you care, right?
Just, I'm not going to ask about it.
So they finally have decided to publish a statement on it and saying that, Hey, with
unprecedented longevity of Grand Theft Auto five, we know many of you have been asking about a new
entry in the Grand Theft Auto series.
Yeah, because it's been over almost 10 years now.
Um, and with every new project we embark on, our goal is the blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
So basically they're, they're looking to push, you know, the boundaries of gaming and whatnot,
and that their next entry is going to be, is in active development.
And they're looking to push those boundaries as well.
So yes, in development, who knows when the hell it's coming out?
Well, it's been in development since like Red Dead Redemption two.
So I mean, like, I don't know.
I was going to say the fact that they're working on a Grand Theft Auto six should surprise nobody.
No, it's not a surprise.
But it's just interesting to hear them acknowledge it for a change.
You know, like, Oh yes, that super obvious thing.
And they're the big, big elephant in the room.
Here it is.
And also on top of that, though, like, I don't like,
I'm not giving them the benefit of the doubt here.
Like, I need to see this game.
You know, I can't throw trust into companies anymore.
Like, especially with some of the stuff that they've tried to pull with certain games.
They make quality games, yes.
But they also can kind of rush to get things done.
Yeah, I'm excited about it.
Assuming that the online or that the single player campaign's good,
because that's really all I'm interested in online.
Yeah, not for me.
LM Orchard in our chat says GTA six in the metaverse.
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna need you to come.
Come put your face close to your mobile device or monitor screen.
Come come put your face close to it so I can slap you.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
They're not doing that in the metaverse.
And they already have, was it?
They announced that they're doing San Andreas, remember?
And probably about the same company that did the remaster do the VR version.
So good luck with that.
That's going to be a horror show.
But you know, I'm all down.
I'm down to see it whenever the hell that comes out.
All right, look, enough enough metaverse, enough VR, AR, enough of that.
Why don't we why don't we talk about a company that likes to make retro inspired things?
Let's talk about Yacht Club Games and their latest project, which they unveiled this week.
It's called Mina the Hollower is the name of it.
It's a 60 frame a second, and they're calling it a Game Boy Color homage.
But I don't know if it looks Game Boy Color to me.
I guess so.
It just looks more of a product of that era, like Shovel Knight was and so forth.
But yeah, they're making it run at 60 frames a second.
It's a top down adventure game full of mystery and horror.
They're saying Link's Awakening meets Castlevania with a sprinkle of Dark Souls.
Why does everything have to be Dark Souls?
Whatever to me, it's going to be because it's hard.
Doesn't mean it's Dark Souls.
I saw Star Tropics, but Gothic, that's what I saw in it.
But I guess there's similarities to all those topics.
Loki, I'm going to need you to put your face really close to the TV, please.
We're going to need to time you out.
Someone attempt ban Loki.
Anyway, time out, Loki, 60 seconds.
All right, the game is currently in production and all this stuff.
And if you want to get on the game now, you can go to Kickstarter.
That's kind of interesting.
But it's one of those things where, like, because, you know, I've been very nervous
about backing.
I really haven't done one in a long time, and I'm probably not going to because just
there's been too many projects on Kickstarter that don't deliver.
And that's the reality from my perspective.
But I also understand where Yacht Club Games, who found that success for Shovel Knight,
which truly was one of the great Kickstarter success stories.
I can understand why they're going back to their roots a little bit with this.
I fully expect this game will come out.
I mean, the trailer was pretty outstanding and shows that the game is far enough along
in development.
And I mean, shit, they've already blown through their goal.
They were only trying to raise $311,000.
They've already hit $703,000.
They're well past their goal.
The game will happen.
It's just, you know, how many stretch goals are they going to hit?
But it is on Kickstarter.
So they're up to, oh, this might interest you, DarkSakura.
The next stretch goal at $800,000, which I'm sure they'll hit because there are 22 days
left in this, is the Mac and Linux port of the game will be the $800,000 goal.
They've already reached sound test, cheat codes, and new game plus.
So Mac and Linux port is up next for me.
I did spend money on a Kickstarter.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody dropped that on my doorstep too.
Uh, which, um, you know, again, I just kind of feel the way I feel about Kickstarter.
So I didn't back it, but I'd be curious when that game comes out.
Yeah.
So anyway, what was the name of drag?
Her was the name of it or something like that, right?
Yeah.
Drag her.
It looks pretty funny.
It looks like everybody looks like Trixie Mattel.
Yeah.
Uh, and Mike Deaf points out the Kickstarter isn't to fund the game.
The Kickstarter is to fund future projects for the franchise, like merch and future spinoffs.
Well, but it does affect the game.
Like I know that was the line they're giving, but look, the stretch goal they're on Mac
and Linux port that directly relates new game.
Plus these are things that relate to the game.
So it's, I get it.
I get it.
But it, and when I do feel more comfortable about Kickstarters and to be clear is when
the Kickstarter is more to fund the publishing of the game, like I already have a finished
product, I just need to make the cartridges to put Pixel Poops 2 on to sell, you know,
the actual NES cartridges.
That's where Kickstarters make more sense to me.
So that way, you know, you're only funding as many of those as actually need to be made.
So that's, um, yeah.
Anyway, um, let's see, uh, as shown here, Matt says when yacht club games did the Kickstarter
campaign for Shovel Knight, they provided consistent and fully transparent updates.
So the community never felt it was ghosted and saw a lot of products.
Um, yeah.
So, uh, I think that's why this Kickstarter kind of feels a little bit different.
That's for sure.
All right.
Well, on a retro note, roll the bumper for the next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
But this time dark Sakura has a, uh, classic electronic handheld that she's going to be
sharing with us here.
Uh, so dark Sakura, what is the, uh, classic handheld?
It is, uh, Mattel electronics football.
And I'm talking about a old, uh, this was released in 1977.
There was, depending on which version was released, like there was a rerelease of it.
There was football or football one, cause there was a football two later.
Um, but it was basically, um, you had like little dots that represented the players and
everything.
Um, there were, it's a lot of differences between some of the different models too.
The, the font on the first edition of it was that sort of seventies looking digital looking
font.
Um, it also, uh, the early ones came with an AC adapter jack that was removed on later
models so that it would only run on battery.
Um, and, uh, you know, there were other changes that they made for other markets.
Um, but, uh, uh, some of them had like different, uh, stickers on the back.
Like one of them said, try fresh batteries written, uh, on a, the back of the, of the
machine.
Um, it was released in June, 1977.
It was the second game that was released by Mattel auto race was the first, it was sold
through Sears.
Um, they, uh, they had made less than a hundred thousand of them.
And then Sears, uh, said that they didn't think the game would be a big seller.
And so, uh, they stopped production on football and auto race.
And then in six months, uh, Sears was proven wrong.
So they started the production up again and, uh, sold quite a bit of them.
As many as 500,000, uh, units by a midweek, uh, sorry, by, uh, uh, selling that many a
week by mid February, 1978.
Um, so yeah, it's lippy blippy buttons.
And didn't they do a re-release of this?
I think, cause I think we have it.
Um, somebody in chat is asking about that teacher.
Um, S says, didn't they also re-release this?
And so you are probably on the right track and yeah, cause I know we have it somewhere.
I'm going to double check something real quick.
Yeah, sure.
Uh, getting some other comments in chat.
Um, dark Tatsuya says I've heard of it, but don't think I had one.
Uh, fifth dream says I played that once at a friend's house and I was little, though
I have no interest in football, but I had interest in electronic games.
Big same.
I played this, but it was because I thought electronics were cool.
Yeah.
It was re-released and you can get it for 150 bucks on Amazon.
Nice.
Uh, tiger cloud points out.
I had a cameo in guardians of the galaxy volume two.
Interesting.
That might also explain why they felt the need to reprint it at some point.
So, uh, fifth dream says the definition of beep boop.
Yes.
Well, and you can still pick up, you know, the original ones for pretty inexpensive,
like on eBay and whatnot.
Um, there's also a baseball, there was subchase that came out in 1978.
Um, you can even get like a little key chain version of, uh, of football.
It's like, it's like the world's smallest, you know, you know, or yeah, the world's
coolest or world's smallest edition or something.
And, uh, it actually works.
So, you know, you can still get in on that action.
They still take the same bat.
We've been using the same batteries for however many years it'll work.
Uh, Ella mortured in chat says I loved the seventies and eighties attempts at sports
games that had almost no resemblance to the actual sports.
Yeah, but electronics were cool.
So, and hence why we celebrate one every month here in 2022 with our classic electronic
handheld of the month and lots of bleeps and not to be confused with blinks and blunks.
Yes.
Uh, handheld electronic football.
A very classic.
And again, if you're listening on the podcast feed, you can't see the video of this.
I think the visual really sparks that memory for a lot of people.
So I really encourage you to Google like image, one of these Mattel handheld electronic
football and, and I'm sorry, was it Mattel?
Yeah, Mattel.
Yeah, it was Mattel.
So I really encourage you to look, uh, and by the way, actually this, um, YouTube
we're playing here actually says this is one of the remade ones.
This isn't the one from the seventies.
So it's enough, you know, that it shows how the game played.
I mean, gosh, these things, they were pretty inexpensive.
I think the rereleases and now though you can't really find them as well anymore,
which is why they've gone up inexpensive.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Great pick.
Uh, we'll get another one next month, uh, with our classic electronic handheld of the
month.
Awesome.
Awesome.
All right.
Uh, we are going to get into our next segment, which is some rapid fire news and quickly
talk about some other things going on in the gaming industry.
Loki.
Yeah.
So suicide squad killed the justice league has been delayed to 2023.
They need more time, you know, to make the game as polished as they can possibly be.
No big deal.
Um, and then there's this funny mod that's coming out for halo three on PC.
It adds a Chevy Tahoe to it.
Now why a Chevy Tahoe?
Because that was in the trailer for the new paramount plus series, which doesn't make
any sense that this vintage 500 year old Chevy Tahoe would be in there, but because, you
know, product placement is a thing.
Now it's a thing in your PC version of halo three.
Sure.
Why not?
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, Dar Sarah.
So, um, well, that, uh, Nickelodeon, uh, all star brawl is getting a new character.
Uh, they are getting, uh, the shredder.
Maybe all that hardware is for making coleslaw.
Tonight I dine on turtle soup.
But yeah, he is.
Yeah, he is in the game and it is definitely, you know, nineties cartoon shredder.
And then, uh, in other news, uh, and this, this is pertinent to a lot of our listeners
interests.
Um, the Pokemon legends, uh, has sold, uh, 6.5 million copies worldwide in seven days.
And it puts it above Pokemon sword and shield in terms of its sales.
So good job, consumer horse.
Did you say seven days?
I think you did.
You know, all that makes me one is the, the bingo.
Bob coffee and chat points out.
It would have sold more if they fucking ship more than five copies.
You know, that's a good point.
There's a lot of people that didn't even get their copy until this week.
I guess some of the distribution was having problems.
I mean, shock and in this day and age, uh, you know, I got mine digitally, so it was
whatever.
But I think a lot of people that did opt for the physical edition, for whatever reason,
you're entitled to that, uh, had to wait a little longer.
Cause I think the official ones from, from like the Pokemon store online or whatever
took were delayed.
Like most of those were delayed.
So it is interesting that it sold so well, uh, even amongst all those issues, but I think
just also goes to show the strength that, um, you know, the Pokemon fandom is craving,
uh, some other types of ideas.
And I think it all but guarantees we will see this legends concept again, whether it
is legitimately a sequel to legends or like even, uh, the next mainline game, looking
a little more, uh, like a hybrid, uh, we'll see, we will see.
So, oh wow.
Bob coffee says, uh, kind of clarifying their comments as our store only received five copies.
Holy moly.
Yeah, I guess, uh, LOL supply chain.
I guess the rest were, uh, stuck in the Panama canal.
Uh, DJ Ramirez says one of our staffers got her Pokemon brilliant diamond late due to
shipping from Pokemon.
When she got it, she ended up with two copies of the game.
I guess good things come to those who wait.
It was interest.
The Pokemon bread while it was in transit.
I don't know the egg hatched insert joke here.
All right.
Let's, uh, travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games, uh,
that are going to try to sell 6.5 million copies next week.
Let's start in the U S they'll try.
They'll try.
Let's see if any of them can do it.
Loki, any, anything in the U S uh, yeah, we've got all the Ali world on PC, Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series, uh, Sifu on PC, PlayStation
four and PlayStation five crossfire X on Xbox one and Xbox series.
And then we have all of the kingdom hearts coming to Nintendo switch.
So kingdom hearts, HD 1.5 remix, uh, HD 2.5 remix, HD 2.8 final chapter prologue and kingdom
hearts three all on Nintendo switch.
And last but not least lost arc on PC.
Oh, that lost arc.
A lot of people trying to sell me on that one.
I might have to check that out.
Sounds pretty interesting.
Uh, going over to Japan and checking out the releases this week.
We've got, we've got some titles this week on the Nintendo switch.
Let me tell you, we have a game called let's play curling is coming out.
Fuck yeah.
Curling.
I mean, and how, how, uh, at pro pro the timing is with the Olympics going on right now.
I know we haven't brought that up yet, but you know, that's, that is going on.
And curling curling is that thing that like used to be like the whole, Hey, did you stay
up until 2 AM and watch the curling and like, it used to be like that thing that nobody
knew about.
And now I do feel like it's that thing that like, people are like, Oh, it's the winter
Olympics.
You know what that means?
Curling.
It's the only time it's on TV.
Fuck yeah.
Curling.
Okay.
I have to make a side note.
That should be the name of the U S release of this game.
Fuck yeah.
Curling.
You know, I like the show Canada's worst driver when it was on.
They, they, for one of their driving accuracy things like to do control, they have, they
had curling.
They created a giant puck and you had to steer it with the car.
Sounds awesome.
That's the most Canadian thing I've ever heard.
Another big release in Japan this week.
Uh, I'm sorry, this is too good.
It's by idea factory on the switch called my next life as a villainous, all roots lead
to doom.
Pirates that stir the waters.
I love it.
There's so many subtitles and they're all great.
That's like three games in one.
Which, what is it?
A villainous routes leading to doom or pirates?
Are you sure it's not about me?
I did think of you when I read this dark soccer, you should take a look.
Hold on.
I'll just post this in the chat.
I don't care.
Hold on.
I'm going to post this link in the chat.
Uh, because then when you look at the game, you're going to be like, what the fuck is
this?
This isn't, this isn't any of those things at all, actually.
Uh, and, uh, let's see orange, right.
In chat points out, it's a light novel.
And yeah, when you actually kind of look at the box art and what it's about, um, it's,
uh, the character has memories of her previous life as a high school girl in the world of
fortune lover.
She was reincarnated as a villainous who stood in between the love of the main characters
whose endings only lead to a future of exile or death, but managed to avoid the destruction
flags of the game safely.
So this, there's a whole lot of drama going on in this game.
There's some stories in this, but, um, it's the type of stories.
It does check out that.
Check out some of those screenshots that, uh, there's some, uh, there's some things going
on in those screenshots.
Anyway, those are your big titles on the squit switch this week.
So you get curling or trashy romance novel game.
Uh, it's kind of your picks.
Why not both?
Why, why not?
But at the same time, my life as a villainous eternal doom in curling.
All right.
Anyway, there's dark soccer's game.
I actually found something on the site that interests me a lot more.
Oh, what's that?
That's the switch version of Pocky and Rocky.
Oh, uh, meanwhile on the PlayStation five, uh, some releases this week chorus, uh, a
plague tale innocence gets its Japanese release this week.
And there are some peripherals as well.
There's, uh, um, like a racing wheel that comes out that supports some games and all
that good stuff.
Um, yeah, so there you go.
Those are your Japanese releases.
How about the UK dark soccer?
In the UK, we have summer in Mara.
Uh, that is, um, February 11th.
Actually, all of these are on February 11th.
Uh, we have bass master fishing, deluxe 20, uh, 20, 22.
Uh, you have unbound worlds apart for PlayStation.
And then on the switch, the grand theft auto, uh, the, the trilogy, the definitive.
The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the VV.
Sorry, I'm laughing at dark Tetsuya's comment and chat card curling Sakura.
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Have to say yes to that.
Yay.
Yes.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about another thing.
A lot of people say no or yes to in our next story.
Loki.
Uh, yes.
Everyone's favorite game of the week or game of the day.
I guess a wordle has been purchased by the New York times because the New York times
is not one to bow down from, uh, joining in the game or game company acquisition.
That is, you know, Sony and Microsoft New York times Salsas.
Poison to be a, you know, big game developer publisher house or whatever.
Um, no, really like the advertisement.
Maybe, you know, going to bring people to their site or something, um,
put it behind their paywall eventually.
Oh God.
I hope not.
Oh, they will.
They will.
If you look, if you read their comments, they're like, oh, we're not putting it behind a paywall
initially.
Initially.
Like they're digital subscription growth strategy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Congrats to the New York times who was, uh, honestly, uh, not knowing enough about technology
and the fact that people have already right.
Click, save this game to play for it.
Like literally, literally that's the thing.
Everybody's like, you could just right click, save wordle and you can just play it, uh, for
the, for the next like five years, uh, without worrying about a paywall or anything like
that.
Uh, so congrats to the New York times for really being dumb enough to buy wordle now
before, you know, I just sound like I'm a complete jerk.
I'll say major, major props to the guy and I forgot his name, but his last name is something
like word wordle or something like he has a very, his, like his last name is very similar
to the name of the games.
It's kind of funny.
I do.
I do not fault that guy one bit.
Good.
In fact, good on him.
Good on the spouse that inspired the game apparently and all that stuff.
Cause she liked word games or whatever.
Good on both of them for taking the money and running and cashing that check and getting
an early retirement.
I don't fault them one goddamn bit and neither should anyone.
Uh, good for them.
Uh, I think the New York times was really boneheaded in this.
Uh, but now they'll own the trademark.
Um, there isn't one now, but you, you betcha, uh, New York times is going to file a trademark
and they would be very smart to try to get on a mobile app or something like that.
But, uh, I just, I think the wordle gas tank only has so much fuel left in it and yeah,
it's kind of the social media thing of the moment, but we're still in the, you know,
hopefully closing days of the pandemic where, you know, we're not getting together in person
the way that we used to.
So sharing our wordle scores online is one of those things that brings some of us joy.
Um, but eventually we're going to be back in person again.
And I just think wordle is going to fade out as quickly into the night as it showed up.
Um, and there's so many wordle clones now.
Uh, thank you, Bobby Blackwell for reminding me, Josh Wardle was the guy's name.
Thank you.
Uh, and point out.
And yeah, he talked about this in his story.
I rebuilt wordle in C64 basic.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
Wordle has actually, you know what wordle is?
It's flappy bird.
Wordle is flappy bird.
That's exactly what it is.
And now it's like that.
It's that clone.
That's going to show up everywhere.
Cause we've seen, I've seen Mike Deft posting the wordle in Spanish scores.
I see loodle with all the naughty words like twats.
That's that one's fun.
Uh, and then, uh, what I see the one with like the 10 letter long words and all this
stuff, like there are just, there are so many knockoffs of wordle and it's just like when
flappy bird came out.
Right.
Then everything in the app store was some rip off of, or, and Google play and all of
it was just, and then there was flappy vog.
Bobby Blackwell built flappy vog, which I was going to say is still playable on the
site, but I actually think that's a lie because I think the, the integration that
it uses no longer works.
How dare you render it as a HTML five app.
Yeah.
And who's going to take the time to do that.
So, um, so now Bobby says, this is, this is my good pet project to learn new languages.
And he talked about this on his show a little bit is that, uh, you know, when you
build your first game, the way that Loki did it is the wrong way to do it.
You do not start your first game being some overly ambitious project about cars
getting into big wrecks, and then you don't end up finishing them.
No offense.
The game you did finish turned out great.
There was no wrecks.
But Bobby says, start with poker, start with hangman, start with flappy bird, start
with wordle.
So wordle is just the flappy bird of 2022 is really what it is.
And that's, that's it.
So, all right.
And, uh, Bobby bringing the technical explanation.
I knew it was something, uh, it's not playable anymore due to the unity.
Game player is no longer supported by browsers.
So if you had an old browser or something, it might work, but, um, not likely.
So, uh, dark to see it says I concur with Rob.
Start with something simple, breakout space, invaders, that kind of thing.
Yeah.
Um, or build a game for a system that doesn't exist anymore.
Right?
Dark Sakura.
Hmm.
Yeah, there is that.
So you had to say that right when I'm drinking, um, there is a game called eye of typhoon
and, uh, it is, uh, being released in the United States.
Um, it actually is, uh, a Korea, a South Korean game.
And, uh, not only is it going to be getting a PC release, it's coming out on the 3dio.
Oh, guess who has a 3dio.
I know you, you must have one.
I think we have a 3dio.
But is it hooked up now?
Let me go.
Bobby Black Wolf is your, of course he just popped up.
I have a 3dio.
Is it hooked up?
It's okay.
Bobby, Bobby, get close to the monitor, Bobby.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell, uh, tell Dan that we need this game.
No, I have seen Bobby's living room.
It's, it's pretty great.
Get Bobby to post a picture of the box collection from the seventies and eighties.
That's the really impressive part.
Well, we're, uh, we talked about actually Dan's thinking of selling the Mustang and
we're going to convert the garage.
Oh, wowee.
That's a big step.
Yeah, but we're thinking of converting the garage to our new game room.
But who, who would have thought a new 3dio game in the year 2022, but this, this is going
to be huge for, um, um, you know, somebody, no people that are in the retro scene, Genesis
game that came out, that everyone was all hot and bothered over.
And then it didn't play very well.
Well, I mean, and people are making games for the Nintendo entertainment system and
actually putting them on cartridges.
Can you believe what a world who would do that?
Uh, LM orchard and chat says, if I had a 3dio, it would just be the machine that plays Zelda,
the Wanda Gamelon.
Yeah.
For five minutes until you were a member, how fucking terrible that game really was.
I mean, that game exists to be in awesome games done quick and summer games done quick
and, uh, and then that's it.
Like it's a game does not hold up well in my, in my humble opinion.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about something we hope doesn't hold up very well over time.
Loki.
Yes.
Yes.
It is our weekly discussion of NFTs and how I just, okay.
I want to point out Loki had like four stories about NFTs tonight.
I said, you know what?
Not today, Satan, not, not, not, not calling Loki Satan, but I'm calling, you know what
Satan said not to, I'm burying this in part B of the show and you know what we can just,
we're going to put it in one segment and then be done with it.
I'm not going to talk about this half the show again, but please give us our update
on these new fucked up things.
Yeah.
So itch.io, um, made a statement on Twitter talking about NFTs saying NFTs are scams.
And if you think they're legitimately useful for anything other than the exploitation of
creators, financial scams, and the destruction of the planet, we ask, please reevaluate your
life choices.
So that sums of that pretty well, I think.
Um, and then of course we had team 17 trying to license the worms for NFTs and then that
got, you know, struck down pretty fast.
People were very angry at that.
And so they have decided to, um, not do that anymore.
There's many people in chat by the way, cheering for itch.io.
If you'd like to show your support for itch.io, you can go to the website and then search
for tech master games and then buy the game that's available there.
And that'll be showing itch.io that you support their stance.
Right.
Loki.
Right.
Um, so yeah, they, they decided to go ahead master games and then buy the game that comes
up or just, yeah, search for pixel two summer too.
Um, yeah.
So apparently they have decided to, um, well, I grow crab games.
Basically you put out a tweet saying that they believe that NFTs cannot be environmentally
friendly or useful and are really just an overall grift.
Please do not harass the employees at team 17 or devs under their umbrellas as this decision
seems to have taken everyone off guard and likely came from the very top.
Um, which is unfortunate.
Then of course, um, you have, you know, companies that are kind of changing their position on
it.
So EA, um, Andrew Wilson is saying now that, um, going from calling NFTs the important
part of the future of our industry to, you know, walking away from them slightly and,
you know, anything that brings.
It's basically, let me try to see here.
It says right now it's not something we're driving hard on.
Um, you know, looking like needed to past, uh, capital fads around 3d AR and VR.
Sony wants, or I should say meta wants to talk to you about their metaverse, you know,
if you want to talk about fads.
Um, by the way, by the way, random tangent, but it's, it's more important than, um, uh,
NFTs and that's talking about poop.
And Bobby Blacklove points out that pixel poops number two apparently came out a year
ago.
Uh, the itch IO page says he bought it 357 days ago.
I, what is time anymore in a pandemic?
Did you know that Loki?
It's, it's the birthday.
How about that?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure Bobby bought it day one.
So that's, you know, that means yesterday was the first birthday.
How about that?
Happy birthday poop.
Anyway, uh, back to NFT.
Yes.
And then, then of course you have the companies that are doubling down on it.
And so Ubisoft course is, uh, gifting NFTs to their employees, which I'm sure really
appreciate that.
Uh, one of those is, uh, one to celebrate the 20th anniversary of ghost recon.
Um, one developer said, you know, we hate this crypto stuff.
Okay.
You know, with, um, Ubisoft saying, okay, come get some.
Um, they don't get it is basically the tone, um, that the developers think that they have
with this whole Ubisoft reports platform.
Um, again, I'm going to interrupt your NFT talk because, uh, it has come to my attention
that my brain blue screened of death.
Uh, when talking about the numbers there, uh, there's actually 365 days in a year and
my brain did something with those numbers.
So it's actually the birthday of pixel poops is February 13th.
So it's coming up.
So it's not too late to buy the game of cake.
I mean, it came out like never was next week, but yeah, but I mean, Loki, seriously, you
deserve a cake.
So get yourself a cake.
Um, and then last but not least, Konami remains committed to the future of the NFT market
projects.
So this is not the end.
They will be producing more NFTs because they made money off of absolutely literally nothing,
zero effort on their part.
And so of course, why wouldn't they double down on this?
Besides, I hear the pachinko business isn't doing that great in Japan right now.
So yeah.
Um, all right.
Every everybody with me on the count of three, one, two, three.
Thank you.
And as with that, we've purged the entities from our system.
Thank you.
Uh, Chad is suggesting that we have some theme music to go with this, such as Yakety Sax
or something.
I mean, those songs are copyright and I don't know, maybe there's some Pokemon music we
can play.
They'll play the team rocket theme or whatever the equivalent.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll be, I'll be, when we get to the new setup, I'll be set up for that.
So we'll do that team galaxy or whatever they were called in gen four.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about something that's actually pretty cool.
Let's talk about, uh, finally PlayStation integration with discord.
Um, now I kind of thought you could do this before you could already integrate like your
PlayStation tag in discord, but now you can go a step further and discord will now show
like what games you're actually playing on PlayStation four, PlayStation five.
In fact, when you signed into discord recently, excuse me, sorry.
Hopefully you'd have joined the vog network discord server, which is available at vog
network.com that's vognetwork.com slash discord.
That's one of those places you can send me messages throughout the week that create good
topic ideas that then I want to talk about it on the show.
Um, that's one place to message me.
Um, or dark soccer.
If you want to talk about Deb by daylight or anything like that, or Loki, if you want
to talk about Minecraft or how much you're watching his videos and enjoying them, uh,
you can do that on our discord vognetwork.com slash discord, and you can also now connect
your PlayStation four and five, your PSN accounts to show what is it that you're doing.
On your PlayStation will show on your discord profile.
Maybe you don't want people to know that's okay.
Cause you can hide that too.
By the way, this functionality has existed for Xbox and the market for, for a little
while now, but it's nice that Sony is there too, especially because we heard like a while
ago that Sony and discord were doing like a strategic partnership kind of thing.
So I feel like this is weird that it took this long to get here, but okay.
Anyway, the pop-up has come up for a lot of people.
So you probably saw it that way, but if you missed it, go to the discord app on your web,
on the web browser or mobile, whatever, go to the connections section of the user settings.
And then where all the other connected accounts are, cause you can connect your Twitch
and all that stuff, uh, connect your PSN account there.
Uh, and, uh, there you go.
So, uh, we'll see what else comes out of that partnership that they formed back in May,
um, in the coming months.
Interesting.
Especially because do you remember this?
Remember at one point, Microsoft was going to buy discord and then that didn't happen.
You remember that?
That was only about a year ago that'll happen.
Uh, they were going to buy them for 10 billion.
Um, but discord is staying an independent company.
So interesting.
Discord in a blog post said we are excited to continue our partnership with PlayStation
and explore how we can collectively create great shared experiences for your friends
and communities.
We'll see what develops.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, Oh, that's it.
We're now to the listener round table where we invite your calls over at vognetwork.com
slash discord.
So there's another plug for that.
Uh, you can join the green room and we will get to some calls if anybody decides to be
brave enough to call in.
We also like to do emails, although I can't recall if I saw any, um, participate at orange
lounge radio.com.
No, no.
So usually this would be the place where dark soccer and I talk about drag race, but admittedly
I haven't been watching.
So remind me of this case.
I guess it'd be a good place to really talk about that Kickstarter that, uh, about drag
her or whatever it was called.
It looked pretty fun.
I mean, the, the rewards on there though were, I mean, some of them got to be pretty big.
Like if you spent like five grand that flight, you had to provide your own ticket, but they'd
go to Los Angeles and participate in all this stuff and whatever.
And I'm like, that doesn't sound like it would happen.
Um, but I just, I just got the one to get my copy of the game.
Um, it looks, it looks like fun.
I mean, I wonder if you're going to have like the shade attack or the reading attack or
something.
Probably just a bunch of isms ripped off from drag race, which in turn was ripped off from
Paris is burning.
And, you know, it's just been, you know, it, it looks interesting though.
I mean, I think it's going to be fun.
Oh yeah.
It'll be, it'll be cute.
So yeah, I'll check it out.
If it, if it ends up being, you know, actually something that, uh, that does reach its funding.
I do have one thing I'll say about drag race.
And again, we talked drag race because we didn't get any emails participate at orange
launch radio.com.
So when we don't get emails, we assume the email says, tell us your thoughts on drag
race.
Now I haven't really been watching either series, but I will say this about UK versus
the world.
That one that's airing right now.
I'm going to say this about that.
I done told you years ago, pangina heels is fucking hot.
Number one.
And it's fucking talented.
Number two, I done said that on that podcast I used to do with, uh, captain spike and slide
kick and Delvin.
We had that show for a while and that was right when Thailand season one came out.
And I told you then hot, talented.
And now, now y'all learning that watching UK versus the world there, there, there is
no other queen than pangina heels.
In my opinion, she's already been told, I already told you, I already told, I'm glad
the rest of you caught up.
Finally, I, in all reality, I'm actually thrilled that pangina heels gets a spotlight
on this because, you know, unfortunately with drag race, Thailand, not being in English,
let's, you know, be, I mean, it was great for people in that country, but people in
us, Britain, Canada, couldn't really experience or get to know pangina heels.
So I'm really glad that she has this platform for people to be able to get to know her.
So I'm very glad about that.
All right.
Yeah, there you go.
That's it.
Okay.
Straight man.
One more thing.
What?
The, uh, it's like something like a, uh, Twitch, uh, LGBT award that's going on.
Oh yeah.
I heard about it.
We weren't nominated.
How about that?
Well, Evo though, who is, uh, a drag queen, uh, Dead by Daylight streamer has been nominated
and was just recently, uh, named a Twitch ambassador.
I saw, um, I lurk in her channel sometimes.
She doesn't even know who I am, but I lurk in her channel sometimes.
Holly got nominated for something with that?
Uh, yeah, it's me, Holly.
Yeah.
I didn't see Holly on the, uh, there's two categories.
One is like big streamer.
One is like up and coming streamer and she's on the up and coming one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Holly's great.
I really enjoy Holly's, um, Holly's streams, but I'll be honest.
The person I've been spending a lot more time in lately, um, you know,
apart from my usuals is, uh, the lady bird.
Okay.
Really, really fun.
I actually got her husband as a survivor in Dead by Daylight once.
It was pretty funny.
I was like, wait, are you who I think you are?
It's like, are you dark Sakura?
I'm like, yeah, it was pretty funny.
That's funny.
Um, okay.
So of course we open up this segment as well to, uh, your questions in discord.
And, uh, there's a couple of questions coming in here.
So let's start with Bobby Blackwell's question who says, is Dan getting a rush pinball yet?
He didn't think it looked that exciting.
I want it for the music, but honestly it, it didn't have a lot of the fun twists that
some of the other pinballs do.
All right.
It's, it's kind of middle of the road as far as a pinball goes,
but I still want it for the music and the theme.
Yeah.
Um, as the show under Matt says, what's everyone's streaming?
I was watching murderville this week, which has been hilarious.
Uh, so not, not streaming games, but like other, I guess, media, uh, TV movie type of thing.
The book of Boba Fett or AKA the Mandalorian part two.
Um, I don't watch a lot of TV, but I have been watching Australian survivor, um, who I think,
and I know people have very strong opinions on survivor.
They either love it or they hate it.
And I get it.
But, um, I will say this Australia is producing a better show right now than the U S like I am
so sold on Australia's survivor.
It's so good.
Uh, and this particular season has, uh, and I am a Sandra fan boy.
I think she, she is the queen.
And the fact that the fact that they got her to do the Australia version, I think is huge.
And I just, I just love watching her and her daughter play in the,
the rest of the cast is really good too.
So props to a Australian survivor.
That's what I've been streaming, quote unquote streaming, but secretly,
it's a secret group online that has links to pirate the episodes because paramount plus
teased us with adding Australian survivor, but won't do it day and date as it's airing live.
And the show like survivor gets spoiled very easy.
So as far as I'm concerned, that's paramount.
Plus is lost.
Yes, I will pirate it.
Uh, I would have, I would have happily watched it on your platform.
Paramount plus get with, get with the times.
We live in a world environment.
I don't know why, uh, Loki, what are you streaming?
Um, King of the Hill.
Why not?
Hey, streaming is to watch old stuff too.
Why not?
All right.
It's either King of the Hill or a Barefoot Contessa.
Why not both at the same time?
Um, Dartitsuya says maybe a long shot, but has anyone checked out the Cotton reboot?
The wife got it for me and it's the cutest shmup I've ever played.
I've really been meaning to check it out.
I haven't yet, but it looks super cute.
Uh, and I'm sure dark soccer has just now been reminded of it and it's like,
I should probably get that.
I have it.
Oh, you do?
Oh, what do you think?
Yeah, it was gifted to me.
Oh, love that.
So, um, I haven't played it yet though.
Nope.
Get on it.
Um, Cotton requires a certain amount of attention that I've been sorely lacking lately.
I understand.
Uh, ZenMonkey11 says, uh, they're streaming Big Brother, which I got to, usually I'm into
those, but the cast, the cast was so unexciting this year.
Sorry.
I just, I'm not interested in anyone on the cast.
Sorry about it.
Um, Sia Tiberius suggests the Barefoot King of the Hill or Contessa of the Hill.
I like Barefoot King of the Hill.
Uh, DJ Rama S says King of the Hill is a great anime.
Yes.
King of the Hills of Tatooine.
All right.
Uh, Loki, do we have any last minute stories tonight?
No.
No.
All right.
Let's, let's see what I'm talking about.
I think someone robbing a bank with a Sonic the Hedgehog mask on.
That's not gaming news.
That's not gaming news.
That's not gaming.
That's a filler piece.
I, and I actually, actually, you know, I will say for a minute, I, I think gaming websites
and news websites that run with those types of headlines should really stop and evaluate
what is, what is the point of running with that type of headline?
Or like a story that like is like talking about a YouTube video, like a singular YouTube
video.
Like I watched a, like, for example, there was one, I saw that they talked about Doug
Doug's video where he does like silly challenges on Twitch all the time.
And one of them was like, he's going to play, um, he's going to speed run Mario Odyssey.
And every five minutes, he's going to add a HUD from a different game just to his OBS.
And he has to like, look through all that.
And it's just silly, but they wrote an article about that.
But I, I just think in particular, the whole, like, Oh, this thing happened in the real
world.
And it just like had this very loose tie to gaming culture.
I mean, gaming culture is like everywhere now.
It's like the whole thing with Mario Kart, like anyone in their forties or younger grew
up with Mario Kart and knows what Mario Kart is and played it at a birthday party at least
once in their life.
Unless, I mean, you live in a very rural and or, you know, I guess in North America, you
know, I realized the world's a big place, but you know what I mean?
Like people know that type of stuff.
So it's like somebody robbed a bank with a Sonic the Hedgehog mat.
Well, big like people rob a bank with Mickey Mouse masks on.
You don't see deadline reporting on that.
Like, it's just, I just don't, I don't understand what that absolutely has to do with gaming.
I feel like blogs and news sites try to say, Oh, look, it's like, it's proof that gaming
is out there in pop co okay.
We've been new.
Like we know, we know gaming is out there in pop culture.
Like, you don't, especially these negative things like robbing a bank, we don't need
it pointed out.
Sonic the Hedgehog gamers, they're just robbing banks.
Now it's probably that grand theft auto teaching them to do that.
Sonic the Hedgehog fast.
Sonic the Hedgehog was a highly successful movie franchise at this point and that franchise
cause they're doing more than one movie.
Like that is worth writing about.
Do we need to talk about Sonic robbing a fucking bank?
I don't think so.
It's just silly.
Uh, and Bobby in chat says, uh, yeah, they still have story quotas at Kotaku.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, it's usually a Kotaku writer fulfilling a story quota for
the week.
Uh, yes, it's easy to pick on them, but I see a lot of other places too.
So sure we can start the conversation with Kotaku, but this is a problem all throughout
the industry.
Let's be real.
Those types of like report.
Cause, cause guess what?
Kotaku ran with that headline.
I'll bet you what there's, there's what?
Probably hundreds of active gaming podcasts right now.
I'll bet you at least a hundred of those gaming podcasts picked up that headline from Kotaku
and they're going to talk about the bank robbery with the song.
I guess we just did, but in a different context are going to talk about the article on the
show.
And my, my point is why that has nothing to do with gaming.
And I just think we need to, we just need to get above that.
It's just silly.
Uh, Zen monkey in chat says Mario and Sonic do a heist is the next switch game.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says grand theft Mario.
See now you bitches are funny.
Like if people are going to bring it up to be funny like that, then that's different.
But you know, you know that, you know, the difference, you know.
Anyway, let's just, let's just stop talking about the, it's, it's, it's, and honestly,
it's along the same lines to me as, and this was what, just like three, four years ago,
we would have those headlines.
Uh, woman meets underage man on world of Warcraft and kidnaps him across state lines for like,
cause I know that was a thing a couple of years ago.
And it's just like, is, is that really about world of Warcraft or is that just about weird
people doing weird things and illegal things?
It's not about gaming culture.
It's just gaming is that much in our culture that now all the ugly shit in our culture,
like kidnapping, like robbing banks, et cetera, et cetera.
Is now, you know, gaming gets tied into that stuff.
Uh, pixel pockets and chat says reminds me of that headline this week.
Here's the boat that won't bring Jeff Bezos hair or wife back.
And I was like, that's Savage.
Wow.
When that's the head seat, but that's funny.
Like again, if like, we're all going to be less irritated if it's funny.
If the headline on Kotaku had been Mario and Sonic do a heist or whatever,
I probably would have never brought it up here on OLR because I would have been,
well bitch, at least it was funny.
Right.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Yeah.
E3VL says clickbait titles for sure, for sure.
And then Facebook threatens to pull out of Europe and I'm like,
why don't you just do the entirety of Europe a gigantic favor?
They won't ever have to see another clickbait headline.
Let's see.
Oh yeah.
SJ100 Matt brings up the whole Kotaku story about magfest,
where they claimed magfest refused to respond to the story.
Magfest showed the receipts that said otherwise.
Yeah, because they gave magfest like an hour to respond before they ran with the story.
And then of course they put magfest did not comment on this by a deadline time.
And it's like, girl, that's shady.
That's shady.
You need to give a company like magfest more than an hour to respond.
Come on.
Come on.
Most companies when they get any kind of correspondence
or contact are at minimum 24 hours to reply.
Yeah.
I just, and I'm not, I'm not here trying to drag the entirety of games journalism.
I'm just trying to point out, these are things we can probably do better.
These are, these are things that do, do we really need this in our, you know,
if we're, if we're gaming fans and this is gaming fandom,
do we need bank robbers in this discussion?
I don't think so.
Do we need NFTs in this discussion?
That's a fucking lutely not, but at least I understand why that's coming up because it's
in that context, it's bringing an awareness to these things that gaming executives are.
We think that, you know, they're, they're being convinced and your favorite Hollywood
celebrities like Brie Larson, Tony Hawk are getting pulled into a conference room
and getting convinced by some shill that this is the next big thing.
And they have to get in on it.
Right.
And they have to write a tweet about it.
Anyway.
Okay, I'm off my soapbox.
That's what you get when you don't email us.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
That being said, we'll wrap up.
We'll run into everybody's final thoughts, but first I want to thank you as always for
listening to our show, whether you are here live with us on Sunday nights,
or you were listening via the podcast feed on your favorite app.
Thank you so much for doing that.
And hey, either leave us a nice review, please, or tell a friend about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice and we
want more voices in the room so we can talk constructively about the things going on in
our industry and not about bank robbers.
We'll be back next week, of course.
And then not here in two weeks as the show goes through some changes with the relocation,
but it'll still be the same old good old OLR that you know and love.
But I hope you will join us next week despite the concert bookended by that little ball
game on TV.
I think that's it.
Dark Sakura.
What is your final thought tonight?
Keep your salty shit about no way out of my end game chat.
All right.
Have fun and Debbie delight.
We'll see you in a little bit.
All right.
Why is Debbie so delightful?
She's kind of a bitch lately because she because she did Dallas.
And she's sore now.
Bye bye.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you.
Your final thought.
Final thought is I need to work more on Minecraft.
I need to figure out some different things to do in there.
So, um, my final thought is I'll probably do like one personal stream this week, but
then I'm going to be on a little bit of a break because of the move.
I'm sure y'all can understand.
But yeah, I'm really excited to getting to a new place in a new setup.
S200 Matt, I think a good thought here too says mask up, get vaxxed and boosted, stay
home when you're sick.
Right, Loki?
You're staying home because you're sick.
Right.
Yeah.
On a serious note, feel better.
I'm sorry that happened, but I hope it's, it sounds like, has it been, it hasn't been
that bad, right?
Cause you, you got vaxxed and boosted.
So it's just been, yeah, it's been, I mean, it's been like a, just like a cold.
I mean, I don't know, like, but right now I just have that.
I mean, like the cough and phlegm phase.
So I understand.
I was wondering if I, you know, I've just had this most sore throat for like an entire
week and then that was it.
This is weird.
I don't know.
Maybe it's nothing.
All right.
That's I did take an at home test actually.
And it was negative, but I know those at home tests.
Well, here's the funny thing too.
I took an at home test too, and it was also negative.
And then you took the lab test and it was positive.
Um, well, my son took a test at school cause he had gotten a cold.
So we thought, Oh, he just had what I had.
And then he got some symptoms.
So he, we kept him up for a day or two just to, you know, until his fever went down.
And then he got back to school and he had to take a test there before they let him in.
They're like, it's positive.
I'm like, uh, dang it.
Yeah.
But the one, the ones that like, dang it, the one, the actual, the tests actually at
like the hospitals aren't as good as the at home test.
Cause the ones that the hospitals will detect it up to like 90 days after it's been in your
system.
So like, it's not a good indicator whether you have COVID still.
Um, it's just, if you've had it recently, um, but the at home tests, at least that's
those pediatricians that said the at home tests are the way to go.
I don't know, but we'll see.
All right.
Well stay safe everyone.
I mean, it does seem like it sucks Loki that we're at the, at this finish line basically
when it comes to Omicron and things are going down and lucky you, here you are.
But hopefully, hopefully this is a sign of the, the, the thing.
Cause the, you know, the long-term stuff isn't a big deal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Here's hoping fingers and toes crossed.
All right.
That's it everyone.
We'll be back in seven days for episode 903.
Happy gaming everyone.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time.
Hey, next week we get to celebrate one year of Pixel Poops.
So tune in next week for that.
The actual one year anniversary.
Uh, good night everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Uh, have a good one.
Oops.
Maybe it would help if I hit the right button that says credits and not classic game B roll.
Let's try that again.
Good night everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
