The software publisher Laundry Landscape has been flowing for years.
God Galaxy, Epic Games Store, Battle.net, a few among the many.
The landscape is ebbing just a touch with Bethesda choosing to close up their direct
storefront shop and move their library back to Steam.
Consolidation in action, business in motion, time ticks on.
P.S.
Fuck war.
This is my standout story.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where Every
Gamer Has a Voice
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where Every Gamer Has a Voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again for episode number 904 of our show.
For tonight, February the 27th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Do not adjust your TV sets over here at Twitch.tv.
Yes, it looks different tonight because as we've been hyping up on the show for the last
few weeks, I've moved.
I'm in a brand new location and yeah, we just did a minor facelift on some things to accommodate
for that.
At the same bandwidth, same token, some things might be off that they were before.
I'm understanding my audio might be a little bit echoey.
I've got some things to kind of fix there.
This room is not quite set up completely the way I want it to for the future, but please
bear with us while we work through some of the kinks.
Literally was working on the show up until 15 minutes before we went live tonight.
So there probably will be some things that go wrong as we get used to broadcasting here
from studio number 8 for the show or as I've been calling it studio infinity because as
you know, it's in a virtual environment, so the space is limitless.
And joining me-
So it's not studio Sense8?
Yes.
Say hello, hello Dark Sakura as she is always here.
No, it is not studio Sense8.
That was canceled, unfortunately, by Netflix.
And it lives on through us.
Wait.
That's right.
That's right.
It does in a way, or at least it lives on in the Wachowski universe because I believe
a lot of those folks that were acting in that were in the Matrix movie, which I never did
see.
I was-
I need to see the new one.
And of course, we do tape live still as we do every week over at the Voice Geeks Network
twitch.tv slash vog network, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
And it was nice to have both of our shows on this week because last week we were off
two weeks ago, Bobby was off.
So we were both here tonight.
And I see you all in chat.
Hello, hello.
Pod Culture saying Sense8 was great.
Had one of my faves in it.
I love Sense8 too.
It was a great show.
I didn't watch the movie.
I still have to get caught up on that.
I will at some point.
Also joining us as he does every week.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Good.
Did you ever watch Sense8?
Were you a fan of that?
No.
I didn't watch it.
Oh, I actually never watched it either.
I'm just saying.
What?
What?
All right.
If they're already made, you should check it out.
I did at least watch like the first season.
I'm pretty sure I saw the second season too.
It's pretty good.
If you guys do notice like, oh my gosh, the audio is like way off or something, please
feel free to holler and chat and I'll do my best to fix it as we go live.
But this is very much a screw it.
We'll do it live tonight because yeah, again, I just got settled into this space not even
a week ago and like got everything set up for OLR just in the past few days.
And today I've been very busy.
It's not just been unpacking with this new place, but it's been trying to get the old
place settled and taken care of as well.
And we purged a lot of shit at the old place.
And yeah, so there's that as well.
So pop culture says you got to dial it in and that takes time.
Well, thank you.
Thank you for understanding.
Appreciate that.
That is for sure.
We'll try to figure out.
Yeah.
All the fun stuff going on.
I expect immediate perfection.
Do you?
No.
From us, no.
Yeah, I know.
It's, it's, it's going to always be a little, a little weird.
That's just a, that's just the way it is here at a OLR.
Yeah.
They're saying that I sound distant, which I wonder if I'm not coming through the webcam,
but I'm supposed to in fact be coming through this mic that's sitting here.
I wonder if somehow that didn't get screwed up at some point, which is certainly, it's
certainly possible.
That's for sure.
But we'll see.
Oh, we'll see.
It says mic default.
Maybe if I, maybe if I do that, don't put it as default, just make the
selection.
I wonder, that's trusting windows and you can never trust windows.
Did that change anything?
I just did.
Maybe.
Not really.
Oh, dammit.
I thought that might be it.
All right.
Well, that's something I'll have to take a look at a little bit later.
So sorry if I sound a little weird.
Uh, I am using, I would say the weird thing is I'm using the same mic, the wave three
that I use for streaming, or at least I'm supposed to be, which sounds really nice when
I'm streaming.
So, um, yeah, I don't know what's going on.
So, um, if worse comes to worse, I still have the old mixing board and mic and I can always
get that all set up again.
Um, and maybe that's just what I'll end up doing.
We'll see.
It's, it's a learning experience here in our new studio, but do y'all like my, do y'all
like my burger time machine that you see behind me here on Twitch?
I'm noticing there's a little bit of a space next to it as well, that a nice little something
something could fit over here.
But what I also don't have set up is I have a ton of amiibo figures and other little things
and trinkets that I want, um, that I want to be using.
And I want that to all be set up as well.
And uh, yeah, so there's also what you guys don't see just off frame.
There's a walk-in closet and I've actually thought about having the arcade machines in
the walk-in closet.
So it's actually like a little walk-in arcade.
Um, that might be kind of fun.
We'll see.
We'll see.
There's still a lot of things to decide.
Anyway, we're going to get into the news, uh, as we do here, let's get into our kickoff
topic tonight.
Uh, a very big, uh, direct that happened this morning, right?
Uh, Loki, maybe you want to start us off here.
Yes.
It's a Pokemon themed.
I don't know.
Was it a direct or was it just like some other thing?
I don't think it was a direct.
It was like, well, today is actually the anniversary of Pokemon.
So today is like the anniversary of the games releasing, uh, the original red and green,
uh, in Japan.
And so, uh, they usually try to do a little something today.
So it was like Pokemon, Pokemon day celebration, if you will.
Uh, Mike Deaf says it's Pokemon presents was the actual name of it.
Uh, yeah.
Pokemon presents?
Sign me up.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
So they had a big announcement, well, lots of announcements actually.
So kind of going down the list here, uh, the biggest one obviously is new mainline entry.
So Pokemon Scarlet and Violet, which are coming to Nintendo switch later this year to which
those trailers look pretty cool.
It looks open world.
It looks like Pokemon ArcSIS.
Did we have the B team working on the art for ArcSIS because this looks a lot better
than that.
And if you compare contrast to the game that just came out and it's like, eh, all those
complaints that people were saying about the art style, yeah, kind of valid.
Um, so that's coming out and of course the three starters that they have for that as
well.
Um, which one looks kind of like Donald Duck.
And then, uh, we've got a, it looks like now I'm assuming that this, are they all of
the Alolan Pokemon, but apparently Pokemon goes getting Alolan Pokemon March 1st.
We've already had some Alolan Pokemon as part of different events, but, uh, apparently we're
going to be getting more of them or all of them.
I don't know.
So that's coming very soon.
Pokemon Go tends to run things or roll things out like slowly.
Um, so when they say Alolan Pokemon are coming to Pokemon Go, it'll probably be like the
starters and, uh, maybe some of the, like, really like S or not S tier, but like F tier
kind of Pokemon in that game, you know, the normal types in the first area, uh, that'll
come through, uh, probably won't be a lot.
And then they'll release more throughout the year if it goes by, by like, um, the, the,
uh, like gen five and six and all that did.
Yeah.
Uh, apparently the mobile Pokemon game, um, so I'm assuming they're talking about Pokemon
Go.
Maybe, um, they're saying the Pokemon Dex is expanded to include gen seven editions
from sun and moon.
Um, Pokemon masters, ex ads, victory road and Pokemon cafe remix.
It gets a delivery feature as well.
All these games, I have no idea what they are.
Um, what else?
Uh, Pokemon unite is getting a mayhem mode and let's see brilliant diamond and shining
Pearl are getting shaman.
And I think Arxis had some updates as well.
There's supposed to be a 1.1 version cats or K whatever.
I don't care.
Arxis it Arceus.
I don't know how you pronounce it.
I don't care because they cut corners on their art.
So I'm going to cut corners on the pronunciation.
You can use a code, I guess, to get some free balls in the game.
So our case, Arxis adventure, whatever, however you want to pronounce that, um, if you use
that by March 31st, you get some free pokey balls and they're getting an anime adaptation
of it as well.
And I saw there was like actual DLC or something, but maybe not, maybe it's a bit early for
that.
There's just that patch, which it wasn't clear to me what all is in the patch.
I think it sounds like they're doing, um, like from what I was picking up, like some
of those, um, the, the encounters in the wild where like a ton of them show up, which I
can't remember the name of in the moment.
Um, but there was a whole quest line that I think will show more of those, that more
of those will show up.
So it wasn't DLC, but it's more like, just like a patch basically.
That's going to put more content in the game, massive mass outbreaks.
That's what Mike Deaf says in the chat, uh, outbreaks of alpha Pokemon.
I don't remember that being in the main game and I caught that that was in the trailer.
So I was like, Oh, that was scary.
Yeah.
And then, um, Pokemon sleep, um, nothing like that.
Pokemon sleep forever.
Yeah.
Uh, Mike Deaf says you get multiple outbreaks now instead of one.
Oh, that's good.
Cause the outbreaks are a really good way to catch shinies.
I know that's like the preferred shiny hunting method at this point.
You kind of combine that with having a really complete pokey decks and I think the shiny
charm and you put all that together and it makes the shinies like a lot more obtainable
than they were before.
So yeah.
So yeah, basically what they've done with the new update is they're modeling the outbreaks
of Pokemon based on COVID-19 outbreaks.
And so you'll see a lot more, a lot, a lot more Pokemon now because of that.
I see.
I see.
And it'll fade pretty quick, hopefully.
Yes.
It'll fade pretty quick.
It'll come out and everybody will forget our arcades didn't exist.
For a little while you'll lose your taste and play like bad Pokemon games.
You'll lose your taste for Pokemon and go play Elden Ring for a little while, which
is what it seems like everybody is doing this week.
I have zero interest in that game.
Everybody fucking dropped what they were doing to go play Elden Ring.
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
I'm not super big on Souls games.
I'm not big on George R.R. Martin.
I'm not here to yuck somebody's yum.
My husband loves those soul games, so I'm excited for him.
I've watched people streaming the game.
I get it.
It's just one of those things where I'm like, I just, I got other stuff I need to play right
now.
I won't piss in y'all's cornflakes, but I'll go eat some Froot Loops.
That that part.
Exactly that.
All right.
So, yeah.
So that was a nice little, again, Gen 9.
I was not expecting that whatsoever for that to come out.
And this year.
I thought like this would have been the Pokemon game of the year and that'd be it.
I would, especially with everything else on the Switch, having getting been pushed back,
I am shocked really that we are getting a new mainline Pokemon game this year.
That is for sure.
So, yeah, that is cool.
I'm really excited to play that at some point.
So let's see.
Dartisia in chat says, oh, my wife got Elden Ring.
I think she's digging it.
I might try it, although I'm knee deep in my second Cyberpunk playthrough.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream says, I've been watching an Australian lady catch all the shinies, then all the alpha
shinies.
Oh, my God.
That sounds like a nightmare to do that, too.
She's amazing.
Awesome.
Hey, that's like Elden Ring.
I watch people play it and it's fun, but I just don't think the you died, you died, you
died, you died is for me.
I've tried it.
I tried to play the original Demon's Souls.
I tried to play Dark Souls, I think, or one of the other ones.
I tried to play Bloodborne.
I just wasn't feeling it.
Sorry.
Mike Deft in chat says, the new games may be based on Spain or at least in the Mediterranean
Sea area.
Yeah, they haven't said for sure, but the name of one of the Pokémon to me kind of
sounded like, oh, I wonder if that isn't like influenced, like with Spain or something was
kind of interesting.
Which did you guys see the new starter type Pokémon?
I was curious what you guys thought of that.
I didn't bother.
Oh, look them up.
I like the Weed Cat.
There's Weed Kitty, there's Applegator and there's Emoduck.
Emod.
That's what I'm calling him anyway.
Mike Deft says, Springatito and Fuecoco.
Now see, that sounds like what Dark Sakura might actually name a pet, except it would
be FuegoGo, not Fuecoco.
But it's really close.
DJ RomaeF says, it's Kingdom Hearts Donald, not Emoduck.
I think they're all cute.
Like I don't, I have to see what they evolve into, but we'll see.
I don't know if these names sound more, yeah, they definitely do sound Italian, like not
so much Castilian, but more Italian because like Fuecoco, you know, like, I don't know,
that would think that would be more Fiore, Fue would be like related to Spanish, I would
think.
But the, I'm missing the other T in Springatito and I'm wanting to say Springatitio, you know,
so maybe, yeah, I guess they are a little bit more of the Castilian variety.
We're getting a little lesson from Mike Deft in chat, who I know is fluent in Spanish,
saying Gatitio equals little cat in Spanish and Coco equals Coco Drilo, which is also
Spanish.
Interesting.
So, well, we'll see.
My heart hurts that the cat is a grass type and that the fire type looks so freaking ridiculous.
Like I hate it.
I like that he's a cute little alligator.
I might just move on and play, you know, Dewey Duck.
I think a lot of people are going to play Dewey Duck.
That's for sure.
I don't know.
This might be the first time I start with a grass type if I play it because I'll be
honest, the last Pokemon game, I got halfway through it and I was like, this is why I don't
play Pokemon.
That was me with every single Pokemon game until Sword and Shield, which I absolutely
loved and beat.
So I did exactly the same with Sword and Shield as I do with every other Pokemon game.
Exactly the same.
I made it a little bit further in that one.
I actually got like to the fifth gym and then I was like, oh, I'm bored now.
It's just repetitive.
Yeah, I get it.
For me, it's like, oh my God, I feel the need that I have to collect everything in one area.
And that can be very overwhelming.
But with Sword and Shield's very open area, it was, I don't know, it felt a little less
like daunting.
And now that this game is going to be all open area, it sounds like kind of like Arceus
a little bit.
It's just still separated into five areas.
Let's be real.
But I'm into it.
I'm really open minded about it.
That's for sure.
Let's see.
Okay, before we get into our gaming weeks, as we usually do towards the top of the show,
I think we have to say something.
I know we play video games to escape some of the dramas of the real world, but I think
we really have to acknowledge what's going on with Putin's invasion of Ukraine right
now, which is obviously an extraordinarily shitty situation.
I know a lot of people are saying it's Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which is technically
accurate.
But I know there's a lot of Russian people that aren't happy about it either.
So I'm calling it Putin's one crazed madman's unnecessary invasion of a country.
And obviously, my heart goes out to, I don't know if we have listeners in Ukraine or that
area, but my heart goes out to the folks there and I hope everybody is safe throughout all
that.
There's an artist though that I follow in Russia, who I'm on Patreon.
He does NSFW stuff, but his art is beautiful, named Dima.
And he sent out a letter to all his patrons talking about how he's expecting like a full
internet lockdown.
And I mean, this is, you know, his livelihood.
And it's really, really depressing.
There's a lot of people in Russia who are negatively affected by this and completely
don't support the action whatsoever.
They're dealing with their you-know-who, you know?
Yep.
Yep.
And I've heard, unfortunately, some stuff on Facebook.
So I always take it with a grain of salt, but that we have a very large Russian population
here in the Sacramento area.
And unfortunately, I'm already hearing about people are bashing local businesses and stuff
when it's like, that makes no sense whatsoever because most people came over here to get
away from Putin and all that.
I mean, and then on top of the fact that again, not everybody in Russia is supporting what
Putin's doing.
So don't be stupid about it.
Yeah.
So let's just hope that a peaceful resolution can be found quickly.
And Putin obviously needs to lose a lot of the access that he has now.
I'm digressing a little bit, but this does have to do with video games, absolutely, because
a lot of your video games are being developed in Ukraine and the region and of course, streamers
and fans, of course, lots in Ukraine.
I was going to mention there's a very well-known Final Fantasy XIV streamer that was an American,
I believe, living in Ukraine, going to school or something like that.
And she's been given updates and I think she's in Poland right now as a lot of people have
gone over there and so forth.
So there's just a whole big fucking country getting attacked.
It's mind blowing when you're on the other side of the world.
You can't fathom what's going on.
But you're definitely hearing from people that are over there and gaming companies that
are over there and how they are reacting.
So we have GSE Game World, who is the studio that's behind the Stalker series or S-T-A-L-K-E-R.
They wrote a tweet that is asking folks to share their post with special aid information.
4A Games, who makes the Metro games, also shared a statement.
Frogwares said in their Twitter, we can't just stand by.
Russia attacks our homeland and denies the sovereignty of Ukraine.
We are trying to stay safe, but this is war.
There's no two ways about it.
We call on everyone to force Putin to withdraw from our lands.
Esports organizations, Navi is based out of Ukraine and shared a donation link.
Publishers, Crativo, TinyBuild, trying to help their employees that are based out of Ukraine.
I mean, this goes on and on and on.
I'm sure you've seen an awful lot on social media about it.
It definitely seems like, I don't know how y'all feel, but I definitely feel almost helpless
sometimes watching this stuff unfold on TV.
Obviously, there are humanitarian organizations that if you are able to, would happily be
able to accept donations and money and things like that, and there's no shortage of suggestions
out there online.
Spreading awareness is actually very important because there's disinformation campaigns going
on within Russia about what is actually happening.
Where have I heard of disinformation campaigns being a thing before?
Anyway, I don't want to get off the mark too much, but we know that disinformation goes
on out there, so sharing information is very important as well.
Mike Deaf points out, this war of mine is donating all their profits to help out Ukraine.
Yes, I saw that.
The devs of that game.
The game is called This War of Mine.
That is 11-bit studios that made that game, that is doing that as well.
Obviously, the games industry is absolutely impacted by this because the entire world
is impacted by this.
I think this is why many of us really pray for, or whatever it is you do, for a quick
resolution to this whole situation.
Anything that any of my co-hosts wanted to add on that before we get to our gaming weeks?
No, I didn't really have anything.
He could stop.
That's the thing.
He could stop.
Anytime.
Supposedly, they are going to do some talks in Belarus.
I'm trying not to get too optimistic, but what else can I do?
But try to have hope.
I saw that people are wondering why Ukraine isn't trying to go for other methods, reach
out, but there was a sign that I saw that summed that up perfectly that Russia could
stop anytime and the war would be over.
If Ukraine stops, there's no more Ukraine.
That's an excellent point.
There's already pictures of bodies.
They may be triggering for some people.
I don't want to shy away from the fact.
That's fine if you can't look at it, but someone does need to see it and drive home.
It's one thing when you hear it on TV or see it on Twitter or something, or us talking
about it.
It's another thing when you let it become real for you.
On that note, though, and I think this is very important because we've seen where video
games again come into play here, be very careful of misinformation and trusted video sources
because we've seen on Twitter where old video game footage from war-based games is being
circulated and labeled actual footage from what's going on and people are really quick
to retweet that shit.
You've got to be very careful.
I think we all have a responsibility when we click that Retreat button or just question
the source.
If the source is coming from a news account you've never heard of, question that.
You've just got to be careful.
Again, for news sources that you do recognize, check them on the bias map.
You want to stay center of the road as much as possible.
If you do read something that's slanted one direction, make sure you read something that
is equally slanted the opposite direction.
Have a well-rounded view of it.
The truth will be somewhere in the middle.
J.B.
WOGAN There's a point that none of the fake videos use Command & Conquer Red Alert.
I mean, really, that's just a missed opportunity in my opinion.
A.P.
Not going to go there.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games that we have been
playing this week and how was your gaming week.
How have you been taking your mind off of?
I mean, you think like just when COVID, I don't want to say COVID is going away because
we all know COVID is never going away.
But just when it seems like-
J.B.
WOGAN Oh, we're going into summer.
It's going to get bad.
A.P.
COVID is in a dip, we'll say.
Just when you think like COVID is in a dip and it's safe to do certain things, now this
happens.
And it's just like, can't we have a normal fucking summer ever again?
J.B.
WOGAN We're going to need a bigger boat.
A.P.
At least we have video games.
So how was your gaming week?
Dark Soccer.
I'll start with you as I always do.
J.B.
WOGAN Well, I pretty much my Saturday and Wednesday post work streams have been dedicated
to the Legend of Zelda and Link to the Past.
I am cheating because I can.
I'm not playing the game for a challenge.
I'm playing the game because I fucking love the game and I love playing it and I love
going around and finding shit.
You know, I once again, true to form, did the palaces out of order because I always
do blind the thief before I do the forest palace.
And I don't even know why.
I've always done it that way.
And I keep thinking, oh, I'll do it the right way.
Well, isn't blind first?
Don't I do that one first?
No.
So I just said, screw it.
I can do them out of order if I want to.
I'm an adult.
So, um, but I finished, um, palace six.
I now have all of the items except what I need from, uh, seven and eight, which I get
the one of the staves, I think either in seven or eight and then the mirror shield.
Um, and I get the red mail from somewhere as well.
I got, I got the, the one stave last night, uh, staff staves, you know what I mean?
Um, at any rate, um, I've really, I've really been enjoying that and I'm trying
to decide what I want to do next.
I might do terror enigma or I might do playing, you know, shooter of Saturn games and being
bad at it.
Like the original gun bird or radiant silver gun, or I might actually play grandia.
I have a translated Saturn version of it and I'm actually kind of considering playing grandia.
So we'll see.
Maybe I'll make a poll.
I definitely moving on the soul blazer trilogy with a terror enigma.
I well, I played such a good underrated series.
And the one I haven't really played a whole lot of is terror enigma.
So that's kind of why I'm thinking about that.
I'm also considering Seiken Densetsu three, so we'll see.
I've got so many, you know, things up, up, you know, on my list and everything.
I might even just play like bad power Rangers games.
I don't know.
I'll figure it out.
But, um, I'm also of course playing dead by daylight.
I've been hanging out with Debbie a little bit less because, uh, she's a bitch.
Um, I have accidentally adopted nemesis.
Like oops, I, I adopted, um, so that's another one off of my list cause I hate playing nemesis.
I did a chat.
It's like the challenge that they give you like right when you start off the game.
I forgot what they call those challenges, like the dailies.
And it was to sacrifice two people.
I didn't remember that I still had my adapt build on so, and I expected to totally like
kill nobody because I suck at nemesis, but I got a four K and I thanked the people I
played against.
Uh, you know, I, I, okay, so I have to take a little tangent, little tangent.
I have been doing this thing now where instead of being bitchy or trolly in postgame chat,
I'm actually being really nice, really nice, like, Hey, I'm a little bit off my game.
Congrats.
Hope you have a great night.
And if people are really cool, then I will give them my favorite blessing.
May you jump in the hatch in front of a camping basement, Bubba.
Um, and for the most part, people who have started off being like really rude and trolly
actually apologize and turn around because I have made them feel like shit because that's,
that's what's reverse trolling, reverse trolling.
Or there's people who are genuinely nice and you know, and I typically mean it when I say
have a good evening and are like, Oh, well you too.
And that's my little piece to combat toxicity in the game.
And so far it actually makes my games feel like they're more fun when I'm done.
If I put a little positive spin at the end, I mean, the one thing I'll do is like, Oh,
all of you are great except for the loser that disconnected.
And then I report them.
So that's the one thing I'm trying to do.
I'm trying to make my little corner of gaming slightly more delightful instead of toxic
sludge.
I like that.
Yeah.
Um, I am also of course still playing Fantasian, but now I am like way too low level to do
damn near anything.
Like I got my ass handed to me on a battle that it said I was at the right level for.
So I might actually do more of Fantasian offline just to, uh, just to grind a little bit and
uh, go back to, go back to it when I'm not feeling as, uh, pained by it.
So, um, and you know, other than that, it's just been, you know, we had some pinball stuff
going on.
We're making some hard decisions about which ones we're going to sell to afford the big
one.
Um, they disassembled creature from the black lagoon in the living room yesterday while
I was working.
And that was really intensely annoying.
Oh, wow.
But other than that, been, been pretty, been pretty okay.
Been pretty okay.
So yeah, just those are, those are my, oh, and wordscapes, but it doesn't count.
All right, Loki, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
It was Minecraft, surprise, um, no, so I actually did play a bit of, um, nerdcraft is mostly
like kind of editing stuff, but I did a little bit of, uh, nerdcraft stuff.
I posted a video as a second part of a video I posted, uh, the previous to that, uh, cause
I had a lot of footage.
I had to split it up in two because it had been way too long otherwise.
And then I've been working on a mod pack for, uh, the one 19 snapshot that just came out.
So they have a brand new kind of, uh, experimental snapshot featuring the warden, which is kind
of the new like boss creature that's in the, will be in the upcoming Minecraft version.
And so I created a mod pack with, um, the data packs and stuff in there to spread this
block called skulk around the entire world, basically.
Um, with that skulk has this thing called a skulk sensor that detects vibrations.
And if you, um, do enough movement or hit things or whatever, it'll send off, it can
possibly send off this other block, which is called a skulk shrieker.
And if that goes off in the right scenario, then the warden spawns and it's basically
not easily killed.
I mean, you can kind of cheese it right now cause it's still work in progress, but it's,
you know, basically a tank.
You can't just like fight it hand to hand.
You have to kind of cheese it if you want to win.
So I'm building a whole Minecraft hardcore series around that where it's just spawning
everywhere.
Cause I see all these videos of people like going into the new biome in the game called
the deep dark and they're like, Oh my God, once, you know, warden, this is so intense
and stuff.
I'm like, you haven't seen anything yet.
So, um, that's what I'm working on.
So I have a new series.
I put out a little teaser trailer for it called the deep dark world, and then I just
needed to start filming it.
I did kind of a live stream last Sunday, a similar concept I added.
I finally got shares working.
So that's why I'm also restarting the series and the seed was on before was kind of boring.
So I'm going to try to get a better seed to play in and then, um, yeah.
And so we'll film that and then kind of want to edit, you know, uh, very, uh, cinematically.
So I'll do that the side from all that, uh, gaming wise, I got a new computer.
Um, it's not hooked up yet because it's slightly broken at the moment.
So it, it's, it's no fault of the person that sent it to me.
It's something came loose or something happened in shipping.
And so my radiator on it, the fans don't spin, they, they light up, but they don't spin,
which tells me that the, uh, PC fan, uh, cable or whatever, whatever's controlling
the speed of the fans is not hooked up or something.
Although I can't see anything that's disconnected.
So, um, I don't know, I'm going to probably have to take it to a shop to have them look
at it.
Cause I just, I just don't want to mess with it.
Um, but it's very nice.
It's um, it's an I nine, I think 10, 900, uh, KF or something like that.
Um, I think that's what it was maybe 10, 700.
I don't remember, but it's, you know, 10 cores, 20 threads, uh, fast three, seven up to I
think five, four, um, gigahertz as 32 gigs of Ram, six terabyte hard drives.
Um, it's a got a 30, 80 TI in it and a dedicated capture card.
So it's like perfect for streaming.
Um, so that's kind of what I wanted it for.
Um, also cause my stupid laptop is so loud that I have to literally edit my voice.
I have to record my voice separate and then I have to edit out these loud fan from it.
Although now that I look at it, you know, I've, this thing has like so many fans on
it.
It may be louder, but, and I had to have it on my desk cause, uh, you know, the cables
won't reach otherwise.
Um, it will be a mess.
So hopefully it's not louder, but I'm looking forward to playing around the 30, 80 TI cause
it's going to be pretty good.
I mean, this is not bad right now.
It's got a 20, 70 in it, but you know, it'd be nice not to have a laptop anymore.
Um, cause I've been playing on like gaming laptops for a while and um, it's just nice
to have like a dedicated desktops.
I don't really take my computer anywhere anymore.
I used to like take it all over the place and it liked to the show and stuff, but, um,
you know, it'll be nice to kind of have that.
Plus we'll still have my laptop if I need to, you know, do stuff with it.
All right.
Um, let's see, my gaming week, uh, my gaming week was pretty unexciting because of the
move and everything.
So there's very little I've been playing, uh, like, like dark Sakura has her word scapes.
I've been playing word hole.
Uh, but now, now it's not just wordle.
I really enjoy cordle, the one that's four of them at once.
And then the one that's really awesome as is seto wordle or it's 16, 16 wordles, all
at once in 21 guesses, uh, that one is a lot of fun.
So I've, I've still found, found time for things like that.
Uh, but otherwise, as far as like playing like actual games, like my consoles aren't
even hooked up right now.
Um, that's something I've got to take care of in the coming days.
I had to get some new HDMI cables.
I really want to get on the new expedition for no man's sky.
So when I do get set up, I'm hoping I can do some streaming.
The nice thing about this new space, Alan and I have separate spaces.
We can stream together and our internet, now that we have fiber internet, we don't
have cable.
We have fiber now.
So our, our upload is as fast as our downloads.
So that is, that is why also dark soccer and Loki can actually see the show.
I don't know if you guys know for the past, you know, however long we've been doing the
show virtually, they could never see me during the show.
You guys could be, but they couldn't, but now I'm uploading so much.
Uh, they can see me, you can see me and, uh, Alan could probably be streaming right now
as well and it wouldn't affect anything.
So that'll be really fun.
So I'm hoping we can get into that and maybe some, uh, dead by daylight and who knows what,
but honestly, I've been playing a little dead by daylight, uh, and Final Fantasy 14, just
because they're on my PC, easy decompression games.
Um, but I haven't been playing a lot.
I would say my big dead by daylight achievement, I got Felix to level 50 and I'm probably going
to prestige him.
Um, and that's because he still doesn't have borrowed time.
So I'll probably just prestige him.
Um, and that does remind me.
Yeah, I should have pig P three 50 this week.
Oh, nice.
Congrats.
Um, I, there is one game.
Okay.
So here's the nice thing.
Now that I have the fiber internet, that's unlimited.
I went through and patched all these fucking games that I've been waiting on for so long.
And even Alan reminded me last night, you could download flight simulator again.
And I was like, I could, you're right.
I haven't done that yet, but one of the games that I patched, I've been waiting on for forever
is DJ max technica on a PC, the steam version.
And I actually played a little bit of that.
I don't, when did they start doing season content and that game?
Cause I've missed that and they're up to like season four.
Whoops.
Uh, so I was playing a little bit of that.
I had to play flea.
It's my favorite song.
And then I was checking out some other songs that they've added in that as well.
So I guess there was a little bit of that, that might add a surprise in a good way.
Some of our music game fans is that I was getting back into DJ max technica this week.
Thanks to, uh, getting everything patched.
All right.
Um, that's it for our gaming week.
Let's get into some more news again, if you're just joining us tonight.
Uh, this is the first show in a new space.
Some things may be a little bit off and echoey while we try to get things worked out.
So sorry about that, but we wanted to do a show, which is better than no show.
Uh, let's get to some big headlines this week.
Loki.
Yes.
Capcom had teased with a countdown and then an announcement.
Um, street fighter six is coming out with ultra wide, uh, Ryu.
He is like super ultra wide and his very defined Dick in the trailer.
Or at least that's what some people are seeing in that trailer.
I'm just saying, you know, he was my first video game crush.
Oh yeah.
He's still my video game crush.
Come on.
No, I, I think, I think it's just a fold.
And the clothes, but you know how some people will, it's what do they call it?
The Roshashark test, the ink blots.
Some people will see different things and some people are seeing some things in Ryu's
pants.
So there is that.
Um, but yeah, the, the trailer was, it's short.
It didn't show any gameplay whatsoever.
So it wasn't,
I don't know who the other character is.
I don't know if it's a new character or some other character, but
I think his name is Lucas.
He was the last street fighter five DLC character.
And I'm assuming it is what was all intended to be a tie into six all along.
So, um, I think that's what that is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, the more exciting thing I think is actually the Capcom fighting collection,
which has a bunch of different games in there, uh, including dark
stockers, the night warriors, night warriors, dark stockers, revenge, vampire
hunter to dark stockers, revenge, vampire savior, vampire savior to red earth, super
gem fighter, mini mix cyber bots, full metal madness, super puzzle fighter to
turbo and hyper street fighter to the anniversary edition.
There's not as many red earth.
I know.
I was going to say, you said a bunch of games and red earth, red earth.
Yeah.
There's not a lot of street fighter in there because they just did a street
fighter collection.
So it makes sense.
Um, but yeah, dark Sakura.
Uh, I don't know if you've done red earth as a classic game of the week, but let's,
let's talk about that.
Why are you so excited about this?
It never got any sort of home port.
Here anyway, did it, did it?
No, I guess it never came out in Japan either.
Wow.
No, it's they, you, I mean, the, the two times I've played, it was once in an
arcade game and another one on somebody's a CPS converter.
Wow.
And it had, it had another name in Japan, right?
It was, uh, I can't remember the name of it.
They call it somebody in chat.
No, I know what it was called.
It was, um, called, uh, uh, Warzard.
That's it.
Warzard.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nice.
And on top of that, the red earth wasn't really that widespread here in the U S
and the only character that a lot of people knew from that game was, uh, um,
Tessa or Tabasa.
Uh, dark Tetsuya, uh, a well, our historian in the house saying red earth was the
classic game of the week, episode 829.
That's a little more recently than I would have thought that
was three years ago.
Nice.
But it's, it's a beautiful game.
I mean, of course it's got that sort of alpha, um, era artwork, but I mean, the
game came out in, in 96 and it's, it's still just as beautiful, but you know,
what's not as beautiful the new street fighter six logo.
It's beautiful.
I don't hate it.
I don't, I heard the clip art thing.
I think that's just a weird coincidence because it is a minimalist style.
I don't hate it, but it's like when you don't show a single frame of the game,
which is what Capcom chose to do.
And I understand a teaser is a teaser fine.
And all you give is the logo for people to dissect and make their
three hour YouTube's about, then this is exactly what you're going to get.
Right.
Is what's happening in this particular case.
So, you know, I don't hate the logo, but I want to see it emotion.
I want to see like, what is the, what does the UI look like?
You know, does it justify the logo?
So, um, going back to the Capcom fighting collection, we have a lot of people in
chat that of course are bringing up, uh, rival schools, uh, and the, or the
lack thereof in this collection, SSJ owner Matt says project justice or rival
school just can't get on these Capcom collections.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
Is it just one of those Capcom is saving it for a different collection or I mean,
I usually like to think they're just being assholes is not like really like an
explanation, although God damn when Nintendo's back catalog, it sure sometimes
feels like it, but I feel like there's gotta be a bit like, is there a rights
issue?
I don't know about like maybe the music.
I have no idea.
It's wild.
Isn't it like, because that's the 3d engine, whereas these are all 2d.
I mean, it's that have anything to do with it?
You think?
Possibly, but I feel like that hasn't stopped other games.
Don't they have like, I'm sure that they've got emulators at this point that
can handle rival schools.
They're like, I wouldn't be that hard.
Now DJRMS again, this is all just rumors and, you know, conclusion jumping.
I think it's a good way to put it, but it's a, it's a logical one.
It's plausible.
We'll say, uh, DJRMS says supposedly Capcom lost the license to rival schools.
I assume because the rival schools was done on the EX engine, which is
connected to Arika, I think so that could be in the characters.
Yeah, I guess so, but that could explain why the other game has never been just
like re-released to one of these collections.
So, uh, Zen Monkey 11 says, you know what?
They just ruined rival schools.
Let it stay the gem that it is.
I can see that perspective as well.
You'll never, you'll never top the original.
Who knows?
No, I, I, how did they, how did they ruin it?
Project Justice was great.
Well, but, but it's many, many years later now than the distance between those two.
So maybe, I don't know.
I don't know.
Uh, Mike Deff does say they didn't lose it because there's literally a rival
school's character in the last season past the Street Fighter 5.
So the characters, I think, yeah, the IP and all that, uh, is probably still good,
but we don't know so much about the actual game game.
Uh, as Joe and Hermat does point out, maybe it's connected to why we don't see
Street Fighter EX in any of these collections as well.
Who knows?
Uh, but more to come on Street Fighter 6 in the future, I'm sure.
Speaking of big games with a 6 in them, uh, many, many people happy about the
release of the Final Fantasy 6 pixel remaster this week, uh, and this is a
little bit different than the other five pixel remasters that they did because
they've actually put some of that, like two and a half D stuff in this game,
namely the opera scene.
So whereas Final Fantasy 6 pretty much looks like all the other pixel remasters
throughout the entire game, the opera scene they decided to make look a little,
they kicked it up a notch and that doesn't just include this new graphics,
but there's actual singing.
So they actually gave Celeste voice lines and they have an actress singing it.
Now, some people are critical that the voice actress doesn't really
sound like an opera singer, but a lot of people pointing out that would
actually be canon.
If you think about the story and the way that Celeste ends up in the
opera scene anyway, she's not supposed to be a professional opera singer.
Funny enough, in an interview with Nobuo Uematsu talking about all this,
Uematsu kind of confirms this, saying in a quote, the Draco opera song was
supposed to be sung by an opera singer, but Celeste would suddenly appear on
the stage.
If Celeste could actually sing real opera, that would be a lie.
So we had the fixation to intentionally choose someone whose vocals didn't seem
like an opera singer, but more like a musical singer.
So that is kind of interesting.
By the way, if you want, you can hear this now.
It's actually been dubbed or whatever in many different languages.
American English is one of them, but it also exists in Italian, German,
Spanish, Korean, I believe Japanese as well for sure would make sense.
And I think there was one other that's not in this list for some reason, but
still very cool that that all time classic scene exists in all those
different languages.
If you want something more authentic to opera, maybe watch it in Italian and
see what you think.
I'm sure it's all on YouTube by now.
That's for sure.
So a dark to see in chat says, yeah, the opera thing makes sense.
She's a general for the empire and the opera singer thing fell into her lap.
Yeah.
So, um, I'm very, I really, really want to play the six remaster.
The music, the soundtrack is fire.
Like it's really good.
Um, I'm also kind of being a stick in the mud because I want them to fucking
release this on console.
Like how hard is that to do to release this game on console?
Um, and I'm, I'm hoping they, I'm hoping they do.
That's for sure.
So we'll see what happens with that.
Um, on a related note, and I talked about this two weeks ago, cause you
might remember two weeks ago, we were talking about that Nintendo direct and
the surprise announcement of live alive.
And I said, you know, baby, baby, this is a test to see if chrono trigger
is going to happen in this engine.
We'll get this, a report from Fumitsu talking to the developers of triangle
strategy.
They confirmed on a square Enix radio show that president Yotsuka Matsuda once
super Nintendo games remade in that art style.
Well, well, what other super Nintendo games are left?
I suppose there's others, but I'm just, I like to be very tunnel visioned on
this in a quote, producer Tomoya Asano said, the president ordered us to make
more use of HD 2d.
So we decided to think about remakes of past titles.
So we lined up possible titles and thought about which could be done in HD
2d and brought them to the president.
The list in here's here.
Now wait for this.
This is the real exciting part.
So dark Sakura, you were just talking about Terra enigma, right?
Keep that in mind.
The list included titles released by square and Enix for the super Famicom
ones, which were suitable for HD 2d ones, which were unsuitable for it.
And ones which were a possible to play like mahjong games.
Fuck the mahjong games.
We know I want my shop.
Some people are into those.
They, they can have, they can go sit in a corner with the 5,000 other mahjong
titles that exist.
Give me fucking, how many of those mahjong titles are in HD 2d, not very
many.
We lined them all up and made a presentation that live alive was the most
suitable.
The second place was Actraiser and Actraiser has already been released on the
switch as Actraiser Renaissance, even if it didn't end up using the same style.
That is very interesting.
The fact, I, I, I didn't even consider two weeks ago, Enix titles could be in play
as well.
That is, that's exciting.
That's very exciting.
Some comments about the Fanta SE 6 remaster in chat.
5th Dream says the new veld theme, Wild West is so good.
Yes, it is.
I heard it.
It's very, very good.
Mike Deff says about the opera scene.
It's awesome that it translated for many languages.
Interested to check that out.
Dartitsuya in chat says Rob hates mahjong confirmed.
I spent hours and hours playing mahjong solitaire, which was released here as
Shanghai.
You might remember that from like the late 80s.
It was like a quintessential Mac game.
And I remember my uncle had a Mac for his business and he had Shanghai installed on
it, which is, it's just mahjong solitaire.
And I played the shit out of that game.
That's the one where you have the titles and you can only move them out to the side.
You can't move them up and down.
That's how it works.
So that's, yeah, that's, that should be a classic game sometime, sometime if it hasn't
already.
I don't know, maybe.
So yeah, Dartitsuya says, Oh yeah, I think I remember those tile matching games.
So I don't hate mahjong.
I just, we've, we've had that.
We don't need more.
And that's, that's my opinion.
I'm entitled to it.
All right, let's move on to our Sakura.
So I hope I'm not muted because I would be sad.
Okay.
So Nintendo actually did buy somebody as we teased before the show.
So Nintendo has actually acquired one of their partner companies, which is SRD company
limited.
They were a developer of about 140 employees that has worked exclusively on first party
Nintendo software for about 40 years.
They operate near Nintendo's Kyoto headquarters started in 1979 and worked on games as far
back as Donkey Kong and have been, had a hand in just about every major Nintendo franchise,
including the Mario games, Zelda games, animal crossing.
The last thing that they worked on was game builder garage, ring fit adventure, and one
two switch.
So the acquisition is expected to close on April 1st, assuming it gets approved.
Basically the switch is a level of success, allow them to invest in different business
opportunities.
That's including an $880 million expansion of the game development capability.
And their president, Futakara Shintaro said that it would spend up to a hundred billion
yen, which is about 880 million, expanding internal game development and up to 50 billion
yen.
That's about 440 million growing non-game entertainment software assets like movies.
So they've already started office construction to expand the Kyoto office and wanting to
create more games in-house than outsource.
So, yeah, pretty big news.
I mean, not a lot of people know of that company, but they know of what they've done.
Yeah.
And it's funny because, again, going back to two weeks ago when Activision was bought by
Microsoft, Bungie was bought by Sony, a lot of people were like, who's Nintendo going to
buy?
Konami?
And it was like, no, that's not how Nintendo works.
Nintendo buys companies that they, and exactly what those of us that actually pay
attention throughout the years have been saying is this is exactly what's happening.
Nintendo is effectively buying somebody that honest to God, I thought they already owned.
Especially when you talk about the games that they made.
How did they not already own the developers of Ring Fit Adventure and 1-2 Switch?
Honestly, I honestly thought Nintendo already owned them.
And that is very much who Nintendo buys.
Companies you thought were already a part of Nintendo.
And as to 100, Matt says, yeah, I agree.
I thought they already owned them.
Yeah, exactly.
Right.
So, but there you go.
Now you all can shut up.
Nintendo bought somebody.
So everybody bought somebody.
It's a new round.
Round two.
We'll see what happens in the next round of acquisitions.
Right.
All right.
Who's going to get EA?
Stay tuned.
All right.
Moving on.
I was going to say maybe Nintendo might have their eye on EA.
I'm kidding.
All right.
I know.
If your podcast is telling you that, I'm sorry, I shouldn't be shady.
I shouldn't be shady.
I think I'm just, I'm jaded having done this.
Just do it, Rob.
All right.
If your podcast is saying that Nintendo is going to buy EA.
Your podcast isn't paying attention to the gaming industry.
That's all I'm going to say.
Especially after EA left them at the fucking altar with the Wii U stuff.
Nintendo's not buying EA.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get into S200, Matt says, drag them, Rob.
I will.
I will.
Perhaps in a new video game, Dark Soccer, we'll talk about later.
Meanwhile, some companies are buying, some companies are offloading, right, Loki?
Yes.
Well, some some companies are finally reversing course on the dumbest decisions
I've seen in the industry that is self-contained launchers for different
companies.
So Bethesda is getting rid of its launcher and it's going back to Steam.
So that's right.
You'll access all your games through Steam where it should be accessed and not
through Bethesda's stupid launcher.
I'm down.
I love that.
Yeah, I actually have the Bethesda launcher because you could grab free games
on there for a while, like Quake, the original Quake.
Oh, actually, I think they gave away the whole trilogy at some point.
So it'll be nice to just roll that into Steam.
Yeah, and it will be able to migrate to Steam as well.
Yeah.
So that is why I installed the Bethesda launcher.
You can't transfer things over yet.
That doesn't happen until I think April.
Yeah, April is when they're sunsetting that.
Yeah, when I read the news, I was like, oh, okay, let me move things over to
Steam.
And it was like, hold on, bitch, you got to wait until April to do that.
I think there was another big thing they gave away not that long ago.
I don't think it was Skyrim or anything like that.
But I think Bethesda launched, they really tried to get people on that
launcher with freebies.
And well, there's just too many launchers.
This one had to go and there's others that have to go to Ubisoft.
But yeah, Ubisoft, they don't see them doing it because they have their, don't
they have a marketplace built into that as well?
So them in origin.
Did they?
I thought, I thought you could buy the games through the Bethesda launcher.
I'm almost positive that was part of it.
It had to be.
I don't remember.
Yeah.
But yeah, you play is a little bit, come on, like Ubisoft is never going to do
what's right for anybody or their employees because they're still, you
know, protecting harassers of women at their company.
So of course, they're not going to have anybody's best interests other than
themselves in mind.
So they'll never get rid of that launcher.
Dark to see your reminds during QuakeCon.
And then at this last year's, they let people upgrade to Quake Remastered for
free if you had the original.
Yeah.
So if you've, if you've just had that installer sitting on your computer
grabbing freebies, I think about our listener in the past, who I haven't seen
in a while, but he used to always call in about the game deals and stuff and
freebies.
And I'm thinking like that guy just got a big payoff with this.
If he's been collecting the Bethesda, he's going to have a steam library.
It's going to really increase in size after this.
As Stu and Hanumat says, they gave away a ton of games in that game awards video.
That was nothing but a long line of free game codes.
Yes, that's, that's very true.
Very true.
All right.
Well, I know we weren't here last week, but there was at least one really big
headline from last week that I think we ought to touch on.
There was more than one, but I think this is really the big one that a lot of people
were talking about.
And that is the fact that Nintendo plans to end the Wii U and 3DS eShop purchases.
And that is going to end in March of 2023.
So you still have some time, but not a lot because the clock actually starts ticking
in May.
So on May 23rd of 2022, you will no longer be able to use a credit card to add funds
to your eShop account via Wii U or 3DS.
On August 29th, you can't use eShop cards to add funds anymore either.
You can still use download codes, but only until March when everything sunsets.
So now I believe if you already have downloaded games, you will still be able
to download them because that's still the case on the Wii.
They closed the Wii eShop some time ago, but you can still download old titles there.
For how much longer?
Who knows?
But Wii U and 3DS is going to be closing.
And that's a pretty big deal because obviously the 3DS had a huge long life.
There's a lot of titles on there you can't play anywhere else.
Somebody put together a list of like 2,000 titles off the top of my head.
Harmonite was one that the Pokemon Company did.
There's a lot of games on the 3DS that were only ever on the 3DS.
And right now you think the Switch is backwards compatible?
Wouldn't that be nice if your digital library would just spill onto the Switch?
You could play it in vertical and have the two screens.
That's not going to happen.
So does Nintendo.
And again, I don't like to think it's because they're assholes, but.
Then somebody's got to give me to tell me what it is.
The emulation isn't working right or something.
I don't know.
Nintendo is also not above putting out emulators that don't work completely.
And we've seen that before and we'll see that again, I'm sure.
Sjoan Hunter Matt in chat says, Nintendo doesn't understand game preservation and it's really sad.
Mike Deff says, Harmonite and a horse game with cards that was developed by Game Freak.
Yeah.
Dejirama S says, it would be nice if they put out a 3DS adapter kit to play 3DS games on docked Switch consoles.
God, I wish.
I wish.
Especially from a company that used to do things like the Game Boy Advance player for the GameCube.
How badass was that?
And then when you could like hook everything together and.
Or just make something like the PlayStation TV.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Well, of course, that didn't end up working out in the long run either, now did it?
Yeah, it didn't.
But that's because I don't think the Vita was like super.
I mean, I guess the Vita is somewhat popular, but like, yeah, it was just.
I don't know, it was kind of unfortunate that that didn't work out because that's it's a pretty awesome device for the cost.
Now, talking about game preservation, it's been brought up that the Wii U doesn't have the Netflix style system that the Switch does.
You bought games a la carte then.
And even though I seem to recall when the Wii U is out, many of us were saying Nintendo should switch to a Netflix system.
They have.
But I think because unfortunately, the Netflix has not been as vast of a library as people would have thought because of licensing issues and a lot of the third party developers kind of doing their own things.
Now people are clamoring for the releases that were on the Wii U, because let's be real, there were things that were on the Wii U, especially from companies like Konami and stuff that don't exist on the Switch Online library.
And Nintendo basically said, we don't have any plans to make this accessible on the Switch or anything like that.
They're just kind of pushing the Switch Online library.
And as far as the retro virtual console titles.
That's it, you better grab them while you still can on the Wii U.
I do think this news was very interestingly timed when the two biggest obvious ones, Earthbound and Earthbound Beginnings, if those hadn't made it to Switch yet, Twitter wouldn't have shut up about anything else, I guarantee it.
But because it's interesting that those two come over and then the very next week we're shutting it down and people still have things to complain about.
The Internet will always have things to complain about, but those two, if they were still missing, would have been a huge, huge deal because Earthbound Beginnings, its first go was on the Wii U.
Some people are thinking it might be about the 10th anniversary of the system and Dark Sakura just unlocked the secret there.
Because I don't have the audio turned off on my on my phone.
There you go.
The audio is a mess tonight anyway.
Sorry, guys.
We'll work on it through the next week.
Some people are texting me.
I'm like, why are you texting me?
That's fine.
I have Discord notifications from earlier.
What can you do?
But anyway, they basically were waiting for the Wii U to turn 10 years old, which I didn't realize the Wii U turns 10 years old in November.
So this all will happen.
The shutdown will be after the Wii U's 10 year anniversary, which is wild to me.
An ex Nintendo employee said Nintendo knows it has to support a product for a minimum of 10 years or they risk some class action.
I feel like there's companies that support things a lot shorter than that, and they don't face any type of class action.
Like a lot of the mobile phones, Apple, you know, and a lot of those companies, Samsung, they're usually applauded for how long they do last.
But it's not usually more than six or seven years.
So it's interesting that Nintendo puts the line at 10.
So but not that I'm complaining.
It's just interesting.
That's all. The Wii U sold 13.5 million units in its lifetime.
The 3DS, 75.7 million.
By the way, the Video Game History Foundation put out a tweet about all this.
While it is unfortunate that people won't be able to purchase digital 3DS or Wii U games anymore, we understand the business reality that went into this decision.
What we don't understand is what path Nintendo expects its fans to take should they wish to play these games in the future.
As a paying member of the Entertainment Software Association, Nintendo actively funds lobbying that prevents even libraries from being able to provide legal access to these games.
Not providing commercial access is understandable, but preventing institutional work to preserve these titles on top of that is actively destructive to the video game history.
We encourage ESA members like Nintendo to rethink their position on this issue and work with existing institutions to find a solution.
A very tactful message from the Video Game History Foundation, because in my mind, I'm just waving a pirate flag all around going, I know how I'm going to fix the problem.
Hey, if Nintendo gives us something legit, I am more than happy to support it. I really am.
But until then, Arr matey, like yo ho ho, I want to play some of those 3DS exclusive download games that, you know, I don't even know my 3DS's battery works anymore.
It probably does. I haven't played it in a while.
ZenMonkey11 says, nice way to show thanks to your Wii U day one buyers, Nintendo, shutting them down on the day they bought it.
Well, it's 10 and a half years after the fact, to be fair.
But hey, you know what is interesting?
I bet the value of a Wii U is really high right now because you can also play like, my Wii is worthless because I transferred all of my Wii titles to my Wii U at some point.
So my Wii U's got everything on it.
So anyway, we'll see.
We'll see what develops on that front.
And if Nintendo ever decides to do something about embracing archive and emulation and all that stuff.
Meanwhile, Dark Siren.
I don't have a lot of hopes for Nintendo.
I'm going to be perfectly honest.
I don't either.
I mean, hope is, is.
Yeah.
I hope they're making considerations for their next system, if nothing else, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
No, I wouldn't either.
You know, you need it to breathe anyway.
So.
Speaking of some other bad news, Nvidia reported that they were, quote, completely compromised by a cyber attack.
They said that their business was taken offline for a couple of days because of a malicious network intrusion.
It affected everything from email to developer tools that had already been suffering outages.
They don't know if anything has been stolen or deleted.
If anything has affected the customers either, but it's, it's pretty bad.
They're doing a full investigation right now.
They don't have any really anything to share.
They're a cybersecurity, actually, there's a cybersecurity expert at the University of Surrey named Alan Woodward that is saying that Nvidia's likely shut down their internal systems to minimize a risk of further damage.
That, you know, better to keep the system completely down rather than have anything keep poking at it, you know.
And I mean, they, they've already been attacked before there was a, a list of 100 or so, actually more than 100s of games, unannounced games that were data mined from GeForce Now, some of which that have been announced.
And of course, as people are want, they want to see is Russia involved and so far, they don't have any links.
I think the opposite is going on.
We're hearing about and I don't know how much of it but like anonymous is apparently attacking Russian stuff.
It's very, very fascinating to watch the drama on Twitter and other social media.
But anyway, we don't love to see game companies get attacked, but I feel like at the same time it comes with the territory, if there's an exploit, somebody's going to exploit it.
Questbuster in chat says, if I recall correctly, there was an update to this that suggested they did a reverse hack and encrypted the terabyte of data that was stolen.
Interesting.
I've never, I've never heard of that.
No take backsies.
That's interesting.
That's a loud follow up.
All right.
So Steam Decks are starting to go out and we're starting to see a lot of press reviews of those.
I have yet to hold one in my hand, but we're getting a lot of Steam news in the past few days.
I feel like because of like a lot of Gabe interviews are showing up.
Right, Loki?
We lose Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
Are we to you or are we back to me?
I'm sorry.
No, I think we're back to me.
So let's talk about games pass.
So the PC version of games pass there.
There was a comment from Valve basically or Gabe Newell, I think actually was talking about it, but basically that Valve would be open to having games pass, at least the PC version of it available on Steam.
I don't think it's something we think ourselves or we need to do ourselves building a subscription service at this time.
But for their customers is clearly a popular option, and we'd be more than happy to work with them to get that on Steam.
Perfect.
Awesome.
To me, I don't know.
Like, it's it'd be nice to have everything kind of in one one spot, but it's not a deal breaker concern.
It's a PC.
You know, it's just kind of like, you know, it's not a deal breaker.
You know, I open another app instead to download games pass games, but it would be cool to see that integrated.
Maybe that is something that they can do, especially since Microsoft's pretty keen on putting their games on Steam.
So I'm not sure what Microsoft gets out of that.
But at the same time, yeah, Microsoft's been putting their games on Steam.
People have been buying them.
We talked about the whole there's too many launchers and now the weak ones like Bethesda's launcher are starting to fall out.
So I guess in that regard, it does make sense.
But it does also still feel a little bit like I don't know if they need it.
But I'm also not using game pass on PC a lot.
I use it, but I don't use it a lot.
So maybe just because I have the occasional onesie twosie game, it doesn't quite feel the same.
I don't know.
Yeah, I haven't really been utilizing it too much, but it would be cool, though, like just to have everything in one place.
It would be cool, though, like just to have everything in one, you know, library, at least try to consolidate those libraries, because it does kind of sucks like, you know, OK, I want to play this game.
Which library do I have it in, you know, type of thing.
It would be kind of cool.
I mean, at least they're open to it.
So that's something it might push, you know, epic to be open to it as well.
That would be interesting.
All right.
We'll see what develops with that, especially with the Steam Deck now being a player, being able to get, you know, game pass games on that would be pretty exciting.
SG100Matt says they don't need it yet.
I'm not sure the Epic Game Store is hurting Steam yet.
If they really wanted to one up the Epic Store, then maybe.
It is interesting, though.
It is interesting, though, I feel like we're getting a flurry of Valve news over the weekend because of the Steam Deck's release and, you know, all that.
So I think there was, well, Gabe Newell did like an interview with PC Gamer about a different bunch of stuff, too.
So and I think they also have I don't know if they have like a livestream or some sort of event or something like that.
But like I know there is a bunch of news, yeah, from Valve as well.
SheHulk10 in chat says Steam should come to console Xbox Series X.
That would be interesting.
But you've got to think we've got to go in the wayback machine.
We've got to go way back.
But you may recall on the PlayStation 3 when Portal 2 was released, Valve had Steam built into that.
Most people forgot it because the PlayStation hack happened like not even a month later.
And I think most people got through Portal 2 by the time the PlayStation Network came back online.
But Steam has been baked into a console that wasn't in the orange box.
But the orange box might have been too soon because that was the 360 in PlayStation 2 era?
Yeah.
No, was it the PlayStation 3?
No, it was PlayStation 3.
Yeah, so okay.
But Steam wasn't baked into that yet.
But they did bake it into Portal 2.
So we have seen Steam on a console.
So that would be interesting and maybe something that Steam could leverage to get out of that.
But we'll see. We'll see.
Digirama S says doesn't Gabe hate Microsoft?
Did you hear what we were just talking about?
Apparently not.
Maybe not.
Didn't they have Microsoft games on Steam?
On Steam, I don't think that they hate.
I don't see why he would hate them.
No, I don't either.
Especially because they all run in the same town.
Gabe is going to see the Microsoft people at parties and industry things.
I think hate is a strong word.
So, yeah.
All right.
Let's talk about a pair of retro stories having to do with the Nintendo Switch and some retro updates.
One of them is the Taito Milestones Collection.
That is going to be becoming a series.
It was announced for the Switch in Japan, and it's going to have 10 classic Taito arcade games in it.
Alpine Ski, Jack and Pop, Elevator Action, The Fairyland Story, Frontline, Haley's Comet, The Ninja Warriors, Kix, Space Seeker, and Wild Western.
Yeah, that was the only one you were listening for, right?
But that's just going to be the first of several.
There will be more Taito arcade games in the future, so that's pretty cool.
Hamster is putting this together, and I believe they do.
Hamster publishes the arcade archives, I think.
I'm not crossing my wires there, so I'm sure there will be more.
Yeah, Taito has done those classic collections before, so it's about time we got them on the Switch.
This is more, I guess, retro adjacent, but let's talk about Tempest 4000, shall we?
Because Tempest 4000 is coming out on the Nintendo Switch.
It's going to be out on the Switch starting March 22nd, available in the eShop.
It is the, I guess, follow-up of sorts to Tempest 2000. I thought there was a 3000 at one point, though.
There was. It was a Jaguar one.
That's right, okay.
But Tempest 4000 is coming, and that is already available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
So you may have already played this, but it will be coming out on the Switch on March 22nd as well.
So a retro title there, if that is your thing, which I know we are very into retro here at Orange Lounge Radio, right?
Oh, yeah.
In fact, we love retro so much, we have a weekly segment that we dedicate to it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And Dark Sakura, what did you pick for the classic game tonight?
I picked Metroid Fusion.
So Metroid Fusion, first of all, came out in 2002 in North America, November 17th.
And actually it came out here before it came out in Japan, which was February 14th, 2003.
It didn't come out in China until March 2nd, 2006.
But this is an action-adventure game published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance.
It was developed by Nintendo R&D.
It also is the same group that did Super Metroid.
And you are playing as Samus Aran, who is fighting against these parasites known as X.
So it's a lot more, you know, typical Metroid stuff.
You know, it's jumping and running from things and shooting things and, you know, spin dashes and all of that.
You can also play this...
It actually was released the day after Metroid Prime came out.
And you can link the games via the GameCube Game Boy Advance link cable for extra content for Metroid Prime.
It was really good.
It was a little bit shorter than Super Metroid, but it had all the great control, music, graphics.
It was very well received, and it also included a handheld game of the year at the 2002 Interactive Achievement Awards.
It just got many, many positives.
And of course, Metroid Dread, the last one that was out on Switch, is a direct sequel.
So the big thing with this one is that Samus has this parasite that she's going against and finds that the parasites will replicate their host's appearance.
And basically, eventually, she has to fight a version of herself that has been stalking her around, the SA-X, and it looks like her.
And then, of course, there's some Metroids involved.
I don't want to... Well, okay, I'm going to go ahead and spoil it because it's been out for freaking ever.
The animals that you save at the end of Super Metroid save you.
Always save the animals. They come back to save your ass.
But anyway, going a bit more into the story about this is that Nintendo confirmed a GBA Metroid game in 2001.
Ken Lobb, which is Nintendo of America's director of game development, confirmed that it was a new game, not a port.
And they showed footage at 2001 E3 under the name of Metroid 4, and it had Samus in a dark suit, running on walls and ceilings.
It was more simple, a little more Game Boy color-like.
And then, of course, it had all been updated as of EA E3 2002.
It was... I mean, basically, it mimics Super Metroid being designed by the two team.
It was also the first 2D Metroid game that had animated cutscenes.
And it was written and directed by Sakamoto Yoshio, who was the series' designer.
So it was just... The big thing is that they wanted to do a very original story for it.
They wanted to do something that people hadn't played before, even though it was just a previous Metroid game.
So they altered the story and they put in the idea of the parasites.
I mean, it is not an easy game, I'll tell you that right now.
But at any rate, for all of the cutscenes, the music needed to fit the dialogue.
And so that's why the music is a little bit more serious and ambient rather than melodic.
Because it needed to be something that would go in with this.
They wanted to look for voice actors, but really the only voices that were used was announcements for ROM cartridge limitations.
So the game did come out November 18th, 2002. August 22nd, 2002.
Nintendo announced that it would be able to connect to Metroid Prime on GameCube.
And there's also a two-disc soundtrack album, which is the Prime Infusion original soundtracks done by Skitron.
And it had also some arranged tracks on there, which was really nice.
It was re-released for Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console as part of the 3DS Ambassadors program.
It was one of ten Game Boy Advance games that was included.
And then Iwata himself actually revealed that Metroid Fusion was going to be among the first three Game Boy Advance games to be released on the Wii U Virtual Console.
At any rate, like I said, it's been super, super well received.
Famitsu gave it a 34 out of 40. Pretty good.
Everywhere else it's like 10 out of 10, 9 out of 10, 8 out of 10, 88%.
I think the lowest score on this is roughly an 85%.
Metacritic gave it a 92 out of 100. Game rankings is 91.23%.
It's been considered, like I said, the Handheld Game of the Year.
It was chosen as Best Game Boy Adventure game by IGN, Best Action Game on the Game Boy Advance by GameSpot.
It was runner-up for GameSpot's Best Sound, Best Graphics, Best Story, and overall Game of the Year.
As far as sales go, it has sold over 1.6 million units worldwide in its debut week.
It sold more than 100,000 units in North America and finished November with 199,723 copies sold in the U.S. alone.
Total revenue was $5,590,768 and it made it the third best selling Game Boy Advance game that month and 10th best over all gaming platforms.
It went on to sell 940,000 copies by August of 2006.
Revenue is exceeding $27 million.
As of 2006 in America, it was the 21st highest selling game for any of the present handheld systems at that time, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, or PSP.
It's actually sold quite well in Japan as well as in 2004. It sold 180,000 units in Japan.
And then, of course, like I said, it has a sequel. Metroid Dread is this game's direct sequel developed by Nintendo and Mercury Steam.
And that's it.
For sure.
There you go.
Yeah, let's talk about the free with your subscription games you can get through PlayStation Plus and Xbox Live Gold.
So with PlayStation Plus, we're going to be getting Ark Survival Evolved, Team Sonic Racing and Ghosts of Tsushima Legends on PlayStation 4.
And then on PlayStation 5, Ghost Runner and then Ghosts of Tsushima Legends as well there.
And then, of course, let's see the Xbox games with gold.
We're going to be getting looks like the Flame in the Flood and Sacred 2 Fallen Angel, Street Power Soccer and SpongeBob's Truth or Square.
And those are the games that are available through that service as well.
I actually I've been forgetting to download these games or mark them in my catalog, especially with Game Pass and stuff.
It's kind of out of the way, especially if you're not on console to do that.
You have to go to the Xbox store and stuff.
And I just want to say a quick before you get to the next story, a quick sorry for the unexpected silence there.
I was hard muted through OBS.
You got you guys could hear me on Discord and that's why the show kept moving.
But the listeners were like, you're muted, you're muted.
And that's just one of those things we're getting used to with the new space.
Sorry, y'all. We'll get there.
And then out of the blue, there's a new Portal game sort of coming out.
So Aperture Death Job is a simulator game that's being put out.
I thought you said Aperture Death Job.
And I was like, oh, exciting.
No, no, Death Job.
And that's coming out for free on March 1st.
And it's made, I think, for the Steam Deck.
They made it for that, but I'm assuming that you can play it on other things as well.
Curious, though, I'm wondering if this is just a thing to kind of promote the Steam Deck
or if this is like a teaser for a Portal 3 type of thing, like an ARG or something.
But I guess we will have to find out once it comes out March 1st.
Don't tease me like that.
But I hope so.
It looks silly either way.
Yeah.
Be a fun one to stream.
Dark Soccer.
So I got everything hidden by my camera is the problem.
Let me respond to Bobby real quick.
Sorry.
Saying they stated it was just a tech demo.
You mean GLaDOS might lie to us?
Sorry, Jamie.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, so Nintendo Switch Online has fixed Ocarina of Time's water temple room
and the Paper Mario wot crash.
So the I'm losing like every window in front of me.
The fix actually went live.
I apologize.
I'm actually having 50,000.
I was having 50,000 things open at the same time.
I clicked the wrong thing.
I can see your screen flashing so I can tell something crazy is going on.
Yeah, no, I clicked something.
And I don't know what it was so sorry about it.
Anyway, they also have added Majora's Mask as a new game.
And like I said, fixed those other things.
They've also made sure that they also did other improvements of Ocarina of Time
as far as its playability.
Other news.
And this one I'm pretty excited about.
Now I have backed this game.
I am looking forward to it.
Called Drag Her, which is a drag queen fighting game.
And they just got Ben DiLaCreme for it.
And that makes me happy.
The little teaser is so funny.
The computer's like, are you going to quit in the middle of the competition?
Only if I'm winning.
That was pretty great.
But yeah, some of the other ones like it has Tammy Brown in it and Jiggly.
And who else did I see in there?
Oh, Kimchi.
Alaska was in there, right?
Alaska, yeah.
Any non-Drag Race drag queens or is they pretty much relying on that franchise
to help bring the visibility to the game?
Well, I think honestly this is the best way to get visibility for it
is to focus on the big names that everyone knows.
Oh, guess who else actually?
Landon Thider is in it.
Okay, that's cool.
Okay, so a Dragula, a king in it.
That's cool.
Okay.
So I think that's really awesome because, I mean, Landon Thider,
having seen him perform, super talented king there.
Yeah.
Cool.
Yeah.
All right.
Pretty cool about that.
All right.
And with that, we're going to travel around the world and check out some games
you can play a little sooner than drag queen fighting games,
as much as I know you're looking forward to that, Loki.
Loki, what's coming out in the U.S.?
I am very much looking forward to that.
You got to try it at least once.
Well, you know, not the drag queen fighting games, but there's that.
I don't know if it's a drag queen game, but that that.
Oh, God, it's it's a FPS game that's done like the style of like Doom,
but it's like you're making people fabulous, like putting clothes on them
or something. You have a clothes gun.
So there's that.
I don't remember that.
Yeah.
Yes, a five shooter.
What is something like that?
Yeah, like I can't remember.
I swear I've had it.
I've had it.
I think they actually have that.
But I think I actually had that to work.
I don't know what this game is.
Jack, get to work.
I had it in my background for a while.
I can I could tell you what the game is because I have it on my steam wish list,
but it is.
Fashion police squad.
That sounds awesome.
Yes.
Yes.
It's coming out sometime this year.
OK, so something we can do here now
that I couldn't do before.
So this is and this is something on steam.
Yes.
OK. Oh, my gosh.
What the heck is this?
OK, let's see.
So I'm going to I'm going to fast forward here and then we're going to do that.
And you do see them cut out for just a minute.
But now I can actually see the game.
OK, so
so sorry.
This does not make great for podcast.
So it's definitely what Loki was describing.
It's a first person shooter and it looks like it's very pixelated.
Oh, the fashion police dispatch.
We have this is Officer Dez.
There's a thin red ribbon blocking my way to the crime scene.
This is ridiculous.
I love it.
I have to check that out.
That's funny.
All right.
And yes, I and hopefully I can make that work a little smoother in the future,
but I can actually do drop in YouTube's now.
So that'll be fun.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Anyways, so back to release dates, though.
So this week we've got Guild Wars two end of dragons coming out on PC.
LX two.
And did I just show my.
Or are you like to.
That's on a PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series
far the changing tides on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Shadow Warrior three on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Babylon's fall on PC, PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
And then, of course, the big ones for the week.
Gran Turismo seven on PlayStation four and PlayStation five and triangle strategy on Nintendo Switch.
Why is triangle man now playing in my head?
Because I said trying the things a triangle can.
Sorry.
Sorry for the chaos.
I'm sure that I was trying to particle man.
My discord notifications are coming through on stream, so I was trying to mute those.
So you guys wouldn't hear those about that.
Put yourself in the stream mode.
Yeah.
And then I end up showing.
Thank God my phone number is mostly blocked out because it just totally not to shine a light on it, but it totally did.
So anyway, let's move on to Japan and talk about the releases there this week in Japan.
We also have triangle strategy getting released there.
That's pretty cool.
And that is pretty much the big release on the Nintendo Switch.
There's not a lot else to look forward to on the switch.
But if you go to the PlayStation five, we also have Babylon's fall, which is coming out there and Gran Turismo seven, kind of a big deal.
And the rotten city is coming out on the PlayStation five as well.
So busy week in Japan, dark Sakura.
How about the UK?
It's not super busy, but busy ish on the first.
We have Alex to on console for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.
We have on the third Babylon's fall for PlayStation on the fourth.
We have a lot more.
We have Gran Turismo seven.
We have triangle strategy for Switch Ryan's rescue squad for the big three.
We have Ash Walker's for Switch, which actually looks kind of cool.
We have Death's Gambit afterlife also on Switch.
And that is it for that week.
All right.
Just a few more stories for you, and then we're going to get to the listener roundtable and see how that goes tonight with this new setup.
We'll see.
I don't even have a scene for discord.
I'll have to build one on the fly.
We'll see how that goes.
Meanwhile, though, we will get to our next story.
Loki.
Yeah, so there's news regarding Call of Duty, and that is that there's not going to be a Call of Duty in 2023.
They're going to be taken a year off.
It's probably not so much that they're well, obviously, you know, they need some time to, you know, kind of work on the game.
It's not like that they're not going to be doing any Call of Duty content during that time.
They're actually going to be working on more of the Warzone stuff.
So there'll be stuff being done through their free to play game, but no mainline Call of Duty game that's going to be coming out in 2023.
So they'll be skipping that.
And then what else?
So also to go along with the unfortunate Activision news.
So the Call of Duty executives, I guess, or the Activision Blizzard folks, there is filings within the SEC that withheld some important information regarding the money that they're going to be getting from the merger.
So it sounds like that there's some of these execs are just trying to stay around for six to eight months after the deal goes through.
And they're going to get millions of dollars for, you know, some of these folks haven't even been tenured for a year or so.
But you know, for example, they've got their chief financial officer is getting $25.3 million, their chief operating officer $29 million, the administration officer 11.3 billion and legal officer $14.7 million.
And of course, Bobby Kotick is receiving quite a bit as well.
How convenient.
$20 million.
Yeah.
God.
So basically, yeah, so the SEC filing, it alleges that the deal is better for Activision Blizzard executives and board members than it is for the average investor.
Which, yeah, I agree.
You know, because when I if I buy stock in Activision, I'm like getting $20 million.
So already not as good as what I should be getting.
All right.
I need some news that's a little bit happier.
Dark Soccer, if you could entertain me in that department, please.
So something better news.
Oh, yeah, totally better news.
This will better except for one way my wallet.
So, yeah, because this ain't cheap.
And you didn't get those bonuses that Loki was just talking about.
Oh, God.
So let me just go go on this.
So Multimorphic has announced they are doing Weird Al's Museum of Natural Hilarity.
I am stoked.
Like, Dan woke me up and told me about this.
OK, so at any rate, it is going to be on the P3 system.
Which what P3 is, it's a modular a modular pinball table with a LCD screen underneath
it.
So you have interactive elements with the play field.
It looks really cool.
Yeah, they're really cool.
Well, I've played two of the games on there.
I played Lexi Lightspeed and I played whatever that second one came out was.
There's another one called Heist that's supposed to be a lot better than the other two, although
I really enjoyed Lexi Lightspeed.
But this is going to be the fourth in that series, as far as I'm aware.
And I mean, I really am just like completely stoked about it.
They got out, of course, to do all the voices, all the call outs, everything about it.
I am absolutely just completely, completely, completely floored by this.
And then also, you know, there's going to be a deluxe version of this that's going
to have an animated topper on it.
That looks awesome.
Yeah, well, we are going to get that one.
So that's the thing.
We are we are going to get that.
And the thing is, is that, OK, so the base P3 machine costs about $8,300.
The module for Weird Al's Museum of Natural Hilarity is $3,000.
The limited edition package is an additional $1,800.
So we are looking at roughly $14,000 for this pinball.
It's a car.
Roughly.
It's a car.
It's amazing.
That's hardly a car?
A used car.
That's buying a Yaris.
Game not.
Anyway, they also have other little upgrades, which we're also considering doing.
We want to get the enhanced flipper assembly.
We want to get all of the other major upgrades.
And I'm actually even kind of thinking about asking for Lexi light speed as well.
But we would probably just keep it permanently as Weird Al.
The orders for it are, are they already up or are they going up on the fourth?
I think they're going up on the fourth.
I'm actually going through the thing.
Yeah, I'm not seeing the date on it.
But like the song list has Amish Paradise, Like a Surgeon, My Balona, White Nerdy, Word Crimes, Dare to be Stupid, Germs, Fun Zone, Hardware Store, Harvey the Wonder Hamster.
And by the way, Harvey the Wonder Hamster is on his hamster wheel in the game.
It's awesome.
El Sousa, Mission Statement, Sports Song, Traffic Jam, Weasel Stomping Day, UHF, and You Make Me.
UHF, there's a UHF mode in it.
Okay, for those who do not know, UHF is very important to my marriage.
Do you know why?
Because of the reception you drank from the fire hose.
No, but we did find the marble in the oatmeal.
Anyway, when Dan and I got engaged, we were watching UHF on VHS.
No, I take that back. It was on DVD.
We were watching UHF.
We were drinking Manischewitz blackberry wine and cheap French bread and spinach dip from the grocery store.
We were broke as a joke back in those days.
But then we were like, you can get married.
Sure, eventually.
That was exactly how the proposal went.
I don't really remember who told who what, but we just decided.
Very romantic.
But years later, for our 10th anniversary, we went to see Weird Al with the mandatory fun tour.
We had front row seats and everything.
We brought him our DVD copy of UHF.
He signed it.
We told him the story.
And he's like, and you haven't divorced yet?
It was really cool.
Al is a sweetheart in person.
I'm very, very, very happy that something like this has come along.
I never expected a Weird Al pinball table.
Never in a million.
I'm so intensely pleased that all thoughts of Rush have left my head.
Sorry, I love Rush, but Weird Al has a very special place in this household.
Very special place.
What are your thoughts on the documentary that they're putting together with Daniel Radcliffe playing Weird Al?
That's not a documentary, Loki.
It's a mockumentary, I guess.
A biopic is usually what you would call this, yeah.
I don't know.
Probably very silly.
Everything should be very silly.
I can't wait.
We have so much Weird Al stuff.
Not like hyper collectors, but I have a copy on VHS, because it's the only way you can get it, of the complete Al.
As in spelled Z-O-M-P-L-E-A-T.
We've got box sets, I've got mandatory fun on vinyl autographed playing cards from the tour.
And we got our tour shirts and everything.
We were hoping that, well actually for our 15th anniversary, we were going to go to New Orleans.
And we said if we couldn't go to New Orleans, we'd go to another Weird Al thing, but COVID.
So we got iPads instead.
But anyway, going back to that, there's going to be a showing of it at the Texas Pinball Festival in Frisco, Texas, March 25th through 27th.
And if anybody goes to that, oh my god, just play it.
I want to see if Pina Gogo or the Golden State Pinball Fair that we do here that Dan and I work at, if they can get it.
Because we get Stern and Jersey Jack to display tables, so maybe we can get Multimorphic to come.
That'd be awesome.
Awesome.
I'm so excited.
This has never happened during OLR.
Maybe I can hope I don't show too much mess, but I'm going to pan down a little bit.
This has never, never happened.
Oh, he just, and now he's decided he's over.
He knew the camera.
He knew the camera was on him.
It's on the VOD.
Fuck it.
I'm leaving.
Clip it.
Clip it.
Okay.
That has never, ever happened during OLR.
I'm glad of the delay because I unpaused the internet version and I got to see it.
And I was just a second short of screenshotting it.
What a little asshole.
Look at this.
Look at this.
He did all that.
Oh, damn it.
I can't.
Sorry.
My place is still a mess.
Don't judge me.
It's all right.
You just moved.
He's lying down.
I do this.
He's just lying down, passed out.
Do you see him?
Do you see him being a drama queen over there?
Yeah, I see him.
He just decided to go lie down right over there just to be a fucking drama queen.
And now I'm not going to get my shot back the way it was.
All right.
I have so many pictures of other people's animals from streams.
Mostly I have pictures of Losing Colors dog, Odin.
But I'm mildly obsessed with Odin.
I can never touch a husky due to allergies.
But I'm obsessed with that dog.
So I'm so excited for Alan to start streaming because he actually set his up.
So the cat bed is on there.
So he's ready for a cat cam for when smush goes in there.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
I'm actually considering doing the same if I had an extra port to do it with is Midna
no longer will sleep on the chair behind me, but she sleeps in my work chair.
And I put a white towel down on the chair behind me so that Midna would show up on camera.
So.
The best game ready for the best getting rig ready for stream scene that I saw on YouTube
by Willie Mosbin had his cat licking a plexiglass like it was like a transparent plexiglass
thing with cat food on it.
And that that was his like getting ready for stream thing.
It was amazing.
That's fantastic.
That's great.
The one thing that sadly isn't coming through on stream so well and I just it's a lighting
thing, but you can probably see behind me.
I actually have orange lights in here, but it just needs to get lit up better.
I need to figure out how to make kind of red.
Yeah, that's right on.
Well, they and they change colors.
So you can actually I think if I just hit the change colors, you could actually have
a difference.
That's red.
So there's a little more.
I have two color changing bars, but the only place that I could put them was on the opposite
side of my camera.
So.
But you know what, you know what I would suggest doing are those hexagon lights.
Oh, that'll be cool.
We'll see.
We'll see on the back wall.
I wanted to do like lights that you could change on Twitch when I'm streaming, but we'll
see.
We'll see.
Sorry.
Talk to me.
I found a place to get some of those bulbs cheap.
And thank you.
I see the clips coming in.
Yeah.
I'll look at those later.
Plus, I want to show them to Alan, so be funny.
All right.
Let's move on.
We still have some more stories.
I think one more from Loki.
Right, Loki?
Yeah.
Sorry.
I was checking out the camera.
Oh, you're watching the clip.
I understand.
I understand.
And we'll take the podcast.
Folks, go over to twitch.tv slash vlog network.
And now there's a clip there of two of them actually about Smoosh in the new studio.
So I'm downloading it, by the way, so I can send it to you.
Oh, it's something you can watch.
Unlike watching Super Smash Brothers at Evo this year, because it's not going to be there,
unfortunately.
Nintendo has decided this year that they are not going to be including Super Smash Brothers
in Evo.
And apparently that they're hoping to be able to, you know, work with them again soon.
I don't know if this is because Evo was purchased by Sony.
And so maybe there's like some kind of, you know, confusion there.
It's probably something behind the scenes, some sort of like arrangement that's going
on, that maybe it was more favorable for Sony than Nintendo.
But for whatever reason, I want to say just like since that story was published, like
Nintendo has come out and talking about their own plans for Smash and that whole thing.
I don't know if that was somebody reporting on an earlier tweet or what, but I want to
say like multiple tournaments, like I agree.
I agree with you.
It's it's silly.
And I don't I don't think Sony's the one stopping it, though.
I really don't.
Just because they knew what they were buying.
And I don't see what they have to gain from that happening.
And I guess we can have a hand Nickelodeon All-Stars Brawl there.
Right.
I guess.
Who knows what's going to replace it?
That would be really funny, though.
All right.
And one more story for you guys tonight.
And I thought this was funny because we just talked about this on the show two weeks ago,
maybe three.
But we had talked about, hey, what did what did that guy from that made the Nestle emulator?
What did he end up doing?
Right.
And we had found out, oh, he went to work for EA and he was working on some of those
things because there was a GitHub thing about the emulator that was buried away.
So he had like a super Nestle that he'd written.
And basically that code was in an EA game on the GameCube.
Right.
And it was buried away from a few weeks ago.
Yeah.
Well, I guess this guy is suddenly getting like exposure all over again, because what's
interesting is that on GitHub, he has now released a new NES emulator.
And as pointed out in our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, the NES has
been emulated pretty perfectly at this point.
Right.
Emulators have come a long way since Nestle in the late 90s, early aughts.
Like the emulators are in a really good place now when it comes to the NES.
Here's what makes this one really interesting.
It's a transistor emulator, so it emulates down to the transistors.
It only runs on OS X right now, which I also think is kind of hardcore, but that's that's
what they're doing.
And that would be, by the way, OS X.
Sorry.
But they're saying also it's efforts involved with Visual 2 CO2 and Visual 2 AOC3.
Actually, something bothers me because we're technically not on OS X anymore.
We're like on OS 12.
I assumed that was the other old ass operating system, not Mac.
I thought it was the actual OS.
What did they call that?
I thought it was called OS X.
No, it was Mac OS X.
No, no, no.
I'm not talking about a Mac system.
I'm talking about a...
Well, I don't think it's Linux.
Am I going crazy?
Yeah.
No, it's OS X, Mac OS X.
Okay.
I thought there was something.
My brain is mixing it up with something else.
But okay.
Yeah.
So for whatever reason, that is the platform it's running on now.
It must be what he has access to, or maybe he just has a really...
Was I thinking of OS X?
I guess I was.
I was thinking of OS 2.
You might have been thinking of OS 2.
I was thinking of OS 2.
I sure was.
And I was like, damn, that's hardcore.
Okay.
There we go.
That is it.
It's OS 2 I was thinking of.
I think the last OS X was two years ago.
Okay.
So anyway, it's running at the transistor level, which is pretty wild.
And yeah, you could check that out if you want.
And some folks in a Reddit thread about this are pointing out, transistor level emulation,
that is like 100% software emulation without emulating quantum effects.
It's almost perfect.
Of course, it takes more system resources, but you want to talk about perfect emulation.
There you go.
So this is still probably early on, but it's interesting.
He put it on GitHub.
So who knows what we're going to see come from this.
It's very exciting.
So just when we thought NES emulation was perfect, it's going to get more perfect.
All right.
Anyhow, that is the last story that we had on the agenda tonight.
But there's always what you guys have to talk about.
The listener round table.
If you guys want to, you can try to call.
I'll try to make that happen over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
And then of course we have our mailbag.
I don't know if we've gotten anything in the past two weeks.
I have to check with...
No.
We got spam.
I deleted it.
I have a last minute story.
I think some of it was in Dutch.
We'll get to that.
But participate at orangesontrader.com if you want to send us emails for a future week.
Usually when we don't get emails, we talk about Drag Race.
But the only thing I have to say that's Drag Race related is tangina heels.
End of sentence.
All right.
The icon, the legend, and the moment.
Loki, you had a last minute story.
Why don't we get to that?
So Konami, being the geniuses that they are...
Oh, shit.
They forgot to renew the domain for silenthill.com.
And it got snatched up by somebody else.
And now if you go to silenthill.com, there is a screenshot of a tweet from Masahiro Ito
saying, I wish I hadn't decided effing Pyramid Ed.
Wow.
That's it.
That is beautiful.
That is...
I'm putting this on my Twitter right now.
That is something else.
Huh.
Are they going to hold it ransom or something?
Or is it just like a fuck Konami type of thing or that sort of situation?
I don't know.
Apparently they did the same thing in 2019 too.
They let it lapse for a second and forgot to renew it.
Because there's also a screenshot of a tweet from some guy named Bob Vids on Twitter.
It says, so silenthill.com domain is available.
And that was from December 6, 2019.
That's fricking hilarious.
Yeah.
All right.
No Konami.
Oh boy.
So anything else we want to talk about here before we move to wrap up tonight?
I feel like it's early.
We haven't even really been on air two hours, but...
It is.
Like I'm normally...
Wow.
I know, right?
We could touch on some of the other headlines from last week.
Let me go...
Yeah, what happened?
There was some other stuff too.
We can...
Unless you already have it up, Loki.
I'll pull up the...
I'm working on it.
Behind the scenes.
I don't know why y'all posted stories because you knew there wasn't a show last week, but
both of you...
I forgot.
I didn't.
It's a force of habit.
Oh no, I know you did.
I'm sorry.
I meant in the thread there was that.
Which I don't have access to anymore.
No, it's a force of habit.
So that's why I did it.
No, it's all good.
It's fine.
I'm not actually...
Yeah, I can cover some of the stuff that was in there.
I do have it up.
I do have it up.
Let's see, the first season of Chocobo GP is going to be free for full game players
and has Cloud and Squall in it.
I'm still interested in Chocobo GP, but the whole season thing and some of that free to
play stuff is really worrying.
Puzzle and Dragons came out for Nintendo Switch.
That's cool.
I didn't even...
That wasn't on my radar.
That's pretty rad.
Super Metroid got a new save point near the end of the game.
What?
Thank God.
No, it's the...
You know how they do that in the Nintendo online app and stuff like that where they
have those special modes that you can play that's kind of a save state?
It's that.
Oh, it's just SP.
Okay.
I thought...
Yeah, the SP.
What?
They added...
Okay, I get it.
I get it.
Okay, cool.
That's still neat.
Those SP releases are cute.
It allows you to do things that you probably can't do anymore, but you were able to do
it as a kid.
That's me in that Kid Icarus SP that lets you play the last level that's like a shooter.
What the fuck?
Out of nowhere.
The last level is a shooter level.
You can play that now because me trying to actually beat that game in this day and age,
very difficult.
Very difficult.
In this economy?
In this economy.
It was confirmed that NFTs are not coming out to Final Fantasy XIV.
I thought that had come up two weeks ago, but it's in the list here.
Oh, Dark Sakura.
I know.
The reveal of Sadako from Reimu.
Did we talk about that two weeks ago?
Was the PTB out at that time?
I don't know if the PTB was out.
The PTB came out that Tuesday, so we got all the talents and all that came out.
That's what it was.
That's right.
We found out the survivor is the child grown up, which is interesting.
Yoichi.
Yeah, it was not the character or anything there.
Which was Reiko's son.
Pretty cool.
Yeah, I love the aesthetic of Sadako on the test realm.
Just the way they did her was great.
She seems like she's going to have some issues as a killer.
She's definitely not going to be S tier, but I think a niche killer can be really fun.
Did you happen to see the render rips that I did?
I know I put them out on my Discord, but they were talking about wondering just how short
she was.
Because right now, the two shortest killers in the game, before Sadako comes out, is Pig
and Hag.
And Pig is about 5'3".
And I'll find a link to it and put it somewhere.
But when I ripped the renders and had them all side by side, because I figured out how
to do that now, Sadako is about a whole head shorter than Pig.
And the only reason that Hag looks short at all is because she's hunched.
But when you import her model, she's standing up straight.
And we know that that is coming to the full game in early March or something like that,
right?
8th.
All right, Loki, what else did you have that you want to talk about from last week?
So there's going to be a new LEGO set for Horizon Forbidden West's Tallneck.
They're going to do that, which is kind of cool.
They have an official set that will be coming out in May.
I believe the 22nd, which is weird, though, because usually they're at the beginning of
the month, but OK.
So sometime in May.
That's going to come out, and it'll be about $80.
I am very interested in that.
What else?
No Man's Sky got another update.
It did.
It's a combat one.
I've watched Alan play a little bit of it.
I have not played it myself yet.
I've been so busy with eight years of old house collection, unloading it.
But it's crazy.
If you guys saw that house today, you'd be like, what?
You lived here?
So I don't know if this is tied in with the new Pokemon games that were just announced,
but in Pokemon Legends ArcSis, there was someone that did a free cam in that game, and they
were able to find a present day room that was unused, I guess.
It's like a bedroom that has a Nintendo Switch and a TV and stuff like that, which is kind
of odd in feudal Japan, but it's there.
My thought is they were going to use that in the opening sequence to render that in
the engine, because if I remember right, you are in the modern times, and then you fall
through a void type of thing, and that's how you end up in...
It might just be that they put it in a weird spot that they never thought anybody would
find.
Probably.
Yeah.
EA executives are blaming Halo and COVID for the fact that Battlefield 2042 didn't do well.
Not because the game is completely buggy and pretty much unplayable, but sure.
And then, of course, they came out and said, oh, no, no, no, we didn't do that, because
it was an internal meeting, comments that were leaked out.
Speaking of leaks, Halo Infinite, the Forge mode has leaked out from that, or at least
some screenshots, so apparently that's coming, or video, I guess they have video for it,
so that's something that's on its way.
And then there's a Bioshock film that's in the works at Netflix, so I'm down with that,
and then Sonic the Hedgehog is getting a third film and a Knuckles live-action series.
Oh, I missed the news about the series.
That's interesting.
Yeah, on Paramount Plus.
Will the series plug into the movie to make a super media experience?
I don't know.
Have to ask.
Maybe.
Have to ask.
That's it.
I had.
Mike Defton-Chad is talking about the modern stuff that was found in Pokemon Legends, saying
it seems like an unused asset, but it's also rumored to be something for a future DLC.
Yeah.
Sonic Cinematic Universe, hey, you put that with Detective Pikachu, the upcoming Mario
movie.
What else do we got?
We got a Smash Brothers universe building, is my point, so just, you know, we'll see.
And Mike Defton-Chad says Sonic 3 and Knuckles, but separate this time instead of together,
which is kind of funny, so very cool.
All right, yeah.
You guys in chat are funny.
All right, well, I guess with that, we're going to wrap up the show.
We're a little early, but that's, you know, some weeks the show moves a little faster
than others.
Thank you guys for listening to our show this week, whether it was on the podcast feed or
whether you were here live with us on Twitch.
Really appreciate you guys being here.
Thank you for bearing with us through some of the sound issues.
I have some things to work on this week for sure.
Not only do I want to decorate a little more behind me, which might dampen some of the
echoing that you're hearing, but it sounds like I might need to switch out the mic, which
is a bummer.
I really thought this would be a better quality, not a worse one.
But I'll play with that and see what we can do behind the scenes about that.
And yeah, thank you very much for being here and supporting the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices here to put out on air, that's for sure, and would always appreciate that.
And yeah, a nice five-star review wherever you found this podcast, whether it's iTunes,
Spotify, Google, whatever it is you listen to podcasts on, super appreciate that.
And of course, follows and all that good stuff for VOG Network over on Twitch, twitch.tv
slash V-O-G network.
That is going to do it for tonight.
Dark Sakura, I will throw it to you.
I imagine you are off to play Debbie Delight post-show or something.
You said you were kind of getting burned out on Debbie.
Are you going to play something else?
I'm still going to do Debbie.
Of course, you know, I just need a little bit of prep time because we're done far earlier
than I expected to be.
So yeah.
All right.
Well, have a good night.
Have fun killing, and we'll see you next week.
Bye-bye.
Everyone be well.
Be kind.
All right.
Loki, what is your final thought for us tonight?
I've got a lot of work to do in Minecraft.
I got to do a lot of planning because I've been spending this week doing development
of that data pack, which put me behind.
So I got to get creative now.
My final thought is this has been a very expensive past couple of weeks, but it feels so, so
nice to be here.
Loki, you've got to come over at some point.
Same thing goes for Dark Sakura.
We were planning an Ikea trip last week, but then we realized Ikea closed an hour earlier
than we thought.
So she didn't end up coming out here, but I'm not saying you and I have to go to Ikea,
but I do want you to see the new place at some point.
Yeah, definitely.
It's nice.
I'm upstairs now, which is weird.
The old house was not upstairs, downstairs.
This one is.
So it's a little funky, but I like it.
And there is, I'm just saying, I'm not saying that I planned this space for us to ever be
back in person, but that is a couch behind me and the couch can move to the other wall.
There are things that could be done.
We'll see.
Someday, someday.
All right.
For now, we're all done here.
Thank you all so much for being here and supporting Orange Lounge Radio for 904 weeks or one week,
however long you've been with the show.
Appreciate you.
Happy gaming.
Stay safe out there.
And again, thoughts for all the Ukrainian people out there and everything the folks
in Ukraine are going through.
Just, y'all are in my thoughts.
Stay safe.
Have a great week, everybody.
We will see you next time.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
