This week it's a potpourri of topics in gaming news, fighting games, imminent releases, lootboxes, acquisitions, cryptocurrency and more! There's something for almost everyone in the lineup of tonight's news, so let's waste no more time and get right to the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It's Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 719 for this February the 18th of 2018.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts, including DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Moaning and moaning.
What?
I'm so full.
Oh, I see. I was like, that's not usually a reference to full noises.
Moaning. Pain.
How are you? Thanks for the movie date today. That was fun.
Thank you as well.
Yeah, well you're welcome.
We saw Lady Bird today.
Yes, we finally saw the Lady Bird.
And I kind of want to see it again, but I might have, it wasn't quite ugly crying but it couldn't stop.
Yeah, not that we're a movie podcast, but I really love that movie a lot. Well, I mean, this show, as you probably know, is based in Sacramento, California.
And so certainly there's a certain something, I mean, obviously, like, for example, there's a lot that resonated with you, even though you grew up in Mobile.
You said you had a lot of similar, without kind of giving away the entire plot, you had a lot of similar feelings as the plot progressed.
Especially dealing with my mother.
Although I didn't have, you know, a stable male influence in my life like that. I didn't have a dad I could rely on like that.
But I still have that kind of relationship with my mother.
And, of course, she left and I stayed with Grandmom.
But, you know, just the whole, I need to get out of the place that you still know very well.
And then when you're gone from there, you have the shock, you know.
And it's like, what do I do now?
There was definitely pieces of it. I mean, the fact that I have lived in Sacramento my whole life, there are still like pieces that really resonated with me.
Like the whole, like, the first time you're driving around in your town, you know, it feels so different even though you lived here your whole life.
It was very big for me.
And then all the places were so different, you know, when I moved out here.
I kept going back to the, there were several scenes that show the Rose Garden downtown.
Oh, McKinley Park, yeah.
Yeah. And the thing is, is that I used to work over on C Street at the Cannery Building.
Yeah, yeah.
And so I used to walk all the way around that park every day.
Yeah, it is kind of awesome that there's like legit, like local landmarks.
Like when they do the, when, again, I don't want to spoil something, but there's a very distinct thing that happens and she's with her friend at the Tower Bridge.
Yeah.
And I'm like, I know exactly how they shot that and where that is at because that's on a walking path that I've played Pokemon Go on.
Yeah.
Several times. There's lots of PokeStops up there.
But it just, it makes the whole place, you know, it kind of lets you see the town in a different, through a different lens.
Yeah. So anyway, anyway, not to be too movie chat, but maybe there'll be a Lady Bird game someday.
Just kidding. I think that's one of those games where they can't really make a game out of it.
But then again, they somehow made a game out of the Rocky Horror Picture Show and they made a game out of the room at some point.
So anything's possible, I suppose.
Anyway, say hello to somebody who one of these days will ride a game.
It's Tagmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah, good. Is your mic even on over there?
Yes.
You're just really quiet for some reason. Sorry.
No.
Not hearing you back.
I'm not quiet.
All right.
I'm very loud. I can see myself on the waveform.
Yes, it is on. For some reason, I'm not hearing the same. Maybe I'm just a futz with these speakers.
It's just you're getting older. You're going to need to turn up a hearing aid.
Okay. Here's the other problem.
So it is February 18th and you may or may not know, it is National Wine Day, everybody.
Well, that explains my children.
What the hell does that even? Oh, not that kind of wine, Loki. Not that kind of wine.
No.
You got me good, bitch.
Well, the problem is where I'm going with this and you can probably already figure it out.
I've already had about a glass and a half of one of our favorite sweet wines here locally.
So, yeah, it's National Wine Day.
I can't really drink wine because I don't enjoy it because it makes me feel like I have a really bad.
It goes to my face.
That's what I'm feeling right now.
Like it feels like I have a really bad sunburn.
Yeah.
Like that's not a pleasant.
I feel you, bro.
That's what I'm feeling right now is that sunburn feeling.
But here I am doing a three hour podcast about games.
So good times.
But yeah.
So it's Wine Day.
But of course, everybody, if you do drink, drink responsibly.
Tomorrow is a three day weekend.
Tomorrow is a holiday.
It's President's Day.
So it's a three day weekend for me.
So that's why it really works out to have Wine Day be today.
So I can actually indulge in a little bit of wine.
So there you go.
So I don't know.
Is anyone drinking along in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com?
Because we do tape live every Sunday night.
The Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern right after.
Excuse me.
Hiccups plus wine equals bad.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, I guess.
We're just going to jump right into it and talk a little bit about
Kickstarter's gone really, really wrong.
Loki, would you lead us a little bit on our kickoff topic tonight?
So I don't know if this is really wrong.
But basically, the System Shock remake that was kickstarted a couple years ago
for 1.3 million is on hiatus.
Thanks to, they say they had problems with development.
And so the company Night Drive Studios, they're an indie game developer.
And they were, of course, going to basically remake that whole thing.
That was kind of back when a lot of the games coming out were remakes.
Like you'd have the BioShock remakes and that kind of stuff.
Now, of course, as our concept grew and our team changed,
so the scope of what we were doing and with the budget for the game,
as the budget grew, we began a long series of conversations
with potential publishing partners.
The more that we worked on the game, the more we wanted to do.
And the further we got from the original concept that made System Shock so great.
So I guess right now they're just taking time to work on it longer
or reassess what they need to do to bring the project back to their original scope.
And here's why I shade all the Kickstarter stuff.
And look, I understand the whole if you have to delay a game
to make it the game that you need to make, then fine.
But it's a tricky balance with Kickstarter.
Because in Kickstarter, you're asking for people's money up front.
And usually, almost always, it's the full cost of the game,
maybe with a small discount because you're showing your faith in the game early on.
And yet this is just another in a long line of games that has either been delayed
or in some cases disappeared.
And there's a part of me that hears, oh, such and such game has gone on hiatus.
And I kind of go, well, some bands go on hiatus.
The Spice Girls are on hiatus.
You have to recognize, though, that Kickstarter is not a pre-order.
It's just you're investing money in a company for a product,
and that may not work out.
And so we've already told people enough to stop pre-ordering games.
So this is even worse.
You pre-order a game before it's even made, like two years before it's even made.
So I don't know.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Bobby Blackwolf says,
where I was going to go with the system's shock story
is that it was put on Kickstarter as a remake,
but now it's just a different game in the same universe.
Everyone on Kickstarter backed a remaster.
That's another good point is that things have kind of changed
from what it was originally supposed to be.
MXC says, I'm very nervous about Night Drive Studios.
They mostly get the licenses of old PC games and then remake them,
so they run on Windows 10.
But do they have the skill to fully remake a game even with the money?
I can see why they're having trouble.
And JD points out the Spice Girls are coming back.
Technically nothing official has been confirmed.
This is all through TMZ.
So there's still that part of me that says,
until I hold those concert tickets in my hand, I don't believe anything.
And don't believe those dates that are on Facebook either.
Read the descriptions of that stuff
and look who's actually inviting you to that stuff.
Because all that shit that's like Spice Girls tour in this city,
that's some frickin' lame-o concert promoter locally
trying to farm the likes to then push out a bunch of crap to you.
Just basically get your name on a mailing list, essentially is what that is.
Another reason why Facebook sucks, but I won't get into that right now.
But how are you feeling overall, Loki, about Kickstarter at this point?
Do you still back projects on Kickstarter?
Not really.
It's been a while for me. It's been a very long time.
I know one project I backed, We Happy Few,
spams the fuck out of their updates.
I get so many stupid updates from them.
I'm sure there's a way to turn that off, but it's fucking annoying.
Don't get me wrong, I like backing stuff,
but dude, I don't need a million fucking updates about that.
I think the last one I backed was one of the guys we had on the show.
We had the guy who made Tangledeep that was on the show.
But what I liked about the way he was doing it
is that that game was pretty much already done,
and was going to be done,
is that he was looking for this money to put the extra coat of paint on it.
You remember that? It was bringing in guest composers,
help with some of the publishing and stuff like that,
and I was like, okay, that's the way to do it,
because he already essentially had a game done.
He was just looking for the money to kind of elevate it into
this is the commercial release, or whatever you want to call it,
that I want it to be. I kind of liked that.
It wasn't something that had to be built from the ground up,
because hell, even Bloodstained, Ritual of the Night,
that game is still not out, and how long ago was that Kickstarter?
Now, again, take the time to get it right, I suppose,
but there's still that part that's like,
dang, I gave them money four years ago,
when this game was supposed to be on the Nintendo Wii?
No, I'm just kidding. There's a lot of games.
The problem is, we always focus on the games that this stuff is happening in.
We forget half the stuff that goes through it,
and it's just fine.
I think Stardew Valley was a Kickstarter game, wasn't it?
Was it? I don't remember,
but there's been games like that that have gone through the process
with Kickstarter and stuff, and have come out just fine.
We always focus on the ones that do bad,
because that's all you ever remember.
Fifth Dream in Chat says,
I back Patreons more than Kickstarters nowadays.
Have I ever talked in depth about why I really don't care for Patreon?
Maybe I'm only willing to do it tonight, because I've had a little bit to drink.
But here's my problem with Patreon, full stop.
Patreon feels very pyramid scheme-y to me,
because Patreon shows what you're contributing to other people,
as well as what they're contributing to you.
So I kind of feel like, okay, if I go on to Patreon,
and I've had plenty of other podcasters say,
why don't you have OLR on Patreon, why don't you do this on Patreon?
Because, okay, cool, then we would be getting money on Patreon,
but I would also kind of feel this sense,
because I want to promote other podcasts,
I would feel like, in turn, shouldn't OLR be showing the support
by backing other people's Patreons?
And then what happens?
You give us a dollar, now we give you a dollar,
so it's not even, except for the fact that Patreon has taken a percentage cut of both sides.
So that's the part, and I know not everybody's going to understand that
and think I'm being weird, but that's the part that never really sat well with me,
is that I feel like Patreon is this never-ending,
I give you a dollar, you give me a dollar,
and Patreon still gets a percentage of the cut off the top the whole way.
And that's not even getting into the other part of it,
which I know I've talked about before,
which is all still very relevant about the whole,
I like to do OLR because it's fun, I get to see you all,
and once I feel a little more like,
I feel like if you're giving us money,
and then we have to go and, let's say, cancel a show,
and last year we had to cancel a lot of shows,
because there was just a lot going on.
Even though I know 99.9% of the listeners were more than understanding those scenarios,
and I thank you for that,
I would still feel that kind of sense of,
you paid us for something we didn't deliver on,
now I've become one of these Kickstarters.
Now you're part of the whole network.
Yes, now I'm part of that whole problem.
And whether it's true or not, I'm just telling you that's where my brain goes.
Whether I'm being rational or not, that's what happens with my brain.
So that's kind of a big reason why I've never gone to Patreon.
And I have nothing against other shows that go to Patreon to do this stuff.
That is something you have to figure out for yourself,
and you have to do for your show, and that's totally cool,
and I am definitely a supporter of independent podcasting,
whether that's through finance, whether that's through word of mouth, whatever.
Well, I think a lot of the shows that I've seen that use Patreon,
they kind of put it this way.
It's like, we're doing this show, if you want to back us, that's cool,
but if you can't find it, if this is going to be a financial burden for you, please don't.
Or just, only if you want to, type of thing.
And so kind of making it, listen, this show's going to be what it is,
whether you back it or not, type of thing.
Getting some comments in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
SG100Matt says, I stopped backing gaming Kickstarters.
Too much nonsense happens in development where I will just purchase the game when it comes out.
Yeah, I'm not helping the cause, but there have been many gaming Kickstarters
that have gone wrong during development.
Dungeon Buster says, Pillars of Eternity boasts Divinity Original Sin games,
Wasteland 2, the Shadowrun series.
There's a lot of success stories, but it only takes a few to sour people on the process.
And some people are also bringing up other games.
Shovel Knight was another success, and so forth.
Also, Bobby Blackwolf points out Mutant Football League,
which I know he's been streaming more and more of lately,
cheap plug for Bobby Blackwolf,
was a failed Kickstarter, but what came out of it was a much better game, in my opinion.
That could be.
I can't really say yes or no, because I haven't played the game myself,
but it looked interesting.
JD in chat says, I can't find the Kickstarter for Stardew Valley.
I think it might not have been one.
Ok.
And AkumaJP says, Sky will not do well in business.
He is too nice.
I can be a dick when I need to be, but it's a fair criticism,
but I don't want OLR necessarily to pay the bills.
I have a day job that's cool.
I want it to pay my meth habit.
Oh wait, I don't have a meth habit, so I guess I don't need it.
I need it to pay for my cookie habit.
But I could develop a meth habit, and then I wouldn't have to worry about the cost of it.
I wouldn't have to worry about having a job.
I'm just thinking about this animated short that plays before Rocky Horror every time,
where the little dancing popcorn and that stuff,
but it's a death metal band with the pretzel and stuff,
and they go, don't stop, watch, and then they go,
we have all your fucking money and we're going to spend it on drugs.
It's pretty awesome.
But that's just what you said kind of reminded me of that.
I'm going to start streaming more, just basically,
the whole thing is going to be going back into whatever I happen to make on it.
We'll be going back into doing stuff for VOG.
Oh, sorry. I was going to say, ironically,
there was a game today that I saw that I was like, ooh, I want to back that.
What's that?
It was What the Golf.
This already sounds like a Loki game.
It's basically, yeah, it's kind of, you know, it's like,
this is what, you know, it's time the car should have been,
but it's basically this golf game by people that hate golf,
and it's just the most ridiculous thing.
It's basically the whole thing is kind of the golf controls,
where you point a direction and you pull back and click and stuff like that,
and you try to get to the hole, but they're not really counting strokes.
It's more of like trying to avoid obstacles and stuff, and it's really silly.
But yeah, look up What the Golf, everybody. It's awesome.
Okay.
I will get right on that.
I'm right on top of that, Rose.
I was going to say, though, before somebody points it out
and accuses me of being a total hypocrite, which may or may not be true,
I do stream on Twitch occasionally.
I haven't been doing it as much as I'd like,
but I'm very proud of the fact that I'm juggling three podcasts a week right now.
So a pro over here, a con over here.
But when I do stream on Twitch, I do take the tips and I take the subscription,
and I'm totally fine with that.
But I also feel like a tip in that sense is a tip.
It's a one-time thanks, hi, how you doing, here's some money to support it,
and I'm literally offering you nothing for that.
Now believe me, I appreciate it deeply,
and we do pay money to have the capture card
and have the cable running.
But even deeper than that, for stuff like OLR,
obviously we need to buy new microphones probably.
We're getting to that point where these lovely microphones
that Brad used to use for Pod Culture,
some of them are seeing their last day
because they get through a lot of use around here,
so we could probably stand to have some more microphones.
We do pay a pretty good chunk of, about a video game's worth of money a month
to keep the stream up and running, and that's just what I'm paying.
Bobby's paying for the website.
So your money does get used for good stuff,
but I'm okay with that because, in a sense,
you're giving me money for nothing on paper.
And the rent's for free?
But your money is being turned around.
Brain went to dire straits, sorry.
No, no, it's all good. I understand.
Let's see.
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, Steam Greenlight.
According to the wiki, Stardew Valley went to Steam Greenlight,
and then went into early access for funding.
I thought it was kickstarted at 1.2, though.
Whatever, it's still a great game.
ActDeftInChat says, It's not my money, it's Amazon or Twitch's Prime.
Well, but that's still, in a way, it is still your money,
because you're paying for Prime, but I get it.
I mean, it's like you get all this stuff with Prime,
and you really should, like, if you guys do have Amazon Prime,
you should be giving that free Prime a month to somebody.
Like, obviously, I'd love it if it were me,
but if it's not, like, give it to, like, I know Flaco does streaming.
Bobby's trying to get affiliate status.
Jamie did get affiliate status.
Like, give your, and even if it's not one of us,
just a streamer that you like that's working hard,
please remember to use your sub,
because they don't do a good job about reminding you, like,
oh, you have a sub to give away.
It's been 30 days. You have a new sub.
So, you know, trust me.
The people really, really appreciate it when you do use your sub.
If you're using Prime anyway for the shipping stuff
or the TV service or whatever, like, just don't forget to give those away.
If I end up getting that Visual Novel Maker,
I might stream using the Visual Novel Maker.
Why not? Why not stream making a game?
That's what I'm kind of thinking about doing,
except I still need to get the rest of my story.
And I'm actually planning on streaming doing my webcomic
when I do the existential crisis in Animal Crossing.
One more comment on the Twitch stuff.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, you may not accept our money,
but you accept our love, appreciation, and occasional meals or drinks
when we see you in person.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
I love all that stuff, especially drinks in moderation,
as I'm doing tonight here on OLR.
Jamie, I didn't really pick your brain on the Kickstarter stuff,
but have you backed anything in a while, and if so, why or why not?
The last thing I backed was my Hataful Boyfriend plushies,
and I got them, and they're great, and that's it.
Dan backed Bloodstained, and I don't think he regrets it.
We both kind of agree that...
Actually, I think I did put that as well so I could get a copy too,
but I think we both agreed that it would, you know,
we'd rather wait for a good finished game.
Sure. That's fair.
Yeah. I don't mind. That money's already gone.
What's it going to do us now, right?
Well, but at least we still have a game coming,
but, you know, if you donated to this,
A, you're not even going to get the game you thought you were getting.
B, now it's on hiatus.
I mean, we're just hoping at this point it's still going to happen.
You know, and I'm not trying to be overly negative,
but it's just the reality is a lot of stuff that gets put on hiatus
gets put on hiatus for a long time.
Yeah.
Guys on a show technically is on hiatus.
I would love that for that show to come back,
but it just, you know, extras going through a lot.
I'm going through a lot, so I just don't know when it's going to be right
for that show to come back.
Yeah.
So that show's also free.
Well, speaking of money and things,
I would like to take a moment just to thank everyone who donated to my mom.
Yes.
She now has rent for another month,
and the GoFundMe is still open.
If anyone wants to contribute, I'll link it in the chat.
But I really do appreciate it,
and listening to my mom cry on the phone instead with happy tears
was definitely more what I wanted to hear
as opposed to, you know, when she called me after Michael died.
She just got his ashes.
So, but yeah, she wanted me to pass on to all of you
and how grateful she is to everyone that's contributed to
and continues to contribute to her GoFundMe.
So thanks, everyone, for keeping a roof over my mom's head
until the government assistance comes through.
Awesome.
Thank you.
I also want to give a quick shout-out here
since we're talking about really good fundraisers.
So this is one that I actually picked up through my Ingress circles,
which, you know, was a game we talked about about a month ago here on the show.
But this is really funny because I actually met this guy
from playing Ingress, but he's actually, like,
a fairly well-known classic game developer,
and it was one of those things where I was like,
oh, I had no idea that is, like, what you did and what you were known for.
But anyway, his name's Chuck, and he was actually the creator
and developer of a game called Chip's Challenge,
and it was on the Atari Lynx.
Another game.
So here's the deal.
There's another Ingress player who,
she's a single mom raising her kid right now,
and she found that she had an Atari Lynx, like, sitting around,
and she said in one of the Ingress hangouts,
does anyone want, like, an Atari Lynx?
And that kind of started, like, a whole conversation about it,
and Chuck was like, well, wait a minute.
Let's, you know, I'll try to, you know, give my little endorsement
or whatever to this, and let's try to, like, you know,
get you some extra money to help out here.
So they actually put up on eBay.
It's an Atari Lynx, and it has California games and Chip's Challenge,
and Chuck is going to autograph the Lynx
and autograph Chip's Challenge for you,
and you can see more information about that.
It is on eBay.
I'll have to post the link in chat.
It was recently on my Twitter earlier today.
Maybe somebody can dig that up for me.
Do you know what generation of Lynx it is?
The old one.
Is it?
It's the original.
Okay, because I can't tell from the picture.
I know because I have an original.
PAG 0201, tested with two games.
Yeah, we have the newer one.
Okay.
Yeah, but we already have all those games.
So, anyway, I will definitely,
I'm going to work to get Chuck on the show at some point, absolutely.
Cool.
You know, I wonder if he's been to Atari Party
because the name sounds really familiar.
I don't see how he hasn't been.
I mean, if they know he's in Folsom,
they know that, you know, they probably invited him.
I should have him sign my Lynx.
I need to sell it anyways because I don't play it.
Yeah, but this is for a good cause, Loki.
It's a good cause, too, for me.
Well, I'd have him sign our cartridge, but we play our Lynx sometimes.
Well, I'll ask him next time I see him if he knows about Atari Party.
So, I see him at least once a month or so for various Ingress events.
So, I'll ask him if he knows about Atari Party,
and we'll get him on the show at some point, if he's willing, which I don't...
I used to play a crap...
I think he did say he would.
I used to play a crap ton of Chip's Challenge in the,
was it the Windows Game Pack order they used to have on Windows 3.1?
Yeah, a lot of people kind of talking about that.
They kind of know the Windows version almost a little bit better,
but it was, I guess, a Lynx thing because he had a lot to do with Lynx.
So, anyway, check that out and help out with my books.
That's Windows Air Team Impact. Thank you.
All right. Thank you, Azette.
Please approve the Lynx that's in our chat.
Thank you, Azette.
She actually put that in there because Azette is also one of these Ingress folks
that knows all of these people involved.
Anyhow, cool, cool.
So, we got the fundraisers out there,
and we've got our kickoff topic all finished,
so I think it's time to get into our gaming week.
So, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Just Animal Crossing and Miitomo,
and I actually didn't play hardly any Ingress,
or actually I played Ingress today in the bathroom of the movie theater.
I had things to your portal at the movie theater.
I was going to say, what did you do, bump the portal?
Yeah, bump the portal.
I didn't even notice.
A euphemism.
No, no.
No. No bumping the portals that way.
But really, it's been kind of a weird week for me,
so I haven't really gotten to play much.
Although, I installed Secret of Mana because I wanted to stream it,
but now that 50 million other people are streaming it,
I might stream something else.
Sorry about it.
Let you know you're not.
So, I'm actually thinking of playing the original Secret of Mana
either on our cartridge, so we'd have to get up to the CRT
to keep it with no delay, or just doing it through the SNES Classic.
So, Hubby and I are talking about it, but he'd have to be my player two.
I'm the player one around these parts.
All right.
So, if that's it for your gaming week,
we'll go to Loki with your gaming week.
I mainly played...
Well, I played a little bit of Stardew Valley.
Not as much as I have been.
A little bit more of LEGO Marvel Super Heroes,
just trying to grind out the last 100% on there
so that I can finally stop playing the game
because I'm not really enjoying it anymore.
And then lots of Dance Dance Revolution.
I've been playing at least 30 minutes a day, an hour yesterday,
because I have time to do that.
And then a little bit of Pokémon GO,
a little bit of Ingress when I'm out.
That's pretty much it.
All right.
Well, I don't usually talk about the Ingress stuff,
but I did go on about a two-hour bender last night
just because we did Rocky Horror on Friday this weekend,
which isn't the usual night.
We usually do Saturday.
So, I was up until 2 a.m. on Fridays,
so I was kind of up late last night.
So, I was just like, you know, I'm bored,
and I don't feel like playing Final Fantasy XIV again.
So, vroom, vroom. Let's go make green things.
So, I did that for a little bit.
But otherwise, I've, of course, been playing Final Fantasy XIV.
I got my Red Mage up to level 60.
I've really enjoyed playing that class in the game.
I really like how the kind of like ping-pong mechanic
works in that game.
You want to jump in here?
Yeah, I just remembered I've been playing WoW.
Oh.
Me talking about MMOs reminded you of MMOs.
Well, yeah, I've been playing A Night Born.
So.
Okay. Awesome.
I have also been playing a shit ton of Pokémon GO.
Oh, my God.
Like, just having the gacha, like, I'm able to play a lot.
And Community Day is coming up this weekend.
I'll probably play even more then.
So, yeah.
What is Community Day?
So, that's where, that's kind of like what they're trying to do
instead of the whole, like, we do a big event in Chicago
and it melts down everything.
So, what they did last month is that they set like a three-hour window
and they're like, okay, for these three hours,
what they did last month is Pikachu is going to spawn everywhere.
It's going to be like a Pikachu day.
And for these three hours, it's double XP.
And I don't remember if they did double Stardust.
I don't remember.
But it was something that, it was at least double XP.
And the amount of shiny Pikachus went way up.
Like, it was more like a 1 in 64 or a 1 in 128.
I caught four shiny Pikachus in the three-hour window of Community Day last time.
So, anyway, the Community Day they're going to do this month is Dratini,
which is kind of a harder to find one.
You know, most people in these parts, you know,
even though we had the Anatolia farm the first two weeks of the game,
that's long gone.
So, anybody getting into the game now,
usually the only place to go is like Pier 39
or you might luck out once in a while in Cameron Lake.
But otherwise, you have to hatch them, right?
Like, you don't really get Dratini.
So, this is going to be great for people around the world.
Dratinis are going to spawn everywhere.
We don't know if shiny Dratini is going to happen,
but it seems like lately in Pokemon Go with all the events,
they've been introducing a new shiny.
Like, they did the Valentine's event where Love Disc was everywhere.
Well, shiny Love Disc was a part of that.
They rolled out shiny Love Disc with that.
They just did, they just wrapped up Chinese New Year.
It's the year of the dog, right?
Oh, that's why those dogs were everywhere.
Yeah, so Puchina, I think is the name from Gen 3, the gray dog.
Well, the shiny tan dog started showing up.
So, they've been releasing new shinies with events.
So, everybody expects that shiny Pink, I think it is Dratini,
will start showing up, which means Dragonite and Dragonair,
I think is the middle evolution for that.
So, all those shinies are going to start.
People are assuming that part, though.
Niantic has not confirmed that.
But that's kind of neat if they're rolling out shinies very slowly
to correspond with events, because my understanding is that
the shinies don't go away just because the event did.
So, we'll see. We'll see what happens.
Anyway, other stuff I've been playing.
I have also been playing a lot of Heroes of the Storm,
which has been my every week lately,
but I'm still just trying to get my gold so I can buy my new characters.
Been working on that.
And then this week, I did get that Secret of Mana remake,
and I did stream it, Jamie, I did stream it on Friday,
about the first hour, maybe hour and a half of the game.
I at least got up to the point where you get the girl character
to join your party, because I got to name her Jamie.
Because, well, you know, it just makes it,
if you look at the dialogue, she kind of,
she's kind of a little bit, she's kind of mean to the guy,
and I was like, oh, it's Jamie to me.
I'm not mean.
No, you're not mean.
Always.
It's that very, she's just an independent woman
who isn't here for your shit.
Yeah.
So, and that's, that's Jamie.
So I named Jamie.
And, of course, of course, when the Sprite joins the party,
I'm going to name the Sprite Loki,
although I'd like to do Loki as Tingle, but that might be too long,
so Dark Soccer has suggested on the Bobby Black Wolf call tonight,
I do Lingle, and I'm kind of liking that, so.
That's so much like Linkle, which is the character now.
Or you could do Logel.
Logel.
I like Lingle.
I like Lingle.
I think I'm going to go with that, so.
Makes me think of Lincoln Berries.
Lincoln Berries are delicious.
All right.
Anyway, so that was otherwise pretty much my gaming week.
I'm enjoying the Secret of Mana so far.
I think the redone music is actually fine.
I think a lot of the problems I've been reading on the game is that,
you know, it's just different from the original,
and I don't know, like, I'm liking it.
I get how you can kind of screw up the original when you do a remake.
Like, look at Final Fantasy VI on tablets.
Like, it's bad, right?
But...
Oh, that's too bad they have a bad version of Final Fantasy VI.
Why is that even a thing?
I don't know.
It's because they, I think they probably just got the art done really cheap,
and it shows.
I do feel like the Secret of Mana thing kind of looks like it might have been designed with tablets in mind.
I would not be surprised if this game shows up on tablets eventually,
which would be funny, because the original Secret of Mana is already on iOS, at least.
It's got to be on Android, too, if I'm not mistaken.
But I wouldn't be surprised if this shows up there, too, eventually.
My only complaint is that there's some really weird things that happen with loading.
Like, every time there's, like, a new texture or something happens,
like, there's this little pause, and you could see it on my stream when I was streaming.
It's like the game would kind of skip a little bit, and that was annoying.
Granted, this is on PC.
I have been playing the game on PC just because I thought,
well, I can probably play in a higher resolution than I can on PlayStation 4,
and it turns out you can play in a better resolution.
So I was like, all right, I'll get it on PC.
How much RAM does your video card have?
I don't know. A lot. I need to get a new video card, but my video card's not...
Remember, I totally redid my computer.
It doesn't matter. You know what? I should be able to run it anyway.
I redid my computer, like, two years ago, and it was top of the line then, so...
It's just... What it is is it's Square Enix, and they're shitty ports, is what it is.
But I don't think this is shitty. It's just that's one little hiccup with it.
Okay. Unoptimized ports.
Okay, I'll agree with that. Unoptimized. Good.
All right. I think we're going to get into some of the news.
Usually I would talk about housekeeping here.
I don't have a whole lot to say besides you follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And we will not be here. The last weekend in March will be gone that week.
So... But otherwise, we should be here.
Even though it's killing us, because Dark Soccer and I just found out
that Trixie Mattel is going to be here in SAC two weeks from tonight.
Yep.
But we love y'all so much, we're going to do O-L-R anyway.
But it's Sunday, March 25th. I'm not going to be here.
We all need to go to Ready Player One.
We need to do O-L-R at the movies.
We haven't done O-L-R at the movies in a while.
We need to go see Ready Player One.
I want to see it.
We all went on a Thruple date to Avatar.
Yeah.
So let's go see Ready Player One. Let's do it.
Opening night. Yes, let's do it.
When's opening night?
I hate seeing movies opening night.
I hate opening night.
But I'll do it.
Whatever, I'm going to go see opening night.
It's the one reason I haven't gone to see Black Panther.
Yeah, we're waiting a couple of weeks to go see it.
It's like, I just saw Lady Bird today.
That movie's been out for like three months.
I'll see Black Panther in May.
For opening nights, I have to get off work.
Oh, yeah.
Because I work late.
We'll try to make something work.
Yeah, we'll figure it out.
Yeah.
Alright, anyways.
Alright.
Yeah, let's do it.
Let's get into the news.
Start us off with some gaming news, Logie.
THQ Nordic announced today that they had purchased Koch Media.
So, if you may not know, Koch owned the rights to Saints Row, Metro, and Dead Island, which
were previously owned by the old THQ, which went bankrupt and sold off all their assets.
So it's like THQ buying old THQ stuff.
So now it's back under THQ Nordic again.
So it's like they went back to the pawn shop and bought their ring that they had pawned
a few weeks ago.
Sort of, yes.
Okay.
Yeah, so it's like it's back now.
But, I mean, technically it's kind of new people, but it's just kind of interesting
how it's kind of moved in that.
Yeah.
It is interesting.
I watched a little video today about Saints Row and this guy's essay about why the franchise
just kind of died, and I completely agree with all of it.
It's basically just, especially like they're talking about, see, I can't even remember
their stupid game that they had.
Not Saints Row game.
That's whatever.
It's so, so good.
Agents of Mayhem.
Agents of Mayhem.
Thank you.
Yes.
It was so good that the name just really stuck in my brain.
Yes.
Agents of Mayhem was supposed to be this thing that was completely a brand new IP.
Yeah, they couldn't get away from Saints Row.
And really, with Saints Row, it's always been kind of like a copycat game where originally
it's like, okay, yeah, it's this game that's going to be kind of like Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas, and then it kind of went over the top.
And it's like, well, now Grand Theft Auto 4 and 5 are out.
And it's like, well, shit, what are we going to do?
Let's just go more over the top.
And it just didn't work.
It just, it kind of lost sight of what it was supposed to be.
And now that he tried to do this spinoff.
I did love the over-the-topness of Saints Row, but to be fair, I don't even remember
if I started four.
I mean, I love three.
I laughed so fucking hard at three.
No, three was good.
Three was all right.
There was some room for improvement, but it was okay.
I liked that game.
That was fine.
That skydiving sequence.
I cried.
Yeah.
I cried from laughing so hard.
Four, though, was just like, they basically slapped it.
It was the time that basically they were getting, from what I hear, it was they were getting
pressured because originally four was supposed to be DLC for three.
And it's very obvious that it was.
And they're like, well, instead of putting out DLC, you need to flush it out into a full
game and make that its own game.
And that was kind of a problem.
PJ Technomage in our chat at live.vognetware.com says, I've never finished a single Saints
Row game.
Yeah, you and me both.
But I have this problem inherently with all games.
Like if I finish a video game, that is really a testament because I am definitely the type
of person that's like, I'm going to play this game.
I'm going to play this game.
Ooh, shiny!
Something new is out.
Have you played Grand Theft Auto 5 yet?
I did, but I didn't beat it.
That's for sure.
I should play it more.
But I at least started it.
Yeah, I guess that's fine.
That's something.
That's something.
I have actually finished all of the Saints Row games, so I can say that.
But then my problem is fucking MMOs.
It's weird because I'll keep playing MMOs forever and ever, even though you can't beat
it.
But it's something about that social element.
Like, that's the thing.
The social element can't be beat.
And I think when I have played more console games, like, oh, here's a great example.
Mass Effect 3, right?
I beat that entire fucking trilogy, and that's a great testament to how good those games
were, right?
But then Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, I still played for a very long time, but that's because
I had a lot of friends that were playing it.
It was a social thing.
I remember a problem with Saints Row 3.
That's right.
Saints Row 3, I thought, was a spoiler, but it's been out forever.
They kill off the big bad guy in the beginning pretty fast.
Like he's just knocked out.
And just in a really shitty way, it's just like, and now he's dead.
And then this other guy that's not quite as good as the main bad guy becomes the big bad
guy, and then you fight him a bunch of times, and it was just kind of, eh, it's lame.
But then they tried to do too much, too.
They just threw everything together that didn't necessarily fit.
It was like, now there's zombies for no reason.
Now there's this.
Now there's this.
It's just, it didn't quite work.
Interesting conversation in our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Vidpower says, we all have those comfort games that we keep playing despite new games coming
out.
And PJ Technomage says, civilization for me.
That's another one, though, that can be very social.
Like the easiest way to pull me back into civilization is some of my Bay Area friends
going, we randomly decided to play Civilization 4 tonight.
We did.
Cool.
And then now I'm up until 3 a.m. playing Civilization.
Those games, you know, they don't end.
I haven't gotten into Civilization yet.
Oh, they're so good.
That's probably a good thing.
Isn't Civ 4 free on Twitch Prime, question mark?
I have them in my library.
Okay.
Here in my Steam library.
I've got, I may have Civ 5.
I bought the Civilization Humble Bundle a while back.
Chatters, where's Civ 4 free right now?
I swear I saw something on that.
Is Rageinator here?
He knows where the free games are.
I swear I saw Civ 4 free somewhere.
It wasn't GOG.
I know GOG's been giving away a lot of free stuff lately, but it was somewhere else that
was giving it away.
I think it was Twitch Prime.
I really feel like it was that.
But I hope, you know, I know the new Metro game's coming out.
Thank you.
Act F confirmed it.
Thank you.
Thanks, Chatters.
The new Metro game looks pretty nice, so that's going to be something that's coming out.
And I really do hope that there is a new Saints Row someday.
Just stop it with the Agents of Mayhem thing.
That just did not work at all.
But I would like a new Saints Row game.
Well, another game that maybe folks will be looking forward to.
How about a non-EA Star Wars game?
So this is some pretty big fallout from the loot box controversy that kind of shot Battlefront
in the foot.
Now, I do want to stress this is a rumor.
I will tend to cover these a little more on a slower news week, which this week has been.
So again, take it with a grain of salt.
But the word going around is that EA is, or excuse me, I'm sorry, Disney is rumored to
be speaking with two other developers besides EA.
These developers are Ubisoft and Activision.
What I also found interesting about this is that the outlet that I saw this on that's
reporting this is My Nintendo News.
And one interesting thing they're saying about the Ubisoft and Activision partnership is
that if one of these two were to go through, we'd be likely to get the Star Wars games
on the Nintendo Switch, which I thought was a very interesting kind of tongue in cheek
little thing there because we all know that EA kind of left Nintendo at the altar with
the Wii U, right?
They got up on stage at that E3 and they're like, fuck yeah, we're going to support the
Wii U.
And then they put out, you know, some pretty shoddy ports of year old games and they were
like, wow, none of these things are selling.
We don't know why they're not.
The Wii U is a disaster, everybody.
What's going on?
And then EA just left Nintendo at the altar and EA hasn't really supported the Switch
with the same intensity.
I realize they're kind of throwing the Switch a bone here and there with like FIFA ports
and stuff, but they're not as invested in the Switch as say Ubisoft is right now.
So isn't that interesting that perhaps Disney wants to let Ubisoft make a Star Wars game
because that would mean a Star Wars game on the Nintendo Switch, which is kind of the
hot console right now.
I realize there's a lot of love out there for PlayStation 4 and some for the Xbox One
X and PC stuff as well, but certainly the Switch is growing and growing.
It's already outsold the Wii U completely.
And I think there's a lot of people that would like to see a Star Wars game on the Switch.
Nintendo doesn't have the online system to support loot boxes very well.
They want to tap that younger audience so that they can be involved in all Star Wars
things.
Sure.
So, uh, yeah, I, I'd be very interested to see what happens with all this.
And it's also kind of fascinating that EA might lose their exclusive hold on Star Wars
over what happened in Battlefront.
Like we're starting to see the results of all that bad press.
So as they should, it's been mismanaged for two games now.
Yeah.
So ouch.
Jamie, would you, would you be interested in a Star Wars game from Ubisoft on the Switch?
I haven't been interested in a Star Wars game in a very long time, Rob.
Since 1981 in vector graphics.
Not even then.
What?
I love that game.
Oh my God.
Did you know, and I didn't even know this tangent time, slow news week.
I'm talking about like super return of the Jedi tangent train pulling into the station.
Choo choo.
Okay.
Um, I didn't even know this in old town sack because, um, some friends were visiting from
out of town.
So I did the tourist thing and I went to old town sack with them this weekend, right there.
They have a classic game arcade in this toy shop.
I didn't even know.
Was there a, I didn't even know there was a toy shop in old town now be there's a classic
arcade in the back.
I remember in toy shop being there, but I didn't know they had a, it's small.
It's like one tiny little room, but the reason why I bring it up, they had a star Wars machine,
original vectors, graphics, right?
50 cents a play.
And tiger claws entirely wrong says that I'm more of a star Trek fan than a star Wars fan.
You are wrong.
They have a classic arcade down in, uh, I am a doctor who fan and that's classic doctor
who.
And also for the record, star Wars was the first movie I had ever been taken to.
I was nine months old.
So you cannot say that star Trek is bigger in my heart than star Wars.
You can say that about me.
I like, I prefer Star Trek assumptions when you know nothing Jon Snow, but I don't, I
don't hate star Wars by any means.
I like star Wars a lot.
I still need to see episode eight, but again, I just saw lady bird today.
So maybe we'll go see episode eight next week.
Lady bird was great.
Is episode eight still playing anywhere?
It's gotta be somewhere.
Um, sunrise mall, sunrise doesn't have a really, I don't think, you know, I looked there.
I honestly looked at the movies playing there calling it by those numbers.
All right.
Well, anyway, uh, so, but I like star Trek a lot.
In fact, what am I going to do tonight?
There's no discovery to watch tonight.
I'm a little, what do I do with myself?
You can watch the new episodes of queer eye, which are all right.
But there's one that more, um, mortified is really good on, um, I forget that you and
the wife like super dig queer eye for the straight guy.
I don't like the new series.
Okay.
Really?
You're the first person I've heard say that they don't like the new one.
Well, yes, that that's one, but two it's, they're like in the original queer eye, it
was really kind of Carson was kind of the only one that was like annoying, I guess sometimes
like he was just kind of would play up stuff and it'd be ridiculous and all that.
But in the new series, all of them do it and it's, it's so irritating and annoying that
they just waste so much time and it's just like go on these tangent things in the show.
It's like, okay dude, tone it down as a smidge.
It's just a little much, man.
I hate it when my favorite shows go on tangents anyway.
Let's get next to go to our next, at least I'm not sitting, you know, here simulating
childbirth like they did in the show.
That was something that they did in the show while this guy's Lee next to them going, dude,
what the fuck did I sign up for?
Like seriously, what the fuck is going on here?
To register participation for this week's episode of orange laundry radio at vog network.com
use the pass phrase father.
All right, let's go to our next story.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Oh God.
So sorry people who got certain copies of Bayonetta two on switch because the download
codes were mis-parented.
Oopsies.
It was a download code to get Bayonetta one and some of these codes were printed incorrectly.
So if it happened to you and you're listening and you hear this, go to support.nintendo.com
and report it so that you can get your proper code.
Um, it also said that you can call the Nintendo contact center at 800-255-3700, which when
I was a kid, it was long distance and you had to talk to a game counselor, dude.
They were fun though.
I talked to all kinds of cool people who was some temp with a giant binder.
My grandma was like, why are you calling, uh, why are you, why are you calling Washington?
Um, reasons, but yeah, and it didn't have the internet back then and it's not particular
batches of it.
They went to certain retailers, they are multiple batches.
So it's just a odd misprint.
So if it happened to you, you're not alone.
Well I need to try my ice, my Bayonetta is still in the box cause I'm kind of waiting
on it until I have had my fill of secret of mana streaming and then I'm going to go over
to Bayonetta.
So I haven't, I should try to cash in my code.
I wouldn't want to get left out in the cold.
Thou shalt do such a thing.
I would be very sad if I got shut out of drinking my shot of wine now.
That's right.
If you're just joining us, uh, it is national wine day, uh, the 18th here.
So we're, if I seem a little out of it tonight, it's because I'm now two glasses in.
Cheers.
Three sheets to the wind, three sheets to the wind.
No, my wine does not come in a box.
No, it's, it's frivolous.
It's delicious.
No judgment.
If you change their bottles, Robin, that makes me sad in my heart.
Why did they change the bottles?
But I don't know.
This is delicious and I miss being able to drink.
We fear change.
All right.
Loki.
Next story.
So kind of the topic of Star Wars Battlefront and the whole loot box controversy, Senator
Maggie Hassan, the New Hampshire Democrat Senator.
She wrote an open letter to the ESRB, urging them to review the completeness of the board's
rating process and policies as they relate to loot boxes and then taking into account
the potential harm these microtransactions may have on children.
Of course, you know, the ESRB has made comment regarding, um, loot boxes in the past being
that they don't really see the harm in it, but then again, you know, this is funded by
the ESA, which is backing the games industry.
And of course, you know, the games industry is making several billions of dollars off
of these types of loot boxes and stuff.
And so they don't want to see that cash cow go away.
So it's going to be interesting.
I see this as more of like, Hey, maybe you should take a look at this and consider regulating
it because if you don't, yeah, we're going to, no, I, and that's really fascinating to
me that, you know, now we have a, uh, say Senator or, or representative Senator.
Okay.
So that you have this Senator basically going with the ESRB saying, you might want to read
about that thing you said about loot boxes not being a problem yet.
You might want to reevaluate that.
And that is definitely the equivalent of like a verbal warning.
So I mean, that, that really says to me that the ESRB is under a lot of pressure to self
regulate this because certainly she is not the first Senator to know.
She's not.
In fact, a lot of this has been on the state level.
Is this, is she a state Senator or is she a national Senator thinks she's a state Senator.
Okay.
So still a lot of it's only been on the state level, but it's really just a matter of time
before that buzz.
Of course that would require our Congress to actually do something, but that's a whole
nother tangent for another day.
You could be done on the state levels if they have regulations on the state levels and how
are you going to, I mean, that's still going to affect something if, if they go through.
Because remember California passed something and that ended up getting overturned by the
Supreme court in the end.
Although I would say the whole loot box thing is all violent video was about the violent
video game.
And the fact that the standard was very nebulous when there already is an ESRB, which I am
pretty sure was called out in the Supreme court decision that there was an ESRB, which
is even more of the reason why, you know, a lot of these, you know, political folks
look to the ESRB to regulate and fucking handle this stuff.
Like it's your job to fix this.
It's essentially what's being said.
Well, at the same time, you know, like aside from, you know, government stepping in all
this, it's just people that are consumers of these games have to consider that if you
don't want this kind of stuff in these games, you know, bite the bullet and just don't buy
the game.
Like I was interested in Star Wars Battlefront because I wanted to try the single player
campaign, which apparently was not very good.
And then the whole loot box thing on top of that, I was like, well shit, I'm just not
going to buy it.
So I spoke with my wallet, but you know, like if there's say Grand Theft Auto six comes
out and it's just loot box shit, like all it's just loot boxes, just integrated entirely
in the game.
It's just obstructive, just like it is with Battlefront.
Then maybe I'll have to pass.
Well hopefully something they don't throw into loot boxes in the future is better graphics,
but I think it's only a matter of time, right?
You unlocked HD textures!
They have textures, you unlocked skins, so.
There's a big difference though, Loki, with that.
The cosmetics are one thing.
But anyway, the whole reason I make a silly transition like that is because over on the
Xbox One X and the Xbox One S, 1440p support is coming in the near future.
This is from Kevin Gamill, who's the program manager for Microsoft's Xbox platform partner
group, and a tweet said, many questions recently around the timing of our 1440p support.
Those of you in our early preview ring should be pleasantly surprised very soon if you have
an Xbox One S or an Xbox One X, meaning that that support is coming very soon.
Now you might be thinking, well what's the big deal because the Xbox One X does 4K gaming,
so who gives a shit about 1440p?
Well, you may notice I included the Xbox One S in that, which right now doesn't really
support 1440p, but it sounds like it will, however, I do need to stress, and this is
a big however, the 1440p for gaming is not going to be something for Xbox One S. I'm
assuming that is the interface, so we'll look a little crisper, and maybe some of the, maybe
like video playback and things like that, if you have a video that supports it.
Are there TVs out there that support 1440p?
I thought it was like computer monitors.
Yeah, I think it's more computer monitors that support it, but the only 4K device in
my house is a computer monitor, so I'm sure there's some people out there that do have...
I just thought, like, you know, if it's a 4K TV, why would you want to output the 1440p?
Well, maybe you have a 4K TV, but you only have an Xbox One S.
I have a 4K TV and I don't have anything to utilize it other than the regular high def.
So if, hypothetically, you have an Xbox One S, which is weird that the older Xboxes won't
support it.
Well, I look forward to those online advertisements and extra clarity.
The only thing that I'm going to get 4K right now is when I get my 4K Apple TV, which, by
the way, you can play Sonic CD on it.
I keep forgetting there's games on Apple TV.
And they're fun.
I bought a controller, the SteelSeries controller to use on my Apple TV, and we freaking played
through Sonic CD together on the Apple TV.
Is there a lot of stuff on that?
I haven't looked lately, but I just cared because I already owned Sonic CD, so I just
installed it.
I know there was that random harmonics game that was, like, only on Apple TV.
Yeah.
I never saw it anywhere else.
That we immediately forgot about.
Yeah, well, I personally just don't have an Apple TV, but for me...
I'd sell you mine when I buy my new one.
Well, my game consoles do everything.
What's my Apple TV going to do?
Drag Race.
Actually, I may...
Is there a VH1 app or something?
No, I just have bought the season.
Oh, I use...
It's the one thing that I can actually use the Xfinity on demand for, is I can watch
All Stars 3 at five o'clock, because you can get it as soon as it hits the East Coast.
I just usually watch it the next day after everyone spoiled it for me.
Annoying.
All right, let's move on to another story.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, I was disappointed that I had no Bitcoin.
I thought I had one.
Yeah, I was going to ask whatever happened with that.
I thought I had it.
I thought you had like 25 Bitcoin, and I was like, bitch, you're a millionaire.
Well, I thought that I did.
That was an error.
Of course.
And it was...
You would have needed it.
Yeah.
If she didn't sell it that week, I told her, then now she'd be a thousandaire.
And then it was like, it ended up, I had like a Dogecoin.
Oh, you had the Dogecoin.
That's so worth something, isn't it?
They gave away a ton of Dogecoin at Gamers.
I think the value of Dogecoin went way up.
Like it was worth like next to nothing.
And now maybe it's a nickel.
No.
At any rate...
You have a fucking Litecoin.
Well, and it took me like an hour to get back into my old wallet because it was the old
style wallet.
Even I think I have Dogecoin too.
Well, I'm not worried.
Fuck if I know how to get in my wallet.
Well, I figured out how to get back into my Bitcoin wallet.
And that was interesting.
Oh, I don't have Bitcoin.
Because you had to...
Thankfully, I don't.
You had to do like these words and they had to be perfect.
Oh, wow.
But anyway, if anyone is regretting their lack of Bitcoin right now, there is a game
that is offering a shot at winning one Bitcoin, which is about 10 grand.
The game is on Steam for $1.99.
And actually it's on sale on the release date for 40% off.
You can get it for $1.19.
But it's called Monte Crypto, the Bitcoin Enigma.
It looks like it's first person and has 24 puzzles.
But the first person to beat it will win one Bitcoin.
So hey, you want 10 grand?
Play this game that they're trying to bribe you to play.
I don't think Bitcoin is still worth 10 grand.
I think Bitcoin came down a bit.
But maybe it'll go back up.
I don't know.
Like, it's so hard to fucking know these days what's going to happen with the cryptocurrency.
It's been pretty volatile.
Yeah.
Who cares?
It's more than the price of the game.
You still end up in positive.
Yeah, fair enough.
But they'd have to sell, even at that rate, because this is at the time the article was
printed, they'd have to sell 5,000 copies of the game.
So good luck.
It has a fun name.
I like Monte Cristo sandwiches.
Oh, Bobby tells me I'm wrong.
There's a big surprise.
And that Bitcoin is $10,566 right now.
I swear I saw just in the last week it had dropped to like $600 or something like that.
No, maybe $6,000 or something.
I thought it dropped a lot.
Yes, girl.
Okay.
It's that volatile.
Okay.
So I'm not crazy.
It has been going up and down like a lot.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Chatters.
Chatters are meeting me halfway.
Yes, it did go down, but it went back up.
You know, though, if I had had Bitcoin and I sold it when the whole thing was going down
and I had a million bucks, do you know that you can technically live off the interest
of a million dollars and not have to work?
You have to live frugal frugally.
Yeah.
I was gonna say, can you still do it in today's standards?
Like I know that's something you used to be able to do, but like it takes more to live
on in this day and age than it used to, but what I would do is I would actually pay off
my house and then I would find a part time job and write a book.
I don't know if I could ever not work.
Okay.
You ready?
You ready for another tangent train?
Chugga, chugga, chugga, chugga, slow news week tangent train, choo choo.
And this story literally involves trains.
Oh, that's cause you went to the train museum.
I did.
Again, I had friends from out of town.
Is PJ still listening?
Hello.
Hiya.
If Kevin's out there too.
Hi.
Hello.
Hello.
Uh, so they were visiting from out of town.
So we went to old town and we went to the train museum because PJ is a fan of trains.
You know, the train museum is the first time I ever saw a midnight person in person.
No.
True story.
Anyway.
So anyway, I went, I went to the train museum and one thing I forgot like about the train
museum is that, you know, you can actually like, well, I didn't forget that you could
walk into the trains, but as you do walk into the trains, there's actually people sitting
there that work for the museum in the trains just to make sure you're not horsing around
or trying to ruin anything, you know, protecting the integrity of the exhibits or like one
of the ladies that was policing the dining car, she would actually play the dining chimes
every few minutes.
Cool.
And she'd be like, and look what else you can play with the chimes.
And she'd go, she played the NBC theme with the chimes.
Funny.
So anyway.
Who remembers that?
Silly stuff.
But the reason why I say that and how it relates to what you were just saying is I was thinking,
you know what?
That's going to be me when I'm like 75, not that I'm literally going to work at the train
museum, but I would bet I'm going to end up at some museum, like part time, like teaching
people about that, doing like that volunteer stuff, because I don't ever see myself like
not working either.
Like not working is fun for probably a few weeks, maybe even a few months.
But then I would think like, oh my God, I'm going to go crazy.
You'll just add more podcasts.
That's still working in a way.
I actually super enjoyed my fun employment because at the time I was living rent free
and I went to Disneyland a bunch and I pretty much just still did kind of whatever I wanted
to.
But what I should have done was started my book and I'm going to write that book.
It's going to get started this year.
Okay.
I'm laughing hard over here because Tiger Claw may have got something wrong with you
a minute ago, but he just got this very, very right.
Tiger Claw says Rob will be at a podcast museum.
That's pretty, pretty true.
Back in my day, my friends and I sat around and we talked about video games.
You know what a video game is Timmy?
Get off my lawn.
Get off my God damn lawn.
Get off my hollow lawn.
You would have holographic lawns that simulate the feeling of grass.
What's a video grandpa?
Like it would just be, everything's implanted in the chip in our brain now.
I was talking about that with somebody today that we should have like our ability to use
our driver's license like Apple pay.
And then I was like, no, it's just going to be a little tattoo on our skin that has
a QR code that you scan.
In the words of Sasha Velour, don't joke about that.
But it's already happening.
They're already working on that technology.
Did I tell you about the one tattoo I was thinking about getting?
No.
So they have this type of tattoo where you actually get a tattoo of a sound wave, a sound
form tattooed on your body.
And then you have an app on the phone that you can scan the sound form and it plays it.
So I was thinking about, since I'm fortunate that I have a lot of audio of my mom from
her appearances on this program, when she was around, I have considered getting something
of hers tattooed.
Here's the trick though, just so you know, because somebody in chat will correct me on
it.
Because you might be wondering like, wait a minute, how do you get the sound to be that
crisp?
It's all kind of an illusion, because it's not really, you are getting an accurate representation
of the sound form.
But all the app is doing is it's reading the kind of like the close, what it looks like,
and then looking it up in the database and playing the sound.
So it is kind of...
It works kind of like a QR.
It's yeah, you got it.
It's what it is instead of a QR code.
But I still kind of like the idea.
I mean, even if it's not 100% accurate, I just love that idea.
Because I am into sound, I do do podcasting.
I think that's one of those things where I can't possibly see how I would regret that
decision.
See, I'm planning on having a medical QR code where, you know what I'm talking about?
Where it used, it scanned.
Oh, instead of life alert.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Because I mean, by all rights, due to...
So I'm sorry, life alert is I've fallen and I can't get up.
Medic alert.
Yeah, medic alert.
Is it working?
Like the bracelets.
It's not working.
Like the bracelets.
It would actually have a little label that says medical ID and a QR code on it that would
bring up a page that you can update that lists your allergies, your surgeries, all the things
like that without having them to invasively go into your phone for this information.
And I recommend to everyone right now, I know we're going way off topic, but if you have
a health app on your phone, keep it up the fuck to date because they do look at that
information.
Yeah.
Mine is actually up to date too.
So, um, that's a good advice if you ever are in an issue or what have you.
Yeah.
Yes, we are off topic tonight, but I warned them in the first five minutes it was national
wine day.
So you know what?
Hey, I had my ounce of wine and I'm already, I've already lost it now, but I was pretty
tipsy for about a good minute.
We do have two hours.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio everybody.
Uh, I can't.
All right.
So how about another story, Loki?
All right.
So I don't know what Atari is doing nowadays.
I mean, it seems like that they're just trying to jump on all of the terrible bandwagons
at the same time.
So you may remember that they have their Atari console coming out that we have still no fucking
clue what the hell that is.
Then they have their Kickstarter theme that they did crowdfunding for the roller coaster
tycoon game that's probably going to suck for the switch.
And now, now they're announcing that the Atari token is going to be their new cryptocurrency
that they're going to offer people to buy cause that's the road to the future.
Well maybe my doge coin will be worth something more than this.
Yeah.
So the Atari tokens.
So you know, basically they announced, you know, share it was, they said, um, Oh my God,
can I play yards revenge with the token?
Is that, is that the joke?
That like you buy this fake currency and you can play games online with it?
I don't think so.
I think that they're hoping that they're going to become rich from this.
Why, why doesn't Atari just do the fucking obvious?
Like what I just said, like why not really give that cryptocurrency some value right
off the bat?
Like, look, I'm not, I'm not trying to shade on cryptocurrency.
I understand it's a, it's a thing that a lot of people are into and I even, even my, to
an extent I'm like, okay, Bitcoin is making more and more sense to me, especially when
you explained it a few weeks ago, Jamie, um, and made the whole analogy with like, uh,
X-Box points or whatever they were called.
Like, you know, I think that makes a lot of sense, but Bitcoin is only worth what Bitcoin's
worth because more and more places are accepting Bitcoin.
But like if Atari right off the bat said, you can use this Atari coin for our rich catalog
of Atari products, then it kind of has some inherent inherent value right off the bat.
Even if it's small, even some value.
Let's just assume that, you know, people are going to want to hold on to these Atari tokens
because they're not sure that it's going to become, remember there's ways you could pay
for pizzas and stuff with Bitcoin at one time.
I bet the person that paid for pizza with that Bitcoin's probably regretting that quite
a bit nowadays.
Like I just fucking use cash and said, I spent $30,000 on that pizza.
The same could be said that I didn't invest in my 401k enough money.
I went to Disneyland instead.
Um, and am I going to regret that when I'm 65?
I might, but at the same time I got to go to fucking Disneyland.
So Loki, what I'm trying to tell you is that that pizza was fucking good.
Hope it was.
Anyways.
Yeah.
So they're saying with that, um, you know, blocked blockchain technology is poised to
take a very important place in our environment and to transform, if not revolutionize the
current economic ecosystem, especially in areas of video game industry and online transactions.
So because I don't understand enough about blockchain and ship, how is it that we're
just creating money from nothing?
I mean, it's what I want to know.
Cause like if we can just create money from nothing, then I guess I should just come out
my coin and sell that and stuff.
I know.
Oh, a VoG coin.
Is that what you, you want a VoG coin?
I don't know.
I mean, what's Bobby.
Maybe if Atari VoG coin, can we get a book?
If Atari can do it and Atari is just like, I can already see it's just like, I can already
see the disapproving look on Bobby's face and the art style.
The thing is, is that I don't think that Bitcoin was created from nothing technically.
I think that it was created with a pool of real funds into creating this currency.
Cause I mean, think about it.
The origins of coinage anyway, were a result of having something for a barter system.
It was a unit of, instead of having physical goods to change, people would then use these
as a token to exchange for other goods.
So it's basically adding another layer into the barter system.
And then from there, now all society will, unless you are extremely, extremely communist,
you know, works on this now system of currency.
They've just taken that system of currency to work the way, almost like our credit cards
do.
Except our credit cards work on debt, whereas Bitcoin is, it's not, while it may not have
physical substance, it's as substantial in currency as having coinage.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
Akuma JP kind of adds to your thought saying money was just a paper, if not for banks.
So kind of a...
Well, what happened?
Jamie just did the actual Oprah gif that you may have seen where Oprah just kind of goes,
there you go.
There you go.
But the other thing too is, I mean, if you want to have another prime example of this,
let's just use American history here for a second.
Confederate money.
They created the money for the Confederacy when the Confederacy died, the money became
worthless except as, you know, to collectors or after World War One, the Deutschmark because
the company, the country was so impoverished, their money was nothing.
People were using Deutschmarks to actually use as kindling because they were worth nothing.
So I mean, there you go.
It only has the value ascribed to it by whatever financial institution is behind it and the
power of the country it's in.
So...
Or commemorative plates.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, I'm trying to figure out if I really
want to take my old tokens from Electronica, the experience at Disney California venture,
and put the VOG logo on it and give them to you as a VOG coin.
You know, there's kind of a, there's a double meaning there though, because remember when
VOG was born, when the idea came out that this is a thing that should be happening.
It was at Disneyland at Electronica.
So...
Well, and I do agree with JD that's either collector's items or racist tokens as back
to the Confederate money, but there also are historians who collect.
There is historic value in it, even though that history is not a pleasant one to always
confront.
I also do know people who collect defunct coinage and you know, have like old Roman coins, old,
you know, even the, you know, little stone coins, you know, from other cultures.
One man's trash is another's treasure.
Right?
Yeah.
Anyway, let's move on to, it's not cryptocurrency, something completely different.
It's VR.
And this is the interesting headline out there.
Nintendo president is interested in VR, but says nothing interesting has been done yet
with the tech.
Well, that, that comment's just leading itself over to, what do you mean nothing interesting
has been done?
No, no, no, no, no.
Well, hold on.
So here's the quote from Tatsumi Kimishima, who of course is the president of Nintendo
right now.
He said in this tweet, I guess that came from Japanese Nintendo, was this in an interview
or something?
I'm not sure where the interview was or what have you.
But the quote was, I understand that VR is interesting as a technology, and I am very
interested in it.
I will use it if I can make interesting things with it.
We have not done anything interesting yet.
So I'll give them that with, with the technology.
Here's the thing.
And this is what it really boils down to.
And, and, you know, I'm going to take his words in another fashion and agree with it.
And that is that VR does not yet have its Wii Sports.
And that's what Nintendo, you know, really does.
Well, A, they didn't invent the VR technology.
They like to do this stuff with the new ways to game that they invent.
But if Nintendo can kind of find that must have way to incorporate VR, that must have
game or kind of see that must have game out there, then they're going to jump on board
with it.
Are you telling me that VR chat isn't the Wii Sports of VR?
Regretfully, Loki, I'm sorry to inform you, don't think it is.
I don't know.
I think there's been plenty done with VR, but yeah, there's not like been any really
killer apps have sold the platform.
I think.
I mean, there's been a lot of good games, but nothing like, you know, is the finding
is like Mario Odyssey or something like that for VR.
You don't, when you think of VR, you don't really think of like a particular game.
It's more of just kind of an experience or platform.
So I get it there, but also at the same time, it almost seems like that they're just defending
themselves of the fact that they're not entering that market as like, Oh, nothing, nothing
significant has been done yet.
That's why we're doing what we're doing, you know, kind of thing.
Cause they did the same thing or like other companies are the same thing with like motion
controls or rumble or like HD and all that stuff.
And they've made that argument like before where it's like, eh, here's the thing.
Nintendo is in this position now that they don't have to defend their fucking choices.
Four years ago, they needed to defend their fucking choices because the Wii U is not performing.
The switch on the other hand is exceeding expectations in many ways.
So whether we like it or not, Loki, and we've had this conversation a thousand times, even
though you and I go back and forth all the time on Nintendo and things, they ought to
be doing better.
The reality is they're selling shit, tons of switches.
They've got enough on it.
That's fun to play.
So VR be damned for them.
They'll incorporate VR when it suits their narrative.
That's what it boils down to.
In the meantime, cardboard folded into interesting shapes to do crazy things.
That is what Nintendo sees a market in instead.
And it's like, and I'm not shading that because like a lot of people are like, wow, that's
fucking neat.
And even I'm like, I don't know if that's for me, but that is kind of fucking neat.
And the more and more stuff I see them doing with it, like I did see that little like light
gun thing they were doing.
So I guess there's a new one they're doing with Labo is like a light gun.
And I'm like, okay, that is kind of neat.
It's just, I know it's a gimmick.
It's a gimmick.
It's a gimmick to sell a tech demo game.
And honestly, I hope the games are good because that's where it's going to come down to.
But it's like, no, it's an interesting concept, but no.
I think the whole thing with Labo though, is that it has to have been in development
for quite some time because, um, does anyone remember, um, when Nintendo for Wii U was
talking about Project Giant Robot?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that game actually ended up, uh, looks like it's what got turned in to the Toy-Con
2, the robot kit.
Yeah.
But at the same time, I think Nintendo just didn't want to maybe waste those resources
when they saw the writing on the wall for the Wii U, it was just kind of like, well,
how do we not lose what we've done here so far?
And they, it was repurposed.
I don't think it was like designed with Labo in mind or anything like that.
And I think that kind of shit happens in the game industry all the time.
Well shit, Overwatch, right?
That game is fucking insane what that game's doing, right?
Overwatch came from Project Titan, which got axed, you know, and we'll never know really.
I mean, we, we've heard rumors and things of what Project Titan was, but all we know
is that a lot of this stuff for Overwatch, like some of these maps and things were supposed
to be like a part of Titan.
And I think the, the game in Overwatch was like one element of Titan, but they instead
put it into this like full flesh game.
So anyway, long story short, sometimes these games are born from canceled things, you know,
or they just, they, they evolve.
So anyhow, uh, let's, let's, let's travel to a simpler time, shall we?
There was, there was no virtual reality or anything like that.
You know what there was?
They tried.
There was a power glove, which is a great transition into the classic peripheral of
the month.
Because usually every week on this show, uh, Dark Soccer's Steps into the Gaming Vault
finds a game that she thinks, hey, you brat should be checking this game out.
But in a 2017 twist, no one should use this.
She did systems every month.
And this year, 2018, she's doing one peripheral a month.
So Dark Soccer.
No one should use this one though.
Okay.
This is a bad peripheral.
It is.
And what I'm gonna-
So wait, hold on.
Bobby, see, sometimes we pick bad things, but I didn't pick that game.
So that was a week you weren't here.
All right.
But, um, but I've decided that because it's kind of hard to find music to go with some
of these, that I'm trying to pick like, I guess, music from the system, like Bios music
or something.
Uh-huh.
So I picked the Sega CD Bios 2 because honestly it's awesome.
But that's not the peripheral.
The Sega CD is not the peripheral.
But it worked on it.
Okay.
Well, what is the classic peripheral of the month?
It is the Activator by Sega.
And when I moved out here, we bought an Activator with Eternal Champions for $10 at Virgin.
If you remember the old Virgin store that we had here.
It was released for the Sega Mega Drive in 1993, also known in the U.S. as the Genesis.
And the technology was used in- similar technology was used in the Sega System 32 fighting game
Dragon Ball Z VR versus.
So it used your motion sensors to play the game.
But anyway, it was when a lot of companies were investing in virtual reality or I would
more put this as augmented reality, but not the type of AR that we're used to using our
phones, but as a way to immerse the movement of the player with the game, you know.
And so the Activator was developed by a company called Interactive Light for Sega.
And then it was- for those in Brazil, it was brought there by Tech Toy, but it was based
off of a musical interest called the Light Harp that was conceived of by a person named
Asaf Gerner.
Did we know that?
No, we did not.
It had eight segments that put it together, made an octagonal ring that you place on the
floor and then it fires beams of light upwards where-
Just like a Para Para machine.
Yes, I was getting to that.
Sorry.
It seems to me like also one of the influences for Para Para, at least the game versions.
Para Para is by itself special.
So you would break the light beams by kicking or punching to send signals to the Mega Drive
console and then it's supposed to, you know, repeat it in game.
It's basically a giant control pad with your left, up, right, down, A, B, C, and start
buttons mapped to those segments.
They were marketing it as a martial arts simulator that it was supposed to work specifically
with the fighting games, but a lot of games just did not work very well with it.
And you could also distort those light beams by not having a flat ceiling.
And we tried it in my house that had a vaulted ceiling at the time.
I mean, we've still got vaulted ceilings now, but it really didn't work very well.
And then, like I said, they revamped the activator for Dragon Ball Z VR versus and it had extra
sensors so that it could better, I guess, better read, you know, what was going on.
And it was really popular.
And it was also one of the first full body motion games because, you know, we've had
several since then, like, well, we have Police 9-1-1 and wasn't there like a firefighting
game or something?
Anyway.
But there were some games that were designed for the activator and they were called Activated
so there was best of the best championship karate, Eternal Champions, Greatest Heavyweights
and Streets of Rage 3.
It had support for Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter II, Special Champion Edition and Streets of
Rage 2.
And the Sega 32X versions of Mortal Kombat 2 also mentioned the activator by game but
it didn't work very well.
There were also a couple of unreleased games that were meant to be specifically used by
the activator but were canceled called Air Drums and Bounty Hunter.
And that's it.
That was the activator.
It came in this big red box that had all the, you know, 90s looking text that, you know,
it glowed and had, you know, drop shadows and shit.
So there you go.
The activator.
The flop of the week.
Yeah, it was kind of shitty but an important, you know, peripheral nonetheless.
Not all peripherals were great.
Well, it's only slightly better than the U-Force.
Hey, don't spoil what might be an upcoming.
I did the U-Force last month.
Oh, why did I...
Girl.
I thought for some reason you did the Power Glove the first month.
I don't remember why.
No, I haven't done the Power Glove yet because it's so bad.
We talk about it so often.
I'm trying not to do anything too terribly obvious.
That's fair.
But...
That's fair.
Because I can't...
Because Para Para Biscuits, yeah, they're a peripheral but they were part of the arcade
game.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'd like to have some suggestions from people like what is so shitty it deserves to be mentioned.
I'm gonna say go to our Discord to shout those out.
I kind of pay attention to the Discord.
I pay close attention to it.
It took me, what, three months to join it?
Good job.
You're finally on board.
Yeah.
Vognetwork.com slash Discord.
I also, though, have my own channel in there too but I don't do anything with it.
JD has a great question.
Is it terrible peripherals only?
No.
No.
This is gonna probably be a two-year segment.
Oh, you're gonna stretch this into 2019.
Because there's so many things.
There are a lot.
And I've run out of ideas.
All right.
OLR confirmed through 2019.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, we're gonna take a quick break, you guys.
In 2020, I'm probably gonna do like video game-related endorsement of the month.
Like Mario cereal or something.
Video game commercial.
Put them on.
Now I'm gonna do endorsement.
So that means I can also talk about Doki Doki Panic.
And Wrecka.
Sure.
And we can talk about Cool Spot on the NES.
I'd rather not.
All right.
We're gonna take a quick break, you guys.
When we come back, there is plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio coming up, including we'll
talk about some rapid-fire news, including some updates on Stardew Valley and Dragon
Ball FighterZ.
And then we'll talk a little bit about Overwatch.
Why not?
We already brought it up earlier in the show, so we'll talk about it a little more.
All this and more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight.
Episode number 719 of our show for this February the 18th of 2018.
Already in progress.
Let's get into, before we get into rapid-fire news, actually, I gotta ask Loki about this
because I'm sure you've been following some of this news and it's been coming up on the
Discord.
We're talking about Discord before the break and definitely some folks talking about movies
coming up.
Ready Player One, of course, all those character posters are showing up and there's a lot more
news about that.
Yeah.
Darsakha and I even saw the Ready Player One poster today at the theater, so it was like,
that movie's getting closer.
Getting hype.
Excited for that?
Yes, I'm very excited for it.
So, here's another movie.
I didn't even know this was happening, but apparently they're doing another Kung Fury
movie?
Yeah.
So, is this just a remake of the short as a movie or is it a sequel?
I think they're doing a full-length movie, but as a sequel.
Okay.
And apparently, and what I'm reading online, Michael Fassbender is in it.
Is in it.
We don't know what he's...
Yes, he was in Shame.
Yes, we all know that movie.
I just want the soundtrack to still be done by Mitch Marder because it was, well, thanks
to my friend Nikki, I've, I guess, discovered Retro New Wave, which is all that 80s style
synth pop.
And I've listened to some of his other stuff and it's amazing.
Have you ever played Hotline Miami?
Yeah.
Okay, I was gonna say.
Because, I mean, they have him or Future Cop or Droid Bishop on that soundtrack, or even
pull Stan Bush out of retirement, you know.
Is Hasselhoff confirmed for this one?
Yes, he is.
Yes.
And then I saw a good old Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former governor of this state that kind
of had a disgraceful exit, but he's back doing movies again, so he's gonna be doing Kung
Fury.
Yeah.
I'm gonna take Andrew Kossing's role, the Thor God.
I hope Schwarzenegger is not there to take that role.
No, I think he's supposed to play someone else.
I hear you might, I think he might even be the villain or something like that.
Oh shit, okay.
Maybe.
Nice.
So, I don't know, but yeah, he's not, no, he's not gonna take Thor's role or anything.
As long as that arcade machine comes back.
Well, he got killed in the first one, didn't he?
There's always a chance that more of them will come back, but yeah, it, it, I'm excited
about it.
Um, of course that's so far off, you know, um, we'll have to see when that comes out,
but I hope they don't replace the guy that plays Kung Fury because I understand Fastbenders
into, but like at what they didn't say, he is Kung Fury.
So I don't know.
No, I don't know.
I guess we still have some time to find out, but I just, I'm kind of shocked that they're
getting like all this big talent very suddenly.
So because it's a cheat, it, it's more of like, it's a fun project.
I think at this point when you've done so many big things, when you've made Assassin's
Creed, what else is left to like, look at like almost forcing your perfect example or
his words to nigger and Jackie Chan or in like some Chinese film or something when he
plays like this general guy in that as well.
It's just kind of like fun projects.
It's not necessarily like they've made their money.
I mean, Arnold Schwarzenegger at this point kind of has to make fun of himself.
Like there's really nothing left for him.
I think, yeah, I mean, you take some roles for money and you take some roles because
they're just fun.
They're just stupid, weird or something.
I don't know.
So, um, but yes, I am incredibly excited about, um, Ready Player One.
All right.
So lots of stuff going on in gaming.
And then we saw also a poster for Tomb Raider cause that's just, I didn't realize how close
that movie.
I didn't even know it was coming out.
Yeah.
And if you saw, well, I don't know if you've seen the new trailer for Ready Player One.
They have that play in front of, um, Black Panther right now as well, Linzels online.
But uh, there is a cameo from Hello Kitty and Batsmaru in there.
Woo.
No, I haven't seen the new trailer.
No, there is a small cameo.
I saw every, we, every single trailer we saw today were the exact same trailer except for
one.
There was one, the one about the Quantum Leap.
It was Quantum Leap for teenagers.
That's what it was.
It was the, what was it called?
Everyday.
Was that the name of the movie?
With the pink song in the trailer.
What?
It was like, every day I'm waking up in a different body and I'm falling in love with
you.
It looked like some teenage movie, but like the main character was all these different
people that was, yeah, it actually was the most interesting out of all the trailers.
I liked the one about, but I also fucking love pink and I love that song.
Like the song is so good.
Yeah.
I want to see that one.
I kind of want to see the black comedy though.
The yeah.
And then we, we see all these other trailers and what's, what's the other one we saw twice
now with the, it's like Charlie and the horse or something.
And I leaned over and I was pick up Pete, pick up here.
I leaned over and I whispered in Jamie's ear, you know, he's going to fuck that horse because
the whole trailer is like, I'm going to take my horse.
I love you.
I'm going to take this horse.
I'm going to leave.
Yeah.
But you know what my reply was?
Steve Buscemi is randomly in it too.
Catherine the Great.
He ain't.
No.
Unfortunately it's not the horse.
The horse is not, it's not a Mr. Ed thing going on.
It's supposed to be like a legit movie that I suppose maybe we'll give some people feel
like, was it like I go on a Netflix now and the turn, the first two things that, um, greet
me as, as we enter into the kids section is two abominations to the cinema.
Number one, the emoji movie and number two, the who the fuck asked for this fucking remake.
But Woody Woodpecker, the CG animated CG live action, Woody Woodpecker movie.
I'm like, no, God, no, no.
Why?
No.
Thankfully my kids are smart and do not want to watch either one of those.
All right.
Anyway, it's, that's the second time we've become a movie podcast tonight.
We're starting to creep on critical myths turf here at the Lucy keeps network.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into some rapid fire news back in these games.
Loki.
So, uh, this is kind of cool cause I've been playing a little bit of Stardew Valley, but
they are going to be adding multiplayer soon and they announced that they're going to be
doing a beta for said multiplayer in the spring.
So, um, basically it'll give us more details as it gets closer to that, but it is something
that's coming.
Uh, but he did post the picture of, you know, kind of some of the screenshots from that
multiplayer add on expansion or whatever.
And of course it shows two houses or as opposed to the one house.
Um, so that's kind of cool.
I'm be kind of interested to see how that plays out or if it's going to be like, you
have to play at the same time or is it like, you know, you can keep visiting like Animal
Crossing where you can keep visiting back to the same world type thing.
That'll do wonders for streaming too.
I think that's going to be a lot of fun to watch.
Like people kind of doing that together.
So yeah, I mean, I don't know how much that's going to really add to the game, but I'm hopefully
they're going to add more content to the game along with the multiplayer.
So we'll see.
Um, and then of course this is exciting news regarding dance rush.
Round one is basically said that they're going to be bringing it to the US in their locations.
So that's pretty awesome.
Starting this summer.
We'll have to drive all the way to Concord to play that.
Although soon, did you guys hear this?
They have announced the upcoming round one openings, uh, later this year, they're going
to be opening one in Hayward, uh, at the mall there.
And uh, I don't know if you guys have heard this in the fourth quarter of 2019, Roseville
is getting around one that was confirmed.
So pretty, pretty cool.
There'll be one in our neighborhood.
So where's the Concord one?
Is that the mall there?
The Concord one is at Sun Valley mall.
Oh yeah.
I don't know what store it used to be cause I don't, that's not my own.
And they say this new one is going into the Galleria, but the Galleria doesn't have any
open space that I know of in the mall, uh, unless some big store closed there that I
can't think of.
But I don't think the Galleria has like, like there's no like Sears there that went under
it.
Like the Sears there is still open.
Yeah, it's still open.
Yeah.
But across the street from the Galleria, there's that big open lot that used to be the furniture
store that they do the haunted houses in every October.
I bet that's it.
That's big enough to be around one, but that's kind of a long time for that to sit empty.
I mean, you know, that I would be surprised if they're going to have to do, if they're
going to have to do make makeovers on the building to make it work, put a bowling alley
in there and you know, maybe there's already an agreement for Halloween of this year that
they have to see through or something.
Who knows?
But yeah, so they'll be coming out, um, starting this summer.
So that's going to be pretty exciting.
And just real quick, I'm sorry, JD is put the list in chat.
There are more round ones opening besides just in our neighborhood.
Like I saw like there's a new one in Ohio somewhere and there's, there's, there's others
opening across the country.
So, um, you should check and see if you're on the list because you know, again, they're
not paying us to make this plug, but I mean, round one is bringing like old school arcades
back and especially with the types of games that flat out interest me, you know, the Japanese
imports.
So I support it.
Yeah.
And I'm just going to be excited because by the time it does get in our neighborhood,
I'll be actually in shape enough to be able to play them again.
Maybe I will be too.
We'll see.
Of course, as I say here, as I down my third glass of wine.
Um, but yeah, so like the final name of the game now is Dance Rush Stardom is the full
title that they have now.
And um, so there's some additional information regarding dangerous stardom, including talking
about that.
They have now language selection in there as well.
So they have Japanese, English, Korean, traditional Chinese, or simplified Chinese, um, or options
you can choose for the menu, which is kind of nice so that they can put it out, you know,
internationally.
And then they have, of course, the, uh, the different modes you can do.
So you have your basic mode and your premium mode, the premium mode, of course, if you've
seen it online, there's some YouTube videos out there will basically record you playing
the game.
So you can actually upload that as well to the internet for all to enjoy.
So there's that.
They show a little bit of the lesson mode that's available in the game as well.
And um, talking about songs that are in the game.
So there's quite a few songs.
They said there's gonna be 50 at the North American launch, but, um, you know, some of
the ones I've heard so far, they had Wicked, um, from, uh, from our Jew, I guess.
And let's see without you a press.
I know that there's, uh, give me a big beat by Korskay.
That's one I've been listening to my car, um, sacrosanorized by Rio star.
They also have a remix of butterfly in there as well.
I've heard that one.
That was pretty cool.
Um, I watched, uh, like a double, the group before the play in the butterfly remix.
That was pretty cool.
I saw that too.
Yeah.
A revolution by Broadio and, um, I dunno, it looks like just a really fun game.
Um, so they did once again, uh, 50 songs at launch, four songs added every month after
that.
And it's scheduled for at least in March in Japan.
So the U S will receive it in the summer.
I have to say, like, honestly, with all the like music games that come out, this one has
me kind of the most excited since like DDR, you know, like I really want to try it.
Looks like a lot of fun.
So yeah.
Um, I am very excited to see how this, how this looks when we come out because right
now I'm assuming, cause this isn't obviously 50 songs that they're listing on here.
So I'm wondering if between the now and then is where we're going to get the additional
songs because yeah, this is probably just the test test version list.
They'll probably be more, we'll see.
So maybe some old classics coming back.
Who knows?
Anyhow.
Well, if you are a user of GOG or good old games, uh, good news, uh, and you use steam,
I should say, if you use both, some good news is that some more games got added to GOG connect.
If you don't remember what that is, that is where as long as your steam profile is public
and you link the two together, you can import your steam owned games into your good old
games library.
So they just added 11 more games, including mountain blade or well, tropical for a Y
AI war collection, Hunie pop, Kim pirates, gold plus tempest, the sexy brutal, Hunie
pop.
I think is what it is.
A Hunie pop.
That was just one in.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Then a Hunie pop, uh, tempest, uh, torchlight, which is the one that I had that I was able
to import and unreal tournament game of the year, which I know a lot of people own that
one.
So pretty cool.
So if you haven't checked out that feature, uh, and you use GOG, uh, you should get on
that.
Uh, in other news, how about mega man legacy collection for the Nintendo switch?
We knew it was coming because Capcom did announce they are going to make it happen when they
finally finally put out that trailer for mega man 11, right?
They announced that mega man legacy would come to the switch, but this is what's interesting.
Apparently the ESRB rated a game called mega man legacy collection one and two.
So it sounds like the games are simply being bundled together, which is great.
I hope they just did one cart with both games.
Why not?
Yeah.
And give the switch owners a little something for having to wait or what'll probably really
happen.
I think weren't these games like 20 bucks a pop when they were, uh, on the PS four marketplace
and the Xbox marketplace.
Yeah.
It'll probably just be a $40 cartridge.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
Maybe let's hope not.
Let's hope they maybe change that a little bit.
We'll see though.
Uh, dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
Oh, we have some stuff about dragon ball fighter Z, which I haven't gotten because I went ahead
and bought, you know, the battle for Azeroth for world of Warcraft and I'm being frugal,
but we do have the announcement of two DLC characters and one of them is Bardock and
Bururi, um, going in for a even more fighting, but you can get them through the season pass
that unlocks eight additional characters for $34.99.
Um, and then in other news, uh, there is a rumor about a, uh, a kart racing that's going
to be Sonic and friends, more, more Sonic karting from Sumo digital.
Somebody out there is playing a cruel joke on orange lounge radio where we have a long
running gag of saying Sonic and all of his shitty friends.
So somebody is actually making a karting title for Sonic and all of his shitty friends.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He's got some good friends.
Really just knuckles.
Hmm.
Yeah.
The ones that weren't starring in the game, they're all pretty shitty.
Now if Sonic's shitty friends include Ooh, la la and you know, other Sega characters
like the last Sonic racing game that was actually pretty decent, you know, considering how long
we had to wait for Mario kart eight, like was actually pretty decent that, that, uh,
what is it called?
Sonic and friend, no Sonic and Sega all-stars, Sonic and Sega all-stars racing.
That was rad.
Sonic's friends are the same.
And Danica Patrick.
Yeah.
And Danica.
Yes.
If, if Danica Patrick and Sonic are still tight, if they're still BFFs, then I'm okay
with that.
You know what I want them to do?
I forgot Danica Patrick.
You know what I want them to do with one of these games?
We haven't had the OPA OPA in one of the racing games and it should just be the OPA OPA in
all of those modes.
You know, instead of having little wheels, it's running around on its tiny little feet.
And then when it says aerial scenes, the little wings come out or it's the big wing.
OPA OPA should be a special unlock, just saying.
And when I was playing Phantasy Star Online, you better believe I had an OPA OPA mag.
Tiger Claw in chat says, Amy isn't one of Sonic's shitty friends since she was the part
of Sonic CD.
Well, in the words of Britney Spears, if you seek Amy.
And then they're also like, she's also Sonic Adventure and in the comics, so whatever.
And then I know, yeah, they keep adding new, new friends in the comics too.
Like I saw one today, it was like Rough and Tumble or something like that.
But yes.
All right.
We're going to travel around the world and check out some upcoming releases.
That's not rumor, that's fact until it gets delayed.
Loki, what's coming out this week, hopefully?
All right, so this week, let's see, we've got Age of Empires Definitive Edition.
That's on PC.
Armored Warfare on PlayStation 4.
We have Little Witch Academia Chamber of Time.
That's on PC and PlayStation 4.
Oh, goodie!
Mel Gear Survive, the non-Kojima Metal Gear game.
I thought that game came out a fucking long time ago.
No, Mel Gear Survive is coming out this week on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Okuto Gotoku on PlayStation 4.
Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 Plus on Nintendo Switch.
This is awesome.
Them's Fighting Herds on PC.
Remember the game that was going to be in fighting?
Oh, yeah, didn't that come up last week on the show?
I thought it did.
I don't remember.
I've been hearing about it on Twitter or something this week, so that's cool.
Yep.
Then we've also got Pass Cure on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, and Sword Art Online Fatal
Bullet on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
That's it.
Alright, traveling over to Japan, the I'm sure incredible title of Metal Gear Survive
is also coming out in Japan on February 21st.
It's kind of a little bit earlier than the rest of the releases on the 22nd, including
Senran Kagura Burst, Girls und Panzer Dream Tank Match, Kimi no Hitomi ni Hitmi in regular
and limited edition, and then let's see, Azayaka na Irudori no Naka de Kimi Rashiku comes out
as well.
And then there's another game called Summer Lesson, which is like a three-in-one basic
game.
Yeah, that is all coming out as well.
All that in Japan on the PlayStation 4 this week, the Vita seeing some of those releases
too, including Vitamin X Destination, Tokimeki Restaurant, Project Tri-Stars in all sorts
of different configurations, including a fifth anniversary box, and Harukanaro Toki no Naka
de Ultimate in like three different configurations of limited editions and so forth.
I don't think the Switch, oh no, the Switch has one pretty big game this week, Rayman
Legends gets a Japanese Switch release this week.
That's pretty cool.
So you can check that out and let's see if the 3DS has anything.
No, I think things are slowing down over there.
So we'll go over to Europe with Dark Sakura.
On the 20th, we have The Station for Mac, PC, PS4, and Xbox One.
On the 21st, Rad Rogers for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and Steam World Dig 2 for 3DS.
On the 22nd, Metal Gear Survive on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and Past Cure for Xbox One.
All right, well, it's time to dive into the mailbag because every week you guys send us
emails or sometimes you don't, but you send them to participate at orangelauntradio.com
and Dark Sakura dives in the mailbag.
Who left the sticky stuff everywhere?
Finds an email, sorry, I spilled the wine, and finds an email worth reading on the air.
We have one email.
One email!
All right, let's do it.
Participate at orangelauntradio.com.
Sorry again about the double mailbag submission two weeks ago.
As I said in the second, I didn't see my first and my second items.
Just a quick thought here, I see the Nedroid toy line is adding mercy to their Overwatch
collection to go with Tracer and Mei.
I wonder if they'll do more of these and if so, what the hell would a Roadhog Nedroid
look like?
I sort of wish there were Animal Crossing figures in the line besides just Isabelle,
Robert M. I would actually pay for one if I had a crazy red, which by the way, I'm wearing
my crazy red shirt tonight.
It says, looks legit, or seems legit, sorry.
What's a Nedroid?
The little cute figures, the kind of chibi figures.
Not pop vinyls.
Not pops.
This is something new.
They're expensive, number one.
Where pops are like 12 bucks, these are like 60 bucks.
I'll find you one, because there's a Nedroid link that I kind of have on.
There's a Kirby as well, but I'll find you one and link it to you so you can see what
they are.
Y'all will be happy to know I bought two more pop vinyls over the weekend, by the way.
I already finished my Drag Race collection, that's been there for a while, but I found
in a store a Liam and a Sarah Ryder so that Allen could finish off his Mass Effect Andromeda
collection.
So now he has all of them.
So I did buy some pop vinyls, because y'all know I love pop vinyls.
I need to get a Vetra, because she's space waifu.
Seriously, the playthrough I'm doing now on Andromeda, if I ever get back to it, is a
Vetra romance, because Turians, meow.
Overwatch is huge, and if Blizzard license it, it doesn't matter what the toy company
is, as long as they're putting out quality products, you'll probably see every Overwatch
character at some point.
They're doing a Mr. Rogers pop vinyl.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I want it.
And they're also doing, and I thought I linked it to you, I don't remember.
The Coming to America dolls?
PeeWee's Playhouse.
Oh god.
They're doing everything.
I just, you know how I feel about it.
I think the pop dolls, it's too much.
We have too much.
There's too many of them.
I say that, and yet I have my Drag Race dolls and my Golden Girls dolls, so even I get sucked
into it once in a while.
JD says, are they not Funko Pops anymore?
Oh, I keep calling them Pops, because that's what it says on the box.
You're right.
They are Funko Pops.
I don't know.
I'm three glasses in, y'all.
Leave me alone.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
Yes.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
In the meantime, let's go into some more news.
Loki.
Everything old is new again, so guess what's coming back?
That's right.
Twitch plays Pokemon.
Pet rocks.
Oh.
What?
No pet rocks.
We said everything old is new again.
I guess maybe not everything.
Most things.
So Twitch playing Pokemon, that's right.
This time, there's a twist.
Not only are they playing one Pokemon game, but they're playing another Pokemon game at
the same time.
So Pokemon Red and Blue are going on at the same time.
On top of that, there is even a ... I don't even know what exactly this is, but there's
a game of Pokemon Pinball being played at the very bottom of the screen as well.
I guess somehow you bet on that, and you can earn tokens to do things.
So that's kind of neat.
Like the other games, this is mainly ... looks like they do incorporate a democracy mode
every once in a while, but for the most part, it's just whatever the other mode is, the
direct controlling of everything.
And I guess as of right now, looks like I think Pokemon Red is ahead a little bit.
But yeah, looks chaotic.
So meaning they've gotten a little further in Red than they have in Blue.
Yes, Red right now is stuck in the bushes, and Blue is in a fight right now with Slowbro.
Thank you for the play-by-play.
Good stuff.
Oh, they got out of the bushes, woo-hoo!
All right, so yes, exciting stuff.
I'll take your word for it.
All right, hey, this is a follow-up to something we talked about a couple weeks ago, and it
has to do with the Overwatch League.
The Overwatch League is kind of between ... I don't know, I call it seasons right now, but
it's not like a whole new year.
I don't know what you describe it.
I guess they're saying stage, so there's stage one and stage two.
So the Overwatch League is on a little break for a couple weeks, and then they're going
to come back with some more watches.
Well, during these breaks, the teams in the league have a chance to draft some new players,
and the Overwatch League did draft Kim Guiguri Se-yeon as part of a four-player edition,
and that's the Shanghai Dragons that drafted her to their team.
So it is official the Overwatch League now does have one out of its 100-plus players
is a woman.
So, okay, I mean, I know we talked about this a few weeks ago.
It's a start.
Thanks for the token.
Yeah, it's a start.
And I said when they do that, I would applaud it.
So I will applaud the Shanghai Dragons for taking this move.
I'm doing orchestra applause, snap, snap, snap.
It's a start.
But you know, and I actually got into a Twitter dialogue with somebody on this because I wrote
a tweet about it, which got picked up in the moments thing on Twitter.
So I started getting some random replies on this stuff.
And usually I try not to engage trolls, but I kind of felt like this response was mature
enough where I could engage in a dialogue.
So I went in a little bit of a back and forth with somebody.
And this person kind of got to a point where it's like, well, how many would make you happy?
Half?
30%?
I'm like, it's not about a target number.
But the reality is, is that when one out of hundreds is female, are you saying that 1%
of the people that play Overwatch is female?
Is that an accurate representation?
You know what I mean?
So just, I'm not saying they have to be like a target number, but as I said the first time
we did this, it should be at least like 10%.
Is that asking too much when half the population of the planet is female?
It should be 50%.
But at what level though are the female players?
And it goes with male players too.
What percentages of those are playing at that tournament level?
That's what I want to know.
Because you may have half the bases playing that, but maybe they're playing more casually
than other people.
And that could be male or female.
I don't even play competitively.
Here's my little point.
I understand that the first thing people come back with is that, well, I only want the people
that are the most talented and to do this and this.
Who's being given that opportunity though?
That's the question we really have to challenge ourselves with is, well, if we don't have
women playing at that entry level that leads into the Overwatch League, then I think the
real question we need to be asking ourselves is, why?
Why aren't there more women in the entry level when we know there's more women playing the
game?
Anyway, I don't want to repeat myself too much from a couple of weeks ago.
I do want to try to leave this on a net positive because, okay, yes, it's progress.
Sure, I'd like to see progress happen overnight, but you know what?
And Jamie, I think about something we saw today.
We were at the movie theater and there was a poster for some movie coming out and it
said something like, love isn't always a straight path or something like that.
I don't remember what the term on it was, but remember I turned to you and I said, look
at that.
I pointed at the poster.
I said, look at that.
A 17 year old me would have never thought something like that would ever be in a movie
theater in Sacramento and here we are.
So I can be critical, but at the same time be a bit of a realist and say, okay, this
is a good step in the right direction.
I hope we get there a little faster than 20 years, especially if we want esports to be
taken seriously by everybody.
But this is a good start and I do think that should be acknowledged.
I just hope, you know, we get there in a few years where you don't notice that there's
way less women than men because it accurately reflects who's playing the game.
Or we get to the same thing with other minority groups too.
I'm spotlighting the women and men thing, but you know, we're, we're challenged in all
these areas.
What I would like to get to a point is where the, where the heart and minds of people have
changed to the point that it won't matter if there's an inequality in something because
it is truly based on merit, if that makes sense, where it won't matter, but right now
we need the representation because it's not, I mean, that's where we're getting all these
angry, you know, straight white boys from, you know, is that the, and I'm going to use
the word patriarchy, is being threatened.
The status quo, their privilege is being threatened and it needs to get to the point where they
need to just accept this is the world.
And when we get to that point of acceptance, none of this representation is going to be
necessary because our hearts will already be in the right place.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
And throughout this whole dialogue, I've never said, fire the white dudes.
I want Overwatch League to be successful.
And if it's successful, guess what that means?
More teams, more space for diverse and more addition and more, you know, representation,
all that stuff.
So I didn't, you don't have to fire the dudes that are already there to make this happen
except maybe the dudes that talk a little mouthy on their Twitch, but those are exceptions
to the rule.
Many of the people in the Overwatch League are fabulous and you know, there's nothing,
you know, nothing negative to say.
But anyway, long story short, I am officially a Shanghai Dragons fan.
Woo hoo.
You know what?
I don't care that they didn't win a match because you know, their record is like zero.
It's like no wins and all losses.
And this is part of the reason why they're shifting their roster around a little bit.
But you know what?
If I live in the town of the Sacramento Kings, I'm used to cheering for the losing team.
So I am now officially a Shanghai Dragons fan.
Go dragons.
All right.
Jamie, any interest in watching a Shanghai Dragons match at some point?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Yeah, it might be fine.
I don't know.
Keep in mind how, how motion sick I get on Overwatch.
Well, the good news is when you're watching the league, they're changing things so fast
that you're looking at like overhead maps, you're looking at the arena, like you don't,
I don't think you have enough time to really be immersed in the first person stuff.
So anyhow.
I felt so sick playing Overwatch.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
DarkTetsuya with a great comment and I think we'll close on this and we'll move on to some
other Overwatch stuff.
DarkTetsuya says, I mean, look at the cast of characters in Overwatch anyway.
I'd hope that the pro leagues would reflect that as well.
Yeah.
Blizzard, Blizzard, like the best part of Overwatch is the characters.
And like, it's not, and the thing is, it's not just that they are diverse.
It's that they are diverse with awesome fucking stories.
Like there's like all the characters are awesome in Overwatch.
Everybody has written a fanfic of all of those characters having sex.
That's how beloved those characters are probably animated, drawn and performed in some circles.
I just, some anime convention.
I just wish that there were more punitive steps that could be taken against, you know,
these really toxic little boys because I can't think of them as men cause they're just toxic
little boys who have to shit on a girl who's playing better than them, right?
Or make it hard for women to go in because it's their little boys club.
Fuck your boys club.
Fuck you.
Your tongue should be cut out.
SS here, when her mat and chat says, I know plenty of women who play Overwatch to get
heckled in competitive mode by immature shits.
That that is the problem at the lowest level cause they're the lowest type of people.
No, no, it's not that.
That is the most entry level problem that has to be solved to fix what's happening here
at the top.
The answer to where are all the other women that are awesome at Overwatch?
The answer to that question starts with addressing that comment.
And that's what this all boils down to.
Anyway.
That's what, well that was actually what spawned my phrase about needing more punitive measures
just cause they're not going to learn on their own.
And clearly their parents didn't teach them how to respect women or else they wouldn't
be, you know, little shits like this.
They need to be held accountable.
There needs to be at least a way that you can block a channel from somebody or something
like that.
Cause I mean, that's half the reason why I don't play in group chats.
I play on my own and rely on, on text chat in, in game.
Because if it's not my friends, I don't trust what they're going to say.
And I honestly don't give a shit.
Backdeft in chat says, what if I want to beat that woman in the game, but because I want
to be better in the game?
Great.
You know, but there's, you'll have to talk down to her.
Yeah.
There's a difference between that.
That's the difference between sportsman like conduct and unsportsmanlike conduct.
Here's an example that I can think of to kind of relate this to things that I do on a regular
basis.
Ingress, right?
I play that a lot.
My frenemy here in the neighborhood is, you know, that plays on the other team is a woman,
you know?
I have no problem tearing down her fields and breaking her shit just before checkpoint
to, you know, make the score hurt or whatever, or make sure that, you know, her team's color
isn't over my house and stuff like that, because that at the end of the day is the game.
But I respect that she's playing the game and I don't send her nasty messages like,
you know, stupid lady, get back in the kitchen and all this.
I don't, I don't, I don't talk to her like that.
You know, that's, that's unsportsmanlike.
Whereas sportsmanlike is a little more like, you know, close but no cigar, you know, type
of things like, you know, or, you know, sometimes she gets a field off because I'm not paying
attention and, you know, oh, good job if you weren't in the kitchen, we're out here blocking
your.
Yeah.
Good job.
Wrong color.
LOL.
You know, it's, it's, well, it just makes me think of, and I had to go look up the name
of it again.
In the Olympics, you know, they have the Pierre de Colbertin medal, you know, that is right.
Like the, the Miss Congeniality medal.
Not quite.
It's for good sportsmanship.
So like, for one example,
Yay fan favorite.
Well, here's an example that like in 1964, there was a team whose bobsled missed a bolt.
So after they had their run, this other team loaned a bolt to their bobsled and the other
team won.
But, and he flat out said they didn't win because they gave them the bolt, they won
because they were faster, but that team still won, though that, that, the leader of that
team still won the, the de Colbertin award.
So you know, and it's the same thing.
We should be lifting each other up.
We should be encouraging each other and, and being a team and it makes the whole game more
fun.
And I'm not saying don't talk a little smack in the game, you know, like, Oh, I got you
now, you know, but don't be a shit.
Just don't be a shit.
Yeah.
And recognize when you're crossing the line.
You know what I mean?
Anyway.
Okay.
We've talked.
I ended this segment like three times already.
We are really moving on to the next story, but it is also about Overwatch kinda, right,
Jamie?
Yeah.
So this is about a fan project that has made some adjustments to Overwatch.
So basically, they've turned Overwatch into a fighting game and, I mean, complete with,
with finishers and all kinds of things like that.
It was, I'm trying to see who did it.
Hold on just a second.
It looks like it, TGN.
They looks like they made a video of Overwatch as a fighting game.
And so it's, it's pretty neat.
I mean, honestly, if Overwatch was a fighting game, I'd play it, but yeah, it's this Overwatch
fighter and I'll send the link into the chat.
It's on YouTube, but just look up.
What if Overwatch was a fighter?
It's pretty fun.
And that's it really.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys that we're going to open up the Skype line at orange
lounge radio, all one word on Skype, but first Loki, you know what the Sims was missing
drugs.
No, it's not.
You can mod it in exactly my point.
You can mod it in.
Thank you.
I don't think I like Jamie's comment.
Got on the mic.
I don't know.
But I said, yeah, you can mod it in.
There's all sorts of stuff already modded into the Sims.
Yes.
And one of those mods is a mod by the name of base mental.
And it's a drug theme on for Sims four.
You can do different drugs, including cocaine, MDMA, amphetamines, and weed.
And you can also buy and sell and use different drugs.
And they have like even a drug dealer that's in your neighborhood that's at ABC.
And then of course, if you also are using another mod by a modern name, wicked whims,
which is a comprehensive sex mod for Sims four, you can exchange sex for drugs.
Suddenly the Sims became a lot more interesting suddenly, but this guy, the guy that actually
makes this, um, he has a Patreon and he's actually being funded almost a $6,000 a month
to work on this.
So people are interested in maybe I need to reconsider my thoughts on Patreon because
clearly I'm missing it.
I clearly, um, they had mods like this even in the first Sims, I actually still have some
mods and Sims do.
They came with their own animations.
Remember the Sims online, everybody?
I have to say based on the screenshots that I'm seeing here, that sex mod is quite comprehensive
in an almost disturbing faction.
Um, yeah, I think physic, what?
I don't even know what I'm seeing here.
This is just weird.
Okay.
Anyways, I don't know for that, but yes, the Sims four, it's a silly place.
It is a silly place.
It is a silly place.
Let's not go back there.
All right.
It's only a model.
All right.
Uh, and lastly, but certainly not leastly tonight, uh, valve has actually banned a developer
off of steam.
And why did they do it?
Because of, uh, essentially forced reviews that were, you know, you could view this as
fake, uh, in cell games was the name of the developer.
They are from Malta, uh, developing various online multiplayer titles.
Uh, they had been banned from steam.
This story comes from a Redditor, uh, who posted a leaked email, uh, from in cell game
CEO, encouraging employees to buy copies of the reimbursed wild Buster.
I think it was the game, uh, to leave a steam review.
And the email said in part quote, of course I cannot force you to write a review, let
alone tell you what to write, but I should not have to neglecting the importance of reviews
will ultimately cost jobs.
If this game fails in cell fails, and then we will all have no jobs next year.
Get what you reap what you sow.
So, well, I feel bad for all the other employees who aren't the CEO because now they're fucked
and it's their CEO, you know, was a dumb fuck.
But anyway, um, valve said it investigated the claims that were put on Reddit and identified
unacceptable behavior involving multiple steam accounts controlled by the publisher of the
game.
The publisher appears to have used multiple steam accounts to post positive reviews to
their own games.
This is a clear violation of our review policy and something we take very seriously, obviously
in cell games is not like this huge, you know, developer, but, uh, you know, it still is
certainly a precedent of sorts and hopefully other companies won't make the same mistake
in cell games did release a statement, uh, talking about this, uh, saying at the day
of launch in December, an email was sent to everyone in the company telling staff about
20 people, including freelancers, how important reviews are in the steam ecosystem.
It was meant to rally support.
It was never intended to threaten anyone, but just state the importance of reviews for
the whole company.
No staff has received penalties for not buying the game.
We apologize for the misleading wording, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm skipping ahead here.
Um, we hope to regain the trust of players and are in further discussion with steam about
the incident until then current steam owners or those in possession of a steam key can
continue to play normally, but it's just no longer available on the store.
What do you guys think about that?
Is that a good thing that valve smack that down or is just kind of one of those, it really
doesn't matter anyway.
Yes.
It is a good thing that they smacked it down.
I don't care what their excuses so, and it's, it is one of those things where it's like,
if it's obvious how important the reviews are, then you don't really need to say anything
at all.
Right.
Or, you know, don't go leaving all these fakie fake reviews.
So I said you reap what you sow.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we're going to open up the Skype line, orange lounge radio, all one word on
Skype.
If you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe
something else is on your mind, the Skype line is open now while we wait for a call.
I'm going to check in to see if there's any last minute stories.
Um, I don't really have anything too much.
I mean, I've, there's a new Barbie doll that's based off tomb Raider.
Okay.
That's kind of interesting.
Probably for the movie.
Yeah.
So tomb Raider Barbie is going to be 30 bucks.
Um, actually you can preorder now and yeah, she's not having a terrible day just yet,
but if in the wrong hands, she might, she could.
Yeah.
Right.
We got a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
I want everyone gather around, gather around, have a drink, have a shot.
Cause it's Ron, man.
You know it.
I've already had a few drinks, but it's always a pleasure to talk to you.
Rama.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
I just finished making dinner in my amazing instant pie.
I love that little thing.
Sounds delish.
I can't wait for dinner around here, but we got to get through this show first.
What's on your mind tonight?
All right.
I want to talk about crowd funding, Patreon, all of that.
Now I've already called in about this a couple of months ago.
Y'all know how I feel about this.
And lately people have been coming to me for advice on podcasting, streaming, and so forth.
And the main piece of advice I tell people is unless you have major financial backing
behind you, just do it for the fun of it.
Just roll with it.
You'll have one listener, one streamer.
You can have tens, hundreds of streamers.
It's going to fluctuate up and down.
As long as you get out there, roll with it, have fun with it, it's going to be okay.
And then it goes to what about all the equipment that you get?
And I say, I pay out of pocket for it because this is something I want to do.
This is something that's fun.
And then it goes to what about putting yourself out there for sponsorship and stuff.
And I'm like, truthfully, most people are not going to pay to hear me foam at the mouth
about what's wrong with the cosplay and anime communities and the fandom in a whole.
You're right.
You have to have an angle.
You got to think about, and I say this a lot to people that are, I don't want to discourage
anyone from podcasting, but people that want to be successful with a podcast, think of
what is that quick 30-second elevator pitch about your show?
Can you condense that into one tagline like they do with a movie?
What's the tagline to kind of sell your show?
That's one big thing I really stress people to do with their show.
And don't, and here's my, the truth hurts, but a real friend's going to tell you this.
If your podcast tagline is, just some friends sitting around talking shit about games, cancel
your podcast immediately.
Well, I will say that there are probably a couple of people who are running with that
tagline and probably because how they're doing their show, they can get away with it.
But just because they're doing it, that doesn't mean you have to.
And also just because there are a bunch of people talking about this particular fandom
or this or that, that's not stopping you.
You can go ahead and talk about it.
Yes, there are multiple podcasts out there about anime, cosplay, whatever, but we talk
about it from a different point of view.
We're local to a particular area, so how we talk and discuss how things are could be
different from a bunch of fans doing it from California.
We have sort of like a sister podcast called Zero Hour, similar to us, but they're based
out of California.
Their experiences are different from ours and we're out of New York.
And they don't do the Patreon, they pay out of pocket like we do.
Now they have this thing called Ko-Fi, you know, if you like us, buy us a cup of coffee.
That I can get with.
You don't have to make promises or anything like that.
It's a tip jar.
You like us, buy us a cup of coffee.
I kind of like that, you know, because that's similar to the Twitch model.
Show me your biddies.
If you like, you know, me playing the game, show me, show me your biddies.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Oh, and the only thing and the thing I want to, you know, make sure I'm clarified with
my statement, because I would never tell anyone not to podcast.
But the reason why I say if your tagline is four people talking shit about video games
or whatever it is and why just don't fucking do that show is because in part of what you
said is that there's already a bunch of shows that are doing that angle.
But at the same time, like if your podcast is a fan podcast, then sitting around talking
shit is does not make you that great of a fan.
There's a difference between being critical and talking shit.
That's why I don't give the podcast critical myth any blowback, because there's nothing
wrong with taking a critical eye to fan them.
But that's very, very different than talking shit.
Does that make sense?
Exactly.
Yeah.
So if that's I mean, that that's why I think a tagline like sitting around talking shit
is kind of a lazy tagline.
And then the other one that I'm just again, honest truth.
It's like the view, but with gay guys don't don't be only because that one isn't so bad
in the fact of like, wait, but it's just that that that's like every show with several gay
co if it's the view with gay guy.
No, I'm going to need some.
I'm going to need a more specific answer.
See that.
I'm sorry.
What was that wrong?
You got cut out there?
Sorry.
That reminds me of a question.
Yeah.
I need to know is shaking and crying the spiritual successor to guys on the show?
No it is not.
OK.
It is not that.
No, because guys on the show is on hiatus.
It is not over.
And you know, just Extfer and Victoria are two different people.
And I've just really tried to kind of give the show sort of a different flow to it.
I think it kind of feels like a successor because, oh, it's Rob's non gaming show.
But there's room for both in the world if it ever works out that Extfer and I can do
a show again.
Fair enough, because I'm looking forward to that, too.
And then Bobby, Bobby's disagreeing with me in chat saying, no, Rob, I was told that negativity
is funny.
People who are positive are boring.
You have to be negative to be entertaining and funny.
I got this lecture last year.
And then and why everyone loves Loki rants.
They're funny.
OK.
But and I'm almost positive I said this to you then.
The thing with the Loki rants is, again, I go back to my Tyra Banks top model things.
Do you like Nintendo games, Loki?
Sure.
See, that's the difference there is that, you know, at the end of the day, Loki gets
frustrated because he sees Nintendo is like should be kind of grabbing on all the latest
and greatest technologies.
And I see all these other companies do these things.
And why not?
And that's kind of different than like I fucking hate Nintendo and Nintendo.
Everybody there is, you know, sucking 20 dicks and like all this stupid stuff.
Well, that would explain why they're too busy to get networking working.
Some people do like sucking that much dick.
I'm just saying.
But anyway, that's that's the difference.
And I, I realize there's other people out there saying something different.
I disagree.
And those negative shows are things I don't want to watch.
And I don't watch that YouTube channel you cited.
But you know, what do I know?
I've had this podcast for 15 years and we don't have squatty potty advertisements.
So maybe I've got it all wrong.
But I like to think at the end of the day, I'm doing a good thing.
Well, I think you do because it was for your show.
I wouldn't have my podcast and I wouldn't have like two other spin off shows I've been
working on.
One of the podcasts we do, we talk about, yeah, we kind of go into a negative aspect
because we feel our opinions or whatever it is, no one hears it.
So we just go out there is like, well, if 85 percent of people say this is great and
we're at 50 percent says, no, this is trash, we're going to tell you why.
It's like, OK, now you're going to kind of listen and be like, OK, here you go.
Yeah.
And to be fair, Bobby points out in chat.
I was setting you up.
This is the set up.
And then Rob hits it over the net.
You did tell me this in person that, Bobby, I'm three drinks in.
I'm a little slow tonight, sorry.
But thank you for the set up anyway.
And I agree with that Akuma JP is saying, I think you say it very succinctly here.
If you do it just because negative, then no.
And that and that's the difference.
If you're doing a show to be negative, no, don't do it.
Or do a show about something you do like.
That's all.
Anyway.
Good times with soap boxes, Rama.
Well, I try.
All right.
I'm going to let you go so we try to squeeze in some more calls.
But take care.
And of course, support indie radio such as anime jam session Tuesday nights here at Vogue.
That's right.
All right.
Take care.
Remember, pre shows 915.
We go live at 930.
OK.
Fair enough.
Take care, my friend.
Take care, bro.
Bye bye.
Phones are lighting up tonight.
Let's get to it.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
It's Kajuno.
You can hear me?
Yeah.
We can hear you.
Long time.
What's up, Kajuno?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'm using this little microphone, so I'm sure you can hear me.
Yeah.
I just wanted to point something out real quickly, and then I'll let you guys get to
some more calls.
You mentioned that Nintendo is looking for a Wii Sports for VR.
And I just want to tell you, Wreck Room is like the Wii Sports for VR.
That thing is so much fun.
It's a free game.
So maybe that's why people aren't really taking that much notice to it.
But I mean, this thing is fun.
You're playing laser tag in there, you're playing paintball, they have a room for charades,
which is freaking hilarious.
When you play charades, you're actually using, I don't know what you would call this, this
type of gun that you have that squirts out this foam.
So you're drawing things in the third dimension, which is really hilarious.
And the only game I would say that doesn't work in it is that they have some type of
soccer game that, I don't know what the hell I'm doing in that game, but they have dodgeball.
They also have some little RPG stuff you can go through in there, where they have a thing
where it's like a four-man RP group, and you're going through this room, and somebody has
a sword, somebody has a bow and arrow, and you're fighting these monsters.
They have a pirate ship thing coming up, where it's going to have a pirate theme.
I mean, they're just knocking out the park with this game, I mean, there's so much in
this game.
A lot.
It's a community game, so it's social, everyone's talking, everyone's having fun.
I appreciate what you're doing here with the recommendation, and it does sound like it's
an awesome game, but to go back with the whole thing about why I brought up Wii Sports in
particular, it's not quite that literal, where it's the collection of mini games and so forth.
It's more that the Wii Sports was the app, it was the thing that really showed off why
you would swing around and flail in your own home, and why you needed specifically the
Wii, and not PlayStation 3 and not Xbox 360.
You needed a Wii, because that was the only way you were going to actually swing that
tennis racket into your hand, and so many people who bought the Wii, they weren't buying
the Wii as much as they were buying Wii Sports.
In a very similar way, in some ways, that many people who bought the Switch weren't
just buying the Switch, they were buying Breath of the Wild.
And I completely understand that Breath of the Wild was also on Wii U, but for so many
people that skipped the Wii U and kind of never really understood that it was separate
from the Wii and all that stuff, Breath of the Wild was really a breath of fresh air
in many ways for Zelda fans, and the fact that you could do it portable and everything,
that's what people were buying.
So what VR needs, is it needs whatever it is.
Yeah, I didn't mean to cut you off, but I do have another point to make there.
But yeah, I totally get what you're saying about why it's not necessarily the sports
aspect of the game that brought people into it, it's just that it kind of demonstrated
like all the things you can do on the Wii, and that's exactly what Rec Room does.
Like it's not so much that it's comparison with the Wii Sports because they have sports
games in it, it's just that it kind of demos all the possibilities you can have in VR,
the social, being in a room where like, I guess I think it's like maybe 10 people can
fit in a room.
So it's like 10 of you inside of Rec Room, they also have like a private room that you
can create your own room, they have some type of new logic system that they just created
where it's kind of like a take on the Labo thing from Nintendo, where you can make things
within the world now and just kind of make your own little mini games and little robots
and crap.
And I mean, it's just so much, like I said, it kind of just demonstrates every possible
thing you can do in VR and you just have a good old time with it, so I still think it
is that app that everyone's looking for to make them buy VR.
Only thing is, you know, if somebody's like a graphic junkie, you know, they may run away
from it because it's not the prettiest game in the world, but if you can overlook that,
I mean, you're in for a treat because this one is the best game I ever played.
Alright, so fair enough, maybe it's not the mascot game now, but maybe people should give
it another look and it should be.
I can respect that angle.
Yeah, definitely good.
Alright.
So I'll let you get to some calls, and great show as always.
Thank you.
Alright, I'm trying to cut myself off for the evening just in case I need to go out
later.
I'm cut off for now.
So thank you, my friend.
Take care.
Alright.
Bye.
Alright.
Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call.
I saw some other calls trying to get in, so go ahead and try to give us a call.
There it is, lighting up again.
Some weeks I'm begging for phone calls, some weeks it's ringing off the hook.
Excuse me.
Hello.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft.
What's up, buddy?
Well, I wanted to call last week, but I couldn't, it was kind of late.
And I forgot to make an email about this, but about the evil lineup that was announced
last week.
Oh yeah, we got to that in rapid fire news, and there was a lot of people, well I don't
know about a lot, but certainly people noticed that Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite was not there.
Yeah, but that was kind of expected, because the game isn't doing that great, even the
community isn't playing that much, and the competition for that is kind of dead.
But I don't want to talk about, necessarily, Marvel, but the Smash Bros. in L.A.
Oh, okay.
What's on your mind?
That game needs to die.
Like seriously, needs to die.
So you're not a fan of the game still showing up, even though we're now on what Smash Bros.
for 3DS and Wii U, and probably, honestly, there's a real good chance at E3 this year,
we're going to see something about Smash Bros. on the Switch, and they'll still be playing
it on the GameCube.
Yeah, I don't know, I moved on from L.A. like really, really long time ago, especially because
the Smash for Wii U and 3DS, it's like really good, it's like the best Smash up to date.
But the thing with Smash Melee is, I don't know how the competitive scenes managed to
keep even growing, because it has grown in the last few years, and managed to get that
tons of views, even despite the game getting really boring, really stale, because you see
the same characters, basically, aside from someone like Hungrybox, or other people like,
I'm trying to remember someone, but someone that uses Ice Climbers, or even Armada that
switches from Fox to Peach.
I think the fact that Twitch is around now, and it wasn't around when the GameCube was
first out, like maybe that is kind of lending itself to why what's old is new again, in
a way, but who knows how long that wave's going to last.
But you know, at Def, there's many people that just suspect that whatever we're going
to get on the Switch is just going to be the Wii U Smash Bros. with some tweaks, but what
if the joke is, at Def, that it's Super Smash Bros. Melee for Switch?
Shut up.
That's okay, they'll never do backwards compatibility.
Thank god for that.
I love when the listeners tell me to shut up.
Oh, Rob.
Well then what's the point of me talking?
No, but that would be, I'm sorry, I can't help myself, I can't help myself.
But seriously, even with Twitch, or without it, you see in the local competitive scenes
in many places that Melee is the one that pretty much has the people.
And again, despite the game getting really boring, seriously, if you have paid attention
to the latest or the last few tournaments, like really big tournaments, for that game,
it's like almost every single people uses the same character, which is Fox, because
it is obviously the best character because it's really broken.
But that makes the game really boring to see through Watch, which is kind of what happened
to Marvel vs. Capcom 3, because the game was also getting really boring.
And last year even, the game wasn't even supposed to be on Evo, but because of donations
and something, they did the donations thing for like nine games, and the one who, or the
community who donated the most, had their game on Evo.
And only because of that, because even like, it was close to losing to Pokken last year,
like $1,000 short.
But with Melee, the only thing that justifies it is because it gets the views.
Even more than Street Fighter V, which is the main tournament at Evo, it gets more viewers.
And again, I don't know why, I even pretty much promised myself that I wouldn't watch
the Melee tournament, even the top eight, because I really don't want to support that
game anymore.
I want to, for the community as a whole, the Smash Bros. community, not Melee, not Smash
War, Brawl, whatever, I want the community as a whole to grow.
And that's the thing, Smash War is getting stale too, because many people are dropping
it or are moving to other stuff.
So I would rather for the people to, for the community to, okay, let's move to this game,
which is the most recent, and just wait for Nintendo to announce the Switch one.
So that's probably going to come, at least an announcement this year, like you said.
But again, I really want this year to be the last one I see Melee on Evo's roster, because
it really, really needs to die.
At the end of the day, Akdeft, at the end of the day, honestly, some things just can't
be explained, and it may also be part of that same phenomenon as to, why did we bring back
Will and Grace, and The X-Files, and Roseanne, and all these shows of the 90s are all of
a sudden coming back.
And some are just as good as they were, like Twin Peaks I thought was just as good as it
ever was.
Some are not quite as good as they were, you know what I mean?
Maybe it's something to do when it comes to Melee about, this is the game I grew up on,
this is my comfort zone, and I don't like new, I don't like change.
And so maybe some people just have a hard time letting that go.
And I know that, because it's Nintendo, and they also pretty much use nostalgia for it.
And again, while I get mad at a Melee HD remake, I wouldn't be surprised if Nintendo does something
like that.
I wouldn't mind it either, if they actually balanced it, and make it actually better.
But if they make the same game, if it stays the same, why bother?
Like really, why bother?
Well maybe there's some, and S2100Matt in chat says, let's see if ACT gets hate mail
in the mailbag.
Let's see, let's see.
If you are still a fond fan of Melee, tell us about why this game still deserves its
time in the spotlight.
Send us an email, we'd love to read it on air.
So we'll act deaf for now, I'm gonna let you go, but I appreciate your passionate opinions.
Hey, thanks for having me, like always.
Thank you, take care buddy.
Kaijuto in chat says, it's not official 90s until they bring back Martin.
I heard they were.
I heard Martin was coming back.
Wasn't that supposed to be like a thing?
I haven't heard that.
I thought for sure I heard somewhere that Martin-
I know, I'm sure as hell not watching Roseanne.
Yeah, Roseanne kind of-
Unfortunately-
Although God and Jackie was so good in that movie.
I'm gonna have to watch it because my wife adores Roseanne and so, you know.
Yeah, but she knows Roseanne's gone a little, you know, cuckoo in the past few years, right?
No.
Having her as a dump supporter.
So it's just, yeah, anyway.
Yeah, Ramas in chat says it is coming back.
That's when I thought I heard that Martin was coming back, can you believe that?
Now I say it isn't the 90s until In Living Color comes back.
I was just gonna say, why don't we bring back In Living Color?
If you want to talk about the definitive Fox television program-
That shit was awesome.
From the 90s, it was In Living Color.
But then would it be all this, oh my God, can you imagine if they could get like Jim
Carrey and all the Wayans family and like all of them back?
Not so much Jim Carrey, but like what the hell are the Wayans doing?
Why not get Jim Carrey?
Like if it is a super limited like four episode, six episode thing, why the fuck not get Jim
Carrey?
He's like, he's eccentric now and just like, I don't think, yeah.
He could do like, he could do like one sketch.
I would love to see that, but-
We just need him to bring back Vera.
Have him do Fire Marshal, Bill, or Vera like one time and that's all you need.
Like and then they put his name on it and at least he's a part of it.
But like they couldn't do like half the sketches that they did before because they're so like
quote unquote offensive nowadays, like handy man.
I would still laugh at men on film.
That shit was funny.
I'm sorry.
I would still laugh.
But you're right, like humor has changed a bit.
So they might have to write the show a different way, but I bet it would still be funny.
I don't know.
Maybe not.
Maybe some things are best left in the past.
Bring back mad TV while we're at it, I guess.
Oh, Kaishudo in chat says Wayans brothers were pushed out.
I'm sure they can't bring it back cause someone else owns it.
That's right.
Cause what wasn't like the last season of In Living Color was like kind of a shadow
of its former self.
Like didn't it kind of, I don't know.
Yeah.
I think there were some problems towards the end, but most of us don't remember that cause
we stopped watching In Living Color after like four, four years or so.
So uh, Tiger Claw in chat says Jamie Foxx as Wanda.
Remember those skits?
Oh yeah.
I'm gonna rock your world.
Uh, and Homie the Clown, Hamon, God, that was some classic television.
Of course.
I also have a lot of love for Saturday Night Live, you know, especially in those same years
were like, like, you know, Dana Carvey, Mike Myers, like all those, you know, 1994 era.
Oh yeah.
Phil Hartman, rest in peace.
Like, you know, just some of the most amazing performers.
So the nineties were a great time for comedy, but, but who knows, maybe there's a caller
into some comedy podcasts out there that's like, get over the nineties comedy.
It wasn't that funny.
Who knows?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Uh, I'll put out one more shout out for the call in line, Orange Lounge Radio, all one
word on Skype.
If you want to call in and say hello to us.
Uh, JD in chat says, I remember Full House, but that's already come back.
Yeah.
God, they're on like fourth or fifth season of that Fuller House.
Netflix sure changed the game, didn't it?
Still don't know if I want to watch it.
It's Fuller House.
Just cause Candace Cameron.
If you could just kind of like, you know, like realize she's already been paid for it
and it's, it's not going to change anything.
It's one of those things where it's like, if you know exactly what you're signing up
to watch and that is a cheesy fucking TGIF comedy, cause those shows were so stupid.
They were.
But like they were so stupid, they were funny.
And that's exactly what like Fuller House is, is it kind of maintains that same level
of comedy.
So um, now the, the one Netflix show I hear is really good that I had no interest in watching
because I was like, why do you reboot this show?
But apparently one day at a time, everybody tells me is amazing on Netflix.
Oh, huh.
I didn't even know they did.
They were doing that one.
Yeah, they did.
Except they reimagined it as a, I believe it's an all Latino family this time.
Huh?
So, um, but yeah, and that was a show that was on like, I remember it on like Nickelodeon
at night because, or, or one of those like maybe syndicated on channel 58 or one of those
networks before they were the WB and that stuff like during the day because like those
shows were on like the early seventies.
Right.
One day at a time.
Huh.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now that original one was like on in 1975 and it had, um, Valerie Bertinelli in it.
That's right.
It was a Valerie Bertinelli show.
Yeah.
Cause then Valerie Bertinelli went on to do Valerie's family, right?
She got her own show with Valerie's family.
And then there was like a fight between her and the producers and they fucking killed
her character.
Mackenzie Phillips.
And renamed the show, the Hogan family.
I remember.
Yeah.
It was Sandy Duncan.
And then the show kind of really took off.
Most people remember that show as the Hogan family, not as Valerie's family.
But I had forgotten that Mackenzie Phillips was also in it too.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
One day at a time.
Wasn't that a, uh, what's his name?
Bonnie Franklin was the mom and she's dead.
That ultra famous producer of all those fucking shows like, uh, uh, uh, oh my God.
Those were the days.
All in the family.
All in the family.
Done by, uh, crap.
I just had Norman Lear.
Norman Lear.
Thank God.
I'm like, you're killing me Smalls.
No, I couldn't remember either.
Norman Lear did one day at a time, right?
Yeah.
I think he's doing this new one too.
Oh, interesting.
Because I think he was on another podcast promoting it and that's how I heard that it
was happening.
Yeah.
But one thing I've always liked about Norman Lear shows is that he tackled massive social
issues and was really progressive.
But you want to talk about something, Loki, that would be really offensive by today's
terms.
Go back and look at all in the family.
Yes.
Holy shit.
Like, but that-
But a lot of the show was challenging Archie's, you know, uh, prejudices.
Yeah.
Yeah.
With, without all in the family, we wouldn't have had Maude.
Yeah.
Well, Bea Arthur is a, well, I know she's literally a goddess now ascended to the heavens.
I hope Bea Arthur is watching over us now.
And I'm sorry, I'm on my wine break.
All right.
We know what movie that's from, right?
History of the World.
Oh, of course.
Of course.
Cause she played the unemployment lady.
I'm trying to remember if it was that or one of the other Mel Brooks movies.
I'm three glasses in.
It's all a blur.
All right.
Anyway, nobody else is calling in on Skype, so I think that's going to wrap it up for
all of us here at Orange Lounge Radio, uh, tonight.
But we, of course, we can't end the show until we get everybody's final thoughts.
So we're going to go around the room and get the final thoughts.
Of course, I'm going to say to you guys, as I do every week, thank you so much for tuning
in and getting through this episode of Orange Lounge Radio, which was full of wine and tangents.
And uh-
I didn't have a lot of wine myself.
Well, I sure did.
Uh, but I want to thank you guys, of course, for tuning in and listening and supporting
the show.
You know, as we ask here at Orange Lounge Radio every week, if you enjoyed the show,
please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only
if the voices are here to air.
So please tell the friend about the show.
You can also leave a five-star review on a place like iTunes or Google Play Podcast.
Those reviews help a lot, let me tell you, so podcasts really value that stuff.
I think that's all I can think of, so let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
I'll start tonight.
My final thought is, I didn't mention during my gaming week that I was still playing Pokemon
Red or no, I'm sorry, Pokemon Yellow.
And I'm going to play some more Pokemon Yellow, I think, because I'm going to get those Pokemon
in the Pokemon bank for hopefully Gen 8 so I can play Gen 8 with Gen 1 Pokemon because
that's me.
Uh, Dark Soccer, your final thought?
If I'm not super exhausted after work, I plan on streaming, so, um, it's, uh, I think my
channel is DarkSakura underscore O-L-R, so I think you're right.
So just hang out or something and subscribe, please.
Awesome.
Because I said so.
And last but certainly not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I should probably stream something someday.
I have so many things I could stream.
Why don't you point a camera at your cabinet?
Um, because I don't really have a camera that I can point at the cabinet.
I have my old USB.
I have like, I have like an old like, um, Sony Handycam that does HD, but like, I don't
know about getting that to like actual video and who would want to watch me play?
It's the lighting's not good because I only have one light, one fluorescent light in there
and no one wants to see me out of shape trying to play, you know, standard difficulty songs.
No one wants to watch that.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat.
I'm hearing excuses.
Me too.
No, I meant like a non like DDR, you know, like I, like I could play like you could stream
yourself programming a game.
That's also not real fun to watch right now, but yes.
I could do that.
Like if I was actually talented, I could do that.
Yes.
You are talented.
Everybody's talented in their own way.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it for another night here at orange lounge radio.
Thank you guys so much for listening to the show.
I appreciate it and we will see you in seven days to do it all over again.
Sound good.
Awesome.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
