That is your breakfast and eat hearty, but tonight we dine in hell!
Tonight October 26 2008, E3 as we remember it is coming back
has playstation home been hacked and zombies are invading some of our favorite games
orange lounge radio
and it's episode number 300 here in studio can you believe it
and there's just a crap ton of people here in house it's amazing i think the neighbors
are gonna call thinking that that we're getting broken into or raped or something excuse me
officer officer i think there's an orgy going on next door no we are gonna break it up and
mississippi we have a no on eight sign in front of their house it's a gay orgy going on in our
neighborhood hi uh rob orange launcher what i'm sorry that was the most gay i've ever heard you
sound ever not me where have you been believe it or not we're a podcast dedicated to video games
video gaming uh gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle and it is just madness tonight here
on orange lounge radio in the studio my name is rob roberts and joining me as always say hello
to the one and only dark sakura jamie summers woo how you doing woo woo and uh also say hello to
what say hello to sack boy loki hello yes now if i'm sorry the visuals for this are just too much
if you're watching tonight on justin tv uh loki is actually wearing a ginormous sack boy costume
that's right he's finally dressed up for the listeners we're very excited unfortunately it's
not tingle but he is wearing a sack boy costume so if he sounds a little muffled that's because
the microphone is like inside the sack boy costume i'm sorry not in a dirty way yes
and um it's i would give a whole new meaning to talking out of his ass this is a horrible radio
but um the visual of it is just way too funny because sack boy's mouth doesn't move that's
why people need to be watching justin tv hello i'm sorry podcast listeners i guess it gets this
one just isn't gonna make much sense to you um also joining us tonight on justin tv and check
the highlights that's that's right because i know the listeners are highlighting this on justin tv
our username is orange lounge radio all one word we have a lot of guests here in studio tonight
some new faces and some old faces i want to quickly introduce folks because you might just
i guess we have introduction music
awesome thank you program what what hey look what show would it be without a technical fuck-up right
in the first five minutes anyhow um say hello to some of our guests tonight joining us um
representing uh the women here holding it down with dark sakura say hello to mel hello hi mel
you can grab the mic it's okay it won't bite unless you ask how are you i'm good good i don't
think you've been on the show before if it hasn't been a long long time no i haven't been on the
show before all right so quickly what kind of games do you like to play a lot of shit on my ds
all right there you go nintendo ds fangirl all right also joining us tonight a very familiar
face from the past say hello to drunami madness this is orange lounge now the cops are really
going to get called um say hello as well to the doctor i'm the doctor how you doing it's 300 shows
and i'm naked and say really and you're on camera say hello as well to um a person who has not been
here in a long time where was the last time you were here oh two or three years ago say hello to
arcadian 42 it's a dark shadow from the past returns for destruction
and what kind of since you haven't been on the show in so long what kind of games do you like
like uh adventure no sega sega and more sega yes sega all right i haven't played some sega games
but i have like loads of saturn games and genesis and all that kind of stuff and when he grows up
he wants to be sega tasanchiro his his um house really is like a sega museum i just want to point
out it's pretty awesome all right is this is this gentleman going to introduce himself to and you
are hiccup boy hiccup boy is that your online name sometimes all right there you go hiccup boy
what what kind of games are you into hiccup boy rpg and first-person shooter what's the best rpg
of all time ever uh-huh i'm gonna have to go with final fantasy 7 just get out of my house
final fantasy 6 way better get out of my house i'm just kidding what about what about points
gonna go with 9 9 runs number 2 9 is pretty good okay okay it's it's all right it's all right at
least he didn't say 11 all right no me gusta all right no i'm just kidding we like having a variety
of uh opinions here in studio even when they're wrong hey let's welcome to chat as well chat dot
orange lounge radio.com joining us as they do every week here on orange lounge radio if it's
your first time listening to orange lounge radio pardon the madness it's a little crazy tonight but
yes we started this show on june 23rd 2002 on our live 365 feed and here we are six and a half late
years later on all games radio with our 300th episode so a big thank you to everybody that's
ever walked through the doors of the show this show and been here live in studio with us um
everybody who's ever joined us in chat room and of course you know a lot of the people who've helped
make this happen we'll talk more about that later on we'll save that for the end the thank yous and
the sniffles um all right well hey you know what otherwise as far as what we have planned tonight
it's just another show nothing special lots of gaming news to talk about tonight but we have to
start it off as we always do with a little bit of how is your gaming week dark soccer how was
your gaming week um it was a big fable i didn't do much playing in it however dan did and he's
been throwing fire at people and showing off his trophy which i think is entirely and flipping
everyone off which is just the best ever and his guy looks kind of like a gorilla um with a red
coat and it's kind of cool and i've decided that when i play fable um play fable 2 i'm going to
make the biggest raging lesbian ever you're still a chicken chaser you chase chickens i'm okay and
but he had to do the thing where he had to wear dreads and mutton chops and the dress and they
said it was the wrong dress and that was kind of funny and i've been playing ragnarok of course
and um i got my ds finally however it's not here it's at home but dan got me a black ds
much very similar to melton's black ds you have a blue one that melton has like a little star
wars thing on it's pretty neat little uh i could i could totally bust out my uh miyamoto stickers
though from e3 a few years ago but um but yes i have a nice one i babysat yesterday too really
yes did you play any games with the baby we went to the jungle gym and played let's splash
all of the water in the fountain and um baby's gonna slide down whether you're at the bottom
to catch him or not and let's see how many times catch the baby and it was also let's let's see
how often julian will run back to the swings and beg to be in it only to not do anything but look
at the other children i think the orange lounge radio official game should be something a lot like
wario wear where all the little micro games are like little in-jokes from the show and there
should be one where dark sakura is there with a big net and it says catch and baby stars and
there's babies falling from the sky i do have to say i do have to say and this he's such a
good kid that he's the reason why i'm no longer afraid of most babies in small numbers namely one
do you want to eat them like shane no shane has um subscriptions we we heart you shane you've
got subscriptions he's not listening he hates this show all right well he hates everything
that he likes anything else high school musical oh lord my god all right uh you're cut off all
right no no loki sack boy sack loki how was your gaming week um i didn't play that much this week
mainly i played um little big planet i love that game um it's actually i'm now in the japanese
level which is pretty cool so i'm dressed up like a ninja and i've got uh i'm a ninja pirate because
i'm wearing the ninja the ninja uh and i've got the uh pirate outfit and um i'm carrying a frying
pan so that's awesome and how is everyone's a little bit racist the game um pretty good but it
apparently uh it's not going to be as racist soon so um no i mean come on it was we were looking at
it on justin tv last week after the show it's like a little present for our live listeners and we
saw like a bunch of like you know that the africa level is all the africa stereotypes and you know
the south america level is all those stereotypes you know and the america level was hot dogs and
cheeseburgers just i know actually it was it was race cars and jazz there you go wait wait wait
if you go to maticas car will they shut down everything i don't know um now i'm glad though
when they did fix the song um that they didn't actually remove it from the game they just edited
out the lyrics which is awesome because the song itself was awesome and to be honest if the lyrics
aren't in there i'm not sad so all right whatever but um other than that i've been playing saints
row 2 multiplayer because that's fun still glitchy in fact we found a new trick now apparently if you
throw satchel charges on people because you can actually stick them to other players if i like
for example stick multiple satchel charges on when they respawn they still have the ones that haven't
exploded yet so you can detonate them again and kill them again which is uh kind of a boo-boo
there but um and then oddly enough i've been watching someone play fable can you guess who
is playing fable 2 my wife is playing fable 2 wait your wife the game hater is playing fable 2
yes she's playing fable 2 she here's how it happened she saw the commercial fort that they
have now where the guy is playing with the little uh i forget what you call those things um and
balls no not balls the little thing the fortune things that you open in your hand it looked like
a little pac-man i don't remember they call those kids in elementary school play with them anyways
so and each time he changes it it's a fortune kudi catcher thank you kudie catcher okay
so he's playing with that and each time he changes it it changes his appearance and
kind of looks evil and stuff like that and ellie's like what game is that that looks
cool because she's really into the whole people becoming evil thing you know like darth vader
she loved the whole like story of darth vader aren't you a little worried that your wife likes
it when people become evil i don't know but anyways so she's like what game is that i'm
I'm like, oh, Fable 2. I'm like, I've had that for a while now. Do you want to play it? She's like,
she's all, yeah, set it up for me. So I set it up for her, kind of helped her walk through it. Now
she's way further in the game than I am. But granted, I've only played the game for like less
than an hour, so, you know. But she, she was like literally when I was leaving today to go finish my
costume before I came over here. She was just like, she's okay, I gotta quit in like half an
hour because I have to go to the gym. And she's just seriously contemplating not going to the
gym to play the game. Nice. Yeah. Wow. Just getting to that point. Yeah. I know it brings
back memories of Final Fantasy XI. I know, a proud gamer moment. Are you a proud gaming husband now?
I, I don't think she's gonna, she's gonna get bored with it because she's not paying attention
to any of the storyline or any of like what's supposed to go on. She's like, kill, kill, die,
die, die, kill, kill, die, die, die. It keeps giving her like helpful hints like, you know,
her life is low, you should go find an inn or some potion. She's like, I don't know where the
hell the inn is. I'm like, go to one of the towns. She's like, I went to the towns, there's no inns
there. I'm like, you need to look around to see if you can find it. Well, I don't know how to do
that. Or like she still doesn't have, she hasn't quite figured out the right analog stick so she
can't change the camera angle very well. Look for the building that says inn on it. I know,
but she doesn't have patience for that stuff. I'm like, well, she's like, what am I supposed
to be doing now? I'm like, well, what'd that guy say to you? I don't know, I wasn't listening to
him. Stuff like that. Let's read some comments from chat. Chat.orangelawnsradio.com. By the way,
I know we have a lot of people on Justin TV tonight because of a Loki being sack boy. I
don't know what it is. If Justin TV highlighted us or something, but please keep in mind, we only
read our regular chat room at chat.orangelawnsradio.com. That's not because we hate you
guys, Justin TV, but it's because, well, it's partially that, but no, we have a real hard time
reading two chat rooms at once. Cause we are trying to do a show here. So chat.orangelawnsradio.com.
Redertainment in chat says the last time I skipped the gym to game was five years ago. I haven't been
back to the gym since. There you go. All right. Anyhow, I'm assuming that's it for Loki's gaming
week. So I'll talk about my gaming week. Um, I finally bought a PlayStation three after all.
Why are you booing? At least there's good games on it. At least you didn't buy it just because,
Oh, I want a PlayStation 3. Now there were finally games I wanted out. I want little big planet,
even though I wasn't able to get it yesterday, contrary to popular rumor, but I have it all set
up. I have a Blu-ray disc. At least I have Edward Scissorhands on Blu-ray cause that movie is
awesome. You have to get an Amber before Christmas too. It looks good on Blu-ray. And I like to
mention though that last week I was concerned that I may have to return my copy a little bit.
It's my turn. Sorry. So I didn't have to thank God. So I get to keep the slightly offensive
version. Awesome. All right. So yeah, I finally got, took the plunge and got a PlayStation three
for SingStar ABBA as well, even though that's not out till December, but I did buy SingStar
PlayStation three and a, you know, the game itself is kind of crappy compared to like Rob
Band and other songs that you can sing it. But I will tell you the best thing about SingStar
PlayStation three. Actually, there's a couple of good things about it. It's, it's a really good
party game because it has the music videos in the back. It's a, it's a good game for non-gamers.
If that makes sense. Like it's a good game for people to just pick up the mics and sing and have
fun with it. And there are a lot of songs on the SingStar, even though I haven't heard of half of
them. There's like 300 songs on that store, but I'll tell you the best part is that part. That's
like YouTube that you can go in there and look at the community videos. Um, I don't have a webcam
myself. Thank you very much. I don't want to put myself on there now. Don't worry about it, but
you can go look at other people and there are some awesome videos on there. Like they have people
dressed up in star Wars costumes, dancing to some of the songs, but I'll tell you that the cutest
ones are people that have their kids singing the song. Like there's this little three-year-old girl
singing a blink 182 dammit. And she's so cute doing it. She's like, she's so cute. And so
that's the best part of the game is just going on like the YouTube type thing and looking at that.
So I had fun with it. So, um, yeah, I don't know that it's not for everyone. Get it. If you have
a lot of parties, but if you're a solo gamer, I don't think there's a lot here for you unless
you like to sing to yourself. Um, otherwise I'm just holding out for a little big planet
and I'll probably be going back to the three 60 in the meantime. However, I will say this, uh,
PlayStation three has, I got to say that Blu-ray player is pretty awesome. Um, and it does upscale
the old movies pretty good on DVD and the media server I thought was a lot easier to use the
Microsoft's servers. I was really surprised that kind of surprised me. I was thinking that the
three 60 media server would be a lot easier cause you know, hello windows, you know, Microsoft,
no, the PlayStation three one was disgustingly simple. However, here's a word of advice for you
folks. Don't run the media server and your internet connection at the same time. Cause
it can't, your internet connection can't hold it on the PlayStation three. That's the one thing
about it. So there you go. That was pretty much my gaming week. Otherwise I haven't played a whole
lot. Um, Aurora faint on the iPhone, which is pretty awesome for a free game. That game is
all kinds of awesome. Huh? I had another game. What's that? I downloaded pull position remix.
How'd you like that? Um, it's actually surprisingly easy to play, but I still suck at
pole position. So, but the crashes and everything are fantastic. I suck the pole position. Uh,
black Wolf in chat room says, uh, Rob, like confirmed Rob likes parents exploiting children
on the internet. Uh, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's cute. All right. If you don't do this,
you don't get to eat. Um, and Ross to UT says, Rob, I have media server and internet running
at the same time. No problem. Well, that's you. Congrats to you. All right. It didn't
work right for me. I know my special, but now I have all the next gen systems. So there you have
it. I did get, you know, if you got pole position on the phone, I will say I got Pac-Man on the
iPhone, which is kind of neat. Cause you can do motion. You can tilt it. Yeah. It's kind of dumb.
Like you play it once and then it's over. So just get the free trial. Don't pay for it.
But, but the pole position one though, honestly, it really is playable. And on top of that,
not only can you have it use motion, uh, use, uh, your tilt to turn left to right. You can choose
to have your accelerator or your brake on screen. Um, or you can actually have a steering wheel on
screen to steer with, or you can use a slider. So that's kind of cool. Um, looking in chat and I'm,
I lied. I looked at Justin TV chat for a minute. Um, and the, a person by the name of Sony PS3
sucks. So I'm sure it's just thrilled to hear my news this week says that jelly car is on iPhone
for free. I forgot about that. I read about that somewhere. And that was actually a really awesome
game on the XNA service. Um, the little beta thing they had there. So I really want to check
that out on iPhone. So there you go. All right. Anyhow, uh, real quickly, uh, going around and
seeing what other kinds of games, uh, people have been playing this week. Uh, Mel Chan,
what's one game you've been playing this week? Sadly, my Japanese coach, your Japanese coach.
Well, how, how exactly does it teach you Japanese? Uh, it's actually pretty neat. It's got an
interface that you can trace the writing so you can really learn your brush strokes and stuff.
It's got a bunch of fun little games to play that actually really have been helping my memory and
helping me remember the shit that I learned a few years ago when I actually did take Japanese class.
Would you say that it's something that somebody could pick up and learn Japanese with,
or is it better a supplement to an actual Japanese class as a supplement to an actual Japanese class?
But it is nice because it does have a dictionary and a phrase guide thing built into it. So if you
are somewhere, you need to say something that you don't exactly know how to say. You can look
up real quick and be like, this is what I need to say. This is how I have to say it.
Awesome. Um, Drew, what's one thing you've been playing this week?
World of Warcraft, the burning crew. Brains. We have a story coming on that later,
but how, how's Wobbling? Are you excited about Lich King?
Oh, very excited. I've been, uh, leveling with, uh, Camara lately. Uh, thanks to that
recruit a friend thing, triple experience. She and I are going through Outlands as mage and warlock
63. So far it's, it's a blast. What are you most looking forward to about Lich King?
Uh, death knights, that and motorcycles. Awesome. Uh, the doctor who, by the way,
brought us some mushrooms for the studio. I don't know if you can see them on Justin TV.
Can you hold one up for the Justin TV folks? Uh, what the mushrooms look like here. There you go.
Look at that. And, uh, those are awesome. Where did you make those just for this? Or did you
steal those from your work? Last year, my work, we did Mario as a theme for Halloween. So, uh,
one of my coworkers made them. Awesome. Well, thank you for stealing them and bringing them
here. Um, what's one game you've been playing this week, doctor?
Actually, Hiccup Boy has gotten me back into DDR, which, oh my God, that's like the best
exercise ever. You've lost some weight too. Well, maybe like, yeah, just today. Oh my God,
because my hand's all sweaty from DDR. What kind of DDR? What?
Um, like it's old school DDR. It's like, like extreme DDR from like the arcade.
So, but I love it. Like it's good. It's good times. It is. It's very good exercise. And I,
I like though the here on our 300th episode, somebody brings up DDR. So thank you. Oh my God.
No. And that's, I don't think a boy like you are the one of the DDR Kings. So there you go.
There you go. Uh, Arcadian. What, what's one game you've been playing this week? I picked up,
uh, Sonic Chronicles yesterday and play that a bit. Nice. It's actually pretty good. What system?
So it's a DS DS. And that's like, what is all the old school, old school Sonic games?
No, no, it's a new RPG. Oh, I thought it was actually called Sonic RPG. Okay. How is it?
Good. It's pretty good so far. I've played like a, like three or four hours. You just
halfway the second mission. Is there any other RPGs you can kind of compare to?
I don't know. It's a little bit different cause, cause you're kind of moving around with the
stylus and the, cause you're not, and actually cause there's an interesting system where you,
if you, you got to chase, sometimes you have to chase the enemies or run away from them. So you
have to basically have the characters running away or running towards the, uh, the, uh, the enemy.
So you have to like make them jump over boxes and stuff. So that kind of, so if you need to escape
from an enemy, you're going to kill you. You can try to do that. Or if they want to get away from
you, you have to chase them. So if you got four characters, it's really hard to sometimes to
actually keep everyone from hitting the boxes so that they don't, that they can catch up.
Cool. It sounds like this game might be redeeming the Sonic franchise a little bit after a relatively
last few week years. I actually haven't played any of the games and it's for the best. It's for
the best Bradley. If you want to stay a Sega fan boy, you probably should stay away from him.
All right. Uh, let's also ask Kick Up Boy. Uh, what, what's, what's one game you've been playing
this week? Well, um, I kind of haven't, haven't gotten over, um, Cod 4 at all yet. All right. A
shooter fan. It's amazing. Except you get those people that just like, Oh, on one on one, I can
kick your ass. And then we go on one on one and they leave shortly after that. So what would you
say is the singular best thing about that game? The best thing is gotta be just, Hmm. Uh, there's
not just one, uh, you looking forward to the COD five. Yeah. Yes and no. Just, they kind of went
back in time. So I'm kind of like, Oh, I feel like a back to the future kind of thing. What's
something they need to do in COD five they didn't do for four. Um, they need to, um, make sure no
juggernaut is allowed. Cause that's just kind of wimpy. All right. There you have it. All right.
Um, we're going to move into some, uh, news here, but after some housekeeping here real quick.
And, uh, first off I want to say, you know, cause I say it every week, join us on a live journal.
Our username on life journals, orange lounge or a my space where orange lounge radio, uh, on
Facebook or the OL army. And now on Twitter, we're OLR. Yes. That's four different sites and four
different names. Go figure. It just never works out. Um, also I want to say this, uh, since we
have been doing this diligently for 300 episodes, uh, we are taking next week off. There will be no
show next week. So there you have it. Cause we earned it. We will be providing live footage of,
um, a colonoscopy. No, I'm not. Here's the, here's the deal. I'm not having a colonoscopy,
but you guys might remember if you've been listening to the show this year, I had some
medical issues, um, back in April, um, that kept me out of the show for a week. Uh, I'm having
surgery Wednesday and that's why there's not going to be a show on Sunday because I'm still
going to be recovering. Um, I'm having a gallbladder removal. I'm sure I mentioned
this a couple of weeks ago. It's not a big deal. Other people have had it done. It's laparoscopic,
so it's not going to be a big deal, but I am planning to pretty much be out of everything
for a week. So there you have it. So now you understand. So no, no kicking and screaming.
There's no show. Take a chance to play some more games or listen to one of our other
wonderful shows, uh, that we co broadcast with on all games radio. Um, so let's move into some
gaming news then tonight, I think if we're ready. Yes. All right. All right. Uh, well,
you may remember the, uh, new PSP 3000 was announced and is finally made it to the market.
Um, although it's not really being received that well, um, problem is apparently the new advanced,
um, LCD screen that's on it is causing some issues with scan lines, noticeable scan lines,
and it looks very bad. Um, it is now a little bit brighter and the colors are a little bit better,
but the scan lines look like crap and Sony is apparently looking into the problem right now.
Um, but no sort of fix is, um, being, uh, taken, you know, being done. And, um, so since this is
a phenomenon that is caused by hardware characteristics, there is no plan to fix it
with the system software update. So you might want to hold on to those PSP 2000s and forgo the
built-in, um, microphone and I don't know, better, uh, questionably better LCD screen.
Or maybe just wait a little while for it to get fixed. Is it possible that they're
going to like kind of fix these? Um, they're going to have to replace them if that's the case.
Interesting. Um, well, what's kind of interesting also is that it seems like there might be some
type of very, uh, quiet under the radar recall going on right now. Um, I guess it's because
people are, you know, complaining about this and apparently the description actually got like this
slight word change going on. Um, instead of saying the system features an improved LCD screen,
it says the system features an advanced LCD screen. So you can kind of see that they might be,
uh, kind of admitting that there's something going on there. It kind of reminds me of was it, uh,
if anyone's watched Invader Zim when he's introduced to his sidekick Gur, he's like,
um, he kind of looks broken. They're all, he's not broken. He's advanced.
Well, here's the other interesting thing is that amazon.com just suddenly canceled a bunch of
pre-orders for the PSP 3000. Um, some folks had the limited edition four gigabyte memory
entertainment pack for this thing reserved. Amazon sent everybody emails that said, um,
that the item was not available from the sources so that they canceled all the orders.
Yeah. In fact, we got some similar that, um, they were expected in probably this week, I guess,
but now they've been delayed to middle of January. So there's something going on. Something
is afoot at the circle K. All right. So there you have it. Um, I don't know what's going on with the
PSP 3000, but maybe you want to be cautious, play a friend's system, play it in stores and see if
it's something that bugs you that bad, because I bet to a lot of gamers, um, they're not going
to give a shit to be honest. I mean, it looks pretty bad. I mean, but there's a lot of PSP
2000 systems out there and really all you're supposedly improving is the, you know, inner
the LCD screen, which obviously is not improved this time and a built-in microphone. So if
microphones aren't really big deal for you, I mean, you can go buy one for like 20 bucks.
I don't know. So I would just maybe hold off. Besides, why do you, why do you need to buy
another system? I mean, after all the last system update came about a year ago. All right. Well,
what was that? She didn't have a mic. I said, not to mention, there's hardly any new PSP games
coming out. They're like, here's a bunch of new systems without you. We've got like 20 games
coming out in the next six months. Have fun. All right. Well, we'll see. We'll see what continues
to develop, um, over there and hopefully some PSP games, a lot of good stuff in, um,
2009. We'll see. That could possibly be, but honestly, you know, my opinion on the PSP
actually is the same opinion I have on any system. It stinks only as good as the games that are on
it, but it does have purple lacrosse, which is a cute game. Okay. Well, this comes as an absolute
surprise to no one. Um, because what do you just like gasping into the microphone as if you're in
a porn? I'm no one. I'm no one. Do that. Do that a little bit more throaty. No, no, no, I don't.
No, no. Okay. Sorry. Anyway. Thank you, Rob. Now you have to mimic the master here.
No, I don't. Anyway. Um, well there was, um, the game was trademarked in July, but there is going
to be a Star Wars, the old Republic, which is the MMO that's based off of KOTOR, Knights of the Old
Republic. Also the term coined by our friend Krista Skrotor when she worked for Lucas back
in the day. Anyway. Um, with this, um, it says to be 300 years after, um, Knights of the Old Republic
two, which is 3,500 years before the film. And you can choose between either the Republic or the
Sith empire. You can either, um, be, uh, light side or dark side. Um, but you can be one of those
alignments within whatever your faction is. So I guess you could be chaotic neutral or lawful evil
or, Oh, wait, wrong game. Anyway. Um, there's two classes that have been revealed already. That's
the Sith, the Jedi, and they use lightsabers and the force. And we have no idea when it's coming
out or what it's coming out on, but, but, but, well, can I kill Jar Jar Binks? Jar Jar has not
been born yet or conceived. She could probably find, can I find Jar Jar's super great ancestor
and killer and super great cut off the fishy cock. That's the fishy cock.
Did you just tell me to go slice off the fishy cock? Fish do not have cocks. They deposit their
things into the ocean. But they're supposed to be human led creatures. So I assume that there's
some cock involved. There's always cock involved. They're aquatic. Okay. Needless to say the
internet and the gamers on the internet all had a, needless to say the collective internet gamers
had a giant orgasm when this game was announced. Um, all their fish cocks went off at once.
Uh, I know there's a fountain of, there's a lot of people definitely looking forward to a KOTOR
MMO. A fountain of time ago. I've heard there are people that are going to leave wow for this.
We'll see, just like you and I are going to go play Star Trek. But I'm not leaving wow because
guess what? I am. I already left. I know. Fuck your KOTOR. We've got Star Trek MMO coming out.
We're going to have some Star Trek. There's a Star Trek MMO coming out? Where the fuck have
you been? Can I cream my shorts right now? Because I love Star Trek so much. Can you stand up so I
can see? Star Trek Online. This is still Star Trek Online. But what time period? Uh, after
current. I think it's set like 35 or 40 years after Nemesis. 35 or 40 years after Nemesis. Oh
man. So you get your own joystick for your ship. Or the Klingon Empire again though. No. Yes. All
right. And Janeway's dead and Picard's dead. Well Janeway could still be alive. Sounds awesome.
She can. All right. Anyhow. What? You can do customizing on your ship. So you can uh,
calibrate the dilithium crystal. And I want there to be an achievement called Red Shirt Massacre.
What? Oh wait. If it's set in that series. Okay. If it was red shirts first and then yellow in
Next Generation, then what color are they going to go to for the next series to come out? Magenta.
Magenta shirts. No. All right. I'm going to get some questions or some comments from chat.
Rasteel UT says, what I'm concerned about with Old Republic is that A,
virtually, this virtually guarantees no KOTOR 3 and B, Bioware's never done an MMO before. I
can't shake the idea that they might try to ape WoW. WoW's a good game. Let's see. We also have
GS68 says, I was going to get a PSP 3000 for Christmas, but I think I'll just save for a
desktop arcade pop and con. We'll see. SJ100 Matt says, I'm waiting for the OLR Starfleet.
All right. Let's move on with some more news. Back to PlayStation 3. Well, PlayStation Home
isn't even out yet and it's already been hacked. So, you know, just like anything else that's Sony,
especially the PSP, it has been hacked. The beta client has apparently been decrypted and hackers,
especially this guy I guess named streetskaterfu, apparently he has decrypted over 9,000 files
belonging to it and this is supposedly going to lead to better understanding how PlayStation 3
games and the PlayStation Network works and its structure. So apparently it's all backend stuff
and it'll allow you to, well, they're going to hopefully allow it to lead to other exploits and
possibly custom stuff for the cross media bar and all that fun stuff. I don't know, right now it's
a whole bunch of nothing, but it's progress and progress is always good, I guess. You know what
I think is hilarious? That these people do this as a hobby. You know what? I bet the one, I bet
the best way to end all the hacking and everything is to offer these guys jobs. Oh no, they wouldn't
do that. It would actually be original content. We don't want that. Pay them. We want rehashes
of everything. Yeah, but how long before Sony tries to close this gap? I mean, the home's not
even out yet really. Yeah, not very long, but you know, hey, I don't know, it's neat I guess. It's
fun to say, hey look, I hacked home. Hey, I'm skaterfu, I hacked home. But what's kind of neat
though, speaking of the home beta, if you do want to get into the home beta, just keep an eye out
for the next issue of Core, which is going to do some features behind the scenes regarding home,
and they're also going to have home beta entries. So you will be able to test home before home
launches, whenever home actually launches, although it's probably going to launch soon.
Well, do you remember on last week's show, there was a big to-do about the whole censorship in the
game LittleBigPlanet, and how one of the songs controversially quoted the Quran in its lyrics,
and Sony was going to patch, they were really nervous about this, they're going to patch the
game, take the lyrics out. It was retarded. Well, here's the thing, it's kind of an interesting
follow-up to this whole thing, is that we're kind of waiting for comment from the other side, like
what's the community going to think, what's the rest of the Muslim community going to think if
this word gets out there, this is in the game. Well, you might be surprised at what happened.
M. Zoudi Jasir, MD, and he is the president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy,
he talked to a website called Edge Gaming, or the Edge Game Network, and he said something
kind of interesting here. He said that censorship and Sony being willing to bend at the request for
censorship is counterproductive to the freedom of speech. Let me give you this quote, to demand that
the game be withdrawn is predicated on a society which gives theocrats who wish to control speech
far more value than the central principle of freedom of expression upon which the very practice
and freedom of religion is based. The fact that the music writer is a devout Muslim should highlight
that at the core of this issue is not about offending all Muslims but only about freedom
of expression and the free market. He says he himself does not endorse the use of the
Quran verses in non-educational video games, but he says in this case basically that the
first amendment takes precedence and that the Islamic foundation stands against all forms of
censorship. So, interesting. I think that's beautiful and isn't that sort of what we said
last week? In a way, in a way, so it's uh it's it it is kind of interesting to see that now Sony
has almost a little bit of egg on it they just can't win with this. Rice Princess was called and
she said censorship equals... Thank you. Is she coming tonight? Actually she's she's sick so she's
gonna try to make it. Isn't she far princess now? Yeah she is far princess. No she's sick she's
gonna try to make it though. All right. But you know everybody say a fire princess. All right.
All right. Let's move on and talk about some uh oh by the way just real quick note on Little
Big Planet the 1.02 patch is out now and uh it basically just strips the lyrics out of the song.
Yeah it doesn't take the song out just removes the lyrics which is fine. There you go. Because
I didn't understand what they meant anyway so we're right here. Didn't didn't they have a
very habit to do about this way back in the day with that game War Gods didn't they didn't uh
when the tracks in that game quote the Quran or something they took that out. Oh who knows.
This has been an issue for a while with other games you'd think people would learn.
I honestly... It just seems like bullshit to me the whole time. It really is. Oh sorry I should
be watching my language. Oh fuck that okay. It's like I said last week if they wanted to
be offended at somebody they should have been offended at the artist that made the song
who which I think is completely retarded anyway since he himself as stated was a devout Muslim so
whatever. Yeah but isn't that so he he was a Muslim the guy that wrote the song because there's like
you know like there's Ninju and that's made like by a Jewish guy like have you seen Ninju? No.
No I haven't. All right before we unravel more controversy on the program tonight
let's get to some release dates. Dark Sakura. Hey. Take us to the UK. In the UK we have Jesus
Christ Supercop. I'm sorry. Did you say Jesus Christ Supercock? Who the hell do you think you are?
Okay someone did these episodes on TV on some internet TV site that's called Jesus Christ
Supercop. Gotcha. There's also Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter. Exactly. I was gonna say that's a rip-off.
There's also Frapper Jesus on Conan O'Brien. All right can we get our release dates? Okay. Jesus.
For um in the UK on the 29th we have Penny Arcade Adventures on the Rainslick Precipice
of Darkness Episode 2 for PC and Xbox 360 and on the 31st we have Command and Conquer Red Alert 3
on PC which we just got a salute in the back and then Fallout 3 on PC Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
On the 31st also we have Final Fantasy Fables Chocobo's Dungeon on Wii. Hail to the Dead
Hail to the Chimp on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Legendary on Xbox 360 and Me and the Horse I
Rode in on too. I'm sorry. My Horse and Me 2 on DS Wii PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360. My Sims Kingdom
on Wii. Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 and Valkyria Chronicles on PlayStation 3.
Okay. Cool. In the US there's quite a bit coming out this week starting off with today of course
Guitar Hero World Tour came out on pretty much everything. Let's see. We also have All Star Cheer
Squad coming out on the Wii this week. Poker for Dummies on PC. The Wonder Pets Save the Animals
on DS. Fallout 3 on PC PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Command and Conquer Red Alert 3 on PC this week.
FIFA Soccer 09 All Play on the Wii. Sing Star Volume 2 on PS3. See just to think that you just
bought Sing Star Volume 1 and you could have waited a few more days and oh well. Yeah that's
my life in a nutshell. Barbie Horse Adventures Riding Camp on PC. Also my life in a nutshell.
Yay! Bella Sarah yet another horse riding game on DS and PC. Ben 10 Alien Force the Game on DS,
PSP, PS2 and Wii. No horses involved. Imagine, oh my god, Imagine Party Babies on Wii. Stay away
from that game. It's evil. And if you don't think that's evil enough then there's also My Baby Boy
and My Baby Girl on DS. Did you say Magic Party Babies? Imagine Party Babies. Babies with a Z.
Why would you have a party? One of the coolest names for a DS game ever. Little Red Riding Hood
Zombie BBQ on DS this week. Got pretty good reviews too. He has the best name ever. Monster
Jam Urban Assault on DS, PSP, PS2 and Wii. MotoGP 08 on PC, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
MotorStorm Pacific Rift on PS3. My Sims on PC and My Sims Kingdom on DS and Wii. Neverland
Card Battles on PSP. Ninja Town on DS. Onimusha The Essentials on PlayStation 2. Tons of Stupid
Pets games. Pets Rescue Ocean Patrol and Pets Rescue Wildlife Vet on DS. Popstar Guitar on PS2
and Wii with yet another peripheral that looks stupid. GS68 in chat says, all we need now is
Let's Ride Babies Forever Yaris Party of Judgment. Ah, yes. But instead you're gonna have to get Pro
Bull Riders out of the chute. Quelltippo says, I imagine teachers every night in bed. Ah, yes.
Are you hot for teacher? Pro Bull Riders, out of the chute on PlayStation 2 and Wii. Yes, you can
play the bowl in that game. Pearl Evolution Soccer 2009 on PS2, PS3, PSP and Xbox 360.
Seen It Box Office Smash on Xbox 360. Score International Baja 1000 on PlayStation 2,
PlayStation 3, Wii and 360. Shrek's Carnival Craze on DS, PC, PS2 and Wii. Sing Star Country on
PlayStation 2, Sing Star Legends on PS2. Six Flags Fun Park on Wii. Spider-Man Web of Shadows on PC.
The King of Fighters Collection, The Orochi Saga on PS2 and PSP. Travel Games for Dummies on DS.
Zense's Ocean and Zense's Rainforce on DS. The first game that actually is shipped in
recyclable packaging. Go green. Whoopty shit. Yeah, exactly. Too bad the game sucks.
Ultima Eye Spy on Wii and Goosebumps Horrorland on PlayStation 2 and Wii.
Let's see, SBK08 Superbike World Championship on Wii. Witch's Tale on DS.
And let's see here, Sherlock Holmes Mystery of the Mummy on DS. And exclusive to Walmart,
the ACDS Live Rock Band Track Pack on PS2, PS3 and 360. You're going to have to find that at
Walmart a week from today. And coming to Xbox Live Arcade this week. Wait, I have to go into Walmart?
Yes, you have to go to Walmart because it's exclusive to them. Penny Arcade Adventures on
a Rain Sick Precipice of Darkness, Episode 2. And the New Medios games. Medios Wars is
supposed to be out this week. How about Japan? Let's go over to Japan and look at the release
dates over there on the Xbox 360. Brothers in Arms, Hell's Highway, Fracture and Grand Theft
Auto IV all coming out this week. Again, that's Xbox 360. On the PlayStation 3, I imagine very
similar stuff. Yes, Fracture is also coming out on the PlayStation 3, as is Grand Theft Auto IV.
I guess some type of... No, is that the new one? No, we're waiting for V, aren't we?
So, I don't know why this is just now coming out. Grand Theft Auto IV? Oh, never mind. I'm getting
confused because right above it I'm reading Grand Turismo. Never mind. Hello. Okay, so yes, Japan
finally gets their version of Grand Theft Auto IV. Grand Turismo V Prologue does come out in Japan
this week. Spec 3. And Little Big Planet also makes its way to Japan this week on the 30th.
And Grand Turismo V Prologue hasn't come out in... This is Spec 3, so it's probably like new...
It's probably different cars to get people to buy it again. Sorry. Hey, now wait a minute.
Sorry for the use of that term, but that's gay. Seriously. Wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute, wait a minute. I need to play something for Loki. Hold on, stop the show.
Stop the show. I need to play something for Loki here.
Hey, check out this shit, right? Right? It's so gay. It's really gay. Look at those pants.
Please don't say that. What? Don't say that something is gay when you mean that something
is dumb or stupid. It's insulting. It's like if I thought this pepper shaker was stupid and I said,
man, this pepper shaker is so 16-year-old boy with a cheesy mustache. Just saying. When you
say that's so gay, do you realize what you say? Knock it off. She's so sassy. Me too.
All right. Her show got canceled, so she sucks. I love her. I just downloaded one of her routines.
All right. That's all right. I completely understand, you know, the use of, you know,
gay and stuff, but I know, I know. I'm just messing with you. That's the whole point. I
know you don't really mean it. On the Nintendo Wii, nevermind. I'm not going to get political
right now. Nintendo Wii, My Sims Kingdom comes out this week, as does Bokuju Monogatari,
Waku Waku Animal March, yay, on the Wii, as well as Hula Wii, Mina Di Furo Odoro,
and Shape Boxing, We Day Enjoy Diet. It's probably Everybody Hula Hoop,
which would be a very interesting game. I don't know how you make a game out of that.
Hey, on the PlayStation 2, Scarlet, Nichijou no Kaiyou Kaisen comes out, as well as Thunder Force
6 comes out from Sega, and Yumemi Hakusho, Second Dream makes its way to the PlayStation 2.
On the Nintendo DS, ChocoBox comes out, Dr. Slump and Arale-chan.
Is ChocoBox chocobo-boxing? Because that would be amazing.
Dr. Slump was done by the artist that did Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z.
Ah, there you go. It is chocobo-boxing.
Let's get back to boxing with ChocoBox.
ChocoBox is not a game. It's a case for your DS.
What are they making chocobo-boxing?
That'd be pretty awesome.
Tales of Innocence gets a price reduction, and a game called Vitamin Y comes out.
Why? Because.
Lastly, on the Sony PSP, is there anything coming out this week?
Well, you actually would be surprised. Yes, there's quite a bit coming out this week.
Cardinal Arc Portable, Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G gets a price reduction into the best,
as does Rockman Rockman.
That would just be, you know, you know how they remade Mega Man 1 for the PSP.
It's just that.
It's that whole thing.
All right, that's it for Japanese release dates.
Let's go back to some more gaming news.
Do we gotta?
Yes, we gotta.
Well, this is about death.
Cool.
ULTIMATE FINAL CHARACTER DEATH.
A 43-year-old Japanese woman was arrested for killing her virtual husband on MapleStory.
I know, where's our stupid person music, Rob?
Wait, did she kill him in-game?
She killed him in-game.
Oh, okay.
But she got arrested for killing him in-game?
Or did she kill him for real?
Here's what happened.
No, she killed him in-
She-
This is what happened.
She, um, she's a piano teacher.
43-year-old piano teacher was furious because, um, she had been divorced in-game.
So she accessed his login and deleted his character.
So she killed him in-game.
She's, um, in jail in Sapporo, um, and she's facing charges of illegally accessing a
computer and manipulating data.
Um, her in-game husband was a 33-year-old office worker.
And, um, I, I really don't know what he thinks, so there's no comment about that.
But this happened last May and, um, the woman could, um, pay fines and potentially
a five-year jail sentence if she's convicted.
Dude, it's MapleStory.
Who gives a shit?
God, I know!
Isn't that the biggest irony in this whole crappy story?
It's-
Get over yourself!
It's fucking MapleStory.
And besides that, what does it matter?
Oh my God.
Thank God.
I hope I can't-
She probably deleted, like, a couple years worth of data and-
I hope I can't be held accountable for all the people I killed.
You spend time working on that kind of shit.
DJ Dark Knight says it's a huge crime in Japan.
I- no, look, this is the thing.
I, I understand it and honestly, I, I would, you know, want some sort of, you know, retaliation.
She did break the law.
She illegally accessed his information and she broke the law.
However, I just think it's so fucking retarded that this is MapleStory!
It's free!
It's Ma-
Okay, okay.
I would be pissed off if someone did that to my Ragnarok account.
I would be pissed off if that happened on my Ragnarok account.
You know, but it's not the end of the world.
Five years in jail?
I mean, God, pissing you off is bad enough.
Can you imagine the phone call?
What do you mean pissing me off is bad enough?
What the fuck is that supposed to mean, Rob?
Exactly.
Exactly as it was intended.
Can you imagine the, the phone call?
I'd like to report a murder of my character in MapleStory.
Okay, see, I was thinking of the World of Warcraft-
Hello?
Uh, South Park episode.
It's like, and, and he's killing people's characters.
Mom! Bathroom! Bathroom!
I am such an achievement, Hornau.
Um, anyhow, hey, let's move on with the news.
Sorry, I've been distracted because the doctor has boobs now.
And boobs are distracting.
Uh, anyways-
Ew.
So-
So that's what kind of doctor you are.
That's a doctor.
Hello, doctor.
Now, um-
Doctor.
Apparently, Guitar Hero World Tour is facing some drum issues, um, as some other, um, hosts,
uh, so, uh, viciously-
Eloquently put it on previous shows.
Viciously described, um, there's some issues with the drums, um, not sensing the hits,
um, in this case-
Sorry, that's to come later, ignore that.
I let the, I let the audio run too long again, my bad.
Shame, shame.
Fucking drums aren't fucking working right.
Anyway, so the drums aren't working correctly.
Basically, they're either not sensing hits, or they're just playing, not doing anything.
They're faulty like this show.
They're very faulty.
I mean, personally, I kind of called that they were faulty, but for whole different
reasons.
I mean, the thing looks like it's made out of PVC, and was seriously, like, rocking when
people were playing it, and not rocking in the good way.
But, I don't know.
I think as, uh, Bobby Blackwolf put it on his show, if they're gonna brag that their
instruments are better than, you know, Rock Band's instruments, then maybe they should
work.
Let's start with the working first.
That's the only sound my, uh, Guitar Hero drums will make.
I have, I have pumpkiny goodness in me, by the way, Rob.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
We're eating pumpkin bagels here in Studio Justino.
We are?
I am.
Yeah, that's fine.
Actually, eat that Halloween candy.
I can't have the candy, and John doesn't want it.
So, bring the thing out here.
Make everybody eat it.
Give some to Justin TV.
I don't care.
All right.
Hey, um, big news this week.
Oh, my God.
Huge news about, um, something, uh, we here at Orange Mountains Radio used to cover every
year, and then kind of stopped.
E3 is coming back.
That's right.
E3 2009, uh, is coming back the way we know it.
Not this whole, like, scale down show we had, um, going on.
This whole scale down show we had going on for just the media only, and the super special
secret club invite is going away.
Basically, I hope so.
E3 is going to be just like it was before.
However, that doesn't mean that anybody's going to be able to get in.
It's not public.
It's just, you know, it's going to be back to the same audience.
Come on.
When it was originally going on anyways, it was almost public.
It's like I work at Walmart or I know someone that works at Walmart in the garden department
because they, you know, it's like the six degrees of Kevin Bacon or something like that.
It's like I work in a store that looks at video games and therefore, you know, I should
be able to go.
I have a crappy podcast on the internet.
It's been going for six years.
I get to go.
What?
This means that we need to get our business stuff set back up.
Yeah, we got to go.
We're going.
It'll be fun.
Yeah, that's going to be tough.
I'm going to try to get the wife to let me go, but uh, ouch.
Tell her Fable 3 will be there.
This is how it works at my house.
Hey Dan, I'm going to E3.
Okay.
Yeah, but you can do that.
He can come with me.
By the way, he's come with me every year.
The website Joystiq, that's Joystiq with a Q, actually interviewed the president of the
ESA, Doug Lowenstein, and he actually said if you had to give, they asked him if you
had to give E3 a six letter word or less tagline, what would it be?
And uh, I'm sorry.
Doug Lowenstein was the former president of the ESA.
Now it's Mike Gallagher.
Sorry, my bad.
I just haven't been to E3 in so long.
Mike Gallagher calls it the must attend event of 2009.
That's what he's calling it.
And they're saying it's going to be 40,000 or more in attendance.
I believe that the last E3 was 70,000.
And then they're complaining.
Why are there so many people going in there and then Paris Hilton will be there pimping
out whatever.
I want to know what's the heavy cynicism for there in the back.
When it was an industry only thing, it still was going down the tubes and you had better
things like, you know, Leipzig and uh, PAX as the true gamers conventions.
I mean, even for the industry, it's just not that good anymore.
I'm kind of curious what effect this is going to have on PAX.
If that's going to cause less people to want to go to PAX now, because they'll want to
use their vacation on E3.
Cause not everybody can take vacation all the time.
You know what I mean?
Honestly, if I had to choose between the two though, to be perfectly honest, I want to
go to PAX again.
I really want to go to PAX again.
You know, PAX was a lot of fun.
PAX was more of like the gamer show, but I'm a greedy bastard.
I'm going to go to both.
Hello.
No, I'd love to go to both.
I'd especially like to see what this E3 revival is, you know?
But if I had to pick between one or the other, I would pick PAX.
There you go.
Uh, so orange launch radio live from E3 this June.
What?
If we do go to E3, we're totally freaking going to Disneyland.
We'll see what we can do.
We are.
Yes, ma'am.
Cause I, so what?
Tea cups.
Tea cups for the win and California screaming.
All right.
Let's move on with the news or we'll never get to Disneyland.
Yes.
But, you know what Disneyland could use more of?
Zombies!
You know what Call of Duty is getting more of?
Um, my story.
Well, I'm sorry.
You were just talking about Disneyland and I stopped listening.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Well, it was E3's revival.
What happens to E4All?
It gets flushed down the toilet.
I don't have a toilet flush noise.
Yup, there's no more E for All and I'm laughing my ass off.
Why? Why all the negativity? There's too much cynicism in here tonight.
I'm just laughing my ass off at all the people who said that, um,
that E for All is gonna be the end all, the place to go,
and we're gonna be all at E for All. And I'm like...
Well, it definitely was the end all. Fuck you, I'm going to PAX.
Nice. But seriously, I've heard from so many people about
oh, E for All this and E for All that and I'm like, screw you.
But they had fatality. Whatever. We got to, we got to do fatalities in
DC vs Mortal Kombat, okay? Oh my god, we got someone who holds his, holds his mouth funny.
Rob and I got to have the Katana Catwoman fight and that was
epic. It was pretty cool. Plus, I got to meet Jonathan Coulton and Wil Wheaton and
I couldn't do that at E for All.
Uh, Jenai in chat makes the, uh,
mandatory joke here that I think is pretty clever. E for End.
Did you hear that one, Jenai?
E for End. Aww, that's perfect. I was telling Mel about Wil Wheaton signing my iPhone
and it rubbing off by the end of the day. But you saw it.
I did see it. I'd said, now my phone is an extra limited edition and so he
put a 1 slash 1 on it.
That was pretty funny. Alright, now we can talk about zombies.
That's what, because that's what you're going to see at E3 this year. A bunch of unshowered, unslept zombies.
We should hand out care packs.
Okay, no, we should, we should hand out con care packs like they did at AX that one year
where they handed out deodorant and soap. Yeah, but unless you're going to put it on them
yourself, it's not going to do any good. What's this? Cans of
Axe. I can't use this, start away. Axe smells freaking good. Axe is better than confunk.
Confunk is good. Confunk is...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You know what smells better than confunk?
Cat piss. I'll take your word for it. How about zombies?
Yes, zombies. Apparently the megaton bomb that was dropped by Game Trailers TV
was that
Call of Duty World of War is going to feature a four-player co-op zombie mode.
That totally doesn't rip off of another game that's very similar having a
four-player co-op
zombie mode in it. Left 4 Dead.
So I guess, you know, hey they want to make sure that people know that their game has
zombies too.
Wow, that's so World of War. You know, I remember the zombie wars back in World War II.
My grandpa used to tell me all about those, how the zombies would attack and
everything.
Ah, yes, the zombies.
Thank goodness that we, you know, defeated them and showed them democracy.
Democracy! Bringing it to the rest of the world. And
no zombies, because zombies are bad. But thankfully though Treyarch is able to come
back and tell the
you know, lost battles of zombies. You know,
the part that was left out of the history books. Conspiracy, I say!
No, but seriously, they're going to have four-player zombies and you'll be able to do
zombie stuff. Can you eat brains? Yes or no?
Well this sounds like it's basically, it's kind of weird though. There's a whole bunch of
games this fall that have zombie things in them. Like
Saints Row 2 has zombies in it. There's like a zombie game within the game.
And now there's a zombie game within this. And then there's a zombie game coming out.
There's zombie
Xbox Live Arcade games. Zombie PlayStation Network games. It's like, seriously,
Moonwalker!
Brains or no brains? Actually, I do have to say there's something that completely
bothers me about zombie games.
About games with zombies in them. How you don't have a stench meter.
In zombie movies and zombie games,
why is it that you can't tell where the fucking zombies are by how much their decayed
asses stink? They're decaying bodies. They're going to smell
like rotten meat. Maybe someday there'll be a smell-o-vision.
But, you know, nobody in zombie movies are so surprised that the zombies are there
when they should have been able to freakin' smell corpse stench. Yeah, I know. You have games like, I don't know,
Thief with sound meters. Why can't you have smell meters? Maybe there's a lot of zombies and so
because they all smell like rotting flesh, the whole place smells like rotting
flesh so you can't tell where it's coming from. It should still be stronger the closer you
get to that much
contained stench. It's just... It's like an anime con.
It's just like last night. You can tell when you're getting close to the dealer's room
by the stink. No, no, no, no. You can tell when you're getting close to the cosplay
competition
It's like a Dave Matthews Band concert. You can tell when you're getting close to
the smell of marijuana.
No, when you're getting close to the cosplay competition is when you stop
smelling
funk and start smelling other things. I don't know if you heard Drew, but
the Grateful Dead. The one guy's keeping on trucking in heaven.
I don't know if you've heard. Alright. He's gratefully dead.
Anyhow. Unless he's a zombie! In which case,
you need to know how to defeat zombies by playing this game. Or
Left 4 Dead. Or Saints Row 2. Or another zombie game. World of Warcraft.
Which has also started the zombie invasion. That's right. Zombie invasion has been hitting World of
Warcraft and there's been just craziness going on.
Earlier in the week, there was infections going on. If you would kill an
infected critter
or the like, you would get turned into a zombie in 10 minutes and then you
could create other zombies. It was like a disease that was spread around.
Well, as the week's been going on, now it takes 15 seconds to get turned into a zombie.
15 seconds? I thought it was one minute. No, that happened to me earlier today. It took me 15 seconds to get turned into a zombie.
The more you get hit by zombies, the faster they shave off
times. You gotta visit an Argent healer.
Or if they haven't been turned into a zombie. Or you have a priest or paladin
remove the disease. All last night I was going on my priest
through Orgrimmar making sure all the auction house street dealers were
clean. Yeah, apparently it's a popular thing to do is turn yourself into a zombie and then do
a zombie explode. Because one thing you can do, you can just explode. You can self-destruct as a zombie
and spread your infection everywhere. So a lot of people have just been walking into the
auction house and exploding.
And apparently they don't like the people who are cleaning up after the
zombies.
They don't like the priests. They don't like the pallys. Oh, you're ruining our fun.
Hi, you guys are going to low-level zones and killing everything. Exactly.
You know, does anyone find this slightly offensive that there's
people walking around into, I don't know, public buildings and exploding?
I mean... There's zombies. Don't blame them, there are zombies.
Everything is okay when it's zombies and green blood.
It's not real. There were zombies that ate too many Twinkies. So if some zombies flew a
plane into a building, that would be okay too.
They're zombies! Matt... I'm just checking.
Alright, because this is the World of Warcraft game that you're playing, and I don't see any
recalls on that. Yes, alright.
Well, we did have people getting infected and then
flying to other cities and then exploding when they got there. The
zombified in mid-flight.
You can't explode in mid-flight? They can't explode in mid-flight, but they can explode as soon as they land.
Tenris Murkblood is a new boss that you can fight in Karazhan. My guild just took him
down today, and it was actually a fun fight.
But you only are going to be able to see him for 10 days, which basically means if
you don't play him tonight or Monday,
you have one chance because of the resets in Karazhan. So, he drops an axe that is
awesome. He will drop this axe every time. He only drops two things. A little bat pet for
everybody in the raid,
and an axe that when you use it,
your character suddenly becomes a zombie or an undead, basically.
It starts jamming like it's Guitar Hero. It goes...
It's awesome. Rob, get an extra one.
We can't. Only Nathan got one today. Look at that! Now they're ripping off Darkstalkers! Awesome!
Arcanite Ripper!
Arcanite can rip off.
Yeah, and I see XLink in chat says, Grand Theft Auto IV has zombies too.
Yeah, they started putting out this thing like it was going to be an expansion or something like that,
but really they're just talking about the stupid
viral achievement that they've had since the beginning of the game, when it came out.
And...
Tom, talk about like non-news, but they decided, hey, we're going to jump in on the zombie
fun as well, even though
this has been around forever. I want to point out, since we just started tonight's show,
a new phase just kicked in. Phase five and a half just started tonight
as we went live. Apparently what's happened, now there are quests all of a sudden
available in the main cities that send you to the faction leader,
and at some point you're going to be whispered by some type of either
a frozen shade or a plagued brain that's going to be taunting you to join their
forces.
And there's some type of quest going on to hopefully clean the world
of the plague. Interesting.
So it's all going on right now in the world of Warcraft.
Bathroom.
Bathroom.
More gaming news.
Well, there's another game called Pain,
and there is a character showing up in Pain
that you can beat the shit out of. Guess who that would be?
I don't know. David Hasselhoff!
And he actually thinks that it's
completely, he actually said that it was hysterical, he's quoted as saying that,
and that
he thinks that it's really great that he gets to be in it.
And there's also his version of Do You Really Want to Hurt Me?
as
the title to an in-game track, so I think that's pretty fun. Wow, you know that's just...
What the fuck was that? Rob's computer farted. I don't know what's going on. Well, hello
Rice Princess, glad to see you just arrived. I think a zombie is attacking us, actually.
What the hell was that about? That was some weird shit. Anyways, I was going to say,
that's reason enough to hurt him.
Well, also he's doing his own voice, so this information was provided to me by
the lovely and talented Zoss.
Now I want to point out there's a new song available in Pain.
I can't stop this feeling
deep inside of me
Girl, you just don't realize
what you do to me
I couldn't resist. You gotta love a guy that actually is famous for doing that shit.
I mean, seriously, you know what, it's like, I wonder if he's just like,
what can I do that's so ridiculous that people would still like me? And he keeps
making these songs and he's like, okay, people gotta hate me now. And then they're still like
buying his albums and he's still rich and putting them on TV shows and stuff.
I don't know.
He's still convinced that he's instrumental in the Berlin Wall coming down.
Rama in chat says... They love him in Germany. Rama in chat
says, I actually like this song. I only read that so that our, you know,
thousands of listeners could hear that. That's Rama, R-A-N-M-A, likes that song.
DSSJ100 Matt says, we got Hofrolled.
Yes you did. Yes you did. Alright, a little
more gaming news than the classic Game of the Week and then a break.
If you bought Rock Band 2, you'll know that on the back of your manual, it says you can get 20
free tracks available at a later date. Well, that later date is
now November 4th and there are 20 different tracks you can get.
And to be honest, I don't know any of these artists at all.
So, real quick I'm going to read them off. The 88 Sons and Daughters.
Authority Zero, no regrets. Between the
Buried and Me, prepare to the sequel.
The Cab with Bounce. The Chevelle's, get it on.
The Cocktail Slippers, give it to me. Dealership
with Database Corrupted. End Ever After
with I Wanna Be Your Man. The Ghost Town's Ashes to Fire.
Hollywood Undead, Young. The Cutlass,
The Feeling. The Len Price 3,
If I Ain't Got You. Lesley Roy, I'm Gone, I'm Going.
Opiate for the Masses, Burn You Down.
Semi-Precious Weapons, Magnetic Baby.
Shamius with Like a Fool. Magnetic Baby?
I don't know. The Nuno 2, Crazy Tuesday.
Tickle Me Pink with The Time is Wrong.
Under oath with Desperate Times, Desperate Measures, and X Japan with
IV. I have no idea any of those songs.
I know that actually we were really excited about getting some X Japan.
But hey, at least they're free, and free is awesome.
No bitching, it's free. And there might be some cool songs in there that you've never heard of before.
So make sure that you register before the 4th, I mean you probably can afterwards, but if you
want to make sure you get it day 1, register at rockband.com slash
bonus tracks, and they will send you an email with your code
to download them once they become available.
Awesome. What about what they're releasing for the people that want to pay?
Well, for the people that want to pay, there's going to be some other stuff coming out as well.
Including, they've got Hong Kong Gardens,
Kiss Them For Me, and Killing Jar.
Yay! And that's all by Soozee and the band Cheese.
Yay! Which is like one of the greatest bands ever. Dammit by Blink
182, that song that Rob was talking about the little girl singing earlier
in Sing Star. Let's see here, looks like
Metal Onan by the Silver Star, or Silver Sun
Pickups. Well Thought Out Twinkies by
or Twinkles, Twinkies would be funny though. Well Thought Out Twinkles
by Silver Sun Pickups, and Pretty In Pink by Psychedelic Furs.
That's cool. You know what though, who cares, because it has Soozee and the band Cheese
in it, so all the rest of that is just crap.
Oh my god,
Rob are you straight now? No, I just
love Soozee and the band Cheese, they're awesome. She was on the Basement Jacks song too.
They had a really cool video on top of it.
There you go. Kish Cash. It's funny, my band right now
thankfully, because I'm not playing Rock Band 2, but my friend is on my account
so it counts, but we're in the top 600 now.
Wow. Dang. Yes, I know, I'm
very pleased at my progress in the game. Oh, just to let
people know, our band name at my house is Detachable Penis.
Like the King Missile song. Did it not get banned? No. Interesting.
The one I've been playing in mostly is actually Shane's band, it's Emergency Kittens.
That's the name of our band. Does the Sassy Squad sing backup? No.
That's just a Warcraft fan. But is Fluffles Trainset the third?
No. Alright, hey, by the way
if you want a real band game, you know, the hell with Rock Band or Guitar Hero
get Rock Revolution. No, I'm kidding, I'm just so kidding. No, you want this
Strong Bad Episode 3, The Baddest of the Bands
is coming out. It's Episode 3, it comes out on the PC and WiiWare
when? Right now. Or Monday for those of you listening live, it's tomorrow.
October 27th, it's going to be as always 1,000 Wii Points or
$10. That's coming out from Telltale Games. So there you have it
those of you that are enjoying the Strong Bad games probably want to pick that up. And if you haven't
picked up a Strong Bad game yet, you might want to do that. And yes, I'm talking to myself
because I still have not played the Strong Bad series. I really need to. Is the
ban over, Rob? No, you know your boycott's not over yet, is it? No, I can play it on PC.
That's right. So that's what I plan to do. Oh, your boycott, because your memory
is full. Yeah, I'm boycotting the Wii download stuff. Your memory is full. Although, well
I don't know, I'm iffy on it because they have announced the remedy for it.
Wait, what did, have you already announced that on the show, what the remedy is? Yeah, they
did announce they are going to let you run things off SD cards. But when's that happening, though?
That's a thing. So that's going to be a patch, right? Yeah, probably a patch. Alright, anyhow
hey, we're not even halfway done with this show yet, if you can believe it. We're going to take a
break here pretty soon. But first, we always like to end part A of our program by
taking a trip to the past and revisiting the archives and
trying to pick out a classic game of the week. Now, as I understand
though, tonight's game, because it is episode 300, Dark Sakura had to
pick like a fucking epic classic. Am I correct? I sure did.
Alright, well let's get to it.
My classic game, actually I'm not going to say the title of it to
begin with. It should begin with the intro to the game.
Which everyone will get from the first Tones.
And I'm getting grins from over here looking at my laptop.
Oh my god. Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
That only sounds like a porn star.
Oh yeah. Do we get it yet
kids? Oh yeah. No it's not Castlevania.
It's Gutsman.
Oh yeah. Tora is the first person to guess.
And stop spamming the room now please. You get a no prize.
Stop it! Okay, someone kick Tora out of the chat room please.
Right the fuck now.
Thank you. Okay, the classic game is Final Fantasy
6, which we got over here on Super Nintendo as Final Fantasy 3.
Play the best music in the game ever please.
This is the overworld music, which is also called Terra's theme.
Although in the Japanese version her name was Tina.
Best music in the game. Sorry.
That's just my own opinion. And Sausa's best game ever.
I think this is probably one of the best video game songs ever.
This game is the reason why I skipped a week of high school.
While I had the flu. But that's beside the point.
My flu was prolonged. No, no. I started off having the flu and my grandma rented the game for me.
And I ended up just having the flu a little bit longer than I really did.
But the one thing about this one is it was the first in the series
that was not done by Sakaguchi. It was done by Yoshinori Kitase
and Hiroyuki Ito. And this is
considered pretty much the pinnacle of it. Although I really, really like Final Fantasy 5
a whole lot too. It has the largest
playable cast of any Final Fantasy game to date.
Pretty much it's standard Final Fantasy.
You have your overworld map and you have your dungeons and you have
your towns and you've got your chocobo
and you have your airship and random encounters on land.
This one also has your
espers which give you your magic and you keep improving.
And it's still menu based combat. I mean it's Final Fantasy
basically. There were a few different
innovative attacks. Like Selle's had the runic attack which could reflect
magical attacks back at somebody.
Although I'll be honest, I rarely ever freaking use that except for that one battle where you had to.
And I'm actually still playing this right now too.
But this has, for the active time
battle system, you actually can pick any character that has
filled up their action bar and you don't have to pick
the first one that pops up. You can actually change out which one you want to use as long
as their bar is their first.
And this actually was incorporated into later ones. You could customize
your characters by your relics to change their stats.
You could work with their spells a little bit. You could equip their
magicite which is like I was saying is basically some of the espers
helps with magic. They have the magic acquisition points for each time.
You gain APs. You level up. This particular game
is where basically you've got
this one girl named Terra in the Japanese version. It was
Tina. And they find her and she can do magic.
And everyone's like, Oh my god! Magic! I'm going to barf! And then the rest of the story
comes off. This also has Kefka which is the
most annoying laugh
in a video game ever.
Somebody poison the water hole!
But he had the best boss theme ever.
Actually I really like Jenova's better. But anyway.
The one other really cool thing that I thought about this game is that it's very
punk. Really it is. I mean you've got
steam powered mecha in the game. It's all very
early industrial. Magitek. You have your magitek armor.
You've got you know the empire in that is pretty much
a magical industrial type
mesh. I know it's so fantastic. And you have toilets in it. You can use the toilet. Did you know that?
What if you don't use the toilet? Because in Sims that's not good.
If you're in the empire castle or whatever
and you're in one of the cells you can actually sit on the toilet and squat down on it.
And then when you hop off the toilet it flushes.
Do they take down their little pants to do that?
No they have a trap door. They do? Okay.
Also Saw says it has the freakiest clown in a video game ever.
But you've got some of the best characters in this.
I actually really liked
GoGo. I really liked GoGo.
Because of the weird stuff he did. I loved Gal who was the
little feral boy. And Mog wasn't
you get Mog.
I don't know why we're having mic issues in studio.
Is it? Oh keep it away from interference. I'm sorry. But Rob do me a favor
Alright I'll try to find it.
This game had the single most hardcore awesome character in it.
Which was um. We'll get to him in a second.
But the main characters you have Terra slash Tina. You've got Locke who's your thief.
You have Sillies who's treasure hunter.
You have Sabin who's your martial artist.
This is a special rendition of it. Oh no wait. Here we go.
But here's the man.
Shadow the ninja. Who we used to call Snake Eyes.
And you have Realm was cool. She had the drawing
attack. And you had her grandfather who's the blue mage. And you had
what's-his-face who looked like Billy Dee Williams.
Who was the Doma castle guy.
But he looked like Billy Dee. Sorry he looks like Billy Dee Williams.
Edgar was the best. I bet he does. Edgar was awesome.
Because it was all about the autocrossbow.
And the chainsaw.
And the graphics actually were
the characters were designed by Yoshitaka Amano and they were
actually converted to sprite.
And there were also
in the Playstation version that came out later
the actual videos that were in the game
were directly from Amano's designs. That was pretty cool.
It was one of the, it's not the first one that used mode 7 but it used
extensive mode 7 in this for lots of
scaling and scrolling. It was really fantastic.
When it was localized there were changes
like a little bit of nudity. For
example. One of the painting bosses.
Yes one of those. Also
different characters for their full names. They romanized them differently
so that they would fix a six, fit a six character slot.
They were also changed quite a bit from Terra to Tina from
Mash to Sabin. From Kayen to Sion.
But I think that they
picked it in the way that people would most be able to
relate to it. Text, a lot of
dialogue was shortened. Because again
it could only store a certain number of characters
and I'm sorry Japanese lends itself a lot easier to extended conversation
within a limited character allotment because it's syllabic and
English isn't. This
is so awesome.
This is the opera scene which is
to this day I think one of the most memorable ever scenes
in any video game ever are.
It really is. Did you see
what they did for the Dear Friends concert
where they did the opera scene
in Japanese. I saw YouTube of it. It was just
fantastic. It was so beautiful. And here's actually
one that we should realize
about the music. We've kept bringing up the music during
this. It was actually done by Uematsu
who wrote all of the music in the game.
Did everything for every location, all the battles
different themes. They actually use the music
from the games in Japanese music classes in Japan.
Also they wanted to
use an actual voice for the opera but the SBC
700 chip would not allow an actual
voice track so that's why they used
the...well it would basically be
the Vox Organa or Vox Humana thing
for organ is what I recognized.
The sound chip itself didn't support the voices but later on
you had games like Tales of Fantasia and Star Ocean that did have
actual voice samples. But we're talking about full vocal track.
It wouldn't support a full vocal track. It would support
something that was short.
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace. It's about as much as you can get.
Or the clay fighters opening.
For the Final Fantasy 6 Grand Finale
album it actually was rearranged as an aria using
an actual singer in full
accompaniment and this version was also in the full motion
video in the Playstation version so it was pretty cool.
You can actually get...I've got the full soundtrack
to this. You can get all kinds of arranged versions but there's also
some pretty good versions of this
some of the music in the game and some of the Final Fantasy compilation
discs. Although I still think
that the best of the compilation ones, which I don't think has any from this game in it, is still
Celtic Moon and Prey was very good. Prey had some stuff in here.
We did, like I said, we got a Playstation version
but there's also Final Fantasy 6 Advance
which came out on DS. There's four new espers in this one which is
Leviathan, Gilgamesh, Cactuar and Diabolos.
I think it was on Game Boy Advance. Sorry, that's the Game Boy Advance one.
I wish it was on DS, that'd be awesome. Yeah, well that's the one I've been playing through until my
DS broke. Also
for this game, as of March 31, 2003
it shipped 3.48 million copies worldwide
which is 2.6 million in Japan alone and
860,000 overseas and continued to be one
of the best selling games of all time. Did you, in that week that you were home
with it, did you beat it in the week, did you play it like non-stop? No, I didn't actually.
You should have. I've had tons of other stuff to do. I'm in school, dude.
Anyway, another neat thing about this though
and this is what made me all hyper, is that when
I don't know if you remember when the Nintendo 64 was in
production, or sorry, when testing, they actually made
a demonstration for the Nintendo 64 using
the cast from Final Fantasy
7 in a big battle, I think versus Bahamut
which I found video of finally and it's freaking crazy looking.
Which is what we're looking at right now in studio. It was gonna be too expensive, right, to put
on a cartridge to do the game, right, for Final Fantasy 7?
Well, basically it was actually done on Silicon Graphics hardware
when they first put it out, but Square hadn't yet committed
and the technology in the game was
not up to their parts. They actually wanted to move it to PlayStation for the sake of full motion video.
Which the PlayStation, of course, could easily handle.
But the demo actually had
Terra, Locke, and Shadow.
And it was controlled actually through using a mouse
instead of, you know, actual, like with a control.
There was also Final Fantasy 6, the interactive CG game
which was actually also called Final Fantasy X.
Not a Final Fantasy X, Final Fantasy X.
Which was the same demonstration, but with
better touch-ups, textures.
Oh no, this was basically...
But this was basically what they were using.
It was a sort of
touchdown version that they were using for the Nintendo 64
demo test, but this was more
to demonstrate the actual use of CG in the
thing, so that's pretty cool.
So that's our classic game is Final Fantasy 6.
Oh good, because I was running out of music. That was long. That's alright. It's worth it.
That game deserves it. I knew that this game would require a ton of
attention, so
how could we not dedicate more time to it? And it's Episode 300.
I mean, hell, we have to pick the pinnacle. Alright. I don't know how you're going to follow that
next week. Alright. Because it's not better than Super Metroid.
Whatever. You know what? Honestly, you know, I actually like
Final Fantasy 6 even more so than I do Chrono Trigger, so if any game you're going to say competes
for the best game of all time next to Super Metroid, I could see Final Fantasy 6.
I would actually say Final Fantasy 6 is overall...
Now, I used to say I really liked Final Fantasy 5
a whole lot, and I'll probably do that as a later game, because
of how customizable the job change system was, and Final Fantasy 3 was the
first one to do that of the Japanese releases, which was actually
really fun, too. If anyone can find a translation of it, play it. It's fantastic.
Well, they've got it on DS. They have it now, but I mean, like, the old one.
But Final Fantasy 6, I think, for storytelling,
for just how drawn in it brings you into everything, for
all the detail, and I mean, flushing toilets, a first for any Final Fantasy
game. I mean, but with the opera, by the time you get to the opera, there's
like this epic, crazy stuff, and so much has gone on already, and
you just, you're like, oh my god, this is some crazy adventure.
Plus, it's all about the
X-Zone. And the Vanish
Doom. No, it was...
X-Zone was the one I used, but it was all about that.
Alright, we're gonna wrap up, or we're gonna have no time for Skype calls in Part B. We're gonna
move on and take a break, but hey, don't go away. There'll be plenty more of Orange Launch Radio.
Some more news coming in Part B. We've got a new technology Microsoft might be
building so that people will stop swearing on Xbox Live. I can't wait to see what people
have to say about this. Yeah, I know. Aw, fuck. Alright. So anyway,
we'll be talking about that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And for those of you guys
listening live tonight, we have, for tonight's free break, your shout outs
from our voicemail. So enjoy. We'll be back in a few minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Music
Music
Hey all our crew, happy 300k. Here's the turnaround of all our
legendary DSX-B8. Yes, this voicemail is about the
value of the all our tech, or the never-ending trans class in DMN case.
Hey, hey, hey! What's up? Dan Chateau here.
So, 300. Episode
300. Wow. 300. Really?
I can't even get one. Can't get one?
Just one. Really? No.
300. Wow, man. Cool.
Yeah. 300. Sure.
Okay. Bye. Okay. Hi, it's
Goldampero. I haven't really left a message to
talk to you guys for a while, but I'm, and even though I'm probably
going to be there, I'm probably not going to be there just because of the stupid school reasons.
So, hope you guys, your 300 episode is really good and I'll
send it on the podcast. Anyway, real quickly, I want to tell my game
spot so I can stop the story. Basically, there's one for the whiteboard.
I went once with my mom a couple months ago,
and what happened was, well,
I got sent. We were waiting in line,
and the lady was, we had to wait 10 minutes, they were
ignoring us, and we were at the front of the line at the counter,
and then they had the nerve to ask,
the nerve to ask, do you want to buy an edge cart with that, because you're 10% discount?
My mom was like, no, and then we walked out. I mean,
after making us wait 10 minutes, we could tell they were pretty much a little bit
ignoring us, and you know, I know it's a bit busy, but
I mean, it's just so annoying.
So there's one for the game spot, stop, whatever
message board thing. Sorry it was a little over a minute. Later.
What's up, Orange Mouse Radio? This is Tigerclaw. I'd like to congratulate
you all for the 300th episode. Keep up the good fight.
Take care. Alright? Well, happy 300th!
Or as we say in French,
30, 30! Oh well, hell. Anyway,
hi there, O.L.R., this is SakiRipper just calling you to say
happy 300!
300 after the arms jargon. That was Swedish.
So, oh well, hell. You're us at a later date.
Hello there, Orange Mouse Radio, this is DMN, co-host of Under
Shadow, and host of the old DMN Sanity. Yee-haw!
Anyways, I'm calling to congratulate you guys on 300 episodes.
That is a fantastic match. You guys are amazing.
I look forward to 300 more, and I know everyone else
listening is, so congratulations once again on 300, and
don't rob for too much, kids. Anyways, take care.
If you didn't understand that, well, it's basically access to Mexico,
your favorite neighborhood Mexican, and I want to
congratulate Orange Mouse Radio for their 300th episode, so
congrats, and keep up the good fight.
So, basically that, congratulations.
300! 300! 300! 300!
Excuse me, is it Rob? Hey, it's Misty.
What? You know I was going to call you.
Congrats on episode 300. You know, I heart you.
I'll heart you guys forever. Bye.
Hey, Orange is on Under Radio, it's CJ Tyrant. Just wanted to say congrats on
300 episodes. That's amazing. Shout out to all the Be My Hands
out there in the chat room. You guys rock. Keep playing Be My Games.
Keep playing music games, though, too. And congrats to Rob from Game of Ph.D.
Off the hat, you. Anyways, congratulations.
300 episodes so far, looking forward to the next 300.
Have a good week, guys.
I'd like to wish you guys a good 300th episode
of OLR, so I will not be listening live tonight.
I'm going to set out to actually play DDR in a few minutes, so I will
try for today for a special AAA for you guys, so
hopefully we look into a couple hundred more OLR episodes
in the next couple of years before. And I'm going to be heading out, so peace out.
And AAA for these jammer games. Hey guys, if you're listening to your listeners,
CJ Tyrant, and I'm calling to tell you that Orange is on Under Radio is the A show
when it comes to gaming projects. And I really don't understand how much this show does mean to us
fans. 300 episodes, guys. Congratulations. Looking forward to more
A show in 2009.
Hey. Hey. What?
Did you like, um, did you upload
the thing yet? I'm working on it right now, but before I get to
upload it, there's one thing we gotta do first. What? We have to
wish Orange is On's radio a happy 300. Oh yeah. Yeah, definitely.
So let's get it going. I'm DJ Ronn S. And I'm Kudo Osagie.
And on behalf of the staff at Anime Jam
which is me, Kudo, and Sailor Flair, we want to congratulate Rob,
Jamie, and Loke, on an awesome 300 episode tonight.
Oh my gosh, 300 episodes. What are you guys going to do now? Like go to Disney World?
I hope not. They've already done Disney World. I know, it's so
I know but um tonight, I'm gonna I'm gonna listen. I'm gonna have a drink based on each one of them
So these are awesome funds tonight. You're gonna like totally plastered. I feel bad for you. I'm not gonna be fast
Yes, you are. No, I'm not. Yes, you are
Hey, what instead of arguing won't you come into the chat room tonight?
Oh, it'll be fun
So, um, Rob Matt Jamie have a great show tonight and you know, I'll be there and see you for episode real one
Hey, so we're excited
Just a little bit
All right, awesome. Have a good show tonight. See you laters
Welcome back everybody to episode number 300 of orange lounge radio in this Sunday evening, October the 26th
2008 just a reminder. There will be no show next week
I'm just due to the fact that hey
We deserve a week off after 300 episodes and the fact that I'm having surgery and I'm being held up by Loki
Dressed as sack boy, which you can see on our Justin TV feed at Justin TV slash orange lounge radio
Right now he's holding up tipped gunny. Oh, he's holding up the Justin listeners with a gun. That's that's lovely. Where'd you get a gun?
Okay, I'm like where the hell who got you a gun Rob I have airsoft guns, all right
Pistols, all right
Anyhow, I know we want to get to the skype line. We got a lot of people want to call in tonight
We're gonna try as many calls as possible
But first we got a little more news to get to and Loki you ready and situated there ready to get us back into some
Gaming news. Yeah, of course. All righty. All right, so
Starting things off as I kind of hinted to earlier pin aircade adventures episode 2 is coming to Xbox Live Arcade and PC
on
October 29th
That's awesome news. No word on ps3 yet
Probably just because they just finally got the first episode so give it a little bit more time
but it will be $15 on both platforms and
Will be all sorts of awesome. So sweet. It better be based on that recommendation
Well, it's supposed to be the first one was kind of fun. So we don't see why the second one would be as well
Well one thing you might not be getting to do when you play this game online
Even though you don't really play this game online, but other Xbox Live games would be you probably won't get to swear much longer
Apparently the US patent office has granted a patent to Microsoft for real-time censoring of audio streams
So, you know, this is pretty self-explanatory
Probably what Microsoft wants as far as they want to be able to censor what Xbox Live is probably most known for
Is the fuck fuck fuck fuck, you know and all that stuff that you hear when you go on Xbox Live, by the way
They can't censor this show. Haha
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
You know what though
You know what a writer on Ars Technica though Jonathan Gitlin though
Brings up a really kind of scary point think about this because you know, this is the technology, right?
I can also envisage a much sinister role
However, imagine the same system applied to digital telephony then think how valuable such a system might be to an authoritarian
authoritarian regime
As we've seen to good effect in Burma and elsewhere the ubiquity of cell phones
It's been a good thing for dissidents who need to get their message out or organize themselves
The Great Firewall of China already blocks objectionable web content from reaching Chinese computers
What's to stop cell phones from censoring anti-government conversations, too? That is kind of a scary thought
Let's hope that this isn't used for you know, anything
Pushing the limits I can imagine this is
Gonna be a scary thing if it falls into the wrong hands. So Janai brings up an interesting point
What's that in chat? Imagine censoring the angry video game nerd?
Well, yeah still just anything it's a it kind of threatens free speech. His powers are beyond Microsoft's comprehension
If indeed if in the wrong hands, I you know again in this country, you know, since free speech is in our Constitution
I don't think it's gonna be a big problem. But you know, it could be interesting to see the effect
This could have another place. I think the guy makes a good point
What if it falls in the wrong hands, but also I can't imagine that this is going to be
That accurate, you know what I mean? That'd be ways. Will it catch me if I say frack?
The thing is with what if I'm talking about my shih tzu dog, am I gonna get censored thing is Rob about free speech rights
Yeah, the government can't inhibit your free speech rights
But companies sure can when you agree to play by their rules exactly as long as you've signed the agreement saying that you're going to use
their
proprietary, you know
Software and I guess the hardware to since it's referring to the Xbox
Then they do have a right to censor any content that comes through their own
equipment it's just like a
private
Organization denying people the use of their facilities exactly. All right, I get that I get that but still I'm gonna be very disappointed
Since I pay for Microsoft service if I can't say fuck
However, knowing Microsoft and based on track history only I'm going to assume it'll probably be a switch little
You know help keep it safe for kids, which I'm cool with, you know
If parents want to turn it on but they shouldn't rely on it. That's the other dangerous thing
I don't want parents to rely on it to see it like, you know, some of those TBS
comedies where they replace it with like
Stupid words just like ordinary thing like what a fruit
French toast
Shove it up your bologna. Yes, like
Well or kazoo or be perfectly honest the whole reason that swear words are considered swear words in the beginning is
Because people have given them the power to offend and what is it that I have been saying?
For a very long time now you find this show very offensive
Oh, whatever learn to be offended the less of a big deal you make out of it
The less it's gonna matter. I mean really
The whole reason that I think you know little kids think it's fun to go out and cuss from their little kids is because their
Parents say oh, that's bad. You shouldn't do it the less you're allowed to do something the more y'all want to do it
Exactly it people do that because people do that because it raises eyebrows
Well, look folks
No one gets offended. Why would they want to do it anymore? I would love to see Microsoft's and giggles
Well, that's why I would love to see Microsoft just try and censor this next segment of ours
The FUs of the week
Fuck you with something hard and sandpaper II
to a certain closed-minded tight-assed bigoted conservatives that have been
Less than polite in regards to how they decide to phrase their personal points of view and
F you to other things that are personal. All right
Oh go and F you to my hair
Loki F you the sack boy for being so fluffy cuz
Fluffy equals hot you're kind of you're kind of fluffy Loki. I am couple that's why I didn't have to pad the front
Yeah, no needing the pad myself. Well that and it's really friggin hot
But actually luckily the sweatshirt is quite thin so it's not too bad
I actually have like jeans under the pants and another t-shirt under this shirt
so
All right, but the heads really fucking hot can't can't do anything with the head my turn
Yes, yay. I want to say F you to the people that decided to call me faggot yesterday
Well, I was out protesting prop 8 we were out there on the streets holding signs
You know, I had a big thing said, you know protect civil rights and all stuff
there was a group of us out there and some guy as he drove by decided to yell faggots and throw candy corn at us cuz
That's that's the world. We live in folks. No, I don't know whether to be angry or happy that no
It's like it's like and one hand I'm offended by what you said in the other hand candy corn
Not when they've fallen on the dirty-ass Street. I'm not oh, that's just not except that is I guess
So not only did he say faggot Loki. He wasted candy corn and if you don't know
You don't waste time. I'm sorry
Is is it wrong for me to mention that we're supposed to learn to stop throwing things and having food fight
Yeah, when we're in kindergarten
Yeah, and then oh, yeah, and then the lady as she was coming out of the drive-thru
No, here's the best one the lady coming out the drive-thru faggots. You're all going to hell
That's what she yelled at us. They should have thrown skittles. No, you know what I said, I yelled back
I said God loves a bigot too. That's what I said back to her. Then she drove off pissed off good. So
You know and so don't sit there and tell me this proposition isn't about hate and discrimination
Cuz I'll tell you what I've seen it right in the face and it is so yeah. All right
Moving on some real quick F use from our guests because we have a lot in studio
We'll start with Drew since he has a mic. All right F you to my student government for
being assholes about the whole proposition thing agreed, I didn't vote him in and
They're trying to speak for the entire student body and I don't like it one bit actually I did to go with this
I might have mentioned this earlier. There was a girl who was driving in front of me leaving school
We forget the same school and she wrote on her car. No to prop eight. The ARC Student Council does not represent me. I
approve of that
but
Also F you to people who are taking the zombie event in while a little too far and taking the hordes and hordes of zombies
People taking Wow too far to the low B zones and killing all the low B's are trying to start out
That's not cool. I mean, yeah, it's zombies and it's brains, but it's not cool. Don't be a dick
All right, pick up boy. Do you have any F use of the week?
I'm gonna send a nephew toward
the bimbo of politicians everywhere and I don't even think I need to you know,
Go any further with that because everybody should know who I'm talking about
But so I shall pass the mic on
Arcadian 42 fuck you to 65-hour work weeks. They suck
put me behind like
Way way behind on everything. But oh well give me money
Good money is good. Doctor. Fuck you to expert on DDR because I look like a douche trying to do it nice
And lastly Mel Chan anything you want to say free no fuck use for Mel Chan. All right
All right, that's it for the F use of the week dark Sakura take us back to some gaming news and stuff happened the end
Okay, it'd be soft
as actually working on the latest I know game and
Actually have had to push it back a little bit
As well as one that they have literally called an as yet unannounced
Franchise they were gonna release it to the 2008-2009
Fiscal year, but it's actually going to be oh nine ten. We don't know what this is. But I know I'm 1404 is
a
settlement building game
This speaks for itself
There's there's a trailer around if someone wants to look at game trailers. I'm sure there's one there
But the other one they're not saying what it is, but they said that it's an unannounced one. So
Maybe it's a brand new franchise
could be
Hmm
well
Something unfortunately hasn't been delayed is an update to the Wii firmware. That's now
disabling the homebrew channel from being installed
other possible
problems faced with that are some
homebrew programs not running also
the
video player that they had that also allowed you to watch DVDs is not working as well the end player and
Right now though if you do have the homebrew channel installed you're fine, but you won't be able to install it if you
You know do
3.3 also in Japan
They have the shop channel down right now for maintenance as they're changing all the references to Wii points to Nintendo points and other
Pre-dsi maintenance is that a little deceiving though because the points aren't going to be interchangeable that strikes me as kind of dumb it is
deceiving yes
And then also apparently right now
If you don't update your system you will not be able to access the shop channel
Which is ironic because if you think about it if they're not able to access the shop channel
They won't buy your crap that you're selling online
And you know with the homebrew stuff that it is easy to I don't know
Pirate said games that you're offering on the service
I would think that you would want to allow people to be able to purchase your games and let them have fun with the homebrew
stuff since
likely
Situation is is that they're actually not pirating games using that they're just you know playing with these home brew people
jobs I
Don't think they need jobs. It's just if there's something offered to them for free
They're gonna take the free route then rather than pay for a game that might be crap and unfortunately
There's a lot of might be crap games on the Wii
Um kloutipo in chat says so do the people who have to try and close all these homebrew exploits
Just completely and utterly hate their jobs. I see so no way someone could take pleasure from that well
I I can see the other side though. You know people stealing other people's work by pirating such games
Don't lie. This is what a lot of the quote-unquote homebrew people do I can see both sides of it, though?
All right well um I guess maybe I should hurry up and install that before my Wii updates itself because I haven't updated it yet
So maybe I should get that homebrew channel on there
I don't know is it is it gonna screw me over later if I put it on there now no you can always delete it
It's not like you're gonna buy anything on the Wii shop channel Rob. Well. I don't know this this might do the trick
It's something new that was announced this week. It's Mart racer. Do you remember the old-school game show supermarket sweep?
Dude, that's this the greatest ever that's this look. There's a little trailer here. We're playing in studio
It's yeah
Lifetime lawnmowers unpacked, but look at this you actually run around a supermarket with your cart
And you but you pick up plungers for some weird reason, but if you run into other shoppers
But yeah like it's everything you've always wanted to do in the supermarket
They're all kind of crazy out of eight characters, so there you have it. It's like it's gonna rock suit meets
Jet-set radio or something like that by the way according to Juan grill who is the studio manager for the developers Joju games?
He says that Mart racer was inspired from the shape of the wiimote
He says quote the first time I grabbed a wiimote instinctively
I grabbed it with both hands like a bar that made me start thinking on a game where you can maneuver it like you would
Be grabbing a
So that is how we came to the game as a Mat
would be grabbing a bar so there you go and if you want to play with a classic
controller you can but I guess it's probably more fun with motion controls
because you can imagine that you're pushing that cart just like a bat out of
hell up and down the aisles of Safeway it'll be lots of fun you know I wonder
because people are always afraid about you know real life taking after video
games I wonder if this is gonna cause an epidemic of like you know people running
around supermarkets like crazy let's go on a milkshake run as if this milkshake
as if this game get more stuff for milkshakes as if this game will sell that
many copies although I don't know it sounds pretty awesome to me I might
actually I might break my protest just for Mart racer because it looks that
awesome anyhow what are some other things you can download our sagra well
there is a few games coming out on we were in the UK there are there's the
incredible maze which is a 500 we points and it's different it's mazes and has
balance board support so you actually steer a ball around the maze and dodge
traps basically it's marble madness with the balance board from what I understand
there's also interior design and well an interior design game sorry called home
sweet home that is you basically take rooms and redesign them sort of like a
bizarre puzzle and it's a thousand we points and then there's Tetris party
which is 1200 we points that is minigame Tetris using the balance board and it
has online multiplayer for up to six people yeah but how many times have I
played Tetris really what just remember the epic battle with Christopher thank
you kept yelling at us again for Tetris on the DS Oh God he was a scary
motherfucker on Tetris on the DS I remember that that was some scary stuff
yeah thanks for the memories alright anyhow I'm sorry yes so other than stuff
coming on to the WiiWare service there's some interesting stuff if you happen to
own a Super Nintendo system apparently a German programmer took upon himself to
create a new console game that supports eight players his creation is a brawler
called n warp die sukent or it looks like a yeah die sakusen and allows you
to plug in two multi taps in the one and our SNES and yeah it's pretty awesome
but you can also if you don't want to I don't know say find a cart for it since
it doesn't look like there is an actual cart you can play it through an emulator
but I don't know that's pretty awesome eight player brawler game for Super
Nintendo if you want to download it the website is gra dot d force three
thousand dot de so that's where you can get that wonderful game all right well
for those of you looking forward to new Nintendo products Animal Crossing city
focus coming out pretty soon and a bunch of videos have been kind of shown up
around the internet and it's revealed a lot more about the game a lot more
details about the new Animal Crossing games and somewhere rice princess is
going yes exactly she loves Animal Crossing I do too I although I'm kind of
surprised I'm gonna be buying this game for the third time but they have made
some changes it's starting to sound like an MMO though with like a patch or
something at the new auction now she can't put up fruit or tools let's see
new chirping birds will appear in your village you get clovers brought over the
DS version of all of the objects like fossils tools and accessories show up as
3d objects the villages are gonna go back to having two different elevation
levels like they did in the GameCube you have stone bridges in the game over the
lakes and rivers that are now wider probably to hold four people when you're
playing on Wi-Fi mystery city can actually show up in the city there's
more grass in your city than dirt unlike the DS version nooks cranny and nook and
go are back as nook upgrades in the game there's gonna be a Tom Nook apron shirt
skunk is a character that will shine your shoes and change the color of them
if you have a me mask on you can't use accessories there's two new boy
hairstyles and one new girl hairstyle and so on and so just a lot of new
things that are kind of been revealed about the games you can check out some
of the various Animal Crossing communities out there or a site called
Nintendo magic dotnet which is where that list came from so there you go I
don't know dark soccer are you looking forward to a Animal Crossing yes I am I
I'm probably gonna get it I feel like I have to I feel an obligation it has that
we speak thing that'll be fun doesn't come with it it's optional so I can run
around going you're a towel all right and you know you can go right go around
these little kids sounds and just go fuck and they'll bleep it I wonder if I
can get my village lesbian back you never know no and on the on the GameCube
one we had our village lesbian what was her name I don't remember she was an
aardvark or something she had the huge nose but anyway but she let her her
house was a gym we had gym equipment inside and she wore a tracksuit so she
was totally our village lesbian she was a PE teacher definitely was our PE
teacher so we put a big rainbow sign outside of her house and she moved see
now you can now you can put a no on a because we outed her outside there too
it'd be great I can't wait to put political messages inside Animal Crossing
fantastic exactly my god it's gonna turn my second life vote for remember when we
were doing bottle message I'm gonna throw the station yes I remember that
hurry yeah you know I'll be fun with signs all right what's also totally fun
interacting with our listeners and every week you guys send us emails at mailbag
at orange laundry calm and we read some of our emails live here on air as dark
soccer is going to do right now
first email done done congratulations you have made it to 300 episodes bonus
round another 300 ready set go by the way you is spelled why oh you not the
letter you thank you no really I please capitalize your I must say 300 episodes
is freaking epic you guys are awesome awesome hasn't eaten in it by the way
after W and God why am I doing this work and by and by far the best gaming
podcast out there you were the most intelligent and comedic too if you don't
want to read this part then don't but I must say I was listening to back
episodes and if I lived in Cali I would join the rebellion against prop 8 thank
you it is stupid and no better than racism off to a better note I have been
playing just that radio future for Xbox I remember this playing back on my
uncle's Xbox is freaking nostalgic nostalgic as nos sorry the the game is
as good as any 360 game and in some ways better by the way if anyone knows where
to get the freaking awesome music for JSRF tell me I want it now by the way
just to let you know they did actually do a soundtrack that they released in
okay America rar I have the I have the lion suki on my head now but you
actually can get the soundtrack for that and we'll talk I'll see about making
sure that you acquire this sincerely geek boy 24 24 aka the youngest OLR
listener 300 for the win actually I have to say how young are you dude 14 I think
he is that's actually not too bad the email really not too bad just common
little thing I still think soccer max beats him as far as young soccer max is 13
right yeah I think the same age I think I think he had a birthday I think
they're both 14 I don't remember they had a birthday you must fight to the
death what is the evil twin look for a kid with a goatee two men enter two men
enter one man leaves this is Orange Lounge anyway hello OLR if don't know if
you've already covered this in the 299th episode but just in case I get a
smiley face and says here you can get the game and this is from Ilia aka 13x
forever and it's actually about a Metroid 2 remake this project a project
am2r where they are I'm really not sure exactly what's going into oh it's
they're remaking Metroid to actually like the the Gameboy one in color I think
looking very super British yeah it's very super Metroid is this is me but the
graphics are actually really pretty I've seen the remake so far it's very very
well done I'm I've sent a link to to that site in the chat room by the way
misty no no no no no no no don't you you don't you shouldn't feel no no some
the chatters are talking about how old they were when they started listening to
Orange Lounge radio feel very old started doing Orange Lounge radio I was
26 I was just how I was I was 23 but I was like three days before my 24th
birthday I was 26 when we started doing this show my god shoot me Rob bang my
mom's turning 50 that's the only thing mom on this you should call her you
should call her well we won't be here next week to do it so you should call
my mom later anyway oh yeah email right yes so thank you for that kind kind
email 13x forever next one oh god I don't know who this person is it's just
sauce anyway hey there olr congratulations on 300 episodes in honor
of episode 300 I wrote a song for you guys to the tune of hey there Delilah by
the plain white tees there's a link here the song runs over two minutes however
and Rob said to keep it under a minute if we send anything in she don't have a
recording of it quite yet and she did give us lyrics to it I she posted on
Twitter and I read the parody and it's very cute I it's very cute read it right
now unless Rob sure I'm not gonna sing it you can I don't have the song also
which is part of the problem you can read it okay you want me to read it I
don't know how I find it on Twitter mind let me see okay go for it okay well I'm
not singing because I don't like to sing in public so so listen to it in your
head it's dark soccer hey there olr what's it like in Sacramento I'm 500
miles away but now I'll listen to your show just for you no other podcast out
shines you I swear it's true at all hey there olr don't you worry about your
ratings your fans will download your podcast and share it with our friends
we'll tell to there's no place else would go for news you know it's true Oh
300 episodes chorus part I'm not gonna repeat it and 300 shows seems like a lot
but don't you stop give it a shot I know this show is running kind of late dark
soccer needs to read a fuse and Loki's got some gaming news and Bobby makes sky
start the show real late we have Rob snicker to that oh are we can promise
you we'll make comments in the chat room okay go ahead oh are we can promise you
we'll make comments in the chat room we want new gaming news every Sunday you
make our day hey there olr you stay cool and keep podcasting record 300 more
episodes we'll keep on making history and keep on making history like you do
Rob gets a hug you know it's all because of you that we get all our gaming news
hey there olr here's to you this one's for you
chorus part again oh oh sweet I like this in the chat room even if this song
has a giant vagina I like the song I like the parody I like the parody a lot
was very cute I am a Metallica fan that likes vagina well the next time I would
like a parody with Britney Spears womanizer no no because no all right I
also just finished playing the new spider-man web of shadows video game
that came out this past week I played the DS version which is slightly
different than the other versions but it was still super fun I wrote up a review
for your gaming leisure and I'll just tell this online for everybody it's
Avengers tower comm slash question P equals 38 and I'm gonna get the chat
room definitely go play this game it's a ton of web slinging wall crawling fun
anywho congratulations on 300 episodes you guys I'm looking forward to 300 more
sincerely if Martin thank you and I am going to wow if we did 300 more we'd
almost be 40 we got no I would be 40 so shut up no it wouldn't be 40 would I
not yet almost hmm God Rob I've been feeling old now you know hey join the
club excuse me mr. three years younger than me to you never I know death is
coming for me oh my god sauce had the best suggestion to do a womanizer to
Loki's tingle iser nice very nice excellent idea all right I'm glad to see
you agree now do it this one comes from Dan shadow man hey sexist I'm kidding I
couldn't find all the materials to make a good doctor horrible costume everywhere
is sold out of most everything I need that said I'm going to be the flash for
Halloween anyways which one game are you all looking forward to this gaming
season once fallout 3 comes out I'm gonna hibernate peace I don't know I've
already gotten most of the games I'm looking forward to I guess the only
thing I've left is resistance to resistance to is a good one now do you
have anyone you're looking for do anyone else left for dead yeah I want zombie
action to speak into the microphone which one wait what I miss last remnant
what game are you looking forward to that hasn't come out yet that you don't
already have a little big planet yeah fallout 3 hopefully this week yeah I
want to play a lot of little big planet while I'm recovering from surgery that's
the plan it'll be fun to play while you're on drugs yes that's I'm sorry
I'm also looking forward to last remnant though even though I was not a fan of
infinite undiscovery I thought that I thought that it does the beginning was
awful like it didn't want me I didn't want to play it past the first hour in
comparison to blue dragon even blue dragon I played for at least like the
first disc but the best was lost Odyssey by waste of time I swear lost us he was
the best by far that's that's it for email though all right mailbag orange
launch radio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week meanwhile
more news Loki yes anyways so of course we know about the new game coming out
halo recon or halo 3 recon apparently though bungees halo team is moving on to
other things once this is done so I don't know maybe another game from bungee
that's say not halo maybe a I don't know marathon game something like that a low
may low marathon oh haven't they said this before like oh we swear we're not
doing this before like after halo 3 but you know it says basically they were
saying that they want to work on different territory and they said but I
think when this project wraps up in a couple months that it will be time for
when the team moves on to something else and part of the team will move on
something else and part of them will probably be absorbed into one of the
other projects that are already on the way I like what a deep man suggests in
the chat room a game called j-lo get it tips it say you know we need forget it
hey you know how the PlayStation 3 has trophies well according to the u.s.
official PlayStation magazine Sony might actually be giving out more than just
trophies pretty soon it's a little quote from the magazine that people were
reading way too much into it says quote we've heard that SCA is mulling over
some sort of trophy reward system we doubt it'll be cash to the equivalent
but we suspect it might be exclusive access to early betas and the like so
you know trophies are like PlayStation 3's version of 360s achievements
wouldn't that be interesting if suddenly you could use your trophies to now get
into betas and stuff I think Microsoft should do the same thing because I play
a lot more Microsoft games and well you know and and I agree with the people that
wrote this story on the net I got no problem if it's early demos or what have
you but just to give exclusive that seems kind of wrong to me just
encourages people to do nothing but play games all day but then again this whole
thing whole world is something retarded what is your what here's the words doing
you know where for example if you have different achievements and Gears of War
that you get shit for Gears of War 2 could it be something like that that
makes you know I beat you know a little big planet when little big planet 2
comes out or something like that I get some stupid costume or something that
works that works yeah all right well we'll see what happens maybe more to
come from Sony probably in 2009 I doubt that Sony's gonna explode the end it
already exploded it puked out something called Star Wars galaxies black wolf
has a good point I got to read this in chat okay sky what's better giving
exclusive betas to people who have lots of trophies or giving exclusive betas to
people who buy core I'll take option three giving exclusive betas to me here
that's the best of me anyway in other words the fanboys will never be happy
well there is a a boy named Brandon crisp 50 15 years old who went missing
after his parents confiscated his Xbox there is a Microsoft Canada is adding
$25,000 to the reward information that will you know hopefully lead to his safe
return so they're basically doubling the amount that's already out they're
working with the Barrie Ontario authorities looking for IP addresses of
anyone who had come into contact with him through Call of Duty 4 which was his
favorite game and Microsoft is really really putting forward a lot of effort
into trying to get this kid back so basically the oh god I hate this person
how is it Microsoft's problem he who shall not be named has involved himself
what the fuck I thought he was gone let me finish making an offer to the to help
the cops try to find it and and making up some crap about a video game
addiction or whatever the fuck he's on
I'm so disgusted with him what the fuck so now they got this bar he's gonna what
go become a Canadian lawyer or something is that what he's trying to do god damn
it the people that are supposed to threaten to move to Canada are the
Liberals that are afraid that you know it's like push gets reelected just I
just go play hide and go fuck yourself already you're already so this party
can't read Shakespeare go get out of here I'm just completely disgusted I
can't even call him a human being anymore really it's he's just a part
I think he's a part at any rate for anyone who might have some information
on his whereabouts call the Berry police at seven oh five seven two five seven
zero two five I hope that someone can find this kid I just hope that you know
he's okay so stop being an asshole and get out there and look someone needs to
find it before Jack does oh my god because if he finds him we'll never hear
the end of it Wow look at all the good I do I'm just disgusted I really am
horrified you know who does he think he is he's I mean he seriously is called
cause so much harm to so many people and he can't stop he's already being
punished for it and asshole hasn't learned his lesson yet I mean seriously
the only thing that's gonna stop this guy is to lock him up in a padded room
and have him yell his insults to the wall that does not care the end let's
just hope the wall doesn't have a blog the wall fucking bitch laps him okay I'm
a wall and even I hate you all right more news we're gonna open up the
skype line very soon at one eight seven seven game ol are all right well a
legendary pictures the company that has done wonderful movies like the Dark
Knight and Batman Begins and of course some other stuff I can only wrote the
Batman stuff right now but they are also putting together a non Batman movie that
is going to be Gears of War and kind of going along with that variety is
reporting that legendary pictures may also be in talks to buy epic games why
would they do that I don't know but I guess to make more movie games awesome
using the unreal 3 engine and maybe with chainsaw guys movies with the unreal 3
engine really I'll be interesting make game based movies movie games is last
remnant the game that's supposed to that you remember square by that is the
unreal 3 engine game yeah interesting it's unreal three times curious to see
how the unreal three town unreal 3 the RPG yes Tigerclaw would like to point
out the legendary pictures also did the upcoming Watchmen movie it's coming out
it's off did they also do 300 yes I would imagine there you go all right
these some softcore porn what be hot all right well porn all right anyway one
more story for you guys tonight then we're going to open up the skype line
and that story has to do with Street Fighter 4 Street Fighter 4 it's coming
out this winter for sure says Capcom now keep in mind that Loki's them you know
next year got a good idea when this game is coming out well the rumors have all
been now that I mean originally it was supposed to like January since I've been
now they're trying to time it with the release of the movie so probably around
the time that the crappy movie comes out so yeah winner does not mean necessarily
this year winner is also January in February winner December through
February now the movie itself is being released in that time period where all
the stinker movies are released which is like a couple weeks after Valentine's
Day but kind of far away from Memorial Day yeah February 27th is when the
Street Fighter movie is supposed to come out so they assume that Street Fighter
4 will come out around that same time so the two can benefit each other so one
more than the other we'll see what happens what do you think is gonna make
more money the movie or the game the game yeah agree the game by far oh I'm
sorry I'm sure the movie will be a surprise and be this epic awesome movie
oh no except it won't yeah be crap I'm in your I'm with you all right let's go
to the skype line one eight seven seven game olr username on skype orange lounge
radio hi you're on orange launch radio who's this it's gs68 hi gs68 what's on
your mind I got around to playing the new Castlevania this week which I'm
surprised he didn't mention on last week's release dates did oh did you know
didn't we get mentioned at the end here we did I think we did keep the podcast
is a little behind so make sure you have the most current episode oh I don't
walk us I'm not down in the podcast oh well you I think it got mentioned but
anyway okay so I haven't played it yet I want to what do you think of the game
it's it's like the other DS Castlevania is more or less well I like those like
how they have like a lot of new areas now it's like one big area how does it
compare to previous Castlevania games like well like the maps for example
they're smaller now but there's like there's like more enemies so it's more
difficult and like you'll usually be so busy funny anyways that you'll hardly
notice that the amount of small especially cuz like for this game I
don't use I hardly use the map like I usually have the second screen for like
checking enemies and stuff hmm do we have any really bad beat movie dialogue
in the game um yeah the English voice acting kind of sucks and there's a
Japanese language option but for me doesn't make it any better always make
it into a language that I'm not very fluent in yet hmm all right well do you
recommend it to fans of Castlevania yeah I've been that doesn't sound like a very
solid yes kind of like a yeah I guess I mean you have nothing better to do I
guess you could do it and if it if you're looking for a game that's like
more action oriented and like exploration oriented and this is a
pretty good game to try out all right sounds good anything else you want to
talk to our listeners about today um not much really all right well we're gonna
let you go so we get some more calls to enjoy Castlevania have fun playing it
all I can yeah all right bye if you'd like to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR
his name on Skype is orange lounge radio hi you're on orange lounge radio who's
this hey hey it's Rama hey Rama what's on your mind buddy
much hi what's up everybody what's up before I begin I have you on my table
three drinks one for each of you awesome hosts well thank you very much are you
gonna drink them all right now live on air yes I am awesome
what's drink number one drink number one is for Jamie it's a uh it's something
straightforward and hard straight to the punch a shot of Jack Daniels nice whoo
all right take shit now I hope you're being responsible all right there were
there one shot number one I heard that all right man that's justin with shot
number two shot number two is for you Rob something nice and fruity of course
of course orange juice and peach schnapps sounds good is tasty sounds
quite gay all right good they have to make a more hype it and what is shot
number three pray tell I don't know I asked a friend came over to make the
drink I call it the low key codes low keys unstable so I don't know what's in
it got me paid there nice all right enjoy oh what the hell was done so how
how was it I'm still alive all right barely I'm so can I get it I'm so fucked
up right now I'm so fucked up right now how's that very nice all right well what
else did you want anything else you want to share with us tonight besides
drinking live on air kicked up rock band 2 and it's our hero world tour who at
the same time yes and which one's better the jury is still out I will say this
much when it comes to Bon Jovi living on a prayer guitar hero world tour is a lot
better do but here's the thing though here's the thing though um the guitar
hero world tour actually made Bobby say fuck on his show so I mean that makes me
really worried like not even rock revolution did that well we're gonna get
rock revolution soon but we're gonna probably wait till use copy pops up did
you notice that rock revolution has like a real like basement metacritic score
it's it's kind of sad it was getting like threes it's crap yeah it's it's
disturbing I still want to get it because I'm sick but I'm waiting for it
to go on clearance because you know it's just a matter of time
saying yeah I'll definitely yo Rama wave clear yo drink for the guests dude we
deserve I'm not getting I'm not getting up out of my seat right now if I get up
I'm going into living to play some more rock band okay someone send someone to
get you the drinks all right everybody else is asleep why don't you go to
liquor so I get some drinks true you do that I will matter of fact there's five
guests here so you better start okay I tell you what Joe Diaz in the chat room
drinking right now so she'll drink a shop each of the guests in the chat and
me in the studio all right there you go yeah all right Rama I'll let you go for
more calls have a going buddy yeah later 300 later hi you're on orange launch
radio who's this hello there orange lounge this is a character hello my
friend how are you I'm doing just fine I'm well what I call well I was quite
surprised that at last the downloadable pack this week for rock band in in the
sense that it was a few sushi and banshee songs we're really the we're
really like my we my best best news of the week actually yes I know I'm very
excited about that just it's nice to see a nice eclectic mix of music and rock
band my problem is though that that all of the three songs that are there that
are there only one of them is good actually yeah they are to be picky
there's no peek-a-boo or anything which would be rad but I can't imagine
actually playing that song in rock band that's the thing yeah well babe but that
and that you mentioning peek-a-boo is like in one way if you know if you know
the history behind that song you know that it will be quite hard in one way
since the whole song is played backwards so it's right since they have to learn
how to play it all back what would be a fun challenge mode though there's notes
can scroll the opposite way well it'll be fun yeah what else is going on your
gaming world this week not much actually not much at all I'm it's a bit it's
really a sad thing in one way since well I bought Warhammer online so when it
came out and well I have it I have played it like the number of times I
have actually played it I can count it on one hand Wow me too I'm in the exact
same boat you are and and then and then I started thinking in one way actually
since since I was it was a I check actually I didn't check out Wow went
back to Wow actually but I did see the new logins frequents the login login
screen and that actually made me go we who big frost worm yeah it's got
mushroomed well we just had a flying mushroom behave boys and girls in studio
sorry our guests are getting unruly all right sorry ahem we're a little
distracted here people are throwing things each other's studio yes go ahead
well other than that well I'm sorry I'm starting to get sort of in one way
pissed also since at the current state I have no TV whatsoever oh my god which
yeah yeah but then again but but and that's starting to annoy me really since
I want to play on my retro cut I want to I'm sort of almost really utterly want
to play so play on my player placed or play on my ps1 so since I haven't played
on that one for a long time and well I would have I want to play front vision
3 I yeah I you know you could do that whole thing where you download things to
the PSP but I don't know if they have that game on there I don't have a PSP
yeah that's the thing and and we're and with the thing that the three mo three
has come out and with the problem that that's causing I'm sort of like now just
wait really I'll just wait as usual so well I hear it for we got to uh we got
to let you go to get some more calls but I on my short man I'm sure knows anyone
way plus anyone way I thought of when I was starting to go over and it was a
weird Skype just crashed on us in the middle of that call that's why you heard
the remix that was strange I swear I didn't do anything to provoke that okay
yeah if something else is on the line I'll go to voicemail right away so we're
gonna sign back yes sorry to aka Ripper who got cut off I was weird I was very
weird but well I guess we're open for business again 1 877 game olr what what
right rice princess to send me a text and she says lovely thank you all right
hey we have another call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hi
kitsune what's on your mind oh well thank you very much would it you would
be are you calling us from inside your own Sackboy outfit you sound very
distance oh wow so I guess maybe that might be we chat on the I am sometimes
all right on right on well what's been going on in your gaming world this week
well the other week I went to Tokyo game show which was really exciting tell us
about that how was Tokyo game show what kind of stuff did you see there oh it
was huge very exciting tons of people the biggest booth is probably Xbox 360
do you think Xbox 360 is going to turn around in Japan I believe so I mean they
had a pretty big booth and tons of people waiting in line they had 105
minute wait for one game Wow what game was that I think it was the last remnant
mmm I'm kind of not surprised at that yeah because that would be the game that
is supposed to like kind of cater to the Japanese audience wow that's why e3
can't go public you guys 105 minute waits just to play like one RPG imagine
what those Wii U lines would have looked like if it was open to the public of the
nut so anyway Wow well I'm glad I'm glad you're having a good time
I want to talk about called time hollow okay and it is a Japanese game but it
was just released in the States and it is amazing if you ever heard of shadow
of destiny's for the PlayStation 1 it's much like that game in which you have to
change the past and then it causes something else to change which you got
to go back and change again and it has real anime videos throughout the whole
game I loved it so it sounds kind of like a puzzle game but with anime
cutscenes not a puzzle game it's an adventure game interesting oh Mel chance
Mel chance calling it butterfly effect the game yes okay that's kind of cool
okay all right I might have to check that out you know there's a lot of these
games that really don't show up on the radar like that that I wish would get
more coverage so I know to look out for them yeah I was drooling over it for a
while in the Japanese stores here Toys R Us and different local stores and
then all of a sudden I see it at the store on base I'm like grab there you go
all right well kitsune do you have any any other thoughts for our listeners
tonight before we let you go thank you very much I'll check out time hollow for
sure you take care bye-bye all right I like getting phone calls from far far
far away all right if you want to give us a call one eight seven seven game
olr username on skype is orange lunch radio hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this oh it's a line and mr. finally got her 360 this week wait who's
this misty hey misty wait misty did you say you finally actually got a 360 this
week yeah finally Wow welcome to the collective
congrats are you on Xbox Live and all that good stuff yet oh yeah I'm like
right in my account since the day I got the system you're gonna have to send me
a message with your gamertag now I keep my haven't been on Xbox Live in like a
week so if you already did I just haven't gotten it yet but you have to
send me a message it's it's the same gamertag from last time my elderly name
so you're already on my way oh okay that's right that's right that's right
okay I forgot you had the old Xbox it's just that I hardly ever saw you on there
okay well cool well what what games did you get for 360
main one was portal still alive I caved and downloaded beaten groovy for the
fuck of it I know it there's something about being a bimani fan at heart where
you have to give beaten groovy a try it's like rock revolution like that's
why I keep saying like God I really want to get rock revolution just because I
feel like I know it's really not worth it I know I know I have not downloaded
beaten groovy if you play that game you're just encouraging them make crap
I know I know same with beaten groovy it's like seriously what have they I
mean what was so what the fuck it does have a couple good songs in it but it
the price tag sucks the price tag sucks it only has a couple songs in it all
right gs68 says is it even worse than worse than Yaris I would actually say
no beaten groovy at least has star mine and shit it's not worse than yours but
it's better than crisis shut up all right any games coming out for 360 that
you're looking forward to misty I admit I haven't been paying too much I've been
too busy with the stuff I have got well you need to pay more attention to our
show young lady I'm just kidding it's cool it's all good
oh come on you have a city attention span so any chance of a misty visit in
the future I'm working on it I wasn't feeling good before that dentist
appointment I had the other day so I had to postpone it a pay period so yeah well
I still want to I just don't know when at least there's always Xbox Live to
connect us in the meantime all right missy any other quick thoughts before we
let you go I'm not really all right we'll have a going missy enjoy the new
360 thanks bye I'll do one more call here on orange launch radio tonight one
eight seven seven game olr username on skype orange lounge radio hi you're on
orange launch radio who's this hey this is Bobby I'm from a far-off place called
Atlanta hi far-off place call I don't I don't know if I've ever heard of Atlanta
no hey Bobby I'm glad you called in cuz worst Airport ever we're always calling
in your show in a way but no no no Philadelphia is the worst area yeah let's
oh no Dallas is cake y'all are done y'all have never been to Philly compared
to Atlanta's Airport sorry Dallas is Chicago sucks anyway sorry Bobby you
always let us call into your show but we're never you're never on ours what's
on your mind Bobby well no I was just coming it calling in to congratulate you
on 300 and you know kind of a question for you guys about your show well thank
you where do you see you yourself at episode 400 canceled no I somebody had
to say it where do we see ourselves at episode 400 um good question I'll let
Loki start probably not much different than it is now I mean as the show
fundamentally changed that much as one well I guess in a way yes it has only
talking like two years I mean seriously I mean it's since episode one we did
change from a you know show about DDR that was very random sometimes I mean my
god we're talking about the next systems I think honestly in two years it'll be
kind of about the next round of systems I think we'll try to do our best to
maintain to stay on the cutting edge of interactive tools I think you will see
Orange Launch Radio getting into video more in two years not necessarily that
we're gonna be hell we will not in the way you think like not necessarily it'll
be our mugs reading the news like it'll be fairies but maybe kind of the shut up
maybe the way like folks interact with us I think will be different I I just
you know cuz you know we were one of the first shows to really jump on skype when
that first came out and you know just in TV we weren't really the first but you
know that was a way to kind of expand through that and you know we like to try
to stay on the cutting edge of how to stay interactive with the listeners so
you know I it's it's hard to think of what hasn't been done yet
I don't know does that Sackboy costume have like fur on it does that gun is a
furry for you no it's not it's I don't know what is it's stuff it's like
sweatshirt material it's like a giant sweatshirt is what it is it's not furry
though so and no tingle hat on it no table at this time but we figured this
is the closest the listeners are ever gonna get to seeing Loki in a tingle
outfit so you gotta you gotta take take what you can no because from what I can
understand Loki likes Sackboy so it's not as fun to see him dressed up as that
is it would be to see him dressed up as tingle but it's still adorable well I
can't help it someone hasn't sold another 800,000 copies of something you
know we're working on it well we're friends forever we're putting
billboards up for it so and we're given I'm sorry I have I have a PlayStation
3 now so I can add Loki to my friends list so you don't have to be Loki's only
friend anymore but I have more than one friend now you know yeah he dumped me as
his only friend oh there are some other people that actually had a little bit
planned already they were playing it not that I could play at them because the
servers aren't up yet till tomorrow they're gonna be up tomorrow fuck yeah
so yeah can't wait so hey Bobby now that you're on the r-rated show is there
anything you want to say about guitar hero world tour you didn't get to say
on your show well I see yeah when you added that I didn't get to say on my
show that kind of cut it out oh yeah the drums fucking suck and maybe next time
Activision really should kind of look at their own equipment before they badmouth
the other ones and say hey when dearest breaks you can come by ours cuz it won't
break yeah I got I got a break because it's already broken have you thought
about checking out rock revolutions drum set just to see if it's better well I
don't think it's out yet actually oh my gosh even though the game's out the game
is out the drum sets not out until November because apparently they haven't
quite figured out the manufacturing of that either and I've played on the drum
kit and a couple times but no the actual drum sets not in stores yet it's just
the game what I want to know is the drums weren't I mean I don't think I
didn't get to play it but it didn't seem that the drums were broken when they
were showing it off what happened I mean seriously mass production I guess yeah
you know when they're take you know taking stuff like that to a convention
they a test it and make sure they only bring the units that work and you know
B when a unit breaks they have a replacement or they just closed down
that station I remember when rock band was first shown at the packs that you
guys weren't at the year before they started out with like three drum sets
and they had one by the end of the year by the end of the weekend and you could
actually see the other drum sets all like bandaged up in the corner of the
booth it was the sad depressed broken machines and I had Dan Teasdale on on I
was doing an interview with him for my show from the booth and I asked him
about you know the durability of the drum sets and while I was asking the
question I looked at the pile of depressed drum sets and he didn't take
the bait interesting well it is amazing how those guys talk sometimes they
surprised another review so far of said anything about the drum sets breaking I
don't mean there is a thread on Kotaku and stuff that they're talking about
like a game facts forum thread or something like that that people were
saying hey you know we're posted for your drum sets work or not and there's
people having problems with guitars having problems with the drum sets I
mean just a lot of them I have not seen a single post from anybody that says my
drums work perfectly that's not to say that there's none that aren't effective
but I just either they're too busy playing the game or they just don't post
on forums or whatever everybody has some sort of problem with the drums Wow well
I mean yeah I guess it's a good thing I don't buy these games for the drum parts
because I'm just not good at drum so I always buy them for guitars but still
you know if I ever was interested in doing it someday that's kind of
depressing I don't know yeah and I mean I guess now I've got to do the whole RMA
process but I'm kind of worried you know have they fixed it yet because some of
these threads you know I've looked on the official guitar hero forums which I
know are mostly negative because the people only post there when they're
pissed or can't play true but they've said you know one guy said I've returned
it three times my store has no more every single drum set that I've gotten
from the store has a different pad that's broken dang like they can't get
one that has all five pads that work maybe they rushed it maybe they just
rushed it I think that's really what it is they just didn't take the time to get
it right and you want to know what's funny is if you go to Activision's now
this is something I didn't say on my show if you go to Activision's support
site and you look at the question you know why are my pads not working one of
the things that actually says is you may need to hit it harder or softer these
drums react differently than other drum games you may have played so they kind
of insinuate that it's harmonics is fault that you're trying to play guitar
hero in a specific way in a way that works huh because it's weird because
ordinary drums they just seem to make noise whenever I hit them yeah you know
Bobby and it's just it's kind of funny coming from you because I know you're
essentially a professional drummer and you know it's just kind of funny that
she a professional drummer isn't playing the drums right apparently yeah and I
mean it's you have to smack it really hard for it to register and they say
well you may need to hit a pad harder or you may need to hit them softer and I'm
like not in that sense you shouldn't have to hit the right pad three times as
hard as the middle pad and stuff and I mean I I even plugged in my professional
drum kit which I've been passing around photos and oh man that little bit of
problem on you have to post that photo in chat because it's hilarious seeing
all your equipment just like practically on top of each other I want to ask you
though real quick um what about the guitar with the game because for those
of us that aren't so much into drums or guitars have you have you played around
with that at all I play around a little bit with the guitar and I am happy to
report that my guitar looks like it has absolutely no problem now that being
said I don't really understand the point of that slider thing the tutorial shows
you how to use it and it doesn't work all the time but I think it's because
I'm doing it wrong not because the hardware sucks but it's kind of like the
lower fret notes in in rock band I'll never use it yeah you know that there's
things that you can do with it now one of the things is that is your wah wah so
instead of using the whammy bar for for things that maybe you don't have star
power you can actually run your hand along that and it does the wah wah thing
which is kind of cool and I know weird times just for the novelty factor huh
but the guitar feels fine and they actually did add one of the one of the
actual software things for people that didn't buy the guitar that they added to
get world tour is that now you can have like one note held down and then you can
strum down a second note and a third note so they'll do chords that kind of
come on like that they're not hammer-ons but you still have to keep one note held
down while you bring the second one in interesting huh well I'm still using a
guitar hero to explore in all my games that's the only controller I have so
it's time for me to get a new one so be interesting and other than that you
know people are asking how's the actual game I've been spending most of the day
trying to get the game to work so I haven't really gotten too far name
although I will say that apparently the storyline behind the game according to
the intro screen is Kenny G comes out and hypnotizes everybody and it's your
job to un-hypnotize everybody wow that's such a guitar hero story I hope that's
fake I mean cuz that's oh that's the opening cinematic is yet like a guy with
a clarinet comes out and hypnotizes the entire crowd and so the gh symbol
flashes on everybody's cell phone and watch and stuff and they all converge
well un-hypnotize the crowd well aren't they gonna feel stupid when they release
clarinet hero later on all right Bobby we gotta let you go so we can wrap our
show do you have any last thoughts um fuck you people who brag about your
hardware that doesn't work all right take care of Bobby and bang guys we
wouldn't get here we wouldn't gotten here without you Bobby so thank you thank
take care I'll make you I'll make you late in two weeks all right bye all
right that's gonna do it for Skype tonight I know lots of people want to
get through the could or wanted to get through that couldn't sorry about that
but we do want to get back to our lives and and produce episode 301 for you in a
couple weeks quickly though some last-minute stories I want to start
actually no I'll come to you last drew as a story he wants to we'll come to him
last Loki do you have any last minute actually
dark Sakura anything no Loki then I just real quick there was a little big
planet download that was added into for Japan you know that game ape escape well
now you can download a costume for your sack boy that's actually the ape in the
game which is kind of funny also army of two is supposed to be getting a movie as
well you know it's funny we hear a lot of these movies that are coming out but
none of them come out except for like math max Payne I guess they're all next
year it's all talk until it actually happens all right so that's it I guess
for last minute stories are at one other quick little dedication here
drunami wants to do and then we're gonna go around and get final thoughts tonight
a little bit of sad news for the wild players that remember the forums
remember Ezra Chatterton he was contacted by the make-a-wish foundation
because he had a brain tumor and talked to Blizzard and had some things
customized for him had a few weapons dedicated to him had an entire tire few
characters and quest lines in his honor passed away on Monday October 20th from
a stroke and our thoughts are with them well that's very unfortunate and you
know I know there was a lot of people that actually went in and did the will
you find my dog quest that day just kind of like to because that was his quest
and his voice is still in the game so it's very interesting that you know
despite you know what's happened in offline he kind of will continue to
live on online which is really neat which is something only a video game
could do so I know that is a very sad note to end episode 300 with so can
somebody make a fart joke or something to bring us back Rob what dongle princess
thank you well hey we still have the final thoughts and here wait here this
always makes everything better guys if you're feeling feeling a little down
here I know how to make everything better
I mean hold on this always makes everything better
all right now they're all in a better mood let's go around and get everybody's
final thoughts we'll start with the guests tonight and Mel Chan thank you so
much for being here tonight and I hope you're having fun with the DS and
everything I had a lot of fun here all right come back again well we'll still
be here we're not ending it tonight where's the microphone over on this side
man Arcadia 42 thank you for being here of old-school blast from the past yeah
it's gonna be back now that you know where the studio is feel free to come
back sometime sure all right just make sure there's a show first cuz I've had
that happen where we cancel the show for a night and someone showed up anyway
poor guy um the doctor do you have anything you want to say
yep yep yep pick up boy any final thoughts it's a coral reef crikey
drew nami anything you want to leave listeners with tonight you got some red
on you Loki final thought I'm gonna win my hot
our costume contest at work I think good luck my final thought is since we're not
doing another show before Election Day please please please vote and please
please please if you're in California vote no on prop 8 and then if you do
you'll never have to hear me talk about it again and I also believe you should
vote no on for hell I'd give you my entire political opinions it's the one
about parental notification but yeah yeah vote yes for the monorail no one
damn near everything except the monorail look I honestly land even the
presidential election pales in comparison to what rights are in store
with prop 8 but that obviously I'm a little biased you can probably
understand why anyhow dark soccer your final thought reject false icons well
said all right we won't be here next week but we'll be back in two weeks
wherever you guys are on Wednesday please send some happy thoughts my way
I'm gonna need them and send a dollar to dark soccer because she wants them and
send some copies of I have judgment to Loki because maybe you'll get an even
better costume for episode 400 you never know unless you try we'll do this all
again next week if you like what you heard please tell two friends about our
show word of mouth is how we spread the word about our program but for now
that's gonna do it leave us a nice review in iTunes or something we're out
of here see you next time on orange lounge radio we'll be back in two weeks
you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange
lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday
nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge
radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge
radio or all games calm but we're probably right anyway see you next week
