Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco UK
Tonight, October 12, 2008, rumors about Blu-ray on 360 surface again, a next-gen Castlevania gets teased, and will YouTube soon sell you games?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio. We are that podcast where every gamer has a voice.
For the next few hours, we're going to talk about video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you for the next few hours, as will the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I will be not joining everybody for the next few hours.
Where are you going, young lady?
Out of body.
Alright, well have fun and let us know how it goes.
Sure thing, Rob.
Where are you going to be visiting? Are you going to go to Disneyland and back?
Yep.
Alright, have fun. Ride Space Mountain for me.
Woohoo.
Alright, and also say hello to Tech Master, Loki, who's giggling like a schoolgirl, over here.
I'm not giggling like a schoolgirl.
Yes you are. I was doing the opening and I hear, he, like, it's not your hamburger that you're eating.
No, Rob, that was the people that you hear in your head.
Apparently. Okay, great, you're going out of body.
That was your voices.
I have voices in my head. Loki is a schoolgirl?
Loki has a sandwich.
I'm watching the game, because watching, because you can't actually play the game.
Right.
Don't shoot the puppy.
Wait, is your mic on? You're very, very quiet tonight for some reason.
I have no on-off button.
Oh, there you go. Well, you just weren't talking into it right.
Alright, sorry, go ahead. So don't shoot the puppy?
Yeah, don't shoot the puppy.
The puppy walks, hops across the screen very happily, but it gets slower every level.
And you just keep getting, you know, it's a test of patience.
And if you get frustrated and you push a button, it shoots the puppy with, like, this giant artillery cannon.
This sounds terrible. Wait, this is a flash game or something?
Yes, it is.
And that's the whole game. You just sit there. Can I see this?
Can I, can I? I know this is horrible radio, but can I?
What the hell?
What happened? Did you shoot the puppy?
Oh, no, I clicked the button and it's...
You'll just have to show me later. This is horrible radio.
It's hilarious.
Apparently, Peeta has just joined our chat room and is currently protesting the show.
Oh, there we go.
Peeta's full of shit.
Oh, it's a cute little stick figure puppy. Okay, sister. Aww.
Does it bark and stuff?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't have the sound on.
This is coming from a website, rrrrthats5rs.com, even though there's only four.
Grrrr.
Okay, so shoot it.
Oh, that's terrible! At least it's only a cartoon, it's not like the real thing.
So wait, again, the website? RRRR, that's five R's even though it's really only four.
Love that sense of humor, that's something else.
Anyhow, hey, you guys are joining us in chat.
Chat.orangelaunchy.com here live on this Sunday evening.
Ew! DJ Dysentery?
Yes, DJ Dysentery. I think DJ Dysentery's listened to the show before.
I know, but that just makes me think of Pooh.
DJ Dysentery's in chat and says, I don't think there's sound.
So. So.
Alright, as Jamie complains about the climate in the Orange Lounge Radio Studio,
it was warm in here earlier and now it's really cool and off fast.
Alright, enough about the weather, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
That's how we always start off the show, talking about some video games.
Dark Sakura, what have you played this week?
I have disproven the old theory.
What theory is that?
That Airman can be defeated after all.
Because I played Mega Man 2.
Awesome.
Yesterday.
Old school gaming on, right?
Sure did.
And I also have proven that I can no longer do the blindfold trick.
Oh, you said, what level was it you could clear blindfolded?
Airman?
No. No, it was the dragon.
Oh, the wily dragon, that's right.
The wily dragon.
Mm-hmm, okay.
Well, GS68, you're great.
People for the unethical shit-talking of humans.
Puesto? I've never heard of that.
Puesto.
Anyway, Puesto.
No, PETA is people eating tasty animals.
Alright, come on, enough PETA talk.
Well, PETA's full of shit anyway.
Alright.
Well, but I played some Mega Man 2 and we actually were playing through Mega Man 9.
Dan and his buddy Jeff were.
And there's some really annoying levels in that game.
To a man's level is kind of annoying.
Is it weird to go back and visit Mega Man 2 after playing Mega Man 9?
Like, they actually have a lot in common, except 2 was a lot easier here in America.
Mega Man 2 had more drops.
And if I'm correct, the difficult mode was the default mode for the Japanese version.
It sure was.
And another thing is that we were talking about the Mega Man 2 Anniversary Edition that came out on PlayStation and how it was a lot harder.
Because it was based off the Japanese one, if I remember right.
No, it was harder than that.
It was harder than that because we went through and played on difficult mode.
Oh, that's so wrong.
What?
Sorry.
Don't shoot the puppy.
Sorry to go back to that again.
But the game does get harder because there will be little pop-up ads that come up.
But they're all part of the game.
And if you move the mouse or anything, it shoots the puppy.
So they're like, oh, I got to click that pop-up ad.
Oh, dead.
I love that.
I love that this show gets derailed so easily.
Go ahead.
Well, at any rate, we also tried a Proto Man mode.
And it's freaking kind of tough, too.
Because he takes double damage, but he has the shield.
And it would be really hard to make it through the wily stages with Proto Man.
Also, I've played Ragnarok.
Ragnarok.
Crack rock.
All right.
And I did homework.
All right, so Mega Manorific.
I also watched the debate game, too.
Awesome.
And voted.
I voted this week.
Awesome.
As everybody should.
No matter who you support, you should go out and vote.
Because voting is important.
And if you don't vote, you don't get to complain about the result.
Right?
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I only really played a couple things.
Grand Theft Auto IV, as usual.
And I also played more Saints Row 2 because that game's awesome.
Now I'm finished with the Brotherhood storyline.
And I'm starting the Sons of Samiti.
And that's kind of interesting.
And I tried to play some online deathmatch today, but it was hard to join the game.
So I ended up quitting on that.
And then I played a bit of Fable II.
And got past the child stage and started your adult life.
And really got distracted with dancing in front of people.
And then I got an achievement for it.
And that's where I quit.
So, yeah.
Awesome.
Well, you've been getting a sneak peek at a lot of early holiday games.
Because Fable II's not out for a couple weeks, right?
That's right.
And Saints Row II is out, what, this week?
Tuesday.
Finally?
Well, at least you'll finally have some people to play multiplayer with.
Awesome.
It'll be cool.
And keep finding new things to do in that game.
It's awesome.
So you didn't really spend a whole lot of time with Fable II, so you can't tell us a whole lot more about it.
Like, how does it compare to the first one?
I never played the first one, so that I really can't tell you.
Gotcha.
All right.
Well, let's see.
Moving on.
My gaming week.
You know, I've been playing a variety of stuff.
Pretty much the old stuff.
You know, the old standbys.
Warcraft and so on.
But I did check out a couple new games.
Beat and Groovy on Xbox Live Arcade.
You know, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we're long-time music game fans.
I mean, you know, the roots of our station, the name of the station, comes from old school music games.
And you actually see it show up in this game, Beat and Groovy.
Because one of the songs is by a group called Orange Lounge.
And that's kind of where the name of our radio station came from.
Well, I would usually encourage you to buy a game like Beat and Groovy.
But you know what, guys?
It's just not that great.
And I know that sounds horrible, because poppy music is a pretty awesome game franchise.
But here's the problem.
Is that they want to charge you $10 for 9 songs.
And not only is it 9 songs, but it's 9 songs kind of thrown together that you have no choice to play with but the controller.
You cannot remap the buttons in this game, which is very annoying.
Because two of the buttons use the control pad.
And actually, a third one kind of shares it too.
I play the way where you use the D-pad for only 2.
But you sometimes accidentally hit the third one if you kind of like flick the D-pad too fast.
So that sucks.
Gosh, and here's the thing.
Beat and Groovy would have been like the shit in 1998 on the Playstation 1.
Because it's probably not that different from what the first release of poppy music was in Japan.
So somebody up there at Konami of Japan is thinking,
Oh, well if the first release of poppy music did well in Japan, we're going to mirror the first release of American poppy music off of it.
Even though we're not going to have a controller and put in some different songs.
It just doesn't work.
I mean, there's so many just borked things about this game.
And it's unfortunate because there's a good game in here somewhere.
I know, I've seen it.
I've seen the import versions of poppy music, which are some really fun music games.
And it's a shame that now people who don't get music games,
or people that think that Guitar Hero was the first music game ever made,
or maybe like Frequency or Amplitude,
are going to think that this whole franchise is just total crap based off of this.
I mean, A, you can't remap the controls.
When you play online, you can only play online in three button mode.
The hardest song is three notes on a scale of one to nine, basically.
So you know this game is built to just have microtransactions added on top of it.
They're going to try to add new songs.
They're going to try to add new difficulties and all this stuff.
I really urge you guys, I don't think you should support this.
I mean, and it sounds horrible because I've always been a big supporter of Konami and the music game series,
and I love DDR, and I love BeatMania 2DX.
Oh my god, I love BeatMania 2DX.
But if this is what we're going to get, is these type of scraps, I reject it.
And I don't think we should have to support it simply because it's pop and music,
and simply because it's the game we want to see.
And I'm sorry, I reject those calls that say we should buy this because then we might get this.
I'm sorry, no.
We don't live in that day and age anymore.
If Konami hasn't learned the lesson by now that Americans are willing to latch on to good music games,
then they're just not going to get it.
So I see no need to buy this game to somehow justify them to fix it and put out the game they should have in the first place.
That being said, I did buy the game, but I felt some type of editorial obligation to because I don't get them for free,
and I wanted to give you a fair impression here on the show.
But again, this game is just so borked.
By the way, the leaderboards, you would think the leaderboard scores would be like endless mode,
or who got the highest score on this song.
Nope, it's one leaderboard, and it's for online mode, and it's not even wins versus losses.
It's a cumulative score.
So in other words, the person who's ranked number one on the beat-and-groovy leaderboard
is just the person who's played the most matches online and gotten the highest score because of it.
That's dumb.
It's dumb.
This game is borked in so many ways, and it's really, really sad.
I looked at video, and it made my heart break a little bit.
There you go.
So honestly, I mean, again, it's sad because I think there could have been a good game here,
but for right now, if you want to play a decent music game on Xbox Live Arcade, just go get Boom Boom Rocket.
It's the same concept.
You mash buttons to things when they hit a line.
It's a lot better looking.
I wish I could say the music's better in Boom Boom Rocket,
but actually that would be the one thing that Pop'n Music has on the other game, Boom Boom Rocket,
is that the song list is slightly better, even if it is nine songs.
There's some pretty good songs in it, like Moon and Star Mine and the Earth whatever song that sounds like the...
Yeah, that song's pretty cool too.
Hey, Rob.
What?
We should go to my house and play Pop'n Music.
We should.
I mean, honestly, if you want to play a great music game that's like Beat'n Groovy,
go import Pop'n Music. Seriously.
I really, really, really want an arcade-style controller.
Yeah, they are fun. I had a friend that had one.
They're fun.
It's just kind of weird that they would release this game with no controller here.
I know.
It makes no sense because, I mean, have you ever tried to play Pop'n Music on the PlayStation controller?
Yeah.
It's freaking hard.
Although it is kind of fun to try it on the 2DX controller.
Now, our buddy Bobby Black Wolf actually did this pretty awesome YouTube that compares Beat'n Groovy to Pop'n Music 13.
The note charts are the exact same, which is fine.
I understand that.
I mean, I don't hold that against them except for the fact that sometimes you have the purple and the blue notes come up back to back,
and when you have to use a control pad for both of those, it makes it hard.
You can't hit two on the control pad at the same time, and you can kind of do upper left, but it's mixed results at best.
And what if you have the purple and the orange?
Well, I guess you can hit one with the Y, but still, it just, bleh.
Doesn't work.
You need to be able to remap the buttons.
This game has just too many bugs in it.
They need to go back to the drawing board.
That's really it as far as new games.
I did play Feeding Frenzy 2, which reminded me, of course, a lot of the first one with some different bonuses,
but I didn't play it enough to give it a full review.
But I did enjoy myself.
I enjoyed myself in probably the ten minutes I played Feeding Frenzy 2 more than I did probably the hour I spent with Beat'n Groovy just having a cry.
I forgot to mention with Saints Row 2.
All the cheat codes leaked online, including those wonderful exclusive codes that GameStop had if you pre-ordered the game.
No to anyone buying anything from GameStop.
If it has a code involved with it, and it's not actually a Microsoft code where you download something off of their service, it's going to leak out immediately.
And that's fun.
They have the Evil Cars code in there.
They have a code to get, like, a pocket bike, and then you can do a code to make yourself even larger so it looks like you're just sitting down and driving that way.
Super explosions, yeah.
Reading some comments from chatroom about Beat'n Groovy.
GS68 says, when if I somehow get a job over the winter, I'll use the monies for a desktop arcade and one of the CS releases.
Yeah, that'll probably be a better investment.
DJ Dysentery says, well, props for Starmine at least.
I agree, it does seem like they kind of tried to throw us a bone or two on the song list.
They gave us some really cool songs.
But, yeah.
Well, did you notice that the game, I mean, I didn't even play it at all, but just from the videos, the game has, like, this urban vibe to it, and then there's Super Eurobeat in there.
It's like, huh?
Well, it's, you know what, this game wasn't, it's weird, because I feel like this game wasn't really made for America, even though it came out here.
It definitely caters to the Japanese style.
SSJ100Matt says, it tried to be like Boom Boom Rocket, except it wasn't fun.
That's kind of the whole thing, though, is that it wasn't trying to be Boom Boom Rocket, because this game's been out for years and years before Boom Boom Rocket.
It's just that, unfortunately, that's the impression most people are going to have of this game, because of the fact that it's lackluster in many, many departments.
And it pains me to say that.
I know there is a great game in there somewhere.
I've played pop music 11, 12, 10, 8.
I've played tons of pop music games.
It's way fun, especially with that giant controller.
This, not fun.
I wonder if they just, you know, said, hey, you know, let's just go ahead and have a company make pop music for us for the 360 and Xbox Live Arcade.
And they get it back and they're like, crap, this sucks, let's call it Beaten Groovy instead, because we don't want to tarnish the pop music name.
I think the first half of what you said is spot on.
I think this game was to outsource for completion.
And I think whoever was in charge of some of the decisions needs to be whipped with a wet noodle.
That's all.
Anyhow.
What if it, though, is testing the waters?
Then they failed.
For potential release.
That's what fucking bugs me about Konami of Japan, is that they shouldn't have to.
If you want to see if a music game is going to do good here in America, fucking look at Guitar Hero and Rock Band.
If they're not going to, God, it just makes me angry how fucking dense they are in not understanding the music.
I mean, they have a fucking cult based around these music games here in America.
And they just, they turn a blind eye to it all the time and release crap like this.
Well, it worked in Japan, so it must work in America.
Ten years ago it worked in Japan.
Times have changed.
The bar has been risen.
Wake up, Konami of Japan.
Wake up.
Rob for president.
Twelve.
No, I'm kidding.
F that.
Make me CEO of Konami.
I'll go change some things real quick.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Let's move on.
Sorry, GS68, the FUs are not coming up next.
We have those, believe me, there's other things to piss you off later in the show.
Alright, look, we've got to get into gaming news.
Let's talk about housekeeping a little bit.
First off, for those listening live tonight, last week's show archive never got put up because I'm slow.
And I got very busy this week, so I apologize.
Folks that are listening to this on the podcast, you will have already seen 297 finally fall in probably tonight or Monday at the absolute latest.
And 298 should be right up on Tuesday or Wednesday.
So I apologize for the delay.
But it happens.
Life gets in the way.
We're not the only podcast that sometimes gets a little slow, so sorry about that.
Always, there is our live journal and MySpace and Facebook that we like to plug as well.
MySpace, Orange Lounge Radio.
Live Journal, Orange Lounge.
And Facebook, OL Army.
Be sure to add us on those various sites.
And Twitter now as well, OLR.
And we'll get to the pre-show OLR Twit question in just a little bit when we start talking about Tokyo Game Show, which I'm sure we're going to get to during the news report.
But first, some news out of the Tokyo Game Show that I'm kind of surprised wasn't announced here in America, right, Loki?
Exactly.
I think, well, really the last US Microsoft press conference that they had was pretty much at, well, I guess I could have done one at PAX.
But it was pretty much at E3, and of course this game was rumored to have been about to be announced at E3, but for whatever reason they stopped it.
So they left it for Tokyo Game Show, and of course that game is Halo 3 Recon.
It's the one that they were teasing with the Bungie little viral video thing that they released, a brand new teaser trailer.
And Halo 3 Recon will be a standalone game, includes new multiplayer maps.
It takes place before Halo 3, and actually it's a totally different style of a game.
Of course you're not exactly one of the Spartan soldiers, so one or two hits and you're pretty much going to be dead.
And I think it sounds more of like a stealthy game since you're kind of, you know, recon.
And, I don't know, it looks kind of neat.
They announced it's going to be coming out in the fall of 2009.
That's kind of surprising because I thought it was supposed to be coming out in the spring, or at least it would have made more sense to come out in the spring, I think.
But, I don't know.
So I guess this is the next big Halo game that we're going to be getting.
Do you think it's going to do as well as Halo 3?
I don't think so.
Halo 3 was, I think it was one of those games where the hype really killed it.
I mean like Halo 3, I think if it didn't have all that hype behind it, would have been pretty well received.
But I think a lot of people grew tired of it really fast because there was so much hype around it and how it was just going to be so much better than Halo 2.
And then it was like, eh, it's Halo 2 but prettier.
I don't think this is going to do as well because I think it's running off the same engine.
And also the fact that unless you're a really big Halo fan, I don't know really if you're going to enjoy much of the prologue to the whole Halo 3 stuff.
I mean, to me, I played through Halo and I sort of know what was going on and I don't know, this doesn't seem that interesting to me.
Let me go on a side little adventure here and I want to talk about a story that somehow shockingly did not make tonight's show roll.
I just scrolled through to make sure it wouldn't come up later.
But you know, BlizzCon was also going on this week.
One of the big things that came out of BlizzCon was that Starcraft 2 is actually kind of getting split into three different games.
They're going to have like one game surrounding each of the different races inside Star Trek and that was some of the big news that hit the internet this week.
And a lot of people were like, rabble, rabble, rabble.
I can't believe they're going to make us pay three full games for, you know, it's one game for the price of three and blah, blah, I'm getting shafted, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all this stuff.
And I kind of look in the story about Halo 3 Recon and I'm going, well is this much different?
It is different because they've already had a full campaign for, you know, Halo 3.
This is a brand new story that takes place in, you know, a different time in the series.
Well, but Starcraft 2 is going to have that full multiplayer which is what everybody plays anyway and it's going to have a fleshed out single player story mode.
I mean, they're just kind of approaching it a different way.
Not that I'm totally defending what Blizzard's doing, but I don't see how you can say boo to that and then go, yay, another Halo 3.
I still think it's cheap though. I mean, look at like Red Alert. There's a perfect example.
The game has a few different factions and there's a storyline for each one.
Well, you know, other games have done it. They have, you know, multiple sides and they have multiple storylines.
But Halo 2's single player mode was also done like that.
So it's Halo 3.
Right, they're slightly lackluster.
The thing is, I think this should be download content. If it's going to be running off the same engine, just have it as a downloadable game, not this retail thing.
Because now if it's retail, we can charge, you know, $59.99 for it.
A lot more than you can charge for an Xbox, you know, expansion or something like that.
So, I don't know. It's just...
By the time, I guess, Halo's going to be coming out, you know, Halo 3, by the time, you know, this new game comes out, Halo 3 will probably be like $29.99.
I wouldn't be surprised if they do, like, a game of the year edition or something like that or, you know...
Eventually it'll be combined.
They're going to combine them.
Yeah, I know.
And, you know, we need one more game because, you know, what game...
We need a trilogy to complete the trilogy.
Exactly. Exactly. You know, who doesn't want three of something?
It all comes in threes, right?
I was very curious to see what our chat room would say in response to this.
The Rob D says, the difference is that there's a precedent in strategy games for putting a different campaign in for each faction.
In FPS games, there's always been an expansion pack for a new campaign.
If Halo 1 had different campaigns that were all free and Halo 2 didn't, people would be complaining about it just like they are about StarCraft.
It's not even just two purchases. It's three purchases, triple the cost.
Act F says it's basically what I said last week with the ACDC track pack.
SSJ100Matt says people are suckers, especially for Blizzard games.
And, uh, let's see, um...
It would be different if they had, like, you know, a storyline for all of them, like a campaign,
and then later on they added a new expansion that had more storyline for all the campaigns or something like that.
Break it up like that and have expansions.
I just kind of think people are passing judgement on the StarCraft 2 thing too quickly without really seeing what each individual game has to offer.
They're only looking at it at face value, going, oh, three different games? What? What?
And then I'm just going, well, how is that different from most, you know?
And Rob D brings up a good point, like FPSs have kind of done this for a long time.
Look at, uh, go back to the days of Shareware and, um, Quake.
Quake had, like, what, four different episodes? The first one was free, but you had to pay for each of the other ones individually.
But all the other four, um, or the other three campaigns that were in there were part of the retail version.
Shareware, it's just the same as saying, okay, you get one level in this demo and then you get the other ten when you buy the full game.
It's not, it's not an excuse for just adding this as its own thing.
Or, well, I'm just saying for StarCraft, that's just, I'm sorry, that's to get more money.
The whole thing is probably, oh, our game's going to be pirated to hell, so we need to sell more copies.
How do we sell more copies? We split it up into three.
Because it's not a storage issue. It's not a time issue. I can tell you right now that these are probably not going to be very fleshed out.
I mean, what can, how long can a strategy campaign last for?
I mean, not very long, so, great. Let's just do one for each specific thing.
You know, if you want to do something different, just do, like, you know, different packaging, you know, with different sides on it or something like that.
You know, collector's editions type stuff. I'm taking a wait and see approach.
I mean, you know, if games can be compared to movies, sometimes movies are released in three different parts.
And, you know, we still go see all three of them, like the Star Wars trilogy, the new one.
Matrix trilogy, even though that is questionable about its, you know, value.
But, you know, we'll pay three times to see the full movie.
But it's a full movie. It's not like I'm watching, you know, like a Batman movie.
And one of the movies is from the perspective of Batman.
Do you not think Starcraft 2 is not going to be a full game?
I don't think. Well, the way it sounds like now, I don't think each one's going to be a full game.
They're going to call them a full game, and it'll be a full campaign for one side, but it's going to feel kind of cheap because, you know, what's the other stuff?
So, say, what if I'm playing, you know, the first one and I want to play the campaign for something else?
Oh, I can't do that now. Sorry, you've got to go buy the other one.
All right, well, if you want to give us a comment on that, you can always send us an email.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com or you can call us a little later on in the program.
For now, though, we'll move on to some more gaming news, talking about 360 and some holiday bundles that are coming out.
Hooray! Free games now coming with your Xboxes.
Wait, wait, wait. This is totally new news.
I know. Never heard this one before. Well, it has been confirmed, okay, that there is now a 199 arcade holiday bundle.
And with it, you will get Sega Superstars Tennis and five Xbox Live arcade games that have not yet been announced.
Well, actually, I think the arcade games, they've been actually changing a little bit because I remember when I first bought an arcade to replace my broken system.
There was, you know, a bunch of games with it now.
I actually got a new arcade system for my sister for her birthday and it had slightly different stuff.
Like, they had Boom Boom Rocket in there, there was Pac-Man Championship Edition, Luxor 2, Feeding Frenzy, and...
A sampling. A sampling of some of the newer stuff.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's the same thing.
In fact, I would say it's exactly the same thing because for the people that don't have the bundles or haven't purchased them,
they get a disc that goes in, or they get those two free games that go in there and they put them in and then put the sticker on the box.
All right, well, if you want to jump up and get the 299 or 399 levels, that would be for the, what I just called the normal Xbox 360.
The pro and the elite.
I know it's the pro, but that's the one that most people are probably getting is the pro.
The hardcore gamer gets the elite, the person who doesn't know better and just wants the cheapest one gets the arcade.
The normal Xbox 360 is 299, or the elite for 399.
You get Lego, Indiana Jones, and Kung Fu Panda for free.
Probably those titles were selected because they're both rated E for everyone and they, you know, it's the holidays.
They're pushing the family games.
They want to push this as a family system because that's one area where the Xbox 360s always seem to lack.
And to be fair, those games are actually pretty good.
Yeah, especially the Lego one is good.
Well, even Kung Fu Panda was actually rated pretty good and it wasn't that cheap. It wasn't like a cheap movie game.
All right, well, there you have it.
Hey, one more comment on the last story because some of the, you know, because of the delay between when we say something and when it goes out to the stream on all games radio,
which is just inevitable with internet radio or even over the area radio,
reading a comment from Retertainment from the last story about Blizzard and we kind of got in that little disagreement there.
All companies want to make as much money as humanly possible.
Blizzard thinks they can make mad bucks on this deal, so they are going to go through with it.
If the community says in mass that this is not the case, they will change their plans.
But the community won't.
You know it. I know it.
Yeah, just like the community bitched and moaned, well, I should say a few individuals bitched and moaned about the Diablo 3 art style and we got a t-shirt out of it at least.
We'll see.
All right, so anyhow, yeah, so if you haven't gotten your Xbox 360 yet, you might want to wait until those package deals show up because, hey, free games!
It's hard to complain about free games. That's more than I got.
They should be out there now, I think.
That's more than I got when I got my Xbox 360.
Well, how about something that makes me super excited about the Xbox 360?
Barbie Horse Princess, part 2.
They're making a babysitting game in there?
To quote Patty from Twitter earlier, Diana Né Pompeire.
No.
Tekken 6 is going to be out on the Xbox 360 in Fall 2009.
That makes me super happy.
Super, super happy.
Because then I don't have to get it on PlayStation 3.
But, I don't know, I might get it on PlayStation 3, but I love Tekken.
I am the world's biggest Tekken fangirl, and according to Microsoft, it's going to be out on Fall 2009.
You know, and I don't know if it was ever announced that it was an exclusive, but that's one less exclusive that they get.
It was considered to be before PS3 exclusive, especially given that one of the demos for the PlayStation 3 was actually renderings of Jin from the Tekken series.
So, this was actually confirmed at the pre-Tokyo Game Show 2008 press conference for Namco Bandai.
I'm kind of curious, as a Tekken fangirl, how you feel about this announcement about Tekken going by.
And by by, I mean, of course, by system all.
Because, you know, I had another friend of mine who was pretty into Tekken who was like,
wow, that is big news for Tekken to not come out on a Sony system only.
That's huge.
No, it is. I agree.
In fact, in the past, as far as I'm aware, every American Tekken release has been out on a Sony system.
There has been a Tekken card fighter game that came out in Japan on Wonderswan.
But then again, that's Bandai's system.
We don't count the spin-offs.
Then we'd have to count Death by Degrees and no one wants to remember that game.
But then again, that's also in the Tekken franchise and it did only come out for PlayStation 2, right?
True.
So I do believe, if I'm correct, there's only ever been one Tekken game that came out on a non-Sony system.
And that was the Wonderswan.
But then again, a lot of Sony franchises did come out on the Wonderswan.
So for them to give that much of a nod to the Xbox 360, I think is very, very big.
Some of the chatters just want to throw this out there.
AlphaKananagram and Hitstun want to remind you, there was Tekken Advance on Game Boy Advance.
That's right. That was the other one I was trying to think of. I actually do have that one too.
So out of, let's see, five games tagged tournament, there were only two other games that came out.
Dark Resurrection came out on-
And they weren't, I mean, with all due respect, these other two games weren't real Tekken games, quote-unquote.
These other ones we're thinking of are arcade, ports, the base Tekken series.
We don't count these other ones.
Dark Resurrection, though, was an actual Tekken game, but that came out on PSP.
I was going to read a comment from chat.
Tigerclaw on chat says, you know, Namco has pretty much slapped Sony in the face by becoming multiplatform.
Tekken has been a PlayStation exclusive since day one.
That pretty much was it.
Especially when you had all your PlayStation releases have the compatibility with each other to go back and look at your movies and everything.
I just, I really do think that it's a really big deal.
On top of that, I think it's also going to be, I'm not calling it a nail in the coffin for Sony,
but I think it's definitely a major wake-up call that they're not doing something right.
They had been doing right when the PlayStation came out.
They had been doing right when the PS2 came out. Am I right?
Absolutely. Those are both fantastic systems.
As far as their sales went, their marketing strategy, as far as them coming out over the top of the competition,
and now they're sliding, now they're falling into, sorry, they're falling into the Sega Pit.
Well, it's interesting, though, because here in America, you know, that's kind of the general perception.
I mean, granted, there's Sony fanboys, there's my, you know, every console will always have its fanboys until the end of time.
However, but in Japan, I'm kind of looking at this and going, is this really going to make a difference in Japan?
I mean, I don't see this moving Xbox 360s in Japan suddenly.
I just don't see this, you know, in my mind, this is more of a, hey, let's get Tekken 6 to more people in America.
I don't think this is going to mean a hill of beans in Japan. I think most people will still get it for PS3.
Keep in mind, though, the Saturn did very well in Japan.
True.
And the Saturn did not do well over here because of marketing.
They didn't bring out the games that the fans were interested in.
They didn't market the system properly.
And now that's happening with the PS3 over here.
They're basically pulling a Sega.
They're trying to rest on, oh, well, we had this system back in the day.
Yeah, but what do you have now?
The Dreamcast was fantastic, don't get me wrong.
The Saturn to this day is one of my favorite gaming systems.
But did they have the right support over here?
No.
And what's happening to the PlayStation 3 now?
It's losing its support.
They're not doing something right.
Well, the PlayStation 3 is always going to be a Blu-ray player that plays games.
That's what I agree.
This will not put Sony out of business.
There will be a PS4, but we just kind of hope they, you know...
If they do a PS4, I think the PS4, they're going to have to turn some shit around before they can actually make it anything that's viable for their company to bring out.
Else they're just going to have to go back to making TVs.
All right.
We're getting a little too much into the whole console war now.
And yes, GS68 bless you for SEGA Sanchiro.
SEGA Sanchiro was awesome.
Let's move on. Let's go back to some more gaming news that I think will also make a lot of folks happy.
Yeah. Well, you know, of course there are many games coming to both consoles out there.
But one date that they did announce was the release of the brand new Resident Evil 5 that will be coming to consoles March 12th.
And, of course, that will be coming to the 360 and on the PS3.
And it's all sorts of awesome.
It's like Resident Evil 4 HD.
I don't know. This game looks freaking sweet to me. I'm excited about Resident Evil 5.
And I barely even played Resident Evil 4.
Well, no, I actually spent quite a bit of time on Resident Evil 4. It was a tremendous game.
But I'm just excited about the whole, like, you know, high def and scary scary and all that good stuff.
It's pretty good. And now they have co-op, so that's awesome.
Well, another sequel that's making a lot of people go, huh, is 99 Nights 2.
That's right. It was confirmed at the Tokyo Game Show that 99 Nights 2 is coming to the Xbox 360.
But as far as when and how much and what's new about it, nope, no information on that yet.
Just the fact it is coming.
I know a lot of people like to hate on 99 Nights. I didn't think the game was awful.
Like, it's kind of how I feel about Beat and Groovy in some ways.
No, actually, I don't know. I have that same feeling of 99 Nights, there's a good game in there somewhere,
but there were just a few flaws that kind of kept it from being great.
Well, look at, like, Dynasty Warriors. Why does that game sell?
I mean, they literally, seriously, they put out three different versions of pretty much the same game
each time that there's a new release.
You have Dynasty Warriors, Dynasty Warriors Empires, and Dynasty Warriors,
God, I remember the XL or something like that, Extreme Legends.
And they're all practically the same.
I mean, I don't really play the series too much, but your average consumer is going to look at all three of those
and go, I don't get it. What's the difference?
And really, that's kind of like, with this game, it's basically like a Dynasty Warriors clone,
so the next one comes out, I'm not expecting they're going to change much, hopefully fix some things, and that's it.
Well, you know, they only need to fix a few more things for this game to actually be pretty kick-ass.
I enjoy myself. I like the game.
Rama says, Sky, don't you have 99 Nights? I do. I bought it the day it came out.
But I'm also, you have to remember, I'm also a whore for Q Entertainment.
I mean, seriously, anything Mizuguchi does, I'm going to buy, because he's one of my favorite game designers,
except Gun Pay. I never got Gun Pay for some reason, but it's on my list.
Can you imagine how awesome Beat and Groovy would have been if Q Entertainment had made it?
I think Q Entertainment should make a game done right, anyway.
Anyway, that's for another day.
But 99 Nights, you know, obviously 99 Nights, as much as I want to say, it's not as bad as you all think.
Okay, definitely the game had its flaws. It did get boring after a while.
I just hope they can fix some of it with 99 Nights, too.
There's a good game in there somewhere, and I hope people don't totally pass it off on name alone,
because, hey, sometimes games don't get really, really good until the sequel.
For instance, Mega Man.
A lot of people don't remember Mega Man until Mega Man 2.
It's not to say the first Mega Man was bad. It was just, you know, just needed a few tweaks,
and then Mega Man 2 was awesome.
Of course, then again, I wouldn't even compare Mega Man to 99 Nights,
so I don't know where the fuck I'm going with that analogy.
So why don't we go on to the next story?
I don't know where the fuck you're going with that analogy, Rob.
I don't either. I'm obviously drunk.
So how about something else?
How about it?
Well, you know there had been some rumors about there potentially being a Blu-ray drive on the Xbox 360?
Every week there's some damn rumor about it, yes.
Well, here is the official word.
Dun dun dun.
This is a quote from one of Microsoft's representatives.
It says,
As we've said before, Microsoft has no plans to introduce an Xbox 360 Blu-ray add-on.
Games are what drive consumers to purchase game consoles,
and we remain focused on providing the largest library of blockbuster games available.
And that's a direct quote.
Allow me to translate to all the bloggers around America and throughout the world, really.
I want to provide my translation.
Oh, please. Go ahead.
Shut the fuck up!
That's exactly what I was going to say.
Shut the fuck up about the Blu-ray on Microsoft.
It is not happening.
And if it is going to happen, we'll fucking tell you a long time from now,
because it's just not something we're interested in right now.
The whole thing that brought that up was that there had been a rumor that Microsoft had commissioned
the hardware to be made with a Toshiba Samsung.
But, no.
And you want to know what?
I love my HD DVD player on it.
But, going back to what I was previously saying about what Sony is doing wrong,
I think that's what Sony's doing wrong.
They're not focusing on the games, and that's what Microsoft is doing right.
Well, but is that necessarily a bad thing?
Because I look at the PSP and I go, eh, not my favorite gaming system first,
but the PSP does a lot of cool shit that I like.
It's kind of like an all-in-one little device.
I can name people off the top of my head who've bought the PSP not as a gaming system,
but as a multimedia system.
Exactly.
But when I think handheld game system, I think of my DS.
But what's so wrong with the PlayStation 3 taking that same kind of concept about being a home entertainment device?
Because when someone's going to buy a console, it is going to be because they can play games on it.
That is, I think, the end all of what a video game console is.
It can have all these nice pretty special bells and whistles,
but in the end, no matter what, what do we always say?
The console is only as good as the games that are on it.
If they're not putting good games on it, what good is the damn console other than, you know, just playing a movie?
I know somebody who owns a PlayStation 3 for nothing but Blu-ray.
They don't own a single video game, just the Blu-ray player, because it's a cheap Blu-ray player.
So it's like, what's the point?
You can buy Blu-ray players.
One other thing I kind of want to point out, you know,
Microsoft has a high-definition movie download service, and they're rolling out Netflix pretty soon.
Do they really want a Blu-ray player? Probably not.
They probably want to go to this whole digital distribution thing, because there's a lot of money to be made there.
I think that's where it's going. I really do think that that's the future of our media, you know.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised that ten years down the line, you'll have a hard time picking up physical media.
It's all going to be downloadable content.
All right, well, there you have it. No Blu-ray, so you just stop spreading rumors about it. Shut up. Please.
Meantime, though, we've got a lot of other releases coming out that are confirmed and will be happening, right, Loki?
Yes, there's plenty of stuff coming out, because we're now in the fourth quarter,
which is where all the game companies like to hide their games.
And starting off, and of course there's a lot of crap out there,
Army Men, Soldiers of Misfortune for the Wii looks like a piece of shit,
and Avatar The Last... Please, tell us how you really feel.
Well, okay, let me put it this way. It's by a company called Zoo Games, and all their games have sucked.
Avatar The Last Airbender Into the Inferno.
Hopefully the achievements take a little longer to get than, say, the last game where you could get them all in about five minutes.
And that'll be out on the Wii, PlayStation 2, and Xbox 360.
Blitz League 2 coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360 this week.
TAC The Guardians of Gross on the Wii and PlayStation 2.
And of course another TAC game for the DS, Mojo Mistake.
Bratz Girls Really Rock coming to the Wii and DS and PlayStation 2.
We've got, let's see, Pray the Stars, which apparently didn't come out last week.
That is on the DS.
Rob Dine, that's available on all platforms.
Resuscitate the Radio Host. I'm okay, I just drank... Oh god, no, I'm gonna choke again.
Shitty radio, keep reading dates.
Littlest Pet Shop. They are putting out a ton of these because apparently they think they are Nintendogs.
Littlest Pet Shop Winter, Littlest Pet Shop Garden, and Littlest Pet Shop.
I know there's one more. Those are all coming out.
The Littlest Pet Shop on the Wii and the rest on the DS.
Poker for Dummies on PC. Brain Training for Dummies on PC.
My Japanese Coach on DS. That's one I'm actually looking forward to checking out.
And let's see, SOCOM Confrontation coming out this week.
You can get that by itself and with the headset or download it on the PlayStation Network.
Saints Row 2 is coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Highly recommend checking that out.
Cesar Millan's Dog Whisperer on the DS, if you happen to own a dog.
And you like to talk to dogs.
I like to talk to dogs. Get off me, dog!
Do they talk back?
Only when I'm high.
Penny Racer's Party Turbo Q Speedway, that's the localization of Qoro Q.
Wait, what? That's a Qoro Q game?
Yes, it's a Qoro Q game.
Sweet!
Tenpin Alley 2 coming out on the Wii. Another bowling game.
And, let's see, Rock Revolution on the DS this week.
Oh, goody goody!
Golden Axe Beast Rider on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Oh, and Rock Revolution will be coming out also, I believe the game only version, on all platforms except for the Wii.
I don't know why the Wii got delayed. Probably not done yet, making a crappy game.
Dokapon Kingdom on Wii and PlayStation 2, the party game where you're supposed to lose your friends.
And FIFA Soccer 09 is coming out on all platforms.
Sam & Max Season 1 finally coming out on the Wii.
A little late there.
Dead Space coming out on PlayStation 2.
Yeah, but it's a way to expose it to a whole new audience that probably missed it on the PC.
Dead Space coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Lots of stuff.
I actually think I want to get Rock Revolution. I don't know why.
I don't know, I feel like after buying Beat & Groovy this week, I just need to kind of complete my Konami the year the music games died for us trifecta.
Save your money, please.
I don't know.
Please, I urge you.
I think I'm going to get it.
One of us has to do it. For the sake of reporting on it for the show, someone's got to take the plunge.
I will take care of the game, but please.
Anyways, Safecracker coming to the Wii.
Let's see here, Hot Dish for PC.
Well, Hot Dish!
SpongeBob SquarePants, The Game of Life for the PC.
Wow, digging at the bottom of the barrel here.
Enchanted Fairy Friends, Secret Fairy.
And, damn, there's still more stuff coming out.
Cake Mania, Baker's Challenge on PSP.
World of Goo coming out on PC.
Not one person who listens to this show gives a shit about Cake Mania on the PSP.
Hey, it's a casual game, okay? Seriously.
It's popular, it's online, and then finally this might be a game you're interested in.
Rock Band 2 coming out.
Both the special edition bundles on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and the game only on PlayStation 3.
There we go.
A week from today.
There we go.
Saving the best for last.
And that is your gaming week.
How about Japan?
How about them?
How about them? How you doing over in Japan?
Xbox 360, you have Facebreaker to look forward to this week on the 16th.
That's that boxing game that looks kind of funny, right?
I don't know much about this game.
I saw it a little bit at Petty Arcade Expo, that was about it.
It's like Ready to Rumble.
Okay.
You're also getting it on the PlayStation 3, Facebreaker this week, and that's pretty much your big titles.
That's really your only big title on the current systems.
However, the Wii gets a whole load of crap this week, including Wii Music makes its way out this week.
Oh boy.
The music doesn't stop there.
You also get the Guitar Hero games are finally making their way to the Wii this week in Japan.
Legends of Rock, that's Guitar Hero 3, as well as Aerosmith, and a bundle for Guitar Hero Aerosmith.
I believe that is, again, just like last week on the other systems, that's Guitar Hero 3 by itself,
because I think the bundle was all they had for a while.
So there you go.
Also, a game called Skycrawlers, coming out from Namco Bandai,
and Daikaiju Battle, Ultra Colosseum, coming out also from Bandai Namco on the Wii.
That's big monsters.
Ah, very cool.
Well, there you go. So a pretty big week for the Wii over in Japan.
If you want to head over to last gen, Arcana Heart gets a price reduction.
It's moving into the best series.
And Mobile Suit Gundam, Gundam Meisters, comes out this week as well.
And now we're going to move over to the handhelds and take a look at what's coming out of the Nintendo DS.
Yadaman 2 DS comes out this week.
Coldsept DS, that should be fun.
I like Coldsept on the 360.
Away, Shuffle Dungeon, also this week, and Nazo Nazo and Quiz Ichi Kotei Jikan Kyumate comes out as well from Konami this week.
Sounds like some type of quiz little show there.
Coming out on some of the Sony handheld system, that would be the PSP.
It looks like just a bunch of accessories.
I think they're getting some new bundles this week.
They have a new Slim coming out in Pearl White and Piano Black.
And with that comes a whole bunch of other new accessories.
I think that's the PSP 3000.
Oh yeah, that is. It's the new redo of the PSP.
Comes out this week, so some of you might be actually importing that.
And if you're not, well, you can look forward to Yusha no Kusei ni Namakida or 2 comes out this week in Japan.
And that is a first person title.
And it looks like some type of puzzle game.
I think that's the one that's also supposed to be on the PlayStation Network at the same time.
He said that's a first person game. That's like a reverse.
Oh sorry, first party game.
That was like a reverse of what they did with Conduit.
Alright, so there you go, your Japanese release dates.
Let's head over to the other pond across the Atlantic this time.
Well, on the 13th comes Equestrian Training on the DS.
That would be, I think that's today now over there, so oops.
On the 17th, Golden Axe Beast Rider on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 on Damn Near Everything.
Rapala Fishing Frenzy, whatever, on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Saints Row 2 for PlayStation 3 PC and Xbox 360.
And What's Cooking with Jamie Oliver on DS.
So, that would be it.
I think that's coming out here in a few weeks too.
I have absolutely zero interest in that, because you know what?
I have a kitchen, and I have food, and I know how to cook.
I have Iron Chef.
I have the Iron Chef book, and it's awesome.
That little red book?
Yeah.
Isn't that great?
I want to actually try making the Home Bar Lobster dish that was in there.
Anyways, enough about Iron Chef, but if we are going to talk about Iron Chef.
The secret ingredient is more skins for Little Big Planet.
And GameStop is sweetening the deal with their pre-orders.
Before you could get your Kratos skin on, or at least see different parts of it to create your own Kratos Sackboy.
But now you'll be getting also a Medusa.
Looks like a skin set there.
And costumes for, looks like a minotaur.
So that's pretty awesome.
And those will be available when the game is released a couple weeks from now.
So that's pretty sweet.
And then, of course, Tokyo Game Show.
They were showing off a few more things.
Skins for Solid Snake from, of course, Metal Gear Solid.
And from Final Fantasy VII, they have Sephiroth.
Oh joy.
No cloud, though. I don't understand why.
How are you going to have a battle?
Oh my god, you know what that means.
There's going to be a Final Fantasy VII remake on PlayStation 3.
This is proof.
And it's going to be done with Sackboys.
It's like Potter Puppet Pals, but for the next gen.
Dude, that would be the best game ever.
That actually would be kind of awesome.
Final Fantasy Puppet Pals. The game.
Very, very awesome.
Cool, cool.
Do you have your little big planet pre-ordered? Are you getting this, Loki?
Yes, I am.
All right.
Redertainment in chat's kind of pissed.
He says, Sephiroth? No cloud? What the fuck?
Give it time. That's all I know.
Cloud will be later.
Cloud comes with your Final Fantasy VII remake pre-ordered. Duh.
Hello?
By the way, speaking of little big planets, some other news.
There was a little bit of, will they, won't they, with the beta?
And will the levels made in the beta be playable in the final game?
And the answer is...
Unicron.
No, the answer is yes.
And it was confirmed to 1UP because they're able to get confirmations from big developers.
That indeed, the things that people have been making in the beta, they will transfer over to the final game.
Apparently, though, they're kind of gauging how people feel about this news on the official PlayStation forums.
So they might change their mind.
Why would you not like this idea, huh?
Because they want everybody to start on the same page.
That's dumb.
You don't have access to all the same stuff in the beta, right?
Yeah, I'd say it's win-win because you start the game, there's a ton of fucking content to download.
Exactly.
Why would that be bad? That's good.
Now I can play Bobby's level.
Bobby Blackwolf, of course, is the man who does the show before us here on All Games Radio.
He actually made a little level that's cute.
It's like the quest, because there's a YouTube of it somewhere if you look up his YouTube account.
It's like the quest to get a beta code.
And it's funny.
It's cute. It kind of shows what you can do with the game.
Because, you know, we had that little demo at Penny Arcade Expo and kind of got to play the game.
We didn't get to see a lot of the editor.
We really didn't get to see a lot about editing the levels.
And it was kind of cool to see what you can really create.
I don't know how much time he spent on that, but I imagine it wasn't that much.
I hope the Wall of Awesome level's in there.
With my picture on it.
What level's...what?
Remember? Because I beat the developer at that little mini-game thing that he did.
Oh yeah, okay.
So I got a picture on the Wall of Awesome.
Oh, maybe.
But maybe that was just for Penny Arcade Expo. Who knows?
Yeah. Perhaps.
Awesome.
Well, there you go.
We'll be looking for that.
I'm finally going to have to crack and buy a PlayStation 3 in a couple weeks, finally, I think.
Because I do want this game.
I was just thinking about that, actually.
How so?
You know, that was for SingStar, right?
No, no. For LittleBigPlanet.
I mean, I don't know why I said that.
I was thinking about SingStar, though.
Because I've also...okay, because I've also talked about...
Because you wanted the ABBA.
Right, because I wanted SingStar ABBA.
My brain was doing that thing where it jumps topics without me actually saying anything about it.
No, it's fine. I have said that before.
But I was thinking about that.
Are those the only two games that you're interested in to get the system?
For right now, but I'm also interested in Home.
I think Home's going to be kind of cool.
And, you know, we'll see what kind of comes up next year.
I mean, I was just wondering if that would really be your only two reasons.
And the fact that it's a Blu-ray player. I can benefit from that, too.
Yeah.
There's enough for me.
Well, we've been discussing the PSP earlier.
Well, here's something that we finally have a confirmation on.
Yoshida Shuhei has said it himself.
That Gran Turismo PSP is in development.
But it's...there's actually no real date on it yet.
In fact, according to this article, when he was asked about it, he actually said,
Good question.
It's in Polyphony Digital and they're working on it.
So, at any rate, they say that the reason that it's been delayed
is because Polyphony's been working on other projects,
but they have been working on Gran Turismo 5 Prolog
and Gran Turismo 5 for PS3,
so they were actually working on the PS3 as their priority,
and not the PSP one.
But when he was asked when it would be, he said,
No comment.
That's a lame excuse, I think, because this has been in development
since before the PSP was released.
So come on, man. Seriously.
It's been in development for a long time now.
It'll be out when Duke Nukem Forever is out.
They have to make the graphics extra pretty, remember?
Oh, my ass.
It's just like they were saying,
Oh, well, we don't know how to make the cars take damage and stuff,
and the car manufacturers don't want us to dirty up their cars and stuff yet.
Other games have the same licensed cars and realistic damage modeling.
Excuses, excuses, excuses.
And you know what?
By the time your stupid game is released, no one will care.
The end.
The end.
But one thing you can do in the meantime with your PSP,
since you won't be playing Gran Turismo on it,
is you can use it as a secondary monitor.
Thanks to the homebrew community, they have released an app,
and I know there's another one out there that's also part of something else
that can do the same thing, but
PSP DISP version 0.1 allows you to connect your PSP to your PC via the USB cable
and use it as a secondary monitor.
It's able to display graphics.
The hell would you fit on it?
Graphics of 960x544.
It's just you have to kind of pan the image around.
But you can do that, and it's supported, of course, only on the custom firmwares.
Of course.
4.01 M33 and above.
So wait, while I have World of Warcraft going on my main computer screen,
I can have WoW head up in a browser window on my secondary screen?
Yes.
That's kind of neat.
Yeah.
So, I mean, it's cheap.
It's good for, like, you know, visualizations or whatever,
or if you're working on something and you want to view something on your other screen.
Or what if you're designing a PSP website?
That doesn't work.
Don't!
No.
PSP doesn't display stuff quite like...
You see what I was trying to get at, though.
I see what you're trying to get at, yeah.
You've designed the lovely olrpsp.com,
which includes the all-games radio player,
so you can listen to us on your PSP live on Sunday nights.
Yeah, unfortunately the PSP does not display stuff the same as your PC,
and it makes it kind of difficult because you have to constantly tweak stuff
and then refresh, tweak stuff, refresh.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, look, one thing that you're going to be able to enjoy a lot more on your PSP,
and it doesn't even have to run custom firmware,
LocoRoco 2!
Come on, you knew it was coming because Sony really hyped up the first LocoRoco game.
You knew it was coming.
You know what's kind of interesting, though?
The game has also been confirmed for Europe as well as Japan, obviously.
We all know it's going there.
But the thing is that actually the game is going to be coming out first in Europe.
The game is coming out in November.
That's right, November in Europe,
and no date announced yet for Japan as far as I know.
I believe it might be early next year.
So those of you folks over in Europe that always complain you get the shaft,
Sony loves you!
They're giving you LocoRoco 2 first.
There you go.
LocoRoco is awesome.
No word about the American release, though.
Which is kind of sad-ish.
We'd better get it.
I would think that it would do so much better here than it did there.
The question is when.
Will we have to wait until last?
Will we be in between?
Well, LocoRoco came out here last time.
Oh, wait, no, that's Patapon.
Never mind.
Which is also getting a sequel.
That's what ActDeaf just said in chat.
chat.net.org.com.
Patapon 2 is also coming.
Yes.
Pwn, pwn, patapon.
Patapon.
Well, our next bit of news makes me super happy.
That is, if it doesn't suck as much as some of the other later releases did.
But there's going to be a new Castlevania game on PS3 and Xbox 360.
And it's...
They actually showed about ten seconds of footage of it.
And no gameplay.
It was nothing.
It's being produced by Igarashi.
And, you know, he's my hero and I got to meet him.
It made me so happy.
So maybe it's going to be good.
I'm actually more excited about the other one that's coming out on the handheld.
Oh, yeah, Order of Othello.
Order of Othello, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Igarashi and Igaraki should get together and form a death metal band.
I think it would be awesome.
Don't you think?
Igarashi and Igarashi?
Yes, Igarashi and Igaraki should get together.
The Dead or Alive guy and the Castlevania guy should get together and form a death metal band.
Dude, he's such a rockstar.
He's on the picture here.
Wearing a leather cowboy hat and holding a whip.
And I'm like, dude, you're hot.
And then Mizuguchi can play keyboards.
And then who would be the singer?
What game designer would be the singer for that band?
Posting the picture in the chatroom.
Because, dude, I'm sorry.
He looks like a freaking rockstar.
He is a freaking rockstar.
That's why I'm thinking.
Yes, and DarkTessuya says, and do a game.
They should all come together and do a game.
I would die of, I would have a fan-gasm right there.
I don't know, but they would never agree.
They would kill each other first.
I bet if you gave them both the same premise of the game,
we'd get something fucked up from both of them, but in different ways.
TheRobD says Miyamoto would be the conductor.
Inafume is the singer.
It's funny.
Anyhow, we'll see.
But anyway, before our dream game designer death metal band comes true, we'll see probably Castlevania.
current gen.
Itagaki is the Gene Simmons of the gaming world.
Perfect.
The Gene Simmons of the gaming world.
Perfect. He needs a reality show.
Well, there are some really cool features that were announced for Resistance Retribution.
And it kind of works with, a little similar to how some of the PlayStation 2 games would link with the PSP in different ways.
Well now, what you're going to be able to do with this is, it's a brand new feature called PSP Plus.
And using Resistance Retribution via USB cable, connecting it to your PS3,
you will actually be able to use your DualShock 3 controller and play the game just using that.
And then, you can also unlock abilities that are in Resistance 2, the character in that game.
Nathan Hale, you'll be able to unlock the same abilities for your character in this game.
And will also allow you to get to different parts of levels and stuff like that.
Kind of think a little bit like the stuff they had with Sonic and Knuckles,
where you can plug in the other Sonic games and get to different portions of the game and stuff like that.
So, that's kind of cool.
And I guess this would also fix that problem with not having the second analog stick,
because it does change the controllers though, or the controls around, since you have that second analog stick to look around.
Or how about they just redesign the PSP with the second analog stick,
instead of having this roundabout way that requires the PlayStation 3 as well.
Hmm, I'll check it out though.
Yeah, I mean, you're still going to get this game no matter what, right?
Resistance 2, it will.
Anyhow, also, moving on to one more story on the PSP, and then we're going to get towards our break time tonight.
On the PSP, there is the Wi-Fi store.
Remember we've been talking about the Wi-Fi store that's coming?
Hey, the date has been announced.
October 15th, the Wi-Fi store will be launched in Japan,
but you know that it's not much longer before it's here.
And that probably is in line with the fact that the PSP 3000 comes out this week as well,
so don't think there's not a correlation there.
With the 5.0 firmware.
That's right, 5.0 firmware will also be the same time.
The Wi-Fi store is already on the box art for the PSP 3000, so...
Well, which makes sense, because if the PSP 3000 doesn't hit street until October 16th,
they're basically launching this the day before.
There you go.
Some games that are going to be sold on the store that already are dated,
Secret Agent Clank on November 20th,
Patapon 2 on November 27th,
and LocoRoco 2 on December 4th.
There's that date I was looking for earlier, so yeah,
Europe's getting it by a couple weeks.
LocoRoco 2 specifically,
because the store itself has not been announced for the US or Europe,
but I would speculate, well, whenever the new PSP redesign is coming out here,
that's when we'll get the store.
October, yeah, it's like right around the corner.
That's what I thought.
Usually those firmware updates, they're all about the same time,
like within a day of each other.
Alright, so anyhow, the Wi-Fi store is going to be opening soon,
and also opening soon as part B of our show,
but before we get to part B of our radio show,
we need to get to the classic video game of the week.
It's a little segment we do here every week on this program
where DarkSakura takes a look through history's past
to find a game for us to look at.
So tell us, DarkSakura, what game should the kids be playing this week?
Well, if anyone could guess from the music...
They won't hear that on the podcast, by the way.
I want to edit that little boo-boo out, so...
Well, then I would totally give them a cookie,
you know, a virtual cookie,
but the game of the week is KOU Gekitai,
which came out over here as KOU Flying Squadron.
It's a game of a girl who has this ancestral obligation
to go destroy monsters while riding on the back of her lazy little dragon friend.
Her dragon is named Poji in the American version and the UK version.
He was called Spot.
But anyway, her...
Bunny, I don't see a spot.
Her special outfit, though, that she has to wear for destroying evil is a bunny girl suit.
It came out... We actually got it as KOU Flying Squadron on the Sega CD over here.
There's also KOU Gekitai Katsu Gekihen,
which was KOU Flying Squadron 2, which was on Saturn.
That's the game. I actually own that one.
There was also KOU Gekitai Okira Tamatai Bako, which is like a demo CD.
And then there was Ramichan no Oedos Tsugoroku KOU Gekitai Gaiden,
which was like a special bonus story for Rami, who is the little girl in the game.
So it is a little shooting game.
It's a cutesy little shooting game where, like I said,
Rami sits on the back of a dragon, and she has a large mallet for hitting enemies.
She has an umbrella for hitting enemies, and a bow, so she can shoot arrows at enemies.
Rami can bounce on enemies' heads and kill them that way.
You can also shoot at them, and you get little bonus buddies to help you.
I guess it's like your options that was in KOU Flying Squadron 2.
The first one had, it was basically just a few less options of that since it was very limited.
And all this audio in it, of course, was redbook audio.
Are those pigs that look like people?
Yes.
Cool.
So they're very fun little games.
There's also, in KOU Flying Squadron 2, there's another character called Himiko,
who made a robot called the Saivi, and she was KOU's rival.
I'm not K-O, why am I thinking? Rami's rival.
And then there was an intelligent raccoon who was their enemy.
He was a member of Greenpeace.
And he's from Mexico.
A raccoon from Mexico.
He was a member of Greenpeace.
He was a bad guy.
So that's...
This looks kind of cute. I've never heard of this game in my life.
It's cracked out.
Because I didn't really follow the whole Sega empire until years later.
But this is cute.
Kind of a fun little shmup.
It's a fun little game. I love it.
Very cool.
And also just to go ahead and give a plug to the site, because I checked it out last night.
Go to SoaringRabbit.com.
There's lots of cool art from the game on there and stuff from the guidebooks and things.
It's a really cool little site.
KO Flying Squadron is your game of the week.
Check it out on the Sega Saturn, if you can.
But if you can't, you'll just have to watch clips on YouTube or try to find an emulator or something.
Can you emulate Sega Saturn yet? Have they gotten to that point?
I think they can. I just haven't bothered.
You can play Sega Saturn games.
Yes, you can, basically.
Alright, awesome.
Well hey folks, we're going to take a break.
But don't go anywhere, because when we come back there will be plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
So reports from BlizzCon. We haven't even gotten to BlizzCon yet.
So stay tuned. We're hoping somebody's going to call in or we're going to call somebody and get a report.
I would say live from BlizzCon, but that can't happen because BlizzCon is now over.
So not live from BlizzCon.
So we'll be right back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
He did. He's going to be the next president.
He's like, do you see those fucking lights on the ground?
When they get red, STFU.
God, I know.
Pukaki.
Anyhow, we've got some gaming news to get back into.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Hope you enjoyed that music break for those of you guys listening live.
If you're not listening live, why not?
You should join us on Sunday nights live.
You can even listen to us on the go, thanks to the OLR PSP website that has the all games radio player.
I think some folks are listening to us on iPhones as well.
I think there's some application you can use to do that.
Some type of tuning program.
So, pretty awesome.
But we've got some more gaming news to cover.
We've got a BlizzCon report to get to.
Actually, first off though, since we've been talking about conventions,
I want to start this segment off before we get to the actual gaming news.
Reading responses to our Twitter question, the pre-OLR Twit,
for those of you guys following us on Twitter at Twitter.com slash OLR,
we asked the question tonight, and it was actually about the Tokyo Game Show.
It was actually what we were asking about tonight.
We wanted to know, have you ever wanted to go to the Tokyo Game Show, and why?
What's the biggest reason you want to go?
Dark Soccer, I'm sure you've wanted to go to the Tokyo Game Show before.
I'm Pon Man!
Is that why?
No.
Alright, here's some of our listeners and their responses and why they want to go.
Let's see, Javier Altman says, yes, I want to go to Tokyo Game Show.
Why? To get into the panties of as many booth babes as humanly possible.
Them love Latin cock, oh yeah.
That was a nice G-rated response.
Dark Tetsuya says, hell yes, I've always wanted to go to Japan anyway,
but an event like TGS with all the newest Japanese games do want.
Maron Marvel says, heck yes, I could go if I could.
Squeenix and Konami are bound to unveil some awesome things to Tokyo Game Show.
Plus, you know it's Tokyo.
Act Dev says, yes, it's basically E3, but done way better.
So it's basically all the great announcements we hear.
I would like to hear them firsthand.
Jackson Man says, I'm from Kentucky, so going anywhere but here would be nice.
Crows says, of course I want to go.
Japanese games almost always have more.
I want to go and learn which upcoming games have little anime girls.
GeoVidea says, oh hell yes, it's Japan.
I've been trying to get there for a few years now.
MistyOLR says, admittedly not really.
I have ASEN and I can actually afford that con compared to going all the way to Japan.
A nice realistic answer from Misty.
Justin says, nah, it's all about PAX.
I did E3 a few times when it was good.
That's enough OMG Game Show spectacle for me.
So surprisingly, a couple people saying no.
I would have assumed that it would have been right 100% yeses across the board.
So surprises abound on our Twitter.
Thanks for the responses, folks.
Well, I think the whole reason that I would really want to go
is to go hang out with my friends that live over there.
Yeah, you know, just to go somewhere else.
I've never been to Japan. It would be fun.
I mean, because really, after having been to E3 all those years,
it really is a big spectacle, that type of thing, don't you think?
There's something about being there.
It's like magic in the air.
I don't know, it makes you more excited about everything.
More like unwashed fanboys in the air over here.
Oh, shush.
All right, let's get back into some gaming news now that we've heard from you Twitter folks tonight.
Loki, all right.
Well, this is sort of a rumor right now,
but apparently the website tinycartridge.com is reporting
that they have found a trademark registered in Japan for what is called DS Scan.
And what they theorize it is,
is it's something that's going to be used with the DS Eyes camera to unlock DS content.
Now, one of the things that they're also speculating is that it's for use with QR codes.
Which those who do not know,
QR codes are those square kind of pixely looking, almost like a UPC code, basically.
And cell phones have them.
Most cell phones over in Japan have them.
And you find them everywhere, like on boxes, to magazine articles, to websites, etc.
And you basically scan it with your camera,
and it will take you to a website, reveal more information.
Some examples are nutritional information on food, directions on Google Maps,
contact details, business cards, etc.
Or even links to different game developer sites and stuff like that.
So that would be a pretty cool feature,
and especially since the DS Eyes is going to have a built-in web browser,
I could see something like that actually being implemented.
So right now, it's all speculation to see how that's going to work.
I don't know.
Interesting comments from the chat room.
Frisbee in chat, chat.orangestop.com, says,
DSI e-reader, and Unfolded Raptor says,
Sad thing I actually bought an e-reader, what a waste of money.
Act Def says, I have some Animal Crossing e-reader cards.
Whatever happened to the e-reader?
I think it's one of those peripherals that they didn't really support that much.
But could this be something like that?
This could be something like that.
Like, they could release cards.
I would think would be kind of cool.
Before, remember, they were talking about doing something with the DS version of Viva Pinata,
where they were going to have images that appear on the DS,
and you can scan them with your Xbox 360 camera and import your characters into that.
Well, now you can do it vice versa that way.
Oh, but I'm getting total value for my Xbox 360 camera right now.
I mean, did you see Camera Mode in Beaten Groovy?
Wahoo!
Oh, I'm sorry. I missed that.
What was Camera Mode in Beaten Groovy?
It's just, now you hit balloons.
It's just, it's tacked on junk.
Lame. Awesome.
No, actually, sadly enough, I'm going to be coming into contact with another camera,
because I'm buying that game You're in the Movies.
Why?
Because it looks fun. It's like a fun party game.
Alright.
And it unfortunately comes with another camera, so now I have two useless cameras.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Well, how about some other Nintendo news that you can really get excited about coming out of Tokyo Game Show?
No More Heroes 2 is coming out.
Now, here's the thing, though.
Actually, it wasn't really necessarily confirmed for the Nintendo Wii.
Yeah, it's for the Wii.
Is it?
Oh, okay.
Because I remember when they saw the trailer, it didn't say Wii anywhere in it.
So some people were actually speculating a little bit.
But alright, it sounds like it was confirmed for the Wii, which makes sense.
You know, it makes sense.
No More Heroes, Desperate Struggle is the name of the game.
See, people thought it might have been for the DS, because, you know, Desperate Struggle.
DS.
Oh, good thought, yeah.
So okay, yeah, that makes sense.
And of course, there's folks wishful thinking it would be on 360 or PlayStation 3.
But I wish it were.
It's another Wii game.
You played a lot of the first No More Heroes game, Loki.
Are you excited?
Yeah, I am excited. I thought it looks awesome.
And I just wish, though, that it was on the 360.
Because it'd be even more awesome.
More awesomer?
Yeah. Actually, you know, I wish a lot of the games that they're putting on the Wii
were on, like, the 360 or PS3.
Like, No More Heroes, Mad World.
Well, here's what's strange.
And, you know, again, here's a story that didn't really make show world tonight.
It's just been a busy week.
But there's rumors going around about the Wii HD again.
And the successor to Nintendo Wii is coming out in 2011.
I don't know why this rumor has suddenly caught more steam.
And you know who I was looking at was being sourced for the rumor?
Get this.
WhatTheyPlay.com was being sourced as, like, the start of the rumor, right?
Which, you know, just makes me think of WhatTheyPlay.com snap.
The reason why is because people keep reporting the same rumor story,
but people keep seeing the rumor story on multiple websites.
It's like, Oh, my God, it's actually true.
But it's actually all the same story.
It's just some dude's opinion that used to work for 1UP.
Here's the other thing, too, is that it's, you know,
will there be a follow-up to Wii?
Duh.
Yes, of course there's going to be a follow-up to the Wii system.
I mean, the thing is sold millions and jillions.
Of course there's going to be a follow-up.
It's just a question of when.
So people like to pull dates out of their fucking butts as to when it's coming.
And, you know, if they're off, they'll just say, Oh, it just got delayed.
Or, Oh, they're putting it out early.
It's just a bunch of crap.
Of course there's going to be a Wii follow-up.
Why is this news?
I saw it, like, on the front page of Yahoo as the successor to the Wii.
Who cares?
When was that new?
I know, for real.
Anyway, sorry.
It says, When is Yahoo known for reporting game news?
Look, I use their mail service, so I see the stuff on the page that they're saying.
I know.
I completely understand.
It's just, you know, it was a little weird to me, that's all.
Especially since they're trying to sell some new video gaming news thing.
And, you know, if that's your cutting-edge story, I weep for the future.
Anyhow.
I weep all the time, anyway.
Nice.
Well, Nintendo points are not going to transfer between the Wii and the DSi.
It is, um, official.
They have their own points.
And let me guess, it'll be one of those things where I have to buy, you know, ten or twenty dollars worth of points at a time,
and then the games will cost just enough so that I have, like, three hundred left over at any given time.
Yeah.
Correct?
That's correct.
Well, basically, that pretty much is, yeah.
But they have to be separate.
Yeah.
It's totally impossible for a service to do that.
It's not like, you know, companies like Microsoft have, I don't know, Microsoft points that you can use on both Xbox Marketplace or, I don't know, the Zune Marketplace.
It's totally impossible.
That technology does not exist.
More like they just don't want to.
Of course they don't want to.
That would be effort.
It's just like effort in, I don't know, making, uh...
And less money from our money-making machines.
Making a unified online service for the Wii or the DS, or, I don't know, releasing games that aren't really ports.
Or innovating a little bit more than just your initial hardware.
Redertainment says in chat, it's like selling six hot dogs to a pack by eight buns to a pack.
Exactly.
That's a perfect analogy.
Um, AlphaConanagram says it's all Nintendo points now.
That's what I thought.
I thought it was gonna be all Nintendo points.
It is all Nintendo points now.
You know, once you put those Nintendo points in, like, you know, one place and you can't really do anything with them.
You're stuck.
Yeah, you can't name.
Because you have two different accounts.
Because, once again, there's no unified online service.
Grrr.
I'm surprised they don't have, you know, like, a friend code for the points or something like that that you gotta put in.
You know, make sure that you can buy that game or something.
Or that you have to write with your stylus, all praise Nintendo.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
I agree.
Do you wish to purchase said game?
Blue?
Blue?
No!
In fact, the DSi will actually have a place that will prick your finger for blood every time you, uh, actually want to get points.
Yeah, that's how you pay for the games.
With your blood.
With your soul.
It's like, it's like, do you wish to purchase this game and relinquish your soul?
What?
I just sold my soul for a donut.
Yes.
Retertainment.
That's perfect.
You have to write every time.
Nintendo, lemming.
Bah, bah, bah.
Anyhow.
You know what segment of ours has to follow a story like this.
It's time for the FUs of the Week.
My FU of the Week goes towards, um, you know what, I don't know that I have one for once.
Gasp.
No.
FU to your lack of angst?
Well, no, it's because I'm a Vicodin.
And Vicodin makes you not give a shit about anything.
Oh yeah, okay, I've got one.
Mr. Moron.
FU to people.
Anyone who thinks I'm insulted by anything, anyone has to say about me.
Because that's obviously a sign that someone else has the issue, and I do not.
Don't come to my cubicle expecting me not to tell you to get out of my cubicle.
Because, okay, okay, the situation is that someone came into my cubicle, someone who I've had a problem doing this before,
came and tried to talk to somebody on the other side of my cubicle, and I'm like, dude, please get out.
I need to, you know, do my work.
You're bugging me.
Get the hell away from me because I don't really like you that much either.
And he just started mumbling and just trying to say, you know, just really stupid insulting things.
And I got, you know what I did?
I laughed.
I just laughed.
I laughed so hard right there.
I was like, dude, you know how stupid you sound?
And so he left and didn't bother me the rest of the day.
And that's just what I'm going to do from now on.
If someone, anyone ever tries to just, you know, be mean, I'm just going to laugh.
That's all.
My response from now on is going to be, aha.
I love this.
The Raftian Chat says, I've seen her cubicle.
Much like you would expect from Dark Sakura, it's filled with pink fluffy clouds and is generally welcoming.
The hell it is.
Yeah, I killed him with laughter.
Because, I mean, basically, okay, keep in mind, I've had this problem before.
And the whole reason that I think that people try to be insulting, especially when they're in the wrong, is to make themselves feel less wrong to put themselves in a position of superiority.
And this person has absolutely zero room.
And I can say that in a completely unbiased fashion.
Yes, I do have the giant Tekken poster in my cubicle.
Thank you.
That's what you say?
No, I was answering that comment.
That I just, I just laughed.
I just laughed.
It's like, how can someone say that I don't know what the hell I'm talking about when this is the same person that asks me how to copy cells in Excel?
Don't ask.
Control C, control V.
Exactly.
SSG100 Matt says, you need to set up gun turrets at the entrance of your cubicle.
Actually, I was looking at ThinkGeek just a moment ago and they do have USB missile launchers.
Those are overrated.
Trust me, I have one at my desk.
It's just retarded.
It sits there for a second and goes eeeeeeee, pop, and then it goes boop, and like falls down a few feet away.
I could build a better rocket launcher.
It was worth it just to hear Loki's expression.
And then it was like beep, and then it goes boop, and it's like boop.
My cubicle drains the souls of other people and it gives them to me.
They have a way to convert it into an airsoft gun.
Oh, Lord.
Alright, let's have you use the lead.
Any more, Dark Zyra.
Also, F you to me not having the money right now to buy the beaker coffee mug from ThinkGeek.
Alright, Loki.
F you to myself for buying a magazine for my gun that's a double mag.
The problem is because it's basically two magazines that are stuck next to each other when I plug it in,
the other magazine covers the switch that allows me to pop the magazine out.
So it makes it near impossible to take out the magazine once I put it in.
Doh! Should have paid attention.
Still love it though.
Alright, that it?
Also an F you to my Triton headphones I've got.
Already the left side, basically if you jiggle the cord a little bit, it will go out.
So that pisses me off because they were expensive.
I want to give an F you to the pig fucker who stole the political sign from my front yard earlier this week,
not even 24 hours after I placed it up.
As you know, we have a very controversial proposition in the ballot here in California.
They want to ban same-sex marriage and take rights away from people
and treat certain people of this country differently than others, or of the state, I should say.
This is a state proposition.
And it's called Proposition 8.
They're using scare tactics to do it which aren't even true.
They are not going to tax churches.
They're not going to force churches to marry people they don't want to marry.
Do atheists get married in church right now?
Do they force churches to marry people?
Can a non-Catholic get married in mass?
They don't, I mean, when we were getting married and trying to have a Jewish wedding,
you know, the female, what was it, the female, not priest, what's the word I'm looking for here?
Rabbi.
Rabbi.
Yes, the female rabbi, she's like, no, I don't want to marry a non-Jew and a Jew together.
I'm like, you're a fucking female rabbi.
There's not supposed to be female rabbis, idiot.
Fucking contradictive.
Look, look, I don't want to turn this into something too political,
but obviously I think this is the dumbest proposition of all propositions.
And if you support, I guess, bigotry in the 21st century, then I guess you can go vote yes on it
because that's all it is, is just, you know, it's hate and discrimination.
And like in the fucking year 2008, you wouldn't think that we would have to be fighting for these types of things
that our grandparents fought for, but I guess history repeats itself, so what the fuck ever.
But anyhow, obviously, for obvious reasons, a very staunch supporter of the No On 8 campaign,
so I had a No On 8 sign in the front yard of my house, and it got stolen within 24 hours
because that's just the kind of idiocy that's behind the support of this proposition,
absolute moronism behind Proposition 8 that would steal a yard sign from the front of my house
to make a goddamn point.
The point you made was that you're an idiot, end of story.
So guess what? I had a second sign waiting in the house, and I promptly put it up in its place.
You should electrify it, Rob.
The good idea was to rub it down on something sticky.
By the way, Sauce pointed out to me, just for me to inform Loki,
is that female rabbis are allowed in Reform Judaism.
Right, it depends what branch of the-
They're allowed, I understand that, but the problem is, like, originally, they're not-
That's why it's Reformed.
Exactly. But it's okay to also marry, you know, out of the religion, but it's just-
They're just being stupid. It's like, oh, so this is okay, but it's not okay.
What pisses me off, and I have to add to Rob's F.U., is just, um, like, uh, the, uh-
I haven't seen the commercials, but I've heard of them, and I've been told of the content of them.
You know, I don't watch TV.
You know, them saying all that bullshit is, like, they're trying to appeal to the stupid, pretty much.
To the uninformed, to the ignorant.
They're trying to scare people that we're gonna have to teach it in schools.
That is complete nonsense.
They don't teach.
Do you talk about regular marriage in schools?
Oh, come on, they don't even want to teach about heterosexual sex in school.
For real. For real.
So where the fuck do they get off?
When, when hasn't a child been allowed to sit out of sex education?
It's just so ridiculous.
You know what, if they-
If you believe their lies, I'm sorry. I cannot hold back and play nice on this.
If you believe this, you are an idiot.
Please unsubscribe from this show. We are too smart for you.
Seriously, I'm fucking serious.
And, I'll tell you what, if we get any emails to the point, you're not getting read.
You're, um, getting published.
Your email address is getting published.
I don't care, I'll do it.
Just bugs me.
Yep.
Sorry.
This is war.
But, you know, this is what I have to say, actually, Rob.
Yeah, go ahead.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion, even though they're wrong.
But not on this. I'm sorry.
No, this, we have to be fair. This is America.
I understand, but at the same time, your rights stop where mine begin.
I agree. Now, this was my second point.
Is that, yes, you're allowed to disagree.
You're allowed to have your belief.
That is what this country was founded on.
Not God or religion, because Thomas Jefferson certainly, you know, didn't follow that.
And he wrote our Declaration of Independence.
Fair enough.
But my point is that everyone should be allowed to believe and feel what they want to believe and feel.
They just have to also be equally tolerant of anyone who believes other than what they do.
Like, I tell everybody, be offended. Learn to be offended.
I'm having a hard time, Jamie.
Learn that someone is going to, but see, this is the problem is that we're dealing with people who aren't leaving it at that. We're dealing with people who are trying to force their point of view on other people and are, and have the majority, you know, view right now.
All right. We're getting too much on the political topic, but.
No, I firmly believe in, that we should be a more tolerant people.
Obviously, it's a very sensitive issue that I have a very strong and invested opinion in for obvious reasons.
So if I'm a little bit unhinged, I apologize to a point, but certainly you need to understand that when you are voting yes on this, you are saying my rights are not OK.
And that's why I get so fucking incensed.
There we go.
Sorry.
Anyhow, let's get back to the gaming news, shall we?
Yay, video games to make everything better and make us forget about what a fucked up world we live in. Right, Loki?
Yes. In fact, totally off topic here, but Rogue Squadron could be coming back to the Nintendo consoles very soon, actually.
According to rumor mill from EGM that LucasArts has licensed out the Rogue Squadron series for a Wii remake, and then basically instead of a brand new game, they're going to have a compilation of all the Nintendo 64 and GameCube titles on one disc.
Might be like one of those play on the Wii things.
They were not bad. Those games are pretty good, so that'd be kind of cool.
Where is my lightsaber-wielding game?
Force Unleashed, the Clone Wars lightsaber duels.
No, no, I mean like with the Wiimote and that whole thing. I guess there was the lightsaber duels thing.
Wii Sports Resort.
Oh yes, I forgot. Wii Sports Resort, OK.
Let me put it this way. I wouldn't want to see one until the Wii Motion Plus came out anyways, and even one that came out, I mean, they could port the arcade game. Remember the arcade game?
I love the arcade game. That was fun.
Yeah, so GS68 said almost at the exact same time in chat, Star Wars trilogy arcade games bonus rounds.
There you go.
Alright, hey, one of the biggest websites of the past five years, or maybe of the past decade, I mean, who does not visit YouTube?
I mean, it's an awesome, awesome website. We even have some stuff up on YouTube. We haven't updated it in forever, but we have a YouTube channel with some of our old news broadcasts that were on there.
Who doesn't watch YouTube to catch up on some great clips from TV and Friends or whatever? This is an awesome site.
And video games have really taken over on YouTube. I mean, heck, all these classic games of the week that Dark Soccer is reporting on, you can search for any of them on YouTube and look at clips of the game.
And there's new game reviews and there's tons and tons of video game content out on YouTube.
Well now, what YouTube has decided they want to do, they're going to try to use this to profit.
Because right now, where does YouTube make a profit? There's not a lot of advertising on the site.
It's very interesting that considering they don't sell much on YouTube, they still manage to make money.
Well, they're going to try to take that one step further and it's going to start with some of the music based on EMI music and Universal.
Well now, it's also going to be video games made by EA. So apparently, when you go like, let's say you visit a YouTube of a game made from EA, you'll be able to buy the game right there.
So there you go. It's kind of neat. And then YouTube will get a cut of the game sales. So YouTube will sell you games. There you go.
That's a good tie-in. I mean, it's kind of a duh. I'm kind of surprised it didn't really happen before.
But I'm curious, what about the retro games? Those are a little harder to find. But maybe eBay links or something. Who knows? Or links to used game stores, I guess.
There you have it. YouTube. I wonder if soon you'll be able to buy DVDs of TV shows that you see on YouTube.
Or like, you know, like, TV for chocolate rain.
I hardly ever buy things on the internet anyway. Very rare. I like to go in the store and have it in my hand. There's something to be said for that.
Some things you can't buy in stores.
Well, whatever.
You can buy happiness in a store.
I cannot buy happiness in a store.
I do all the time.
Is your mic on? You're very quiet for some reason.
Yes, it is on.
There we go. Now I hear you.
Dun dun dun.
Alright, sorry. Moving on.
Well, there is a bit more happy news. Why is it that I'm just getting all the happy news, Rob?
I don't know. I just, I knew you'd be on Vicodin tonight, so you just want to be happy happy.
You'd rather give me stuff, because you know if I don't care about something else, I don't care about it.
But this is very, very, very happy news.
For Street Fighter IV home releases, there's been another female character confirmed.
And it's Sakura! I'm very happy.
And I watched video of it, actually, today, Rob.
And she's there in her full kickass glory, so I'm quite thrilled with that.
But she was confirmed, actually, to Famitsu by Yoshinori Ono that she was going to definitely be in the home version.
And there's also going to be a few more things in the home version, including a training mode.
Now, even though this Sakura isn't where you get your name, contrary to popular belief, you're still pretty excited about this, right?
Oh, hell yeah.
I actually, after there came out Dark Sakura from Marvel Superheroes vs. Street Fighter, I actually adopted her as my online avatar for a while.
Cute.
Oh, I remember that. Way back in the day on the Sacramento's DDR forum, your little avatar was Dark Sakura, the actual one.
But I had taken the picture from the ending of Rival Schools and did the sunburnt look to her and made her sailor dress black and make her red eyes.
Cool. Very cool.
Early photoshopping before I had photoshopped.
Well, I think we're all going to be playing Street Fighter IV. I'm excited about that game.
Heck yeah.
I wish it was out by Christmas, but then again, I also don't.
I wish it was out by right now.
I also kind of don't because I need my games to be spaced out right about now because I'm still trying to work on Silent Hill Homecoming.
And then I've got World of Warcraft going on, which by the way, I deemed 50 on my alt. Thank you very much.
I will have you know though that, what was it, Street Fighter IV is supposed to be coming out around the time as the brand new Street Fighter movie.
Awesome. That'll give you a nice fresh taste in your mouth.
Anyways, Guitar Hero. World Tour is right around the corner, only a few weeks away.
And with that is going to be some brand new download content available for the game.
They're going to have a classic rock track pack filled with a bunch of different things, including Rock and Roll Band by Boston, Hot-Blooded by Foreigner, and Jessie's Girl by Rick Springfield.
Awesome.
And then also they're going to have a few more tracks, Blind Melons, No Rain.
Dear God, I hate that song.
What? I love that song.
Which is in Rock Band too right now.
Overplayed?
Aww.
A couple...
No wait, Blind Melon isn't in Rock Band 2 are they?
No Rain I think is in there.
I don't think it is. No, I don't think it is. I would have bought that shit if it was. I actually like that song.
I thought it was. Well, whatever.
Anyways, oh no, I'm thinking Grand Theft Auto. I'm sorry. It's in Grand Theft Auto's radio thing.
Aha.
Anyways, R.E.M. is going to have a few tunes on there.
Horse to Water, Man's Size Wreath, and Supernatural Superserious.
Supernatural Superserious?
Yeah.
God, they never put in the one R.E.M. song I'd like to have in there.
Which is?
Don't Fall On Me.
What album was that on?
It was on Document I think.
I'm disappointed to see that they don't have some of the Phil Collins stuff in there.
Like the ones where it's...
Was it Hold On I guess?
We need Land of Confusion.
I am just very excited to get to play Rick Springfield in Guitar Hero.
That is going to be all kinds of awesome.
Guitar Hero World Tour, although I don't think I'm going to have the whole setup of my house.
I'll play along with the charade, that doesn't seem to be a reason to change.
You know I feel so dirty when they start...
Awesome.
Let me see if I can get the game only version, but I know I'm not buying another...
I'll probably get the...
I want the guitar.
I want the new guitar and I want the game.
But that's it.
I don't need the drums and all that other shit.
Hey, Rock Band's getting some new stuff too.
And if you like Motley Crue, this is going to be your week.
Because this is the week that you're getting Dr. Feelgood, the album.
Sweet.
That is all kinds of awesome.
What's that?
Was that the one that had Don't Go Away Mad?
Well, no.
Damn.
Oh no it does, yeah it does.
That would be my favorite Motley Crue song.
Don't Go Away Mad, Just Go Away.
I mean it has fucking Dr. Feelgood.
This song is all kinds of awesome.
Great album.
He's the one that got Dr. Feelgood.
Anyway, Slice of Your Pie, Rattlesnake Shake, Kickstart My Heart.
Lots and lots and lots of good songs coming out.
No other random songs announced yet.
Those are the only ones they've announced so far.
There might be...
Sometimes there's been like little random offerings from other bands that show up as well with the albums.
But nothing so far this week.
Stephen Colbert songs.
Did Stephen Colbert have any other songs?
We need Singing in Korean on there.
Or I want to see more South Park songs.
Or more DVDA stuff.
They should be doing...
They Might Be Giants.
And more Jonathan Coulton.
We'll see.
I love School Crusher Mountain, but I could totally use Ikea.
Like we need America Fuck Yeah.
Or the montage song.
Gonna need a montage.
Alright, let's get into the Journey to the Wonderland song.
Because this song is awesome and it always means...
It's mailbag time!
Every week you send this mail at email...
I'm sorry, at mailbag at orangelaunchready.com.
Dark Sakura goes into the mailbag and reads her favorite emails.
Unfortunately, since there was no show and ended up getting posted on the feed last week, I believe we have Slim Pickens tonight.
Three emails.
Let's hear them.
This one comes from Robert M.
Note, I am not able to get into chat for some reason.
If this topic has already been discussed on tonight's show, please do not trouble yourself with reading this on the air.
I also missed last week's show and haven't gotten the podcast for same yet.
Topic is Lord British in space. Best thing ever. Discuss.
That would be freaking rad.
Has he launched yet?
I knew he was a private citizen that was going to be going.
Like he's one of the famous...
He bought the Russian space tourist thing and I'd heard about that.
But I didn't know if he'd actually gone yet.
See, I was thinking of Gradius.
It's supposed to happen this year at some point.
I was thinking of Gradius in Salamander.
So that's why I said best thing ever.
If he's got a little ship, that would be great.
Umm...
An Ultima game in space.
But really, this is basically civilian in space, right?
Yes, except the civilian in question happens to be a famous game designer.
Seriously. I actually think that it would be a very good thing, I think, to have more civilians.
You know, to be able to have that go through.
Because that just puts us that much closer to colonizing the moon.
And then...
Space monkeys.
I'm sorry, I was looking at the little iPhone game that John has.
The space monkey game.
Space monkeys.
We need space monkeys.
Next one, shall we?
Sure, next email.
This one comes from Rob with Two Bees.
I don't know if this is an old story, but I found it on Dig.
Most of the myths debunked are the media effects on children.
There's one myth I have, personal debunking knowledge.
And that's whether...
Because gamers are used to train soldiers to kill.
No, games are being used to train soldiers to kill.
And they have the same impact on kids who play them.
They used to work in trainers and simulators for the army.
And they're not even close to the games we play.
Even when they use the same basic software, it's modded for realism and specific training goals.
And he says he has the same shirt in the stock photo in the article.
I'm pulling up the article because I'd actually like to go over it.
If you don't mind.
Sure.
The availability of video games has led to an epidemic of youth violence.
Which actually says that we're at a 30 year low. Like, I had brought that up before a while back, right?
I believe so.
Scientific evidence links violent gameplay to youth aggression.
And that's actually saying that claims like this are the work of researchers who represent one relatively narrow school of research, media effects.
The research includes some 300 studies of media violence.
But most of these studies are inconclusive and many have been criticized on methodical grounds.
So, I'm sorry. Methodological grounds.
Children are the primary market for video games.
And actually the center of the video game market is actually older teen to adult.
Almost no girls play computer games. Bullshit!
And five was the one that Rob said in his email because it's to train soldiers to kill and that's no.
Dude, even anyone should know that.
Six video games are not a meaningful form of expression.
I love this one and it was also my birthday.
On April 19, 2002, US District Judge Steven and Lembal Sr. will the video games do not convey ideas and thus enjoy no constitutional protection.
As evidence, St. Louis County presented the judge with videotaped excerpts from four games.
All within a narrow range of genre and all the subject of previous controversy.
Overturning a similar decision in Indianapolis Federal Court of Appeals, Judge Richard Posner noted,
Violence has always been and remains a central interest of humankind and a recurrent, even obsessive theme of both culture, high and low.
It engages the interest of children from an early age, as anyone familiar with the classic fairy tales collected by Grimm Anderson and Perrault are aware.
To shield children right up to the age of 18 from exposure to violent descriptions and images would not only be chaotic,
excuse me, deforming, it would leave them unequipped to cope with the world as we know it.
That is, that's beautiful.
I mean, so basically, in a nutshell, you can't go shielding your children from every violent and terrible thing that's going to happen.
They're not going to have any frame of reference for when they're an adult.
And trust me, I know people who are like this.
There's a, one of my, I guess it's more of a, someone I know through a friend, but she was never allowed to watch the news,
never allowed to read anything but what her mother let her read, you know, that type of thing.
And she's very, very ill prepared for her life now. I mean, to the point of about to lose her children, so.
And if kids don't know how to deal with a zombie infestation now, what's going to happen when it really does happen?
Seriously.
The other one on here was video game play is socially isolating.
And the first sentence is, much video game play is social. Almost 60% of frequent gamers play with friends.
33% play with siblings and 25% play with spouses or parents.
8. Video game play is desensitizing. And, no. It's not.
The Rob D. has a very funny comment in chat there. It says video game play is isolating.
That's why I'm in a chat room with 40 other people and I've met a lot of them.
Talking about the various conventions and stuff.
Exactly.
Funny. Funny.
So, just more goes to show that, you know, there's idiots in power.
So, another email?
Yes. Last one.
Actually from the Rob D.
Alrighty.
What's up, OLR hosts? Back at PAX.
Amongst the random conversation between bites of delicious food at Wild Ginger,
I mentioned that while I have friends that are into video games, I have no friends that are willing to make a podcast with me.
That got me thinking. You've talked about the origins of OLR before, but were you all willing to give it a try right away?
As I recall, a couple of you had had previous radio experience, so that probably delayed a few of your initial worries about starting your own internet radio show.
Still, did any of you have to be talked into it?
One of us just showed up every show until we said, fine, you can join.
Yeah. Loki just kind of showed up, but that was cool.
That was originally what it was supposed to be, is it was like the weekly gathering of people to talk about, you know, games, and specifically DDR back in the day of OLR's origins.
Let's continue. Did you imagine you'd still be doing it after all of this time?
No.
Yes. I thought we would.
After this long...
I'm stubborn.
Since Understation Live ended, for me, I mean, obviously it's still going, but since it ended for me because of Travis' move, no, I didn't think this show would outlast Understation Live.
I really didn't. But we've all, you're right, we've all been kind of stubborn and haven't gone anywhere.
You know, we're still here in SAC and although our lives have all gone through significant changes, certainly, nobody's really left or, you know what I mean?
So, I felt that I would keep, I would at least keep broadcasting in some way or another. That was...
Honestly, I think that's part of the reason why Orange Laundry was started in the first place.
So, no, none of us had to be talked into it because you hit the nail on the head, we all kind of were doing it anyway.
So, it was kind of like a chance for us to kind of talk about something.
You know, I don't want to say that we wanted to talk about because we certainly had that outlet on Understation Live, but maybe something different that we felt we had a lot more to say, if that makes sense.
I think it's kind of where this started.
Well, to continue, if I may.
Sure.
I was going to say, you may. Sorry. I've been listening to Rocky.
You may.
When did you know it was something that you wanted to continue doing?
I think it was just sort of, we just sort of kept doing it. I mean, it's not a conscious decision. Are we going to keep doing OLR?
I think the moment that we had 12 listeners the first night and we were like, cool, somebody is actually listening to this.
I think we've grown since the 12 listeners.
A little bit, thanks to podcasting. Just a little bit, yeah.
Finally, were there any people you asked to host OLR that didn't want to do it?
In other words, are there any lost OLR hosts or hosts that could have been?
No, it was always going to be Jamie and I.
And then Loki came on after, you know, because he was so involved and so into it and was doing so much.
I mean, it would be stupid not to add him, obviously.
Rob and I had a meeting.
I can't picture the show without him all these years later, honestly.
Rob and I actually did have a meeting.
Yes.
And we were like, should we just make Loki a host?
Yeah, that's pretty much how it went.
And lo and behold.
No, the idea, the concept kind of formed between Jamie and I and that's where it is.
There was no really other host considered.
Guests, people, I think you've pretty much heard everybody we've wanted to have on the show.
I want Igarashi.
Well, I mean, you know what I mean, like local-wise and local other DDR peeps.
We need to get Dan back on the show.
Yeah.
Okay, next paragraph.
By the way, I just want to say real quick.
We also got another email in.
VXChaseXV in chats, who's obviously been following us a long, long time, says the podcast specifically,
podcasting into the main show, I think that was when it really hit the ground running.
OLR moved on from just Bomani to video games that don't suck and podcasting.
That was the real time.
I admit, even the show does seem to have a different feel to it now, but it's a natural evolution.
We got older.
We actually have a bit more structure.
We didn't really talk about news much when we started.
We just were pretty much talked about whatever we wanted to.
And I had a migraine the first show, so I didn't know if that was any kind of sign.
I was sitting in that chair with ice on my head.
Before they made Head On, there was ice on.
Nice.
But next paragraph.
Also, what did you think about the Mega Man 9 downloadable content?
On one hand, I will buy it and love that we're finally going to be able to play as Proto Man.
On the other hand, things like the endless stage and the special stage make me worried that things we used to take for granted as unlockables,
extra stages, and characters are now being turned into pay-as-you-go items.
I know gaming is a business, and I appreciate that Capcom is in tune with the fans to put Proto Man in the game.
I wish it didn't have to come at my expense.
Thanks, Rob D.
P.S. Looks like I'll have to buy OE for Tatunoko vs. Capcom.
Sad. I can't pass it up.
Rob hit the nail on the head that this is kind of where we're seeing the industry going,
is that now we're having to pay for things we used to just unlock for fun, which is sad.
But I can't give an opinion on the Mega Man 9 download content because I haven't got it.
There's still unlockables.
There are, but you know what I mean.
Rob, try the Proto Man thing. It's fun.
I do. I want to check it out.
Or as he was originally called, blues.
Rob's apologizing for the long email.
Don't apologize.
It was actually fun. It was a little bit retro.
It gave us time to get another email.
It did. Alright, quickly. I told somebody we'd be calling them in ten minutes.
Okay. It's actually from Sauce.
Sweet.
It's a game review.
We can make time for Sauce.
Yeah.
Hello all. A month after the Nintendo DS game Dragon Quest IV Chapters of the Chosen was released,
I finally had the chance to finish playing through the game and give it a somewhat in-depth review.
Please. I want to know more about this, actually.
I wound up playing the original Dragon Quest IV and then Chapters of the Chosen back to back
in order to compare the remake to the original, so I would better appreciate what the remake has to offer.
Overall, the game is as close to perfect as a classic RPG can be.
It's definitely worth checking out for those who have played the original Dragon Quest IV
and those who have never played the game before alike.
As always, the full review can be found on my blog at AvengersTower.com
or through my Twitter, Mar and Marvel.
Keep up the great job, OLR.
I look forward to coming out to Sacramento again soon to see you all again.
And that's from Mar.
Yay! Whatever happened to her moving here?
And I'm going to copy the link in the chat.
Is that still something that might happen?
I hope. I wish.
I hope so too.
It must happen.
Alright. We'll see. One of us. One of us.
Alright. Let's move on. We've got some BlizzCon news.
Yes.
By the way, if you want to email us, mailbagorangelunchrated.com.
Some news coming out of BlizzCon.
Yes. First thing that came out of BlizzCon was the new class revealed for Diablo III.
New class is Wizard.
Wizard!
Yes.
Please tell me the game will say,
Blue Wizard is about to die.
Wrong game.
Aw, dammit.
But the wizard is blue.
Actually, the wizard was yellow and gauntlet, but never mind.
The wizard is blue in this one.
Oh, okay. Well, cool.
Anyways, they didn't really say exactly too much about it other than the wizard can hurl lightning, can channel explosive arcane energies.
It's a fucking wizard! What else do you need to know? I mean, seriously.
It's a fucking wizard.
I mean, is it suddenly going to have a sword and shield? No, it's a wizard. Magic. End.
Right?
It would be a red wizard that would have a sword and shield there.
Shut up.
Yeah, that's it.
There you go.
Well, also some other news about Diablo III. You know, people have been begging Blizzard to put World of Warcraft on consoles.
And what's interesting about Diablo III and some of the news that's come out about Diablo III is that possibly it could be coming to consoles.
I guess this was based off a very veiled comment that came out of BlizzCon, but you know what? Take it with a grain of salt.
It's probably not going to happen right away. Because what was the last thing Blizzard did on a console?
The Viking game, right? And then Starcraft Ghost got aborted, so there really wasn't anything else.
So Diablo III consoles? Probably not for a long time, folks.
By the way, some other little tidbits out of BlizzCon.
You will soon be able to use your mounts in the water in a future World of Warcraft patch.
Right now, if you try to run across a river on your mount, you will automatically dismount.
And now your mounts will apparently work in the water, so you can try to drown your horse. Isn't that nice?
There you have it.
By the way, to hear some other things about BlizzCon, we're actually going to get an old OLR buddy here on the phone who is actually at BlizzCon.
We want to talk to them about their experience at BlizzCon, so we're giving them a call right now.
One ringy dingy.
Two ringy dingys.
Hopefully he answers the phone.
Hello, is this Extopher?
Yes.
Hello, Extopher. How are you?
I'm fine, and you?
Ah, my mom.
Why? Why?
Because I didn't go to BlizzCon like you, you asshole.
Oh, I'm sorry. Well, you know, I don't know what to do for that, but I did, so whatever.
Alright, well, how was BlizzCon? Tell us about the trip. What did you do? How was it? You know, walk us through your experience at BlizzCon.
Well, it was pretty cool. We got there a day before it started, and we picked up our bags, and it was kind of confusing how to pick up our goody bags.
Once we did, we got back to our hotel, kind of looked at it all, and there was a lot of stuff that was in there that they didn't list on the website, actually.
They gave us a bunch of, everybody got a free authenticator that was BlizzCon's theme, so it has like a BlizzCon logo on it and everything.
Wait, you got a free authenticator? You fucker.
Well, yeah, we all got that.
I was just talking about how much I hate you, sorry.
What was that?
I was just talking about how much I hate you, sorry, go ahead.
Oh, okay, I hate you too. So, yeah, and then we got there in the morning the next day, and pretty much watched the panels.
We waited in line at the BlizzCon store for three hours before we got to the front of it.
Oh my God, what was so important that you had to get?
Well, I wanted a shirt, and Annie, my sister, wanted also a shirt and one of their little messenger bags that they have.
So, yeah, we waited really long for that, and then Jim, my brother-in-law, got my sister a Murloc, which was a big collectible thing this year, I guess.
And so, it was pretty fun. There was a lot of panels, a lot of exciting, like, new things that we got to see.
We got to see walkthroughs of four of the dungeons, and we also got to see Jay Moore again this year, which was fun.
I like that comment from Redertainment in chat right now. He says, I waited three hours and all I got was this fucking shirt.
I know, that's what I said.
What were some of the awesome things that happened at the panels? We talked about some of the news already a little bit on the show, how you can use your mounts and water, you'll be able to on one of the patches, but, like, what was something that happened at the panels that got a huge response from the crowd?
I think that, just, I don't know, like, it's very general, because a lot of things got big responses.
When I was at the panels in particular, I was at the dungeons and raids panel, I was at half of the PVP panel.
And I think that class balance is really a big issue on a lot of people's minds, is how are they going to balance the classes, especially with the Death Knights being the big, like, new class.
And they kind of really validated everybody's concerns, which I think made everyone happy, and so I think everything that they said, every answer that they gave that had to do with class balance was particularly, like, good to hear for a lot of people.
I don't know if we mentioned it on this show yet tonight, but I think we were talking about it a little bit with Bobby when we were doing the tease on the Bobby Black Wolf show before us here on All Games Radio, we were mentioning that some guy had a Diablo 3 shirt that actually worked for Blizzard that had, like, unicorns and rainbows on it, and it was a Diablo 3 shirt.
Did you see that shirt?
Yeah.
I won it.
No, I didn't see the shirt, but there was a funny thing that happened. During the closing ceremony, they actually showed that on the big screen. Like, they were making fun of Diablo 3, and then they showed it, and everybody just, like, lost it. It was crazy.
Awesome.
But, yeah, it was fun.
Speaking of Diablo 3...
By the way...
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Oh, I was gonna say, Patton Oswalt was incredibly funny. Like, he is great to see in person. Like, everybody loved him.
Did he make a bunch of WoW jokes or something? Call you all nerds?
No, he actually, he's never played WoW in his life, but he put people down for making fun of him for that, and it was great. He, like, played off of the audience, like, so well, and he had a bunch of geek jokes, and he was not censored, which was great, so...
Did you get to put your hands on any of the games that were on the floor? Because you had, like, Diablo 3, Starcraft 2.
Yeah.
What'd you play?
Well, last year I played Starcraft 2, and I'm not a big, like, real-time strategy, like, type of person, so I thought it was fine for what it was, but I did get a chance this year to play Diablo 3, and I was sold.
Like, it's definitely really fun. I've never played Diablo in my life before that, and it was absolutely wonderful. I definitely recommend it when it comes out.
Well, it's not even anywhere near finished yet, which makes it, like, even more incredible to me.
What was the demo like? Like, what did you get to do in the demo?
Well, you could choose your class, which there's only three playable classes right now, and after that you go into this, like, dungeon-y area, and basically my sister and my brother-in-law, we, all three of us, grouped up into a party, and we all three, like, just had fun, just kind of, like, mashing the buttons and seeing what abilities we could, you know, use or whatever.
None of us had played the game before, so we didn't really know how to control it, so we were kind of noobs learning for the first time, but it was actually surprisingly easy, and there's a lot of different, like, creepy little enemies, and, I don't know, they're all, like, skeletal, and there's a lot of blood in it, and I don't know, it's like a dungeon-y type place.
Awesome. Well, any other, like, what would you say was the best thing about BlizzCon?
The best thing this year about BlizzCon was the contest ceremony. Jay Moore absolutely killed it, and I don't care if you don't like Jay Moore, I think he was hilarious, and he actually created a lot of new fans that night.
And the actual dance contest was just the best, like, they had an undead female dance that, like, I don't know what it was, it, like, mesmerized everybody, just, the whole audience, like, went crazy, like, 5,000-whatever people that were in there were just, like, all cheering for this girl, so it was pretty cool.
Well, we have some questions from the chat room that I want to ask you. Retertainment is asking, did someone ask Jay Moore if his show was cancelled?
You know, nobody got to ask Jay Moore anything, but I'm sure he'll have a cancelled show within the next few weeks or so.
DJ Dark Knight wants to know, did you go to any of the tournaments that were going on?
We wanted to, but there was so much going on that we actually didn't. I kind of kept up to date on what was going on with the arena tournaments by looking on WoW Insider, like with my phone, which was kind of cool because I guess there was a huge upset this year, but it was, as far as I know, the area looked really cool, we got to walk by a few times.
Nice. Shahran, speaking of your phone, actually wants to know, how's your iPhone?
It freaking rocks, I guess. I don't know. It's okay. I'm kind of over the iPhone, actually. I keep on telling people that I might actually switch to a different phone in November.
Why?
I don't know.
Really?
It's high maintenance, you know, you have to constantly clean it, and I don't know, I'm always worried that the screen is going to get scratched.
Whatever, you're just talking smack about it because I finally bought one this week.
I know, and look at me trying to make you feel bad.
Last question, Dark Tetsuya wants to know if the Wizard was playable in Diablo 3.
It was, and I actually played the Wizard, and it was really fun. I was very impressed. Once again, having not ever played the game before, I was thoroughly impressed by it.
At least for anybody that hasn't played the game before, I definitely recommend it, and from what I hear, most fans of Diablo are definitely going to want to play this.
Alright, really quickly, then we're going to let you go, because this phone call is going on ten minutes, but I want to know, did you meet other, because it's a convention, it's a meet and meet people, did you meet any other funny people?
Were there some really weird ass people that you actually got to meet?
Well, there were weird ass people, but tell you the truth, Rob, I don't want to meet any of those weird fuckers.
Wasn't there somebody you were looking at from a distance going, that guy is, like, fucking weird?
Yeah, especially the people that ask questions on the panels, like, they're the best, they're like, I'm a nerd, and I'm like, did he even ask a question? I don't know, do they speak different languages? What the hell?
Alright, well, hey, Extrofer, we gotta let you go so we can get back to our show, but thanks for the report on Blizzcon, and maybe next year I can go.
Maybe, who knows?
We'll see, alright, well, take care, Extrofer, and come join us in the studio sometime.
Alright, I will, definitely.
Alright, later, dude.
Alright, bye.
Extrofer joining us, not live, from Blizzcon, but at least he was there, so he was able to give us a call, which, by the way, while Blizzcon was going on, some friends of mine, and me, held our own little convention called QQCon, for those of us that weren't able to get tickets to Blizzcon, so it was pretty awesome, actually.
We actually had goodie bags from QQCon, and one of the things we got was a little rabbit's foot for better luck next year, so there you have it.
Alright, let's move on and get to some more gaming news, and then we'll get to the Skype line so the rest of y'all can call in, and we'll start off Dark Sakura, going to a new game.
For anyone who is interested in Call of Duty, Call of Duty 5 is going into beta next week for Xbox 360.
Well, I should actually say, this week.
There will be some sources that are giving out beta codes, you just have to find them.
I just thought it was worth saying that Activision is starting testing now.
Cool. Kind of like last year, they did the same thing with Call of Duty 4.
I remember I got into the beta last year, we only played it a few times.
I know that Eurogamer is giving out beta codes, so for our friends overseas, you can find it there.
Yeah. Hmm. Very cool.
Anyways, let's see here. Something back to the music gaming topic here.
There's a brand new music game that's going to make some competition for Beatmania and Activision's new DJ hero.
That is Scratch, the ultimate DJ, being announced. It's kind of a partnership of both Newmark and hip-hop producer Quincy Jones III.
Genius Products is going to be distributing it, and Genco Interactive, I believe, is developing it.
The game itself is very similar to Beatmania, in fact the screen basically involves
five colored notes scrolling down the screen, and they've got a section where you can scratch as well.
There's going to be a controller that they're making for it.
Actually, Newark is making the controller, and overall, it looks pretty cool so far.
We'll have to see more of a song list and that kind of thing, but maybe set the bar a little bit high for a DJ hero whenever that comes out.
But this, I don't know, looks pretty cool.
ActDeft in chat gives a mandatory comment. Konami will sue! Will they? Yeah, they may.
They may sue, and you know what, that's pretty sad because their attempt at Beatmania wasn't very good.
And this is J100Matt says, how can they not be sued for this?
Because the interface is different. I mean, it is a similar type of gameplay, but depends on how you play it.
I mean, it's just like how Guitar Hero is different enough to where they can't really sue.
Well, I guess, they license the rights for the guitars, but as far as the actual game itself, I don't think they have to license anything.
So, it's different enough, the way the notes come on the screen, because they kind of come out, it looks like there's a record that's playing that is spinning,
and then the notes come out of the spinning record and then scroll down the screen, like a conveyor belt.
FYI, VXChasingXV argues with you and says, Konami's attempt at Beatmania wasn't very good.
15 versions in Japan, their US attempt was great, it's just the wrong locale.
I'm talking about the US one, and yeah, it was alright, but what did they really do with it?
Nothing. So, you know what, if you're not going to do anything with your product that could probably sell very well,
much like Guitar Freaks was, then you deserve to be left in the dust, I guess.
Just like putting out a guitar game and a drum game years after everyone else has attempted it. Not probably a smart idea.
I reluctantly agree, I have no patience for Konami in the music game world anymore.
If they're not going to do it, someone else needs to beat them to it.
Although I thought Beatmania in the US was fine, it was alright.
Well, let's look at DDR. What exactly has changed in DDR lately? Not much.
How have they supported their games with downloadable content? Not very well.
I mean, the quest mode in that game, in the universe games have sucked,
and they don't really listen to their fanbase anymore, they just kind of do what they want because they're DDR and people will buy it.
Universe 3 looks kind of cool. People will buy it for a while.
Alright, speaking of DDR, there is another DDR game coming out.
It is Dance Dance Revolution Disney Grooves, and it's coming for the Wii.
It's what it sounds like, it's going to be 40 new Disney songs that are going to be coming to the Wii.
You know, the standard press release comes out with this, that apparently you can actually get your Mii in a Disney costume,
and that's what you can dance with in the game.
Apparently there will be some new modes too, like a groove world, where it basically just has achievements and you get costumes based on the achievement.
Now, what is also cool is the way the community actually tore apart the DDRX disc and found some extra song names on the disc.
There's like this master track list that's always in DDR games.
Ah yes, the master track list, and you would think by now that they would have learned.
Well, they hacked the master track list and they found a bunch of new songs on it, and guess what, they're all Disney songs.
So you can pretty much already tell what songs are going to be in this.
A Pirate's Life, Chim Chim Marie, Disney Carnival, Hakuna Matata, I Just Can't Wait To Be King, Mickey Mouse Club March, The Bare Necessities, Zippity Doodah,
and the most awesome Disney song of all time, The Tiki Room.
Come on, you could be able to dance to that, right? Can't you see yourself dancing to that?
Tell me the Tiki Room isn't the most awesome Disney song of all time.
The Tiki Room is the best place to go when it's hot.
The question is, why do you see a song called Ducks In The Hood? Don't ask.
I mean, Ducks In The Hood, really?
Well, those are some of the songs you have to look forward to. By the way, that wasn't the actual Tiki Room recording, that was just something I found.
It was actually the Tiki Room Macarena version, but it's very dancey.
Macarena's cool again, it's retinal occasionally.
Ice Mickey? Wow, Way To Be Current.
Alright, where's Macho Duck? What the fuck? I mean, seriously.
Let's move on with other awesome game news.
I have to actually make a comment about that. It better have freaking dance magic in it.
I haven't heard. We'll see.
Rob did have to give me a story that I'm going to completely not give a shit about.
What is that?
The fitty game, Blood On The Sand, is going to be published by THQ.
Activision farted on the idea and said, we don't want this pile of steaming shit.
So THQ said, wait, we like shit?
To be fair, it doesn't look bad. It's just over the top and with no base in reality whatsoever.
I mean, if they made Oscars for video games, this would so be nominated next year.
Well, it's coming out sometime.
Phew, rest easy. Thank you THQ for giving the gamers.
Thank you THQ for our fitty.
Well, I don't know, they have like 50 Cent and these games sell.
Exactly, it'll sell.
You'd be surprised.
You'd be surprised, I know, I know.
A couple more stories for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Well, the new Xbox Experience brand new update that's going to be coming to the Xbox 360 dashboard.
Everybody's been wondering, when the hell is this thing coming out?
Well, hopefully we have your answer now.
It was announced during Tokyo Game Show that it will be available to download on November 19th.
So that's when you get your brand new Xbox Experience.
The download will take up 128 megabytes of hard drive space or storage space.
People have been concerned and kind of in an uproar about,
Well, you know, why is it going to require space?
There are some 360s that are sold without storage.
Well, I correct you.
There are no Xbox 360s currently being sold without storage of any kind.
If you remember, the arcade systems do come with a 256 megabyte memory unit.
So you can still enjoy the next Xbox Experience, I guess.
And if you don't have a fucking memory card or hard drive, I mean, seriously, what the hell's wrong with you?
Just buy a hard drive.
Then you probably don't care about the new Xbox Experience either.
Honestly.
Although I do still think it was a mistake for Microsoft to just not put the hard drive with all the systems.
They wanted to drive the price down, whatever.
Whatever, I mean, it's fine.
The other thing that's rumored to be coming out on the 19th as well,
Well, apparently Home may be coming out that day as well to kind of counteract the whole new Xbox Experience.
And it makes perfect sense to me, because even if it's not done, they're going to release it anyways.
Because it's still in beta.
Yeah, beta. Awesome.
So yeah, expect that probably around the same time as well.
Alright. Are you looking forward to the new Xbox Experience? I think it looks pretty cool.
Yeah, don't really care.
There is one thing I'm looking forward to about it, is that they are going to add new 16x10 screen formats.
So, for example, if I'm playing on my monitor that's 1400x900, I can actually use the full screen now.
Because before it was kind of stretched a little bit, but now it'll actually be the no native resolution for widescreen monitors.
Cool.
Alright, one more story for you guys tonight, and then we are going to open up the Skype line.
And this is a pretty interesting story.
There is actually a study that has gone on out there.
It's a bisexual psychoth- actually, it's not so much a study more than it is just kind of a comment.
It's bisexual psychotherapist Paula Hall, and she said this to the BBC.
Apparently, according to this Paula Hall, she was actually doing this whole study on premature ejaculation was actually what the study was all about.
Yes, that's what I said, premature ejaculation.
And you might be thinking, what the hell does this have to do with video games?
Well, it's because of an interesting comment she actually said as a part of this.
Premature ejaculation is definitely not purely psychological.
These men with non-psychological premature ejaculation have very quick reflexes.
They may be excellent at playing tennis or computer games.
So apparently, according to this chick, there's some type of correlation between being a good gamer and finishing quickly in the bedroom.
Maybe it's because they're just waiting to get back to the game.
That doesn't make any sense.
I don't blame Paula Hall.
I don't know. That still doesn't make any sense.
Apparently, what they're trying to do with this whole thing, they're trying to actually make drugs to reduce the likelihood of premature ejaculation, like Viagra in reverse, I guess, a little bit.
Very interesting.
I wonder if this is a problem for women.
Premature ejaculation.
You know what?
What?
The problem for women is men.
Men are impatient.
Okay, I'm done. Back to the game. Thanks, lady.
You know what else is the problem too?
What?
Women keep nagging them when they're trying to play their games.
Honey, come to bed.
That's why God made toys.
All right.
Moving forward.
Yes, please. We're going to go to the Skype line.
We're going to go to our phones.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And hey, we've got a call on the line.
Hello, caller, are you there?
Yep.
Hey, who is this?
Hello, Rice Princess.
Hello, Rice Princess. How are you?
Oh, I'm okay. How are you?
I'm good. We're hearing from a lot of local OLR folks tonight,
because I don't know if you heard, but Ecstifer was on the show earlier talking about BlizzCon.
Oh, boo, BlizzCon.
Well, what did you call in to tell us about tonight?
I went to a CoolerCon.
Well, you went to a CoolerCon this week. Did you go to Tokyo Game Show?
No. Why would I go to that crap?
You went to a con that was cooler than Tokyo Game Show and BlizzCon combined?
Where did you go?
Yeah, I went to QQCon.
Awesome. QQCon. I went to QQCon, too. I think I saw you there.
I mean, there was a lot of people there, but I think I saw you in the crowd.
Yeah, I think I ran across you once or twice.
I think so. Tell the listeners something about QQCon, because I bet nobody's ever heard of QQCon.
But did you have something to do with the starting of QQCon?
No, it was actually organized by two of our friends, Mel and Eric.
But we just actually held it at our venue, aka our apartment.
And yeah, it's just awesome and free.
Free? That's awesome. Tell the listeners a little something about the idea behind QQCon.
Why was there a QQCon? What were we celebrating at QQCon?
Oh, okay. Well, you know how there was BlizzCon this weekend?
And a lot of us didn't get to go because they had this ridiculous lottery system to have to get tickets and stupid crap like that.
We just kind of had our own convention.
And it's the QQCon because, as we all know, QQ means crying in the game.
Because the QQs look like crying eyes.
So we were all just basically convening to cry about not going to BlizzCon.
Was there any cosplay at the tournament, or at the convention, as SSG100Matt?
There was no cosplay, but we all got swag in the form of Frostmourne.
And we all welded them and played around with them and stuff.
Does that count?
Will there be a QQCon next year?
Absolutely. There would be one every year from here on out.
I think what would be awesome is that even if the organizers were able to get into BlizzCon next year, there should still be a QQCon.
Because what is a convention without bitching about something that happened at the convention?
Of course. We would just have it in the hotel or something.
Exactly. So everybody's invited to the second annual QQCon next year.
We might have to find a larger venue according to how many people actually find up for next year's QQCon.
Well this is how these things start.
Yeah, we'll have to see about that.
Alright, sounds good.
Hey, any other video games you've been playing this week you want to tell our listeners about?
Um, no.
Well alright then.
I didn't play anything except for WarioWare at QQCon because it's the best con ever.
But that's pretty much it.
Alright, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Um, yeah, you have to poop at QQCon.
I had YYCon.
You did?
What's YYCon?
Why? Why? It means yay.
Yes, I did have to poop at QQCon.
It's going to be an event next year. Alright, I'm hanging up. This joke's gone on way too long.
Bye Rice Princess!
Bye.
Bye. Did she just poop in the phone? I think she did.
I don't think that was a poop. I think it was a fart.
1877 Game OLR.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spaz.
Hey, what's up Spaz?
Uh, not much. Um, I just want to comment on something that you were saying earlier in the show.
Yes.
If I remember right, you were mentioning that you're considering playing PlayStation 3.
The what? I'm sorry?
If I remember right, you had mentioned that you're considering getting a PlayStation 3?
Yeah, I think it's past the point of consideration. I think it's going to happen. It's just a question of when.
Well, you know, I think that if you do get it, you'll really enjoy it. The only thing to bear in mind is that it would be a good idea to compare it to the 360 in any way.
Because it's kind of, in its own way, its own beast. If you try to compare it to the 360, you'll probably come off disappointed.
What kinds of cool things am I going to find on the PlayStation 3 that I'm not going to get on the Xbox 360, in your opinion?
Well, there's, as you probably know, there's not a whole lot of system exclusives in terms of games.
But what few there are, I think you may like stuff like Solcom, Warhawk, some of the downloadable original PlayStation 1 games.
They do have some interactive art there. In fact, I was just talking about one with Bobby Blackwell on his show.
And the most recent one is kind of weird, but it's still interesting nonetheless.
And then, of course, there's the whole Pixeljunk series of games, including Pixeljunk Monsters, which is kind of like a tower defense game, which is pretty fun.
I could go on and on in terms of games, but I don't want to take up too much time on the show.
And plus, there's one benefit to the PlayStation 3's video store that the 360 doesn't do all well, in the sense that with the 360, you can only rent the movies,
whereas the PlayStation 3 gives you the choice between renting or outright buying.
Some people are kind of against renting, they would really buy, because once you see the movie, you're basically out a couple bucks,
whereas if you're outright buying the movie, you can't watch it as many times as you want whenever you want.
Well, but doesn't the PlayStation 3 kind of do both? Don't they have Blu-ray and a download service now?
Yeah, that's absolutely right. Basically, you have a choice. Blu-ray is a little bit more expensive, but at the same time, you get all the extras.
It's in high-def, and since it's on the desk, it won't take up any space on your hard drive.
Whereas if you buy from the download service, you won't get the extras, and if you buy the movies, they'll be in standard definition, but you'll get a cheaper price point.
Fair enough, but Blu-rays are kind of expensive. I mean, you have to really like a movie in order to want to get it on Blu-ray.
You know what I mean? They're like 24 bucks a pop. That's a lot more than a rental.
Well, actually, it may be 24 bucks in and around the area, but at least in my area, which is western New York,
they're closer to, on the cheap end, like 30 bucks, and as high as 35.
Hey, speaking of high-def movies, I was just in the house because I had to run and make a potty break while another story was going on.
They're actually using the HD DVD player right now. They're watching Stardust, which I love that movie.
Anyway, sorry, just kind of a random tangent, but hey, that movie was actually pretty cheap because HD DVD had already bit the dust at that point when I got that.
Question from Frisbee in chat, and this will be the last one, and then we're going to get to one more call before we end the show tonight.
Frisbee wants to know, is Blu-ray really that good?
Well, in my opinion, yes. To give an analogy in terms of games, it's kind of like trying to play Halo 3 as opposed to the original NES version of Washington Attack.
And that's in terms of graphics, not in terms of fun or anything like that.
Halo 3 is at least a balance better than Washington Attack in terms of graphics.
I think a big part of it, too, is that it's kind of like watching HDTV for the first time compared to regular TV.
I mean, true DVDs are a little slightly better than regular TV, like the old TVs, because they can do interlaced, but it's a big step.
Well, anyway, Spaz, we've got to wrap up, but do you have any quick last thoughts for our listeners?
Oh, yeah. Obviously, I can't do it now, but probably during the week if you like, I can send you an email with a list of recommended games and whatnot that gives me joy.
I'll always take a look, Spaz. You can email that to me anytime.
Sure. Have a good one.
All right, you have a good one. Take care, buddy.
All right, you too. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye. We'll do one more call here on the Skyline 1877 Game OLR.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land. It is he who is very uncreative and can't think of a way of describing himself tonight.
How about you just call yourself Jason?
Yeah, that works, too. Hey, guys, it's Jason.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, it's so funny. You can totally tell the difference between the telephone calls and the Skype calls. The Skype calls really are pretty clear.
The Internet takes off for phones pretty soon.
That's all right. Hey, what's on your mind, Jason?
I don't remember all of the details specifically. I was driving into work and my iPhone tuner app was cutting out, so I didn't get all of the conversation.
Oh, my God. I keep forgetting that people can actually listen to this show in the car now because of Edge. That is nuts.
We plug it straight into the car stereo and when 3G decides to actually work properly, I can just be listening to whatever I want, in this case, the show.
That is amazing. Technology has come so far. You're going to have to tell me how you do that. I don't know if you're looking at Justin.TV. I just finally picked up the iPhone this week.
All I have is Twitterrific and I got Tap Tap Revolution or whatever it's called, Tap Tap Mania.
It's a terrible game.
Yeah, it's a little stupid.
I hated that game.
The frame rate, well, it's free. I can't complain about free. But what's weird is that it's what they advertise in the Apple store on the big banners, which I thought was interesting.
I'll complain about free. Yars sucked and so does Tap Tap Revenge.
All right, sorry. Brad is sending me a private message for the tuner app. I'm going to definitely have to check that out. Wow. Man, it blows my mind how far technology has come.
I don't like tuner.
Is there other ones that are good?
I've actually just been using AOL radio to listen to the comedy channel.
But you can't hear us on there.
But tuner for a while stopped picking us up. Actually, they limited all the stations.
And so correct me if I'm wrong, this is all free. It's not going to cost me extra money on the AT&T daily.
Tuner costs. AOL radio is free.
But I mean, the bit rate, the data, the bandwidth is free.
They shouldn't.
Oh my god, that's amazing.
The iPhones only sell unlimited data plans, right?
Yeah, they do. It just blows my mind though.
And it can be used for the application or the service.
It just blows my mind.
It's just your phone streaming the station.
Wow. Anyhow, sorry. I'm going to have to try that later.
It just blows my mind that somebody could be actually listening to us in the car right now.
Seven years ago, when we only had twelve listeners, I never thought that possible.
But we really are starting to reach that day and age where you will be able to listen to us like an over the air wave show.
We're there. It's just not many people are doing it. It's crazy.
If Sprint actually kicks into high gear and really gets WiMAX everywhere, then it's going to be a really good day.
Because then PSPs and all of the other non-cellular network but wireless capable devices are going to be able to do the same thing just about anywhere.
Anyway, I'm sorry. You probably didn't call in to talk about Tuner.
Oh, I don't care. I love technology. Are you kidding me? If you guys were a tech show, I'd be on here all the time.
Let me guess. You probably had something to say about the beat and groovy or beat meaning.
Because we've been talking a lot about music games tonight.
Beat and groovy is a joke.
I was going to say two things. That was going to be the shorter of two things.
I reiterate what I said before, but I make it worse.
Konami needs to stop releasing in America.
They're not going to hold a candle to what every other company has now done.
And while I think Scratch looks really terrible, it's probably going to perform better, look better, and work better than BeatMania US, quite unfortunately.
And it's probably going to do better because of the music choice.
They never should have closed Hawaii.
And they never should have moved Konami SoCal.
Nope.
Or NorCal, whichever.
And a lot of us gave Konami Hawaii a lot of shit when that first DDR game came out on Xbox, but boy did the second one shut us all up.
It seemed like they, more than any other division, were really listening to people.
I thought we gave them shit because they released DDRPC.
But without DDRPC, we would have never had Mr. Spanky. So, case in point.
Anyhow, sorry. What else besides beat and groovy? Beat and yucky.
Both of you and Loki were pretty wrong on StarCraft II.
The way that they're veiling this, if I'm understanding correctly, I'm seeing two sides to the story, but neither of your opinions matched it.
So here's my take.
The release date is, I don't know if this has actually been mentioned, but the release date for the three StarCraft IIs is probably going to be on the same day or very, very close together, isn't it?
I haven't the clue. I didn't follow BlizzCon that closely, but okay.
I don't think it's been announced. It's just the fact that it's going to be a trilogy and that's what everybody's going over.
The same thing that Bobby was saying, and I'll do it in the same way as him, you're going to buy one game three times, you're going to buy one game three times, and you will buy one game three times.
He's absolutely correct. They are going to take one game, give the same features on all three to play with other people.
That's a good feature. I'm glad they're doing that.
But the campaigns that they're splitting that up like that is pretty annoying.
I'm hoping they... PC games, mainstream PC games come out at like $40 or $50, don't they?
Yeah, that's about right.
I don't play PC games anymore.
Spore was $49, right?
Yeah.
$49.99 for Spore. The price tags... I still have the box here and the price tag still on there, so I would expect that's the price you're going to...
You can't see that on Justin. I would expect that's the price you're going to pay for StarCraft.
I'm hoping and assuming that they're going to make it a little bit cheaper, because $150 just to play a game that presumably you'll want to complete, paying $150 is going to be excessive.
And I'm really hoping that each game is going to be... $25 and $30 even makes it a little bit better.
Cheaper than that would be great, but I'm seriously hoping that all three do not come out at $50 apiece.
But if one does multiplayer... I mean, there's a bunch of people that only play StarCraft for multiplayer. I mean, the hell with single player.
As a matter of fact, this is the funny thing. A couple of months ago, I finally got StarCraft to work on OSX. I have a MacBook Pro, by the way.
Yay!
Anyways, I finally got StarCraft to work on my Mac, and I've been playing through it. I've been playing the campaign and nothing else.
The real rub is I'm playing without cheats, because I've never done that. But I'm playing through the campaigns and nothing else.
Especially now that StarCraft II is coming out, I want to keep doing that.
And all three of the races, I don't prefer the Terrans, but that doesn't mean I don't want to play their campaign.
The story in the first one was magnificent, and I want to play that the whole way through.
Probably multiple times based off what I'm hearing they're doing.
I'm very curious to see, because Blizzard's pretty in tune with their fanbase. I'm very curious to see how they kind of respond to the negativity.
Because you know they will this week. We'll have a follow-up on this.
I'm really hoping that they do it for cheaper, because it would make sense, and they're very good at that.
Alright. Well, Jason, we've got to wrap up and get the show on out of here, but do you have any last thoughts?
Your Netflix achievement was hilarious, and I want to see it happen.
Thank you. And if you have no idea what we're talking about, you'll have to listen to Bobby's show. So there's a plug for Bobby.
There's a plug for Bobby. Do it. Call GameStop on iTunes. Podcast.
And while you're there, leave us a nice review too. By the way, I've got to say, speaking of the iTunes reviews, and if you don't already know, you can leave reviews on iTunes, and it really helps in the ranking of the show, and it gets it a little higher in the list the more people find us. It helps spread the word.
The only name I've seen around is Let's Have Tea. It would fit. And they say, I've been listening to orange on the radio for a few years now, and still today, I've yet to find a podcast that's nearly the same feel as OLR does.
After a few episodes, you'll begin to feel like these people are your friends, rather than your entertainers. Half of that is because the show is made up of three people who are good friends outside the show.
Aww. Doesn't that give you warm fuzzies all over? Make you a little nauseous? Aww. So anyway, sorry. We love the positive reviews.
Absolutely. All right. Jason, we've got to let you go to wrap up, okay? Bye-bye. I don't think you can hear me.
Guys. Oh, see you. Bye. That was kind of an awkward end. All right. Yeah. The Rob D says, gives you warm fuzzies until someone's outside your door asking to hang out.
Well, that's why we always say that, hey, we're based out of Sacramento, but that's about all we tell you. It's a big place. Over a million people.
All right. Anyhow, hey, we've got to wrap up the show. It's that time. Before we wrap up, though, some quick last minute stories.
I actually want to start tonight. Tiger Claw sent me this link, and I thought it was pretty funny.
Microsoft is suing DHL. You know who DHL is? They're kind of like FedEx, UPS, but they're like number three, I think.
Where they hire convicts.
Well, here's the thing. Well, apparently it's come to a head there, because DHL lost 21,600 Xbox consoles.
Damn.
Well, here's the thing. A train derailed in Texas. So because of the train derailment.
It derailed right into my garage.
This is everything. Again, this is coming from a lawsuit. It's been filed in Seattle, of course. That's where Microsoft's based.
Two million dollars in damages from DHL is what they want. It's because of two containers of Xbox consoles that had impact damage, wedding, pilfering, and storage.
And the train derailed around Duke, Texas. So suddenly there's tons of Xbox users in Texas.
If only it were Duke Nukem, Texas.
By the way, this happened on October 13, 2007. So it was quite some time ago, but the legal stuff is slow right now.
So there you have it.
By the way, usually you would just go, well, it's an accident. Why are they being so mean?
Nope. They are saying in the lawsuit that a DHL has not compensated it for the loss and that the delivery service, again, according to the lawsuit, quote,
negligently breached its duties as a common carrier, handler, bailey, warehouseman, agent, or in its other capabilities.
So they're basically saying, you done fucked up and ruined all our Xboxes because of it.
And so that's why they were so short on Xboxes a year ago.
There you have it.
Anyhow, the Rob D. speaks up in chat and says, someone wet on two containers of 360 controllers, keep those 360s out of the bathroom.
I knew that was a bad idea. I think when they fell out of the train, they got in the rain in Spain on the plane.
Do you have any last minute stories, Loki?
Yes, I do, actually. Sure, what's up?
Alright, a bunch of interesting stuff.
First off, XNA games are showing up on Xbox Live, apparently now. I have yet to go actually check this out, but apparently they started launching them.
I think that's what the last update was, remember? They had a live down for a day or so and they were tweaking some shit.
Alright.
But anyways, apparently there are some errors popping up right now, but it says there's two titles seem to be unplayable to average users.
With XNA Creators Club launcher errors popping up even if you have the program installed.
I don't know, so maybe it's something coming, but apparently they had both a free demo and the full versions priced at 100 Microsoft points.
100 Microsoft points ain't a lot.
Shown at Tokyo Game Show, Noby Noby Boy, which has the most weird video I've ever seen. It's basically, I don't even know how to describe the gameplay, but it has a really crazy song that fits in with Katamari Damacy.
Definitely check out the video, it's weird. I don't even know what this is. It's gotta be a Playstation Network title because it looks too simple for an actual full release game.
Left 4 Dead, the demo has been confirmed to be coming out early November, so that'll be fun to check out on Xbox 360 and PC.
Also, another demo that's been kind of confirmed, Mirror's Edge, apparently coming November 6th. This has actually been revealed via GameStop's website because on their little bonus offer thing there it says,
on a special note, Mirror's Edge demo will be available for download November 6th. Interesting.
Lots of Xbox Live Arcade games announced at Tokyo Game Show, lots and lots and lots of stuff.
King of Fighters 98, there's gonna be a brand new Arkanoid game coming to live.
Oh yeah, and the Space Invaders game, I'm so excited about the Space Invaders game, seriously.
Space Invaders Extreme. Joining that will be Metal Slug 7, the game that was supposedly only for the DS.
A brand new R-Type game, R-Type Dimensions, which looks pretty awesome, and like I said before, King of Fighters 98 Ultimate Match will be coming as well.
And no word exactly on when, but man, there's a lot of good stuff in the tubes here.
Let's talk more about R-Type. R-Type Dimensions is actually going to be recreating R-Type 1 and 2, so that's pretty cool.
Other games coming out, Dodon Pachi, and I guess that came out in Japan only, but I don't even know if that's an Xbox Live Arcade game.
Oh man, they have some screens for the new R-Type game, looks awesome. Awesome, awesome. And let's see, I know I've got a lot more here, sorry.
There's a new t-shirt that was shown at Tokyo Game Show for Tatsunoko vs. Capcom. Pretty cool, I think Jimmy would like that.
What was I going to say here? I gave Rob a video for this. They announced, remember that Rock Band reality show?
Well apparently, Rock Band To The Stars will be premiering on VH1 Classic this month, and there's a little promo video for it.
Not really sure what it is, but it says, on October 15th, VH1 Classic will premiere a new reality show called Rock Band To The Stars.
It will feature Alice Cooper and Sebastian Bach as they play host to 12 wannabe rockers as they live in a mansion and compete in different Rock Band 2 competitions.
Here you go, courtesy of EW.com.
Welcome to Rock Band To The Stars. This is about Rock Band 2.
Two legendary frontman, Sebastian Bach and Alice Cooper, will choose their ultimate Rock Band bands from a pool of 15 rabid Rock Band masters.
Each week, the players will face grueling challenges and painful eliminations to find out who rules in all things Rock Band 2.
Rock Band To The Stars premieres this Wednesday during jumpstart videos, only on VH1.
Looks a little silly. Looks very low budget. Very, very low budget. What does TV come to?
I don't know.
I get it. It's a little play on words there.
Yeah. Another funny thing, you know how they have in-game advertising for different things.
EA has a lot of it. Well, Burnout Paradise apparently has Barack Obama banners now on their billboards.
Very interesting advertising, by the way.
And apparently there's a rumor that IGN let slip a new Wii channel. I think we may have talked about this briefly last week.
You know how there was that Bandbrothers DX channel?
Well, they're saying that maybe there's a new channel coming out for Guitar Hero to use your DS on the Wii.
So it's kind of similar to that, but with Guitar Hero.
Huh. That's kind of cool.
And then, let's see here. One thing I thought would be funny to mention, Rob, there's a video advertising Dookapon Kingdom.
And the one thing that they do show advertised on there is they name their character Sassy Pants.
Awesome! What game was this?
Dookapon Kingdom.
They took it from me. That's my WoW character name, by the way. Sassy Pants.
And that's it.
Dark Sakura? Anything on your neck of the woods?
No.
Alright. Oh, we just got this in. Late-breaking news. This is kind of a follow-up to the whole DHL and Microsoft thing going on.
Well, DHL has released its defense as to why all the Xboxes got wet.
Gotta blame it on something, guys.
Come on, Microsoft.
Don't put the blame on us, Microsoft.
It's not like we got out the hose.
Why can't they just own up to it, okay?
No, this is so stupid.
I don't give a shit. Whatever their fucking reason is, while it's in their hands, it's in their care, therefore their responsibility, you fucking own up.
Whatever.
And you know what Microsoft would say to you, Dark Sakura?
Girl, you know it's true. Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts so you can put the nail in the coffin of this program.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is lots of games to play, and there's a lot more coming.
Dark Sakura, your final thought tonight?
Meh.
My final thought tonight is peanut butter.
And that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent podcasting.
If you like what you hear, please consider leaving us a nice review on iTunes or just telling friends about the show.
Because really, word of mouth is how this word of our station travels.
And you know, it's the number one way we get new listeners to our show.
So please, since we do it for free and don't really burden you with commercials or any of that stuff, consider telling some folks about the show.
That's going to do it. We will see you next week for episode number 299 of Orange Launch Radio, if you can believe it.
Sweet shit.
All right. I know. We'll be back. See you then.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
