Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hi, welcome to an experience called Live Radio, where things screw up sometimes. That's kind of sad.
And it's not user error?
It's complete user error.
Okay, I just loaded the wrong one. That's all that happened. Alright.
What?
Alright.
As if we weren't running late already, because, you know.
Here we go. Let's try that again. From the top. Take two.
The following program is intended for mature audiences.
Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto.
Tonight, October 5th, 2008, Nintendo introduces their winner lineup in a new DS.
ACDC comes to Rock Band in a Walmart expansion disc, and can video games really help you save on car insurance?
Orange Lounge Radio
Well hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Why don't you join us live on this Sunday night, October 5th of 2008.
We're chatting in our chat room. Chat.orangelandtrader.com and tape on live on All Games Radio.
www.allgames.com
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show here on Sunday nights.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm here.
Alright, she's here. She's kicking. She's feisty.
Hopefully we'll hear some feisty snark a little later. No, I don't know. I'm just talking you up.
I'll also say, actually kind of boring tonight in reality.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
See there's feisty. What?
I knew you had it in you.
Alright, say hello, as well, to the one and only Techmaster, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
Alright, are you feeling feisty tonight?
Uh, no. I'm starting to get a hang of it.
Oh, I'm sorry. What? Is it something in the air? What you ate?
It's probably allergies or an extra.
That's too bad.
That's usually the one of the two.
Does that have to do with the seasons changing? Because I'll tell you, like overnight.
I know you're only supposed to talk about the weather when you're bored, but here in the OLR headquarters of Sacramento, California
it's been scorching hot and then last week it starts raining and like the the
Climate has completely changed
Allergies have been hitting me a little bit harder lately, but not as hard as they're going to just
You know cuz they're raining and got dry again and kind of warm again. So you get a lot of mold
You know that means though, right?
You get an old ball. No. All right enough weather chat
Let's talk about video games
And of course again join us in our chat room chat that orange on tree calm
If you're listening to us on the podcast
You can always send us emails mailbag at orange laundry calm throughout the week, but consider joining us sometime on a Sunday night
We're always here every week
Just taking away to episode number 300 at the end of this month if you can believe it tonight's episode
297 we're gonna start it off as we always do talking a little bit about our gaming weeks dark soccer
I'll start off with you. How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was a lot of Ragnarok as usual addict. Hey
Okay, mr. World of Warcraft. Hey, what was the last time I said on this show? I played World of Warcraft
When's the last time you actually did?
today, okay
But wait a minute, wait, wait a minute yesterday was the first time in like three weeks, so give me a break
I also watched game shows
Awesome, namely the VP debate
Mm-hmm who wants to be a vice president? Yeah, I don't know. I actually I I won't get into it, but I actually was
Moderately disappointed in one party and moderately impressed by the other party even though I thought they both were kind of I will say this
You know
We'd like to keep our eyes on gaming blogs around the internet and the things they're reporting and of course
I'm sure you guys have talked about or I'm sure you guys have heard about Kotaku
They just ran a story that's towards the top of their feet. It looks like it got pushed at five o'clock today
Sarah Palin in video games and if you haven't seen this article, I'm gonna link it to you guys here in chat and you know
Democrat Republican
Independent I don't care who you are
You've probably seen the jokes about Sarah Palin and hopefully no matter where you stand
I'm not full of nanomachines. You have a sense of humor about it. Look at this
They'd like put her face on all these different
famous video game shots like there's like Tomb Raider Sarah and
And here's Metroid Sarah is the Metroid one actually looks cool and Cortana. Yeah, actually, they're not bad
The Photoshop jobs are actually pretty good. I got to say my favorite one though is uh, you know that one move every zig
Right there from God. What the hell was the game that game all your base are belong to us zero wings. You're wing. Thank you. Oh
My god, that's great. Very nice. I
like Alaskan Avengers
So you can check that out
It looks like it's on Kotaku, but I think it originally comes from a site called pwn or die
Something like that. There you have it. Get your politics on. Hey, no matter where you are, though
Just just vote freaking vote
Play photo the same as one. In fact, I'm feeling politically inspired today because I'm wearing my ECA shirt here
Only the Justin TV folks can see it
I was showing it off earlier
But we have a Justin TV feed that tapes our show even though we're a radio show and not a TV show
So, I don't know why we do it, but the listeners wanted it
So he said all right, if if you want but it's got little controllers on it and it says I got this at PAX
Thanks to Jamie. I'm batting her eyelashes at the ECA booth. It says contrary to popular opinion. These do not make me a killer
How's that because it's supposed to get $5 off because I have my student ID only I didn't have my student ID
And I was like, well crap I could prove I go to school. I have some homework on me
Nice, and so they just gave me another shirt and I paid the full price cool
So Jamie sweet talked her way to my t-shirt. Awesome. All right, so I know how to haggle
What I got some guitar here
I'm not sure here what played um rock band rock band the first one. Mm-hmm because
We had to have get our Jimmy Buffett on this week
And I'll tell you Jimmy Buffett songs are really great when you're out of your brain on Vicodin
Music in general, uh, you know, where do you think drug culture started?
At probably at a Jimmy Buffett concert, but I have to say there's another video and well not really video
But another game related thing going on. What's that my school life? I'm working on an objects in space
Project as in basically just stuff, you know hanging out in open space and whatever and I'm doing a pinball machine
Oh for my art class and my teachers thought it was quite you're gonna take pictures and blog it
Actually, I put it on your Twitter. I'm going to make prints of it
Okay, if it doesn't turn out like utter crap like I feel it will but we still have the space
I've been too lazy on Justin TV
I'm pointing to the space where I kept saying I was gonna get the GameStop whiteboard
Things that what was the things that suck about GameStop or something that we were gonna do
And we saw the space so we could have a picture of it
my husband's told me in no uncertain terms that I have to to have it preserved forever, so I
Figured I'm you know, cuz that's gonna do something for a pinball room. Mm-hmm
So I figured you know, I could do it for the pinball room get a grade for it and maybe people might like it
I don't know. There you go. They just might so alright, so getting a little bit arts
Maybe you could show it in a future video game related art show. Who knows?
I don't think it'd be that good Rob. Oh, you never know. All right, uh Loki. How was your gaming week?
I game week was alright. I played of course
Saints Row in the first one quite a bit because lives been fucked up
For a few days finally started working again around like Wednesday Thursday
But yeah, we were playing some Saints Row multiplayer because it can do system link and you know couldn't play Grand Theft Auto
Then when it started working played more Grand Theft Auto multiplayer because that game is awesome. I actually went back to play some Earth Defense Force
Uh
2017 and
God that game is still very hard
Still very very very chance of an Earth Defense Force 2018 someday. No
Let's see, what else did I play? Oh, I also played
Mercenaries 2 some more did another co-op session with my friend and that was pretty fun
And then of course, you know the the big one I've been playing this week Saints Row 2. Oh my god. This game is awesome
Seriously if you're gonna compare, you know Saints Row 2
to Grand Theft Auto 4, I think the real thing that kind of stands out is
This game is a lot more fun. I guess it's
Right from the get-go very over-the-top very
Just fun to play so it's it's can't be fun
It is kind of can't be fun, but like I'm playing right now through one of the gang missions
through the Brotherhood, which is one of the three will technically four gangs in the game and
It just keeps getting more fucked up as you play it. I mean, I don't want to spoil anything but
They kind of are getting back at each other
You know one does something to the other group and you know in return
they retaliate with something even more harsh and
It's getting nuts
But the game it's got a lot of really good radio stations on the actual, you know vehicles and stuff
They have a lot of good licensed music. In fact, their 80s station is fucking awesome
Did you say something on your Twitter about crashing while you were listening to something?
Oh, no
We were we were flying in a biplane buzzing over a freeway shooting at cars while listening to man
or was it land from down under I mean, that's just it's just so crazy and
There's a lot so that catches you off guard. There's a mission that there is a direct
reference to Jack Thompson in
Just a lot of really fun stuff and I mean this game is literally maybe forget about Grand Theft Auto 4. It's that good now
First I must say though the graphics in the game. They are a step up from the the first game
The glitches there are still some glitches in this game and some pretty bad ones at times
Like there'll be nothing that really stops the game from working. Just kind of like, huh?
Here's here's Loki playing a Saints Row 2
Now
Anyways, I've seen the first act deaf says in chat a man six feet down under yeah get it get it
So, yeah going back to the glitch why we have a chat room there was
One time where I had blown up a bunch of stuff during a mayhem mission and when I came back
You know after the mission was done the park benches hadn't respond, but people are still sitting down like there was benches there
There's another one where I was watching a cutscene with
Some vehicles or whatever in a caravan and each one of the vehicles in the caravan ran into a telephone pole
That was on the corner because they were it's like the AI is sort of off a little bit like in their past
It's just like off
Slightly like there'll be another move you can do with a samurai sword
We can literally like stab someone up through their throat, but it's too high
So you're stabbing above them and it just you know reacts the nose
No, like above their head it just acts like you're reacting to hitting them, but it's not quite right
And this is a release version. Yes, but here's the thing
It doesn't matter though. It's still early awesome and they have like chainsaw kills just like Gears of War
Which you know it sounds like it's not gonna be graphically the greatest game ever or the sound or whatever
But it's just for you. It's just it's fun. It's big dumb stupid blow shit up fun. It is
It's like blow shit up the game. That's pretty much what it is. That's what you've always something like that
But yeah, it's that's pretty much what if you're looking for game is supposed to be like cutting-edge and stuff
This is probably not it for you
But you know as far as you know the activities in this game are definitely a lot better than Grand Theft Auto
And it's a lot of fun, and the story is actually pretty crazy, so
in fact actually the one of the girlfriends in the
Brotherhood kind of looks like that redheaded chick from Final Fantasy 13 that they have in the promo shots lightning so I
Don't know, but we'll us. Hopefully see a little more of this later very nice
Rama says I'm not touching Saints Row 2 until I finish one lol
Yeah, it probably a good thing to finish one because there are I mean
I don't want to spoil anything, but yeah
There's a lot of stuff that ties back actually it's kind of cool about this game is the map itself. It's
Not exactly the same as the first game in fact. It's very different, but there's a lot of parts in here like wow
Hey, I remember that you know like streets and stuff
They're kind of the same, but a lot of it's changed, so it kind of gives you that hey
I've sort of been here before but a lot has changed because you know there's about five years in between the first and second game
a
Retertainment in chat says thank God for patches. How is the developer with patches?
Pretty good, I guess I mean last game
They only do one patch on it
So I didn't really fix a lot of glitches in there are still some glitches from the first game that you can do in
This one like for example if you hop on top of a car and you hit the Y button to get in
You'll just instantly teleport into this inside the car. Just like you could in the first game
I don't know. There's a lot of stuff that they've added in they have a new system for
driving that kind of is like burnout a little bit where if you get points for you know oncoming you know
traffic near misses
Drifting that kind of stuff and you get little
respect bonuses with that and
They have a whole the customization of the characters is just insane
They've added so many different sliders when I literally spent 40 minutes in this game
Setting up my character look like me
So, you know, it's so elaborate with like actually taking pictures of my face and trying to get the proportions, correct?
I don't know. We'll see if it looks correct when we we actually show it off. But uh
They have you can make some really fucked up looking characters in this game though. Seriously, and it's funny because they always comment to you
They're like, did you do something with your hair?
That's nice on me because you could be a totally different gender nice, but they have three different
voices for male and female you can pick from you can pick your
Your stance you they have a taunt and they also have kind of like a a compliment little
gesture you can do they have everything for doing the little jig that uh
What's-her-name did and
To like Michael Jackson's stuff. I have my guy kind of doing that. Hey
And then my my taunt is just you know, flipping someone the bird no, it's funny nice
But yeah, lots lots of customization a really fun game. Seriously. You gotta check it out
All right
I've been playing some new games this week as well
I've been playing the old standbys as well World of Warcraft as I mentioned dark soccer earlier
I just squeezing some more in before the new wrath of Lich King comes out, which by the way
I'm thinking I'm gonna buy at 7-eleven
I was at 7-eleven randomly because I was craving a Slurpee
Like two o'clock in the morning and I actually they have a big old ad there for reserving games
Like wrath of the Lich King and and all these other, you know, like what else was coming out that they were pushing
I
Like, you know other sports games are coming out and all this stuff and I'm thinking who's gonna buy their freaking games at 7-eleven
There's gonna be nobody there the night it launches. So I think that might be where I go to get it. We'll see but also
There's a big big content patch coming to Warcraft on Tuesday and it's gonna change it. It's like the pre
Release patch so it's gonna be most of the major changes are hitting not this Tuesday next Tuesday
So I'm trying to squeeze in the last bit of a burning crusade while I can before the patch
Also been playing rock band 2 tons and tons of rock band 2
I'm having that moment where like today I was at Sonic randomly and you know
I was sitting there talking to a friend of mine and then I heard over the speaker
That's what you get done and I'm like, oh, this is a rock band 2 song. I know this song now
It's pretty bad when I'm going out in public and like oh, hey rock band. I'm like thinking in my mind
Okay, strum strum strum strum
anyhow
New games. I've been playing this week Mega Man 9 finally came out on the Xbox 360
So I decided to pick it up because I wasn't gonna get it on the week
So I don't have the space and then on PlayStation 3
I don't even have yet because a little big planets not out and so I probably won't crack until like next week and get a
PlayStation 3 now, but I did finally get Mega Man 9 and Xbox 360. It's fun. It's hard. It's retro
It's probably everything you've heard about although I will say this the controls were not as bad as I was expecting
I thought the controls are gonna be horrific on the Xbox 360. It actually isn't that bad
I'm actually able to use the analog controller and still kind of get that old-school Mega Man feeling
Which is very necessary especially for you know
Because you know all the old cliches are in it where you have to have perfect timing to jump from block to block or moving
Platform a moving platform where you're gonna fall in spikes and you know be done for
You know what the game is though. It's not that it's necessarily hard. It's just about learning patterns. It's patterns patterns patterns
That's all the old Mega Man games were too. Except I think the difficulty was toned down in them
I think what Mega Man 2 was released here in the US
We got like the Japanese easy version or something like that where it was much easier, you know
That's the one most people remember this game, you know, they don't apologize for the difficulty
But it's just about memorizing patterns, you know a splash woman stage
I probably played that like 25 times and died many many times
But now I can get through it without dying because it's just about memorizing where you jump win. That's that's what it is
It's all pattern memorization. That's it
Rama says Mega Man 9 is on the Mega Man 2 engine hard as fuck
They should have packed a vibrator with the game and told you to stick it in your ass and turn it on high
Wow, I don't know about that. I think that's more of a res application actually
So, yeah, I've played it quite a bit
I've probably sank in at least two hours in the game and I've not even beat like four bosses
I think I've beat three so
But I'm having fun
Also, I've been playing Silent Hill homecoming. I checked out I bought earlier this week and I made a mistake playing Silent Hill homecoming
This week because I'll tell you what
Remember I said earlier in the show when I opened the show it rained for the first time in Sacramento this week
Right for it since February ever. Yeah, I think it was the first time ever
No rain here for like the first time since February. It's been a long time
So we've gotten rain here. So my roommates gone all weekend. He went to Disneyland this weekend the bastard. So he's gone
I'm completely by myself in the house. It's midnight. The winds blowing outside. It's raining and
Suddenly I find myself in Silent Hill
And
It's just scary, you know, we got the ambient music playing, you know
You're kind of this actually track from Silent Hill 3 not the new game. That's right, you know
And I'm just walking around and everything's all dark and scary and I'll tell you what this game
Totally relies on cheap thrills, you know
like I'll be walking around and exploring trying to find the other half of the x-ray so I can solve that first little puzzle and
Then BAM the wheelchair falls down from the staircase and scares the fucking shit out of me
Because all you have is like a little lot of flashlight, right and then um
God, there's also like a part where you're just like walking through a hall and a fucking body just falls out the ceiling
This game definitely relies on a lot of boo tactics, but it definitely has that ambience as well to it
Um, the graphics aren't quite as good as I would have expected for a next generation Silent Hill game
But it's by no means bad. It's probably on par with the last generation of games, but just a widescreen and a little bit crisper
Um tiger class when I saw a pyramid head was I scared and screaming with joy. Here's the thing
I didn't get far enough because that night seriously after the wheelchair found out that fell down the staircase and
My no, I'm not even kidding with you
My front door blew open right after that happened because of the wind and I was like fuck this
I can't play this game right now. So I turned it off. I tried playing a little more
I played for about another 90 minutes the next day and I noticed there was a distinct lack of save points
But I got through the first little area and got to another one
But I haven't gotten to pyramid head yet
Which I you know that tells you I'm not that far in the game at all
So I I can't give a full review to this game because I haven't really seen enough of it
But I definitely can already tell it's it's worthy of being a Silent Hill game. And if you like cheap scares
You'll enjoy it
Henderson man in chat says Silent Hill looks better than that siren crap and I couldn't get into siren. Hmm. I
will say though in the very very beginning of the game is one of those places where it starts to turn from
Day to night, you know good Silent Hill dark Silent Hill or whatever you want to call it and that's creepy is very creepy
But it's pretty much the same. It's a cinematic. It's not really something that happens live as is going on
So Henderson man does confirm the save points are few and far between so when you see a save point in Silent Hill
Cherish it. Although from what I understand
The game does kind of autosave as you go so that if you do die
You don't have to go all the way back to your last save point
But if you turn it off you do so there you go. I'm having fun with Silent Hill homecoming
I will play more of it this week
Maybe not when I'm home by myself though, because it's a little bit scary a little bit scary. All right, that's our gaming weeks
Let's talk a little bit about housekeeping of which we don't have a whole lot to say except in three weeks is episode number
300 of our show we'll have more details on that when we get a little bit closer to it because we really haven't planned anything yet
also
Don't forget to check us out on our live journal at username orange lounge or our Facebook the ol army just search for ol army
Under groups or our myspace at username orange lounge radio or the Twitter at olr. Yes
That's four different social networking sites and four different names that we have on each of them
We have a real problem with consistency here at our launch radio
All right. Let's get into some gaming news tonight. There's just a
Part a tonight is almost all Nintendo news. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's a little press conference
They had just dominated the news this week tons and tons of Nintendo news. So that's what we're gonna start tonight, right?
Loki yes, and of course the big news coming out of Nintendo's press conference was that they're announcing the brand new revision for the DS
Boy, we didn't see that coming
And apparently the new DS is called a DS. I what makes it different is it's slightly smaller
It is missing the Game Boy Advance slot, but replacing it with a brand new SD memory card slot
Also, the system has two cameras on it a point three megapixel camera
Which will be facing the user kind of in between the two touch or the one touch screen and the other screen there
Also, there is a 1.3 megapixel camera on the outside
the screens are slightly larger now there are three and a quarter inches and
And you can also sync your photos with the Wii photo channel and also will include a free web browser application built inside as well
Also, just like the rumor said you can play back your music on there. It will be using AAC
compliant music files, so no mp3s unfortunately and
Is scheduled to ship November 1st in Japan in both black and white and will cost
approximately
178 dollars US or
189,000 yen and
Yeah, it's kind of cool US
Not getting it for a while
unfortunately
So why because they hate us yes because they hate us
I see and because they say that the DS is selling so well over here
Not anymore now that you announced a brand new version that will be coming out next year stupid
God
but uh
Yeah, and also the other big thing about it is there will be a new DS
I shop where you'll be able to download games kind of like we wear, but you know for the DS and
Some of the games there range from free to about 800 points, so
kind of cool
You're obviously the homebrew fan on this show and Tiger Claw and chat says the DS homebrew community are gonna pretty much find ways
To hack the DS I says they can use the SD cards to do all sorts of things. Yes fault
yes, definitely and you know the
The memory card thing will definitely help also the fact that there's cameras built into it
I'm assuming there's gonna be a little bit more RAM built into it as well
it just
It's not gonna be that hard especially since it has to play all the other
DS or the yeah the DS cartridges so at the very least it will
Still work the way the DS does as far as homebrew step goes so does this mean you're gonna kind of want one
Yeah, the thing though that you have to understand though with this one
And I thought that they had onboard storage as well like a little bit of onboard storage
I could be wrong though is that this one will probably be able to receive any some sort of firmware updates
Whereas the other ones weren't I don't know
But what if this didn't have the SD card slot on it?
Would you still be as interested or would it be not interested because there's no way to hack it no
I'd still be interested really. Yeah, you can still hack it. I mean you just
Do it the way you're doing it now is it the camera?
What it what is it you are?
You just want a new system to hack or do you want you like the other features?
No
I like the the cameras and I'm interested to see because they're gonna have games that they're releasing for it that are only
Dsi games, so it's not gonna be able to be played on the DS
So I'm kind of wondering what other features they're gonna have on there, or how they're gonna utilize different things
I guess we have a lot of time, so we'll get to see, you know, what comes out in Japan first, I guess.
Comments from Chaurum.
Segg says, about the web browser,
it's roundabout free. Each DSI will get 500 Nintendo points, known as Wii points formerly,
which can be used to buy the 500 point opera browser on the DSI.
I heard about that whole 500 free points thing they were supposed to be doing.
Thoughts? I think that the web browser is just free anyways for like,
it's kind of like how it was when it came out over here,
where it's free for a while and now they charge for it.
I like this comment too. I want to read this.
The Rob D in our chat room, chat.orangelandradio.com says,
you can't play your older games, you get a lousy camera, you get an SD slot,
you spend more money, and you get to spend more money in the shop. Yay.
Wait, I have to admit, I kind of agree. I'm not that excited about this little device.
In fact, I've been jokingly call it the DSI phone, because that's pretty much what it is,
but without the phone. It's kind of like an iTouch.
So it's a DSI phone, no, iPod light or touch or whatever?
An iTouch, yeah, DSI touch or whatever you want to call it.
In my mind, that's kind of what they're trying to do with this whole download store thing,
is that it's kind of trying to mirror that applications thing that the iTouch or the iPhone does,
which, you know, I don't think they're trying to copy or anything,
because this thing's probably been in development for a long, long time, but I don't know.
I can't... Here's the thing. I think I'm going to have to get one anyway,
because you know there's going to be that game that comes out at some point
where you have to use the camera that, you know, Nintendo just freaking does this.
There'll be some Mario game I'm going to want to get.
If this is as secure as the Wii was with their virtual console and their, you know, WiiWare games,
I don't think we'll have to worry about spending money on the application store.
Well, but hold on though. I mean, you know, come on.
I don't like to do that unless it's usually like import stuff or things you can't get here,
because, you know, I like to support stuff that's good, but, you know...
No, I'm wondering though if they're gonna...
They haven't announced yet anything about the virtual console stuff.
I wonder if some virtual console games will be compatible with this,
because that'd be kind of cool.
That might... You know what?
That alone would actually make me seriously consider getting one,
because that would really justify all those purchases I've been making.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, because can you imagine download to your SD memory card slot or whatever for like...
Maybe, you know, stop it at like Super Nintendo games or something like that.
I've gotten to the point where I've gotten really cynical when it comes to Nintendo,
because I'm like, well, yeah, that would be cool, but they're not gonna do it.
They're not... Or there'll be some...
There'll be an adapter that you're gonna have to pay 40 bucks for that'll do it.
You know, I'm...
I've gotten really cynical when it comes to Nintendo just based on history at this point.
So I don't get excited about these types of things anymore.
It's kind of sad.
Uh, Tigerclaw says, DSI also opens a new can of worms.
People will be sharing very inappropriate photos with each other via PictoChat.
Oh, great.
So if I go into the Penny Arcade Expo room at next year's PAX 09 and DSI or whatever,
am I gonna get cock shots all over my DS from people put...
Or from people putting it down their pants and taking a picture?
Maybe.
Hooray.
But...
But...
What?
But what?
I might get boob shots too.
I might.
I wouldn't mind that.
All right, uh, if you want to chat on this, uh, chat.orangeonstrategy.com.
Other things that were announced at Nintendo's press conference.
Speaking of SD cards, finally, and you know this has been a big thing for me lately,
I've bitched and bitched and bitched and belly ached and cried and been a big baby
about the fact that I do not believe I should have to remove my games from the Wii
to put them on a card and then bring them back.
You know, this whole, like, slow process.
I think they just should address the stupid onboard storage problem on the Wii
and they finally have.
You will finally be able to load channels directly from the SD cards in spring of 2009.
The biggest duh in the world.
The thing that we knew should have been there the whole freaking time.
Finally, they are installing in spring of 2009.
Why is it taking till spring 2009?
Why can't they do it now?
I mean...
I think they honestly didn't program it in to begin with and there's all the bug...
I think what they're trying to do, they're trying to close up homebrew loops with this too.
I bet you that's what they're trying to do.
When they release this patch, they're going to do their damnedest to stop the exploiting.
They're not going to stop it, but I guess they feel they have an obligation
to all the people that developed for their system to try.
Good luck with that.
Maybe you should talk to Sony and see how well that went with them and the PSP.
Were they up the home...
Don't you think they owe it to their developers to try?
Yeah, they owe it to their developers to try, but you know...
I don't think it's really hurting them right now as far as it's not allowed...
Well, I guess it could allow piracy, but so far the community has been good about keeping that out.
They do have a thing to load ISO's off of the memory cards or whatever,
but it doesn't work really well.
Here's why the update's taken forever.
They don't want you to copy stuff on your SD card,
take it to your friend's house and put it on their Wii.
So they're having to come up with the whole,
how are we going to get around this copy thing?
And the DRM basically, they're implementing DRM.
That's part of the testing that's pushing this thing back.
They already have DRM implemented.
Because if you save...
I guess it's true.
They're Nintendo, it takes them fucking forever to do something.
There, that's it.
We'll just leave it at that.
They're also the masters of making us buy new things.
But guess what?
To be fair, this is a free update.
It's not something that's going to cost us any money,
except for the fact that Nintendo-branded SD cards
are always $10 more than the other ones.
Well, then don't buy them.
I know, don't.
Well, here's the other thing that you're going to have a problem with too,
is they haven't announced that they're going to expand
the number of channels you can have,
so you're still fucked.
You're going to run out of channels eventually.
Well, but maybe that's just kind of a given.
I'm not going to hold that against them yet.
And that is a lot of space.
Or maybe the thing's smart enough to fill in with more channels.
I don't know, has anybody ever filled the damn thing up?
I imagine it's possible.
If you download nothing but Nintendo games.
And what happens?
You just can't put any more?
You can't put any more.
Wow, that sucks.
Huh.
Patch!
All right.
Oh, it might be a part of this patch that you'll add new channels.
I'm not getting negative about that yet.
But we'll see.
More to come in 2009.
Well, as far as other things that are going to be coming out for the Wii,
the Wii Speak channel was unveiled.
It actually, Wii Speak is the microphone peripheral
that's coming with Animal Crossing and is getting its own channel.
Um, and that's about all that we know right now.
That it's just Wii Speak.
So it's going to get its own channel, though,
so it's not something you're going to have to use Animal Crossing for.
You can just...
I would assume.
But, you know, there's no true details yet, so we'll just have to wait and see.
I mean, I'm actually thinking that something like that would work for them to do,
like, karaoke games.
Hmm.
Wouldn't that be cool?
That'd be interesting.
Um, or just call your friends.
I mean, seriously.
Well, but, but...
Do you really...
Well, hold on, hold on.
Nintendo...
Long distance costs money, minutes cost money,
that's why VoIP is getting popular.
So I...
Yeah, but most people have, like, you know, pretty decent phone plans.
I mean, hell, people are spending, like, 100 bucks a month on stupid unlimited plans.
Hell, my plan, which is dirt cheap, has unlimited nights and weekends,
and, you know, long distance is included in there.
I mean, seriously, just...
Okay, what if I want to talk to someone at four in the afternoon?
I have a cell phone.
Hmm.
I don't have a landline.
I know, I don't have a landline either.
But myself, I only have so many daytime minutes on my cell.
Maybe I want to talk to people, or maybe...
The one other thing is that, you know, maybe I want to talk to rooms,
like, you know, so we can talk to a party.
I text.
I text more than I talk on the phone,
and Dan uses his phone pretty much only people call him or business,
and you get those rollover minutes and there you go.
Um, Sagan Chat says,
WeSpeak will also use friend codes for chatting with friends,
and follows up with, I don't know,
WeSpeak would make a great room phone.
Groups talking to groups.
That's what I'm saying.
Network parties together.
That's going to be its biggest benefit.
But yeah, I think the friend codes for WeSpeak is a given.
I cannot imagine a Nintendo place
where you could go into a room and chat with strangers.
Can you imagine the potential for horrible stories that come with that?
You know what would be cool?
What?
Is doing the next Mario Party game with the voice over IP.
Okay.
So you can, like, talk shit to everybody you're playing with.
Okay, nice.
Call them dirty whores when they get a higher, you know.
That's an awesome idea,
which is why it'll never be implemented ever.
I know, sad.
You have to understand, they come up with these ideas,
they're all, sorry, that's too cool for our console.
You could kind of do that on Xbox Live now,
except you're going to have to settle for Fusion Frenzy 2.
I've put my phone on speaker.
In which case, I think I'd rather chew glass.
There's always Vivo Piñata Party, which is slightly better.
So instead of chewing glass, Rob would want to chew plastic.
Mario Party is definitely the top tier, you know what I mean?
All right.
Let's move on.
You should make your own party game.
What would an Orange Launch Radio Party game be?
Well, it'd have your weirdo map all over the place.
Get naked and tell your friends.
No, like Mario Party, except you've got, like, weapons.
And, like, you can get a tank, or a Humvee with a rocket launcher on it.
Mortal Kombat Party.
And, and, and, and, and.
What?
Sometimes the dice will have dirty commands on it,
and there'll be lots of guys making out.
Wait, lick, kiss, suck.
You've got the dirty dice part of the game.
Dirty? I don't know.
You have to roll them for guys making out.
Okay.
Anyways.
Sadly, I think no one would buy this game.
Yes, exactly.
So, a game that someone might buy.
Pikmin.
They're actually doing a brand new series of games called Play on the Wii, or Wii Day Asobu.
And I guess, of course, Pikmin is going to be one of the first games.
Basically what they're doing, it's kind of like what they alluded to before,
like they're, like, kind of a matter of fact stuff when they're talking during E3.
They're just like,
yeah, you know, who's to say that we couldn't take, I don't know, GameCube games and just,
I don't know, throw the Wii controls onto them and release them for cheaper?
And didn't everybody say back then,
oh, just you wait, here comes the tidal wave, everything will be re-released.
And, sure enough, here they go, they're re-releasing Pikmin,
basically the GameCube version with, you know, fucking Wii controls thrown in there, woohoo.
And, yeah, so that'll be the first game that's going to be part of that.
But, never fear though, it's not actually the Pikmin game they were talking about before,
which, you know, Miyamoto alluded to.
He is actually making a new Pikmin game, so, you know, this is not, like, you know,
hey, we're going to release a new Zelda game.
Oh, just kidding, it's the old Zelda game.
I'm actually kind of okay with this whole re-releasing of games things,
because you know everybody has that one game that they want out of this.
For me, it's F-Zero, and, you know, maybe there's people that won't win Waker, I don't know.
Isn't there something on GameCube, or what about, like, Metroid Prime 1 and 2?
There's got to be something you want out of this, right, Loki?
Uh, no.
Maybe win Waker, but that's it.
Anyways, the Pikmin game is coming out December 25th in Japan.
It's going to be available for 3,800 yen, and that's approximately $36 US.
And, also, some other games that are going to be coming later on.
Nintendo is going to be re-releasing Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, apparently on...
Okay, that doesn't make any sense.
But with the lack of beat.
Yes, I guess before Pikmin, even though this was supposedly the first game,
but Donkey Kong Jungle Beat will be coming out on December 11th in Japan.
Also coming soon will be Chibi-Robo Pikmin 2, Mario Tennis, Metroid Prime, Metroid Prime 2, and...
Of course, of course.
That's it, no word on release dates for the rest of those.
But, um, yeah.
That's kind of cool, I guess.
You know, because the Wii certainly doesn't have enough GameCube ports.
All right.
I'm currently depressed.
While Loki was reading that story, what happened?
I pulled my DS out of my purse because I was looking for something, and the corner broke off.
How did that happen?
I don't know.
It must have gotten broken in my purse.
That sucks.
I guess I have to get a DSi now.
That's what she does.
No, but she's totally serious.
She was just showing it.
The corners, like, snapped off.
Yeah, I'll put it on the camera.
Is that how you get the husband to buy you new toys?
Aw, Dan, I broke it.
Get toys anyway.
It doesn't matter.
Dan, I broke it.
I'm sorry.
I need a new one.
Here, you know, I have a-
No, I can fix this with, um, duct tape and silicone glue.
There ain't nothing duct tape can't fix.
Seriously, just look at it.
I can fix it with silicone glue.
If you guys want these games, I mean, why don't you just buy the original GameCube games?
Remember, they do play on the Wii.
But, but, but enhanced Wii controls.
Really?
Widescreen.
Have you known, have you known any games that the game, or that the controls actually enhance
the, you know, the playability?
How many times, how many people were, you know, prefer to play on the GameCube controller
for, like, Mario Kart and Smash Brothers?
Is it really enhancing stuff?
I'm sorry, no.
It's just gonna get people to, I don't know, buy more of their products, and it's an excuse
they're saying, look, we're still releasing first-party products.
Oh, but they are remakes.
What if the games are only 20 bucks?
That's about how much a lot of the GameCube games still cost, like the old Smash Brothers.
If they're 20 bucks, then awesome.
Alright.
Would you consider buying them if they were only 20 bucks?
No.
Darkstalker is currently showing off that the DS does still work over on our Justin TV feed,
which you can see at Justin.tv slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Meanwhile, back to more news about the DSi, and earlier, Loki had mentioned that there's
gonna be a store that's opening up, and that's why I kind of joked that it's the DSi phone,
but it is opening up, and they've already announced what the first few games are gonna
be available on the DSi shop, but guess what?
They are games that you can already get in a traditional card format.
Brain Age 1 and Brain Age 2, but, but, but retooled.
So that means they're gonna have some extra new feature that's gonna want to make you
buy these games again, and that's what Reggie Fils-Aime announced at the US press event
that is Brain Age 1 and Brain Age 2, even though the games have already sold over 10
million units, it just made the most sense to be the kickoffs for the new DSi shop.
See, I'm wondering though when the microtransactions are gonna start, because you know before too
long in this DSi shop, it'll be download new games for Brain Age, not like necessarily
a full blown Brain Age 3, but like download new brain training sequences as if they were
rock band songs.
You know it's coming, right?
That's why they're doing this.
They want a piece of the microtransaction pie, and the, the Wii wasn't really set up
to handle it very well, even though I guess maybe Rock Band 2 is gonna have it after all,
but still.
Why not?
The DS is out there.
Tons and tons of people have one.
It's a hugely popular system.
I have a broken one!
Let's bring microtransactions to it.
Let's get you to buy another DS system.
Maybe Nintendo will sell you some duct tape for 500 Nintendo points.
Because really the DS is just kind of like an upgraded Game Boy Advance, and how many
times did they try to get you to buy the Game Boy?
Yeah.
But, but, but.
Too many.
But, but, but.
I have to get another one now.
And besides, with them releasing a new system, like the DSi, they can release Mario, Super
Mario Brothers DSi, and Mario Kart DSi, and Metroid DSi.
How about CSI DSi?
Rob?
The what?
CSI DSi.
CSI DSi?
I like that idea.
Yeah, that would be like a major awesome marketing point.
That would be awesome.
Alright, let's move on.
I'm going to weep.
Why?
I'm weeping inside of my soul.
Why, because you're your DS?
I am.
Can we have a moment of silence, please?
Silence, please.
Excuse me.
Alright, there we go.
The ferret would like to make a statement on behalf of my poor, broken, like me, DS.
And what could that be?
Game news!
Senate Punishment 2!
It's coming on Wii.
That's it.
Um, interesting, because Sin and Punishment 1 was never really released in the US.
So that's kind of interesting.
I mean, it was.
We got it on Virtual Console.
Yeah, years later on Virtual Console.
That thing must have sold real well for them to want to bring that out over here.
Because that's an interesting game to dig out of the archives.
It's pretty badass looking, though.
Yeah, is that something you might be interested in picking up?
Yes.
It's looking pretty cool to me.
I wanted the first one to come out, although we didn't pick up the Nintendo 64 one online,
but, you know.
You can always maybe get an import one of the real thing.
But they're probably hard to come by at this point.
I doubt it.
I've seen them.
I've seen carts.
You can get imported Nintendo 64 carts for not bad.
Alright.
Well, hey, if they release a demo or something, or I can play a little bit of it, maybe I'll
buy it.
It looks interesting.
Yep, and we need more reasons to buy games.
And Nintendo has now provided us with yet another reason to buy games.
And that would be Club Nintendo is finally coming to North America by the end of this
year.
And you'll be able to get points with their loyalty program.
And by earning points, by purchasing their games, and I guess accessories, I'm not really
sure about that.
You will be able to trade those points in for Nito rewards, like different accessories
that are exclusive to the program.
You might remember in Japan they did some of those Game & Watch DS games.
There was a Tingle Balloon Flight game, or Balloon Fight.
There was that weird Power Rangers looking thing.
I don't know.
But yeah, lots of exclusive stuff.
So that's pretty cool.
Hopefully we don't get lame shit on our side, you know?
Because they may have Club Nintendo and it's like, stickers!
Temporary tattoos.
Plastic rings.
Wallpapers, yay.
Mario underwear, yay.
Well, I've registered a lot of old Nintendo games on Nintendo's official site just in
case something like this ever happened.
Am I going to get credit for that?
No, you're not.
I'm not registering anything else until this comes out.
Because I bought Wii Fit this week.
It doesn't matter because there's going to be something different.
There's a different Club Nintendo thing that you're going to have to register, not the
actual games themselves.
But isn't that where the whole...
Well, isn't that what I get the points from?
Yes, but that's going to be something separate.
Well, then why should I continue to register?
Why should you continue to buy anything from them?
That's what I say.
Well, if they put out a good game, I'm going to buy it.
And I wanted Wii Fit anyway, because I'm fat.
So...
Rob.
What?
Come here.
Stand up.
Stand up.
Put your microphone down.
Stand up.
Come this way, because I'm not getting up.
Hold out your hand.
Ow!
Now, S-T-F-U.
Whatever, I need to tone.
But you're not fat.
All right, now that I've been...
Chest-ized!
...abused during this program, can we please...
It's not abuse, it's chest-isement.
Can we please move on with gaming news?
Oh, it's me.
Hey.
Yeah, Rob.
All right, well, the game The Conduit.
Lots of people have been looking forward to this, because it's all sci-fi, futuristic
y, first-person, shootery, but hey, it's on the Wii.
Apparently...
Here's the weird thing.
The Conduit was announced at the press event that it's going to be an exclusive first-party
shooter.
That's because she's a dumbass.
A lot of people got really excited about it.
Who do we mean by she, Loki?
The dumbass.
The one that talks about, you know, snowboarding, her son is so awesome because he makes cards
for her...
Cami Dunaway.
Cami Dunaway.
Yes, the dumbass.
All right.
So, um, here's the thing.
So, apparently, you know, it was called the first-party title, but then, a little later,
apparently, it actually was retracted that, uh, Nintendo is not actually publishing The
Conduit.
I knew right away that she was an idiot when she said that.
I'm like, it said, you know, first-party shooter.
I'm like, she meant first-person shooter.
She's just dumb.
Whatever.
But really, I wouldn't be surprised if they picked this up, and I think that they should
anyways because, come on, man.
Seriously.
Um, I guess the only concern would be that they're competing with themselves.
Does it really matter?
I mean, is it just, like, the ad dollars and the marketing push that'll come out of it
depending on who picks it up?
You know, who's got the money to sell it?
I guess.
The game is, it's not going to change a damn thing about the game itself, right?
No, it's not, but it's just that if there's a publisher, then it means it's coming out
sooner.
It's just, you know, that.
And I don't understand why anyone wouldn't publish this game anyways.
There's been so much hype around it, and Nintendo's been pushing it so much anyways, and they
don't have a publisher yet.
I mean, it's kind of retarded to be pushing a game that's not going to be coming out anytime
soon, but whatever.
Well, I don't know.
Loki, this looks like something, and you've talked about this game before.
Is this a, do you care who publishes it, or you can get the game, or what?
No, I don't care.
All right.
Well, then let's move on.
Well, then let's move on.
Well, Ian, remember that we talked about the game that even a penguin could play?
And, Rob, you like penguins!
I love penguins!
Rob, that's why you should be running Linux.
Hi!
Well, you know, I like penguins just not that much.
Penguins.
Anyway.
That's why you should be wearing tuxedos, Rob.
I know, and that's why I should live in Antarctica.
And you should eat tuna.
You know, there's warm water penguins.
All right, well anyway, what about the damn penguin game?
Anyway, the penguin game is actually made by Yuji Naka that's called Let's Tap, which
is, and it has nothing to do with penguins, I think.
Like tap dancing?
I don't know, but I guess it's supposed to be another kind of, I guess, I don't know
if it's a music kind of game, but you use the Wiimote face down.
You basically, the game is played by facing the Wiimote, right?
You put it face down on something, a surface, and you hit that surface with your fists,
and it makes the Wiimote bounce, and then you use that in different little mini games.
Interesting.
I still think Let's Tap sounds-
Can I continue with my story, too?
Well, Let's Tap sounds like a tap dancing game to me.
I don't know if you remember this.
Well, also, first of all, had I not been interrupted, I would have actually said something about
games.
Oh, that's what we do on this show.
All right, what else?
Well, the other game is one called 428, which is a game that uses real photos of people
in the city with text on it, but it was actually shown in the whole show role thing that they
did at the conference.
So this will be out in December.
I think we should release a sequel to Let's Tap called Let's Tap That Ass, or Let's Tap
That Keg.
There you go.
It should be like WarioWare, but everything is tap, you know?
Anyway, it pops, so it's all tap.
Tap Keg!
Also, release date for Let's Tap will be on the 4th of December.
Nice.
National Penguin Day.
Is it?
No, I made that up.
All right, we'll see.
Uh, yes.
Let's Read a Book.
That should be a game that comes out on DS.
Let's Read a Book.
Let's Read a Book.
Let's Get Edumacation.
Let's Watch Television Instead.
I wouldn't be surprised if they came out with Let's Read a Book.
I mean, seriously, some of the stuff that they come out with?
Weird.
Let's Poop.
Yeah.
So, um, anyways, there's some other announcements that they made during the second day of their
press event, and these were, of course, um, new WiiWare games, and of course the first
one, which I think they've already talked about before, Tetris Party.
It's a brand new Tetris game.
In fact, there's modes in it that kind of look like Luminous a bit, and, um, they're
actually going to even have a mode where it's called, um, Squat Mode, where you play using
your ass on, um, the Wii Balance Board, and you drop your pieces that way.
Squat?
I don't like hearing you squat and drop your pieces.
Yeah, I pay good money for my Wii.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah, they went there.
Um, and then of course, um, there's another game, which they're comparing to Little Big
Planet.
I'm sorry, no.
That's not even close.
But it's called Boings, because there's a Z at the end, because that's hip and cool.
Um, it's from the company Ninja Bees who have put out a bunch of other games which all seem
to look similar to each other, and, um, I guess they were saying that this game's kind
of, uh, Little Big Planet meets LocoRoco, and, um, it's a 2D, 3D puzzler platformer,
and it's gonna be, I guess it follows these elastic creatures who are called the Boings,
and, um, they can be grabbed and stretched and flicked across 30 levels of the game.
And I guess the game should be coming out pretty soon, because it's just been submitted
to Nintendo for approval, and, uh, should be out either October 20th or 27th.
Is no Little Big Planet, though, that's for sure.
But seriously, all their games look similar.
Um, I guess the Tetris one kind of looks interesting.
We'll see.
It's neat.
Um, by the way, we were talking about TapIt obviously a little bit ago.
Our chat room broke out in a game of BopIt.
Oh, wait, you remember BopIt?
BopIt!
Twist it!
Pull it!
You remember that whole thing?
The little device?
You had one of those.
I don't think I have one.
You had one.
I had one a long time ago.
Because I remember us trying to do it very drunkenly at one of those fantastic parties
that used to occur at your place.
Yeah, that was before OLR was on the air.
That was years ago.
But yeah, that was, uh, good times.
And anyway, I was trying to look on that for a clip of that commercial on YouTube to play
in the background, but all I could find were commercials for Kidz Bop.
I didn't want to play those on the air.
It would be kind of frightening.
Can you imagine if there was a Kidz Bop Sing Star?
All right, we've got to wrap up the Nintendo Press Conference, but there are so many more
games we didn't even begin to talk about.
Like Punch Out!
Hello, Punch Out!
Also, a new WarioWare game's coming out.
Mario & Luigi 3.
We have some of the other games that were coming out announced.
For the Wii, there's a Klonoa remake, apparently.
Or it might be a new...
No, it's a remake.
Door to Phantomville, it's new.
Klonoa, Klonoa!
There is a karaoke game coming from Hudson.
Punch Out!
We didn't even talk about that, but it looked like in the previews there was King Hippo
was back in it.
I know, I heard you.
A game called Cosmic Walker, which is a spacewalking game.
A memory game called Start with 100 Words.
But Klonoa.
I know there is...
Remember these 100 words or you die!
Forever Blue 2 Beautiful Ocean, the sequel to Endless Ocean, was also announced.
And, and, and, some video from Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Echoes of Time that connects
the DS to the Nintendo Wii.
Wasn't this supposed to be a launch title?
Klonoa.
Shut up!
Maybe?
Trace Memory, also known as another code.
Wand of Magic, an action RPG.
That's all on the Wii.
And then, of course, plenty of crap on the DS as well, including Mario & Luigi RPG 3
and another WarioWare game.
And, uh, a 3D version of Picross is supposed to come out as well.
Wow, that sounds boring.
And a fortune-telling game.
You remember the old Taboo game on the NES?
I remember Klonoa.
I'm gonna kill you in your sleep.
But, oh, Jamie, Jamie, this game's right up your alley.
This is, uh, this is great.
Uh, Wagga, wait, what is this?
Wagamama Fashion Girls Mode.
It's a fashion game from Nintendo.
But Klonoa.
No, Klonoa's not in it.
I have Klonoa.
That game has a sad bummer ending.
Spoiler!
This show's gonna have a bummer ending if you don't shut up about Klonoa.
Voldemort kills Klonoa.
Really?
Klonoa sounds like a sexually transmitted disease.
It kind of does, actually.
Oh.
Hey, uh, that's about it we have for the Nintendo Press Conference.
But in our pre-OLR Twit that we asked on the Twitter, uh, it's Twitter.com slash OLR,
we asked this question to you guys.
Did Nintendo's press conference this week make up for their lackluster E3 showing?
Why or why not?
Loki, what do you think before we get to the Twitter answers?
Um, I thought that they made up for it a little bit, but there's still no mention of Disaster
Day of Crisis, which I heard that they're waiting to see how it does in Europe before
they release it over here.
What?
I mean, that's kind of retarded.
Seriously, you're just waiting to see how it does in Europe?
That's gonna piss people off.
Um, but, I mean, I don't know.
I'm kind of, it was a little bit more exciting than what they showed at E3, but at the same
time, I look at what they're putting out.
A remake of Punch-Out.
A remake of Pikmin.
Uh, I don't know.
You know, a sequel to a game that we didn't get over here, which looks alright.
But it's just, you know, it's just okay.
It's something like, woo, awesome.
So in other words, you wanted more original IPs.
I want something a little bit, you know, they could have just shown Disaster Day of Crisis,
because that actually looked pretty cool.
What about Conduit?
They did show Conduit.
I mean, that's a new thing.
Yeah, they showed Conduit, which, who knows when the hell that's gonna be published.
In fact, um, there was something I heard about, like, WeMotion Plus being added to it, and
so that means it's not coming out until after March.
Probably, probably fall of next year by this, no, this time.
You know, what are they, Sony?
Seriously.
Alright, uh, DarkSakura, what do you think?
Did they redeem themselves from E3, or?
Um, I don't know.
I really don't know.
It's kind of one of those things where you have to have, sometimes these press conferences
look great, but then when you actually use the things that are teasing?
I really, it's a really wait and see thing for me.
It really is a wait and see thing for me.
Just because I've gotten excited about stuff.
And then found out it to be a big load of crap, and I don't like to be excited about
loads of crap.
I would rather think, oh, that looks like crap, and be pleasantly surprised.
The conference was okay for me.
There wasn't anything that made me squee.
I think that's the thing.
It was missing that certain Nintendo, that Nintendo fanboy squee giggle, I love you,
Nintendo, have my babies, that was kind of missing.
Well, then I'm glad you got something out of it, but for me, there wasn't really any
of that.
Seriously, punch out, punch out didn't look that, I mean, it just looked updated, like
graphics wise.
I mean, that's something that could have been released on WiiWare.
Yeah, it doesn't look that different.
It's just like, ooh, look, now it's like cel shaded.
Awesome.
Is it any different?
All right, well, let's see what your Twitter users thought.
GS68 says, sin and punishment too.
Too bad I was in computer lab when I read that, so I had to contain my phantasmic screens.
DJ Rama S says, nope, as much as I like the DSi and the new games, still wasn't much to
bring to the table.
Nice try, Nintee, see you next year.
Act Def says, at first I thought it was going to be the same lackluster conference for the
exception of the DSi, but then Nintendo went on and it was better.
Crows said, yeah, at least this one wasn't about cowbells, animal crossing, Wii sport
puppies, Wii music, or crazy drummers.
I don't want the new DS.
Dark Tetsuya says, well, I wasn't crazy about the idea of buying another DS revision.
However, the new punch-out sounds kick-ass even without Tyson.
Here's, okay, real quick.
Here's what's bugging me about Nintendo.
They're not trying to innovate at all.
They're not.
They're just putting out what they can get by is something new.
Well, hold up, though.
Oh, and wasn't the Wii console itself innovation?
That's fine, but they did that, what, a couple years ago?
Now it's time for something new.
Time to keep up with the innovations.
No, don't encourage them to put out new peripherals.
No, I'm not talking about new peripherals.
I'm talking about something new and innovative with the stuff that they already have.
I mean, look at Animal Crossing.
Oh, we added Wii Speak to it now.
I mean, seriously, that is just tacked on right there.
I mean, punch-out.
Oh, now it's just like Wii Boxing, but it's cel-shaded.
Big deal.
It's not anything new.
It's not a new IP.
It's not anything new.
It's just old made slightly new again.
They don't get it.
I think they're just watching what other people are doing, what's succeeding, and trying to
emulate that, but they don't understand why it's working.
More responses from the Twitter.
Did the Nintendo press conference this week make up for the lackluster showing at E3?
Chris says, almost everything at the conference was rumored for a while, so it was pretty
meh itself.
Picaruno says, just flat out hell no.
Jacksonman says, yes, to an extent it did.
Something new is better than nothing.
Joshua Rover says, Rowever, Joshua Rowever.
I had to spell it out.
So it says, the recent press conference Nintendo held has completely redeemed them to me.
They really do care about the hardcore that built them.
Deakman says, nope, still pretty lackluster.
Ionotropic says, hell no, they're still not catering to the core gamer.
That's almost two completely conflicting answers there.
That's really interesting between that and what Joshua said.
And then Gerardimo says, no, their excuse for being lackluster will never be forgiven.
They could have done all this at E3 and a separate event for Wii Music.
Interesting.
Very differing responses, too.
Those are almost like polar opposites, some of those.
So Nintendo definitely knows how to get people talking, if nothing else.
All right, well, let's take a look at what's coming out a little sooner than some of these
things we might have seen at the Wii conference, including, or DS, the Nintendo conference,
including this week's release dates.
Let's start overseas.
We've got a few today's worth.
On the 10th in the UK, we have Brothers in Arms, Hell's Highway on PC, Korg DS10 on DS,
Midnight Club Los Angeles on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, and Midnight Club Los Angeles
Remix on PSP.
On the 13th, we have Equestrian Training on DS, which I know that you're just so looking
forward to.
Yay.
On the 14th, we have NBA Live 09 coming out on damn near everything, but no one cares.
Well, there you have it.
Let's head on over to the US of A.
Okay.
In the US, there's actually a pretty good release week, starting off with some really
stupid stuff.
Pop QT Street Fashion Simulator from Koei is coming out on the DS.
And on the Wii, we've got another party game collection, Game Party 2.
Pretty much the same thing as Game Party 1, plus a little bit extra.
Line Rider 2 Unbound, hopefully actually coming out this time on the Wii.
Let's see here.
We've got a lot of NBA games coming out this week.
NBA 09 from Sony on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PSP.
NBA 2K9 on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
And NBA Live 09 on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Live 09 all play on the Wii.
On DS, we have Spectrobes Beyond the Portals.
It's a sequel to that game.
Tenpin Alley 2, another bowling game for the Wii.
And let's see here.
Crash Mind Over Mutant on PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, and Wii and DS this week.
Legend of Kage 2 on the DS.
Oh cool, I remember that game.
Yep.
Bleach Dark Souls on the DS.
Fracture on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Imagine Babysitters on the DS.
Eeeehhhhh!
What, you have a problem with that game?
Pray the Stars, it's actually kind of a neat little game, kind of like Katamari from Koe.
And let's see here.
Army Men, Soldiers of Misfortune on the Wii and DS.
Soldiers of Misfortune on the Wii and DS.
Let's see here.
Guilty Gear 2, Overture on Xbox 360.
And some more Imagine games.
Imagine Fashion Designer, New York.
The Onimusha, The Essentials on 3-disc collector set.
It's the first three Onimusha games.
And My Spanish Coach on PSP.
And that is it.
Let's travel over to Japan and look at what's coming out over there on the Friday, October
the 9th, right?
9th is Friday.
Guitar Hero 3, Legends of Rock makes its way to Japan.
I do believe, though, this is not the bundle version.
I think it's getting a standalone release this week.
I think that's why it's on the release calendar again because Guitar Hero Aerosmith is also
hitting Japan this week.
I think that's the new one.
They're getting a bundle and the standalone game.
So that way I think, you know, I think Guitar Hero 3 was their first Guitar Hero game, if
I remember correctly.
So this is probably the first time they're seeing it standalone.
That is all coming out on the Xbox 360.
I imagine it's also coming out on the PlayStation 3 as well.
Yes, it is.
That's really it for those two systems this week.
You gotta wait till next week for some of the bigger stuff.
Uh, however, let's take a look and see what's coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
Uh, Harvest Moon, Tree of- I'm sorry, that's a US release.
Uh, Star Wars, The Force Unleashed comes out in Japan on the 9th.
So that's pretty awesome.
And let's check the PlayStation 2.
Uh, same Guitar Hero games.
Also, Infinity Plus gets a release as well as Daito Gaiken Koshiki Pachi Slot Simulator
24.
I don't think that's based off the TV series though, just so you know.
Also, the PlayStation 2 version of Star Wars, The Force Unleashed, and a game called Will-O-Wisp
Easter No Kiseki comes out as well.
Checking out the handheld systems to see what's coming out on there.
On the Nintendo DS, Snoopy DS.
Squeenix is putting out a Snoopy DS game.
Snoopy 2 Chuu Gen Taichi Ni Ei Ni Iku comes out.
And yes, that is Snoopy as in Peanut Snoopy.
Because those characters are very popular over there still.
Nihongo de Asobo, Kawaii Konyu DS 2 comes out as well.
And Tetsudo Musume DS Terminal Memory comes out in both a regular and limited edition
pack on the Nintendo DS.
And it looks like some game that centers around like, uh, uh, fly- uh, stewards and stewardesses
on airlines.
I don't know if it's some type of, like, drama turned game, but there you go.
Um, also coming out on the Sony PSP.
Um, Mahjong Portable Jansou Battle is getting a price reduction.
And that's really about it.
There is one other game coming out.
Looks like- looks to be a big one.
Uh, Macross Ace Frontier.
Sweet!
From Bandai Namco.
And, and one more-
Wait, wait, it's Ace Frontier?
I thought the series was Macross Frontier.
That's what they're calling it.
Macross Ace Frontier.
And one other game, uh, that looks- I think it's like an Othello- oh no, it's Go.
It's a, uh, version of Go on your, uh, PSP.
It's, uh, Umewaza Ikari no Yashi Igo.
And I think that must be, like, a championship player that's on the cover.
So, she's pretty.
They're using her pretty face to sell just Go.
So, there you have it, your Japanese release dates.
Let's move back into some gaming news.
Dark Sakura.
Do we gotta?
Yes, we gotta.
Actually, this makes me very happy, and I'm gonna download it depending on how it plays.
Um, but, um, they're bringing, um, pole position to the iPhone.
That makes me very happy.
It's all cutesy 3DE.
It looks like- they look like little toy cars.
Um, but it's, um, basically gonna be pole position.
I mean, I- I hopefully- hopefully it doesn't play like Pac-Man did,
because Pac-Man was a pain in the ass, or like, uh, Monkey Ball did.
You know, where you have to move the- if- if you- if you do do it- do- do-
if you do play with using- with moving the iPhone around, um, I would prefer that it
be a little bit more natural and intuitive and not have to be held at some funky-ass bizarre angle.
But, I'm gonna give it a try.
I mean, it's $9.99, but I think that, um, I think that it might be worthwhile
after a check arrives at my house.
All right.
And it's pole position.
It's old school.
Yeah.
Sadly, you don't really get the cool crashes in pole position.
It was just a little explosion graphic, but at least it was an explosion.
And who- I- I- I did- I remember the pole position cabinets from back in the day.
That was good times.
That's- that was 80s gaming.
I loved the sit-down ones.
You know that we actually built our first main cabinet out of a pole position?
Yeah, you still got it, right?
Somewhere, I think?
Well, now we've got our- our, uh, reefer Pac-Man thing that we were gonna put it in.
Cool.
All right.
Well, uh, D3 is putting out a new game, um, called Eat Lead.
And, um, it's kind of interesting the way that they promoted this thing.
Um, it stars a supposedly old school, uh, action game superhero called Mat Hazard,
who they created his own, um, kind of legacy, basically.
A bunch of knockoff games they have screenshots for, uh, from a website that they created
called Weapons of Mat Destruction.
And, um, they have one that looks just like, uh, Altered Beast.
They've got, um, you know, Mat Hazard 3D, Fistful of Hazard, Mat- Hazmat Carts.
And, uh, you only live, uh, 1370 times.
And, um, so along with all this stuff, the game itself is actually gonna be a 3D, um,
shooter.
And, um, some interesting stuff to go along with- along with that.
Let's see, got a bunch of, uh, information that you probably haven't heard yet, including,
um, the fact that there's gonna be some pretty cool voice actors in there.
You've got, uh, Neil Patrick Harris in there, as long- um, along with, uh, Will Arnett,
who are gonna be doing some of the voice talent for the game.
It's actually gonna be a third person shooter, and it's got a script written by, I guess,
this guy, uh, David Ellis, who did, um, I guess the Doctor Who serial, the Faceless
Ones.
And the game itself is gonna be- it kinda reminds me a little bit of Coded Arms, I
guess, because, um, the shooter game itself will take place across all sort of different,
um, video game cliches, but you can actually hack into the different characters and do
different things to them, so that's kinda neat.
And, um, also, they're gonna be, I guess, releasing later on some Flash games based
off the, um, 16-bit retro games that they were teasing that he actually made.
So, those will be coming out a little bit later.
So, what is this, like, a parody of games?
Yeah, basically, here's what it is, it's all, get ready for a fictional account of
the world's most popular video game hero of the 1980s, Matt Hazard is coming out of
retirement and making his next-gen comeback.
Okay, to me, this sounds like one of those things that could be actually, like, really
genius or really stupid, you know what I mean?
It sounds like a serious-
Some of those movies like Meet the Spartans, right?
Hey, it makes fun of all these great movies that came out in the past year, but it's
just, just the dumbest thing you'll ever see.
There's a lot of, like, games that have done it right, like, I think, like, Time
Splitters did the whole making fun of shooters games, uh, kind of, right?
They actually just went really bizarre with that game, but it was fun, and that was the
best part about it, and I hope they come out with a new one, because they released some
teaser, uh, concept art for it this week as well.
Uh, but anyways, um, and then it says, um, he's making his next-gen comeback in all of
his old enemies in a hilarious, um, or against all of his old enemies in a hilarious parody
of the last 25 years of gaming.
I don't know, it reminds me of something like a character that could have been, like, one
of the shareware characters, you know, from, like, you know, Apogee or, uh, Epic.
Uh, it could be cool.
Guess we'll see, comes out in, uh, I think February.
All right, we'll see.
Uh, one other thing that's coming out relatively soon, a Spore expansion.
That's right, because Spore wasn't enough.
Spore expansion, November 18th, the Cute and Creepy Parts Pack.
It's only 20 bucks, um, and, you know, there isn't much out there about what this is, but,
you know, if it's the Cute and Creepy Parts Pack, do you think it might be, oh, I don't
know, new parts for your creatures that you make?
Uh, well, it was leaked on, uh, apparently Amazon had the store pages up first, but now
that's also being spotted on GameStop, so, it is coming, and on November 18th, I, now,
my question is, digital download, surely this has to be something they're going to offer
as that as well, I mean, why not, right?
You're willing to give them money, so, uh, no word as to how many parts we're talking
about yet, but for $20, there better be quite a few.
Ooh, does the new expansion come with new DRM?
Because that'd be awesome.
I mean, yeah, I'd pay the 20 bucks if it'll uninstall, uninstall Secure ROM.
No, I'm just kidding, I shouldn't have to pay anything to get rid of that, but, you
know what I'm saying.
So, there you go, Spore expansion, for those of you Spore addicts, and, uh, I think I said
this during Bobby's show, I don't know if I said this earlier in this show, but, uh,
some of the monsters in Silent Hill Homecoming kind of look like they were made in Spore.
They're kind of creepy looking, like arms off people's backs and stuff, scary.
Very scary.
Are there any penis monsters?
There are no penis monsters.
Fail!
Why would you want to ruin Silent Hill with penis monsters, you know, put penis monsters
in a game that's already-
It's in your head, so that's good enough.
Exactly.
Is he just as prolific?
That's what I hear, but I haven't gotten to him yet, I haven't played enough, so we'll
see.
Yeah, VX JasonXV in chat says, no one bought Spore except for you.
Yeah, probably true.
Bobby did!
I'm probably the only one that actually bought it.
Oh yeah, that's right, Bobby did.
So, two people have Spore!
In the whole world.
No, apparently they've sold at least a million, I think, as I saw some figure earlier, so
go figure.
Alright, anyhow, um, let's take a moment to travel back in time and revisit the classics
in a little segment we call the Classic Video Game of the Week.
And DarkSakura is the one that likes to dig through her massive gaming collection to find
a game worthy of the title.
DarkSakura, what'd you pick for us tonight?
Well, first of all, I'd like to play the intro to this in just a second, which is why I like
the one I did.
Okay.
But wait a second before you try it.
But the game is called Nekkatsu Koko Dodgeball Boo, which is basically Super Dodgeball over
here.
It's one of the Kunio games.
So.
Nice.
Shall we have a little bit of intro?
Uh, we shall.
Let's see, do we want the whole Neo Geo splash screen and everything?
Why not?
That's what a Neo Geo sounds like when you press the on button.
Yep.
Super Dodgeball!
Can I tell us a little bit more about Super Dodgeball?
Anyway, um, Super Dodgeball basically is just that.
It's dodgeball.
You've got your characters, you've got your captain and your other characters, and then
you have the ones that are inside the court, and then you have the ones that stand around
the court, and as you eliminate characters, basically a little angel takes them to the
top of the screen and they go away.
But your life bar is basically how many teammates you have left.
So you defeat the other team by knocking out the teammates, I mean it is, you know, dodgeball.
So you have to keep knocking them down with the ball until they're just done.
And you've also got, um, a special throw called your power shot that your, um, team captain
can use.
I have to clarify some things in chat, because I love this game.
I was very excited when Dark Cyber picked it.
I really do love this game.
Uh, Rama asked in chat, isn't this the same version as on NES, same characters?
No it's not, because these are like custom characters, whereas the NES had the very general,
you know, like it was, they're definitely related games.
They play very similarly.
They're both in the Kunio series.
The one that I linked here, though, is actually the, uh, I believe the captain is like the
main character from, um, what we got is River City Ransom, uh, Nekketsu, um, Hot Blooded
High School Story or whatever.
Um, but anyway, uh, but with, uh, I think the special edition, because honestly it has
better music.
But in this one, though, you start off, you know, by going around the world, and you pick
your team from different places, but you start off with a game between Dallas and Chicago
to show who's gonna, you know, represent the United States.
And then you go around to England, Iceland, uh, China, Africa, although in later versions
it was changed to Kenya, you know, so you could run as fast as Kenyans, and Japan.
Um, but you, uh, when you beat Japan you actually get your, uh, World Cup gift to you by a ninja.
So, um, yeah, what I was basically saying is that the game, um, was part of the, uh,
the Kunio series, um, the first one being Nekketsu Koha Kunia-kun, which was what we
got as, uh, Renegade over here.
And we know that the other one in the series was, uh, River City Ransom.
The, the way that the game starts is basically Kunio gets hit in the head with a dodgeball,
and his teammates go and beat him up.
And the teams of Dallas and Chicago were actually, um, the teams of Nekketsu High School and,
um, Hanazono High School in the Japanese version, so, they, they of course modified it.
There was an NES version, um, that actually was, uh, published by Technos, which was the
one that released the arcade version.
But it's not even the same, it's not, I mean, from what I remember, okay, sorry, I just,
I'm very passionate about my dodgeball games.
Um, it actually had six members, you had the team captain and five others, and they were
all the same size instead of having your captain be, like, over huge.
And, um, you could only have three players inside the court, and you could arrange your
positions though, um, at the beginning of each match, so you could, you know, make use
of your different techniques.
Um, you could actually adjust, um, your energy, throwing power, throwing technique, and ball
break, which is, um, the, the curve.
You had agility, catching technique, and damage capacity.
Um, there are also two extra teams, there was, uh, India and USSR, um, so, it was, it
had a lot of the same stuff, but had some pretty significant changes, I guess, to make
it work on the NES, that's, that's, we had to deal with a lot of that, you remember the
original version of Strider in the middle of the NES?
Yeah, but...
It was based off of comic books, though.
Yeah, and Strider was just, like, like, it was also a totally different game.
It was, it was, the story was based off of comic books.
It's not even the same type of game, like, the Sega Strider was just, like, a straight
up, like, arcade action game, whereas, I, I don't know, there was that more open world
feel to the NES one.
They had, they had to do with the actual storage, they used to make it to fit all the levels
well.
I remember that.
But anyway, we've already done Strider.
Yeah, sorry.
Freakin' art-ass game.
Let me just say this, because VX JasonXV in chat brings up a related game.
Was anyone else epic disappointed by Pirates vs. Ninjas Dodgeball?
Yes, I played the demo, and I thought it was awful, awful, awful, awful, and I, I quit
in about five minutes, and maybe I shouldn't judge something completely based off five
minutes of gameplay, but honestly, with demos, that's about how long you have to sell me,
and I, it made me miss this game, is what it did.
Well there's, um, other ones, and one of them is, I, I'm gonna mention the one that we're
playing the music for right now, because I love this version, but the other versions
that were released, um, was the X6800, um, that was put out, see, um, uh, Tecmos only
did the Famicom and, um, arcade versions, uh, I caught my breath for a second, but there
were other ones on X6800, it was released by SPS, which was a direct arcade port.
PC Engine had, um, Nekketsu Koko Dojiboru Bupishi Bangai-hen, which translates to Nekketsu
High School Dodgeball Club Bonus PC Edition, that was released by Natsoftsoft, um, in 1990,
which I've played this version a ton, it's actually pretty cool, um, and you actually
are having to fight off, um, aliens, disguised as dodgeball fighters.
There's a Windows version of the Famicom port that was done by BRS Corps, in 2003, PlayStation
2, um, had an, uh, arcade port, that was put out by Hamster Corps, as part of the Oretachi
Gessen Zoku line-up, uh, the Famicom version came out on, um, Gameboy as part of the Kunio
Kuneketsu Collection 1, there was, um, the version on Wii Virtual Console, which we got
over on September 22nd, so not too long ago, um, there also are official, um, sequels,
so there was Nekketsu Koko Dodgeball Bu-kyoteki, Dodgeball Soldier no Maki, which is Fearsome
Rival, Tale of the Dodge Soldier, for Gameboy, um, we also got Kunio Kuno Dodgeball Daiyo
Zenin Shugo, which is, um, it's Kunio's Dodgeball Gather Everyone, that came out on Super Famicom,
which I have played that one before too, and you have other teams, like, um, Italy, um,
it just is Arab, it doesn't say Arabia, uh, France, Brazil, and Germany, and then the
one that we're having a video of here, which is, um, the Kunio no Nekketsu Dojiboro Densetsu,
which is Kunio's Nekketsu Dodgeball Legends, um, the Neo-Geo release, um, that actually,
um, Tecmos did release this one, so that was pretty cool, but you also have, um, special
moves not just for your captain, but for, you have several main characters, and you
have to do Street Fighter II-like commands to get them to go off, like you saw the girls
do their little attacks in there, um, but you've got seven playable characters, and,
um, you also have your, uh, them being the main characters, so Nekketsu Kōha Kunio Kun,
you know, like in Renegade over here, um, also Super Dodgeball Advance, we, um, it wasn't
actually a Kunio game, so, but it was done with a lot of the same character style and
game play, it was put out by a million of you, but they also, the million did do an
official DS sequel called Chō Nekketsu Kōha Kunio Kun Dodgeball Boo, I just like saying
it.
Well.
And, there's also Super Dodgeball Brawlers that's supposed to be by Axis, it was supposed
to come out, did it already come out?
Yeah.
It came out, like, in May.
Yeah, it was supposed to be out.
I haven't played that one yet, I played the Game Boy Advance one, but not that one.
But it's supposed to, um, be used in the, the River City Ransom characters.
Awesome.
Let's check that out.
Which was, you know, the downtown hot-blooded fight, bar, story, whatever.
I wonder if you can go in there and order food at, um, a, uh, deli.
I wonder if it has that booty, like in the spa, remember, remember River City Ransom?
8-bit ass?
I just, I'm still gonna have to play the Japanese version of the PC engine of, uh, River City
Ransom for you.
Just because it's so cool, they go into a little, um, kisaten and order food, and they're
all like, I need a little out of me smiley faces.
I always liked that the smiles were free.
I always liked that the smiles were free.
Yeah.
That was great.
Alright, anything else on Super Dodgeball?
Um, no.
Alright, there you have it.
Your classic game of the week, and a real classic, and, yeah, don't bother with pirates
and ninjas.
This is because I picked something I had already done before and forgot about it.
Dodgeball.
That's alright, it's bound to happen.
How many weeks have we been doing this now?
At least 50.
We're, we started it on episode 250.
Are we running out of classic games?
No!
Never!
I'm like, cause I can think of a few we haven't done.
Like what?
Uh, you have never named one single, solitary Commodore 64 game.
Guess what, uh, System Jamie didn't play.
Well, what, if you're ever out during a week, I will bring a Commodore 64 game in the picture.
I already know which one I'm gonna do, too.
I already know.
Okay.
And it's one of those games people are gonna go, WTF is he picking that game?
Cause you better watch out, or I'll start busting out the Colecovision, yo.
Alright, wait.
Mouse Chaps, Venture.
Alright.
Plenty more to come.
We have to carry us through episode 400.
Carnival of Gorf.
Gorf.
I frickin' love Gorf.
I almost did Gorf.
Okay, Gorf is this soon.
Maybe next week.
Maybe next week.
Little teaser for next week, Gorf.
Alright, anyhow.
Uh, that's gonna do it for this part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but hey, stay tuned.
There's plenty more to come after a quick break, and uh, hey, during the break tonight,
since there's not a lot of free commercials for the free break anymore, cause no one's
sending me stuff, but that's okay, we got something even better.
Giving stuff away.
If you were paying attention to last week's show, we're drawing the names right after
this, if you weren't paying attention to last week's show, you got about five minutes to
find it, cause we're giving away some free Xbox 360 games, right after the, yes, I said
games, and I'll explain more, a little bit about that, uh, right after the break, but
for you podcast listeners, you have to wait like five seconds for that little transition
noise.
That's all you need.
Uh, but live listeners, you have to sit and listen to some music while we take a break,
rest our voices, potty, drinks, all that stuff.
So uh, well not like drink from the potty, that would be nasty, but you know, pot, yeah,
forget it.
Alright, we'll be right back with more Orange Lamps Radio right after this.
Alright, if you were listening last week, at this part of the show where we usually
do the free break, you know that we are doing a contest, and we are giving away copies of
Feeding Frenzy 2, that's right, the sequel to Feeding Frenzy, uh, available on the Xbox
360 is where we're giving away the game for, thank you to PopCap for sending along the
codes, so some of our listeners could try out the game.
So thank you Random.org for choosing some numbers right out of our mailbox, and our
first winner tonight, duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh, the first winner
of the code is QuickStix1, yay, QuickStix, clap for QuickStix, dammit, yay, there you
go.
You want to clap?
Alright, uh, there you go.
And winner number two of the code, yeah that's right, we're giving away two codes, that's
right, I lied last week, that's right, I lied, we actually have two codes to give away, and
the second winner of the code is ActDeft, yay, there you go, there you have it, thank
you to everybody that entered, and sorry to those that didn't win, but you get nothing,
go home, good day sir, alright, no just kidding, sorry guys, maybe next time, alright, so we'll
get those codes sent off to our winners, but for now we're going to get back into Orange
Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, October
the 5th, 2008, where we are right in the middle of episode number 297, and of course we tape
live every week, Sunday nights at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show, and if you can't join us live though, you know you can always interact
with us through the Twitter, through the live journal, the email bag that we'll get to later,
there's just tons and tons of ways, we will, yeah, you have to do the mailbag, sorry, like
it or not, alright, but first we're going to do some more gaming news, right Loki, yes
that's correct, in fact, little known fact, there is a Rock Band Track Pack Volume 2 coming
out, and this is not to be confused with another expansion disc we'll be talking about in a
little bit, but Volume 2 of course contains some tracks that were available on the download
sites, both PlayStation Network and on Xbox Live Marketplace, the track list contains
20 different songs, and it includes Avenged Sevenfold Afterlife, Blondie with Call Me,
Weezer, El Scorcho, Devo, Girl You Want, Maximo Park, Girls Who Play Guitars, Disturbed, Indestructible,
Angels and Airwaves, It Hurts, The Cars, Just What I Needed, The Police, Message in a Bottle,
Pixies, Monkey Gone to Heaven, Duran Duran with Rio, Motley Crue, Saints of LA, which
I want to say that was a free track, so that's not really fair, Lynyrd Skynyrd with Simple
Man, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Snow, Hayo, Nighish Nails, The Perfect Drug, Fall Out Boy, This
Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race, it's a goddamn arms race actually, but it's censored, yes,
Papa Roach, Time is Running Out, Garbage, Why Do You Love Me, Jesus Priest, You've Got
Another Thing Coming, and Smashing Pumpkins Zero, and this will be available for all four
systems and will also, and I guess this may be a trend coming soon to download packs,
it will allow you to basically download this to your hard drive with a code that's included
in the back of the manual, and this will also have I think achievements as well, because
you can play this game standalone as well. Well that sucks, because I have ten of those
songs already, is the game going to reimburse me for the ten I already bought? No. Lame.
Well you also have access to Xbox Live Marketplace, why would you spend this? Because I want achievements.
Why I cannot, well I mean you know, I don't really, but I'm being Devil's Advocate here,
I mean why is that fair that somebody who waited to buy it gets to get a thousand more
gamerscore? This is really meant I think for the people that don't have live, and this
is the only way that they can buy expansion packs. Fine. But it says yeah, included code
allows these songs to be downloaded and played with Rock Band or Rock Band 2 via the PlayStation
Network, of course this is the PlayStation 3 version I'm looking at the back of. So that's
interesting though that it can be downloaded for Rock Band 1 as well, so, hmm, interesting.
But yeah, this game does not require you to have the first game, or the second game. Interesting,
I don't know though, again I already kind of own pretty much the whole game, so there
you have it. But for those who don't, and you know to be honest, probably just buy them
online, probably a little cheaper anyways. Well actually no, if it's $2 a song, that'd
be about $40, and this is going to retail for $29.99, so you save a little bit of money.
I'm curious, is there anyone in our chat room right now that would be interested in buying
this? I bet not a one. Just because everybody in our chat room is obviously online enough
where they're online chatting with our show that they probably don't, you know their console's
online too I imagine. I guess it's good for those that don't have it, or for those that
are on the Wii where that's not really implemented yet even though it's supposed to be. Yeah,
it will be hopefully with this one, so maybe by the time the Wii version comes out, because
I think this is not scheduled to come out until November, it's around the same time
as the Wii version. Alright well that's not the only expansion for Rock Band coming soon,
but here's the interesting thing, the other expansion that's coming is not something that
you can already download, it's a brand new track pack, it's ACDC Live is coming. Sweet!
Here's the weird thing though, it's a Walmart and Sam's Club exclusive because I believe
there's a new ACDC album that is an exclusive, so go figure. And for those of you in foreign
countries that are pow pow pouting about that, hey, guess what, also for Europe, Australia,
and New Zealand in early December, so they didn't forget about you unless you're not
in one of those countries, and they did forget about you. All the songs from the disc, you
can use them in Rock Band and Rock Band 2 using an export authentication code, but here's
the thing, you can only use that once per disc. And I think that's the same with this
track pack 2 as well, I think it's only once per disc. Because, I mean come on, they're
smart enough to know, hey, they're just going to buy it and download it for five bucks to
all their friends, you know. You can only do that with Rock Band 1. And by the way,
that $29 price point is only for the Playstation 2 version, if you want the fancier ones for
a 360 PS3 or Wii, $39.88 is the magic price. That's fucked up. November 2nd, here's the
weird thing again, if you want it on Wii though, you gotta wait, November 16th is the date
for you. 360 PS3 and PS2, you get it on November 2nd. That's ACDC Live. And apparently the
game has its own set of achievements, which is very much in line with the same thing Loki
was talking about, although, funny enough, I'm seeing a lot of news this week on the
blogs about this, I'm not seeing a damn thing about what you just told us. Is that because
you told us a secret or what? No, I don't know why this isn't out there, I mean, it's
going to be available soon, it's just maybe it's not as exciting as ACDC. I guess not.
But there is a lot of confusion, I know, with at least us selling this, you know, it's like,
is this the same damn thing as the Walmart one, and this is something, but no, it's actually
something completely different. Interesting. And I was going to say, probably the reason
why it's not coming out on the, or coming out on the 16th for the Wii is because Rock
Band 2 is going to be the only one you'll be able to download that one for, I think,
or to do download play on. Alright. Well, there you have it, coming soon. If you like
ACDC, get ready to ring your hell's bells. Whoa, whoa, hold on a second, let me, actually
no, wait, no, that doesn't make any sense. I was going to say, well, that doesn't make
any sense, it's coming out on the 16th, and that means that you'll be able to save stuff
to your SD member cards, but I forgot, games already allow you to do that, it's channels
that'll be coming in 2009. Right, and it's 2009. Yeah, so there you have it. Alright,
we'll move on, more gaming news. Well, for anyone who played the first episode for Penny
Arcade and liked it, their second one is going to be cheaper. Hothead Games is actually listening
to consumer feedback, and is going to be releasing the game for 1200 Microsoft points, which
is 10 pounds 20 pence in pounds. It'll be 1495 US dollars on PC, which is 7 pounds 50
in the UK, so. 15 dollars is still expensive for that game anyways. That's ridiculous to
charge 20 bucks for, and I'm not sure if I want to buy the sequel. Well, I'm still interested.
I haven't finished the demo of the first one yet, to be honest. I don't know, I never finished
the first one. I got bored with it too quick, played other things. Oh well. Well, if Penny
Arcade Adventures Volume 2 is not the thing for you, then maybe something that they'll
show at Tokyo Game Show will be, and of course, Tokyo Game Show is right around the corner,
and we've got a listing of stuff that they're going to show off there, at least in Sony's
booth. There's going to be a bunch of titles, and a few unannounced titles, which we'll
just have to be surprised about. But some of the things that they're going to be showing
off, Sengoku Basara Battle Heroes, looks like Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, Final Fantasy
Dissida, or Dissida Final Fantasy. I like how they have Ratchet- Isn't that that awesome
looking fighting game? Yeah, that's the fighting game for the Final Fantasy fighting game.
I want to see more on that. Ratchet and Clank, Maruhai Mission Ignition, that's kind of a
cool name, Bleach Soul Carnival Potapon 2, Shin Sengoku Masui, I guess, Multirade. I
think that's the Gundam one. Let's see what else we have here. New Idolmaster game, Idolmaster
SP, Mobile Suit Gundam, Gundam vs. Gundam. Wow, there's three Gundams in that title.
That's kind of crazy. Tales of the World, Radiant Mythology 2, and of course in there
there's going to be three unannounced Sony titles as well. And then some third party
titles are going to be showing off. Guitar Hero, Legend of the Rock, FIFA 09, Street
Fighter IV, Resident Evil 5, Luminous Supernova, Metal Gear Online, Way of the Samurai 3, Sonic
World Adventure, SOCOM Confrontation, PlayStation Home, that's not a game, and Motorstorm 2,
Little Big Planet, Resistance 2, Smackdown vs. Ral 9, Dice Warriors Gundam 2, and R2
Ultimate Ninja Storm. GS68 in the chat room asks, Luminous Supernova? I believe that was
a game that came up earlier, it's the new PS3 network Luminous game, right? Yes, that's
the one. That's pretty much the same damn game you've played for years, but with new
skins and new modes, I think we talked about it on a previous show. There you go. Hey,
Sony's not the only one that's exhibiting some stuff at Tokyo Game Show. Konami's going
to be showing some things on the show floor, which, here's the interesting part, Metal
Gear Solid 4 is one of the games they're showing, so, I don't know. I guess, well, it's alright,
I mean, for a company to show games that are already out. I mean, hell, when we went to
E3 one year, they were still showing off Oblivion. Granted, they were still releasing download
content on a regular basis, at Bethesda, but whatever. Konami is also showing off World
Soccer, winning 11, 2009. Gensu Suikoden Tikris, which is that new DS one, and it's going to
be playable, that new Suikoden on the DS. Ah, it looks pretty hot. Castlevania Judgment
will be out on the floor, so will the new Castlevania Order of Ecclesia. Silent Hill
Homecoming will also be on the floor, even though it's out, and I believe it's out in
Japan as well. Chaotic Eden for the PC will also be on the show floor, and a game called
Tongari Bushi To Maho No 365 Nichi on the DS. Your guess is as good as mine as to what
that is. Ah, also showing a friendly company to Konami. Hudson will be showing some titles
on the floor. Ah, some Wii titles that they'll be showing on the Tokyo Game Show floor. Fishing
Master World Tour. Marble Saga Kororimpa, so now it's another, it looks like a new Kororimpa
game coming exclusively to the Wii. Ah, it's new levels, four person multiplayer gameplay
apparently is going to be in this new game. You can actually use your Mii this time around.
I'll tell you what, the first Kororimpa game, hours of entertainment by making the little
marba, the panda ball, and changing the sound effects to the farting noise every time it
would hit the wall. Ah, yes. That's what the game sounds like, it's hours of entertainment
because we all are seven. At heart. Um, but here's the thing, now they've built like a
story around it, because the first game was just kind of like, eh, just kind of go, but
now just license Marble Madness for god's sake. Seriously, make a new Marble Madness
game. I mean, come on, stop beating around the bush, just make a new Marble Madness game.
Hold on though, hold on though, you've got to listen to this story, okay? Ah, in this
game you are going to go on a quest with a character named Anthony the Ant, and Anthony
the Ant is searching for the golden sunflower. And you guide Anthony's marble around the
ant world and you get items that will help you reach the golden sunflower and you will
help save Anthony's colony. Ah, also, many more dangering mazes, amazing widgets and
gadgets to help your little ant friend out. Oh, oh, and one more thing, one more thing,
Wii Connect 24 capability, you can make your own stages in edit mode. Kind of neat, huh?
That's kind of neat. There you go. That's what the first game should have been. That's
alright though, we forgive him. Hey, one more game to announce from Hudson that's going
to be a Tokyo Game Show, not on the Wii, but on PlayStation Network, Bomberman Ultra. Bomberman
Ultra 8 player multiplayer online, 14 different arenas, 4 player local gaming, you can customize
your own Bomberman character, 50 different costumes, adding up to 150,000 possible combinations
of which 149,000 probably look like shit. But there you have it, that's how they are
selling the game. So it looks like pretty much what we got on the 360, a newer version
or whatever, a different version is coming to the PlayStation Network, but pretty much
the same type of game. I hope it's not what we got on 3, oh, yeah, the Xbox Live one,
I'm sorry. It wasn't bad, it was certainly better in Bomberman 0. It was extreme! Yes,
it was very extreme. There you have it, Konami and Hudson games to see at Tokyo Game Show.
Have fun to those that are going, you lucky bastard. Send us pictures. Well, I think we
have at least a couple listeners who are going. I do believe so, I've seen it around the Twitter,
so I expect many pictures. There's actually certain things that I would like to see, but
one that I'm actually very interested in that's only going to be a video only for PlayStation
3 is the game that was, the new game done by the creator of Katamari Damacy, which is
Keita Takahashi. It's called Nobi Nobi Boy, and really he just looks sort of green and
cylindrical with the prince face. It's like if they made it, you know, the Prince of the
Cosmos or whatever with a wiener dog. I know, right. But I would love for someone to get
out a video camera and tape me some footage of that, because we really, there hasn't been
anything really specific out on it yet, except some people playing with something that looked
like a dildo. And I will send you a dollar if you dress up your wiener dog like Nobi
Nobi Boy for Halloween. One whole dollar? One whole dollar! That's pure US currency
for you. There's also another game there that I want someone to tape me footage of so I
can see it, and that's, um, don't laugh, Anpanmantotuch de Waku Waku Training. What is that? Anpanman.
Huh. He's cute and made of bread. Alright. But just some stuff that's actually going
to be video only is Nobi Nobi Boy Galaga Legends for, I'm sorry, Legions for Xbox 360. On Wii
is One Piece Unlimited Cruise Episode 1, Kotoba no Puzzle, Mojipitan Wii Deluxe, and Progolf
for Saru. Doesn't Saru mean monkey? Anyway. On DS, the video only ones are Dr. Slump,
Arale-chan, Dragon Ball Origins, and Anpanmantotuch de Waku Waku Training. Someone tape it for
me. Um, we also have, um, on PSP, Idolmaster SP, Wandering Star, and Missing Moon. PlayStation
2 is Super Robot Tyson Z, and PC, Legend of Galactic Heroes, which is pretty cool. There
are some playable, uh, things though, things of interest. Like what? Like whatever Happy
Dance Collection is, I guess? I don't know. Um, Soul Eater Medusa's Conspiracy. Soul Eater
is a pretty freakin' cool manga, what I've seen of it. There's also, um, yes, Pre-Care
Five Gogo Zen and Shugo Dream Carnival. Um, there's also, uh, some Tales of Heart stuff
going on. I really do want to see Macross Ace Frontier, and, um, there's also, uh, Tales
of the Radiant World mythology too. Also on PSP. Alrighty. Well cool. What about, uh,
Sega? Uh, it's just listed by systems. Oh, I'm sorry. That's alright. Okay. Well anyways,
um, we've got some, uh, interesting information. Uh, big surprise, because they seem to be
gobbling up all sorts of game store chains, but GameStop has now bought a brand new chain
in France, uh, for 700 million dollars, and they have gained 332 stores out of the deal.
And apparently, um, I don't know, the two stores that they, um, bought, I guess, uh,
the Gaming Guild and its, um, Navigators. I guess those are a chain. Oh, Micromania,
I'm sorry, is, uh, the French company. Micromania. Never heard of them, but of course I don't
live in France, so. Isn't that kind of scary though? There's like, they're seriously trying
to be like the McDonalds of fucking gaming. Uh, yeah, beware kids, um, you will be assimilated
into the GameStop collective, apparently. It's just a matter of time. I don't know about
you guys, but when I hear about GameStop taking over the world, it makes me a little bit angsty,
especially for the independent shops out there. And when I get angsty, we play the mean music
and say mean things. F.U.'s of the week time, Dark Sakura. And F.U. to me for forgetting
one of the stories that I had to do just a moment ago. And F.U. to Rob for not actually
telling me to do the story. I tried to drop a hint! Yeah, but I'm a little pissed off
right now. I'm a lot pissed off. Why? Because I need my... I hurt. Aww. So F.U. goes to
my hip hurting like really, really freaking bad, and um, F.U. to uh, stuff in general.
Damn that stuff. I know, stuff just sucks. Loki. F.U. to people that run red lights with
their cars. Um, I don't know, they think it's fun or something? Or they just say, forget
it, you know? Um, anyways, so yeah, they, there was a guy today, we're driving, and
he just, you know, right turn on a red, and just kind of didn't even stop, just, woo!
I'm going! And then he pulled right in front of me, and went super slow, just to add, you
know, insult to injury. And then, um, you know, there's numerous days where I see people
just blowing through red lights, like well after, you know, they've turned red, because
they're in a hurry. Well good, I hope you murder somebody, and end up in jail forever,
and sued, you know, for all the money that you have, all a few bucks of it, and um, you
rot in hell. That's it. Um, I wanna say F.U. to the Italian dinner I had last night, which
was not at Olive Garden, I went to another place, um, around here, and um, man, I don't
know what it was about the food, it was bad or something, because it's like World War
3 was occurring in my colon. It was really, really horrible, so uh, F.U. to that. I wonder
if I, like, ate uncooked meat or something, it was pretty terrible. I'm gonna do my story
now. You sure can do your story now. Uh, this is the list of stuff that Sega's gonna have
at Tokyo Game Show. Um, for Playstation 3 is Yakuza 3, Bayonetta, Sonic Unleashed. For
Wii is 4.28, Bleach vs. Crusade, the arrangement of Haruhi Suzumiya, another Haruhi, oh, I
like Haruhi. That's really cool. Sonic Unleashed, Samba de Amigo, Xbox 360 is Bayonetta, Sonic
Unleashed, DS is Mystery Dungeon, Shiro and the Wanderer, DS2, Demon Castle in the Desert,
Phantasy Star Zero, which is gonna be awesome, Infinite Space, 7th Dragon, Shining Force
Feather, that's another cool thing, Cold Accept DS, which actually someone IMed me the other
day saying, look, Cold Accept! I'm like, I don't like tactics games. Cold Accept's neat
though, cause it's like Monopoly meets, yeah, I like Cold Accept. Um, there's the Haruhi
game, um, Blazer Drive, World Destruction, um, Sakatsuka DS Touch and Direct, Kaite Obe,
oh, bleh, Kaite Oboeru Doragana, Doragana, Doragana. Okay. Garnet Chronicle, um, Crimson
Jen, Saigon PSP, Hatsune Miku, Project Diva, you know what that is, right? What? Virtual
Idol. Nice. Yep. And Phantasy Star Portable, and PC is getting Internet Adventure. Internet
Adventure? The Internet is an adventure. It is an adventure. Dude, that's okay, I want
the Hatsune Miku game. I totally want the Hatsune Miku game. Alright. Lots to look forward
to a Tokyo game show. Rob, we'll have to play some of the Vocaloid for people who don't
know what it is. Someday. That's why we have a Justin TV channel. Hey, uh, other games
coming out in the US, kinda coming away from Japan, coming back to the US, well I imagine
this game will come out in Japan as well at some point, but, we're getting it in the US
first, it's Fable 2, and a follow up to a story we had last week, remember how we talked
about that the co-op was gonna be delayed via a patch? Well, suddenly there's some backtracking
this week from the infamous Peter Molyneux, the Lionhead CEO, he is saying that the co-op
actually might be available at launch day. So now they're kinda going back and forth,
but this was said at some video at a game festival that was going on in Paris, he said
that Fable 2 will have the online co-op at launch, but he can't confirm that. But the
ambition is there, but just in case we prepare for disappointment. I'm not sure how exactly
I'm supposed to take that. It's only about a week of disappointment. I know, it'll be
all over within a week, which quite frankly I have enough games to play anyway, I don't
fuckin' need another one, but, I do still kinda want Fable 2, I gotta admit. You need
to play Saints Row 2. No I don't. Cause you can make all sorts of tranny characters and
like- Oh, cause that's why I play games, Loki, to make tranny characters. Exactly! Who doesn't
play games? That was a sexist comment. How was that sexist comment? Tranny is both sexist.
Cause you're- Fable 2 is getting a collector's edition, but it's slowly slipping away. Some
of the cards that were supposed to be in it, the figure and all this stuff, the box itself
is not actually going to be there. Oh, but the cards will. The cards will be there. But
here's the other weird thing. The cards are going to be there in a downloadable PDF format.
So you can print your own damn cards. I'm getting the feeling nobody pre-ordered the
collector's edition and that's why they're suddenly having to do this. I don't know what
it is. Did you? Yeah. How do you feel about the fact that it's suddenly like, disappearing?
I didn't give a shit about the cards or the DVD or anything, I just wanted like, the extra
weapons in it and stuff. And even then, you know, the only reason I'm buying it is because
I get a kickass discount, so it actually doesn't really cost me that much. You know, it's actually
cheaper than buying the retail version of the game. So wait a minute, even though you
were yelling at me to make trannies in Saints Row, you were actually going to be leaving
for a while to play Fable 2? No, I'm buying it now so I can play it after I'm doing Saints
Row 2, which will be for a while. My friend wants to play Fable 2 co-op, so you know,
that'd sound kinda like fun. That'd be fun. But then again, I want to play Saints Row
2 co-op, so I don't know. HendersonMam says, I wanted the Master Chief Outlet. Is that
the thing they're getting with the pre-order? Yes, that comes with the pre-order still.
There's like a lightsaber type of weapon or something that you get. There's also like
some additional dungeon or something that's coming. That's about it, and you get like
a bonus DVD with behind the scenes crap. I kinda wanted the figurine for my desk, and
that would've been kinda cool. I also have a regular version on order as well in case
I decide last minute I don't want, you know. Well, I have it on order at work. I mean,
I can cancel at any time. There's no $5 deposit for me, so. Cancel at any time. That's right.
Why don't you order like 50 of them and then cancel them all? Or will they get mad? They
get mad at that. Oh, I see. Alright. Well, that is coming out soon. Hey, speaking of
the Master Chief Outfit, completely random off-topic story. I went to a party store here
locally yesterday, and you know everybody's gearing up for Halloween, right? Did you know
they're selling a Halo 3 branded Master Chief Outfit? Have you seen that? I have seen that.
As something else. I was at a party store yesterday. Do you know what's really sad is
I was considering buying it, because I'm kinda pathetic. No. Well, it would be fun, wouldn't
it? No. Dressed up as a video game character? Especially one as well known as Master Chief?
What? Um, what? Um. You know tons of cosplayers, you wouldn't have a problem. True. I could
save that for an Iron Man convention. Our manager in Dallas, he has a kick-ass Halo.
I think he actually bought one of those Halo costumes, like a custom-made one or something.
He has, like, literally the full outfit. Rob should go as the, um, the king of the universe.
Uh, Deep Man. Oh, the king of the cosmos? That'd be hilarious. Actually, we're talking
about doing that as a Rocky Horror Gold scene at some point, if you even know what I'm talking
about. Um, Deep Man in chat, uh, live in our chatroom, chat.orangemanstrategy.com says,
uh, I saw that at Walmart yesterday here in Canada. So it's even at Walmart. Dan Shadow's
gonna be Dr. Horrible. That's a pretty good outfit. You know what I'm hearing is gonna
be a really popular outfit this year, I heard? Uh, Sarah Palin. I wouldn't doubt it. One
of my friends is going to Sarah. Uh, Deep Man says a lot of people won't cancel it regardless,
going back to the pre-order, speaking of that. There you go. Alright, so, Fable 2. I'll buy
it. It'll just be one of those games I only have 30 minutes to play. So, go figure. Oh,
Deep Man says my wife is going as Grunty from Banjo-Kazooie. You know what I saw as someone
made a costume or released a, uh, a guide on how to make it? They have a Sackboy costume
that someone made. Oh my. Oh yeah, I saw that. I saw that. I think I might actually want
to make that. That's cool. I don't have a costume to wear, and, uh, my wife is dressing
up as Darthina Vaderina, the, um, pink, Barbie-ish, secret girlfriend of Darth Vader. She's going
as Awful Mary Sue. It's, she's literally like, you know, um, she's dressing, or, it kinda
looks like, uh, like her cape's gonna be bedazzled and stuff like that. It's, it's ridiculous,
but, uh, funny. SSJ100Matt says I'm thinking of going as the Hebrew Hammer. That would
be funny. We'll have to ask this question again on our Twitter or something right before
Halloween. You know what? What? If, if I, if it wasn't so freakin' hot to wear and didn't
need to be, uh, taken in a bit, I'd wear my Organization 13 costume from YALIcon the other
year. I'm probably gonna recycle my Jack Skellington costume from last year, cuz seriously, I paid
good money for it. I need to wear it more than once. You know, I actually, though, I
really want someone, I, I need to redo the claw. I could do my bike-in costume. Oh, fun.
Show off my boobs. Alright. Not really. How about you show off the next gaming story?
How about I do just that? How about you do it. Um, well, for anyone who's been interested
in The Force Unleashed, you're getting some treats. You're getting, um, Luke and Obi-Wan,
which is pretty freakin' cool. You're also getting, um, uh, Ki-Adi-Mundi and Kit Fisto.
That sounds like a porn star name. Um, Kit Fisto! Fisting. Wow. It's actually a pretty
cool-looking character. Um, but also, um, there's supposed to be, um, new costumes and
a new mission, um, one for the Jedi Temple, and the, uh, apprentice will learn more about
his father, blah blah blah. Um, so you get more, uh, stuff. There's no dates left for
the, for the download content packs, but, um, it will be posted at some point, I guess.
Pretty game. Yeah, that, that Sackboy costume looks really easy to make. It's like a sweatshirt
in a garbage bag, or a garbage pail. You should wear a Kit Fisto costume. I'm not gonna wear
a Kit Fisto costume, but see, look at that. It just makes the head. Isn't that kinda cool?
That's cool. No, I saw that on, uh, bloggers in the last week. I'm gonna do that. Totally
gonna do that. I still think you should be Kit Fisto. What's Kit Fisto? I don't know,
it's just a funny name. Yeah, you're right, that is funny. Kit Fisto. Fisto. Fisto Ophirio.
Fisto, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. Next story. So, uh, yeah. Apparently all that drama with,
uh, EA trying to buy Take-Two is made Take-Two say, hey, you know what? We're just gonna
be a bachelor for a long time. How about that? So they've decided that they're not going
to... We need a little me time. They're not gonna mate with any other game companies right
now, or merge with any of them. They're not gonna return your phone calls. They're not
calling you back, they're like, you know... They just want the one night stand, they're
gonna go, bye! They're like, it's not you, it's you. They're like, you know, when they're
getting up in the morning and, you know, whoever they're in bed with is saying, call me, you
know, Take-Two's just like, sure, yeah, I'll do that. I'll call you something. Alright,
well, too bad for those that were interested in Take-Two, I suppose, but, you know, good
for them, I guess, sticking to it, if they want to stay independent. Hey, on completely
different news, this is a game, another, god, another freaking game I want to get this year,
I'm just not gonna have time for. The Last Remnant. The Last Remnant, you know, it's coming
out worldwide. Japan, of course, one place that they really need to sell more Xbox 360s,
even though, you know, they've had a lot of good luck and some turnaround, thanks to Tales
of Vesperia. They're gonna try to do that even more with The Last Remnant. It's a special
Xbox 360 bundle that's gonna be coming out in Japan. This box is gonna come with a different
DVD remote, the game, a face plate, and a soundtrack CD. That's $331 for all that shit
together. It's about $30 off of what it would cost separately. And they're hoping that's
gonna push them over the million Xbox 360s sold in Japan, Mark, because that's pretty
big. And, you know, again, Tales of Vesperia has been very good at helping them get there.
A little bit infinite on discovery, too, as well. So, The Last Remnant, by the way, though,
is not, I should kind of step back a little bit, is not solely on the Xbox 360. It will
be coming out on the PlayStation 3, but later. So, Xbox 360 does get a little bit of an exclusive
window. So, there you go. That's a lot of stuff, too. Yep. So, if you're waiting in
Japan, now might be a good time. All right, now's a good time for us to go and open the
email bag. Every week, you guys send us emails to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and we
pick a few of our favorites to read here on the program, and that's what we're gonna do
right now. Dark Soccer's gonna dive in the mailbag and read some emails. How many emails
do we have tonight? Five. Five? Very on. All right. Let's make it quick. Five emails. Here
we go. Okay. The first one comes from Daniel. I swear this is going to be my last email
regarding Warhammer Online. I'm calling all MMO gamers to join the order on the Iron Fist
server. I'm trying to get a guild together, but because the hours I work 2 p.m. until
11 p.m. Monday through Saturday, thank you for telling us your hours. I will find out
where you work. Um, it's becoming difficult. I have a close group of experienced MMO gamers
on the server already, but we have all worked similar hours, so none of us are in-game during
peak hours. The game really requires you to be in a guild to get some extra bonuses. p.m.
Ball Hair with three L's. Okay, it's B-A-L-L-L-H-A-I-R. Or, Punky Dunch if interested. I like how these
guys are sending us an email about, look, we're on this roleplay server and we really
want our guild to be taken seriously. We can't figure out why people won't join our guild
and play this game with us. Maybe it's our work hours. I don't know. Please send a message
to Ball Hair. Rob is turning red in the face. This is cute. Rob. Look. Rob. I'm not. Rob.
Punky Dunch. That one's funny, too. Do you think that person might have just made this
whole story up just to get us to say those names on here? I think possibly that whole
thing was a trap to get you to say Ball Hair. You know what? I'll say Ball Hair anyway.
Ball Hair! I'll also say Sweaty Balls. Alright. I am not afraid to go there, Rob. Alright.
I know. You live there. You own a house there. P.S. LittleBigPlanet is insane. On the surface
it's a cute platformer but once you dive into the level builder you will be hooked. It is
difficult but addictive. One of my favorite things about it is the ability to borrow someone's
creations. If someone else makes a really cool figure or building you can borrow it
and put it on your own stages. Look on YouTube for some really cool creations. The Body Level
and Little Big Colossus are some of the more popular levels out there. That's from Daniel.
A.K.A. Ball Hair. Dan's in chat right now and says, no, it's real, I swear. So you should
sign all your letters, Ball Hair. He is Ball Hair the Dwarf. Ball Hair. He says, come on,
it's awesome. No, dude, it is awesome. That's the whole thing. It's just really funny. I'm
sorry just because the whole setup of the email and everything. So we have to have fan
fear for you to go, Ball Hair the Dwarf. Can I move on? Yes. Hi folks. I just had a few
questions for you. Maybe you might have some possible answers and slash or feedback. Considering
how retro gaming is on consoles nowadays as well as indie games, see Everyday Shooter,
Mega Man 9, XNA, etc. for reference. I have decided to make my own games for both the
360 and PS3. The catch is the last game I made was a borderline pornographic mod of
an Apple IIe edutainment game originally called Turtle Trot. Excuse me. What classes should
I take or alternatively, what books should I read and what programming languages should
I learn? Are most games using the C languages or a variation thereof? Dude, I have no fucking
clue. To actually learn how to write games? You should write them in BASIC. You know what
everybody does? And release it on the TI computer. Actually, that's not a bad point to the email
because I'll tell you, when I was in school studying computer science, C++ was where you
started. It's one of those things where you have to start somewhere. I mean, programming
languages aren't that much different. I mean, they are and they aren't. I mean, the way
you learn, shut up. The way you learn languages is that whole logic if then and building flow
charts in your mind. And any language is going to be a foot in the door at that. But if you
want something to be practical and learn something, you go with C or the languages that are really
out there. Rob, I have to say something. What's that? Yeah, my flow chart is in my mind. There
you go. As for the rest of the email? Yes. In case you're wondering, I'm looking to develop
games that have the look and feel of old school 8 and 16 bit arcade and console games. This
catch is that A, they're simple to pick up and learn, B, difficult to master, C, fun,
and D, they have my goofy corny off the wall sense of humor injected into them. An example
would be an NPC in an adventure game complaining about being forced to pace back and forth
in a certain path and saying the same thing over and over again to Avengers. In a fit
of rage or fed up, he declares that he quits and orders the gaming gods to take his job
and shove it. That came from Spazinator, by the way. Wait, what was the question in there?
What games have that type of... That's what he said is goals for making the games. Oh,
I see. I don't know, Loki, you're probably the closest thing we have on staff to a programmer.
What are your thoughts on this? For someone that doesn't program, I'm pretty good with...
You hack and stuff, but I don't know. Do you have any thoughts on this? He hacks with a
butter knife. Well, I mean, if you're trying to get into it professionally, I guess, then
C would be good or Visual Basic or something like that. Probably, if you're just doing
it for fun and you want to do something like that, there's Game Maker 7. I don't know if
you've seen, there was that Mario game that had the Mega Man levels and all that crazy
shit in it. That was made with Game Maker 7. So you can actually make full games out
of it and distribute them to your friends and that kind of thing. And that's what you're
interested in doing. But yeah, that's pretty much it. That's Bobby. I don't know. Good
luck to you. Pass off the blame. Next email? Yes, next email. Hello, cast of OLR, especially
Loki. I just wanted to tell the listeners and you guys about something cool for the
PC, which I've read this email and we pretty much know about. First of all, I'm sure Loki
has heard about Fretz on Fire. It's a free Guitar Hero game for the PC. If you have an
Xbox 360, you can plug in your wired controller into your computer, download a driver for
it, and play this game just like Guitar Hero 3. Also, the wireless ones work too. You just
have to buy a special wireless receiver for your computer. If you have a Guitar Hero controller
for PS2 and other systems that's wired, you can get a converter that will allow you to
plug in these controllers and play. Lastly, if you decide to get this game, at first it
sucks because the game itself has a lot of bugs, which makes it bad, and it looks nothing
like Guitar Hero 3, but if you get it, download the Olarian mod because it's designed to make
it look and feel just like Guitar Hero 3. The best thing about this game is that you
can add your own songs and download ones made by other people. Lastly, all of the real gaming
companies like Activision and Harmonix have released song packs for each of their games
that are exactly the same as the real ones. That makes me laugh because Guitar Hero 3
is on PC, but you can just download the songs for Fronts on Fire and play them for free,
so please check it out. This is from Blade 3. It's basically like StepMania, but for
Guitar Hero. PS, sorry this email is so long, thanks for reading it. PSS, I hope I passed
the Grammar Nazis test. No, you didn't because you didn't fluctuate that sentence, and the
last one was run on sentence, and also Nazi is spelled N-A-Z-I, but not with a T. They
also have a game called Guitar Fun on the Wii that's basically the same thing, and you
can use that for like home brew stuff, plus now the new version has USB support, so you
can use your USB guitars, I think for Rock Band, and then you can also use USB keyboards
if you want to, and that's also available, and I think you can do two player on that.
You can also do playing over the internet with that game as well, Guitar Fun, so that's
kind of cool, and I think Fronts on Fire can do the same thing, but yeah, I mean it's got
a big community, they've got all the Rock Band songs, all the Guitar Hero songs available
to download in packs and stuff, so if you like, you know, StepMania, and you're now
moving on from DDR to Guitar Hero, this is probably something you'll be interested in.
May I continue? You may. I shall. Hello, this is Hephaestus in chat. When the time zones
align themselves appropriately, I have a bone to pick. Two games came out this past week
that I'm totally into and have heard zero mention of them. Pipe Mania, which I recognize
is a remake of the Game Boy game that I played incessantly, and My Boyfriend. Wait, is that
the old, old-ass game? It's the one I mentioned, no, I mentioned this last week, yes, it's
a remake of Pipe Dream. Okay, I was gonna say, that game is like, god, they had the
game on the Commodore 64, that shit is old school. I mean, it's a very simple puzzle,
it's like Tetris. It's also like Bioshock's hacking. Ah, yes, yes, it is. Well, to continue?
Sorry. Um, I'd never heard of the video game My Boyfriend, but it came out this week. I'm
sure it can't be as bad as Imagine Babies or whatever horrible crime against grammar
Ubisoft perpetrated against the English language while concocting the spelling of that game's
name, and yes, she did spell it correctly. And regardless, the game is called My Boyfriend
and apparently the game lets the player as a teenage girl have her first boyfriend. Now
that I haven't heard of. Maybe I can play as a boy, and that would make it the most
awesome game ever. While your news is usually awesome and definitely entertaining to listen
to, I just wanted to point out these two horrible omissions in your release sources. Thanks,
Hephaestus. I mentioned Pipe Mania last time we did releases, and yes, I did mention the
exact same stuff. It's a remake of Pipe Dream, and it's the same thing as like the hacking
in it. I remember specifically saying that, because I have to sell this crap, so. I think
I kinda wanna play that one though, because it makes me think of Tokimeki Girlside. Well,
if you wanna, let's see, if you wanna, whether games or people are gonna accuse me of forgetting
to mention Gravity, which is a game that's gonna be coming out that's kinda like the,
was it Pocket Physics game that's out now? Dude, that sounds cool. There's also. I like
physics. There's also a crappy Rubik's World game that's coming out later on that's like
Rubik's Cube stuff, but they're trying to make it like expanded and it's gonna be like
a puzzle game and stuff. I'm trying to think of what else that people might be remotely
interested in. Rubik's Cube yourself by peeling off the stickers. I don't know, I just mentioned
everything. You know, I don't miss a thing. Hephaestus is in chat right now and says,
by the way, my boyfriend is totally a bad GTA clone. Didn't we, I wanna say there was
a story about this a long, long time ago on the show, like when it was in development.
Yeah. Okay, yeah, sorry. The company that made my boyfriend apparently also made a PC
game called So Blonde. I did, I wanna say it came up a long time ago. Yeah, I do remember
that. There was something, cause we were making fun of it and almost the same jokes are coming
up now, like Frisbee says in the game, you can make sandwiches. That's how you get a
boyfriend, cook him something. Isn't that right, DarkSakura? Dude, I found my man on
the internet. I downloaded him. And then I had to fly out here and now I have to put
up with him every day. And us now. Cause if you had moved out here, you would never have
met me. If not for, if not for my husband, I would never have been the internet celebrity
I am today. There you go. Or Zach Deft calls him Edan. He facilitates my rock and roll
lifestyle. Or lack thereof. So, last email? Yes, last email. Dear OLR. Oh, we're dear.
I would just like to say that yesterday's show, the 28th, was my first time listening
live while interacting with the chat room. I had previously listened live on one other
occasion. I would just like to say that the whole experience of listening live while chatting
with the OLR listeners takes this amazing show to a whole new level. It really is something
every listener should experience because it's so unique and makes the show that much more
fun and interactive. If this gets read on air, this statement needs to be made. If you
love the podcast and only listen via the podcast, you're doing yourself a disservice by not
experiencing all the OLR has to offer. There's also some post-show goodness to be found on
occasion, which is definitely also worth your time. Well, thank you. God, you'd think we'd
paid somebody to write that. That's very sweet. I know we didn't because we don't have any
money. Exactly. We used that all up in Seattle. At the risk of sounding like a complete suck-up,
I'm going to end the email, but first, I would just like to remind the OLR staff how awesome
they are and reiterate that every listener should go to the chat room sometime. I know
I will be listening live and chatting every week that I'm able, so here's hoping everyone
listens live, SonicM88. By the way, I have to commend your spelling and your grammar.
It's beautiful. It's freaking gorgeous. A rare compliment. See, that's how you get dark
soccer to kiss your ass is kiss her ass. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I actually
because you know, I'm used to, and I, I, it's kind of hard. I don't catch it for so much
of myself, but I catch it in other people's writing because I've gotten kind of used to
being the beta reader, but, um, wow. This is actually very, very well done. Thank you.
Um, my face is actually actually good. Good question. Chat. What about whatever happened
to the midday show for the European listeners? We still need to do that. So probably it's
not probably realistically not going to happen until after 300 and I don't know how much
I want to get into this now until I know some details, but, um, I'm going to be off for
like several shows in a row because I'm having surgery. If you've been listening to the show,
I just don't know when the, when is the big question. I'm having a pancreas. No, I not.
I, well, no, he's having a duodenum ectomy, but if I get the gallbladder out, which is
having a stomach, shut up. I'm getting a face job. Uh, but no, I'm going to have the gallbladder
out, which is very common. I'm sure plenty of our listeners have had it done. I'm not
that worried about it except for the fact that it's just surgery, but you know, there's
going to be a recovery time and I have no OLR for me while I'm recovering. So probably
at least two, if not three weeks, I'm going to be out. Um, so I don't know what's going
to happen to the show during that time. Oh, Jesus Christ. But, um, yeah, something will
have to buy. I'm not missing episode 300. We will put this damn show on hiatus at two
99 if I'm having the surgery in two weeks, which I don't think I am. Well, we'll figure
out something. We'll figure something out. We always do. We'll bring the computer in
to Rob's bedside, live from surgery, live from my bedroom. We'll put your surgery on
Justin TV. That would be just, it would be almost Shakespearean to have episode 300 from
the hospital. I don't know why. We should, we should, we should totally seriously webcast
your surgery. I'm not Katie Couric for fuck's sake. All right. Seg says need a guest host.
Well, we always, we always want guests. So come up, be on the show. I think Bobby should
fly out here. All right. So that's, that's the end of the segment tonight. Yes. For the
mailbag. Yes. All right. We want to thank our sponsor for tonight. Let's fly Ciara back
out here. We want to thank tonight's sponsor for our mailbag segment is going to be our
guest host. Give it up for tonight's sponsor. Everybody. I don't get it. No, just kidding.
I do get it. All right, good. I was going to say, don't make me explain it to you. All
right, let's move on to a couple more gaming news stories and we're going to open up the
Skype line and hopefully we'll get some calls. So there's plenty of ways to save money with
your car insurance, but there may be a new way soon, especially if you're of the old
variety. Apparently there is Allstate and they're I guess testing a new, I guess a new
video game product for PCs that they're going to give to 100,000 customers in Pennsylvania
between the ages of 50 and 75. The games are basically different tests. Kind of think of
like almost like brain training a little bit. They test for visual alertness and also kind
of just different reflex tests and that kind of stuff. And they're seeing if the performance
in that game correlates to how safe the drivers are. And if they find that to be true, then
you may get, you know, discounts based on how well you perform in a game or how often
you play said game. I hope they do the tests on Crazy Taxi. Crazy Taxi? That'd be awesome.
Are you ready to save some crazy money? That's like a future Geico commercial right there.
Wow, who knew some video games might actually save me money in the future? Do you think
this is really going to happen though or is this like one of the things where like so
and so says something to so and so and now it's like fact? It's less of a game, more
of like software. I wouldn't even call it a game. All right. Hey, we are going to be
opening the Skype line very soon to your calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is
Orange Lounge Radio. So you definitely should be adding us on there. But first, we have
one more story for you tonight about what else? The most important video game of the
21st century. Of course, I mean SingStar ABBA. It is being released on December 2nd and the
track listings have been announced. There are going to be 20 tracks on the PlayStation
2 for $30, 25 tracks on the PlayStation 3 for $40. And yes, Dancing Queens on both.
Some of the highlights from both track lists, Chiquiquita, Gimme Gimme Gimme a Man After
Midnight, Take a Chance on Me, SOS, Dancing Queen, Fernando, I Do I Do I Do, Knowing Me
Knowing You, The Winner Takes It All, Mamma Mia, Money Money Money, and of course, Waterloo.
Some of the exclusives on the PlayStation 3 that you will not see on the PlayStation
2, if you were curious, I know I was, Under Attack, When All is Said and Done, which by
the way is my favorite ABBA song ever, and Head Over Heels, and Happy New Year, and The
Day Before You Came are the five. So that goes out to all two of you that care about
that news. But I'm telling you, this game is going to be epic in so many ways. I care
too. Rob, when's it coming out in the US? December 2nd. You know what, Rob? I might
have to pick it up. I'm going to pick it up. You already know, my PlayStation 3, I told
America, and the world, I told the world, not just America, I told the world, I will
buy the PlayStation 3 when that one game comes out that I have to have. And it is coming
December 2nd. It's not even Final Fantasy. Well, there's Little Big Planet 2, but there's
Sing Star ABBA. See, you're going to come play that at my house too. This is a life
or death scenario. I better be better from surgery by the time Sing Star ABBA comes out.
My surgery is scheduled for December 2nd. God hates me. That's what it is. And the chat
room is demanding a Justin TV special. I can't speak for Dark Sakura, and I certainly can't
speak for Loki. Yes, you can. And Loki says no. But I will do a Justin TV special even
if I have to get my fabulous friends over here to play the game with me, like Extifer,
and Irene, and Victoria, and some of the fabulous friends. Get me drunk enough, I'll do it.
Now, Deep Man asks a good point. Why can't these just be DLC for the current Sing Star?
That actually isn't a bad question. But something as momentous as ABBA deserves its own release.
Don't you think? I mean, shit. If a little podunk band like ACDC, a little band that
nobody's heard of called Aerosmith, this no-name thing out of the Bay Area named Metallica,
if they can all get their games, why can't ABBA have their own damn game? I still have
to give you your record. Yes, you do. When Ron Mo is here, he got Rob an ABBA album.
That's amazing, by the way. Got him Super Trooper. That's amazing. That's what's going
in the blank spot. Um, pinball. Alright. Maybe we'll just rearrange. I mean, some of these,
I mean, Pop'n Music 11. How old is that? I can come now. That is still cute. You should
give that to me. The other one is Autograph. You know this Dear Friends poster? I don't
know if it comes through on Just TV, but there's no Bully Motz's autograph right there. That's
something my friends got me. I should put my Gorillaz poster up there. Maybe you should.
Alright, let's go to the phones and take some calls. Hey, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this? Hey, it's Ron Mo again. What's up, everyone? Hey, Ron Mo. Ron Mo, what's
your favorite ABBA song? I don't have one. What? Get off my show! I'm just kidding. Hey!
I'm just kidding. You better find one before December 2nd. Alright, no, just kidding. What's
on your mind for real, DJ Ron Mo? Something different. I want everyone's opinion in the
studio about this. As some of you know, I work, I go to cons and I sell hentai video
games. Now, we're thinking about changing the packaging design to make it look more
like, you know, normal like Wii, PS2, PS3 boxes. I had said that I don't think that's
a very good idea because we'd have to deal with the ESRB who would want the games rated
and it would just go into just a very bad mess. And my thing is, I don't think that
these adult hentai games should be like in stores or anything like that. I mean, how
would you feel if you walked into a GameStop or Target or Walmart and saw these games on
the store shelves? Hold up. I would be delighted. Actually, yeah, that would be awesome, actually.
Can you back up to square one a minute? You sell hentai games? Yeah. Are you redistributing
them from another person or what is this? I didn't know you wrote games. What the hell
is this? We redistribute them from a company called Jlist. Oh, okay, cool. I know Jlist.
I've ordered lots of snacks from them. I think you're okay designing box art that's similar.
I mean, honestly, if you want good examples of parody, go to the porn industry. That's
kind of what you're going to have to do for these games. Do you know? Hey, wait, hold
on. What? Random porno fact here. Did you know, remember that Not the Bradys thing that
they had? They have Not the Munsters now. It's a porno Munsters movie. We have a house
not another porn movie. All right, look, look. I think you can get away with certain things
under parody. I mean, I would just be cautious using the same color scheme and using a lot
of those things and not making, but there's nothing to stop you from doing like, you know,
what's a color they don't use in games? Like purple, you know, purple is kind of a passion
color. Put a purple bar on the top and on the bottom that has the company and you can
certainly put it in a DVD shaped case. There's nothing wrong with that. I mean, that's what
we do now. Yeah. So why not does that? Yeah, you could design something, come up with something
unique, but you could certainly do something that's consistent across the hentai land so
that, you know, when you see the purple border on the top of a certain shape or whatever,
you know, you're getting, so why exactly are you quality J list hentai? Now, why exactly
are you redesigning the packaging in the first place? Well, we feel that if we can convince
J list to redesign the packages, the games would sell better. Cause if you look at it,
cause if you look at the games that we sell now, they look like normal DVD box arts, you
know, like normal movies. But if you pick it up and look like something like a game
box, it would probably be more appealing. But most game boxes are just basically DVD
cases. What you need to do, design something consistent, like, you know, like a purple
bar along the top, that's in like a pixel art or something, you know, uh, uh, J what
it, what do they, do they have a name for the series? Well, they're different hentai
titles. That's just it. What's the name of a hentai title? One of them is, um, Amorous
Professor Cherry. That's one of the games that we sell. All right. Sexy Professor Series
or something like that along the top. And like a pixel-y type art that makes me think
of video games. That could work, but I'm just more worried about the fact that expanding
that the ESRB may be like, hey, you're selling PC games without our, um, rating, you know,
we don't want to deal with that. You don't put their rating on it. You're not making
the games. They don't give a shit. And you're not, you're not big enough. They're not going
to notice. As long as you make it. That's what I said. As long as it's very clear on
the box, not for children, you'll be fine. You've got to have it somewhere on the box
very clear, not for children. Of course, like if the box art is like a dick going in a pussy,
I don't think that, I think that's going to get the message. No, no, no. That's on the
inside. Okay. Are the fronts like rather artistic? Yes, they're very artistic. Hey, wait a minute.
We should, we should get some of these games. What they need to do is have like embossed
packaging, especially around the boobular area. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you guys what.
We do have some open copies. I can send you guys in sky. I have some Yowie titles for
you. Yes. Look, who's really excited about the Yowie titles. Did you hear that? No. You
know what? Again, I'll review them for the show. Rama, here's my advice. You can do the
DVD packaging. It's on a small enough scale. I don't think they're going to care. Don't
flat out copy what the big boys are doing. Come up with something similar. Nothing like
that. Yeah. All right. There you go. And some of the chat room wants to see some of this
art. Well, we're still working on the design. Once we get them up, let's see if I post them
to the site so you can get everyone's opinion on it. Cause I do like the fact that we can
make them look more like video game style boxes, but I'm just fearing that a parent's
going to see this and just flip a shit. You know what you ought to do? And my director's
like, maybe we can get these in the game stuff. I'm like, uh-uh. No. Yeah, no, they're not
going to want to carry out, but you might be able to get into indie game stores. You
never know with back rooms. Hey, here's my thought though. Honestly, I know it's going
to sound crazy, but go back in the game in gaming's history and look at some of the box
art that came out for games like Custer's revenge or even on the completely opposite
end of the spectrum. Go look at like some of the box art for like Bible adventures and
some of those games that came out on the NES because those games were unauthorized. Correct.
They were not official Nintendo products. Correct. And some of the color dreams games,
you might find some inspiration. No. All right. Well, Rama, we got to let you go though, but
good luck with the business. You're doing, you're doing a great thing for the community.
Oh, we definitely do. Oh, and Rob, before I go, I know you and Jamie like, um, rumble
roses. There is a porn version of that available. Nice. Yeah, it's called ready to rumble. Nice.
I want to see that. Is there a hentai podcast? Probably. I know my podcast gets a little
bit hentai-ish at times. You know what? I think there is one. I think, I don't know
if this guy listens anymore, but I remember way, way, way back in the day when we first
first started podcasting, we were doing the to go stuff, right? There was a guy who ended
up starting a hentai podcast because we got referrals from his site. I remember that.
So, um, there's at least a hentai podcast, but a hentai gaming podcast, that might be
a niche that needs to be discovered. My friend. Well, I might have to start reviewing them
on my own podcast then. Huh? All right. There you go. Yeah. All right. We got to let you
go around. I have a good one, buddy. Thanks a lot. Y'all have a good one. You're a true
American company that made Custer's Revenge. I have a friend named Mystique. Oh, Mystique
Entertainment. Yeah. Yeah. I met Mystique, right? Yeah. I did. The Amazonian girl. Yes.
She was nice. She is. She's great. She's fun. But the box is so funny. It is very funny.
See, but it's, it's, it's shaped like a normal Atari box. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this? Hi folks. Uh, this is Spazinator. I'm sorry. What was your name again? Spazinator.
Spazinator. What's on your mind Spazinator? Uh, not much. Uh, there was two questions
I neglected to put into my email, um, that I just thought of. Um, first off, uh, considering
that, uh, Street Fighter II, Hyper Fighting, and Samurai Shodown II are both available
for Xbox Live Arcade. These posters achieved a chance that Super Street Fighter II, you
know, Turbo, and Samurai Shodown IV, Abacuscus Revenge will eventually come out for Xbox
Live Arcade, or no? Where there is money to be made, they will make it. But, aren't they
doing the Super Street Fighter II High Def thing? That is coming out on Xbox Live. The
Super Street Fighter II High Def remix. They're doing that. Um, I don't know about Samurai
Shodown IV so much, though. It really depends on how the other one sells. That's what it
is. Yeah. Well, honestly, to be honest with you, I think that, at least with, uh, the
Samurai Shodown series, uh, the fourth game is probably the best in the series, to be
honest with you. But, that's just one person's opinion. But, you know what else is selling,
though, are those compilations. And you never know. One of those is probably going to come
out at some point for Xbox 360, because they have them on PlayStation 2. Why not? You know,
there's people that buy that stuff, like candy. So, you know, even if it doesn't show up in
Arcade, you'll probably see it in a compilation down the line. Possibly, yeah. Um. What was
the other question? Um, now, you know, considering that, uh, you know, next year, sometime next
year in the United States, uh, to come out with, uh, was the DSi. Now, these posts that,
for someone that's only gotten, uh, the DS Lite, uh, within the past few months, and
really only got it for, sort of, third-party games, like, uh, the Final Fantasy remakes
and Gene Albert rewards and whatnot, do you suppose there's any, you know, you know, good
reason for someone to upgrade to the DSi, or should we just stick to the DS Lite? Well,
this is interesting. Systems like the DSi are kind of starting to blur the line of our
golden rule of gaming, and we've said this a million times on the show, but the golden
rule of gaming is, a system is only as good as the games that are on it. So, if there
are games that are going to take advantage of the DSi's features that you absolutely
have to have the DSi for, um, you know, it just depends what you like. You know Nintendo's
going to come out with something. There's going to be that camera game, like Pokemon
Snap Real Life or something, that's going to take advantage of some of those features,
um, on the DSi that's, that's going to make you want it. That doesn't mean you have to
go out and buy one, buy one right away. But the reason why I say that line is starting
to be blurred a little bit is because look at systems like the PSP that don't really
just focus on gaming, whereas, like, the fact that PSP plays games is kind of a sideshow
to the fact that it surfs the internet, it downloads podcasts, you can, you know, do
all this other stuff with it and interface with your PlayStation 3 on top of everything
else. Um, it's made things very interesting. So, I think you also have to ask yourself
if there's not any games I want day one, do I really need that camera? Would I take pictures
to justify it? Or is the camera I have on my cell phone good enough? Do I want the applications
that are going to be in the store? Or do I already have what I really want on my iPhone?
I don't think we know enough about the system yet to really answer these questions. I think
there's definitely the oohs and aahs factors going on there. But the problem is, the camera,
we've seen it before. The downloadable content, we've seen it before. Everything they're
putting into the DSi, we've seen before, we just haven't seen Nintendo do it. So the
question is, how is Nintendo going to do this and make it their own? And I think that's
really what has to be demonstrated. Anybody have anything else you want to add to that?
Yeah, not to go poo-pooing on Nintendo or anything, but... Oh, why not? I was poo-pooing
on a Murphy car. I kind of got away from Nintendo over the past ten years, simply because, at
least with the F64, they have had not too great of a game lineup. Now, they have a handful
of games, but it's not overly great. It goes with the GameCube and even, to a certain extent,
even with the Wii. I mean, yeah, the Wii is good for like the retro games and whatnot,
but aside from that, I don't think what to use for it.
Spaznator, the simplest way I can say this is that there's going to be that game you're
going to want the DSi for eventually, but that happens to the best of us. You know what?
It is going to be the same damn thing. Mark my words, one or two years from now, it is
going to be the same damn thing because they're going to announce Wii HD or some shit that's
going to be like, it'll play all your old Wii games, but it also now has the HD graphics
and everything they were missing that Xbox had on them before. We're probably like a
year or two away from here and something like that, and it's going to be the same question.
Do I really need to get one the first day, or does that game I have to have, is that
a ways out?
Yeah, ironically, I think I've heard either on Tech of the Show or X-Play within the past
couple days that Nintendo has actually finally announced or leaked some information about
like a Wii 2 or Wii HD.
It was some dude that quit EGM and one up or whatever. He's a former editor that made
that comment.
And to be honest, that type of rumor shows up every six months. I mean, let's face reality.
Will Nintendo make another video game system? Fuck yes, they will. They've done extremely
well with Wii. Yes, they're going to make another video game system. Will Nintendo make
the system backwards compatible? Yes, they will. It was a big selling point of the Wii,
was the fact that they had all the GameCube games available. So the fact that there will
be another video game system from Nintendo is not news. It's really not. I don't know
why all these, there will be another, whether they call it Wii or Wii 2 or, you know, Turkey
Butt. It doesn't matter what they call it. I vote Turkey Butt. There will be some new
Nintendo system.
Yeah, we could go out and trademark that name, Turkey Butt, the game system.
Yeah, but hey, we all laughed at Wii.
Yeah.
Dude, there's a new Mario game coming out on Turkey Butt. Oh, there you go.
Yeah, honestly, I still give Nintendo a whole lot of crap about Wii. You know, I mean, it
sounds like, you know, like you're telling someone about, they're about to use their
restroom or, you know, you're suddenly, you know, trying to speak French or something.
Maybe both, I don't know.
Right. Well, Spazinator, good luck in your quest for the DSi. You know what? You don't
have to decide right now. We're not getting it for a year anyway. Honestly, I would not
import them unless like I had no digital camera or, you know, I don't know. But then again,
Loki's really big on the whole. I want to exploit that SD card best I can. So maybe
I can see that angle too. But for me, you have a lot of time to decide this. So good
luck to you. We'll keep bringing you the updates though on what games are going to release.
So take care, buddy.
All right, you too. Thanks for the call. Bye-bye. All right. Let's take another call. Hi, you're
on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
This will be the one and only Dark Knight.
Hey, Dark Knight. What's on your mind, my friend?
Hello.
Talking about the DSi thing, talk about the innovation. And I remember you made a mistake
earlier calling the DSi phone. Watch it. It'll probably end up being the next thing they'll
probably do.
Yeah. Well, it's just a matter of time. Tons of fucking people own a DS. I mean, really.
I mean, I remember back in the day, you were kind of a nerd. If you had the old school
Game Boy brick or whatever, very few people had those.
I know. The Dark Matrix one.
I was, we were sitting in a plane coming back from Penny Arcade Expo, and I looked across
the aisle, and there was an old lady with gray hair playing her DS. And I think that
shows you just what a long way gaming has come in, you know, handheld gaming in so many
years.
But it's fine, though, when you think about it now.
You know, and really a more appropriate pun would be a DSi touch is really what this thing
is kind of to me, because it's going to have like little calendars and all sorts of things.
And you know what? It might be kind of cool. Like I said, I'm going to get one, but it's
just, I joke because it's kind of like, well, I feel like we've kind of seen this all before.
How is Nintendo going to make this special?
That's what I really want to know.
Should we go through the history list of the Game Boy again, like I did the previous nights?
I mean, so many, I mean, so many sad things they did to it and whatnot. You can go all
the way back from the Dark Matrix Game Boy to Game Boy Color, Game Boy Mike, Game Boy
I got to jump in here with a really good comment and chat from Seg. I don't think Nintendo
has the pull enough to play with the telecom industry enough to make a DS phone thing.
You know what? That's a darn good point. But here's something else to consider. Nintendo's
already kind of got their foot in the water with the whole VOIP thing, right? Like they
were showing off the headset and I think they, you know, they do have the headset. They're
not quite as on board as the PSP is with Skype and everything. But what do you want to bet?
Nintendo could Nintendofy the entire way we think about VOIP. And when I say that, I mean
make it disgustingly simple so that even grandma can use it. That's how they're going to get
into the phone industry.
Well think about this, though. In the homebrew community, somebody actually already did that
a while back. But right now it's kind of like-
Yeah, the grandma on the airplane doesn't know that.
Yeah. Not many people don't know that. There's one that somebody already made like a little
VOIP, like a little VOIP thing in the homebrew community already. It's just that not many
people don't, again, not many people don't know about it nor have the equipment to do
so with it. Because I even have it on my DS for a while, but I was like, who in the world
I know going to find, who in the world I know actually have this?
I got to say, I'm sorry. I just, while you're talking, the chat room is saying a lot of
great stuff. I mean, you are too, but act deaf says WeSpeak may be the test for that.
That's a darn good thought. What if your DS could interface with WeSpeak? That might be
kind of neat.
That, yeah, that would be a killer thought.
That would be kind of neat, but that will never happen.
As hard of a time as we give Nintendo, they might actually be sitting on genius. It's
just a matter of will they do it? Okay. It's like, seriously, they're like the retard in
a room with a big button that says, push button for million dollars. And they're like, duh.
I don't know what to do.
They might be sitting, no, no, here's a better example. Come on. A better example would be
that they are sitting on a freaking golden egg. And the question is, are they going to
get smart and market this golden egg or are they going to fuck up and make an omelet out
of it? That's the question.
Only time will tell. Only time will tell. I mean, it's Nintendo. Sometimes Nintendo
knows how to basically like, they want to milk everything for what it's worth. Why not?
All right. But you, you Dark Knight specifically, are you going to get the DSI?
I'm probably going to pass on it because I'm basically going to be like, I'll wait for
it when a graphical change hits the DS. I'm not going to, I mean, innovation alone is
not really going to wow me this much. I'm still happy with my DS fat.
Yeah, exactly. I mean, why did we even really need to upgrade to the light in the first
place? Although I did, so it's hard for me to talk.
I told him, I said, I was telling some people tonight, I said, if the DS were to have a
slight graphical upgrade, I may jump on it. But right now the DS, I just basically like
niche stuff and whatnot. I don't need all that niche stuff right now. I really don't.
It's not, not really worth it.
All right. Well, any other thoughts tonight, Dark Knight, before we let you go? We want
to try to get one more thing.
I had so many thoughts, but I left my brain, but I'll be discussing it next week when I
do my thing.
All right. It's all good, Dark Knight. You have a good night. Okay. And thanks for calling.
Yeah, you do the same. Take care guys.
Let's go talk to Nintendo with us. Have a good one. All right. We'll take one more call.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
And you can talk about Nintendo or you can talk about Tokyo Game Show. You can talk about
SingStar ABBA. I would love that.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Hack Deft.
Hey, Hack Deft. Wow. It's almost like it's your show tonight. You won the code earlier
and we've been reading your chat comments and now here you are. That's all right, though.
We enjoy hearing from our friends, especially those abroad. What's on your mind tonight?
Well, basically about the ACDC track pack Walmart's going to sell.
Yes.
I'm thinking that maybe Harmonix and EA, in this case, are taking the steps of Activision
and what they're doing with Guitar Hero. Guitar Hero Aerosmith and next year Guitar Hero Metallica.
Maybe they're going the same steps, though I'm thinking that they are doing the wrong
thing with it.
I think they should have maybe released the disc itself but also made it download content
and maybe offer it for a cheaper price because $3 for 20 or so songs, for me, I think it's
expensive even though it's a new game.
Here's the weird thing. I kind of have a feeling this is the part just before the dam breaks.
This is the first little drop that leaks out the dam. This is them testing the waters to
see if this is going to sell. There's a lot of hardcore ACDC fans out there that are going
to be all over this crap.
Look at how much I am freaking obsessed over SingStar ABBA. Half of it is in jest but the
other half really isn't. I freaking love ABBA. They're the best band out of the 70s. Call
me the biggest gay or whatever you want but I will buy this game because it's awesome.
There are people like that out there for ACDC. The question is how much are going to put
$40 out there to get this game and if this sells even remotely well, the floodgates are
going to burst open next year and you are going to see this kind of stuff for 10 bands
next year. If they can make that much money off of it, this is where music is going.
That's why I'm worrying because if it sells, and I know it will sell because there are
a lot of ACDC fans but maybe they could offer the same thing just on the Xbox Live marketplace
or on the Playstation Network and make it also downloadable because not everyone is
a fan of ACDC but some of them like their songs. Maybe the same thing you could say
with ABBA. Like someone said on the chat earlier, you could make the songs downloadable content
for SingStar on the Playstation 3 but there aren't.
What maybe the artist didn't want it that way. Maybe the artist was one of those types
that was like, you know what, if we're going to do this, we want to go all in and maybe
that's how they get some of these artists on board because let's face it, these two
names we're looking at here, ABBA, ACDC, even things like Aerosmith and Metallica, these
are not, as much as I was joking earlier, these are not small time bands. These are
big deals. These are company bands with monies and shirts and everything. These are not the
people that want their songs going two dollars a pop. They probably want to go all in with
this stuff. You know what I mean?
They want people to have not just, they don't want their song thrown in as an afterthought
in the game. They want an experience built around their band. You know this is how they're
selling it to them. When they sit down at the table with ABBA, with ACDC, they're sitting
there saying, we want to make this game a whole new way to experience your band and
your music and the brand you built. Just feeding the ego.
Yeah, that's true. But still, I think they could offer the disc for all the fans because
I know there are going to be people that are going to buy it just because it's ACDC. Like
I said, and even you, you're going to buy the ABBA disc because it's ABBA. If they make
a Death Tones track pack, I know I'm going to buy it because I'm a big Death Tones fan.
But still, they could offer the same thing for a cheaper price, at least. I would buy
the ACDC pack for $30, at least. You know what, though? I bet for the...
I know it's going to be a separate game. It's going to have its own achievements and everything.
Think about this. Here's what it is. I bet you this is it. Look at the time of year this
game is coming out, too. It's really hard to buy someone download content as a present.
But if your grandma, and you're walking in the aisles of Walmart, and you know little
Timmy loves ACDC, what do you think you might end up buying him as a present? Because you
know he loves ACDC. You know he loves rock band. That's a huge factor in this. Don't
discount that. Grandma's less likely to pick up the point cards than she is to pick up
ACDC rock band track pack as a present. Something to think about.
Yeah, that's true.
I don't know. All these are things to consider. They definitely all are. BlackWolf wants to
point out also the ACDC pack is cheaper as a track pack than it would if it were separate.
It's $30 as a track pack. It's $35 if each song was available for $2 a pop individually.
But again, I think they're catering to the impulse buys. That's what they are.
Yeah, the 360 and the Playstation 3 version is going to sell for $39.99, so $40 exactly.
And if you have a friend who...
It's still a little bit expensive. Especially because of people that download songs and
maybe a track pack. They have a particular song they like and they would like to play.
But still, they would have to buy the $30 disc and just for one song.
And here's the thing too. If you have a friend that likes ACDC and doesn't really necessarily
have rock band or doesn't really care about dumping the songs onto his hard drive, you
could dump them on your own hard drive and then maybe go in half with him for the actual
game.
I don't think there's enough people that are going to think about that.
I don't know.
Alright, Act Def, we've got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank you
so much for your call and hey, I'll be crossing my fingers for the Deftones game for you,
okay?
Thanks.
Alright, take care, buddy. Quick comments from chat though. We're going to wrap up for
the Skype line tonight. Sorry if those didn't get through, but we do want to wrap up the
show here. Reading some comments from chat, I like this.
Retertainment says, Grandma is not likely to pick up a game anyway. For herself, no.
But if your grandma does buy ACDC rock band for herself, you do have the coolest fucking
grandma in the world.
My grandmother drove me all over Mobile trying to find Killer Instinct when it came out.
Awesome. That is very awesome.
So I do have the coolest grandmother in the world.
I don't, but I think grandma might buy it for, I don't, you know, I use grandma loosely,
you know what I mean? Like, you know, a friend trying to, or a relative trying to buy it
for, you know, but you know what I mean.
I still have the coolest grandmother in the world.
And nobody said that it wasn't exclusive, you know, permanently for Walmart. I mean,
honestly, I have a feeling that maybe it will come out as download content later on.
That's true. Wherever they can sell it, they will.
Yeah. Grandma is person buying a game for other people, says Seg. That's, that's the
point. You got it.
All right. That's it. We're going to wrap up. It's another show. We're done. We're out
of here. It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought for the night. And we will start
off with Loki, your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I have a game that I'm going to be playing a lot of, and you'll see
some of that very soon.
All right. I never asked for any last minute stories. Do you have any?
I have a last minute story.
Okay. Some quick headlines. I'm sorry. Dark Sakura.
For anyone who actually is interested in playing on the International Ragnarok Online server,
they have a free server up. It's called Valkyrie. And you've got a couple of, you know, detriments
to playing on it, but really it's good if you want to get into the official Ragnarok
Online community. And I'll link a page in the chatroom.
All right. Very cool. PopCap is releasing Bejeweled Twist in October. I told my wife
and she didn't give a shit. Apparently she's ever bejeweled now. I don't know. It's weird.
But it's supposed to add some new features to it. No word on what those features are
yet, but something that has to do with probably twisting, I'm guessing.
The PSP 5.0 firmware has been, is out there in testing phase right now. And it is going
to add the WiFi store and also allow you to do screen captures, which are currently available
in the not so official homebrew firmwares right now. And no word on when that's going
to be coming, but hopefully, probably sometime in October.
And then finally, it's rumored that Motley Crue's Dr. Phil Good is going to be coming
Rock Band download content on October 14th. And this actually comes from a post on iMeme.com
where they are doing a giveaway of Motley Crue's albums. And they also mentioned that
Rock Band will be coming as download content on October, or Dr. Phil Good will be coming
as download content on Rock Band starting October 24th. So that's kind of interesting.
And finally, Taiko no Tatujin in Japan. The Wii version is getting a special wireless
drum that you can purchase as well in a bundle that will cost approximately $75 or $7,980.
And the drum is also getting purchased separately for $3,990 or approximately $38. And of course
the game will be out in Japan on the Wii December 12th. It's kind of neat.
So since I kind of derailed your other thought, do you now have a final thought now that we've
gotten all the last ministories taken care of?
No.
Alright. My final thought is, I hear they're opening a Pinkberry in the Bay Area and I
want to go. Cause it's good. DarkSocker, your final thought. Alright. Hey, knock it off!
Alright. Heart. Hey, if you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, then please help us spread the word.
We're independent radio. We don't get paid for this. We don't have a magazine backing
us or a TV station or any of that stuff. So please help spread the word about Orange Lounge
Radio because we do this for free. If you like what you've heard, tell two friends about
our show and help us spread the word slowly. Or hey, you can leave us a nice review on
iTunes. As many people have done lately, we're up to like 85 reviews on there right now and
a lot of them are really, really nice and really good and really make us feel good about
what we do. And it helps spread the word because the more 5-star reviews we get, the higher
we get in the rankings. So please leave us some more nice reviews on iTunes. You guys
are awesome for that.
And one other quick thing before we head out tonight. One other very, very quick thing
before we head out tonight. As I understand it, two of OLR's listeners, Dekeman and Kiki
Nico, I don't know if you know, but last year they had a baby. One year ago, they had a
baby, Kylie, and Kylie is turning one year old this week. So we want to say happy birthday
to Kylie on baby's first birthday.
You know what I was going to say, because I don't have any, I'm not going to sing happy
birthday because I don't sing, I will give you a little bit of this.
Happy birthday to baby Kylie.
And also happy birthday to Kylie Minogue whenever her birthday is because she's awesome.
Sorry, I had one last story and this was fun.
No, the show's over.
No, one more. This is kind of cool, okay.
All right.
Bungie's bringing out a video renderer soon to Halo 3. So they'll actually have an option
for those who subscribe to the Bungie Pro where you'll be able to actually export videos
made in Halo to a Windows Media format for whatever you may want to use that for.
Okay, that is kind of cool.
Yeah.
But not nearly as awesome as Kylie Minogue.
Thank you everybody for tuning into Orange Lounge Radio. We'll see you next time for
more wackiness and hopefully joining us in the studio will be Ball Hair the Dwarf. Good
night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time. The
views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of
the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
