and I, October 19th, 2008.
LittleBigPlanet generates some big controversy.
Download content comes to Soul Calibur 4 that will surprise no one.
And could Marvel vs. Capcom 2 soon be re-released?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast where every gamer has a voice.
And over the next three hours we'll be talking about video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And with you for the next few hours is myself, Rob Roberts, and the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Jamie Summers?
Annoyed of the world.
Why is that?
People suck.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Alright, I guess we'll have some good rants tonight.
Mmm.
All right.
No.
Careful, chat.
Specific people suck.
Oh, boy.
It wasn't me.
I didn't do it, did I?
No.
You love me, right?
It's groups of people.
Okay.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
Maybe we'll catch on a little bit about what's going on a little later.
If I don't feel better about it by then.
All right.
We'll see.
Also, say hello to the one and only Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Tech Master?
Loki?
I'm fine.
You have a good week?
Yes.
Are you mad at certain groups of people, too?
No.
Maybe.
You're perpetually mad at somebody.
No, I'm just kidding.
on this lovely Sunday evening as we always do when we tape live.
Alright, let's start off.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played Rock Band 2 and Ragnarok Online.
How was Rock Band 2?
It was very good.
Yeah?
What is your instrument of preference in Rock Band 2?
I don't have one.
You like to play a little bit of everything?
I really don't prefer to play.
Oh, you like to watch?
Well, no.
My shoulder hurt and I was in a lot of pain so they made me play based on a song.
Gotcha.
Alright, well, hey.
How did you like it compared to the first one?
It's all no different.
It's more rock band.
Yeah, more.
Hey, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, right?
More songs.
I mean, that was okay, but, you know, I wasn't, it wasn't anything to be impressed or displeased over.
It was just more rock band.
Alright.
Well, if there's nothing else, then we'll move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Oh, the clothes in it suck.
Hahaha.
Better Barbie mode in the first game.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, they actually still have some of the same clothes from the first game and the second game.
They didn't really add that much.
The gore outfits were kind of neat.
Let's see, this week I played Saints Row 2, actually.
I think I'm about almost 50% done with the game.
It says I'm only like 37% or maybe it's 47% done.
Um...
Basically, I've gone through two of the gangs already.
I've finished the Brotherhood and the Son of Samidi.
That was a weird gang.
Finally, now I'm starting to run in a little bit.
I don't know.
It's pretty cool.
I still think, though, out of the three gangs so far, the Brotherhood have been... I think that storyline was the most brutal that was in it.
I played a little bit of the multiplayer.
They actually have a game mode that's pretty awesome.
It kind of mixes up...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All along, while this is going on, there's also different tags you can spray paint to give your teams different abilities.
Like double damage or double money for killing other gang members or a smoke screen.
Stuff like that.
Really cool gameplay.
The actual deathmatch mode is pretty fun.
I like the shopping mall level that they have.
That's kind of fun to play around in.
What else did I play?
I have a random off-the-wall question for you about Saints Row 2.
I know we have a news story coming up later on about some of the controversy this game is generating.
Which game do you think is more violent and has more potential for controversy, this game or Grand Theft Auto, seeing as they're very similar and appeal to the same audience?
Um, maybe this game a little bit, because they don't really get into, I mean, there's corrupt police in Grand Theft Auto 4, um, in this game you can actually dress up or impersonate a cop in this, like, fictional cops type show, um, called, uh, I forget what it was called now, um...
Oh, The Fuzz, that's what the show's called.
And you basically go around beating up people dressed up as cops while they're filming it and stuff.
And it's one of the activities.
Plus, there's a level where you break into a police station and do a bunch of stuff like that.
If anything, I'd say Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, I think, was more...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Grand Theft Auto 4
I'm not surprised.
If I'm the developers of Saints Row 2 and the people behind this game, I know one of the best ways I'm going to get at and get close to that number is to one-up the controversy they're doing.
Because that's half the reason why Grand Theft Auto sells.
People need to understand it's fiction.
It's not like I go and go shoot the cops in the game because I wish I could go shoot real cops.
I mean, that's not what happens.
It's just the opposition.
It could be Nazis running this entire city and it doesn't matter.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It was Fable 2.
I thought it was an actual movie coming out, and it was a Fable 2 commercial.
Yeah.
I mean, games are getting... They've come a long way since combat.
Let's put it that way.
But, yeah, I mean, it's just if... Yeah, if you want to look at it like it's realistic or something like that, then yeah, okay, sure.
I guess it's offensive to cops or something, but you have to understand games aren't meant to be a simulation for real life.
I mean, granted, you can make a game that's like a simulation of real life if you want, but then again, you can also make pure fiction that's just way over the top, which is what Saints Row and Grand Theft Auto are doing, you know,
To an extent.
And Grand Theft Auto is a little bit more grounded, but still, it's pretty over the top.
I don't know.
It's just... You can find controversy anywhere.
And then the other game I've played, which also has controversy involved with it, would be LittleBigPlanet.
And LittleBigPlanet is amazing.
That's easy to say.
I mean, it's just an amazing game.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They're characters of different sections of the world.
So the African level is all like, think Lion King, basically.
Whereas the British levels are all knights in castles and that kind of thing.
So it's a little bit racist, but in the way that it's a small world is racist, where no one's going to possibly be offended because it's so damn cute.
It's incredibly cute.
Right?
Game of the Year?
Game of the Year?
It could definitely be a contender for Game of the Year.
Anything else in your gaming week this week?
Um... No.
I hate to take it back to Saints Row because you talk about that game an awful lot, but a good question from chatroom at chat.orangeonlinesradio.com First chat comment of the night goes to Seymour Booty.
Since you guys are talking about Saints Row 2, are you having any problems with crashing or freezing in the game?
It crashes my system every time I try to save manually.
Um... Not really.
I've had it lock up a few times.
Um...
But it's just random.
I mean, it's just like any other game.
I haven't really had any problems saving manually because I do it all the time just in case I want to quit or something at that time.
No, not really any problems with it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Starfall PvP Typhoon
Thank you for watching!
We went back to Ubers and the old WoW content and got ourselves the Jenkins title.
Because you can now, you know, WoW has this funny way of working in pop culture references about WoW into WoW.
And this whole Leroy Jenkins thing is now Leroy is an achievement and if you get that achievement you can have Jenkins as your title.
So that you're like, you know, if your character name is, you know, Sky, you would be Sky Jenkins.
Which is kind of funny.
So there you go.
Other than Warcraft and experiencing the new patch, I actually took a trip, and you folks that have been listening to the show for a long time since we were about music games will appreciate this, and you guys here in studio.
I went to Milpitas Golf Land this week.
I went to good old Miggle.
It's changed a lot since, you know, I hadn't been there in quite a few years.
Last time I was there, I think they still had Derby Owners Club, which is now at our Vigil.
And at Milpitas Golf Land, you know, you have to remember, this is like the holy land of...
of Beatmania and the Babani in, you know, between Milpitas and Sunnyvale Golf Land, you know, these were, I guess you could say Arcade Infinity to an extent, too.
It was like the trinity of California.
Northern California.
Well, Arcade Infinity is southern, technically, but you know what I mean, though.
It's like one of the west coast hubs of where DDR got big.
And it's interesting to see, you know how Milpitas...
used to have DDR in one of the rooms that room it's it's like two rooms you have to this arcade is like two separate buildings one building now is nothing but ticket games like I remember when we were first going there like half of it was ticket redemption it was slowly spreading well now it is nothing but ticket redemption in one room but it's interesting because they've turned the other room into you know like all the music games are on one one wall then all the driving games are over here and all the fighting games are over here so it's kind of like you have
Just different little sections that was kind of interesting.
But I did play... I played Midnight Maximum Tune 3 and I played Keyboard Mania even though it was sticking on the keyboard.
But a new game I played, Dance Dance Revolution Supernova 2.
It's been out this whole time and I have not yet played it in arcades and it was really the same damn thing as the last game.
There wasn't much difference.
Just some new songs.
Yippee!
And some little flashy graphics when you get combos.
That's it.
I forgot to let you know.
I mean, this is totally local news, but...
Remember that one store that we went to that's right there by the Folsom Theater, the Gamer's Empire or whatever?
They got a Supernova machine now.
It's untouched, basically.
Well, this is the other thing that surprised me.
Miggle is selling their DDR Extreme machine.
They have a little sign on it that says for sale.
Guess how much they want for this Miggle DDR Extreme machine as is.
$12,000.
No, a little high.
Very high, in fact.
$8,000.
It's a used machine.
No, much higher.
8,000 dollars.
A little lower.
7,000 dollars.
A little lower than that.
6,000 dollars.
6,000 dollars is what they want for this machine.
It's not bad.
5,999 to be exact.
I don't know.
You can take the machine, retrofit it, and upgrade it, I mean.
That's always interesting.
I don't know.
So, that was it.
And then I actually played miniature golf, which in all the times I've ever been to Milpitas Golf Line, I never have played miniature golf there.
But I did this time.
So there you go.
Miniature Golf the real game um that's it not a lot of whole other console games i've been playing just you know experiencing wow this week and you know some of the same old console stuff i've been playing like rock band and all that good stuff all right let's get into uh some housekeeping real quick it is episode number 299 tonight which means next week is episode number 300 if you can believe it and uh what we want you guys to do is we want you to leave your messages for us we're going to play them during next week's commercial break um
If you want to say a few words about Orange Launch Radio, just try to keep it a minute or less.
You can call the Skype line anytime when we're not live.
Don't call right now if you're listening live on Sunday night, but if you're listening to this in the podcast format, give 1-877-GAME-OLR a call and leave us a message about what you think about us making Episode 300, and we'll play it on the break next week.
Otherwise, it's going to be a good old-fashioned show.
You never know what kind of guests might show up.
Also, we have some games planned for next week.
It'll be a good time.
There you have it.
and something that... Loki has a huge surprise, we'll say that.
We'll say that much.
Loki has a huge surprise.
And let's see, what else do we have coming up?
If you've been listening to the show this year, you know I've had some medical issues going on.
I'm going to be having surgery right after episode 300, so we probably won't be having a show the next week.
So we might have a little bit of a break after episode 300.
We'll have more details on that next week.
That's all.
So we'll talk about that.
And don't worry, the surgery is nothing major.
It's gallbladder surgery.
A million people have had it done.
I'm not that worried about it.
I just kind of want to get it over with at this point.
So, that's it for housekeeping.
Visit our MySpace.
Visit our Facebook.
Visit our LiveJournal, our Twitter.
Let's get into tonight's gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
Yes, anyways, so this is kind of interesting.
I mean, not too surprising because they haven't been doing well financially for a while now.
But Infogrames has finally now finished purchasing Atari.
They made an $11 million stock purchase.
of Atari, and previously they had owned 51.4%.
But now they are done with the purchase, and we'll see where they take it.
Hopefully in the right direction, and not, I don't know, into the red again.
This is the same company that brought us the Epic 2600 in My How Times Have Changed, right?
This is kind of, I don't know, kind of
Kind of sad in a way, but you kind of saw it coming because what has Atari done in the past five years that's been really huge, besides maybe their flashback consoles, which are really cool, actually.
Dragon Ball Z?
I guess, all right, but I don't know.
In a way, it's kind of the end of an era.
Era?
Did I say error?
No, I'm thinking of something else.
No, the end of an era, you know what I mean?
So, that's kind of sad, but there you go.
Hey, LittleBigPlanet has been stirring up a lot of talk this week.
And one thing that's got people talking about LittleBigPlanet is the new license agreement that Sony has.
Sony actually recently changed the PlayStation Network terms of use.
And basically, to make a long story short, Sony says now in the user license agreement, you also authorize us and our affiliated companies without payment to you to license, sell, and otherwise commercially exploit your user material.
So if you don't like it, don't use it.
If you create a little big planet level in the game and Sony decides they're going to sell it on a compilation later on, like maybe a best of for people that don't have online access, as I could possibly see forthcoming, depending on how big this game is, too bad, you're not getting any money for it.
And if you don't like it, don't play the game.
You know, I like how they actually have exploit in there.
It's an interesting word.
And we'll rape your mother.
What?
I don't know.
I don't think that'll be a little big planet level.
It could be.
It's kind of not surprising.
I know a lot of people are looking at this and say, oh my gosh, Sony is so big, bad, and evil corporate, but is it really that surprising in a way?
No.
Not really.
I would hope that they still give you credit for it at least or say, hey, it's going to be in here.
At least they have a free copy of the game.
Shit.
That's the least they could do.
I mean, a lot of people would probably be like, hell yeah, go ahead and put it in there.
I mean, I don't think they would.
I don't know, I would be like, hell yeah, go ahead and put that in there, just give me credit.
But if you don't like it, you don't like it, don't use it.
Don't play the game, I guess.
I mean, I don't know, if you were really expecting to profit off LittleBigPlanet, I think you might be playing the game for the wrong reasons, right?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Anyhow, we'll see how Sony plans to exploit user-created levels pretty soon.
Well, moving on to... I don't know if this... Well, exploitation just really isn't the best word for this.
I call it hypocrisy, but, you know, as we discussed with Bobby earlier, speaking of which...
This is LittleBigPlanet is being recalled because of religious content within the game and technically what it is is two expressions from the Koran have made it into the game by means of a song that was licensed to be in the game.
that came out a few years ago.
And one person in the beta found it and apparently took offense to its presence and therefore wrote a letter to Sony, which I have right here, because I love pulling up, you know...
and archived content off of message boards after posts have been deleted for days.
And I'm not even going to bother pronouncing any of the Arabic because I can't.
We'll play the clip in a little bit.
Sony Computer Entertainment and Media Molecule
When I listened carefully, I was surprised to hear some very familiar Arabic words from the Quran.
You can listen to the track here, we'll play it in a second.
The words are, in the 18th second, it's to translate, "...every soul shall have the taste of death," and to, almost immediately after, in the 27th second, "...all that is on earth will perish."
Too late!
We Muslims consider the mixing of music and words from our Holy Quran deeply offending.
We hope you would remove the track from the game immediately via an online patch and make sure that all future shipments of the game do not contain it.
We'd also like to mention this isn't the first time something like this has happened in video games.
Nintendo's 1998 hit Zelda Ocarina of Time contained a musical track with Islamic phrases and was removed in later shipments of the game after Nintendo was contacted by Muslim organizations.
Last year Capcom's Zack and Wiki and Activision's Call of Duty 4 also contained objectionable material offensive to Muslims that was spotted before the release of the final games and both companies thankfully removed the content.
We hope that you act immediately to avoid any confusion and necessary controversy and we thank you for making such an amazing game.
Now, I think the letter was very well worded.
However, I'm going to go back and read a particular line from this, if I may.
We Muslims consider the mixing of music and words from our Holy Quran deeply offending.
So why aren't you offended at the artist that, you know, recorded the song in the first place?
Don't you think that's just a little bit of hypocrisy right there?
I mean, shouldn't you actually take issue up with the songwriter, who, by the way, is Muslim, right?
Yeah, and the song has been out since 2006.
Exactly, so why don't you do your homework first?
Okay, and to be honest, I mean, who is this really offending?
It's not like, you know, death to America, woohoo!
It's not, there's nothing like that.
I mean, most people are not going to know what it means.
They're just going to hear it and they're going to say, hey, that sounds African.
Hey, that fits with the level in the game.
Because that's what I heard, and that's what I thought.
I'm like, hell, this song is fucking awesome.
So to put this in context of the game of why this music would be here in the first place, like, you know, in the Africa level, you hear African-style music.
In the South America level, you hear South American-style music.
So in the, you know, in a level that's appropriate, you hear this music.
It's world music, basically, as you're traveling different parts of the world.
But somehow this slipped under the radar where, you know, people didn't realize that this could be offensive, even though the song's been out there for a while when nothing's said.
Well, keep in mind also, this is what I drew a parallel to.
Why aren't Christian groups being offended at Rock Band 2 for having System of a Down in it?
They probably are.
Lines from the Bible.
They probably are.
Why did the game come out then with that song in it?
Probably because Christian groups don't care because they have their own music with lines from the Bible and it's Christian rock and they're just like, hell yeah, spread the word.
But it's the same equivalent is what I'm saying.
But I'm just sorry, I mean...
If I get pissed off, okay, if something I find offensive in a game and I write Sony a letter, they're going to be like, fuck off.
If I say I'm Arab, then they're like, oh, oh, now we're going to listen to you.
Double fucking standard.
I disagree.
I disagree.
I completely disagree.
This is actually something that's going on in the country, especially over here, is that we're seeing people catering to different ethnic groups because of this whole perception of oppression that really should not exist in America in the modern world.
I am going to put together a letter then to Sony and Media Monocle and I'm going to tell them how deeply offended I am that they are censoring the game I don't understand why if we offend one person I don't get why it's a big deal I actually do wonder how Sony would have reacted if the letter came that had absolutely no reference to the person sending it being Muslim or if they specifically said I am not Muslim, however
Their reaction would have been different.
There is a freaking double standard.
I'm sorry.
Just to give some context to this, I'm going to play the clip from this game.
It's hit the gaming blog.
Somebody recorded it off their phone.
I'm going to give credit where credit is due.
We pulled this from Kotaku, where I believe one of their users got the sound clip and posted it on the site there.
I'm going to play it.
If you think for whatever reason this might offend you, I urge you to not listen to the next minute of the program.
But I just want to give this some context so that our listeners can understand where the controversy might be springing from.
I'm going to play the clip.
So it definitely sets a certain type of world mood, right, this music?
Yeah.
And there's an awful lot of ignorant Americans out there that are not going to know anything that was just said.
Not going to know any of that.
They're just going to think, oh, it matches the movie.
I know three words in Arabic and I couldn't say them off the top of my head.
So how was that?
Look, I want to present a different opinion here, because I think, although I do see the overreaction going on here a little bit, and I think you're right, there are other religious things that are offensive that are in video games, I think in a way, Sony's doing us all a favor by pulling this game.
Is it a little bit hypersensitive?
Yes.
But is it Sony's fault?
No.
Whose fault is it?
The media's fault.
Because...
Unfortunately, if this had gone out and the wrong person had heard about it, and instead CNN, Al Jazeera, MSNBC gets a letter about this, then it's suddenly going to be all over the mainstream press that, oh my gosh, video games are teaching children passages from the Quran.
And it's over.
You know what I mean at that point?
It's just another outrage of the violence in games and the messages that games are teaching us.
Now it's religious text.
Who's going to say that it's not going to happen anyways?
How about the people representing Mexico saying that they don't like the way that Mexicans are portrayed in this game?
Or how about the way that South America is portrayed in this game?
I see Sony sees smoke and they're trying to put out the fire before it spreads.
I kind of, and forgive me for going to a comedian on this one, but I kind of want to quote Carlos Mencia about talking about people being offended about the Taco Bell dog.
He's like, the Taco Bell dog sends out messages for people that Mexicans are stupid.
He's like, no, it's sending out messages to buy more tacos.
You know, it's people looking to be offended at something.
It's people that are trying to find an excuse to...
I really do think it's people just trying to find some sort of excuse to put a little drama into their lives, to break up the monotony, instead of trying to just say, hey, it's in there.
I don't care.
If you're going to be offended at it being in the game, be offended at the person that recorded the song to begin with.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't think the mainstream media would have given a fuck I think they would have placed blame on the game and I think Sony is just trying to put out that fire it's sad but that's the world we live in it sucks but I agree with you that Sony is trying but I also do think that it would not have gotten as much attention from Sony had it not specifically said I and other Muslims are offended by this
Because we do have that double standard that if you are some sort of oppressed group, and I say oppressed in quotes, that you automatically have to have someone throw you a bone.
I'm sorry, that's not how it works.
So was this dude like the only Muslim person playing this game, you know, in the beta or something?
It was one person in the beta.
He posted about it and found other people in his religious group that were equally offended.
were they playing the game?
I have a hard time believing he was the one and only Muslim in the beta.
That's what I just said.
He was talking to other people in other forums like you said in his letter.
To his credit, his letter was well worded and very respectful.
That I do have to commend him on.
And he wasn't asking for the game to be recalled and I don't think we're placing any of the blame on this guy at all for maybe bringing it to light.
He even specifically said
Future releases not contain it.
Patch the first releases, future printings, don't include it.
That's acceptable, and that's part of what the beta is there for, to weed out offensive material, to weed out bugs, to make sure that you're releasing clean, safe content.
and so on.
But I am going to, you know, like I said before, I don't know that Sony, I think he was right.
The guy who sent the letter was right to voice his concern.
If he felt like it was a big enough concern, he was right to voice it.
Because what was one thing that I always say, nothing changes until you put forth the effort to make it change.
Am I correct?
I think, though, that the recall should be voluntary.
Because if you are offended by it, then yes, they should give you the opportunity to send in your copy of the game so they don't have to hear that.
But if a person like me, who thinks the song is pretty kick-ass and doesn't really care what it says, wants to keep it, then I don't see what the big deal is.
And see, that's part of what I... Because now they're oppressing me and my desire to have this song in the game for my own personal use, and they're oppressing me to benefit somebody else.
That is my problem.
I don't have a problem with...
Thanks for watching!
There's... It's pointless.
You're wasting time and money.
You could just put out a patch.
Why should one... Because one group of people is offended by content that does not offend... Now, especially when the content is not attacking another group.
Now, if this was content that was saying, we hate all of so-and-such group, kill them all...
Then, yes, it should be removed, don't you think?
But if it's just something, not even a specific statement, just saying, oh, well, one day the earth is gone and all this stuff is going to happen.
Well, it's just like reading Revelations, really.
I mean, it's nothing that's directed towards a party that anyone who is not in that faith would really get the reference to.
I just don't think there's an easy answer to this.
I think this whole story is just a reflection of the world we live in.
People are just too fucking offended.
I know.
But you know, I'm sitting here thinking, it's live radio, and sometimes I'm giving a lot of these stories a lot of thought as we're sitting here talking about them.
And I'm thinking, there's a story coming up later in the show in Part B where we're going to talk about something that's coming out in an upcoming game that kind of offends me a little bit.
and although I can take offense I know how to be offended or whatever it's just kind of one of those things where even I look at some of the things that happen in video games and I go this is so stupid I wish games would kind of learn how to
I don't know, address some of these things more appropriately.
In a way, I feel like a hypocrite kind of sitting here going, you know, well, everybody should just kind of learn to deal with it when I'm thinking about it.
But come to think of it, there are some things in video games that offend me.
Do you think that you would get equal representation if you had emailed that company that makes that game?
Hell to the no.
Exactly.
Exactly my damn point.
What about Redneck Rampage, okay?
Now, while I personally...
Don't consider myself to be a redneck.
I do consider quite a number of my relatives to be purely... Jeff Foxworthy defines redneck as someone completely lacking in sophistication.
I agree.
That's most of my family.
Not my immediate, but aunts and uncles and cousins Anyway, so if I said I'm from Mobile, Alabama and I'm offended at this game or I'm offended at how you've portrayed this southern person in this game as being stupid just because they talk a little slower and have a thick accent that doesn't mean that their IQ is any lower than anybody else's I could say I'm offended at that or I could just laugh and go I'm related to people like that
Thanks for watching!
I don't know.
I don't know if this is a can of worms I want to open.
Well, what the hell?
We're here.
We do this show for a reason to talk about things.
But the story I want to talk about later has to do with an upcoming game that just reinforces gay stereotypes I wish would go away.
And as a gay man, it gets really old after a while seeing some of these gay stereotypes in games.
So I just kind of sit here and go, God, I wish it would just fucking grow up some of these people that program the games.
So I'm thinking to myself, but at the same time, maybe there's people that are Arab that are sick of some of these stereotypes that are in the game about the...
The verses that are being said, I don't know.
In a way, I just don't want to be a hypocrite here.
But see, that's the thing.
There's quite a bit of difference between what you're discussing and what's going on.
This is just... Well, at the same time, CNN would never run a story either on the fact that this other game comes out and offends gay people.
That would never happen.
Never happen.
Because it's stereotypes that a lot of people think about.
It was going back to the massive double standard about what's considered bigotry and what's not, really.
It's like I was just saying in the chat room, racism is racism.
It doesn't matter.
I brought up an example.
We did a diversity class at my work.
Any corporation does diversity classes.
And I brought a situation, and I think I've said it on the show, when I worked in Alabama at Aladdin's Castle,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
there's a street fighter machine right there and she shut up and walked away but you see what I mean racism is racism, bigotry is bigotry and as long as we perpetuate that type of thought and as long as we keep getting offended instead of just learning to roll a little bit with the punches give a little, take a little then what's going to happen we're breeding a different kind of intolerance don't you think?
That's a reasonable answer.
The question we asked our folks on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, did Sony overreact by recalling LittleBigPlanet due to the controversial music in the game?
Why or why not?
And here's some of the responses that we got on our Twitter, starting off with DarkTetsuya.
And I don't know about lawsuit...
I'm not trying to prove all our listeners wrong, I'm sorry, but I just want to say, hey, look at this too.
Geekboy2424 says, yes, nobody would have noticed if they wouldn't have mentioned it.
The person who heard this had to have scanned it.
Well, he was a beta tester, right?
Well, okay, not to mention that he's also probably very familiar with the Koran as well, because I don't know about you, but if someone quotes Bible verses to me...
Wish!
Wish!
Wish!
Let me read some of these other responses.
Mar and Marvel says, I think that it was overreacting a bit, but I can understand because of not wanting to offend people, especially in this so happy day and age.
Dustoise says, wait, we have to please everyone and offend no one.
We better stop the world now then.
Big overreaction.
Pete Garuno says, hell no.
Oh, fine, enough of that.
To be honest, political correctness is going overboard.
It seems silly that nobody cared until launch.
Gold Anthro says, yes, with the game being awaited for so long, just to remove it for something so small seems unnecessary.
DJ Tyrant says, no, it was something that needed to be removed and caught earlier.
Not everyone is connected to the interwebs either.
The Sag says, considering worldwide reactions to cartoons, absolutely not.
Recalls are less expensive than riots.
Interesting point.
Interesting point.
Decipher13 says, With people suing for less these days, Sony didn't overreact.
Receiving the game at work and it being recalled in the same day was odd.
So there you have it.
Some of our comments from the Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
And I'm sure this will go on for quite some time.
I'm curious to see what kind of emails we get this week.
I don't know.
Again, I think this is a type of quandary to where there's no easy answer.
There's no easy solution because unfortunately there are people that will get offended and it could affect gaming's perception out there as a whole.
And it's just a shame.
It's a shame.
It's just, I really... My last two cents on it, really, is just I'm not looking forward to a world where no one can have any sort of free thought or opinion of their own without someone else trying to strike them down for being wrong.
My final thing is, I don't have a problem...
Perfect!
Perfect solution!
PS3 and PSP have received brand new firmware updates.
The PS3 at a whopping 2.50 and PSP at now 5.0 firmwares.
Some of the brand new features included with that.
The PSP version is getting the PlayStation Online store now, which is pretty awesome.
Also the PS3 version, Flash 9 support.
and also I guess they're including support now for the official PS3 Bluetooth adapter because they're now releasing a new headset that's going to be with SOCOM and stuff.
You can set your system to automatically shut down after downloading stuff.
I'm trying to remember what else was added with the PSP.
Probably just some minor fixes and stuff and trying to fix it so that no one can crack it.
Oh darn, too bad that failed again.
So apparently the day after it came out, it was already cracked and the custom firmware 5.0 was released.
Ah, Sony, you try, you try, but you fail and you fail.
So, oh well.
Do you think somebody's going to come up with a patch to patch the offensive music back in LittleBigPlanet?
Not to go back to that story, but with people that want to keep breaking what Sony destroys.
I did want to mention, though, there was a story that we didn't make it in there.
One of the things that was included with the new PS3 firmware is there's a recovery...
So you can actually help recover your system so it doesn't break, which is nice.
I'm glad that they threw that in there.
All right.
Well, hey, you know, some of the things that they're also kind of reformatting on the Sony side, especially when it comes into the store and how things are being presented on the online store.
It looks like companies are now starting to get their own little special stores.
Capcom is one of the first we're hearing about.
Capcom has their own little like company version of the PlayStation store.
If you go to the Capcom store, you can get all of Capcom's stuff kind of in one little place on the PlayStation Network store.
You get the Capcom demos, their games, their themes.
It's all in one spot.
Now, funny enough, this wasn't an idea of Capcom's.
It was actually Sony's who, I guess, must have presented the idea to them.
And if you think this is going to be only in the Sony side of things, guess what?
They're saying that the new Xbox experience that's coming out means that Microsoft will be able to do something similar for their companies.
So it's going to be very interesting.
You almost now are going to go from one...
It's kind of cool in a way.
In my mind, I'm envisioning now that online shopping for these networks is now going from one giant everything-stop shop that the company owns, like Microsoft's Walmart or Sony's Target, is now going to be like a strip mall where you can go into the Capcom store and go into the Konami store.
It's going to be interesting to see what each company has to offer.
It's going to be very, very interesting to see what this does for company branding in the video games.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
What stores will people visit first?
And who puts out what product?
Because back in the days of the NES, I don't think a lot of people followed these things.
Most people didn't even know that Konami and Ultra were really the same company.
They just would follow a particular series or whatever.
But it's very interesting now that we have this very company-branded atmosphere that these online stores are going to create.
I had to make a response to Geekboy2424 in the chat room.
What did he say?
He disagrees with me that parents shouldn't police what their children play.
Yes, they should.
It's the parent's job.
However...
Don't miss out that I have said parents need to be educated and actually research instead of making a blanket assumption.
It doesn't mean parents should put the band hammer down.
I think Geekboy2424 is a rather younger listener of ours, which is why I think he might get a little bit hurt that we're saying your parents need to be watching or whatever.
But we're not saying the parents need to ban everything.
The parents need to be watching.
And the parents should at least know what you're doing.
Educate themselves.
As far as this show is concerned, I don't think folks of a certain age should necessarily even be listening to this show without their parents kind of knowing what they're listening to on the internet.
I like to think we're a good influence and not a bad one, but your parents have a right to know.
This is my suggestion.
This is what I used to do with my mother.
True, it was over NES games when I was much younger.
But why don't you find a review of the game?
Find some video clips of the game, and then say, hey, this is the game that I want to play.
Do you mind if we pick it up?
And being an adult, hopefully they should be able to make a decision whether or not they consider what you think okay is okay.
Recognize some of your passion behind it, too.
Exactly.
You know what I mean?
Maybe you'll get props for like, wow, our kid actually put together a whole little prosecution program.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's true.
So help your parents make an informed decision.
If you truly think that you should have this game, put some effort into it.
Let them know why.
So my next story.
Yeah, go ahead.
Sorry.
There has been a little bit of a tease now that those who finished the PlayStation 3 version of Bioshock get a little teaser trailer saying Bioshock 2 Sea of Dreams.
is supposed to come out sometime in the future.
and there's actually I think some video up around this up on Joystick if anyone wants to take a look at it and it's your typical teaser I watched it just because I thought the first Bioshock was pretty graphically stunning just to tell you the teaser is your typical teaser video it's nothing but you know the one shot of the girl standing on the beach or whatever and the one line it's a teaser in every sense of the word and just the fact it's coming and it gives you that tagline Sea of Dreams
That's it.
Yeah.
That's what a teaser is.
So, in other words, Bioshock 2 is coming.
Duh!
You know what I mean?
They needed some teasing to do that.
I guess now you have a subtitle, so there you go.
When's it coming out?
Soon.
Soon.
Someday.
Actually, I don't think it's coming out too soon.
A few years?
Well, maybe... 2010.
Soon is a blanket term.
Summer 2010.
I don't know.
That's a guess.
I say summer 2010.
I like that.
We'll just use that for everything now.
What?
Summer 2010.
That's when all the games are coming out.
That's when Final Fantasy XIII is coming out.
Summer 2010.
We'll be lucky if it comes out by that time.
Alright.
Release dates.
Well, there are other games coming out.
This week, at least.
Starting off, we've got The World of Goo, which is coming to PC.
Fun little casual game there.
Did very well on a... I think it's on the Wii already.
I'm not sure.
As far as a WiiWare...
and of course today Rock Band 2 finally made it out on the PS3 also the special edition bundles for PS3 and Xbox 360 are now available
The Naked Brothers Band is coming out with a game, a karaoke game.
PlayStation 2 and the Wii for that one.
Hooray.
Penny Racers Party Turbo Q Speedway.
Apparently that got delayed from last week.
And that's hopefully coming out this week now.
Spongebob featuring Nicktoons in the Globs of Doom will be out on PlayStation 2, the Wii, and on the DS.
Let's see here.
Back at the barnyard, Slop Bucket Games for the DS.
We have Midnight Club Los Angeles on PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
Also Midnight Club LA Remix for the PSP.
Midnight Club is a pretty awesome racing game.
Played that a little bit at PAX.
Pass the Pigs coming to DS.
That's that old dice game, Pigs, if you remember that game.
Oh, where they would land in the certain formations?
Oh my god, okay.
A whopping 20 bucks for that.
Why would you play a dice game on a video game?
It's a good travel game.
You can't throw pigs around in a car.
They'll get lost.
Fair enough.
Why do people buy Uno on Xbox Live?
I throw pigs around all the time, just letting you know.
We actually have a dwarf potbelly that we throw around on long trips at semis.
Wow Wow Lovely Lisa on DS Yes, it's an import doll game Yippee Hooray It's like a little doll that no one knows Wii Music is coming out finally on the Wii I know everybody's excited about that one I am Why?
I liked it I'm getting it for free anyway What does it matter?
If you had to pay for it, would you?
Okay That's what I thought I'm getting it for free
Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader, Make the Grade, coming to the DS and the Wii.
Let's see here.
Disney's Sing It, their karaoke game, coming to the Wii.
Spider-Man Web of Shadows on the PSP, PS2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS, and probably PC.
A bunch of girl games with Energy Gym Rockets.
It's a gymnast sim game.
They have Think Fast, which is a Disney trivia game coming to the Wii and PlayStation 2.
The Legend of Spyro, Dawn of the Dragon on PlayStation 2, PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 Coming to the Xbox 360 Oh I had no idea that was coming out this soon I thought for some reason it was in January Well they do a really good job Advertising their games Go Konami Clash of the Ninja Revolution 2 For the Wii Let's see here Dancing with the Stars Wii Dance Coming to Wii and Playstation 2 And DS
Energy Horse Rider for DS.
Yet another horse riding sim.
And if that's not good enough for you, Barbie Horse Adventures Riding Camp.
That's PlayStation 2 Wii and DS.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Fur Seasons on the Wii.
God, there's a lot of crap coming out.
Anything else big?
If not, we'll just move on.
Well, yeah, just small games like Far Cry 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Fable 2 on Xbox 360, and High School Musical 3, Senior Year Dance, because I know everybody's looking forward to that.
Whoopee.
I think that's all the big stuff.
I'm taking a quick look here.
Well, let's travel over to Japan, take a look at the Japanese release dates.
There's not a lot to speak of on the Xbox 360.
NBA Live 09 gets its Japanese localization on October 23rd, that coming out from EA over in Japan.
Heading on over to the PlayStation 3, I imagine they're getting the same thing, and they sure are.
Also, by the way, on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, Gundam Musou is getting a price reduction on both systems, so if you haven't checked that out yet, you can.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii in Japan.
The Happy Dance Collection comes out from Namco Bandai this week, as well as Gensai Table Games Wii, Pro Golfer Saru, and Tenchu 4 comes out.
There you go.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2 this week, Devil's Summoner, a new game in the Devil's Summoner series, comes out on October 23rd, as well as Ever 17, The Out of Infinity, although I think that might just be a price reduction.
Yeah, that's just a price reduction.
Also, Hakugen no Soryu Contract to Future comes out as well.
And NBA Live 09 on PlayStation 2 as well.
And a game called Never 7, The End of Infinity also gets a price reduction as well as Remember 11.
And Sakura Taisen 3 also goes into Sega The Best series.
So lots of price reductions this week.
Price reductions this week.
Didn't it get out to like 5 in the Sakura Taisen series?
I don't know how far they got, but it's just number three.
I think four came out on Dreamcast, didn't it?
Yeah, three was out on PlayStation 2, I guess.
I don't know if that was a newer version or what.
on the Nintendo DS Dragon Quest Monsters Joker gets a price reduction as does Final Fantasy 3 and Final Fantasy 12 Revenant Wings both getting price reductions as well as far as new games go you got Katsui Death Label as well as Kimi no Yūsha comes out from SNK Playmore on the DS as well as Soul Eater Medusa no Inubu comes out and Wakamama Fashion Gals Mode because I know you were looking forward to that but that is a first party title in Japan so go figure
I want Soul Eater
You want Soul Eater?
I was going to say, there's one small game I missed.
What's that?
It's coming out a week from today.
Guitar Hero World Tour.
It will be coming out on everything.
Well, that's because it's not a Tuesday game.
It's a Sunday game.
It's going to be epic, I guess.
By the way, to specify, DJ Maxx is the Classic Y edition.
There already is several DJ Maxx games on the PSP.
This is the Classic Y edition.
By the way, one other game I want to point out on the PSP this week in Japan from Sega, Garnet Chronicle comes out as well.
DarkSakura, take us to Europe.
Here are our European releases.
Well, at least as far as the UK is concerned.
We have on the 21st EverQuest Seeds of Destruction.
I just like saying Destruction.
That's pretty freaking awesome.
Destruction of Destruction.
this should just be ultimate destruction destroying the destructors or something new game from OLR Studios on the 24th we have Dead Space looking forward to that Disaster Day of Crisis, Dungeon Maker Fable 2, which actually my husband has to work for the midnight launch tomorrow so I'm gonna laugh we also have Legendary on Xbox 360 well I don't LittleBigPlanet is given the 24th date um
Although we know that's not going to happen anymore.
Exactly, but I'm just saying.
Also, Midnight Club Los Angeles on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well as Midnight Club Los Angeles Remix on PSP.
Star Ocean The First Departure on PSP.
Not too bad, huh?
Not a bad week at all.
And it's just going to get busier and busier as we get closer to the holiday.
Well, that one last game that I had mentioned...
Guitar Hero World Tour
Polly, Something in the Way, Stay Away, and Territorial Pissings And each of those is available for $2 Or you can save $3 by the whole packet for $11 or $880 But isn't it interesting that it's completely missing like the biggest songs on that album Smells Like Teen Spirit and Come As You Are I think was on that album too Isn't that strange?
Yeah, it is a little strange, except I think it smells like Teen Spirits in Guitar Hero World Tour, and I'm not sure about the rest of them.
Yeah, but it's not like games haven't shared the same songs before.
Well, they may have exclusive rights to that song.
Money talks.
I guess.
All right, well, hey, if you have opted for Guitar Hero World Tour, one of the things you can look forward to downloading next year.
That's right, they're announcing download stuff for next year on the Guitar Hero side.
The brand new Oasis album, Dig Out Your Soul.
I had no idea that Oasis was still putting out music.
I haven't heard much of their stuff.
There's probably some British folks over on the other side of the pond that are like bonk.
to me, but they don't play them on the radio at all here anymore.
Not since Wonderwall back in the mid-90s.
But they are still cranking out music.
They have a new album coming out, Dig Out Your Soul, and that will be coming out next year.
Some of the singles from that album, Bag It Up, Waiting for the Rapture, The Shock of the Lightning, are all coming out on Guitar Hero World Tour.
So if you are an Oasis fan, and you're mad at me for my comment of not hearing them lately, you at least have that to look forward to.
There you go.
Well, here's some more rumors.
Hey, wait a minute.
You're the resident Blur fan girl.
We haven't heard a lot of Blur, like, I love Blur talk on the show lately.
Didn't Blur and Oasis have like a feud thing years ago?
Did they ever get over that?
I think that, well, since Blur is basically disbanded because Graham Coxon got really offended when they told him, stop drinking!
And he's like, well, screw you guys.
You throw me out of the band, I'm never coming back.
You knew that was the story, right?
Did he call them all bloody wankers?
Because if he did, that's too good.
Probably things a lot worse than calling someone a wanker.
However, Graham Coxon has gone off to do his own thing.
Damon has gorillas and also has The Good, The Bad, and The Queen, which is pretty freaking good.
Well, I was thinking maybe if Guitar Hero is getting Oasis, this might mean Blur for Rock Band.
I would totally love it if we had Blur for Rock Band.
You know, we need to do a list list just for me of what Blur songs do we want to hear in Rock Band.
And those look good, Bob.
What I'm eating, by the way, Orange Lounge Foodio for a minute.
I found these when I was in the Bay Area this weekend, and I about crapped myself.
I was so excited.
They're flat fortune cookies.
So they're fortune cookies, but they're just ironed out flat and without the fortune, obviously, in them.
But I love the taste of fortune cookies.
So they're misfortune cookies.
Yes.
And I know there's probably some of our listeners going, big fucking deal.
But you can't get these here anywhere.
I've looked.
You have to go to the freaking fortune cookie factory in the Bay Area to find them or Long's Drugs, apparently.
Go figure.
Sorry, random thought.
I was just looking at the golden shiny goodness.
Would you like one?
I would love one now.
Alright, here you go.
I'm bringing it over.
Ooh, cookie.
It's like a pancake.
It looks like a freaking pancake.
Hold up to the camera.
Those of you that are watching on Justin.TV, I'll give you a cookie, too, while Jamie reads the story.
Okay.
Anyway, there is a very shaky teaser trailer up for Guitar Hero Metallica, which I had been hearing them speak of before, so I don't think it's that far off.
But it's saying...
The trailer is supposed to come with Guitar Hero World Tour, and it has a Ride the Lightning 2009 something.
Because that's not cheesy or anything.
I think Metallica has finally gotten off of their music, electronic distribution, and just said, cool.
No, they still have to do that to be edgy, you know, but they're going for it.
And I do also have to say that the Metallica tracks in Rock Band 2 are fucking hard!
Maybe they just like playing Rock Band and Guitar Hero.
So they decided to, you know, and Guitar Hero comes and says, hey, we'll do a whole freaking game about you guys.
And they're like, cool.
Or they saw what they did with Aerosmith and were like, we want that shit.
Well, and Metallica is the epitome of awesome rock before they sold out, so...
I hope for their sake that they learn from Rock Band and decide to go ahead and allow each of those games that they release separately to be able to be downloaded so that you can play tracks in your Guitar Hero World Tour game.
Because that would suck otherwise.
Especially if there's a lot of games coming out like they were saying that they were going to do.
I don't know.
Like a cock?
Yes, crazy like the cock.
Apparently, though, they release a lot of independent games, of course, like I think actually this week.
I can't remember.
I can't believe I forgot it.
Legendary should be coming out.
And that's one game that they're publishing as well as Velvet Assassin that's going to be coming out later on.
I'm sorry, but they did that Pirates and Ninjas dodgeball game that was horrible.
No, that's South Peak.
Yeah.
Yeah, South Peak did... I'm talking about Gamecock.
I thought Gamecock did that game.
No.
I don't think they did.
They may have been publishing it.
Whatever.
They're a publisher.
They don't make the games.
They just publish them.
Yes, the Pirates and Ninjas Dodgeball.
Maybe not exactly the glowing example of their portfolio, but...
Legendary looked good, and Mushroom Man sort of okay, but there's a lot more games they're putting out, and they're increasingly getting better.
So that's nice.
South Peak, on the other hand, they've been releasing what?
Overlord?
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, everyone was pretty sweet.
They had some other stuff.
X-Blades, I think, was one of theirs as well.
I wonder if one of the first orders of business at South Peak is going to be telling the guys at Gamecock to sit down and shut up.
Because, you know, they're kind of known for just making a lot of noise.
You know what I mean?
They just make noise.
Some people don't get it.
Like, sometimes you kind of look at them and go, they're just kind of weird and need to shut up.
I don't get it.
I don't think that they're, like...
I get the sense Gamecock kind of runs themselves like a fraternity.
For real, I get the sense that they have raging kegger parties at some of their company things, events, right?
Yeah, I wouldn't doubt that.
It seems like this giant gaming fraternity, and I'm sure it's a fun as hell place to work, but sometimes you look at that and go, okay.
They have to remember that in every good frat party movie that there's always a montage sequence where they have to pull it together and act a little bit less...
Thanks for watching!
Grand scheme of things.
GameGuru in chat wants to say, South Peak didn't have anything to do with Pirates vs. Ninjas dodgeball.
Gamecock published it, though.
I thought I saw their logo on that game, and I'm sorry.
We talked about this, I think, last week or two weeks ago when DarkSakura's classic game of the week was the dodgeball game from Neo Geo that I thought the Pirates vs. Ninja game was kind of assy compared to Neo Geo 1.
I thought it was a dumb idea to begin with.
Anyways, they're all, oh, Pirates vs. Ninjas, we're going to sell this match once and for all.
with Dodgeball.
And I'm like, lame.
Tune out.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, if Gamecock has kegger parties, then OLR has pie parties.
Not true.
Tonight is a flat fortune cookie party.
Pancake cookie.
And they taste like pancakes too.
They're delish.
Don't they taste like pancakes?
They taste like yummy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And there was video and screenshots of them playing.
No, it's totally exclusive.
Well, sure enough, they've confirmed this week that due to overwhelming fan response, that soon you will be able to download Darth Vader and Yoda in Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, the respective versions that are missing it.
You'll be able to download them on October 23rd.
I'm not sure if that's a US or a Japanese date, but you know it's going to happen everywhere.
I mean, come on.
October 23rd, you know that's almost exactly three months from the game's release.
What a coinkydink.
Huh, wonder if they had an exclusive deal for three months.
It'll set you back $5.
That's 400 Microsoft points, or in Sony terms, $5.
Or $4.99, I'm sorry, in Sony terms, $4.99.
Because Sony's not going to do anything with that extra penny.
Yes, isn't that wonderful?
You have to put full amounts, full dollars into your account, but they charge you $4.99, so there's always a remainder.
But Loki, credit card fees.
Oh, cry.
You know, I'm a consumer whore.
I'll probably get it anyway.
And hell.
Just charge even amounts.
God, who cares?
$4.99 may seem cheaper, but seriously, people know how to do math.
They understand it's only one cent cheaper.
I'm glad though I can say I told you so I told you so to my friend that said I have to get the PlayStation 3 version of Soul Calibur because it's the only way I'll get to play Vader and secretly I think he just wanted to play me online and I'm like just wait there will be download content it's inevitable and I'll bet you what you know what I bet you money I will bet you money significant amount of money this is not download content it's pay to unlock content money I posted a picture in the chat room by the way of the view from where I sit
Well, thank you for that.
It's of Rob's head.
Oh, great.
And one of your pancake cookies.
Yummy.
All right.
Speaking of yummy, resistance to kids like aliens.
Kids should not be playing the game because it is mature.
The beta for Resistance 2 began on Friday.
So for those who got in, let us know how it is.
You know, what you can tell us.
You know, some opinion here or there.
And it's going to be going from...
Actually, the 20th of October, so I guess actually that's... No, I'm sorry, that's in Europe.
It's starting on Monday the 20th, and it's going to be going on until Thursday the 13th of November.
And there will be keys that are given out from IGN, but there's no date as to when those keys will be given out, so keep your eyes on IGN for a little bit more on that.
I like how the beta's going longer than actually the game.
You know, the game's coming out in the middle of the beta.
That's the UK dates.
Loki, you try to get into betas that you probably don't belong in.
Are you going to get into this one?
I'm not even going to try.
Alright.
I didn't really play much of the... Actually, I didn't play any of the multiplayer in Resistance 1.
In fact, I sold my copy back yesterday.
But you still enjoyed the game, right?
Yeah, the game was awesome.
And I will plan on getting it.
Unfortunately, I'm in brokery now, so I cannot buy the game.
Alright.
I'll have to wait a few weeks.
Oh, there you go.
But, um...
Yeah, so, I don't know.
The last few multiplayer betas I've been in, Call of Duty 4, I didn't really play much.
What else did I get in?
Battlefield Bad Company, I didn't even play that at all.
I'm a horrible beta tester.
For what it's worth, I played the Wrath of the Lich King beta once.
I went through all that patching and all that crap to play it once.
And that was it.
Then I went back to regular WoW.
Doesn't that mean you don't have to patch it later?
No, it was a completely separate thing.
No, because you still have to buy the retail copy of it.
They're going to change some things from what was in the beta.
Well, it's finally here for those people clamoring to play a translation of Mother 3.
You can now download the patch for your ROM that you may have of Mother 3.
Of course, you would
Need to have an import copy of the game because, you know, to make it legit.
But you can now download the patch.
The update, which has been worked on for a while now, is finally available.
So that's pretty awesome now that you get to play Mother 3, which I don't know.
I don't know why they don't just translate it.
Seriously, why do they refuse to put that game out over here?
I mean, it is literally a refusal on Nintendo's part to just put that game out here.
It's just weird how adamant they are.
I mean, I can't imagine it costs that much money to translate, but maybe it's because then they have to produce the game.
I don't know.
It's just sad.
And then you look at some of the stuff that is coming out from Nintendo on these systems, and you just go, why?
Personal training cooking.
That is awesome.
Not only are they a little behind in putting that out because there's going to be about four or five other cooking games coming out around the same time, I don't think anyone's going to buy it.
I mean, I'm sure there's people out there that actually purchase every single Nintendo game that comes out, but dude, seriously, you might start questioning that.
One more story before we get to the classic game of the week and get to our break tonight.
Hey, ladies, if you're still looking for a Halloween costume, you know your gamer man in your life might enjoy the sexy lingerie with Ms.
Pac-Man's likeness on it.
It will look like that Pac-Man and Ms.
Pac-Man are eating your boobies because that's what this bra looks like is that you actually have.
Pac-Man and Ms.
Pac-Man.
Or just click on the show roll link and you get this picture.
Dude.
But it looked, I mean, they're sexy little outfits.
I get that.
And I like how when the model, like there's a little like, I don't know what you want to call it, like gladiator style skirt with little flaps.
And if you lift up the flaps, it reveals Inky, one of the ghosts, or maybe it's Binky or Pinky, I don't know.
But on your panties, right where your cooter is.
So nice little surprise there.
Like, ooh, ghost.
And I would like to point out that the ghost is blue, which means it is an appropriate time to munch it.
For 200 points.
Anyway, 3wishes.com is where you can buy Miss Video Game.
Hey, while you're at it, you can also pick up their Chun-Li outfit if you'd like to.
I think I shall be clicking on a linky.
Are you going to be buying Miss Video Game for Dan this Halloween?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I think this week's Classic Game of the Week is probably one a lot of people have played, I'm guessing.
If they haven't, they suck.
Or maybe we're too young to see it the first time.
Or suck.
But you need to go find this game, right, DarkSakura?
Or you suck.
You can get it on PSP, shit.
All right, well, tell us about it.
What is this week's Classic Game of the Week?
We have two games, but they're together.
One's a sequel.
It's Parappa the Rapper and Parappa the Rapper 2.
So this is music from the first Parappa.
Parappa.
How do you not know this song?
Seriously, the demo came with what?
and I'll see you next time.
Basically, he goes around rapping against different people, so it's really a music rhythm game.
It's like Simon Says, really, where the words that whoever, you know, whichever the masters that you're going against, their words will have a pattern of button presses, and then you have to repeat it for yours, or do something that corresponds.
That's actually more proper, too.
Um, and of course the better you do, the better your score.
If you start sucking, then you go to bad, you're not rapping cool.
If you go, if you get from, you know, rapping good to rapping cool, then the stage just completely goes off and you take over and you just have to keep pressing buttons randomly until the stage is over, which was actually the only way I passed the stage from Jeremy Lammy, which we'll get to later.
So, um, speak, uh, the game was made by, um, uh, Masaya Matsura, um, who was, uh, actually, uh, one of the, uh, the leader of the Hyperpop unit for, uh, but he was also, um, the company that brought out the game was Nana Onsha, so, if anyone remembers.
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na Onsha.
Yeah.
I played this game literally a million times.
And Unchamelami.
I love these games.
Well, your meter, like I was saying before, you have a rapping good.
That's when you're doing okay.
When you're doing as you're expected to.
If you're rapping bad...
The art was done by Rodney Greenblatt, and he's got a website that's just got tons of his art.
But it also did have a sequel.
which we're getting to the music of next week.
And we will hear the music from the sequel right now.
Well, this is just the start of it.
This is from Parappa 2.
I didn't put Umjermalami in here, while even though it plays the same, it feels differently, I think.
Don't you agree?
Yeah, I mean, it is a different game, but it's like, it's not a sequel, but an equal, if that makes sense.
Yeah, and Umjermalami and friends make an appearance in this game.
But I had to pick the best music in Parappa 2.
I think we get a cutscene with this one.
I don't know if we go straight to the song.
Nope, we go straight to the song.
Hey everybody, watch out for those flying noodles.
Cause if you don't do well here, all you get to eat are noodles.
Here we go.
Extra, extra, we'd all about it.
I'm back for more because my store's a bore.
I travel shore to shore, door to door, looking around for some perfect store.
Cut to lettuce, throw to savannas.
See if you can find Sister Musation.
I will.
But anyway, the reason why I had to put Parappa 2 up on there is because the music is just a lot better.
It goes into different styles.
I really love the Parappa 2 soundtrack.
But I had to pick that particular level because there's one stage where Parappa has to trap himself in a video game Or else everybody in the universe has to eat noodles forever And that's as far as I'll say without spoiling the rest of the story of the game If you haven't played it, God knows why you haven't But it also really goes there a lot more stylistically As far as having stages where you change perspective within your 3D environment Like the ant guru
or, um, you know, where you, uh... That's from the first Parappa.
Oh, I thought you wanted this from the movie show.
No, the one from Parappa 2.
No, what stage number was it?
Four, I think.
Okay.
Well, this is one of my favorite songs from Parappa, so... Yeah, we'll play a little bit of it.
Do you hear how it's doing the multiple things?
If you sort of freestyle a little bit with it, it increases your score and if it's good enough, that shoots you into cool mode.
Pretty much.
You know, so... Now, going back to this, I mentioned it before, is that there is a PSP version and I happened to look into my copy for about $13 when a Hollywood video was going out of business and
But, uh, it's, uh, it's the same thing.
You've got lots of different versus modes in it.
Um, Jammer Lamy, we will, we'll definitely be, uh... Yeah, here's another one.
And who could forget the bathroom rap in the first game?
God, I know.
Especially as often as it's been quoted.
But this was, I think that Parappa 2 though, if you can just listen to the difference between how much more complex the music is, I really like it a lot better, personally.
Umjermalami was another game that's in the same vein and I was saying I'll probably cover it on another one because it honestly is, I think, different enough within the style of music that it can qualify as a different game.
But there was Parabamon in it.
Parappa Mode was pretty freaking cool because it turned all these rockin' songs into rap.
There are some differences.
A few lines that were changed as far as one release to the other.
There was an anime, a Parappa anime, that I thought was really, really cute.
It came out in Japan.
It actually has a really cool little intro song to it, too.
But for anyone, when I was speaking about the artist, Rodney Greenblatt, his website is whimsyload.com, W-H-I-M-S-Y, load, L-O-A-D, dot com.
That's all one word, dot com.
And while his artwork may seem fairly simplistic, he's got some really nice and complex stuff on there.
Some sculpture, different medium he uses, and I really admire his work.
Give it my recent education.
I know all the lyrics to this tune.
I remember driving around San Francisco one time after picking up somebody and he brought the CD and we listened to it.
In the Rain or in the Snow.
We've often referred to as the after effects of certain eating at gym boys as the funky flow.
Nice.
Yes.
Really not joking.
But that's their game.
It's Parappa and Parappa 2.
There you go.
Your classic game of the week.
Parappa the Rappa and its sequel Parappa the Rappa 2.
Two for the price of one.
I couldn't mention one without mentioning the other.
Right.
It's like a necessity.
Personally, I like the second Parappa better as a game and music-wise, but you cannot mention the second one without mentioning the one that started it all.
Right?
You know, you sure cannot.
Alright, there you have it, your classic game of the week.
And that means it's break time, folks.
And when we come back, we haven't even really touched a lot of the Microsoft news going on in the world.
Microsoft might be giving out some free memory cards soon.
So we're going to be talking about that when we come back from this break.
And some other stuff, including that story I referenced a little bit earlier about something in a game that pisses me off a little bit.
And this is something...
Come participate with Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange... Lounge...
Hail to the king, baby!
I think that we're pretty smart.
This is the Oscar clip for tonight's episode, episode number 299.
It's going to be a big show next week.
Hey, that fart over there must mean that Fart Princess is joining us here in studio.
It just surprised us by joining us during the break.
I had no idea you were coming tonight.
Hi, Fart Princess.
How are you?
Hi, I was just supplementing the Oscar material.
Oh, thank you.
Farting.
And by the way, she's no longer Rice Princess.
She's Fart Princess.
You're a liar.
Alright, so there you go.
And also joining us tonight, I haven't seen you in a long time.
Yeah, what's up?
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Now, what are we calling you these days?
No, it used to be Casper the Gay, but I now go by the Doctor.
Now the Doctor, okay.
I'm the Doctor.
She's on a screwdriver.
I've got a sonic screwdriver right here.
Oh, and our guests are extremely loud tonight.
I don't know what happened there.
I'm very sorry.
I left mine at home.
We'll figure that out.
I'll adjust the volume.
Let me see.
As we move in.
We actually have a listener, I think, called The Doctor, too, and now there's going to be some confusion.
I can see Rob's butt.
Let me see your Sonic screwdriver.
Hold on, I've got to adjust the volume.
You've got the little one?
Oh.
It's not really.
It's not Sonic, then.
No, but after the show, I'm going to play with Captain Jack's on a screwdriver.
Ooh.
Oh, my.
You know, that's actually what I was planning on doing for Halloween, is getting a blue suit and tie and wearing my Converse's and going as Chick Doctor.
Oh my god, that'd be so awesome and then we would match.
For our work thing.
Because I'm going to be Doctor Who as well.
I've actually got, well, I've got the black ones.
I was actually either going to do the blue suit or do like a different color suit and be Chick Doctor.
That'd be so awesome.
It's nice to have guests in the studio.
It's been a long time, especially considering episode 300 of this program, if you can believe it, is next week.
Oh my.
Yeah, episode 300 is next week.
Oh my.
And we're doing nothing special for it except soliciting congratulations and whatever's memories from our listeners on 877-GAME-OLR when we're not live.
You should do something special.
We might do some games next week, so you kids should come back.
So there you have it.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news.
If you guys want to comment on the news, you have a microphone, feel free to comment.
Just refrain from fart noises, Fart Princess.
Do we need more fart noises?
Alright.
I love that I come back from break and talk about what an intelligent show we're having tonight, and then Fart Princess shows up to fuck the whole thing up.
What are you talking about?
Rob.
What?
What?
What?
We have to go from extremes.
We have to keep the listeners guessing.
There's the show I was missing somehow.
And Rob?
What?
Yeah, great.
Let's take this.
Oh, how much lower can we go?
Yes.
Did you ever see that skit on the state where they had the highbrow side and the lowbrow side shifting over to like to the lowbrow?
I think I vaguely remember.
Yes.
Yeah.
The state was a cool show.
I had the guy who had to put his balls and stuff.
Can we get back to the news, please?
No, we're supposed to make the show crappy now.
Loki, some gaming news for the love of God.
So yes, there is this rumor going around that the next Xbox system will be forwards compatible.
Yeah, I know you've heard all about backwards compatibility.
Oh, but we got the brand new forwards compatibility.
We'll play the games of the future!
No, really what it means is it will... And I think this technology is already available now.
It will make your Xbox 360 games better.
Same, you know, either at a higher resolution or make them play smoother.
I don't know, like the PlayStation... Isn't that the exact same fucking thing the 360 was supposed to do to original Xbox games?
And it does to a certain extent.
It does, you know, smooth out the graphics a little bit.
And it also...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'll tell you the last system that had true forwards compatibility was the Dreamcast, and I'll tell you why.
Because with every new game, they would load a new version of Windows CE that would have an improved running environment for each game that came out subsequent.
So, in that respect, that's forward compatibility.
We haven't had a system do that since.
But it's also firmware updates, and they have those available now, and with each firmware update, it could make your system run smoother.
Isn't it just a bunch of marketing mumbo jumbo?
It is a bunch of marketing mumbo jumbo and rumor!
Marketing mumbo jumbo, might I add.
So who cares?
The system isn't going to be out for a while anyways, and we'll listen to all the marketing mumbo-jumbo when that actually happens.
Moral of the story?
Sega is awesome.
Alright.
I'm not sure how we got to that, but okay.
Dreamcast!
Let's read some comments from chat, because our first half of the show tonight was missing too much of the chat room.
Let's get some comments from chat, make up for it, part B here.
Redertainment says, Forward's compatibility sounds like new things can be promoted and such.
Backward's compatibility sounds old and dated.
So like with forwards compatibility, Yoda and Vader will already be unlocked.
Is that what it is?
Maybe?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Sure.
All right.
You don't even know what the hell I'm talking about, dude.
We're like acting right now.
All right.
By the way, if you're not watching Justin TV, all Rice Princess and the Doctor are doing are beating each other up on cam for your entertainment.
So check that out.
That's all we're doing.
That's all you're doing.
All right.
Hey, I want to talk about a little bit of news.
And actually, this might be something you guys might have an opinion on.
I don't know.
And this is not out there yet.
This news is not out there yet.
This actually was my buddy Shane.
He's been on the show here before plenty of times.
He actually works at a game store.
And he sent me a picture from a strategy guide coming out for Fable 2.
There are plenty of quality tailors scattered throughout the cities of Albion, and each of them are capable of crafting some fine handmade clothing.
Many items are unisex, but those that are designed specifically for one sex carry a cross-dressing rating should the other sex wear them.
Heroes wishing to experiment with gender play should consider wearing up clothes of the opposite gender, especially if looking to start a same-sex relationship.
Interesting.
So, in other words, what I can infer from this, from the strategy guide, is that in Fable 2, if you want to start a same-sex relationship, because you know the game will allow you to basically have whatever types of relationships you want, the way to do that is by cross-dressing.
You have to trick them.
That's wrong.
That's crazy.
Nobody applies logic.
It's like, you're gay and you like men, not women.
Like, why would you... Hello?
That's like the epitome of being gay.
Hello?
You know, and maybe I'm just being a little hypersensitive about this, and I'm just, you know, I'm letting the trigger figure go off too soon on this and being offended, but I'm just kind of like, come on, people.
Is this really...
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, it's dumb.
That's what people think, though, because it's like, oh, well, this one girl in a club was like, oh, do you wear panties?
And I'm like, I'm not a woman.
I don't wear panties.
No, that's what they make mantis for.
Yeah, maybe mantis.
Fruit of the Looms are mantis.
Like, I don't know.
Well, it's...
For all we know, and I don't know how much further into the strategy guide he looked at it, it could be possible that maybe it's just a small start game?
No, apparently later in the guide, each article of clothing actually has a cross-dress rating.
Okay.
So cross-dressing is a facet of the game.
And I don't know if it's the guide.
I don't know if it's the game.
I'm assuming the guide is just reporting on how the game was designed.
You know what I mean?
But that sentence to me stings.
The way they say that is that if you want to improve your chances in a same-sex relationship, you've got to cross-dress.
They make it sound like that's an integral part of it.
Redertainment in chat says, can I attract people of the opposite gender while cross-dressing?
Dude, I know in real life, there's a lot of women that do find that hot, actually.
Hell yeah.
A man who's comfortable with their sexuality.
All the teenage guys that go to cosplay dressed as Japanese schoolgirls.
I'm sure there's a lot of chicks there that get off on that.
I almost became a cosplay stalker because of this one guy dressed as Utena.
There you go.
And he looked freaking gorgeous.
I was like, I'm going to follow you now.
Oh my.
Acidic Vampire in chat says, at least you can have a same-sex relationship in The Sims without cross-dressing.
I think The Sims is a game that does it right.
The game is not about same-sex relationships.
The game does not force you to do same-sex relationships.
It's just there.
Just like in real life.
It's just there.
In Bully, you have to dress up a little bit.
You have to wear your aqua-berry vest to get a kiss from a guy, but that's not too bad.
Well, at that point, it was just like, we'll take what we can get.
At least there's some representation in this game.
Sauce brought up Manfe.
And she can put Manfe right away.
Nobody is attracted to Manfe.
You don't want to know.
No, don't, don't.
The doctor just asked, what is Manfei?
Don't do much, Cowboy Bebop.
No, he doesn't.
Don't even bring up the picture, please.
Rob, do it.
I have to.
We need a reaction shot.
This is... It's news.
This is radio.
This is news.
Can you describe what Manfei is while I pull up the picture and chat here, for those of you who don't know?
The character of Fei in Cowboy Bebop has been cosplayed... Yes, a woman has been cosplayed by many pretty women and one hairy man.
That is Manfei.
Rob, share the picture of the chatroom, please.
Sailor Bubba is a close second.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
Shudder.
There you have it.
Oh, oh.
No, I've been at conventions where Manfe has been present, so.
And see, look, look.
Manfe, we're all sitting here and laughing at.
And that's why I don't like this in the game.
Because we sit there and laugh at cross-dressers.
I don't know.
I mean, sometimes we sit.
And I don't think that should be associated with same-sex.
Okay, because they're obviously doing it for comedic relief.
This one person is cross.
It's cross-play.
I mean.
Cross-play.
I like that.
No, it's what it's called.
It's real.
Because, I mean, I know plenty of female cosplayers who do male characters.
To comedic effect, I must say.
And that's hot.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Shaoran in chat says, my friend saw Manfe at her first con.
I feel so bad for her.
All right, getting away from Manfe and all this funny stuff for right now, going kind of back to the point is that, and this is what I was talking about earlier, DarkSakura, when we were talking about the other story, and I was talking about, it's hard for me to sit here and go, oh, people should not find this offensive, when in the same breath, I'm looking at this story, and I'm going, you know what?
I'm kind of sort of offended at this story.
I think it's different, though.
It is, but I can't put my finger on it.
Why should I be offended
The difference being is that this is a specific component integral to the game.
This is something programmed specifically into the game as a facet of gameplay.
The other is background music that was made by someone of that faith.
Now, if that had been programmed in by the most flaming of all gay people ever, would you be as offended?
No.
Yes, because I think that person should know better.
Okay, but if that person personally thought it was funny and wondered why people would be offended... I mean, I'm not like offended.
Offended is not the word.
I'm disappointed.
I'm disappointed that it's 2008 and this is what I'm reporting on, is that cross-dressing in the game will help your chance of same-sex relationships.
It's just kind of like, can't we just move on?
You know, why can't it just be...
If this game wants to be so big about you have the character you want and you program the same way, why can't you just be?
Why can't you just be the hero with muscles and, I don't know, worked out, whatever, wearing manly clothes that attracts a lot of women and 10% of men?
You know what I mean?
Why can't we just have that?
You know what I think it should be?
Because keep in mind also, not everyone who cross-dresses is gay.
We know this.
Yes, very, very true.
Not everyone who is gay cross-dresses.
Also, importantly true.
Exactly.
And there are people, though, who cross-dress because they want to be that gender.
I think that if they were going to incorporate something like that in the game, and true, it would be some very complex programming, I do believe, it should be that you have the option of how you are going to make use of that option.
You know what I mean?
If you want to cross-dress because you want to be a woman, you should have that as an option.
I want boobs.
Solid Goomba in chat says, I want to be a man in a dress and have a relationship with a woman.
More power to you.
I do think the game should allow that if that's what you want.
You know what I mean?
I don't think cross-dressing should have a bearing on it.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I'm just kind of getting sick of it.
One of these days I would just like to have a normal person who happens to be gay in my video game.
Just like in TV and all that.
If sexuality is not a part of the game's device at all, then fine.
We have no defined sexuality in the game.
That's just fine by me.
But amongst these RPG love stories, I would like one day for there to be a same-gender one that is not stupid.
if that makes sense.
That actually goes back to what I was talking about about the sort of singular directional bigotry, you know what I mean?
I think that
Every relationship is going to have its moments of dysfunction.
Some may have a very odd origin.
I ordered my husband on the internet.
I think that if it's going to have a quirk to it, the quirk should be there because of the people involved, not because of their orientation, right?
Oh, go ahead.
Just one other thing, though.
I think, though, that having an active... I don't even think it should be an active choice.
I think you should just start up your character and be born gay or not.
Because really, isn't that...
For the most part, I think it's genetic.
But I digress.
I think that as far as it being a part, that does determine a lot of who your character is.
But it does not define who your character is.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Fair enough.
But how often does religion come into video games?
Of course, then again, saying all that with what we talked about earlier.
And then immediately follows that up and says, just because they always grab coins doesn't mean they're Jewish.
See, I like that you can have a little fun with it.
Mario's Catholic, you know that.
I like that you can have a little fun with it.
Alright, look, let's just move on.
Everybody's talking about they want to see representation of themselves.
GS68, I want more Filipino-Filipina characters, dammit.
I'm sure there's a lot of people saying I want to see a little more of this in games.
So maybe it's time for diversity the game.
I don't know.
It's a small world, the game.
Who knows?
I don't know.
Let's move on.
There's plenty more gaming news to talk about.
If you want to talk more about it, email us.
Call us later.
DarkSakura.
Take us to a game that has nothing to do with sexuality, religion, or race at all.
This one's about falling into holes.
That could be construed as sexuality.
Yeah, but how many holes do people really fall into?
I mean, sometimes... Oops, I tripped.
There's a vagina.
You might wake up with a hangover.
I think I fell into a hole while I was drunk.
Anyway, sorry.
Go ahead.
Okay, anyway.
Portal Still Alive is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade.
It will be up on Wednesday, October 22nd.
And it has the one that came out earlier plus 14 new exclusive challenge maps and 6 advanced maps and new achievements.
So in other words, if you bought the orange box just for this game, haha sucker, you're going to buy it twice.
But is Portal a game that you really mind buying twice?
I mean, it is pretty freaking good.
There are different levels, to be fair.
Yeah, to be fair.
I know.
There needs to be more GLaDOS.
On the PC.
First there will be cake, and then you will be baked.
But there's no story in the extra levels, right?
They're just kind of there.
It's just more crazy.
Will you be taunted by GLaDOS in these bonus levels, or are they just extra puzzles or something?
What's the point of not being taunted?
I don't know.
That's why I'm curious to see how...
How milked is this game?
That's what I want to see.
Are they really just milking it, or did they actually put a little thought into it?
That's what I'm really curious to see.
who knows well one thing that you can probably store that brand new game on would be a hard drive or a new memory unit and remember Microsoft was saying with the new Xbox experience that you would need some sort of storage device in order to download it because it does take 128 megs of space well their solution for people that I don't know how they went about existing with an Xbox with no storage whatsoever because that means you can't save games or anything
They are offering a free 512MB memory unit, or for $20 you can buy a 20GB hard drive.
Now, in order to qualify for this, you have to have a core system, or some arcade systems may qualify as well.
Basically, just go to their website, they have available for that, which is xbox.com, go to their support page, and there's a memory update thing where you enter your
And if you're eligible, they'll let you buy them.
If you're not eligible and you happen to have an arcade system, that's the other option.
For $29.99, you can get a 20GB hard drive and a 3-month live card.
Which is not a bad deal either.
Here's my question.
When I got my Xbox 360, I have a core.
Because I got my system during that time when Xbox 360s were really hard to find.
So I just ponied up the 20 extra dollars or whatever it was to buy the hard drive and the core system separately.
So is Microsoft going to know that I've had a hard drive this whole time?
No, it's all by the console ID number.
Sweet!
I get a free memory card!
Right?
Yes.
Awesome!
Just put it in your...
I'm good on your device.
Why not?
It's free.
Microsoft doesn't know that I have a hard drive.
And even though I do, why should I be treated differently from the other owners that bought the core early on, early adopters?
Yeah.
Yeah, for 20 bucks you can get a 20 gig hard drive.
That could just be the drive I install Final Fantasy XI on and never use.
or it could be, or better yet, it could be because I only have a 20 gig hard drive as it is now, I could have two drives and one of them can be like the movie's drive and the other one can be the game's drive.
Why not?
So I think, to be honest, I think that's an awesome solution for their problem.
And really, I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No, it's not.
No, hold on.
and HendersonManInChat says, Sky, I have a core, but it would not let me have a free memory card, so somehow they know.
That's from HendersonManInChat.
I don't think it's going to, eh.
Now I'm really curious.
I'm going to try it.
I'll let you guys know what happens next week.
Well, I've got about five different ones we can try.
We'll see what happens.
I mean, I don't know.
Actually, I want to get a bigger hard drive, but if I can get a 20 gig hard drive, another one for cheap, I'll do that switch out idea.
I think it's a great idea.
So we'll see.
Anyhow, thank you Microsoft for giving us some free stuff, right?
Oh yes!
They're trying to increase the amount of compatibility that occurs between the two, with the media sharing and the things that go on between the 360 and the Zune.
Well, actually, recently, some folks over at Gizmodo were talking about the new Gears of War Zune that's coming out.
And they were actually talking to Microsoft's marketing director.
And the marketing director was talking about that there is going to be a big step-up happening in the Zune 360 integration within a year.
So, that's all.
It's a very vague statement, but that supposedly it's going to step it up within a year.
Any thoughts as to what that could possibly be?
Well, they already have the X and A support that's supposed to be coming to it.
Maybe they're going to flesh that out a little bit more.
And maybe it would be kind of cool if they actually put some games on there.
Like, you know, they could even be like the Pocket Station stuff where you play a little mini game and you earn points for a game or something.
I have a thought, and I bet money I'm right.
Movies.
Movies.
You're going to be able to play movies on the Zune that you bought on Xbox.
I could see that happening.
It's going to be how they're going to compete with iPod.
Rob, remember when they were talking about the Zune E3?
Right.
And didn't they bring up something to that effect that it would be like a multi-entertainment?
I remember going in there with my camera and then telling you to turn it off at the Xbox 360 thing, and they were talking about having portable content.
So perhaps this is what they intended.
Yeah.
Cobra Kid says more XNA games to it in chat.
That's true.
They have that whole XNA thing coming out soon.
That could be a big part of it too.
So maybe it's all of it.
It could be just as much as the iPhone interfaces with your Mac or even your personal computer.
Maybe the Zoom will interface with the Xbox 360.
Who knows?
Will there be enough people that use it?
Or just a quick question in chat.
Let's say the Zune could do all of those things you suggested.
Let's say the Zune can do the XNA games.
Let's say the Zune can do the movies and all that stuff.
Would you be interested in a Zune?
Chat room.
As opposed to an iPhone or any of the other stuff that's out there.
Let's say you can only have one player.
Would you pick Zune?
Comment from Tigerclaw.
Tigerclaw says, doesn't Zune have built-in Wi-Fi?
They could make apps for it.
Like, for example, someone would eventually make an internet radio app to tune into the shoutcast streams over the Wi-Fi.
We'll see.
We'll come back to that story just after we get this next story out of the way.
this actually makes me a little bit happy even though I already own the game on multiple platforms Marvel vs. Capcom 2 which honestly I thought the first one was a little bit better but it actually has an ESRB rating now for PS3 and Xbox 360 so that leads speculation that it's going to be a downloadable version maybe like a Xbox Live Arcade or something like that
and that's pretty cool.
I mean, it's a good game.
So I'm looking forward to that.
It's a fucking awesome game, you mean, by good.
Well, I thought the first one was better.
Fair enough.
It's all about playing a strider here, you anyway.
Okay, looking at chatroom comments from the last story because we asked you guys, would you get one?
And would you get a Zune if they implemented all these features?
VXJSNXV says, Zunes blow?
Ranma says, yes.
GameGuru says, maybe, but I'm more interested in PSP right now.
Shaoran says, sure, why not?
VXJSNXV continues, I have my iPhone and I'm happy with it.
Redertainment says, does it do much better than my current touch?
If not, no.
I need a gross incentive to jump over.
That's how I feel.
There's got to be something really big to get me to have a Zune as well as an iPhone.
Cobra Kid says I would have to get a bigger Zune.
Deakman says I'm telling you they'll merge the music card and the gamer tag.
I didn't even think of that.
That could be.
So we'll see.
Alright.
So Marvel vs. Capcom 2 hopefully coming soon as it says.
Meanwhile, some other news.
Right, Loki?
Yes.
Sorry, someone was stepping on my mic.
Are our guests being unruly?
They are being very unruly.
Do they need to be punished?
We're playing Naughty Tic-Tac-Toe.
Anyways, um,
If you live in Europe, you're going to be in for a lot of holiday bundles for the Xbox 360.
They are getting quite a few, in fact, starting last week, actually.
The value packs that are available pretty much all around the world will be available for them as well.
That includes, of course, the games packed in LEGO Indiana Jones Kung Fu Panda for both
The Elite and Pro, and the Sega Superstar Tennis, and of course the Xbox Live Arcade Games.
Starting, looks like, November 7th, they're going to be getting two more bundles, both with the 60GB Pro system and either Gears of War 2 bundled in, or James Bond 007 Quantum of Solace bundled in.
And those are going to both be available for 269 euros.
Starting the 21st of November, there's going to be another one with Tomb Raider Underworld.
And that's also a pro system, the 60GB, with a 1200 Microsoft Points card.
And that's also available for 269 euros.
And then finally, the last-ditch effort before Christmas, there's another 60GB pro system bundled with Prince of Persia.
And that will also be for 269 euros.
So...
A little bit more expensive than your normal games, your normal pro system.
I mean, basically, you're kind of paying for the game itself anyways.
But hey, that's kind of neat, I guess, if you're shopping for the holidays.
Lots and lots to pick from.
Why do you think so many bundles over there are supposed to here?
I think it may have been just, you know, and I'm not even sure if it's actually... It could very well be like different...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
on certification from Microsoft.
I'm sorry, they are currently verifying the updates and then they're going to be sending it off to Microsoft for certification, which has probably already happened.
Kind of took them long enough in a way.
I mean, with as long as this game took to come out, I mean, couldn't they just kind of like fix this before it came out?
I mean, I don't know.
I guess, you know, they didn't know.
They tested the game.
They didn't find it.
Mistakes happen.
Blah, blah, blah.
But it's a little bit frustrating.
This game's been out how long and you still can't really have a multiplayer game on it.
But I guess to their credit, you know, a lot of people bought this game anyway.
And hearing about this patch is just going to cause another wave of people running out to get this game.
Whereas a lot of Xbox Live Arcade titles kind of have one shot the week they come out and then they kind of slip into obscurity.
So maybe it was pre-planned.
Who knows?
I doubt it, though.
All right.
Well, something pre-planned on Orange Lounge Radio is that every week we are going to take some time to read your emails that you send us to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Why are you boycotting the mailbag?
Cookie.
I will get you a damn cookie if you read the emails.
Hey, Fart Princess, Doctor, do you guys want... I have flat fortune cookies.
They taste like pancakes.
They taste like pancakes.
Yeah, I want one.
All right.
Oh, my.
All right, I'll get some.
While DarkSakura reads us some email.
There is an email that I should have sent in response to you directly, Rob.
And I don't know if I should read it on air.
Well, if you read this first, then I'm going to have to wait on the cookies.
Okay, you can just read it at your leisure.
Well, give me a brief idea what it's about.
It's from Spazinator.
Hi.
Telling you what games you should get for PS3.
Oh, didn't I say... I think I said a while back about something like I need more games that I should... Yeah.
What games?
LocoRoco, Cocorecho, Lemmings, Elefunk, EchoChrome, WipeoutHD, Everyday Shooter, SuperPuzzleFight Are you farting glasses?
What are you doing?
Knock it off.
I'm trying to do a show.
So yeah, those games.
Wait, so they just list every game that happens to be exclusive?
A list of 36 games, Rob.
So just basically all the PlayStation 3 exclusives?
Um, some.
Some or not.
To be fair, I'm going to get a PlayStation 3.
It's just LittleBigPlanet's out sooner rather than later.
It'll probably happen this week.
There's more tips on what else you should get along with and what you should look for.
I'm having surgery soon, so, you know, probably having a Blu-ray player will be a good thing while I recover.
So, let's go on to the next email while I go get the cookies.
The next email is actually from...
Heart Heart Heart
and then, we only really have one other email.
Um, and it's actually from, um, Dan Shadow.
So, hey guys, my nephew's birthday was last week so I missed the show.
Took him to the movie of his choice and he chose, wait for it, quarantine.
Yeah, it sucked so bad.
I mean, it was so bad that people would start talking during the movie and no one cared.
Fucking rabies.
Anyways, been trying to catch up on my OLR since I had to leave in the middle of another episode.
Just got one episode on Friday and I'm sure... I guess you meant to have the word... Rob?
I'm on the last email.
Rob's gay.
I'm sure I'll get the other one soon.
Been playing Dead Space this week.
I recommend it to anyone who has a good sound setup.
Thank you.
Ooh, quickie.
It's not as scary visually as much as it is audibly.
The visuals are great, they're just not as scary as the EA's been telling all of us.
Man, can you believe the news this week?
LittleBigPlanet gets delayed, Ghostbusters gets picked back up, and Obama's appearing in video games.
Didn't a caller bring that up a few weeks ago?
Oh, and before I forget, Ballhair says hi.
He's got a last name now and he's doing well.
He's got a guild and we're at guild level 14 at this moment and we're talking keeps.
And we're taking keeps.
Is it Ballhair Jenkins?
Oh wait, no.
Ballhair was a Warhammer character, right?
Yeah, I'm looking.
Okay.
Ballhair Trimmer.
The Dawnbringer.
Nice.
Alright.
Ballhair Trimmer.
That's lovely.
That's great.
And Ballhair got a guild.
Congratulations.
That's it for email?
Oh.
We have one from Redertainment.
Less email, more cookie?
Oh, yes.
One more email.
I'm eating cookie.
Alright.
And this is actually in response.
But we were CC'd on this, so I'm gonna read it.
Alright.
I brought... This is from Redertainment.
I bought LittleBigPlanet on Friday and found out about the recall right before I sent this message.
What the expletive deleted for Bobby, fuck for OLR, should I do?
Should I contact Sony, wait for a patch, or keep the game as a collector's item and buy another copy?
Thank you for your time.
Yeah, well, he probably already did because he didn't know about the change.
Just hang on to it.
Sony's going to patch it out anyway, so you're not going to really have a choice because they're doing both, but the serial number on that box will make... Unless you want to disconnect yourself from the internet.
It's going to be like those pennies that have, like, the misprint on the back.
You know, those type of things.
That's what it's going to be.
If you want to play your copy that's been unedited, then disconnect from the internet.
Yeah, Red Entertainment's in chat right now and says he already opened it because how would he know that it was going to be recalled?
So...
Can't say I blame you there.
All right, let's get back.
If that's it for Mailbag.
That's it.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
While we chow down on cookies, Loki the cookie hater will bring us back to some gaming news.
There's one more thing.
Ow, I hit myself in the face with the microphone.
Was that the thing?
You know what, Rob?
What?
You know, one thing that I every so often will get an email on and didn't this time, and I meant to plug it during my Classic Game of the Week, was a review done by Sauce.
Oh yes, I was reading about this on Twitter.
And I am getting the link now.
If you go to twitter.com slash Mar and Marvel, there is a link to it.
And her review of the week is ActRaiser, her classic game review.
I know, isn't it great?
We just had an exclamation of, I love ActRaiser.
So go look at it.
I'm linking it in the chat room.
And I'll link it on our Twitter.
Irene's god name in ActRaiser is...
Actraiser.
I love Actraiser.
How funny.
That's what I named Link in Legend of Zelda was poop.
Wow.
Copycat.
I named him GGG because I was lazy.
Nice.
I named him Zelda so I could get the extra.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
Back to news.
Cookie Hater.
Okay, well, there is some controversy around another game, Saints Row 2.
Apparently, New York police unions condemn Saints Row 2 because, well, you kill policemen in the game.
And according to them, New York's powerful police unions say that a violent new video game called Saints Row 2 is an abomination.
In the game, the players control a gang member who can steal, do drugs, kill as many characters as possible, including...
Thanks for watching!
College Students.
Do we hear any unions for college students coming out, you know, saying this game sucks?
I'm a college student and I'm offended.
Or taxi drivers or rednecks.
Do unions for students exist?
It's not like a paying job.
I guess that makes sense, huh?
I don't know.
The whole thing is just like, okay, this doesn't take place in New York, so...
Before this game, no one's ever thought, hey, let's make a game where we can kill cops in it.
This is the first game to ever do that.
Thank you for pointing this out.
This also, I might add, comes from WPEC News 12 Now.
They're a CBS affiliate in, I would assume, the New York area.
Redertainment in chat says, I'm mad because they can kill redheaded dorks.
Me too.
I should be angered about that too, actually.
So is the doctor.
He's waving his hand over there.
I'm pissed too.
Yeah, I don't even know where the hell this takes place.
It's somewhere on the East Coast that this actual newscast is from.
To which the legend of Zaku promptly follows up and says, Yay!
I didn't know you could kill gingers in the game.
Like, it's incentive to buy it now.
Oh, gingers.
Alright, Ranma... Oh, North Carolina!
Not even close, senor!
Ranma in chat says News Channel 12 is a local cable news network.
All right, well, look, you know, this kind of just dumb assedness always brings on our FUs of the week.
And especially since Saints Row is a game that Loki loves and adores.
How dare the police department condemn it?
They can condemn it all they want.
DarkSakura, FU's The Week, The Election Season, all of it, and, um, uh, Sarah Palin for thinking she's funny.
Loki.
Um, god, I had something early that I was mad at about, but I don't remember, so, FU to News 12, because they have, looks like a
Cast of douchebags that run this thing.
They're all kind of ugly in weird ways.
My FU of the week goes to still not having a solid date for my surgery.
I think I know when it's going to be, but because some people haven't gotten to my paperwork, I only kind of know that it's probably going to be not this coming week, but the next week.
So there you go.
Fart Princess, do you have any FUs of the week?
The Doctor?
Somebody?
Somebody?
I'm the doctor and I'm mad at poop.
I'm the doctor.
Well, thank you, doctor.
The parrot has one.
How about...
How about the real doctor?
Oh, the real doctor.
What is the real doctor?
My FU's is all the crazy yes on 8 signs in Amador County.
Oh, you missed last week.
No, you don't even know.
It's like a gauntlet.
You go through town and there's about 70,000 of them.
I already went off on Prop 8 last week.
You missed it.
So fuck you to everyone in Amador County who's going to vote yes on 8.
Protect my rights, bitch.
Fuck you to everyone in the state that's going to vote yes on 8.
If it makes you feel any better, I already voted and I voted no.
Yay.
Absentee.
Fart Princess, do you have any real FUs?
FU to poop.
All right.
Oh, Ferret.
Yes, Ferret would like me to FU.
Thank you very much.
I agree with you, Ferret.
The Ferret is saying to vote no on 8 as well.
Exactly.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news.
Settlers of Catan, you guys know this game from Xbox Live, or you probably know the original board game, hello.
I never played it.
Well, it broke down some walls when it came to Xbox Live Arcade, because it was the first, besides Uno, it was the first really in-depth
Settlers of Catan
And of course, if you don't know what Catan is, it's a game about bartering and trading.
It's kind of like Civilization in board game format, except it made no sense to me when I tried to learn how to play it.
But I have a limited attention span for these type of things.
What?
I was more of a Carcassonne fan.
What?
Exactly.
Who?
Yep.
You got it.
What about carcasses?
No.
Just no.
Okay.
How about games we do understand?
Games where we just shoot and kill things.
Well, kind of, sort of.
We actually have ratings for the ESRB for stuff to come out on Virtual Console, and that would be Metal Slug 2.
You can ride a camel in it, and the camel has a gatling gun.
Watch out, they spit.
This one spits bullets out of his hip.
Awesome.
Best camel ever.
The other game is A Boy and His Blob.
Trouble on Blobolonia.
What happened to the DS version that was supposed to come out?
Did it ever come out?
I don't think it ever did, actually.
Maybe the publisher went under, I don't know.
Get those jelly beans ready.
Jelly beans.
That's it.
Nobody gets that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Wow, that's sadness.
Never happened.
It didn't really pique my interest anyway when we went to E3 and we saw it.
Rob, Rob.
What?
That makes my heart hurt.
I know, it makes my heart hurt too.
But we have a new one coming out.
Can we?
So that's exciting.
Well, the virtual console one.
I mean, virtual console.
Yeah, that's okay.
It's not the same.
It's the same damn game I've already played.
I could just play the Nintendo.
Before we get back into some news, I want to take a little detour because you guys got to the show late.
You didn't get to talk about your gaming week, but you were telling me, Fart Princess, that there was a game you wanted to talk about.
Yes, there is.
I've been playing Hello Kitty online.
For real?
This isn't a joke?
No, why would it be a joke?
There really is a Hello Kitty online?
Rob, I'd appreciate it if you stopped farting.
That's really rude.
No, you play as a boy or a girl character.
I don't remember.
I think you do.
Okay.
I'm pretty sure you have a butt too.
You can like... You're interrupting me, Rob.
Okay.
What?
What's so funny?
Nothing.
Go ahead.
Rob!
Jeez, Rob.
Close your ass.
Knock it off.
Gaming news.
I'm not going to let you talk about Hello Kitty if you don't get to it.
Hello, farty.
You level in the traditional sense of an MMO, but there's no... You can't kill anything in the game unless you fart on it.
The way you level in the game is... Yes, that's totally it.
You forage for stuff, like you gather plants and stuff, and then when you eat it, you go...
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Stop it, Rob.
New from Squeenix, Fatal Fletchlets.
Yeah, and that's basically the gist of the game.
Look what you did, Rob.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Now I'm thinking there actually should be a game called Hello Farty.
Alright, stop it.
People in the chatroom are complaining about their speakers.
They should be complaining about the smell.
Can we get on to some gaming?
I thought I would actually learn something about Hello Kitty.
I told you about it.
All about it.
You just farted a lot.
You didn't even listen.
SSJ100Matt says Rob's going to write a hate letter to the show.
That is true.
Loki.
I'm going to make sure that before the podcast goes out, we strip out all the fart noises.
But then it wouldn't make sense.
There would just be a bunch of giggling.
And we're going to patch it for day one release, so that anybody who does obtain the podcast early does not get to hear the fart noises.
Every fart noise is going to be replaced with birds chirping.
Oh, that'd be great.
Then we'd be giggling at birds chirping.
We'd need to be farting.
Happy little birds.
It'd be Hello Birdie.
How about Rock Band?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Guitar Hero 3
No, but they had a demo at the store.
Oh, okay, so you haven't really played rock band.
You've been in a Best Buy band.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about Wii Music, the other type of band game.
Wii Music is doing very well in Japan.
I know it's been getting a little bit of negative press around the fan.
Well, actually, here's what I'm curious about.
Doctor, you're a big, giant Nintendo whore.
Like, you love everything Nintendo.
Now, we're kind of not feeling Wii music.
Nope.
By Wii, he means himself and Loki.
I would like to point out, though, DarkSakura has said she wouldn't pay for it.
No.
I might have paid for it if I didn't know I was getting one for free.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Um...
The Doctor, are you interested in Wii music at all?
Why not?
Well, you know, and I am the biggest.
I'm Nintendo.
And I'm just like, I'm kind of bored with these completely novelty games.
Like, you know, there's so many cool things that they could do on the Wii, and they're just not.
And I'm just like, okay, here's another game where you get to wave the Wii mode around.
And I'm just like, eh.
Alright, well guess what?
The country of Japan disagrees with us and agrees with DarkSakura.
According to Famitsu, I'm sorry, according to Famitsu's publisher, InnerBrain, 50,000 units were sold on day one in Japan.
So the game is doing huge in Japan and sold a lot.
So...
Like it or not, it looks like this game will probably have similar success over here.
But again, to recap what we've kind of said before on this program, at least myself, if it gets young kids interested in music, it's not a bad thing.
But for this old kid, no thank you, I'll pass.
More gaming news.
Do I gotta?
Just one more, then we're gonna open up the Skype line pretty soon at 877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Noms Radio.
Nice plug.
Thank you.
Well, this goes back to a series that was one of the first ones I ever played when the PlayStation first came out.
In fact, it was one of the first games that anyone played on the PlayStation when it first came out.
It was Toshinden.
I love Toshinden, actually.
The third one was great because it was awful and had the butt monkey in it and the guy with the chainsaw named David.
Everyone loves the butt monkey.
He did the butt monkey dance!
Okay.
Did he spank his butt?
No, he was like a baboon and he had like a big red butt.
And whenever he went, he would do this little clappy dance.
With his butt?
With his butt.
So anyway, there's actually news in Famitsu that says Takara Tomy is going to be bringing out the Toshinden series on the Wii.
So maybe they'll actually make it better?
Who knows?
Do you get to spank the monkey's butt?
But it looks kind of cool.
I love Toshinden.
You know, I guess retro games making a comeback is nothing new in this current-gen world.
I need to go, that just means I need to go find that issue of Fummy 2.
Wario Land is pretty good for that.
Wario, have you bought the new Wario Land?
Yeah, well, yeah.
That game is actually really fun.
It's very good, and it has really, I mean, it's this great 2D animation, like, it's good.
Anyhow, sorry, let's talk about PC games a little bit quickly before we get to some calls.
No!
Boycott!
Well, there's no boycott yet.
But Far Cry 2 is going to be bundled with everybody's favorite sport, digital rights management.
That's right.
You can get Securom technology along with...
It will have these restrictions.
The purchasers will have up to five activations on three separate PCs.
Uninstalling Far Cry 2 refunds an activation, and this process is known as a revoke.
As long as you properly uninstall the game, you'll be able to reinstall it an unlimited number of times on three machines.
A computer can be upgraded an unlimited number of times using revoke.
Ubisoft is willing to provide additional activations if necessary.
Ubisoft is committed to a long-term support of their games and you'll always be able to play Far Cry 2.
So apparently this is what they're going to start doing from now on.
I don't understand why they're still using secure ROM technology since it can be so easily broken.
And people just hate it in general.
But do people as a whole, do they really seem to care?
Well, not according to EA, who says that the small percentage, they're claiming that 99.8% of consumers will never notice the digital rights management that's in the game, which I think is kind of sad that they don't notice that it's in there because it could potentially harm their system, especially when it comes to CD burning software and stuff like that, whatever, that it interrupts.
And the fact that these people are unaware that this game is actually causing this problem, that they will go take it in at the cost of money.
But either way, it says we can eliminate piracy by essentially blocking the online service from the pirate.
It's called the future of digital rights management.
Well, that's nice, you know, but some people don't really care about the online portion of your game, and they will still pirate it.
In fact, I think there was quite a few copies of Spore that were pirated.
and to be honest all they're losing is the online portion of it and if you really don't give a crap about seeing other people's penis monsters then you can still play the game Legend of Zaku in chat says gotta love EA pulling voodoo stats out of their asses is that what this is?
I think so I mean I don't know we don't know for sure how many people actually know about it so we have to take their word for it it's not necessarily they're pulling it out of their ass it's just the way they report the numbers that's just politics
Anyhow.
It's like they think that people that are complaining about it are going to go, Oh, well, okay, so not that many people are complaining about it.
I guess I'll just stop complaining.
You're right.
No, that's not going to happen.
All right.
Anyhow, one more story, then we're going to get to some calls on the Skype line.
And this one has to do with Ghostbusters.
You know that game that we hear things about it, then it goes away, then it comes back?
Well, people are talking about Ghostbusters again, and it's all thanks to Dan Aykroyd, which, of course, is one of the actors in the original movie.
And he was on a Dallas radio station this week, 105.3.
And he actually talked to the radio station and actually confirmed...
Thanks for watching!
Sats crazier than a vaporous full torso apparition.
Thanks.
That makes me giddy, but we're talking about piss in the chat room.
Um, okay.
Exactly.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com for an experience that really can't be described.
Oh my.
It's talking about scientific fact that urine is a sterile solution.
Do you ever talk games in the chatroom out of curiosity?
Okay, just curious.
Do you pee on your video games?
Okay, someone brought up peeing in the shower.
Oh, God.
I was making fun and doing the girly thing.
Who wants to stand in their own piss?
Blah, blah, blah.
1-877-GAME-OLR now is a great time.
Just want to point that out.
Now is an excellent time.
I hope Sigourney Weaver's in the game.
Yes, acidic vampire is a very good point.
Will Soren Weaver be in the game?
And of course, Dark Tetsuya brings up OLR, it's like pissing in an ocean of piss.
Will the game be nearly as cool as the Commodore 64 version of Ghostbusters?
As long as it has piss.
That's what I want to know.
Dude, you are red.
Porn is better than the original version.
I love that the first half of the show was really smart and intelligent, and the second half has been nothing but piss and fart.
Pfft.
God, this show is just so strange.
Maybe our caller... Look, let's go to the phones.
We have a caller.
Let's see what IQ level they're at tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lodge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Ranma, who is just as immature as everybody else in the studio.
Oh, hooray.
Ranma, what's on your mind?
Not much, but, Ranma, I have a bone to pick with you.
Oh, God, what did I do now?
I'm offended by how you pronounce people's names.
Yeah, you know, I find it pretty offensive, too, that I can't learn to fucking read, especially with all the languages in the world that people derive their names from.
I'm very offended that I just don't, like, fucking know because, you know, sometimes you read things one way in one language and they read another way in another, and I'm offended by my lack of edumacation.
You know we love you, Rob, right?
Yeah, I know.
Are you just trying to be a smartass about something?
Yes.
And what?
Talk about the whole little big planet.
It's ridiculous.
That's all it is.
Why do you say ridiculous?
Everybody gets offended over something, and the problem is not enough people in this world is open-minded to realize it's nothing to be that serious.
That's all it is.
I'm just saying, in a way, how Muslims are kind of being subjugated about what's going on in the news and the media.
So, of course, something like this they're going to pick up on, and they're going to lose their minds about it.
Is that really Sony's fault, though?
Because, you know, kind of like I was saying before, is that if Sony doesn't do anything about this, and then the mainstream media picks up on this, I mean, it's going to do a lot of damage.
Whereas Sony's trying to put out a fire here before it gets too big.
Yeah, but why should they?
I mean, it's a normal song.
Big deal.
Sadly, it's the world we live in.
And I'm not saying it's alright.
It's just, you know, it's what it is.
Yeah.
What else is on your mind?
Have you been to any cons lately you want to talk about?
Yes, I just got back from a convention about six, seven hours ago.
You are the con king.
What con did you go to this time?
I'm a con whore.
I went to Zenkai Con.
Where is Zenkai Con?
Valley Forge Convention Center, Valley Forge, Pennsylvania.
It's where Classic Game Expo was a few years ago.
Ah, okay.
So how was it?
Was there a lot of gaming stuff to be seen there?
Was it mostly anime or what?
It was a mix of A and B, but wasn't that many video gaming cosplay.
But I will say the game room was nice.
It was great.
Did you get to play anything in the game room you hadn't played before?
I've pretty much played the new Bleach game for the Wii.
That one I have not played yet.
What did you think?
I thought it was pretty good.
I like the fact that to attack, you actually shake the Wii mode to attack in the game, which is something I've never seen in a Wii game before, really.
Yeah, never heard of that one.
Which one?
Oh yeah, that was a good one.
Well, if you got the important one, it was good.
Hmm.
What system was this?
I never played the Ranma.
I played a Ranma game on Super Nintendo.
There was also one on PC Engine.
There's an RPG on PC Engine, which I've played a little bit of.
It's kind of hard.
And then on PlayStation, there was Ranma 1 Half Battle Renaissance, which I've got, and it's kind of fun.
Rice Princess is like Ranma, because if you pour water on her, she goes... Shut up.
Did you play Battle Renaissance?
Yeah, I played it.
I thought the engine was a little bit loose, but it was still fun.
Especially when you get to fight in the curse forms.
I love actually kicking people's butt as peach on.
There you go.
Yeah.
Alright, well, any other comments before we get to some more calls?
Um, one thing you'll probably get a real kick out of, I have pictures up there uploaded soon and sent to you guys.
We had a Samba de Amigo dance party at the convention Friday night.
Oh, dear good lord.
How exactly does one go to a Samba de Amigo dance party?
You should put that on YouTube.
It probably is.
If it's not up now, it should be up by later this week, and I will find images and links to it, and I'll send it to you guys.
Alright, Ranma, we've got to let you go, but have a good one, buddy.
You too, enjoy.
Uh-huh.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio land.
It is he who seeks to replace the train wreck of the General Messes with the train wreck of his own choosing.
Hello, and you are?
Introduce yourself.
Bob, Adrian at Hydra.
I know who you are, but you have to introduce yourself to the listeners.
I'm Jason.
Hi, Jason.
Alright, what's on your mind?
So, since we ever so briefly touched on it, I thought I'd add in a couple little comments since we didn't really go onto it.
Two side notes before I do that.
Jump Superstars, while it wasn't really in
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, I have the first game, and I don't have the second game, I have the first game, and although Quest Mode was awful, awful, awful, I like the song List and Steps of what there was.
When I bought my Xbox, I have quite a few other games as well, but my initial reasoning for wanting to buy it was pretty much purely the Ultimate series.
Right.
They were great.
and then E3 came around with the universe redone banners from boring hell and I've just never cared to play the universe series at all.
Yeah, but past the banners, it's kind of nice to have the game in high def and widescreen.
It's a neat little change for the game.
It probably is.
I don't doubt that.
I mean, Ultramix was never the most visually appealing game in the first place.
I don't think anybody's going to deny that.
It played really well past the first one, but it never looked... Universe 2 was kind of just like Universe 1 from what I understood, but Universe 3 is supposed to be a lot different.
So I'm curious.
I'll check it out, probably.
Funny, all this from the Bomani
The main note.
Funny story.
Have you guys heard of the there's a sim file that DM Ashura made quite a while ago called Delta Max.
Ever heard of it?
Yes.
Vaguely.
I don't know who DM Assure is, but I vaguely know.
You know the gimmick, so to say, about it.
I don't remember the gimmick.
Isn't it that you hit all four notes at once or something?
No, and that's an old gimmick, but that's okay.
I don't... There's a lot of gimmicks.
The gimmick is that it's a DM Assure remix of the Max series.
It starts at, I think, 130 beats per minute, and it ends at 573.
Is that the one?
Oh, okay.
Or is it the one that rolls backwards?
Because I remember that being a gimmick too.
Alright.
Go ahead.
Okay, so it starts... It's all progression.
130 to 573.
It's kind of like a BPM per measure, but it speeds up.
The speed is not statically increasing.
It is very variable.
It goes with the tune.
It's actually really cool.
Okay.
There's a Stepmania cabinet that a friend of ours built into the DDR machine down in Colorado Springs that there's a tournament going on at next month.
Not that anybody, hey, if you're in the Colorado area, come down to Mr. Bakes next weekend, rather, not next month.
There's going to be a lot of cool people there.
Ding!
That's my plug for the day.
So he has a Stepmania cab with all of the official DDR songs, a ton of sim files, Delta Max being one of them, and a couple of other little bonus extras like in the groove.
I was very, very disappointed to hear that DeltaMax in Universe 3 isn't going to have the sim-created background video.
Because if it did, I could have claimed my own little piece of assistance property in a DDR official game.
Why?
Did you do something with this?
There's a person nicknamed Tora.
that I believe he actually did all of the background work basically I don't even remember what the image background is but he created a series of text of all of the beats per minute all the BPM numbers and they have this shaky fluid effect and he put the videos for that together amazingly but what I did was I wrote out a quick little script to actually put in the changes that he wanted to and again it goes up it was a pain in the ass too
Just the changes in the videos, the fact that it's not just linear straight up, calculating which measurement and time that it happens on.
I barely even remember.
That was like three years ago.
But it was a very awesome video.
It was very simple.
But Konami came in and changed it all.
Yeah, I don't know what it's going to be, but they changed it.
They want to do their own thing, probably.
There'll be flowers and sparkles.
No, it's universe.
It'll be spaceships and Uranus.
There'll be...
On that note, it'll be a lot of delta triangles flying over the screen because, you know, delta and triangles.
Like, oh my god, trigonometry, no!
Well, sorry to hear you just missed your chance for remote video game stardom, but hey, you have OLR stardom.
Any other things you want to say real quick before we move on?
No, I think that was my excuse for calling in tonight.
Alright, well, Jason, take care.
Thanks for your comments.
See ya.
We'll take one more call.
1-877-GAME-OLR Username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
And then we have some last minute stories to do before we get on out of here.
Hey, live listeners, you'll want to stay tuned tonight past the show.
We have a little treat for you guys.
We'll get into that in a little while.
Those of you guys listening on the podcast, though, be sure to join us next week for episode 300.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's just me.
I hope my call is not screwed up.
Well, hello, GS68.
What's on your mind?
Um...
Now that the Mario 3 fan translation is out, I hope that Nintendo takes notice and starts working on an official one.
That's a good question, eh?
I myself would buy the official thing if it were to come out.
In fact, the translators encourage buying the official merchandise and stuff.
But as far as the Nintendo side of things, I just hope that if they decide to do something like sue the translators or something like that, that it means that they're working on an official translation and they're not just going to leave it.
You know, I think a lot of people are like you, and, you know, if they're real, true fans of the series, they would buy an official translation anyway, but do you think there's some people that would feel so slighted that once they played through the translation, they're just gonna be like, yeah, screw the real one.
Yeah, that's a good... That's a good point, like, kind of like when I... Like, I used to download a lot of, like, the money songs, they're, like, buying them, so I was like, nah, screw buying the real thing, I'll just...
Keep it.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Especially with the import stuff.
Well, I guess we will see.
I'm very curious to see if it does catch the attention of people in Nintendo.
I'm waiting for the cease and desist myself, but we'll see.
Any other thoughts for our listeners tonight, GS68?
Yeah.
Sky, you went to Milpitas Golf Land.
Damn, we need to come down to Sunnyvale Golf Land again.
You know, I know.
I knew I was in the area.
It worked out so that we were at Milpitas, and I didn't make it over there.
But I'll get to Sunnyvale at some point, I'm sure.
Yeah, maybe...
NorCal Division of the All-Army can meet up there.
We'll see, we'll see.
You know, with the surgery coming up and everything, it won't be anytime soon, but who knows, maybe by the end of the year.
Yeah, I was saying, maybe we should be going to Svega lately for Poppin' 16.
Ooh, hey, I like poppin' music.
It's certainly better than Beatin' Groovy.
Yeah, I've gotten back into it recently.
Yeah, it's fun.
I might get a job.
I'm possibly getting a job where I might use the money to get a desktop arcade so I can play the real thing at home instead of freaking 9K 2DX.
Good times, good times.
I wish I... Of course, then again, I'm like, I wish I had that kind of disposable income, but then again, I'm looking at my new iPhone when I'm saying that.
We all have priorities.
Alright, GS6 here, we gotta let you go, but have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Loki, you always have something for Last Minute Stories.
Yeah, a few more things real quick.
We know that Guitar Hero, they're talking about making God knows how many games next year for it.
Well, there's yet another one that's been discovered.
A trademark has recently been placed for the title Guitar Hero Modern Hits.
And no word on exactly what that is, but... Of course, the term hit is relative.
Exactly.
It's...
Who knows?
If I were to take a guess, I think it's another DS version.
It sounds like a DS version to me.
That's a good point.
Probably is.
It's pretty vague.
Alright.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas will be coming to Xbox Live Marketplace as an Xbox original starting, well, actually this Monday, October 20th.
So you'll be able to download the full game for $15 or 1,200 Microsoft points.
So that's pretty cool.
Um...
Also, Fable 2.
You should definitely go to Microsoft's website.
They have a special website made for Fable 2.
Xbox.com.
I believe you just go to the Fable 2 page.
They have a little game that you can play, including Chicken Kickin'.
And you can actually win prizes for your in-game character.
So you can win gold and different prizes in Fable 2.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, so interesting.
Area 51, the movie.
Hopefully it's cheesy and motion captured.
Then there's going to be some new download content for Mega Man 9 coming soon, including a brand new bonus level with a bonus boss, Fake Man.
And you'll be able to purchase that for 100 Wii Points.
Will it not be impossibly hard?
Probably not.
but it's a brand new special stage.
Oh my god, I can't play that game.
And lastly, to kind of talk a little bit about another game that we'll be seeing a little bit more pretty soon, LittleBigPlanet.
They actually have some more videos from the beta.
Someone has actually recreated some of the levels from Mirror's Edge in this game.
So you can actually play some of the Mirror's Edge levels in the beta and of course the full game when it comes out because all those levels are being transferred over which is pretty freaking awesome.
That's it.
Well, that's going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio, but before we finish the show tonight, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Fart Princess, thank you for coming to the show when you did and everything.
Do you have a final thought for us, even though you were late?
Vote no on Poop 8.
Thank you.
The Doctor, do you have any final thoughts?
We're getting a little political tonight.
Loki, do you have a final thought?
My costume is freaking awesome and you may see it next week.
Is it Tingle?
It's a video game character.
My final thought is Mentos.
Fresh and full of life.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
I fucking love Ichiban Khan.
IchibanConUSA.com I shop there every time I'm in San Francisco.
Sounds good.
Next week, episode 300 of Orange Lounge Radio.
What guests and surprises await the crew?
What messages will you guys leave for us on our Skype line when we're not live?
Will it potentially be a fuck show?
Who knows?
All that to be determined in one week's time.
Come back for episode 300 of Orange Lounge Radio next week.
Hey, if you enjoyed what you heard tonight, tell two friends about the show.
That's how we spread the word.
And if you don't have any friends, just kidding, even if you do, you should post a review on our iTunes on the store.
And I'll post the link in chat for our live listeners.
If you're not listening live, you should go search for it in iTunes and leave us a nice five-star review.
Yes, every little bit helps.
The more listeners we have, the better.
Because it's not about awards.
It's about listeners.
About you guys that show up every week.
So thank you guys so much.
Have a good one.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
