Tonight, November 6th, 2011, a trailer for the next Grand Theft Auto is unveiled, a major
MMO goes free to play, and what is in store for the Wii next after Skyward Sword?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live tonight, November the 6th of 2011, with the 434th show of Orange Lounge Radio.
We were off last week, but we're back tonight to join you over the next few hours live to
talk about video games and gaming culture and have some lols, hopefully.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you with my co-hosts.
Say hello over there to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm tired, Rob.
It's been especially a little while since we've heard from you, because we were unexpectedly
sort of off last week, I mean, that all came up at the last minute, but you had been gone
the week before because you were at Disneyland.
Yes.
Or as I was saying on the show, you were at Blizzcon a little too late.
I was actually, I met some Blizzcon people that were staying at our hotel.
Nice.
And they were calling it DizCon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard that term before.
I've wanted to go, here's my thing with Blizzcon, as much as I love the Blizzard products, I'm
sorry, I'm not paying $150 to go to your publicly open press conference and play your demos,
like I don't get, does not compute function, but I will totally go to go to all the hotel
parties because there's some sweet parties that get thrown, and then like DizCon, I'll
go for that, because like, shit, I go to Disneyland all the time anyway.
If you listen to the show any length of time, you know that.
I just kept running in though to other WoW players, and so I'd go talk to them, and Dan
would just roll his eyes and go somewhere else, because he pretty much hates it.
The WoWs.
He hates the WoWs.
All right.
And I've got a new obsession too, which is the WoW model viewer.
Well, we'll talk about that in a little bit.
I've got to introduce, he doesn't play WoW, so if you're worried about this becoming the
Warcraft show, don't worry, we've got tons of other games tonight, Techmaster Loki's
in the house.
No, I don't play WoW.
To not talk about WoW.
I do not play WoW.
But he will talk about food, but we were a little concerned because you didn't bring,
like if you've listened to the show for any length of time, Loki always brings food with
him to the show from a random fast food place, but not tonight.
And I was like, are you feeling okay, Loki?
He brought with him a Red Bull.
Should have been two Red Bulls, because that Red Bull one, it's just not enough by itself.
Was the kid keeping you up last night?
No, it's just like drinking your Red Bulls.
Oh, I thought you needed energy.
Well, no.
It seriously allows me to concentrate and get more work done at work without being distracted
as much.
Because productivity gets way higher with Red Bull.
Now, hold on, or they're gonna have to start paying you to say that here on the show, so.
Well, they wanna pay me in like a big tub of Red Bull.
Get that little car to drive around and come give you some.
But Dark Sakura fed you some of her, I guess, extra dinner or whatever.
I don't know.
Were you just cooking for the fun of it?
I wanted beef stew because it's gotten cold outside.
And I had broth, you know, stuff to make broth out of, so I just made, I made a vegetable
broth in the crock pot overnight, and then I made the beef stew in the morning.
And crock pot cooking is in right now.
Like I notice a lot of people are like really into it.
It never went out.
It's easy.
I don't know why.
Like it just seems like I'm noticing it more.
The Paula Deen recipe for pot roast is amazing.
And I'm not just talking about-
How much butter?
There's not a lot of butter, but there's a lot of sodium.
A lot of sodium.
I see them more prevalent at Target.
I see it mentioned more on blogs, on Facebook.
I don't know.
Maybe it's the economy.
Well, honestly, it makes perfect sense because you can make a lot of food to last you for
a week in the crock pot.
You know, you can have it cook while you're at work or whatever, and you come home and
it's hot dinner.
It's like having your own, you know, servant, except you did all the work, but you didn't
cook it.
And you forgot that you did all the work.
It was cooked.
You come home and it's cooked, and it's good.
All right.
Well, believe it or not, we talk about more than food here on Orange Lounge Radio.
If it's your first time listening to the show, I'll just kind of reintroduce the show here
real quick because it's been a while.
We are three friends that all met about 10 years ago at this point, all playing a popular
video game at the arcades called Dance Dance Revolution.
And we used to go to these marathon sessions of playing that at the arcade, and we would
go to dinner afterwards with other friends, and we just sat around and talked shit about
video games, whether it be DDR or whatever else is at the arcade, for hours and hours
afterwards.
And I had been dabbling in internet radio, so at Dark Sakura before that.
And so we decided to kind of take that into an internet radio show, and Loki joined us
along the way.
And that's where Orange Lounge Radio was born.
We pride ourselves on the fact that we interact.
We do the show live.
We always have.
Very rare, we're not live.
Usually it has to be a computer issue or something.
But out of the 434 episodes we'd have, I'd say about 430 of those are probably live,
and interacting with you guys in our chat room.
We have you guys in chat giving live commentary on the show.
So you guys can call us later in the show.
We like to embrace new social media as it comes out.
So Facebook, we're on there.
Twitter, we're on there.
We give it a big kiss.
That's why we call it the show where every gamer has a voice.
Because, you know, we're not paid.
Very rarely are we sent advance review copies of things, or get free perks for this, because
we've always been very independent.
So we like to think we're giving you just a truly honest perspective.
And sometimes that honest perspective is, I don't have time this week to play every
single freaking game that's out right now.
I will say people do want to send us advance copies, we'll be happy to accept them.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I will never say no to that.
I don't care what it is.
But I will say this, is that the holiday season is upon us now, and that's kind of what I
wanted to move into, is the holiday season is upon us now, and we're in that month every
year in video games where everything is coming out.
And I just, I know you guys have got to be feeling this too.
I really don't have time to play everything.
And like I am a Warcraft player, as we were talking about at the beginning of the show,
and as if that didn't need enough time, like now there's all these other games out I'm
trying to play, and there's just not enough time.
And Skyrim is out on Friday, and I'm just thinking like, oh god, that's going to be
another suck in my time away, and I'm hearing it's great, which I was expecting, so yay,
I don't have enough time to play everything.
What games are you guys looking forward to this holiday season, if anything?
Dark Sakura, is there anything, maybe it's already out?
I'm looking forward to sleeping.
I'm looking forward to the semester being over, so I can actually play the shit I have.
Honestly, because, I mean, I started playing Symphony of the Night again, and I've just
been too tired to really play anything other than, you know, WoW and the other couple things
I'm playing.
It's honestly, if it comes out and it falls into my lap, I'll be happy to play it.
If it comes out and it's something that I want, I'll find a way to make it happen, but
right now, I'm just not really doing the looking forward to anything kind of deal, I'm doing
the get me through the next three weeks, we go to print next week.
This week, we go to print, fuck me, we go to print this week.
Oh my god.
IRL stuff.
Um, Loki, what are you looking forward to this holiday?
Like I had to ask, like I had to ask, and that's Tuesday, right?
Next Tuesday.
Oh, next Tuesday.
Do you have any special events lined up, like did you take Wednesday off work?
Do you have anything planned special?
No, I'm just gonna play it.
Nope, just gonna play it.
Just gonna play it.
Going to our chat room for some comments, chat.orangeslantrady.com, talking about the
free games that we don't get.
Dark Tetsuya says, Loki, would you play anything even if it's Skylanders 2?
Going back to what you said.
If you're gonna send me a free copy of that, I'll do something creative with those toys.
You know what, looking at Twitter, and kind of getting the feel for what people are saying,
I'm seeing a lot of positive stuff about it, especially from the people that have kids.
Really seem to enjoy, like Skylanders is a fun game to play with kids.
Glad that they were able to lower their standards for their kids.
Because you know, kids, they're definitely not attached to stupid toys nowadays, and
trust me, Activision is getting behind publishing games that are on the DS for a lot of those
stupid toys that you're just like, I don't understand why these kids like that.
But you know what, that's fine, and I understand, I'm not trying to sound like the bitter old
man or whatever that's like, oh, I don't understand these kids, I don't understand
these kids' games and their toys and blah blah blah, no seriously, their toys are stupid
compared to the stuff that we used to have.
I mean, our toys used to do stuff, I mean, it may have been stupid things like, you know,
karate chopping arm and stuff, but you know what, Teddy Ruxpin was the fucking future,
he could read anything.
I have a Teddy Ruxpin.
I know you do.
And Grubby.
And most of the...
My buddy.
Wherever you go, he goes.
I had one of those things, and man, his face is definitely hard, and you can do some serious
injuries to other people with that stuff.
No, but, I'm just saying, okay, Skylanders, you gotta, yeah, I understand your kids are
gonna have fun with that game, because it's like, oh look, the toys come to life, and
it's so much fun, but seriously, you as a responsible parent need to understand that
it's just a ploy to get you to buy the toys and this really expensive game that you don't
need.
Hell, you know what, buy your kids a good game, and buy them some other toys that are
also very good.
I just wanna say, for those that didn't have the privilege of growing up when, you know,
these old people here on this program grew up, just let me take you back a few years
here as to what we were into at the time.
Here you go.
Now, it wasn't necessarily into My Buddy, but my parents bought it for me.
It's just a giant fucking doll, okay, I mean, that's all it is.
It's just like...
Kid's sister's at a tea party, though.
I mean, it was just seriously, I mean, it could have been just a Cabbage Patch doll,
but...
That's probably what it was trying to capitalize on.
Seriously.
I had Cabbage Patch Kids.
Sorry for the poor audio on that, YouTube doesn't balance our ideas.
And I'm not saying that that toy was good.
That toy was not good at all, yeah, I recognize that it was, and yeah, Teddy Ruxpin was kind
of an interesting toy because that, you know, had, you know, it was a thing that played
tapes, you know, cassette tapes.
I know some kids that are maybe even listening to the show don't know what that is, but cassette
tapes, and they would actually move their mouth to the stuff, you know, the actual audio
because I think they had it split or something like that, and that's how it worked.
And it would read stories to you, and interact, they had the little playsets and stuff like
that.
And those are kind of cool, I mean, because at the time it was like pretty cutting edge
stuff.
But...
I'm sorry, I love this comment in our chat room, AlphaKananagram says, I had a My Buddy,
but then I saw a movie or clips of a Chucky movie and stopped playing with it.
Oh my god, you know what?
Can't say I blame you there.
Yesterday, and okay, I'm on the American River Review staff, and we sometimes go in on Saturdays
and Sundays to do extra work.
So we play movies.
And yesterday we were watching an MST3K movie that was called The Devil Doll, about this
mannequin and we just kept singing the My Buddy theme over and over every time the mannequin
would show up on the screen.
It's been so long since we've done a show, I didn't talk about the haunted house that
I went to a couple weeks ago.
Oh, talk about it.
Oh my god, okay, so we went to one of those cheesy haunted house things that they take
the old store that like one of the circuit cities that closed down, that they haven't
been able to get something else in there and they turned it into like this Uber haunted
house.
Right.
And one of the scarier ones that we went into, and I usually, usually like, you know, I kind
of approach this stuff with a haha, this stuff's derpy and dorky or whatever, but these guys
did a really good job.
And I can't remember the name of the haunted house, but it was out for the local folks
to Sacramento, California, it was out in Roseville, right across from the Dave and Busters out
there.
Like, I don't know what some furniture store used to be over there and they turned it into
a haunted house.
And they had one that was all Halloween themed or it was all Halloween themed stupid.
They had one that was all Hollywood themed and they had like all the recreations of the
different movies.
And like one of the rooms had a Chucky doll and like, it was really like scary and good
life.
And then it started moving.
They had a freaking midget as the Chucky doll.
That's awesome.
It started following you around.
It was like freaky and like, yeah, they were really good at scaring people because they
had, and this, this was the only way, like some people would do it.
They had a rule like a strip club.
We don't touch you.
You don't touch us.
Like there was a no touching rule, but they will get right up in your face and all this
stuff.
They had a Freddy Krueger that had like sparks coming out.
I mean, it was awesome.
It was really well done, but the Chucky doll, just the whole talk about that made me think
of this.
I will say this though.
They had all these different themed areas.
One of them was a hospital theme.
It was just like silent Hill and clearly had its inspiration.
I would have wanted to see that.
Oh my gosh.
Are there nurses?
Oh, well they didn't like have.
People in the silent Hill costume.
Like I don't, they didn't, but being in there definitely felt like it had the huge inspiration
from silent Hill.
Actually.
They did have some real cut up nurses.
They just didn't have like the face, like the face is wrapped in gauze type of thing.
They didn't really have that.
Well, that was only in, um, the movie that they had the face wrapped in gauze.
They had that in, um, they were faceless in a couple of the others and then just had
these kinds of modeled faces.
Don't, don't test me on my silent Hill.
I'm not, I'm not.
So one of the other things that truly scared me was the dentist in there cause like, you
know, the dentist is scary and had an air gun that you didn't know he had until it's
just the right person, which happened to be me walk by and you have the drilling noises
and all of a sudden, and I was like, that was exactly the sound you made.
Yeah.
You know, that's what happens when like 10 gay guys in their hag, I'll go to a haunted
house together.
You know, it's going back to the toys and you know, buying your kids, Skylanders and
stuff like that.
Okay.
Would you rather, you know, spend $200 on Skylanders and their, their toys or buy them
like, I mean $200 you can buy a really nice, you know, toy or something or a lot of toys
for $200 and I can guarantee they'll probably have a lot more fun than they do with Skylanders.
Yeah, that's a neat concept, but yeah, I mean, come on.
You can buy a cheap arcade cabinet for that.
One of my friends is building an arcade cabinet and it made me think of you actually.
I'm seeing all the pictures on Facebook and everything and it just totally, it totally
reminded me of when we lived together and you built that arcade cabinet that the TV
was in.
Yeah, it was a mistake.
Oh man, those were the days.
So since we're talking about cool toys that you could spend like $200 on, uh, did they
have this or do they have this now that they had when I was a kid?
Cause this is what I would spend $200 on.
Domino rally was the shit.
Like your dominoes would do like loop de loops.
Check out that awesome 80s power music to this commercial and like dominoes would go
down slides and this took all day to set up for like 10 seconds of fun.
Domino rally, get all three sets.
I would have spent $200 on domino rally.
All right, anyway, uh, I guess we should talk about our gaming weeks, but dark Sakura left,
so I guess we'll do things out of order.
Uh, we'll move into our gaming weeks, the types of video games that you have been playing
this week.
And Loki will start tonight with you since, um, dark soccer left the room real quick.
Her husband just got home, so I think she had to go tend to mainly grand theft auto
four usual.
Um, you know, still playing lost and damned.
We moved to airport games now.
And my coworker was getting slightly better at, uh, killing people in the airport.
And of course I refined my technique and now I'm up there with him again.
Uh, but we're having some pretty high scoring games, like $3,000 games, which is pretty
awesome.
Um, and then of course, uh, actually played a little bit of saints road, the second or
saints row two on PC, uh, with a wonderful add on patch from, um, a group, uh, called
idle Ninja.
And they have a patch, uh, mod, if you will, called gentlemen of the row.
And what it does is it fixes a lot of stuff that's in, in the game that was buggy because
the saints row two PC version is a terrible, terrible port, but they fixed it for the most
part and they've added a lot of cool stuff to it, new weapons, new, um, you know, slider
abilities.
You can make your character look really ridiculous.
I had some like topless green chick that it was really hideous looking.
It was just like some, I don't even know what, and I actually, I'm going to start a new game
because I don't want to look at that character anymore.
It's just weird.
But um, you can do all sorts of crazy stuff and new gang types and clothing options and
just all sorts of crazy stuff.
And of course, you know, that's a free mod to download.
So worth checking out if you have the PC version cause it probably would fix a lot of the problems
that you have there.
Just gearing up, you know, for saints row the third, which hopefully I'll be playing
this week at some point.
And um, and then let's see, other than that, I played a plants versus zombies on the iPod
again and went back to that a little bit.
I'm on the roof now and they had a huge sale at Halloween time too.
I think you could get it for like 99 cents.
Yeah.
I mean, I liked the game.
It's, it's a little annoying that it just keeps ramping, like it keeps changing the
game like every single level.
Now mind it like, do you want the same stage as every level?
That would be boring.
No.
It just, it should get more difficult, you know, just like, I don't know.
They put new game mechanics in every stage.
Yes.
Exactly.
Um, and that's fine.
You know, it's pretty cool.
So I've been playing a little bit of that and then, um, what else?
Uh, that's pretty much it actually just not hold on, but I mean, I can't wait.
I'm just like, ah, I need the, I need the safe for the third.
I need it.
Hoping your distributor connections will come through and you can get the game early this
week.
We'll see.
After, after the week I've had, um, just next Sunday is going to be a big gaming week show
because hopefully look, you'll have that.
I'll have Skyrim, dark soccer will have, I don't know what she'll have, but it'll be
good.
I'll have a weekend that I can sleep through.
All right.
Dark soccer.
Uh, sorry we started without you, but we'll go back and do your gaming.
That's okay.
I had to potty.
Oh, I thought you ran out and said hi to Dan cause I already got home.
All right.
Well, what's up?
How was your gaming week?
Um, I played well and I played DC universe online, which is kind of ass.
You didn't like it?
Well, I'm not saying that I hated it, but the control is really crabby and I hate that
you have to keep turning the camera as you're running and doing everything.
And with my trackball mouse, it's just not reasonable.
I mean I could do it really easy in portal too, but I can't really do it for DC universe.
You know why?
Why?
Because it sucks?
Well, no, not because it sucks.
I mean maybe it sucks.
Cause trackball sucks.
I don't know how you do it.
I hate trackballs.
Mainly because I think the game is meant more to played with a controller than, cause using
like a right analog stick to control your camera is kind of natural for a lot of people.
You might want to give it another go with an Xbox 360 controller plugged into your computer
if you have any wired ones because the game will pick it right up because the game was
designed to be console slash, you know, kind of like Final Fantasy 11 was and you felt
more comfortable with that on the controller.
That might be the trick or it might not.
I don't know.
I mean DC universe is very different kind of game.
But I've also been playing more with keyboard and mouse so much lately and keep in mind
using a regular controller actually hurts my hands after awhile.
So I can't play a game for a long period of time like I can if you use keyboard and mouse.
You should try one of those things that look like a kickboard that they were pimping on
all games network awhile back.
Oh no.
That thing was painful.
Oh yeah.
We, we, uh, I gave them to you.
No, actually no you didn't, but I saw one at the store and it's too painful.
It's too bad.
It was painful.
I don't know if I remember seeing one, um, I don't remember what they're even called
now, but they look like they had all these weird, uh, almost like a spider like thing
over the controller that you hear.
It's supposed to improve your reaction time by like hitting the different buttons by kind
of moving your fingers in different ways and something like that.
Yeah, they're terrible.
My coworker just went home, uh, Brad from pod cultures in our chat room right now and
says a pack controls are just fine.
Use a 360 controller.
So another vote to, uh, try a controller, I guess I was again, I know, I know, but just,
I'm just saying, yeah, I mean, honestly I'm playing a PC game because I want to play a
PC game and you know, it's, it's fine.
There's also, I ran into way too many derps by the time I got through the brainiac thing.
I think right now is not a good time to get into DC universe.
You want to wait a month or two to be honest, it's going to be moot anyway cause star Trek
online.
True.
I was talking about this on Horde house, the Warcraft show I do this week and um, you know,
we had a guest on that was talking about the star Wars MMO that's coming out and he was
playing the beta of that and I said, there's no way in hell I'm playing this when it comes
out.
It's like, why not?
It's great.
I said, because you don't want to play any MMO in the first month when they, you know,
either launch a new expansion, launch the new game, launch free to play, whatever it
is, because it's just swarming with people.
You have to wait for it to kind of level out a little bit.
I think Star Trek online stayed pretty consistent because no one played Star Trek did, but you
had fans that were playing it and they were less derp than the usual derp, you know, and
I guess DC universe I would have hoped would have been the same, but everyone knows who
freaking Batman is.
But DC universe is also just a really different MMO.
Like it's not, wow, it's really not, wow.
It's more like, imagine if Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the arcade game was an MMO.
It's like playing city of heroes, but even worse control city of heroes is fine.
This way I could play Star Trek online because it played like city of heroes, which is no
problem.
But of course me and my Marvel love, I made a chick Hawkeye anyway.
I mean, her name is Hawk in Hebrew.
Maybe that was just your problem is you just couldn't, I've been enjoying watching Dan
play through, um, Arkham city Batman's Batman, you know, that, and I just think the whole
Batman cat woman thing is, I actually sat down and read two DC comics.
Wow.
I read the first two issues of the new cat man, not cat man, cat woman thing, because
it had Batman lucky in it.
Wow.
All right.
It was pretty hot too.
Anything else for your gaming week?
You want to share, um, Oh yeah.
Our type on the iPhone.
Really hard to control.
I was going to say, I mean, no, it's actually not hard to control, but like once it's like,
it's how I am with our type.
Anyway, once you lose those powerups, it's sort of like, Oh, what's the point?
I'm going to die in five seconds.
I am done playing classic games ported to the iPhone, but I like just listening to the
music on it.
I just, they all control rage too, by the way.
What if I played on the phone?
That's terrible.
I played street to rage two for free controls, terrible Sonic, terrible.
The Capcom arcade collection, terrible.
They're all terrible.
And it's because X-Men played pretty good.
Well, yeah, it's probably terrible too.
No, it was okay.
If freeze my phone, then it's terrible.
No, it was awesome because it was X-Men and it's prepared to die.
All right.
I also tried a little bit of crafted, which is the Minecraft knockoff on, um, the iPod
iPhone or whatever.
That's 2d.
Yeah.
I, I care about that as much as I care about Minecraft.
That's just like, Nope, don't care.
Try playing it.
Sounds like Terraria.
I also have something else.
Can I talk about it now?
What?
The other fun thing I've been playing with that isn't a game, but related to a game.
I've been playing with the well model viewer.
Why is that?
Just because you're obsessed with wow.
Well, because there's a web comic going to be coming out called called Hills Bread Blues.
Keep your eyes open everybody, but I bet I've been playing.
Actually I spent last night while my internet was down looking through all the different
models and finding like the unused ones and all the derp ones and finding like what the
spawners look like.
So if you see a bunny, be careful.
It could spawn something.
They use bunnies a lot for spawning things, but yeah, it's just kind of fun.
I found Alfred Copperworth and I found Alexandra McQueen.
So I'm just laughing at the NPC names.
Good times.
I think it's fun.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Let's see what makes my games tick.
Okay.
Um, my gaming week, I've played Warcraft as well, but I've played a heck of a lot of console
stuff too.
I want to talk about a few games I've been playing this week.
Um, the first I'll talk about is a game called Disney universe, which came out, um, a couple
of weeks ago and it's on, I think 360 and PS3 might be on PC as well.
It at first glance, it looks like a little big planet Disney game.
And I would say that's true to an extent, but the game itself plays more like a Lego
game.
Like if you played those.
I saw the trailer actually for the game when it was the ghostbusters and it's, and I've,
I've played the game a little bit and it's, it's cute.
It's a basic platformer.
Definitely something that like younger kids and tweens would get into those folks that
are expecting it to be like kingdom hearts and no, it's a lot more simple.
But if you're into Disney like I am and you like to collect things, cause the game has
a lot of collectibles, especially like powering up different suits.
Yes, there is a Tron suit.
That's why, you know, I had to go with that.
And it was also in the trailer.
Yeah.
And you know, there's, there's stuff from Pixar is involved too.
So there's definitely a lot of stuff to just kind of absorb, but the game itself is very
basic.
It's definitely not the depth of little big planet.
And therefore you have the $60 price tag, excuse me, I think it's actually a $50 price
tag.
It's $49.99.
I actually got three games from the Amazon buy two, get one free sale, which are the
games I'm talking about tonight.
And so I don't really know exactly how much they all work cause I paid like a hundred
dollars for free.
It's 50 bucks retail.
That's still asking a bit much, this is something that I think is going to be a great deal when
it's on sale for 20 or 30.
But if you're like really hardcore into Disney, or you really just want like a basic platformer
for fun, something with collectibles, I think you'd be into it.
But if you're looking for something a little more like a game with a lot more depth, I'm
not so sure you're going to find it here.
You definitely see the inspirations from little big planet, some of the mini games and so
forth, which are cute, but very basic.
The game is not anything you haven't played before.
It's just with Disney looking sack boy characters, cute.
A game that I played a bit more of was dance central two came out this past couple of weeks.
And yeah, it's, it's definitely an improvement over the original.
Some things I noticed right away, fitness mode, it's like 10 times better.
They have some prearranged fitness playlist that you can play, which I was having a lot
of fun with.
There's a story mode kind of built into it, which encourages you to mix up the songs a
little more too.
It's kind of okay to dabble into songs that are a higher difficulty on easy.
And I think the way the older game was structured, you really kind of felt like you had to kind
of go down the list of songs, but they, this one really kind of shuffles things in the
different modes a lot more.
Of course you can import all of your dance central one songs, but one thing that disappointed
me a little bit is that when you did that, and surely they had to know that there was
a lot of people that were going to do that.
It doesn't really integrate the dance central one stuff into the non arcade modes, like
the fitness mode and the, you know, well, you can do a nonstop fitness, you can do it,
but there aren't any like playlists that involve the dance central one stuff.
At least that I found now, granted, you know, if it's there, I'm sure someone in chat will
correct me here, but it wasn't immediately prevalent to me.
And I was just hoping it would be integrated maybe a little bit more, but I understand
they want to focus on the new stuff.
My other slight problem with dance central two is I don't think the song list is as strong
as the first game.
There's some good songs in there, but there's also some kind of really derpy songs as well.
Like there's a Justin Bieber song in there.
There's a Britney cover in there and it's like harmonics is better than covers.
Like I understand that Britney is very danceable and you want a Britney song in your game,
but you shouldn't have to resort to covers.
You can get another song.
There's danceable songs out there that are not Britney Spears.
And you know what?
People probably don't care.
Yeah.
So I mean, but there was, there were some songs that made me laugh.
Like there's had a ways, what is love?
And so it made me really laugh that that was in the game and yes, you do the head Bob is
part of it, but you know, that's the kind of thing you low for at parties, but you know,
once you've played it once, you don't really want to play that song over and over again,
but it did have some, it had some good songs, the dances.
You know what guys out there?
You're going to have to kind of let your inhibitions go for some of these dances because I'm all
I have to say, if you play born this way by lady Gaga, expect to do moves like princess
snaps and um, something about queen, like where you make the little crown, like she
does in the video, if you've ever seen the board in this way video, they kind of put
that dance move in there.
So like I can just imagine a bunch of bros playing dance central too.
I mean, not that that's really like the broski kind of game to be playing anyway, but let's
just say that, you know, it found its way out at a frat party.
Like if you want to impress the ladies, expect to really let your inhibitions go with some
of these dances.
Women like a man that's secure in his sexuality.
That's very true.
That's very true.
So I'm just, I'm just saying it's a lot of the dances struck me as very feminine.
I didn't find a lot of masculine dances, but whatever.
Take that as it is.
Have fun.
That's all it is.
Have your own home, uh, the fitness modes and stuff.
It's a lot of fun.
And so what, if you have to do princess snaps, it's funny.
Um, the other game I've been playing a lot of, well, actually not a lot of, I just started
it today, but I really want to go home and play more of it is Arkham city.
Isn't it great?
Is really good.
Yeah.
Um, I, you know, again, I'm only about maybe like an hour and a half into it, so I can't
like totally review it, but I'll just say like, usually when I leave OLR, I want to
go home and play.
Wow.
I want to go to the city because I'm like really into it.
And the story, I say this, the story just get, I loved that you had like five villains
within the first 15 minutes, but it didn't feel, it didn't feel like overload.
It felt like it made sense of the story.
It was good.
Um, yeah, I love that it's open world now and that there's all these side quest things
you can do.
And it just, it's just, it's more fluid than the last one to me even like, I can't even
put my finger on it.
Like it's just, it's like, yeah.
And that's really rad.
Like that's, Oh man, I'll tell you something too.
As you finish certain parts of the game, you actually, um, the dialogue amongst the inmates
in the game will change that you overhear reflecting things that have happened in the
game.
So it's just not the same stale thing and you'll find different people in different
areas and all the Joker trophy, not Joker, the, uh, the Riddler trophies.
Those are hard.
Some of those, some of them are just cake.
They're right there, but some of them are really hard and, but the Catwoman switching
out is actually pretty neat.
So you'll get points that you can switch out with Catwoman.
Very cool.
Yeah.
I put in the code to get that.
So the game starts right away with a Catwoman based thing and you know, it's, it's, you're
into it.
It's, it's cool.
So I, uh, yeah, I'm, I'm into it into that.
I have to laugh.
There's a move with Batman that you do that you start running, you slide under a door.
She does the slide under the door thing, except she does it on her knees leaning back.
So you get this flash of boob when every time you do it in the movie where she slides under
a door like that or something like that.
Well, new movies not out yet.
We don't have returns.
I don't think she did that.
And on top of that, she didn't have the cleavage in Batman Returns.
I mean, Batman Returns was what, 1993 full body black suit and this is the zip up jumpsuit
Catwoman and like when, when cat, when that movie came out, Bane wasn't even in the Batman
universe yet.
I don't think so.
You know, a lot's changed since then, but, um, yeah, I, I'm, I'm having a really good
time with it, so I can't wait to go home and play more of it.
It's um, we're having a good time, so yeah.
Um, slick interface too.
Like even right away from the menus, I was like, this is really cool.
And I want to play the 3D.
It has like 3D where it's, um, you can just use red and blue glasses or some type of,
I don't know, I think some other type of glasses I'm sure they're selling, but uh, yeah, you
can get 3D with a 2D TV, which is kind of cool.
It's, I have to say that the whole thing is actually a very well done package.
Mm hmm.
Now Leo Shannon in our chat room says, yeah, but when you play Catwoman, they all refer
to her, to her as bitch.
Well, yeah, they call Batman the bat.
They are, well, I mean, bitch is a little bit more derogatory, but I mean, I, well,
whereas maybe they could use a little more variety in their derogative terms, I do get
the sense that they're taunting Batman as well, but I haven't played as Catwoman much
more than the opening sequence yet, but if they do just keep saying bitch, bitch, bitch,
that does seem a little bit lazy to me.
Pretty much, or they'll say it's the cat or Catwoman.
I mean, they call her by name, but they also say, I mean, the first thing, if you've got
a woman who's being annoying to you, what's the first thing you're going to call her?
Bitch.
Exactly.
If there's a man being annoying to me, the first thing I think to call them is bitch
too.
You know?
Yeah.
Maybe I'm just an equal opportunity bitcher.
Call him dick.
But keep in mind this too, they might be calling you a bitch, but you're about ready to kick
their ass.
The one tiny negative I will say about Batman, granted I'm playing it on easy cause I really
just want the story.
It is a little bit button mashy, but it's button mashing with finesse.
If that makes sense.
Like it just, it's very fluid and it's cool.
Like it's not to the point where I find it annoying.
It's button mashy in the way that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the arcade game was
button mashy and it was still fun.
So that's all.
I was also, I have to say that I really liked the artwork that's come out with the game.
I'm sure on the harder modes, there's more to it than just button mashing, but I am playing
it on easy.
Anyway, there you go.
That's pretty much been my gaming week.
Let's talk about some housekeeping and then we'll get into tonight's news.
Quickly for the live listeners, I guess we just had a bit of an outage where we went
down.
We all get kicked from IRC.
Dark Sakura, the house of Dark Sakura has been having some internet issues up and down.
So for the sake of having a clean podcast, we are going to try and just tear straight
through without really stopping because of downtimes.
So we apologize to the live listeners, but it is an issue that's out of our control.
Like Dark Sakura, you said your net's gone down like what, three times over the weekend
and affected your rating in WoW last night?
It's gone down off and on over the last three days and I thought that it was finally stable
and we got all the way through ICC ice crumbs for those who don't know and get to Arthas
and then it starts freezing on me and I knew it was going to go down again.
No porn torrents.
So we really thank, I've already downloaded Supernatural.
We really thank the live listeners for tuning in and sticking it out.
We apologize.
We can't fix it, but it is an issue with our internet service provider.
So for the sake of having a clean show, we're just going to try and push right through.
If we go down, we are probably aware.
So no need to send me 50 tells that we're down because we probably know.
Also, I'll say this real quick.
Podcast award results came out and we didn't win, which, you know, you have to prepare
yourself for the fact that you probably won't win.
The same show that won for the past couple of years, four player podcast, they won again,
which is, you know, good for them.
They work hard on what they do.
It's an independent show and we always said from the top, we want an indie show to win
and indie show did win.
So that's awesome.
And not only did they win the gaming one, they won the grande taco.
They didn't win grande taco.
It was something like best produced or best overall.
I don't know, but they, they have a big community, a strong community.
And so, you know, they, they had the votes getting cranked out every day.
The podcast awards are a little bit of a popularity contest, so it really is about kind of who's
got the most driven community.
And obviously they've got a strong community.
That's not me throwing shade.
That is they, that's great.
They've worked hard to build that up.
Not that our community is any less because you guys, we were so thankful that you guys
were putting out their call for retweets and posting on Facebook.
Other all game shows were showing support for us, which really meant a lot.
You guys, we saw, you know, we saw the plugs on other folks' website and the banners that
were like, Hey, our show is not nominated, but go vote for these guys.
Cause you know, we like them and you know, we're, we're on the same network.
And that really meant a lot.
And I'll also say what also meant a lot to us throughout this whole thing.
That was awesome was that over on Facebook we actually posted, you know, the other night
when we found out about the results, we kind of, you know, said, Hey, we didn't win, but
you know, it's cool.
At least we were nominated, you know, out of what, hundreds of gaming podcasts out there.
We were one of 10 nominated and only half of them were general gaming shows.
A lot of them were very specialized shows about Warcraft or other MMOs or what have
you.
So that was just really awesome to even have that.
And the response we got on Facebook was just awesome.
Like we got some comments on the posts like, uh, that by the way, this is at facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio.
If you're not a friend, you should add us.
Like Terry replied and said, you won my award and that's all that matters.
Six plus years and still listening, uh, Fabrice commented on the post saying, I'd even say
you won our hearts making such a great podcast for so many years is quite an accomplishment
and like stuff like that is makes my heart warm for just a moment.
It does, but yeah, stuff like that is longer than a moment, Rob, what are you thinking?
So I just want to say thank you guys so much.
Everybody who supported us, even though we didn't win, it's all good.
We're still here and we don't have any plans to go anywhere.
So and so, um, that's it for housekeeping.
Uh, if, as I mentioned, facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio, twitter, twitter.com
slash O L R and now the gaming news.
Loki.
Uh, yes.
Um, so this week was pretty big, at least for me cause Hey, they, they put out a trailer
for grant that out of five and that makes me happy.
So yeah, so they pretty easily guessed a sequel to grant those out of four.
Uh, now it's of course returning back to Los Santos as part of a grand theft auto San Andreas.
This time I believe those supposed to be centralized more around one city as opposed to three like
San Andreas was and um, mainly because you know, now they can really expand it and it
looks just amazing.
Of course, the rumors, you know, everyone's trying to dissect a trailer, figure out, okay,
what's, what's this going to be about?
Where are the new things in there?
Some of the things that you see in the trailer, um, animals, there's a dog lease in a cut
scene.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to kill animals, but obviously in their last
game red dead redemption, there were plenty of animals running around that you could kill.
That would be really risky for them to do that and incur the wrath of PETA.
And I know you guys don't care about that stuff, but that is a bunch of like negative
publicity.
I think the game could do without.
Yeah.
Isn't that funny that people will get more bent out of shape about killing animals than
they will killing people.
I would have thought that that would have happened from red dead redemption and granted
it's period specific, but I mean if you think about it, it's not like you're going around
killing people's dogs.
It's like, okay, they may be having, you know, police dogs coming after you or something
like that or there might be wolves or something in the hills and you have to defend yourself
or whatever.
It's just people get very possessive about their cats and dogs almost more so than they
do people.
So.
Oh, the PETA people are crazy.
Well, I'm not, I'm not just saying PETA.
Like if they're going to work that stuff into the game, they better tread carefully.
That's all I'm saying.
It's a, it's a, it's a volatile ground they're walking with that.
Some of their stuff, um, of course, you know, planes coming back, uh, a lot more, uh, aircraft
in there.
Uh, a blimp is in there.
Who knows if you can fly a blimp, but definitely it was something that was part of the, uh,
you know, skyline that was kind of cool.
Um, very variety, you know, there's a huge variety of landscapes there, everything from
like the mountains to, you know, the city slums.
They showed kind of three different characters in there that you might be playing as.
One of those, the rumor to be, um, the main character from Vice City coming back.
Um, and then also there looks like maybe CJ from San Andreas and then a new character,
um, all making the return maybe to this game.
Uh, at least that's all rumor stuff.
Um, of course, multiplayer is going to be a big part of it as well and, um, no word
of course on any sort of, uh, release time frame.
Although if I were to be, you know, a guessing man, I'd say, uh, fourth quarter 2012, just
in time for the Wii U launch, it would be a good timing if they want to Grand Theft Auto
on their platform.
Sorry, can I say this about the pet discussion we were having a minute ago, Akuma JP in our
chat room says, don't worry, all dogs go to heaven.
It's true, it's true.
Cats on the other hand, no, I'm just kidding.
I love kitties.
I love all cats.
Good thing Shirmi's not in here.
All cats go to special heaven.
She should make that face at you.
Cats, no, cats go to special heaven.
All right.
Sorry, Loki.
Yeah.
So, um, but yeah, it's seriously amazing.
If you haven't seen the trailer for whatever reason, go check it out.
Rockstar games.com and uh, I can't wait to play it.
It'll, it'll be awesome.
And how many times did you watch the trailer?
About 10, 15 times.
People are really dissecting even just every little frame of that kind of like a movie
trailer though.
There's some really stupid people out there like, Hey, look at that address that's on
there.
That means it's coming out in May.
I'm like, no, you're stupid.
I'm a bit frightened now.
What?
Her last name is wooly Bush.
Stop it.
That's not related to the topic at hand.
I'm going to make you close that.
Okay.
All right.
Moving on to other news that does not have to do with dark soccer.
Looking at the model viewer when she should be looking at her next story.
Uh, looked at my story.
What are you talking about?
I want to talk about this.
This is a game I don't think anyone in here has looked at funny enough because I don't
think a one, excuse me, this is not usually the type of game we play, but he wanted to
play.
5 million, actually 5 million to be exact people out there that are playing this game
this week.
It's battlefield three.
It is huge in the gaming industry.
5 million gamers throughout the world bought battlefield three this week.
That is internal estimates from EA.
So that could be a little bit inflated, but to be honest, I wouldn't put it past that.
That is actually the legit number.
I guess at one point they were announcing that they moved 10 million units onto shelves.
So this game is preparing to sell a lot more through the holiday season.
So yep, I know a lot of my friends were playing this game.
Even though I am terrible, terrible bad at first person shooters, I totally understand
why people are into this.
These games look phenomenal.
The graphics are outstanding.
And as far as the multiplayer experience goes, where you get to shoot, shoot, shoot to kill,
it's a lot of fun.
So, but Loki, you're trying to get this right now or what?
Well, I was looking to maybe try it, at least the single player because it looked fun.
Now, I was hearing a lot of buzz on Twitter that some people are really having problems
with some of the origin integration and so forth.
And you know, the servers were having a hard time, which I guess is to be expected the
launch week of a game.
You know, the servers are always having hiccups and so forth, but it sounds like there's a
lot of rabble rabble about the origin integration.
I want to say I was reading something about a crack has already come out for the PC version.
Of course, this wouldn't affect the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 ones, but the PC one specifically,
I guess a crack has come out that has now disabled the origin.
Like you don't need it anymore, which is not a surprise at all.
I'll tell you this.
I didn't talk about this at the top of the show, but you guys know my Xbox was hacked
a couple months ago.
I got on the show, lost some money.
I played the demo for need for speed, the run this week, because that's a game I'm actually
looking forward to, but I don't play a lot of EA sports games.
The only EA sports games I really get into these days are the racers.
So the reason why I bring that up, when I logged into need for speed, the run, it told
me that my Xbox live gamer tag had already been tied to an email account that wasn't
mine.
It belonged to somebody else.
In fact, I was able to Facebook that person and see what she looked like and wonder if
that was the person that maybe took my money.
Well, FIFA is an EA game.
I know.
I know FIFA is an EA game and this person made the account on there.
Now, I don't know.
The hacker could have just used a random email address.
Well they would.
It was interesting that I was able to look this person up on Facebook.
You need to confirm it though.
Like I don't know.
They do.
Yeah, you have to do three mil.
Well, here's what I ended up doing.
I called EA to get that unattached, to get my real EA account attached to my gamer tag
because I wanted my actual one on there and I wanted that one unattached.
I was on hold for 25 minutes waiting to speak to somebody over there.
But granted, I'm calling the week the battlefield three comes out.
So I wasn't too, you know, that's what speakerphone was invented for and you know, so I can sit
and play Warcraft while I'm on speakerphone.
But that was a little bit irritating.
I will say this, and yet again, somebody posted on our Orange Launch Radio wall, I feel for
you, Sky.
I just got hacked this week.
And my response was, dude, we told you change your password.
So people out there on Xbox, please, please change your password.
And this is what I'm going to honestly recommend you do.
Go download the demo for either NBA Jam or Need for Speed The Run, especially Need for
Speed The Run.
If you like racer games like it all, like check that one out because that's actually
kind of rad.
The snow level is pretty awesome.
Check out the demo because when you play the demo, you can attach an EA account.
And I would think if you could do that in advance, it might help against the hackers.
Like I'm not sure, again, nobody knows what they're doing besides charging up these money.
I think they're loading up Xbox Live accounts and then trying to sell them or something.
So I don't know what it is they're really doing.
So it's hard to say what measures to take to prevent it.
Well, what they're doing is I think is like you can download that content to your console
and then you don't need that account anymore.
It's like kind of downloading a full version of a game, I don't know.
I will say this, everybody I know who got hacked, none of them play EA sports games.
And it's just an interesting trend I'm noticing.
So go get your Xbox Live account attached to an EA account.
I hate that I'm telling you to go sign up for an EA account because in a perfect world,
I would be saying, clearly there's an issue here that nobody's admitting to, which is
infuriatingly difficult, but go do it because you don't want to lose $150 like one of our
other listeners did this week.
So please, please don't be like us.
Change your Xbox Live password now if you haven't already.
And you know what, take the extra precaution and attach an EA account to it through the
need for speed to run demo or any EA sports demo that's out there.
There you go.
Tekniss in our chat room disagrees with me.
Need for speed to run looks horrible, but it uses the EA login for all their games via
origin.
I played it on 360, not PC, so I didn't have the whole origin thing, but I kind of liked
it.
It was cool.
I don't know.
But I like racing games too.
I like arcade racers like that.
Like I can't do Forza or Gran Turismo, but I can totally do need for speed and burnout.
So that's just me.
All right.
Ikuma JP asks in our chat room, is EA the hacker?
Who knows?
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
They do like money.
Let's move on with some more gaming news, DarkSakura.
Well, as I mentioned earlier, this is a game that I've been playing sort of as DC Universe
Online.
It's gone free to play and it's been sending the game down for maintenance off and on,
which I've actually run into myself.
But you can actually go download it through the Sega Online Entertainment launcher and
the game's being revamped to handle the people.
And also their user numbers have hit 330,000 players, which is a 600% increase.
This is pretty crazy.
Meaning that everybody went to check this game out the minute it went free to play.
Yeah.
I mean, I was curious.
I checked it out.
I know a lot of people that did.
Don't care for it.
I'm not going to play it anymore, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't have paid for it.
I'll tell you this.
I would have been really pissed if I'd been paying for it.
I played it during the beta and I liked it enough where I would have played it more,
but I didn't want to be paying for multiple MMOs because I think at the time I was playing
the beta, I was playing for wow and something else.
And I don't remember what it was, but I, yeah, I didn't want to add another one into the
mix, so I didn't go through with it and I was really happy when they announced they
went free to play.
But then I heard the first day just that the servers are crashing left and right, which
doesn't surprise me.
So I'm going to wait.
Well, the login's taking forever and it would like freeze at the loading your character
screen.
I was just like, you know what, this isn't worth it to me.
I'm already paying for one game that I like and another game that I like is coming out
free to play.
So why am I worried?
I'll still check out DC Universe.
I like the idea that it's a console MMO.
I might get it on PS3, although all my friends are on PC, just because, I don't know, I like
the idea of an MMO on my console.
Kind of fun.
I like DC Universe well enough.
I'll check it out now.
It's free to play.
I'm not as humbuggy.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
All right, so this is kind of sad, I guess, but Silicon Knights, they've cut their staff
by nearly 75%, going from almost 100 people down to 25, and of course they just released
X-Men Destiny, which didn't really get that great reviews, and Too Human, which really
didn't get good reviews.
So yeah, that might be a good reason why they're cutting.
But yeah, apparently it has been confirmed that they had those layoffs, and although
they're saying that the number is actually maybe a little bit lower than that, because
they're also creating new jobs as well.
So I don't know.
It's interesting that these cuts have to happen, but I guess since they just finished the game
and it didn't do that well, so they can't.
Sadly this is kind of what happens a lot lately, which doesn't make the news any better to
report.
Yeah, I mean it's just, I'm not surprised.
I thought X-Men Destiny looked all right, but apparently it seemed rushed, and maybe
that's not necessarily the fault of them, but I kind of think it might be a little bit,
or a little bit to blame, because I mean look at Too Human, a game that was delayed and
delayed and delayed and delayed and delayed, and it still sucked when it came out.
So I don't know if more time would have actually helped them in this case, but it probably
didn't help that they were a little short in time.
I guess the silver lining though is that a lot of times when these studios have these
massive layoffs, the big people kind of go tend to form their own new company.
Like that kind of happened with Bazaar recently, which I still cannot believe that they shut
that studio down.
I mean I do and I don't.
Like it was horrible.
But you know, they go start a new company and it might turn out okay.
Another company that have some layoffs, Gameforge.
They're kind of known for doing some browser-based games, but also they dropped their staff from
450 down to 350.
And of course they've recently cancelled a few different games, Mythos and Hellbreed,
and I guess they're not sure if they're going to be able to finish now a, it was supposed
to be a free-to-play or a freemium Star Trek game, Star Trek Infinite Space, that they
were going to be co-publishing.
I wonder if Star Trek Online going free-to-play somehow ended up being a conflict of interest
with this.
Just a random thought, I don't know.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I mean it looks kind of cool.
I don't know much about it though, it's kind of the first time I've heard of it.
And of course their comment is, you know, through a more efficient, organized structure
we can optimize our use of resource and greater fluff, fluff, PR fluff, fluff, fluff, fluff,
trying not to sound evil and terrible.
Fluff fluff.
Yeah.
Which.
It's all of like, well we gotta cut costs so we're gonna have more people, or less people
doing more.
Yeah.
I've heard that one over and over and over again.
Yeah.
It's unfortunate.
Once you get down to like five jobs per person, then yeah.
Let's hope these guys maybe can team up with the other ones who just got laid off and hopefully
start a new studio that makes some awesome things that's better managed.
Let's hope.
Let's hope.
Mm-hmm.
Alright.
Anyhow, moving on with some more game news that hopefully is a little less depressing.
Well if you're a Sony fan this is actually pretty exciting news.
The PlayStation 3 is catching up to the Xbox 360 in terms of shipments.
Quarter 2, it was reported of fiscal.
Fiscal Quarter 2 2011, it was reported that Sony has sold 3.7 million PS3 units around
the world and that quarter ended September 30th.
So they have sold thus far 55.5 million units and they're improving.
Microsoft has 57.6 million shipped units worldwide.
So they're getting really neck and neck.
Sony could overtake this number two position depending on how the holidays and next year
goes.
Keep in mind we don't know if these companies are talking about what's called sell through
or sell in.
Sell through means all the way to the consumer at home.
Sell in means just on the retail shelves.
Either way though just I mean this news isn't that surprising just kind of looking out there
on the internet at the chat that's going on.
I see a lot more people seem to be picking up PS3s and not surprisingly a lot of it is
the same thing that drove the PS2 sales.
It's Blu-ray.
Back when it was PS2 it was the DVD except the problem was Blu-ray wasn't as widely adopted
when PlayStation 3 first came out as it is now and I think you get a lot of people that
are buying PlayStation 3s because they're relatively cheap Blu-ray players.
Not just that they're 3D Blu-ray players.
Yeah.
So people that are getting these 3D TVs are buying PlayStation 3s because like hey I can
play 3D movies and I can play Arkham City.
You know?
Honestly the games are getting better on the system.
They didn't have much for a while and now they're really getting the good ones.
Everybody in the gaming world gave PlayStation 3 shit when it came out.
Everybody except the very hardcore Sony fans.
It took them a long time but now they've made steady progress to try and get better.
I still don't think everything is all roses and sunshine like PlayStation Move.
Are they still trying with PlayStation Move Loki or did they finally just kind of shuffle
it to the back?
No they're definitely still trying.
Are they?
They've got a bunch of new games coming out and new bundles to try to drive PlayStation
Move stuff.
I mean looking at just the month of November you've got the GoldenEye 00 edition that comes
with the Move and all the Sharpshooter stuff.
Which that came out last week.
And then in a few weeks you've got LittleBigPlanet 2 Special Edition which is getting you know
Move support as well.
And then also they've added like a bundle that they're going to do with the Move stuff
with LittleBigPlanet 2 Special Edition.
There's also a bundle with sports champions at medieval moves deadman's quest.
And then that game is also coming out by itself from Sony Plus.
I petting friends.
That is coming out as well if anyone gives a shit.
And then.
And kids.
You know and they've got some new bundles and hardware stuff.
Maybe I'm just kind of like poo pooing the Move.
There's a lot of games that support it.
Everything I see is about Kinect.
And even then like this year I don't think Kinect is going to have the same impact this
year.
But honestly if I had a choice between playing a Kinect game and a Move game of the same
game.
I'd rather play the Move game and just it seems to be more accurate to me.
I really kind of want to play Child of Eden on the PS3 because I think that'd be awesome.
Because the Move stuff it seemed to work really well.
Kinect sometimes is just kind of eh.
But you know the dancing games are pretty awesome.
I mean I just can't really see myself playing.
It's becoming a one trick pony.
It's nothing but the dancing games that are remarkable.
You know.
Yeah.
Kinda.
Kinda.
And a lot of the games unfortunately I think for not so much with the Move because a lot
of people are developing stuff for the Move kind of do stuff with the Wii and they've
kind of gotten over that phase of hey look we make it you know where you can waggle to
do different things instead of pushing a button.
But how is the Kinect evolved a year later.
Like what are we seeing on the Kinect now that we didn't see a year ago.
Well.
Child of Eden.
And sequel saw the shit from last year.
I wouldn't even call Child of Eden that new because it's just an on rail shooter basically.
Yeah but it was.
There's plenty of those.
It was a type of game we didn't have last year.
But like has Kinect really changed gaming.
No and even the stuff that Microsoft is touting is kind of like oh look see we're gonna integrate
Kinect into these games and it's gonna be really unique and you know the head tracking
and stuff like that.
Okay the head tracking in Forza 4 is kinda neat.
I don't know if it works really well but it's a neat idea.
What they used it for Halo Combat Evolved Anniversary Edition is stupid.
Oh look at me I can actually use the voice command to switch between old graphics and
new graphics.
Who gives a fuck.
I mean that is stupid.
Why would I need to do that on the fly.
Or why would I need to yell grenade when I can push a button and it does grenade.
I mean it's dumb.
So you know if they had head tracking or something like that for Halo that'd be kinda cool where
you'd like you get if you move in your head it moves the camera slightly so that there's
a little bit more integration there.
I mean that could be really cool.
I mean they're just unfortunately the head tracking stuff that they're doing like with
a Forza 4 even like looking left and right that doesn't work.
I mean if you're moving your head a little bit and it's tracking your head and it changes
the camera's perspective based on where your head is that's kinda cool cause that's a little
bit of immersion there but I don't know some of the stuff that they're doing right now
is kinda useless.
But yeah there's tons of dancing games.
There's tons of sports games.
There's you know just stuff you don't really I don't know dancing and sports games is pretty
much it.
Well PlayStation 3 is gaining a little ground and I gotta admit like I don't wanna blame
the hack for this but I don't know what to put my finger on it with but I gotta say like
all these games I've been buying lately if they exist versions on the PlayStation 3 and
the 360 I've been getting them on the PS3 now.
Like I used to buy the 360 versions because multiplayer was so much better on 360 and
I have more people on my friends list over there but I haven't been buying a lot of multiplayer
games lately and I don't play that many games online so like Arkham City I have on PS3.
Disney Universe I got on PS3.
Dance Central well obviously that's only an Xbox game so that's what I'm using my Xbox
for right now but I gotta admit I can't put my finger on it but I've just been more drawn
to my PS3 lately owning both.
So this news doesn't really surprise me it's the better controller I think that weighs
a lot more than you think by the way Skyrim pre-ordered on PS3.
I do actually have to say that the PS3 controller is actually just slightly a bit more comfortable
for my injured hand.
I hate that Microsoft does not change that goddamn hideous D-pad outside of special edition
bullshit that doesn't count.
The D-pads alright and even the special edition stuff didn't really help but eh the controllers
are alright.
I mean I don't really give a crap about the or I don't really care for the convex trigger
buttons that are on the Playstation 3 but who cares you know it doesn't really stop
me from playing different games on these consoles.
Really I don't play anything on the PS3 real uh you know if I'm gonna buy a game it's because
well I don't really play with a lot of people on the PS3 online it's just I just don't do
it.
It's just too bad because I've got a lot of games that I have on the PS3 that I haven't
played yet.
Going to Salacious Pop in our chat room at chat.orangelandtrader.com Salacious Pop says
Kinect has actually turned out to be a great utility for special needs people the deaf
mobility issues whatever but as a household hardcore entertainment device I don't think
it really succeeded but the technology is really important in my opinion the blind not
the deaf he meant to say.
I get that and that's great and I do think the Kinect has made a lot of progress for
like you know accessibility issues has had a lot of the iOS stuff that's come out lately
um like Siri and all that but that's not what Microsoft's selling it as I kind of feel like
Microsoft hasn't delivered on what they promised it to us at that's great but just because
you know that happens to be a great perk about it doesn't mean that you know Microsoft's
really delivered on their promise of changing gaming you know I don't know.
All right anyhow I guess we'll move on to some more news Dark Sakura.
Well how about something about the 3DS that might be good news?
Super Mario 3D Land it's actually already out in Japan I believe and they say that it's
got new firmware for the system and it's basically supposed to make your friend list more functional
so you can join in a friend's game that's already in progress just with pressing a button
and it's actually just a brand new firmware as opposed to the scheduled one I think.
So now the 3DS is caught up to only being about six years behind in online gaming technology
with this new firmware.
Something like that.
Well it's good to see them making progress forward.
Yeah a little progress but they're not sure if it's gonna be out for the US one but they're
still waiting on hearing from Nintendo.
All right.
I would think it would be.
It is gonna be on the US one thanks to reviewers of the US copy already and not only does it
do all that fancy stuff it of course stops.
Well of course.
Piracy.
You betcha that Skyward Sword on the Wii when is that out by the way is that out today or
is that next week?
No.
That's awhile.
Is it?
I thought it was like soon.
A few more weeks.
Actually I think it's Sunday.
Two weeks from today.
It's only like three weeks until Thanksgiving so it's gotta be the 20th.
You know Skyward Sword is gonna patch up how we all hacked our Wii's to play Xenoblade.
No.
You don't think so?
No.
Really?
Yeah.
Why is that?
Because those patches don't mean crap.
The way they're getting in is not something you can patch out?
No.
You can take the patches off of those disks.
Oh I see what you mean.
So in other words.
But if somebody who buys it and just installs it as it is might get their stuff overwritten.
Well yeah I mean if you connect to even a system update stuff you're gonna get those
but I don't think any of that's gonna really matter.
Usually they could I guess do that but I don't think that they're going to.
In fact I'm just kind of curious here.
Just to see.
I'm wondering if Skyward Sword's already leaked out because.
Well on top of that even if it's not like people aren't going to find another way.
So I don't think it's leaked.
It's just one of those things I think is interesting that's all.
Yeah I mean they could.
I mean that'd be a good game for them to do it on.
I just to be honest though.
The PSP did that a lot.
To be honest with you Rob I don't think they give a shit anymore.
I just think I don't think they I don't think they care.
I think at this point they're like okay well we've done well I don't know we got a story
coming up I don't know.
I don't know Loki we'll see.
I think they're already moved on to the Wii U.
We'll talk more about it when we get there.
I think you're wrong but we'll we'll I and I was surprised to hear it too but let's let's
move on with the release dates.
We're going to travel around the world and check out what is coming out to a store near
you and as it is early November there's going to be a lot right Loki.
Of course.
And as I was telling you before how Activision gets behind really stupid toys toy things
for the DS.
We have two of them actually coming out today.
Moshi Monsters Moshelin Zoo on Nintendo DS and Lala Loopsie.
What?
Yes I don't understand what they are but hey.
Wasn't Lala Loopsie one of the Tinky Winky or one of the Teletubbies?
No it's not Teletubby.
Lala was a Teletubby.
Why do I know that?
Why do you know that?
I don't know why I know that.
This is my head full of random trivia but yeah so that is some weird toy that's popular
nowadays.
Some loop doll things.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Anyways let's cheer for Xbox 360 and Kinect.
There's a game that's for Kinect.
Metal Gear Solid HD Collection on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Ultimate Card Games by Telegames on Nintendo DS.
It's hilarious, a little bit of trivia here.
This game is like one of the only games this company is making.
It's been delayed for four years.
Four years.
And literally up till the last minute it keeps getting delayed.
Although they claim it's actually going to release this week.
The hell's the problem?
It's just a stupid card game.
I don't understand how you develop a card game for four years.
It's one guy.
And it's a port of a Game Boy Advance game which is hilarious.
One guy working there.
Seriously it's one guy.
And he's been in the bathroom half the time.
Champion Jockey G1 Jockey and Gallop Racer on the Wii and PlayStation 3 this week.
Also was delayed at one point.
Get Up and Dance on the Wii and PlayStation 3 for the move.
Cars 2 on PSP.
Sony is so desperate for product on the PSP.
They're literally publishing the Buena Vista, or I'm sorry the Disney Interactive game for
the PSP.
There's not a lot coming out on the PSP.
Bakugan Rise of the Resistance on Nintendo DS.
Self Defense Training Camp from Ubisoft on the Kinect.
Bass Pro Strike the Bundle.
They have that coming out this on the Wii.
And Little Big Planet Special Edition the Move Bundle like I was mentioning earlier.
That's coming out as well as the game by itself.
Spongebob Surf and Skate Road Trip on the Nintendo DS.
Gem Smashers on the 3DS.
Oh and the Spongebob games also on Kinect because these are all really awesome Kinect
games.
Big League Sports on Xbox 360 for Kinect.
Dawn of Fantasy on PC.
The Core Gang on the Wii.
Photo World on the DS.
Well actually it's the DSi, terrible.
Dage Gar or Dage Dar.
Once again another weird toy line that's coming to the DS.
Heavy Fire Afghanistan on PC, Nintendo Wii, and Playstation 3 as well as 3DS.
Outdoors Unleashed on 3DS.
You have Africa and Alaska, two different flavors there.
L.A. Noire the Complete Edition on PC and Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Santa Claus is coming to town because you know that old claymation cartoon really needs
its own game.
Wow.
That's on DS on the Wii.
And to go along with that, the perfect companion piece to that, Jaws the Ultimate Predator
on Wii and 3DS.
A game that you need to- Does it yet again have the niche?
You get to play as the shark!
Yes it does.
Oh boy.
Puppy's 3D on the 3DS by Ubisoft.
Nickelodeon Dance on the Wii and on the Kinect.
And let's see, Cave Story 3D on the 3DS.
Max and the Magic Marker on Nintendo DS.
Deepak Chopra Lila is a meditation game, or in other words, a game you don't need to buy
on Xbox 360 and on the Wii.
The Black Eyed Peas Experience on Nintendo Wii and Xbox 360 for Kinect.
Yes, if you've been counting, that's about four dancing games this week already.
Face Racers Photo Finish on the 3DS.
That looks terrible.
Raving Rabbids Alive and Kicking on Xbox 360 for Kinect because, you know, why not?
We haven't had a Rabbids game yet.
Ode to Media is excellent on Xbox 360.
Excited, excited, excited.
That's also available in a collector's edition as well.
Aha!
So there is something you're looking forward to this holiday season.
Just because Dan is, he'll shut up.
Michael Jackson, the Experience 3D on the 3DS.
Happy Feet 2 on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, 3DS, don't care.
Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012 on Xbox 360.
Air Conflicts Secret Wars on PlayStation 3.
Heavy Rain, the director's cut to re-release with all the download content on PlayStation
3.
Wappy Dog.
This is the game from Activision that includes a robot dog, much like the Aibo, interacts
with the DS.
That's coming out.
And it's also a $50 game for the Nintendo DS.
Jane's Advanced Strike Fighter on PlayStation 3.
Pac-Man Party 3DS.
Winter Stars on Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3.
Lego Harry Potter Years 5 through 7 on every goddamn platform out there.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, PC, 3DS, DS, PSP, and the Vita one that comes out.
Elder Scrolls Skyrim on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Shaking and Crying.
Yes.
And then let's see, Super Mario 3D Land one week from today.
And then of course there's this little game called Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 that'll
be out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo DS, and PC.
That is it.
That is it.
Alright, then let's move on to Japan, and the release is coming out over there.
On the PlayStation 3 on November 10th is the big day for releases this week.
Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker High Definition Edition, kind of their version of the HD Collection.
Sengoku Basara 3 Utage comes out as well in Japan.
That is, um, is that a version of, uh, god what game is this?
Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
No.
It's, um, something they have over here, it's by Capcom.
It looks like whatever, it's their answer to Dynasty Warriors is what that is.
Sengoku Basara 3 comes out this week in Japan.
Moving on to the PSP.
Hatsune Miku Project D.Va Extend!
Woohoo!
Yay!
Actually, I want that.
Really?
Yeah, I want the Project D.Va games.
As well as Ore no Shikabane o Kote Yuuke comes out this week as well.
You really want Project D.Va, huh?
Yeah.
She is coming back with more songs, more costumes, and more gameplay.
Oh, this is that one music game, I have heard about this.
It's kind of like, uh, uh, Guitaroo Man meets Anime Babes, kinda.
That's where that, um, quartet theme came from.
Yeah, yeah, okay, I got it.
On the Nintendo Wii this week, only Sengoku Basara 3 comes out on the Wii this week, as
you know, the Wii's dying down a little bit.
But on the Nintendo 3DS, Driver Renegade 3D in Japan this week, as well as Jewel Pets
Magic Rhythm Da Yeah!
That's really the name.
Da Yeah!
Da Yeah!
It's coming out this week.
And it is, the box is about as fucking pink as a box can get.
But my favorite thing about this box is that you have all these cuddly, wuddy little characters,
right?
But then look at this.
That's an angry fucking cheetah over there on the left.
Like, why are all these bitches crowding in my space?
That would devilize, man.
They got the creepy red eyes there.
This cheetah wants nothing to do with the rest of this cute fuckery that's going on
in the rest of the picture.
Can you put that on the Tumblr if I link you to that?
Yeah.
Orangeloungeradio.tumblr.com.
Well, if you don't want to, DarkSaucer, I don't know if you should do it.
Do it!
Put that on the Tumblr so listeners can see that.
I love angry cheetah.
Da Yeah!
But cheetah's saying...
The damn thing will ever pull up.
Cheetah's saying Da No.
Alright, on the Sony PSP, oh no, I already read PSP, derp derp.
That's it this week for releases then.
That's really it.
The Vita to look forward to on December 17th, though, in Japan, remember, they're getting
it this year.
Before you get to Tumblr, how about the UK release date, StarSakura?
Well, give me a second.
Okay, on the 8th, we have Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, blah.
On the 9th, there's Fighting Fantasy The Warlock of Firetop Mountain, Peggle on PSP, and Premier
Manager 2012.
On the 11th, we have Cave Story 3D, LA Noire The Complete Edition, Michael Jackson Experience,
My Self-Defense Coach, and Shinobi, Black Eyed Peas Experience, who gives a shit, Skyrim
on 360 PC, PlayStation 3, Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012, and that's it.
Now I'm gonna post stuff on angry cheetah.
Angry cheetah?
Yeah.
Alright.
I'm just saying.
Alright.
Moving on.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys, then we're gonna get to the classic game of
the week.
And again, I'll say this about the classic game of the week, it was one of those things
where when I saw what it was, because, you know, I co-host the show, I get to see what
it is before we start, I went, really?
We've never done that one before?
And sure enough, it's one of those games, like, this is a true fucking classic and it's
not on the list of games we've done before.
Go fig.
But, a couple more news stories first.
Loki?
Uh, yes.
So Nintendo, of course, they have a lot of patents for weird shit for the Wii and other
systems.
This one is a device that's basically a touchpad attachment and looks as stupid as it pretty
much could get.
It's basically this thing that looks like a periscope, and it would attach to the bottom
of, or actually it looks like the top of the Wii remote, somehow, and you would, I guess,
interact with the Wiimote's IR sensor using, it would detect where your fingers are using
this like mirror thing, almost like using the infrared camera that's in the remote as
like some sort of camera for your finger positions.
So think of it like, you know, instead of looking at the infrared lights that are on
the little sensor bar, it looks at your fingers.
But it looks so stupid, like so, so very stupid, but neat, I guess?
I don't really know what this would be used for.
They're saying that it describes like a mouse pointer or something like that, but man, it
looks so stupid!
I mean, seriously.
Well, but this, this, not ergonomically friendly at all.
This means that something's in the works for Nintendo that isn't Wii U, or is it?
I, well this, I guess, because the Wii U's gonna be the same controller, so maybe it
is, who knows?
It could be, but it looks like it folds down too, like so you don't have to use it all
the time, but man, you know, that's kind of neat that you can use it as like a touchpad,
but at the same time, I mean, the Wii remote navigates those menus just fine.
I don't think we really need to add more to it.
No.
Alright, well, also speaking of the Wii, and this is what I was referring to earlier, Loki,
when I said, I don't know, they're swearing that there's more coming for the Wii.
Reggie Fils-Aime was actually on record this week saying that Zelda Skyward Sword is not
the last great game on the Wii.
In an interview with a Brazilian site, which was posted on the internet, he was asked the
question, what's next for the Wii after Skyward Sword?
And he said, more good games.
Many people ask me if Zelda Skyward Sword is the last great game for the Wii, and the
answer is no.
Let's talk about upcoming games for the Wii in late December or early January, cough cough,
after the holiday shopping season.
Let's talk about that.
This, okay, this could be just fucking fluff.
Like it could be like whoopty shit Mario Tennis 27 or something, you know?
Like of course.
What's he gonna say?
Sadly, we don't have any good games coming out, but we do have some great filler.
Let's talk about, you know, thank you Reggie, let's talk about what's coming out in December
and January, shall we?
That's a great discussion topic right there.
Let's talk about what's coming out on the Wii.
We have The Adventures of Tintin, a tie-in game to an animated movie.
No one curr.
Hey, the French love Tintin.
And then we have...
No one curr.
Then we have, of course, the game from Nintendo themselves, Fortune Street, basically like
Mario Party, but with the Dragon Quest characters and the Mario characters in there.
Not really a game that people would even be looking for.
So in January, as far as I'm aware, eh, nothing.
So I mean, I'm sure there's some games coming out or something, but not anything notable.
For the Wii.
3DS maybe, but the Wii, no.
No, not even the 3DS.
I don't think...
Well, Mario Kart 7 for the 3DS, and then I also think that they have a version of Adventures
of Tintin.
Actually, if you give me a couple seconds here, I can tell you exactly what's coming
out.
1,000 to 1,000.
Literally a second there.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom says, I haven't bought a game on the Wii in four years.
ActDeaf says, I care about Tintin.
Yay for you.
This is me giving a fuck for you right now.
Tintin is awesome.
TechNist in our chatroom says, it's not the last, it's the only great game.
Just saying.
Yeah, I mean, it's...
Thank you, SSJ100Matt.
I'm throwing shade at Tintin, it has nothing to do with the movie.
It's just, you know the game is not going to be anything to scream about.
Let's be real.
How often are movie games that good, right?
Thank you.
They're not very good.
Okay.
Now, Alpha Kinetogram brings up a good point.
You're throwing shade at all this December and January stuff, but he said, let's meet
up in December or January and then we'll talk.
Meaning that maybe they're announcing more plans in December for what's coming in January,
which a lot of people are taking to mean, OMG, it's Last Story and Xenoblade and Pandora's
Tower, which you said on this show like four months ago is what would happen.
That despite the fact that they're saying, no, the games aren't coming now, they're going
to come out and be America's fucking savior.
Well, I thought they were going to do that at, you know, at like E3 or something.
Oh, I'm sorry, 3DS also had Dr. Lorak in the Forgotten Knights.
There's a Dr. Lorak game coming on 3DS?
Dr. Lorak.
Oh, Dr. Lorak.
Dr. Lorak and the complete knockoff of Professor Layton.
Oh, and National Geographic Challenge, my mistake.
The Wii is saved.
The Wii is saved.
Speaking of release dates, Nintendo is on record that they are purposely holding back
some of their upcoming 3DS games.
They're going to be releasing them in 2012 because it will maximize sales.
This actually makes sense though, to be honest.
Like you don't want to release everything right now because then the games are all diluted
or whatever.
Oh, that's awesome.
I can't wait for what other Nintendo 64 game they're going to fucking port over to the
3DS.
Well now hold on, hold on, because we know there's Luigi's Mansion 2, we know there's
the Kid Icarus game that they showed off.
Yes, Kid Icarus is coming.
And then wasn't there another big one that they had announced that got pushed back?
Who gives a crap about Luigi's Mansion?
The first one was kind of, ew.
I don't know, kind of looks cool, I don't know.
I won't spend $30 on it.
The only cool part was when you ran into the shadow that looked like it was hanging Luigi.
Well maybe they've incorporated elements of Silent Hill and Luigi will be horribly murdered
by some of the ghosts.
Somebody can dream anyway.
I'd pay for that.
Let me read you the quote here.
You want to hear something funny?
There is absolutely no Wii games announced for January at this point.
Alright, let me see here.
For us to provide software titles one after another, one idea is, isn't it possible for
Nintendo to stock some of its software titles instead of launching them as soon as the development
is completed?
Video games need to stay fresh, so it is not practical for us to put them on hold for too
long, but we think that some of them may be held for a certain amount of time so that
there will be a short interval between when they are completed and when they are launched.
We are taking on this sort of challenge for the Nintendo 3DS.
For example, when we look at the software lineup for the year-end sales season, it is
so dense that if we added any more software, the total sales would not increase.
Accordingly, we have intentionally delayed the launch of some software titles to early
next year.
Again, I'm not surprised by this.
That's the strategy.
Most people buy the game the week it comes out or they don't buy it at all or they buy
it used.
What, Loki?
I'm... whatever.
I don't see that they're gonna have any big... it's gonna be something retarded.
I'm sorry.
That they're gonna put out, you know, it's like... it's their next... their last big
game.
And you know what?
It's really not gonna be their last big game because if it's really, really, really good,
they're gonna fuckin' port that shit to the Wii U.
True.
Like they did with Zelda Twilight Princess.
So I mean, I don't know, yeah, okay, Nintendo's got a few games coming out, but I don't think
it's gonna be anything like, oh my god, this is the greatest game I've ever played.
Still though, I gotta say, again, I've played Xenoblade, and it is pretty good, and it is
ridiculous that that game is not out in the US.
There's no reason it shouldn't be out here.
There's a lot of games that they localized for Europe regions that... there was the one
it was Disaster Day in Crisis or something like that, that came out over in Japan, and
it came out over in Europe, and they completely localized it, and it was Nintendo published,
and they just... nah, we're not gonna bring it over here.
Let me ask this question.
I don't think this is something anyone's talking about, or at least if they are, I haven't
read it.
With all the talk about Nintendo's losses and so forth, do you think someone's about
to get ousted?
Do you think that we might see that Iwata gets thrown out, or Reggie Fils-Aime?
No?
No.
You don't think so?
Because a lot of this stuff... some bad decisions.
Not porting these games I think could be seen as a bad decision.
The shareholders?
Very pissed off that they won't make iPhone games.
But here's the problem though, who gives a fuck what the shareholders want?
They're stupid, okay?
I mean, no!
No, no, no, hold on.
Loki!
Do you hear what you're saying?
I mean, seriously, they sound like stupid fucking fanboys that are like, why aren't
you making Mario games for the Xbox 360?
I don't like you!
I mean, sorry, it's stupid to think that they should make games for their competitor, basically.
Yes, let me help my competition.
Let's give people more reasons not to buy our systems.
We're gonna put our games on other systems.
That's stupid.
And I'm sorry that... the real answer is, though, if the Wii U sucks, Nintendo's gonna
go the way of Sega.
They're not gonna go the way of Sega.
They're gonna lay low for a while and they're gonna come out with another system.
They're gonna go the way they did with, like, the Nintendo 64 and the GameCube, where it
just didn't do that hot.
It'll survive.
People will buy it, because people eat up gimmicks.
That's why Skylanders is doing alright, because people eat up gimmicks.
And by doing well, I mean they've sold 20,000 copies per platform, which is not very well.
But I don't know.
I think, though, it's stupid if their shareholders want them to make iPhone games.
It's not stupid that they shouldn't have, you know, some cheaper priced games on their
marketplace to drive sales that way.
And yeah, I do think they should get into a market where they have some, you know, 99
cent games, because I think that's what people eat up.
And they're more likely to purchase that stuff.
Yeah the quality might not be as good as your Nintendo games, but I think that they're okay.
And you know what?
Some people like Angry Birds.
Actually, a lot of people like Angry Birds and that kind of stuff, and those are 99 cent
games.
Or even like Fruit, you know, Fruit Ninja.
Simple concept stuff that doesn't take much to develop and you sell it for a cheap price
and people get addicted to that shit, and you sell tons of download content.
But I think it's stupid for them to be expected to make iOS games.
That's just dumb.
But yeah, I could see them maybe coming out with some good games.
I don't, honestly, the bring over, the last story and stuff like that, even though it's
sometimes like, oh man, this is gonna do really well.
All these hardcore fans are really into, you know, these games.
I think they missed the boat.
I don't know.
I think that they've seen what, you know, these companies, like Mad World and stuff
like that, these games that are appealing to the hardcore crowd, and they just don't
make sense for them to bring over, because to publish them, it's just, it's expensive
to bring it over here.
Now, at the same time, I don't know why they've brought over some of the Dragon Quest games
and stuff like that, because I think those are appealing to a hardcore audience, but
I don't think they sell that well, I mean, they're not selling millions of copies of
these things.
All right, well, we're gonna close with this thought here from our chatroom at chat.orangesonstrated.com.
Kaijuto says, Nintendo has been in the game too long to fall.
They'll be back.
We'll see.
All right.
Ironically enough, we're gonna lead into the classic game of the week, which was picked
before tonight's show.
Just keep that in mind.
A time when gaming life was simpler and, you know, we didn't have all this talk and podcasts
that would be cynical about what the shareholders want and all that stuff for these companies.
We just play games.
When we were still in high school and would hide in our room and play it all day.
So Dark Sakura, when you were in high school, what game did you go in and play all day?
Super Mario World, which I was so surprised we haven't done before.
I could have swore we did.
I thought we did too.
It did Super Mario World 2, which was Mario's Island, wasn't it?
Yes.
Which was not nearly as fun as this one.
Yoshi's Island.
Yoshi's Island.
It was all right.
It had the stupid crying baby.
That was annoying.
So yeah, Super Mario World is the game.
Yay!
And it was subtitled as Super Mario Brothers 4 for the Japanese release.
I kind of love this music.
This is my favorite music in the game.
This game had such great music and it was all done by Koji Kondo too, did you know that?
It was, of course, designed by Shigeru Miyamoto, who is the man.
And it's basically Mario and Luigi have to save Dinosaur Land from Bowser.
And so they go all the way across these seven worlds to save Dinosaur Land.
And it had different power-ups in it, like the cape, and of course you still had the
fire flower, and you could ride Yoshi, and Yoshi was awesome.
So anyway, it was pretty much, you know, you had your overworld and you could go into the
different levels, and you had your super mushroom, which is the other one I forgot to mention.
And then Yoshi had all these different powers, like if you got the different colored Yoshis,
like the purple Yoshi, if you swallowed a shell, he could just keep flying forever.
And then if he was red, then every time he hit a shell, he would burp fire.
And then there was the yellow Yoshi, wasn't it, that had the stomp, wasn't the stomp.
Can I interrupt for a minute?
Go for it.
This game is so fucking good.
I know.
Like, like even just watching this YouTube right now, I'm like, oh my god, like so many
years of my childhood playing this game are just like flowing back, like I really want
to just stay up all night and play this fucking game, and not go to work tomorrow.
Damn responsibility.
I was like, I can arrange that.
I know, seriously, Jamie, we need to pick a day, we need to figure out a way to stream
to the interwebs from your house on the TVs and all that, and just fucking play this,
Guardian Legend, all the fucking games we love as kids, and somehow ask people to donate
and make it a charity thing.
Halfway through this game, you will hear me cuss up a fucking storm because of the dirt
level, you know, where it has the, I call it the dirt level, when it has the shifting
sand, and you'll either get crushed to death or get caught in a wall or something and get
crushed to death again.
So yeah.
So anyway, basically, you also, you go to Dinosaurland and you're on vacation and Peach
gets kidnapped, as usual, and so they find an egg and they meet Yoshi, and they find
out that evil turtles have imprisoned everybody.
So basically, this, I mean, if you haven't played this game, get out from under the rock
you've been, you know, hiding under and go freaking play it, because it's awesome.
I love the end of it, and it's mode 7-tastic via the fight with Bowser.
And man, there was just so much to do in this game, it was so much fun.
I really can't get over, and there were different ways to end each level, like, you could get
the key, and you would put the key in the keyhole, and the keyhole would get huge and
then eat you, and you could climb up the bean stalks like you could in the original Super
Mario Bros. and Mario Bros. 3, and you had the ghost houses that had the boos in them,
where if you turned your back to the boo, then the boo will follow you, but if you look
at him, he hides his face and he's really cute.
I have a Boo Mario keychain, did I tell you that?
It was just so much to do, this game is so much fun.
So let's go ahead, though, and get to how we've seen this today.
And on top of that, I really, I know I've mentioned the music before, but you know,
Sony did the music processor for the Super Nintendo, right?
Yeah, you know, the Playstation was damn near the CD-ROM for the Super Nintendo.
Yeah.
I really, I really think that this game makes the best use of the music synthesizer in the
system.
So, um, yeah, you also had the P blocks that would, you know, change your thing and change
the type of ending that you get, all kinds of stuff, it's so much fun.
And the Star Road.
The Star Road was sparkly and freaking hard, because you had three different ways to beat
the Star Road, too, it was crazy.
So yeah, so re-releases, there was, um, Super Mario All-Stars came out and it had this packaged
with it, which is basically the exact same version as what came on this mess anyway.
Um, however, a little bit of difference in it is that Luigi had his own sprite, so that's
kind of neat.
Um, Super Mario World came out, um, on the Virtual Console as well, and, uh, it also
was a demo of the game that was available as one of the masterpieces in Super Smash
Bros.
Brawl.
Um, Super Mario Advance 2 Super Mario World came out and, um, it was just one player only.
You could still use Luigi, but it was an alternate of Mario and he could jump higher than Mario
but run slower.
And they have voices.
The interesting thing, too, about Mario World 2 is that even though it was, like, so different
and on paper it sounds terrible that they made all these changes, it really stands on
its own as another great fucking 2D game.
Like it's a-
It's the same game, just with a little bit of tweaks.
It's an outstanding game.
Yeah.
Um, and they also changed Luigi's sprites to make it a little bit closer to the Mario
Advance style.
Um, like I said, Koji Kondo did the, um, music, um, and, uh, he also did all the variations
on it.
So there was, like, the Waltz version of the music that played slower in the caves, um,
the underwater version, all kinds of different ones.
And he basically, um, and, uh, when you ride on Yoshi, the soundtrack on the levels have
banjo drums.
Did you hear that?
Yeah, oh yeah, you can hear it in the background right now, actually.
Yeah, I always thought that was awesome how, like, the music changed, depending on if you
were on Yoshi or not.
Can I read a quick comment from our chat room?
Uh, it was a Tiger Claw on chat talking about Mode 7.
I remember when you fight Bowser at the end, he does that thing where he flies towards
the screen.
It was really cool back then.
So we got an early taste of Mode 7.
Oh yeah, that last boss fight was epic.
Yeah, but really easy.
It was really easy.
But, like, you spend the whole game challenge to get there, but sort of the last boss fight
is more of a relief.
Yeah.
I mean, and it's not a short fight.
You just have to have good timing.
It was in multiple phases, and the part where the little thing he's riding starts bouncing
doesn't get kind of hard, but, I mean, yeah, at that point, like, if you're good enough
in the game to get to that point, then it's, um, oh, I loved the, um, Scary House music.
And I turned it up.
And the fence.
That was the others.
Oh my god, I loved the fence stuff.
And, you know, that was in all of the commercials too, remember?
This game is so fucking good.
And you could punch them in the face through the fence.
That was so awesome.
I loved punching them in the face.
Oh god, I totally forgot about the fence parts.
And then, oh, look, the flip around, flip around ones, oh my god.
I know, I know, I know.
Oh my god, okay.
So, how about, um, we get into some of the other little stuff that has to do with this.
How about Asshole Mario?
You remember Asshole Mario?
I remember Asshole Mario.
Is there a YouTube I can pull up of that real quick?
Uh, I'm sure there is.
Yeah, it won't matter, because they won't see.
You'll have to Tumblr it or something.
Well, look up, though, one of the music Mario World.
Because, um, or you can just keep playing, I don't care.
Oh, the Thwomps.
Those are awesome.
Um, okay, so Asshole Mario is basically, um, ROM hacks of, um, Super Mario World, where
it's not impossible, but it's freaking terrible, because you have to have perfect timing and
be able to, to, uh, cut out a little so short, um, but you really have to be careful and
have your timing perfect.
And you keep dying over and over and over again, you just have to have a million men
to get through it.
But, yeah, if you want to see, um, an exercise in futility, look up Asshole Mario.
And then, um, there's another one where people would basically have, this thing is like an
autoplay, is what it was called, the Mario autoplays, where they actually have, where
all you do is you start the level, and Mario will start walking on his own, you basically
do it through means of an autoscroll level.
Oh, that shit was funny.
Yeah, look up, look up, um, autoplay, I think is what it is.
But, um, he would, it would play rhythm along with whatever, uh, the music was in the background
level.
I think this is one, isn't it?
This YouTube's called Super Mario Autorun.
Uh, it doesn't, it has some weird music in the background, though.
Yeah, it's doing it to different music.
Can you turn up just a little bit?
Put that on the Tumblr, so people can see that.
I will.
Yeah, that's the first one I ever saw.
By the way, that's what we're using Tumblr for now, is that all these little things we
see during the show, that way you podcast-y listeners can go back and have it all in one
place.
Yeah, but basically they'll take music and they'll set the game autoplaying to all of
this stuff, and just the amount of time and thought and rhythm that goes into this is
just absolutely baffling.
These people have no lives, but it's really cool.
S.S.J. 100 Matt linked to Asshole Mario in the chat room, so I just want to remember
how fucking terrible this is.
Um, Asshole Mario.
It's like you just start to feel sorry for these people after a while, because it's like,
oh my, you could, I swear, there's been times when I've watched those and I just want to
go, oh, I'm so sorry, oh, I'm so sorry, and then feel like crying because you can feel
like it's happening to you.
No, I'm laughing, because this stage just starts out right off the bat, Bullet Bill
in your face.
If you're not ready for it, it's going to get you.
That's awesome.
It's crazy.
Anything else that you were going to say about this?
No, it's just that Super Mario World is awesome, and it's clearly created such a legacy, you
know?
Oh yeah.
So, I'd say it's well worthy of being our Classic Game of the Week.
If Mario 3D World is half as good as Super Mario World, it'll be a great purchase.
For real.
So.
Alright, your Classic Game of the Week, Super Mario World, a true, true, true classic.
I mean, the classic, and just shocked as hell that that has never come up before, so what
a find.
Alright, anyhow, that's going to do it for Part A of Orange Launch Radio, but don't go
anywhere.
We're not done yet.
There's still half a show to come.
We've got plenty of news to talk about still.
Your emails are coming up, the FUs of the Week, your Twitter topics at Twitter.com slash
O-L-R. Much more news in the second half of the show, including, I find this crazy, which
PopCap game might they be making an arcade machine out of?
That could be something else, huh?
Rapid Fire News and all that fun stuff when we come back after a quick break with more
of Orange Launch Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Launch Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, November the 6th of 2011, with the second half of episode
number 434 live tonight, as we are every week at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
We are on at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show.
We love Bobby.
He's one guy doing an NPR-ish style show, where he talks about games and has live call-ins
as well and so forth.
And one thing he was talking about-
Except without being boring.
Yeah, he's not boring.
Yeah, he's not.
Not at all.
It's like one of those like really thrilling NPR shows, like Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me
or something like that.
Does it exist?
Yes.
Okay.
They have some fun podcasts.
You should check it out.
But anyway, one thing that Bobby was talking about on his show tonight that I guess it's
coming up a little later in our show, so I apologize.
I'm stepping on it a little bit, but maybe Loki can find another story to fill in for
it, because I want to talk about this.
And that's the Mass Effect 3 beta that came out.
And I guess some things are being reported out of that whole Mass Effect 3 beta, that
there's going to be new modes in the game, that there's not just going to be like a normal
mode, right?
But that there'll be a mode in the game that focuses more on the combat features, and then
a mode that focuses more on the RPG and dialogue features.
And I got to admit, I'm not usually a Mass Effect fan, but I find that shit really exciting.
Like you know, combat's okay, but I'm way more into the story elements and all of that.
So if there's like an RPG only mode, like I'm really excited about that.
Loki, do you think that's good for the game, for the series or what?
Sure.
Probably won't pick it up anyways.
You get it anyways, just because?
No, I will not get it.
Oh, you're not going to get it.
Why not?
You're just not a fan of Mass Effect?
I'm not either, but I find that really interesting.
I mean, and to be honest, I'm not hating because I think the games are bad, it's just again,
there's only so many games that a person can play at a time, and I just never got into
Mass Effect 1 or 2 as much as other people love them.
I watched somebody play 1 and I was kind of like, it doesn't really look like something
I'd be into.
And I mean, I don't know, I've enjoyed other Bioware games, I've played like Dragon Age,
so who knows?
Alright, well let's get into some rapid fire news.
We're going to cover some news stories really quickly because there was quite a bit of news
this week.
It is a busy time of year.
Loki, we'll start with you.
Capcom believes that Resident Evil Revelations is going to be worth $50, and that's $10 more
than your regular 3DS game, in fact even Nintendo games like Super Mario 3D Land and Mario Kart
7 are only going to be $40.
But Capcom thinks, hey you know what, Resident Evil Revelations should be $50.
And it will support the circle pad, which will be coming out of here later on.
For another $20.
And they were quick to point out, yes you can reset your save game this time.
Oh well thank you Capcom, thank you so much, that was very gracious of you to let us do
that.
It's amazing why they need the extra $10.
A true console experience on a handheld device is what Resident Evil Revelations is.
It's also going to be, it requires a 4GB cartridge resulting in a higher price point.
Yes because those extra, you know, gigabytes are more expensive.
You know, I don't know what cartridges cost, but I know when it comes to flash memory,
an extra 4GB on flash memory, 4 versus 8, like a few bucks, a couple dollars.
Flash memory is really cheap, Capcom, I'm not buying it.
Really I'm not buying it.
I'm not going to buy your game at all.
So, meh.
And of course if you're interested, it comes out in February.
Of course there's going to be a new Rainbow Six game coming from Ubisoft I'm sure.
Miles is probably a ways away, but Rainbow Six Patriots, outed by the new Game Informer
cover, is going to be kind of a game that deals with, you know, terrorism set in our
own country, and kind of like home grown terrorists I guess.
No real details, but obviously they're saying there's a lot of splits in, a lot of, the
word's escaping me now, basically a lot of different narrative directions, they said.
Tactics and realism, they kind of go in the whole double, was it the last conviction route
I guess, the Splinter Cell game, more realistic and gritty, versus the last Rainbow Six game
was Vegas, a little kind of over the top I think, but they still, I don't think it's
coming out any time soon, maybe the fall, because we still have Ghost Recon Future Soldier
which is supposed to be coming out, and I don't think you'd want to compute two Tom
Clancy games, but yeah I can see that coming out maybe, yeah they're saying 2013, so that's
still a ways away, but it looks pretty cool, I never really played any of the Rainbow Six
games, I did play a lot of Ghost Recon stuff, so it should be interesting to have to check
it out I guess.
I think Dan played a little bit of that and he liked it, Rainbow Six, the last one.
And not surprisingly, with all the Kinect hacks out there, Microsoft is actually thinking
about marketing Kinect for PC, and Kinect for Windows is going to be the new marketing
campaign I guess, they're actually going to be doing, it's an official website, where
developers can download newly released beta 2 software development kits, and allow people
to make different software and apps that will use the Kinect camera, and you know it might
be interesting, maybe someday, and I'm not sure if this is going to be something that's
in Windows 8, but maybe they're going to have a lot more integration with PCs with the Kinect,
maybe even so far as building in a Kinect camera into a laptop or something like that.
I could see that happening actually, I don't know why, but the Kinect at close range, that's
the only thing, who plays the PC from far away?
I understand that, but maybe they could adapt the Kinect camera to have it like, okay, there's
going to be one that's like, I'm sitting in front of my laptop, versus I'm sitting 8 feet
away from my laptop.
Yeah, true.
And for some of the accessibility reasons that SalaciousPop had brought up in a chat
comment earlier, I could see where Kinect getting built into the PCs would be more useful
than like, what we think of in our minds right now when we think of Kinect, like Dance Central.
You know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
It'd be neat.
Especially some of the voice commands and things like that, especially with some of
the early stuff of Windows 8, where you see that it's going to have a mode that's very
dashboard-like or tablet-like, I'm sure you've all seen that.
Yeah.
Gonna be interesting.
So the Kinect could control that.
Well, I can see, yeah, definitely, because the Kinect controls that already in the new
dashboard, so they could just adapt it exactly the same way.
True.
Moving on to some other stories here, Techland has trademarked Dead World.
Why is this important?
Because they're the folks that made Dead Island.
So immediately we're all thinking, hmm, maybe there will be a sequel to the game that just
came out recently that did pretty well.
Did pretty well, came out at a good time, and a lot of people were into this, so going
from island to the whole damn world makes a lot of sense.
So we'll see more on that, probably at E3 next year, if it ends up that it's legit.
Or maybe they're just trademarking it, just in case.
You never know, but usually these things end up being the game.
Yeah, I would imagine that they're making a sequel to a popular game.
Walmart's getting its own game magazine, which, you know, game magazines do pretty well for
stores if GameStop is any indication.
But what's interesting is that the folks behind it is going to be EGM Media, of course, Electronic
Gaming Monthly.
The new magazine will be called Walmart Game Center.
They're not saying it's going to be monthly, they just say, quote, regular frequency.
So maybe that's just, you know, monthly during the busy periods and twice, you know, every
other month or whatever during the not so busy periods, who knows.
It's going to have news, previews, interviews, and other exclusive stories on gaming culture
and the most important game releases.
In other words, pretty much the same shit you can get on the internet right away.
So it's making it very difficult for magazines right now.
But if they can get the good exclusives and takes on gaming culture, certainly it could
give GameStop some competition.
And although I'm not a big Walmart fan either, I'm all for giving GameStop a little competition.
They are going to offer this on personal computers, iPad, and Facebook with what's called the
Screen Paper Publishing Platform.
I guess that's a proprietary thing to EGM.
Very interesting to me that it's not on the iPod or iOS, iPad magazine thing they have
now because you can get Retro Gamer now on your iPhone.
Did you know that?
It's all part of that newsstand thing that came out in the new iOS.
Granted, you have to pay five bucks an issue or whatever it costs normally on the newsstand.
But it is, you know, they got to adapt and get with the times and a lot of people are
doing reading on their iPods and iPads.
They're going to adapt and get with the times, maybe lower that price point.
Yeah, that would probably be a good idea too.
But you know, I guess maybe Dark Sacred could tell you it takes a lot of work to put those
magazines together.
I could totally tell you that.
Now I think this is funny.
This is a very tongue-in-cheek, very sort of game.
It's an indie game that just came out on Xbox Live Indie Games and the indie game developer
is Ben Kane.
It's called DLC Quest and I love this trailer so I'm going to play a little bit for you
guys.
Maybe we'll get it on the Tumblr too.
Going Loud Studios put this out and here's the trailer.
What happens when DLC goes too far?
DLC Quest.
The basic features are now DLC.
Pausing the game?
DLC Quest.
Animation?
DLC Quest.
Moving to the left.
Well, that's included.
No, it's not.
DLC Quest.
Collect coins and buy DLC.
It's simple.
DLC means downloadable content and Quest means Quest.
DLC Quest.
We got map packs, night map packs, sexy outfits, hats, and zombies.
Yeah, we even got horse armor.
DLC Quest.
I think there's a princess or something to rescue too.
I don't know.
**** you.
DLC Quest is made with satire.
Satire means the use of humor, irony, exaggeration, or ritual to expose and criticize people's
stupidity.
DLC Quest.
Download it now.
See, now, I thought that was funny.
That was funny.
Here's the thing.
The satire part is, and what you can't see unless you're actually looking at the video,
is that the guy is walking around collecting coins in a very Mario-esque kind of game,
so the quote-unquote DLC is that you're using these coins you pick up to get the ability
to move to the left and get sexy princess outfits and horse armor and all this stuff.
I think that's funny and it is pretty good satire.
What did you think of that, Loki?
I don't know if you've seen that before.
What?
It's pretty funny.
Yeah, it's pretty funny.
So, I don't know how much that costs.
I didn't see...
Oh!
80 Microsoft points.
A buck.
Good for you, dude.
A whole dollar.
I think you'll sell some copies with that.
Why not?
Why not?
Good for you, dude.
All right.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
A couple things.
Actually, new Xbox Live Arcade game is Alan Wake.
It's going to be available for Xbox Live Arcade and it was announced on their Facebook page.
It's not a sequel.
It is the game.
Also, there is a country music pack for Rock Band 3 that's got a lot of crap in it.
And I mean crap because I hate country music.
It's called Going Country Pack 5.
It's Shelly Wright.
Yeah, but couldn't you call stuff like Sweet Home Alabama country music?
No, Southern Rock.
There's a difference.
Sorry, my bad.
There's some decent stuff in here.
The night the lights went out of Georgia is Reba.
There's Sugarland.
There's also Going Country Pack 6.
That's Billy Currington, whoever the crap that is.
George Strait.
I mean, hey, Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire, Justin Moore, who cares?
Going Country Pack 7.
Dude, Johnny Cash.
Keith Urban.
Hey, Lady Antebellum.
Merle Haggard.
Now, Merle Haggard's pretty awesome.
And Going Country Pack 8 has Dwight Yoakam and Rascal Flatts.
Going Country Mega Pack, all of the above, and all the other stuff I didn't say, and
it's 20 bucks.
It almost makes you think that at some point they were gonna do a country rock band release
and didn't end up doing it because they had like all these songs.
This is a lot from getting it once.
They did two country rock band track packs.
Yeah, they did the track packs a while ago.
I guess maybe this is just a virtual version of that.
I don't know.
The only one of those that I care about is Johnny Cash because Ring of Fire is awesome.
Yeah, Johnny Cash, he's above country music.
He's godly music.
And then, you know, Ring of Fire was in the Silent Hill movie.
Yeah, but still, Ring of Fire is just a great song.
I'm giving it another...
I see, a little video game connection.
I'm wearing my Silent Hill shirt.
You are.
You are.
Pyramid Head is attacking your boobies on that shirt.
I've enjoyed it all day.
And speaking of Silent Hill, there actually is talk that Silent Hill may be going off into different spin-offs.
I haven't really said exactly what, but there's been mentions of maybe an RPG or a first-person shooter.
They did have that arcade game that was kind of a shooter, wasn't it?
Yeah, and it was the iPhone game.
I wish the iPhone game was pretty awful, but it was an early game.
I wish they would port that arcade game to, like, Xbox Live Arcade or something.
They also said that Downpour, though, was never going to be a first-person shooter.
The quote is, and this is coming from, let's see, Tom Hewlett, who's a senior associate producer on Silent Hill, Downpour.
It says, Downpour was never going to be an FPS.
This is just the result of some overzealous fans reading too much into a posting on Vatra's website.
How about make Silent Hill cool again?
Seriously. For Sakuriyamoka to come back. Throw a lot, a lot, a lot of money at him.
That's what you could do.
And grovel. Groveling helps.
Some comments from our chat room at chat.orangehunter.com.
A lot on the country pack, the dark soccer I mentioned a minute ago.
Brad from Pod Culture says, when is this country pack due out, or did I miss it?
Did you save the date?
No, I didn't.
It's this upcoming week, right?
Yeah, I think so.
So, that'll be out very, very soon. It's not like something like Way in the Future.
It is, I just pulled it up. November 8th is when this is all out.
Going to other comments, Legend of Zaku says, needs more achy breaky heart.
Please no.
Unless we have the Weird Al version. We need a Weird Al pack.
That would be awesome, actually.
He's gonna be in Oakland in a couple days, or maybe it was tonight.
Ugh, damn.
If there's no writing going on or all that.
Let's see, Tigerclaw says, going country? Will there be other genres, like going dance, going rave?
Well, as neat as that idea is, keep in mind, it is gonna have to make use of all the instruments somehow.
Now, there are some songs that will exclude a keyboard or a bass, but keep in mind, it's gonna be really hard to do a dance pack.
Unless it has guitars.
But like, they could do like CNC Music Factory, Everybody Dance Now, because it had that...
I guess they could probably get creative and figure something out. We'll see.
Alright, let's move on to some more news before we get to the mailbag and the FUs of the week, and your calls pretty soon here.
Loki.
Yes. Now, one of the features of the Playstation 3 has been to allow people the ability to share content.
Or at least you can link your content that you download to up to five different PS3s.
I would imagine that's if, for example, you own multiple PS3s.
Or, for example, if you have a PS3 that dies and you wanna bring that content to the new PS3.
And they figure that you're not probably gonna go through five PS3s.
Well, people have been using that to share games.
So say, for example, I download a game and I can share it with four of my friends.
Because they all download it to their console using that sharing feature.
Kind of exploiting it, if you will.
Well, beginning on November 18th, Playstation Network licenses can only be tied to two PS3s and two PSPs.
Apparently, they're saying that that's gonna affect purchases made after the start date.
And while you'll be able to deactivate and reactivate consoles online, the days of sharing with a bunch of people is now gone.
And so, honestly, I think that's fair.
I mean, because people were kind of abusing it to begin with to get free games.
And if you can deactivate consoles, like say, for example, your console dies or whatever, and you can reactivate it on a new console, I think that's fair enough.
So, yeah. Go Sony.
I'm kinda not surprised. They're clamping down on it.
Five did seem excessive and they're probably privy to all these people that have formed these little clubs about sharing the codes and so forth, or sharing the content.
So, I'm not too surprised.
Two seems reasonable. One downstairs, one upstairs, or one in the bedroom, one in the living room.
Well, and the fact that you can deactivate them, too. I don't know if you could deactivate the ones when it's five.
Oh, good point.
So, that would be... I think that's fair.
That would be good if you fry one PS3 and you have to get another one.
You can add it onto that and you can deactivate it once you get the new one.
Very true.
So, that's good. And not too surprising that they've clamped down on that.
But again, that's not retroactive, right? So, any old games you've already bought are under the five license.
That's right.
So, the clubs aren't really getting shut down. It's just, you know, you're not gonna be able to do it much longer.
Yeah.
Well, here's one of the games that you won't be sharing with five different people, which is too bad because it's gonna be a pretty big party game.
Now, if you've ever played this card game at a party, you know how much fun it can be.
Apples to apples. Have you ever played this?
Love it.
Yes. This is the game where you have a card on a green card and the green card is some type of, like, verb.
Like, I don't know, like...
It's usually an adjective, I think.
Yeah, like an adjective. Like...
Tasty.
Yeah, tasty. And then the red cards all have, like, nouns on them. Like, the 90s.
Or the card that will always win every round, including, like, tasty.
You put down Helen Keller. Always wins the round, right?
And then, because everybody votes on which card is the funniest for that.
Well, this game is going to be coming out for PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade this holiday season.
I'm gonna play the shit out of this.
CHQ is doing it and apparently they're gonna be adding this social and online connectivity.
You're gonna be able to play this anywhere, anytime.
It's gonna be interesting to see how it works because, you know, it's not gonna be the same online that it is in person, but...
Or that it is drunk on pineapple malibu in the hotel room.
There will be single, local, and six player online play.
You're gonna have golden apple cards.
How do you play single player?
It's kinda dumb, huh?
Golden apple cards, which will be used to change the rules.
There's gonna be Facebook support as well.
Download content. Of course, more cards and all the same stuff you saw in Uno.
800 Microsoft Points, $9.99 on PlayStation 3.
And the game will be expanding to Facebook and so forth later on.
It's one of those things where, like, God, I love the party game.
But online, like, if I'm not playing with friends, I don't know how this is gonna be much fun.
Like, with strangers, it's gonna be stupid.
You know what I mean?
You know what would be awesome?
What?
Uh, what was it?
Eat Poop, You Cat.
Oh, yeah, God. Explain that game real quick.
That's a fun game.
Eat Poop, You Cat is basically, uh, visual telephone, I guess.
You start off by writing a phrase, and you pass it to the next person.
They draw a picture of that phrase, and then you basically obscure the original phrase,
and the next person tries, they write a phrase based on what the drawing is,
and it keeps on going from there with, you know, more drawings and phrases and so forth.
Until you get to the end, you're like, what the hell?
It's really obscure.
It's a really fun party game, and it's pen and paper.
You don't need anything else.
It's great.
Yes, but it'd be awesome to see.
It turned dirty so fast.
You have to do it on the DS or something where you can draw.
But, uh, yeah, apples to apples will be interesting.
It would be cool, like, and if this is what they're talking about, I'm not sure,
but, like, if the Xbox can play Facebook, that might be interesting,
because it'll make it way more likely that you could actually play your friends,
but I'm not, I don't know, I'm not giving them that much credit.
That seems kind of complicated.
But it would be really cool if they could get that to work somehow.
So, there you go.
Apples to apples coming soon.
Let's, uh, go to our mailbag.
Every week you guys send us e-mails, and Dark Sakura opens up the mailbag
and reads them.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us e-mails.
We got a few.
All right, good, because we were off a week.
A few.
So, first off, hey guys, Molten Brown here.
I heard you talking about rugby games last week, and I felt I had to chime in.
I've been playing rugby for six years now, and it is awesome.
I am really happy with the increase in rugby games this year,
considering how popular this sport is worldwide.
Regarding the increase, I may be because the Rugby World Cup is going on right now.
I would say more, but I'm not feeling well, so I'm just going to peace out.
Later, Molten Brown.
Aw, feel better.
I mean, rugby is awesome, don't get me wrong,
but you got to admit, it is a little weird.
Like, rugby doesn't quite get 
Violent.
It's an ESPN2 sport, let's put it that way.
I'm not knocking it.
It's awesome.
It's just, you know, not 
Only in America is it an ESPN2 sport.
That's true.
That's very true.
But it is surprising that all of a sudden all these rugby games are coming out in America,
but you make a good point about the Rugby World Cup.
I mean, if it's on people's minds, then they're more likely to buy the games.
Good point.
All right, next one.
Hey guys, have you seen this?
It's dragcave.net.
Some of them miss adorable dragons in someone's signature on the Jim Butcher forums.
Anyway, you click on them or view them to help them hatch and grow.
It has its own Wiki.
I haven't had time to really look into it too much,
but I'm hoping to hatch my little signature eggs.
Any tips if you guys have played it?
It strikes me as a much nicer sort of Neopets.
That's from Holly.
I was just about to say, I'm hearing Neopets, but interesting.
So it's something you, like, put it in your signature and you get a lot of clicks
and people hatch it.
That's a good, um, that's a good get people on our website scheme.
It's kind of smart.
Yeah, it is.
No, I've never played it.
I looked at the site.
It looks kind of neat, but no, I haven't tried it.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Yeah, I can't say a whole lot on that, but I'll have to look at it.
Okay.
We got one from Rababa.
Rababa.
The paranormal pinball table is apparently free on Xbox Live Arcade this week with only
a few days left when you broadcast.
The pinball on PSN has had it for months.
I know the narrator of the game is supposed to be a Sam Spade sound-alike, but it is clearly
the actor who voices Peter Griffin on the Family Guy.
Oh my.
Still, it's a fun table that may be guilty of trying to do too many things at once.
Apparently, let me see if I can see it.
Wait, isn't Peter Griffin the creator of the show?
Seth.
Yeah, Peter.
It's Seth MacFarlane.
I don't think they would have got him to do a video game.
They must have sound really similar.
I'm looking at the table itself, just for a moment, and it kind of seems to me like,
yeah, it's trying to be sort of like Twilight Zone.
Although the ramps are crazy on it.
Wow.
Yeah, I'm pissed I forgot to get this.
It's probably like a knockoff of Twilight Zone versus whodunit, you know?
Anyway.
Okay, we have one from, I'm just, oh, it's from CD Thunder.
Okay.
Hello, Alara, I went to the mall recently and played in the game room for a while.
During my visit, I noticed that two of my favorite games were gone.
CarnEvil and House of the Dead.
At least you have a game room still.
Yeah, at least you have an arcade with actual games.
I figured they were gone because of the sale the game room was always having.
The prices looked outrageous.
One was going for 800 bucks.
Lastly, I got a DS game with all four original Sonic the Hedgehog games on it.
Keep up four original, oh, maybe Spinball.
Keep up the good work, sincerely CD Thunder.
Or maybe Sonic and Knuckles.
Could be 3D Blast.
Maybe.
Do you know I have two copies of that on Saturn?
Do you really?
How funny.
Yeah, the whole sale of arcade games, too.
I mean, you see that, what's that place at the Metreon?
Tilt was selling a bunch of games.
And yeah, usually they are going to be a couple hundred dollars.
I mean, keep in mind, dude, you got just a whole game console slash television
slash stand-up cabinet slash fancy controller all dedicated to one game.
That does cost a couple hundred bucks.
You can look at Craigslist.
You can find a lot of old arcade games for that kind of price.
But yeah, cabinets are about that price.
And the more elaborate, the more expensive.
Someday when I have a house, I'll have some arcade machines.
Someday.
All right, so are we ready for the next email?
Yes.
Okay, hello, OLR.
Since we are near the release of Sonic Generations this Tuesday,
I thought you guys would like to compare some of the music from the game.
Yeah, there's remixes up.
Rob, you should probably pull up this email because the remix is on here.
Sure, I'll pull it up right now.
But it has a classic remix of Speed Highway from Sonic Adventure,
which was one of my favorite pieces of music in that game.
A modernized Green Hill Zone, Chemical Plant Zone,
and a classic rooftop run from Sonic Unleashed, which I think I played.
Also, it's worth pointing out the 3DS version of Sonic Generations
out on November 22nd has its own set of levels to make it unique.
Okay, turn this up so I can hear this.
I approve.
I've been hearing a lot of good things about Sonic Generations.
I'm just going to post this one on the Tumblr.
Go for it.
It's also worth pointing out the 3DS version of Sonic Generations
has its own set of levels to make it unique from the PC 360 and PS3 versions.
I hope you and your listeners enjoy sampling these tracks.
Good day.
And this comes from Full Brazilian.
Ouch.
Oh yeah, the Green Hill.
There's a Chemical Plant.
All right, last one.
Chemical Plant Zone.
I'll skip ahead a little bit in the song here.
Whoops.
Come on.
But I really like that Speed Highway.
I want to see the gameplay.
That's pretty sweet actually.
Yeah, I saw a little bit of it.
I really do want that.
Because it looks like it's really going back to some of the Sonic Adventure stuff.
Which Sonic Adventure is probably one of, it's on my list of favorites.
Okay, I've got to be honest.
I haven't been paying this game much attention because let's be real.
Can we all be real for a minute?
Sonic's been really shitty for a long time.
And, you know, like especially once Sonic 4 kind of came out and it was kind of thud.
You know, like I just kind of say, oh, Sonic game.
I'm sure it's more shit.
But I got to say, I'm looking at that.
That looks nice.
Let me look at another.
Now that I'm fucking on this, I want to see another little video here.
I'm doing a tutorial here.
I think this is that same area.
Let me skip ahead a lot here.
All right.
Well, I'll go ahead and read the next email if you want.
Yeah, I'm entranced by the Sonic video.
It looks pretty awesome.
Yeah, because it's sort of.
God, it makes me want to barf from all the motion though.
It goes from like a 2.5D to a full, you know, Sonic Adventure style.
Yeah.
Really want, actually you know what game this makes me think of right off the bat?
What?
Sonic CD.
With how fluid it is.
I want to hear from the chat room.
If you guys in chat have been playing this, is it good?
Like is this a Sonic game that I should be paying attention to?
Or is this one of those things that looks cool, but it doesn't play so hot?
It looks like it plays pretty classic though.
All right.
So shall I go ahead and give you the last two?
Yes, please.
Sorry, I'll close the video.
Keep watching.
I don't care.
Weeks after Cliffy slammed a site for giving Gears 3 an 8.0, the big sites are running stories about gamers criticizing Uncharted 3 getting an 8 score as well.
Am I off base here, or do you think the more the vocal gamers, disregarding the factors that lead to the number score, are more willing to accept a 4 out of 5 rating as being a great game over an 8 of 10 being an 80% or an 80%?
Keep on Robert M.
It really is a matter of numbers and perception because with a 4 out of 5, you've got that 4 so close to the top line, but then an 8 though has two more levels of gradation between it even though it is in theory the exact same rating.
So I think it's just a matter of perception.
People are easily swayed.
Don't look at the numbers.
Look at the content.
That's what I have to say.
It's ironic because one of the things I got linked to in our chat room as you're reading that email is the Metacritic for Sonic Generations.
So I'm kind of taking a look at some of the scores.
It has a 77 on Metacritic, which, you know, I don't...
You have to really watch these websites because you're not going to necessarily agree with one or the other.
But some people on here...
It has 77 overall.
Nobody's rated it anything higher than like an 8.5.
But some folks are saying it's good, it's polished.
But then some of the people that are dogging it a little bit like say it's not as good as colors, it's not very creative, and it feels like filler.
And saying that it's just they're shoehorning old Sonic games.
Interesting.
Of course, if they want me to spend 60 bucks on it, it's got to be better than average, right?
So...
Maybe we'll get some calls on that later.
I don't know.
Anything else in the mailbag?
Yes, we do.
Alrighty.
Um...
As soon as I get back to the email...
Okay, um, the last one is, um, hi, OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood spazzinator.
I really don't have a gaming-related topic for this week's show, but rather I was hoping that the three of you could possibly send out a happy birthday wish to a first-time listener.
Nope.
Yes.
Alright.
This is Angie, AKA Gigi, whose birthday is today. That's 11-6.
I couldn't possibly ask for a better friend than her, thanks in advance.
Okay, happy birthday, Gigi!
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to you.
From Orange Lounge Radio.
You need to come up with an OLR birthday song.
It's your birthday! Good for you!
It's your birthday, here's some poo.
Happy birthday, for reals.
There you go.
Actually, or there's this.
Hold on, let me see if I can do this here.
We could do happy birthday this way.
Come on, play.
Play, fool!
Oh, this is so weird.
Fail.
I'm waiting for someone to click the freaking play button on this.
Here we go.
It's Happy Birthday on Mario Paint.
Do you know something, Rob?
I tried.
Did you know something?
That that song actually is still under copyright law, and that if more than 25 people perform
it in public, you can be sued for public performance.
Oh, well, you know what you're gonna get from me?
Nothing, because I'm broke.
How about some farts?
Exactly.
I can spare that.
I have farts in your general direction.
Okay, that's it.
I played under 30 seconds, that's fair use.
All right, that's it for the mailbag.
Send us emails, we'll read your emails, and I guess now we'll do your birthday wishes
on the show.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Because Jamie's nice.
Again, Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Don't catch her when she's in a bad mood or she'll tell your friend, so what, it's your
birthday, screw you.
And maybe, just maybe, she'll mention you during a segment we call the FUs of the Week.
My FU of the Week goes to the cold that I've had for the last two weeks, especially since
I got sick at Disneyland.
And a secondary FU goes towards, um, and it's, I'm really trying to be understanding and
thoughtful, but learn how to package an InDesign file, please, instead of having me have to
go back and fix all of the damn work because it was not packaged properly with all the
proper link syntax, oh fuck you, InDesign, fuck you so much, I love you, but fuck you.
I'm done.
Loki?
Um, FU to Activision, Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3, it's always a pain in the ass every
goddamn year when it launches, just with all the regulation, and this customer can't have
it this time, and everybody's calling and bitching, and I'm gonna sue, and blah blah
blah, and yadda yadda yadda, and so, yeah, fuck you to Call of Duty.
Um, my FU of the Week goes to the country fried steak I had this morning, because seriously,
deep fried steak, like, what the hell's that?
Um, but, um, no actually it was really good, that's why I'm giving it an FU, because, um,
FU to the fact that I'll have to play, like, two hours of Damn Central 2 to work that off.
FU to good tasting food being so bad for you.
Alright, more news stories, and then we're gonna get to your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
but not just yet, we still have some more news stories.
Loki?
Yes, um, of course, one of the things we like to complain about is pay to unlock content,
basically content that's DLC that's already on the disc, and so, one such game, the high
profile game you might add, um, that has such a thing would be Gears of War 3, and of course,
uh, the creator, um, Rod Ferguson, is, uh, defending why they do have, uh, pay to unlock
content, or DLC that's already on the disc.
Can't wait to hear this.
Uh, basically saying, I love this, we're not saying everything on the disc is product,
uh, the disc is another delivery mechanism, so basically their thought is that, um, because
the game was actually done back in the spring, and they kinda held it until the fall, um,
they had already created some of this download content that was gonna be put out there, um,
and basically, um, you know, uh, they wanted, the first piece of download content had some,
you know, guns and maps and stuff that they needed to have, uh, the data for, for people
that didn't buy it so that you could play with those people and whatnot, um, instead
of just having you download all that again, they just put it on the disc to make it easier
so you didn't have to download everything, but obviously going forward, any other download
content will be, the entire contents will have to be downloaded, um, you know, they
said, we felt it was a win-win, because no one was going, no one is going to have to
download anything huge when the DLC comes out, um, but, I mean, I understand that, but
I think, you know, the whole problem with people seeing this is, like, you get things
like with the Catwoman DLC and stuff, where it's just, like, it's already on disc, but,
you know, obviously if you didn't buy the game new, you have to pay to unlock the content.
Well, you do have, like, 200 megs to download, because I just did that today.
There's, it's downloading something.
Okay, so that is download content.
Well, okay, Katamari.
Yeah, the beautiful Katamari.
The beautiful Katamari had, you know, a lot of pay to unlock levels and stuff like that,
and it's not, you know, it's not the first game, obviously, to have that kind of stuff,
but people kind of seem insulted when, you know, there's stuff, you know, you finish
it and you put it on the disc, you know, you could have just added some more content for
the release game instead of just releasing what you had back in the spring and then adding
some download content later on that I had to pay extra for, for stuff that's already on disc.
That's what the complaint is.
One of the comments there, I think the thing is that makes it money for people is when it's on disc.
We could have left it off and, you know, hey, there's, here's another disc,
but they believe that they did the right thing.
So, I don't know.
I'm sure they're gonna make a shit ton of money anyway, you know, it doesn't even matter.
But it's just, I don't know, it's just kind of frustrating, delivery mechanism.
Well, I mean, Ridge Racer did it with all their music.
It was all unlocked content.
I remember those, you know, having the keys, Dead Rising has costumes and stuff.
It's, there's a lot of games that do it.
And I think it's kind of lame because you're like, you have this stuff done.
It's not like the game was, I mean, I get some games are delayed or purposefully held
to come out at a certain time, but not all games are like that.
There's a lot of games where it's like, okay, we added some extra, you know,
DLC content like the Earth Defense Force expansions were already on the disc,
all those weapons, and they're charging people for it.
Can we take a minute to praise somebody that did it right?
And that would be the folks behind Burnout Paradise.
And you want to talk about combating used game sales.
Well, the way you combat used game sales is to make people want to keep the game
and not want to sell it back by doing regular content updates.
Dude, what if you'd, instead of having, you know,
people pay to unlock the additional content that's on the disc,
why not slowly unlock that content over, you know, every couple months,
something new unlocks, give people reason to hold on to their games
and not want to sell them used.
What a novel idea.
Or, you know, then you have also, besides the slowly unlocking content,
you have some really cool download content later on that, you know,
it's like, you know, people that sell their games back are like,
man, man, I really need to buy that again so I can buy this download content.
That's good download content if, you know,
you're willing to re-buy that game to play that content.
Spaznator PC in our chat room says, this begs a question, though,
at which point will we have $60 for a game,
and then pay additional money to unlock the whole game?
How about the new Mortal Kombat game that came out?
I mean, you had to pay money for the extra characters.
I mean, I guess you could say that's extra or whatever.
But how about Arkham City, the Catwoman stuff?
I guess you could say, okay, well, the code does come with the game,
but, you know, there are a bunch of trophies and story elements
that if you don't have that code, you're not going to get.
Or, heaven forbid, you got one of those boxes where the code is missing.
Even though, I guess, Warner Brothers has a little workaround,
but still, it's an awful inconvenience to the consumer.
Battlefield will have the same problem?
Oh, yeah.
So, I mean, sure, there'll be more maps for Halo and, you know, whatever.
It's amazing. If you just think of the long term,
I bet you could use game sales easy
by continuing to provide the regular content to keep it exciting.
Arkham City, for example.
You beat the game, but you haven't finished the game.
There's so much more to do.
Right. Let's see.
There is a big show coming up in a couple weeks
where they show a lot of arcade games,
and one of the rumors going around about this upcoming arcade show
is that Bejeweled is going to show up as an amusement title.
Yeah, apparently one of the biggest casual games ever,
Sega Amusements, is supposed to be showing this.
Now, this could just be a huge rumor, but they are saying that Bejeweled
could be just like Fruit Ninja, Infinity Blade and so forth
that could be making its way from a casual game to the arcade.
Here's my question. Is it going to spit out tickets?
Because that seems to be the only way the games last in the arcade these days.
What would you guys think of a Bejeweled arcade game?
I wouldn't play it.
I like Bejeweled, and if it spits out tickets,
it'll be a good ticket-spitting game.
I'm really sad that I'm admitting this,
but otherwise would I pay to play it in the arcades?
Not unless it gives me some type of experience I can't get at home,
which I doubt, unless it's like, I don't know,
really somehow touch-based and somehow really fun and different,
but I just don't see how many ways you do Bejeweled.
Don't get me wrong, Bejeweled is a great game,
but is it worth 50 cents to play good?
Sure. So, we'll see.
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news,
Dark Sakura, while I try to get the livestream up,
because we crashed again. Hooray!
Aw, boo. Well, LEGO Universe is going away.
Aw, so sad.
Because they're not getting enough players.
They haven't got enough players and enough paying subscribers,
so LEGO Universe is going to be closing on January 31st, 2012.
And they are also going to be closing the Playwell studio,
which will be laying off 115 people. Sadness.
That is sad. Again, more job losses. That's sad.
But I didn't even, okay, this is sad,
but I didn't even realize LEGO Universe was out.
It was supposed to be this big MMO, right?
It came out about a year ago.
Was it supposed to be out on DS or something?
Like, it was supposed to be an MMO on the 3DS or something?
Am I crazy?
No, you're thinking of...
Oh, what is it?
The one that's like Grand Theft Auto.
It's LEGO City Stories, which I will be buying.
Ah, that's it.
I will be buying LEGO City Stories.
Okay, I gotta confuse LEGO City Stories.
Alright.
But yeah, it's basically not enough players,
not enough paying people, so they can't afford to keep it open.
Interesting that they didn't decide to go free to...
Oh, no, they already were free to play, weren't they?
Oh, bummer.
And the quote says,
It has not been possible to convert a satisfactory number of players
to paying subscribers.
In other words, ain't no one playing this.
No, ain't no one paying for it.
They just want to play the free stuff.
Sure.
They don't want to pay for content.
They just want to play the free stuff.
I'm curious to see if DC Universe is able to make money.
That'd be interesting.
Oh, I'm sure.
Well, of course you have so many people that already bought it.
And if you pay five bucks for it,
for, like, content,
you get an account upgrade.
The same thing as with Star Trek Online.
That's why when I start Star Trek Online,
I'm automatically going in with the middle-level account.
Oh, that's cool.
Because you've paid for it in the past.
Well, apart from, yeah, my subscription,
I bought Cryptic Points
so that I could get
the extra uniforms
and the other ship and stuff.
But honestly,
I haven't spent more than 20 bucks outside on that game.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys,
and then we're going to get into
the Skype line and your Twitter topics
at Twitter.com slash O-L-R, so last chance
to get those in. Loki.
Ah, yes. So, as we mentioned
before, the Mass Effect 3
beta has
leaked out.
Apparently, there was a private
closed beta for Mass Effect 3,
and somehow they kind of
accidentally threw it up on there for everybody to download.
And, you know, it gives
people access to both
single-player and multiplayer sections of the game.
And, of course, because of that, there's been
lots of screenshots and whatnot
showing, you know, different things
like origin support, multiplayer character
creation, level selection,
stats,
you know,
new user interfaces and whatnot.
So, uh,
neat. Of course, the game
will be coming out in February.
It's not February, March. I know it's
spring.
Lots of stuff coming out in the spring.
Alright.
Well, yeah, Mass Effect's going to be a huge one, though.
But, oops on that leak, right?
Yep. Not much.
It's not really a closed beta if you put it out for everybody.
Well, that was a Microsoft booboo
from what I understand. Man, I would be
pissed if I were them.
So.
Alright, moving on to
one more story for you guys, and
this goes back to the music games.
DDR, of course, getting a new version.
But they're redoing Second Mix. Remember, we talked about
the new arcade mix that's going to have Second Mix inside it?
Well, to celebrate Dance Dance
Revolution X3 versus Second Mix,
there's going to be a new
Second Mix soundtrack that includes
remixes. They are remixing
Keep On Movin' by Y and Co.
Y and Co.
Put Your Faith in Me by
DA's Twinkly Disco Remix.
Trip Machine, the
Zack Nonoglide mix, Brilliant
to You, the AKBK
mix, and Paranoia,
the KST mix,
and Love is the Power, Reborn.
I don't remember a song called Love is the Power.
I think it was one of the menu ones.
Oh, that's why. Got it.
And apparently there's going to be a special
DVD that has videos
for Butterfly Boom Boom Dollar
and Brilliant to You. Interviews
with Naoki, Yuwan,
DJ Taka, Y and Co,
so on and so on. That's all coming out November 30th
is when the soundtrack comes out. That means the arcade
game is going to be out soon. I kind of
want to go play it just to play Second Mix mode.
Forget these newfangled
songs. You know what, Rob? What?
I can hook up the Dreamcast, and we can play
Second Mix. It's just not the same as
Dance Battle, Rob. A pretty high-def TV.
Because didn't we have a story a couple weeks ago about
how they were redoing the graphics in HD
and all that? And it sounded kind of neat.
You know, for us super music
game nerd fans, it sounded super neat. You know what?
What? I completely
forgot that it was on my phone, but I
actually giggled in my car the
other day because Love came on my iPhone.
Oh, really? I forgot I had the whole
Sonic Dreams CD
when it came out. Nice. Very nice.
Alright, yeah.
In our chatroom it says, Love is the power is the ending
of Second Mix, isn't it? Yeah, I think you're right. Now that you're saying it,
I'm like, yeah, that sounds right.
There you go. There you have it.
Let's move on to the Skype line.
1877 Game O-L-R
or a username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio. We are, after all, the
show where every gamer has a voice.
So give us a call if you want. OrangeLoungeRadio
on Skype or 1877
Game O-L-R.
Meanwhile, let's go
to some tweets.
On the Twitter, NicoNicoChan
tweeted us this week at Twitter.com
slash O-L-R and put, Have any
of you played the game Hyper
Dimension Neptunia?
Does this sound familiar to anyone? Yeah, it does
sound familiar. It's on the PlayStation. I
had to read up on it. It's on the PlayStation
3 and it's kind of like,
well, this is what I thought was
interesting. It's the console wars
as represented
by female
anime chicks.
Yes, there's that.
I didn't expect anime chicks to be female. There's two
things that made me think this was very interesting
and one of them was the fact that it's by the company
Compile Heart
which is actually the dude that used
to lead Compile, I guess made this company.
Now granted, he left in like 2006
or something like that, but I don't know.
It kind of gave me hope for like
just half a second that maybe just
possibly someday
it could come, they could come back with
they could come back
with another version of the Guardian
Legend. I would hope so.
Or at least another
Guardia game.
Maybe the franchise
could totally work, touched up for the
modern era. Right. Yeah.
So I was going to try to bring up the YouTube
but we're having to deal on the podcast right
now with the internet feed
being down, so I can't even bring up YouTube
because our internet is completely down right now. We're not even
live. Live listeners can't hear us.
So I'm left with nothing but Twitter because no one
can call us either.
So let me go to Twitter. I'm keeping an eye on it Rob.
I know, thank you.
Going to Surtur on the Twitter says
I have a new Android phone. What are some good games?
Free or money?
Love OLR. Thank you.
Android games. We all
have iOS.
I have a shitty Android
so I don't play anything on there.
Well I mean
a lot of the games that are on iOS are also
on Android so
I'm sure there's
pretty much a lot of stuff crosses over.
I can't think of any Android
specific games that
I mean if you have
a good enough Android phone I guess
so there's also the PlayStation Suite stuff
where you can play old PlayStation 1
games.
MNZeba on Twitter
Minecraft
if you're into that.
That's your thing.
MNZeba had sent us a tweet saying
OLR I found this while I was walking
around Coles. There are so many things
wrong with this. I can't bring up the picture again but
I actually thankfully I looked at it before
we recorded
tonight and it was like a picture. It was like a duck
hunt game. Yeah I saw that. Did you
see that? What the heck was that? It's like a duck
hunt. I'm assuming
it was one of those plug and play kind of style games.
Yeah. Or something. It just looks
derpy. It looked a little weird
but not completely out of character
or you know whatever for those plug and play
games.
Quick we need a filler topic. I need to
relay a message to the chat room real quick.
Is this resolved? Oh are we
able to come back then? We're connected again.
We're up again? We're up again.
Oh we are. We are
up again. We're just not on
the chats.
I'm not up yet. I'm showing you the
chats. No we just came back on the
feed.
So there you go.
Alright so we're coming back. Sorry
podcast listeners but the fun and joy
of doing live radio is that sometimes
your interwebs gets all screwed up.
So we were just reading through
some tweets live listeners
and we were on that
duck hunter game that MNZeba sent us.
Now I can see the picture. It says
indoor outdoor duck hunting game.
It is not a plug and
play thing like I originally thought. I guess
this thing actually launches
fake ducks into the air and
you can shoot them. But they say it's safe
and fun. But god if you had all
those projectiles going around the house
wouldn't that be kind of a bad idea?
I wouldn't do
it inside. I wouldn't do it
inside either unless you have like a huge
studio empty bedroom. It makes me
think though. The dishes are done
man.
Alright now I can go
to some of these links that
Tigerclaw sent us because I wasn't able to pull them up
before. But on the Twitter. Twitter.com
O-L-R. By the way Skype line should be back as you
guys are reconnecting to the feed.
1877
game O-L-R or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio
Tigerclaw had sent us a tweet. Apparently
some bandits stole six
thousand copies of
Modern Warfare 3.
In France a truck full
of copies of the game was hijacked
by professional thieves.
The truck was driving through southern Paris
on Saturday and it was rammed by
another vehicle. Two men emerged
from the colliding car with knives
used tear gas to
subdue the driver and got
away with six thousand video games
which they are valuing at four hundred
thousand euros. That's
crazy. But apparently the game was
Modern Warfare 3. So if you see
some early copies on French eBay
you know where it
came from. French eBay
get it?
So
there you go.
No not French eBay.
Alright moving
on to another tweet here from Tigerclaw
one more. Where in the world
is Carmen Sandiego is being turned
into a live action film?
Is this trolling? Because
seriously I clicked on this and
Walden Media and
Jennifer Lopez
are teaming
up to do Where in the World is Carmen
Sandiego? Please say this
is a troll post.
Are you trolling us? Is this
trolling on Twitter please?
Walden Media
they're the guys that did the
Chronicles of Narnia right? Has acquired the
rights to turn Where in the World is Carmen
Sandiego into a live action film involving
Jennifer Lopez.
I guess I could see like
like physically that kind of looks right
but
it could
be an interesting movie but I wonder if they're going to
make it just like a straight up kids movie.
I think that's where they would go with it.
You know like kind of like Inspector Gadget
or something like that.
I don't know. That's what I kind of think.
Although I will say this
if it doesn't have this as the theme song
then I don't
if it doesn't have this as the theme song then it doesn't
count.
Can you imagine
Jennifer Lopez featuring
Pitbull just ruining this fucking song?
Alright. At a theater near you soon
apparently.
Alright. Again the phone number
1877 game OLR username on
Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to
give us a call. And that's all the tweets too. Let me reload
just in case things came through and we had the
internet downtime that we
were having. Did we
go down again?
This is terrible. What's terrible?
I looked up a little bit more
information on that
Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego thing.
Here's the film's log line they say.
What's a log line?
I think it's like the pitch basically.
When the ACME agency's
greatest detective Carmen
Sandiego becomes the world's greatest
thief it's up to her former
partner to follow her
clues and track her down.
Their cat and mouse game leads the partner
to confront a greater mystery
is Carmen really a thief or a
hero?
Oh great. So Carmen Sandiego may
not end up even being like you know a villainous.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Alright.
That is it for
the tweets tonight.
I'm gonna try re-logging into Skype
because some folks are telling me that they can't see
us on Skype and it might be because we
went down while we were on.
Yay internet issues. Live radio.
Do we have any last minute stories
or other stories we didn't get to in the show tonight
that we can fill a little time with while I try
to get the Skype line working?
I like pie and cake
and ice cream and
fire and um
Okay we're up. We're getting calls. There we go.
It's finally working. Hi. You're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's Shane.
Hey. Shane AKA Miklatov right?
Sure. What's up?
Nothing. Just playing some while.
Oops. I'm holding down shift and talking in vent.
Who are you talking to in vent?
Us talking to Todd. We're playing a dungeon.
Oh I see. Even though you guys live in the same house
and he's upstairs.
Yeah. He's upstairs. So it makes it so I don't have to yell.
I see. Alright. That's fine.
Um.
Anyway. What was I talking about?
Was I talking about anything yet? Because I don't think I was.
No. You were talking about
playing WoW and then calling into the show.
Oh. Yeah. I'm calling because
you said I should call because of Sonic
Generations. Oh yeah.
Because we actually own it. Do ya? How is it?
Yes. It's pretty fantastic
and I want to add
for a Sonic game after that
but it's actually just a
pretty good game. Now the Metacritic
scores were kind of fair.
Fairly good I guess. Not like spectacular
but like it's alright. It's pretty
good. It was kind of what Metacritic said. Well the thing is
with you know a 77%
I think you said it was
that is you know
average. It should be average at least
if you go by like the
like a school grading scale
or it's well above average if you go
by a regular grading scale but
regardless it's a nice throwback
to classic Sonic and the way that
Sonic 4 was but a little bit better.
Um.
And
the best part about it to me is
all the music because
like say you're playing
a Sonic adventure level
and you're playing as new Sonic
and then you go and play as fat old Sonic
it changes the music
like one of them went to like a synth poppy
song because obviously if you're
playing on a Genesis you would not have
that style CD quality music.
What's the whole twist with the new and old Sonic?
Like I seriously don't know. I have not been following this game.
There's like some
evil force and it
messes up time and you get
thrown around
so am I correct in thinking
they yet again are cashing in on
nostalgic Sonic? Oh yeah
because from what I was
watching Todd play and it looks like
the first three stages are from
Sonic 1 the next three are Sonic
oh no sorry the first three are Genesis
era so it's Sonic 1, 2 and 3
and then it's like
um gosh dang it
I want to say the next is Dreamcast
and then the next ones
after that are like the newer Sonic
games. So it's like a Mario Kart game.
A Mario Kart
oh like you saw the old track stuff
yeah yeah kind of
um but seriously it's all about the
music when I heard
uh just random
and to me awesome vocal
songs from like the Sonic
Dreamcast days I got really excited
because I
think those songs are amazing. So it's nostalgia that
works for you then? Yes and I'm not
even a huge fan of Sonic in the least
but it is pretty
neat. Alright well I'll have to check it out. Is it
still 60 bucks though? Yes
it is. Well off and on
like um at work we had it for
39 for a few days
that's not as bad. Still
there's too many games to play right now. I've got to play
Arkham City is really good and then I
play Skyrim. I have that and uh
I've played it it's okay. You don't like
Arkham City? What's wrong with you?
It's just Batman
I'd rather
be playing the Uncharted. But it's goddamn Batman
Alright
uh anything else you want to talk about that you're
doing in the gaming world?
Um well I already talked about the
Old Republic stuff on Horde House
so. Which everybody should listen to. Hordehouse.com
it's LulzyWarcraft even if
you don't like Warcraft you get to hear dick and fart jokes.
Yeah that's terrible
um but
uh
Uncharted 3 like is getting
I guess somewhat
okay reviews not like oh my god
outstanding like the second one
and for when I've played of it so far
I kind of agree
which makes me sad because I am a huge
Uncharted fan. I even have an Uncharted
3 standee in my basement
that I stole from work.
Okay I got to know more about this. I forgot Uncharted
3 was out this week. Again another freaking game
I just don't have time to play.
Uncharted 2 was so so so
well received and had so many people
excited about the third one.
Oh yeah. What's the misstep for you?
Why are you not feeling it? Is it because maybe it's
too much more of the same or is it like did they
do a change that doesn't feel right?
Well I don't want to give
a lot of spoilers away of course
because that's mean and I don't
I haven't beaten it yet so
from what I've played so far which is probably about
six hours
um it feels like
like
okay the step from one to
two in the series was
drastic and amazing.
This one feels like they took all the
good parts of two and then
like the combat is a little
bit better if not a little bit harder
um the graphics
are better but the story
just isn't quite
there. It seems to be
everybody just saying
you know hey Nathan Drake why
do you chase treasure? You're stupid.
Okay so it's not like the
story is not nearly as gripping
as previously. No not at all.
And they're using all these and
you know the stories
aren't realistic in the least
and the first game had like
Nazi zombie mutant things
and the second game had these
Aztec-y big bulky
guys that drank some
liquid that made them super buff
but this one's using like
like technology you would see in
James Bond and
it just isn't doing anything for me.
Interesting.
Speaking of James Bond didn't those GoldenEye
remakes come out too this week? Yeah they
did. Oh my god. Yeah. Busy week.
And the PS3 one has like a
move bundle that looks pretty nice.
Interesting. Alright
well meekles off I'm gonna let you go. Do you have
any other thoughts for listeners before we get more calls?
Nope. Alright.
Well have fun on vent doing quests.
Okay. Good times. Bye.
1877 Game OLR or a username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you would
like to give us a call.
Some folks in chat chat.orangeloungeradio.com
actdeft I think he's talking about the
Sonic game in our chat room says
$30 on Steam. That's not
nearly as bad. That's
I can check. And I wonder if during the
holiday sale it'll be dirt cheap.
That's the thing with Steam games. Dirt cheap during the holidays?
I'm on it. Yeah I know seriously right?
That's where I'm at.
1877 Game OLR
or a username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
Loki I don't know if you had a minute to
look and see if there's anything last minute to talk about
to help us fill time here because of our downtime.
They relaunched Playstation Home.
Oh yeah I forgot that was this week.
So it's all fantastic now I guess.
I don't know. I haven't logged in.
What were they supposed to change?
I heard like questing and shit now.
It's like all completely redone.
I mean it looks like Disneyland almost the way they have it.
Don't say words that are going to make me want to
download it immediately if it's not that good.
It's segmented like a theme park
so they've got different sections
like you know a midway
It's more of a sports center
It's more of a Knott's Berry Farm.
Yeah.
Alright.
So that's neat I guess.
And then
you know the folks that did
that wonderful King's Quest
The Silver Lining they're actually putting out
an original game. Oh yeah
I heard about that too. That sounds awesome.
Cognition and it's
basically an episodic detective
adventure about an FBI agent
who gains the power to see past events
by touching any object.
And of course they have a Kickstarter up to
fund it and they're looking for $25,000.
And you get all sorts
of sweet shit if you
contribute to that.
And then there's a rumor
that Mega Man may be coming to
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3
I guess there's a
poster in the background of
one of the levels that's inspired from
an Uncanny X-Men cover
and they have Mega Man
on there.
That was from the
not the mutant massacre but the Days of
Future Past.
And
apparently
it doesn't show Mega Man as deceased
or apprehended so
people think
maybe download content
like that. That'd be a real dick move but
hey whatever.
They could make some extra money via download
content. You know the moment they put them up for
download that everyone's gonna get it.
It's gonna be instant money maker cause everyone
wants Mega Man. And roll.
And then last but not least
of course we talked
a little bit about Nintendo
patents earlier and now
Sony has actually patented
biometric controllers
for, well obviously
and also for the handhelds as well.
And not really sure what this would be used for
but kind of think of like
maybe
some stuff to do with
maybe
some of the stuff you saw with
the vitality sensor
or they have the Ubisoft energy thing.
Basically reach your
blood pressure, heart rate and that kind of
stuff. So maybe for exercise programs
or something like that they may have a special
controller attachment for
like a move controller or something like that that
would feed into that so you could see
if you're exercising at the
right level or whatever. I just want to jump in
for live listeners. It looks like we're streaming
again. Once again we had an internet outage
unfortunately. I really appreciate you guys
sticking with us through our downtime. Again
this is out of our hands.
Why would we purposefully cut you guys off?
That would be ridiculous.
Well trust me. I've been dealing with this for
the last three days and it's a pain in the ass.
Playing MMO is not fun.
Unfortunately we're doing our best through
this. We are getting another call though. I guess people can see
that we're back up even though I'm still
waiting for the chat room to catch up
and get us. We are getting calls again.
Hi you're on Orange Lawns Radio. Who's this?
Hi this is your friendly
neighborhood Mexican. Act Deaf. Hey how you
doing Act Deaf? It's good to hear from you.
Yeah I'm doing pretty fine
I guess. What's up? What's on your mind?
First of all
I want to talk about
something to say about Sonic Generations
on PC. I have
inflated but it's cheaper
on Steam. You know and
we mentioned that on the show
but of course you guys didn't hear it because of our
downtime. But yeah it sounds like it's
a more reasonable price on Steam right?
Are you still there Act Deaf?
Yeah I'm here.
Oh okay. It sounds like it's a more reasonable price
on Steam then right?
Yeah it's like
$3 so. So did you buy it?
Yeah.
Oh what do you think of Sonic
Generations?
Like I said I haven't played it but
many people have talked pretty good about
it so I may get it
if it's cheaper on
Steam's holiday sale.
That's kind of
where I'm at is that like if it's on Steam
then I'm just going to wait for the Uber sale
that comes later on and get it then.
So we'll
see. What else have you been
playing lately? What have you been playing
if you haven't been playing Sonic Generations?
I have been playing
Bastion. Oh
Bastion's cool. Have you been playing that
on the PC or 360 or what?
Yeah PC.
Right now my 360 is broken
so I can't play
on it so. But I
remember it was they were having like a $5
sale on Bastion or
something like that this week on Steam.
$5 I think. Nice. I got it as a gift.
It's a birthday gift. Oh very
cool. Well what do you think of Bastion?
I haven't played it a lot
but I have played
it's pretty good. It's pretty
addicting. It
reminds me of old school Zelda
or old school adventure RPGs.
What do you
think about that narrator
that's in the game that has to talk about
everything as you're playing through it?
I don't know. I liked
it. It's a pretty nice addition.
It makes you feel like you're
playing it with someone
and it's
telling you the story like
no no I liked it. I don't know if
anyone hates it or
doesn't like it. It definitely is kind of
one of those things where you feel like the story is unfolding
as you're kind of playing it
which is pretty cool.
Yeah. But a lot of people
say that that's also like the gimmick of the game.
That's this big gimmick is that you know
without the whole narrator thing it's not
really a big deal.
Probably.
It would be
pretty bland I think but yeah
the narrator adds something
to it that makes it more appealing.
And the soundtrack to that game
is great too.
Yeah I may feature it on the
future. I love that song segment.
Oh there you go. I love that idea.
Hey I got to play this for you. This is a parody that
was making it's way around the internet this week. I don't know if you guys
saw this but this is the Bastion
narrator. Well it's not really him
but somebody impersonating him doing his take
on other video games.
And what's funny is that that's like
really what playing the game is like.
Yeah.
So that's a pretty good parody. I like that. Good job.
I'll watch it later.
It's really funny.
It's on this website called Dorkly.
I don't know if they're just hosting the video. No they're awesome.
They put out a bunch of weird stuff like that.
Nice.
Awesome. Well act deaf. Anything else you want to share
on the show before we let you go?
Probably a question for Loki
about
the 360s right now.
Alright. Loki?
Dude
is there going to be any special
or price deduction for the 360?
I want to get one for Christmas.
So I don't know if it's going to
still be $200 or it's
going to get cheaper. They're not going to announce
any price drops.
You know if anything
they just have the holiday bundles
right now which you know for like a
250 gigabyte system
I think they've got Fable 3 and
Halo Reach in there.
You will see some cutthroat
deals going on Black Friday as
well like we're already hearing about retailers
that are probably going to offer the system
and it won't be a price reduction so much
but like that you'll get a free $50
or even a $100 gift card
with the game when you buy this
excuse me a $100 gift card when
you buy the system and I can't remember what
retailer was rumored to be doing that. Was it Toys R Us?
Toys R Us says that sometimes.
You know keep an eye out for those Black
Friday ads because you're probably not going to see
a price reduction on the system itself but
you'll see these other little deals to try
and get you to go buy the system there.
And you know when you're talking a $100
gift card that could be
a pretty big thing. Of course I know
you're in Mexico but you
come up to California
to take advantage of some of those sales
sometimes right?
Yeah sometimes though
I get my bonus until December
so you might also
be able to take
advantage of that. Well it
may not be restricted to Black Friday
you never know. Sometimes dealers
want to kind of keep that movement
going through the rest of the year especially
retailers like Amazon
Best Buy Online
Target just you know try to be informed
and keep an eye out. This is one of those times
I would really recommend a site like CheapAssGamer
because they
their big niche is
rounding up all these ads so
keep an eye out when it's time and I'm
sure somebody will be offering the deal because they're going to try
they're going to try and get them out the
door. Yeah I think so.
We have a named chatter. I hope that
there's a brief
go ahead
near the hallway
so
AGM409 in our chatroom says keep
a look on at SlickDeals.net
suggest that
too. So
I think we might be losing the internet again
we are so unfortunately
that brings the ActDeaf call to a close
ActDeaf I don't know if you can hear us
but thank you so much for your call we really appreciate
it
Is that it? Did the internet go down completely
again? Yes it did. We lost the show
again. Again!
Sorry! It's not your fault
It's just Comcast. It's frustrating
but I know it's not your fault. It's because of the rain.
It does this every
year you know. Right when the rainy
season starts and it gets cold
It gets cloudy and the cables like
ahhhh clouds!
It just seems to do this
like when it starts getting hot and when it starts getting cold
It's irritating
but I'm not mad at you. It's redonk
I'm not mad at you I'm mad at the situation
Alright well any other
last minute stories to get out before we wrap it
up? Someone's developing
a My Little Pony MMO
that's disturbing
I have a new story
Yesterday was my mom's birthday. Happy birthday
to my mom. That's not news
Hey
I love my mommy
And then
also apparently Gearbox
being awesome. There was a
guy that was a Borderlands fan
who died of cancer
at the age of 22 and so
Gearbox actually
did a eulogy
as Claptrap and also
this kid will
be featured in the next
Borderlands game as an NPC
which is kind of cool
Well that's
a nice gesture. That's always
really nice to see the companies do that for
you know
people when they die
that were important. Especially if it was really before
their time
Well I guess is that it for
last minute stories?
Yeah that's pretty much it
Unfortunate. Alright well
unfortunately we're missing a Skype line right now
I feel really bad especially for those guys
that tune up live but again
out of our control. Well that's the part of the show
where we go around and get everybody's final
thoughts and wrap things up
so I will say
this. I'll start with this of course once again guys
thanks for tuning into our show and supporting
Orange Launch Radio even when we're having crazy
internet downtime and so forth. We really
appreciate it. It means a lot to us
If you like what you hear all we ask tell a friend about
the show. Word of mouth is so important
we just want to build our community and grow
stronger and maybe
find some people that work for the cable company who
can make sure our internet connection stays up. Who knows
Let's go
around and get everybody some final thoughts for the night
DarkSakura do you have any final thoughts
tonight? We go to print this week
I have
a seven page research paper due
this week
Next week
I
will probably not cry so much
I'm about ready to go
Loki do you have a final thought tonight?
I will be playing Saints Row the
third this week at some point
That's my goal at least
Hopefully sooner rather than later
If not I'll play Saints Row 2
on PC
My final thought tonight is
A. I'm really bummed about
the internet going down but I guess
the one silver lining about it is that
means we're going to finish up early just
in time for peepers
Alright
that's going to do it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting our
show we really appreciate it
Did it just come back up?
Well we'll come back up in time for folks to hear the credits
Have a wonderful night everybody we'll see you next
week hopefully with less
internet lulls. Good night everyone
You've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange
Lounge production
To join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights
at 6pm Pacific time
The views and opinions
expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com
But we're probably right anyway
See you next week
