All Games Radio is now broadcasting live from Sacramento, California.
Up next, Orange Lounge Radio.
The following program is intended for mature audiences.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Here's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
Tonight, November 27th, 2011, a special connect for Windows is detailed.
One group of people want Skyrim to be banned.
And is Sony planning an answer to Smash Brothers?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live at All Games Radio, where we do tape live every Sunday night
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
www.allgames.com if you want to tune in to listen.
Also, joining us, excuse me, my name is Rob Roberts.
I should introduce myself first, then I'll introduce the co-host.
Like, who's this guy? I just downloaded this show. Who's this guy?
I'm Rob Roberts, and joining me as they always do, week after week,
for the past nine and a half years, say hello to the one and only
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm almost full.
Yeah?
I made lamb leg with parsnips in the slow cooker.
And then I took the broth, so it's got all that good meat fat in it.
Food, food, food, food, food, food, food.
And cooked quinoa in it, so now my quinoa's creamy.
Now, I notice in your other hand, you have an old friend of the show
who's been gone for, like, several years.
He ran away to die.
Makes his triumphant return to the show tonight.
Are you gonna say hello?
Yeah, but this is gonna break your heart, or my heart, anyway.
All right, here we go.
Oh, he's working now.
Oh.
He was going...
When I pressed it earlier.
It's the O.L.R. Ferret, the official orange laundry...
Oh, God.
He's not doing healthy after all these years.
He might need to have an operation.
You might have to open up his butt and replace the battery.
Gosh.
Well...
Oh, but look at that face.
The orange laundry radio ferret is slowly dying, ladies and gentlemen.
Just like the quality of this program.
Say hello as well.
He's gonna model my quinoa.
I don't know why you're bothering to take a picture of it,
because we have no website right now, but hey.
The flicker still works.
That's true, the flicker still works.
Get it up there when it comes back.
Joining us as well, hopefully not about to soon die.
He'll be with us for a long, long time.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Yeah, you can replace the batteries in those by cutting the stomach open.
We need an operation.
I did that one time.
Remember, we had like four ferrets at one time.
I do.
I don't know where they went.
You came into the show one time and you were like,
Hey, Jamie, here.
And you threw like five ferrets at her.
And I held them all the entire episode because they were my babies.
We mailed one to one of our friends in Colorado, Rai Chan.
I don't know if she still listens, but she's out there.
And I think we gave another one to a long time OLR listener.
Didn't one of them get stuck to a Katamari?
Yeah, we put one on the giant Katamari ball, one E3.
We did that.
So they kind of slowly went their separate ways.
And now we have the old school original one is still here.
So our little unofficial official mascot of Orange Laundry radio.
So yeah, a lot of things are broken.
Not only is my introduction broken tonight, but in the ferret is slowly dying.
But obviously we weren't here last week because of the last minute internet
failure.
It was not a planned absence for us.
But unfortunately, the internet was down at dark sacros all day long.
Right.
Like, and you were having problems before that.
Oh, yeah.
Every time it rains, Comcast goes for fuck's sake.
So but thankfully.
So around four o'clock that day, we just had to make a decision like,
OK, well, we can't even really tape a show without internet because we use
internet to get our stories and to do some of the other incidental background
music and stuff.
So we couldn't do a show period.
We said, and we'll just take the week off anyway.
It's right before Thanksgiving.
So whatever.
A lot of shows are going to be off.
We're back here tonight to news that we don't have a website right now.
I know when you go to Orange Laundry radio.com,
it says something about an account billing issue.
That's actually not the issue.
It's not something as obvious as Rob didn't pay the bill.
Is the man bringing us down?
It is.
It is.
It's SOPA.
It went into effect, everybody.
Unfortunately, because we play music during the show.
No, it's not.
It's the one percent.
It's the man.
No, here's the thing.
Our website space has been graciously donated for the past.
When did we move off of my personal domain?
It was about seven years ago.
So, I mean, it was a long, long time ago.
We were on live 365.
Let me put it that way.
It was a long time ago.
We had our website.
It's been graciously donated by one of our listeners and friends,
IRL and former DER Freak moderator when there was a DDR Freak, VX Jason XV.
And, you know, he's been able to get the web space for us.
And I think it's like a friend of a friend thing.
And unfortunately, when things break, because we don't pay for it,
that doesn't mean things get fixed right away.
So we have to understand that, you know, beggars can't be choosers.
So he is aware.
He's working on it.
Don't pester him about it.
He knows.
And I know he's working really hard to try and fix it one way or another,
even if that ends up meaning we have to kind of get web space somewhere else.
So keep an eye on our Twitter at twitter.com slash O-L-R or our Facebook.
And we'll let you know what's going on with the website as we know.
Unfortunately, this does mean that it affects the podcast folks,
because without a website, we can't deliver the podcast.
So the only people here in the show right now are our live listeners.
And it probably won't make the feed tonight,
which is unfortunate because we've been on a really good track record
of getting the show up for the Monday morning crowd.
And sadly, it won't be there for them tonight.
But we'll get it up as soon as we possibly can.
So hopefully, you podcastees will be listening to this before too long.
So let's see.
Going to our chat room.
Our chat room is still there.
And usually, I say join us at chat.orangeloungeradio.com,
but that's not going to work due to the website outage.
So tonight, you can do it one of two ways.
You go to Game Search, which is our network on – well, not our network,
but the network we use on IRC.
Gamesurge.net and any IRC clients, there's an IRC.
And you join Channel Orange Lounge.
Honestly, if that's too difficult, just go to chat.allgames.com
and they'll point you in the right direction.
And my apologies to the fine folks at All Games Chat,
but they'll understand, I hope.
So anyhow, before we get into our gaming weeks and all that,
I thought we could talk a little bit about this.
It's something I kind of wanted to talk about last week.
We didn't end up having a show.
Sorry.
It's not your fault. Just things happen.
We'll talk a little bit about charity.
Because, you know, tis the season.
It's the holidays and stuff.
And this is the season where charity donations
and things like that really kick into high gear.
You know, as people are out spending like mad,
killing each other over $2 waffle irons and so forth.
You know, there's –
Waffle irons for $2?
Waffle irons for $2, you say?
Yes, just try not to get clobbered with one.
You see the YouTube of all them people fighting over $2 waffle irons?
It's quite a sight to be held.
That's stupid. You want to hear something else that's stupid?
We got back after having Thanksgiving dinner with our family,
and we came home and we're like,
crap, there's like nothing to do.
Let's watch TV.
Hey, look. Lady Gaga's having a Thanksgiving special.
I didn't see it, believe it or not.
She made waffles with –
or I wouldn't say she made waffles.
A chef that makes food for her was making waffles with salami in them.
That's weird, but I'd try it.
Were you tempted by Gaga's delicious waffles?
I think you were.
Waffles are good, but it was weird.
Waffle Gaga.
Lady Waf Waf.
That sounds kind of dirty.
It does a little bit.
So anyhow, charity. Hello.
Going back to charity.
I know Child's Play is obviously one of the biggest gamer charities,
and they've kicked off their official donation season,
you know, during the holidays.
There's been a lot of stuff going on, like Desert Bus.
Gosh, this has been, what, the fifth year I think that's been going on.
If you don't know what Desert Bus is,
I don't think you've been following a lot of the gaming internet stuff,
but we'll explain it anyway.
There's this game that came out on –
God, what system was Desert Bus on?
Was that a 3DO game?
It was on some obscure-ish system, wasn't it?
That was on the Sega CD.
That was part of the – wasn't that part of the Penn and Teller game?
Yeah.
That was on the Sega CD.
Was it the Sega CD?
It was Penn and Teller's up in – or Smoke and Mirrors.
I knew it was one of those CD systems I didn't have.
And, like, you drive a bus for, like, the whole thing.
And the deal is you drive a bus from L.A. to Vegas,
but don't expect the graphics to look like, you know,
burnout or something.
Wasn't the whole thing is that they hate video games or something,
so they made a video game or –
Yeah.
Yeah.
So –
Or something about the realism or something.
Yeah, and you really drive the actual distance.
It's not abbreviated.
And you're not allowed to drive above a certain mileage
because you're driving a bus.
So to drive from one to the other takes, like, four hours.
And all you do – and you can't just, like, rubber-band the button down
or anything because every so often you have to slightly adjust your steering
or the bus will go off track.
Yeah, because the alignment's not correct.
Exactly.
So when you make it all the way, you score one point.
It takes, like, four hours to do so.
So these crazy guys actually put together this whole thing
where they drive back and forth for – I think they went for six days this year.
They played desert.
I don't think it was the same guy, but this group did it for, like,
six days straight and they raised a shit-ton of money for Child's Play,
which is great.
Well over $300,000.
Something we've talked about a lot on this show is something a little more local to us that goes on,
and that's UmLoud, which is, again, happening this year, December 8th.
On – it's a Thursday this year.
And Dark Soccer and myself, I believe we're both going to be there this year.
We're going.
So we hope to see you guys there.
That's at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco.
There's going to be an online component this year.
I guess more information on that is coming soon.
So even if you don't live in the San Francisco area, there is going to be ways you can participate,
but the details on that are forthcoming.
And the other thing I'd mention, too, in case you want to experience Desert Bus,
it is now on iOS and Android marketplaces.
Yes. Yes, it is. It is.
And apparently there's a pop-up version.
Which is nice because they actually donate all the proceeds for the iOS 1 to the Child's Play charity.
And I want to say, wasn't that the one where Penn Jillette actually ended up donating money?
I don't think it was this year. I think it was last year or something.
He donated quite a bit of money. Like, he actually knew about it.
So it's kind of neat.
So anyhow, lots of charity stuff going on.
So, you know, think about some of that money you saved on all those Black Friday sales or Steam sales or so forth.
Think about giving it to a good cause.
And even if that cause is not Child's Play for you, maybe it's, I don't know, St. Jude's Hospital,
March for Babies, American Red Cross, whatever the charity is.
Although about the American Red Cross, though, keep your money out of those guys
ringing the bells in front of retail stores.
The Salvation Army?
Yeah, I thought that was Red Cross, but Salvation Army.
Don't give them any money because, especially now, I guess they're taking credit cards as well.
I mean, do I really want to slide a credit card through a skimmer that they may have
so that I can hopefully get the money going to them and not some crook?
Just do it through online if you're going to do that.
Do you have views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio? Not necessarily?
Alright, anyway.
Well, actually, they have caught a number of scammers.
Just be careful. Always be careful.
Get a receipt.
Do it through the websites.
Or just do Desert Bus or UMLoud because those are two ones we know, or Child's Play themselves,
and those are several different ones we know are reputable and all that.
Anyhow, let's move on. Let's talk about video games and how was your gaming week,
the video games you've been playing this week.
I don't know about you guys, but I've played a ton, so let's go around the table.
We'll start with Dark Soccer. Ladies first.
Well, I actually played some stuff while my internet was sort of working.
I actually played a lot of Droplets, Rob.
That's that random-ass puzzle game that's on Steam, huh?
Yeah, it's actually pretty funny. Funny. Fun, I should say.
I don't want to say it's like Pipe Dream, but it does involve pipes and water going through,
but it's all like they're falling.
But you run out of drops.
Yeah, it's kind of interesting.
And you have to collect them in your reservoir and get more,
and you can actually get little pockets that will open up that you can get more drops.
And so you get a score as long as you have drops to play with.
Actually, I have to look at my Steam list because I have to look at what I was like.
I actually played a bunch of Portal 2 as well, just, you know, again, while my internet was not working.
Let me throw this out there while you're pulling up the list,
because actdeft in our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrady.com
is jumping in on the charity discussion with another suggestion,
and that is do the Humble Indie Bundle.
And that's a very good point, because the Humble Indie Bundle,
that money you can choose if you want the money to go all to the developers
or you want to go all to Child's Play or EFF.
You can, you know, kind of choose how the money is distributed.
I don't think they have a bundle going on right now.
There's a different type of bundle we're going to talk about a little later in the show,
but as far as the gaming bundle, there's nothing right now,
but there probably will be one soon enough.
Those have been doing very well, so we'll see.
I was also playing some Doom 2.
And, where else was I? Oh yeah, I was playing Peggle Extreme.
I tried to play Magica, but while my internet was down, it was like,
no, you can't play this game.
And then a few people actually all gave me the same game.
It gave me Fallout New Vegas.
Gee, tough problem.
Wait, wait, several people bought you Fallout New Vegas?
I know it was on sale earlier this week.
I guess so. I mean, maybe it was like...
Was it on your wish list or something?
I think it might have been.
Ah, there you go.
I mean, I can look, but yeah, Fallout New Vegas is actually really sweet.
I put up a couple of screenies from, I can pull up my Steam account
and show people a few screenies, but I mean,
I had never really had much of an interest in playing it,
but when I started playing it, it really,
I had friends that played the RPG and kind of seeing their books
and seeing how the game set up, it actually kind of seemed like the same,
you know, had the same feel, except then you're, you know,
first person or you can play third person.
You can play behind the shoulder.
So I didn't actually get as bad motion sick as I might have.
However, I am incredibly lost after killing a few geckos in the face,
which is funny because they die ugly and I think it's awesome,
and I'm playing some chick with red hair.
Some chick with red hair.
Some chick with red hair.
I was corrected in our chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
There is a Humble Bundle going on right now. I'm so sorry.
I was not aware. This is news to me.
This is one I might have to purchase.
There is a Humble Bundle going on right now.
And guess what? Dark Soccer, this may interest you
because it is the Humble Introversion Bundle.
And if you don't know what game they did,
they're the folks behind Darwinia.
So Darwinia is in this bundle as well as Uplink, Defcon,
Multiwinia is all in this.
And if you pay more than the average, which right now is $3.75,
gosh, that's so low.
I would hope you'd pay at least like $10 or $20 for this.
Aquaria and Crayon Physics Deluxe get thrown in as well.
So there is a bundle going on right now. My apologies.
I don't know. How much longer is that going for?
Is that like just tonight or is that going into next week?
Let's see. Eight days left. Oh shit.
So you've got some time there.
You got at least another week.
Usually if you wait to the end, there's more stuff tacked on.
Looks like they've already done it.
Yeah. All right. Well, go for it.
If you buy early, you still get the extra stuff that they end up adding.
And what I really like about the way Humble Bundle does it
is that you get steam codes for everything.
So like I bought it and then I just loaded it all into steam
the last time I bought one, which was the bundle that had VVVVV in it.
So yeah, pretty cool.
Oh yeah, I've actually played more than, oh yeah, I did play wow for the record.
I'm working on my rep with the Sha'tari Skyguard.
Good times.
So I can fly around on a fat short manta ray.
There's a birthday party going on a while right now.
Oh yeah, that thing.
It messes up my look, Rob.
And just a little quick side note.
What?
Whoever that freaking Taran was that was killing all of my birds?
DIAF. The end.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
And this is going to be continuing on
because we're not playing Grand Theft Auto anymore.
We're playing Call of Duty now.
This is weird to me.
This is modern warfare. I'm still kicking ass though.
And you know what?
You've turned into a bro.
It's been, what, less than a week and I'm already trying to mod the game.
So I'm working on a mod for...
Dan's yelling from the other room.
Make it not suck.
I have a tangent about bros I want to talk about in a minute.
But yeah, it's been pretty fun.
We're playing hardcore mode because they don't like the fact that
I could kill faster if I have a map and I can kind of see where people are firing from.
I'm still killing pretty fast anyways.
But we're just kind of playing around right now.
System Link. And it's been fun.
It's been great because we don't have any lag.
And we don't have the problem with disconnects because our internet's terrible at work.
We'd get disconnected from games all the time in Grand Theft Auto.
And funny enough now we see,
Oh, disconnect from live. Oh, that doesn't matter because we're not playing on live.
So we have that.
But yeah, I am working on something actually kind of unique for it.
Just like some special balance mod thing where each class would have different weapons
and a special ability kind of like a button or something that you would have a one minute ability
that would be like god mode or invisibility or something like that.
And then with a five minute cooldown for each thing.
So it's really intricate but you can actually program quite a bit in Call of Duty which is kind of cool.
So I'm going to mess around with that.
Actually hopefully I'm going to mess around with Grand Theft Auto mods at some point
because I've just been really distracted by everything.
I've played Saints Row. I've pretty much beat Saints Row.
Actually I have beat Saints Row. Almost 100%.
All the side missions and stuff were done except for the car thefts.
And those are really annoying because it's really glitched.
The one I was on now, apparently every time you go into the zone to steal the car,
it just for some reason explodes or just is gone.
And I don't understand why because it's just something with the game. It's broken.
So I can't really do that.
But there's I guess ways around it and I'll eventually go back to it.
But for the most part I have everything done.
I just have to play through the game again to finish some missions in a different way.
Like Act 1, finish that in a different way.
And then also the third act I have to finish.
Or Murder Brawl, I have to do that a different way.
Did the Tron parody stuff in Saints Row end up being good or was it just kind of...
Yeah, that's pretty much what you saw in the video.
They had some interesting stuff.
There's even a little bit of Zork in there.
Awesome. Do you get eaten by a Gru?
No, there's actually a text adventure part that you have to do a little bit of stuff there.
But it's pretty awesome.
Do you end up in front of a house and there is a white mailbox here?
Something like that. It's a parody of it.
You have to go kill a unicorn is what it is.
Damn you unicorns!
So there's something with that. But what's kind of cool is the perks you get from beating that portion of the game.
You actually get one of the combat tanks.
You get to drive around the city and fire it.
And it has all the sound effects from combat.
Which is great. It's a big blocky tank.
And then they also have these bikes you can get that are like...
You get a bike and a car that look like Tron stuff.
So that's pretty awesome.
But yeah, it's pretty sweet. And then after you beat the game, obviously you can mess around and just do whatever.
But now I have to get all the achievements for it.
Because I'm almost done. I have almost everything.
So I have to play through as a woman now.
So I'll be making a Dark Sakura character since you already have a character.
And I have a character.
Apparently Travis Donovan at Undersedation Live, our buddies that are on Saturday night at All Games Radio.
Travis Donovan made a Rob Roberts character in Saints Row who wears bunny slippers and a Hello Kitty backpack.
Although it's not really Hello Kitty but it's their answer to that.
So you can do all that stuff.
He has to play through the game as a girl so he's gonna make the Dark Sakura character.
I'm afraid.
She'll be wearing all black and kill things with fire.
Okay.
I kill things with fire.
I approve of the killing with fire.
But what's great about it is you can actually go on the website.
She should have a giant menorah she whaps people with.
I would not do that to my menorah.
They don't have that.
What's kind of cool though is you can go on the website and you can actually tag different characters you want to download to your game.
So anybody that listens to the show can go find Travis Donovan's character or you can link to it or whatever.
And they go tag it and then download it into their game and play as you in their game.
Which is awesome.
And I forgot to bring you a copy of the game today.
That's alright.
I had one.
I've got so much I'm trying to play right now anyway I can use another one.
But you really should play Saints Row the Third.
I really do want to play Saints Row the Third especially knowing that somebody else made my damn character.
It is awesome.
But it actually turned out really good.
I saw the pictures and I'm like that's cute.
It's such a great game.
It's seriously, I enjoyed every minute of it and I played it for almost, no I did play it for over 30 hours because I got that achievement.
30 and 30 so, 3 and 30 I guess.
So I did play over 30 hours of the game.
And so yeah aside from that I've been playing Skyrim which is great.
I almost gave it up pretty quick because the first time I played the game something glitched out.
And I went to the first town I'm supposed to go to and everyone started attacking me.
Trying to kill me.
I'm like, okay what the fuck.
I can't do anything because you guys keep trying to attack me.
Except for the one character I was supposed to talk to.
He was fine but everyone's like trying to kill me.
I'm like, okay.
I don't understand why they did the piss everybody off.
So the hell with this.
So I finally tried it again and I'm really enjoying it because now it's actually working correctly.
You might have accidentally murdered somebody.
Maybe.
Maybe I hit somebody with a sword.
Maybe I decapitated somebody and forgot.
Oops.
Well I had something earlier that I ran into.
I decided to go exploring off and then I see this giant attacking these two people.
So I'm going to go help them.
So I started shooting fire at the giant.
So people started coming and attacking me.
Because I guess some of the splash damage started hitting them.
I'm like, you fucking idiots.
So what? You got injured a little bit.
I killed the giant for you.
For such an enormously, enormous game.
A game as vast as Skyrim.
It does really have its derpy moments.
There's some real things in Skyrim that just don't make sense.
It should be like if you do a little bit of damage to somebody.
They're like, hey, don't do that or something.
And then if you continually do that, then they should start attacking you.
But not just like, oh, I accidentally dealt a little bit of damage to you.
Or like, oh, you ran in front of my arrow or something like that.
And unfortunately you got stuck with an arrow.
They should have a little bit of like, you know, kind of, hey, stop that.
And then start attacking you if you keep attacking them.
I think that would be a little bit better than, oh, I accidentally hit you with a fireball.
Because I was aiming at the troll that's right next to you or something like that.
Anyways.
I like some of the lolsy stuff people have done with Skyrim online.
Like the house full of cabbage.
Have you seen that stuff?
I had to fight, once again, exploring.
Because I'm trying to get enough money to buy these boots that allow me to pick up more things.
Which is ironic because I got the money, the amount of money that was in the game to do that.
And all of a sudden I go back down to buy them.
Oh, and now they're more expensive.
I'm like, fuck you, I'm not buying those anymore.
But I have a lot of money now.
So I've been just exploring in places probably that I'm not supposed to be going yet.
And one of the places I found, all of a sudden I got attacked by three wisps.
And I was like, oh, this sucks because I'm only like level, I think I'm like level eight.
Or six at the time, I think, when I had attacked them.
So I was like, ah shit, these things look magical.
That's not good.
So I killed them.
And then it was the wisp mother that was there started shooting like some ice thing at me.
And so I decided to go try to kill her.
And that took about 15 to 20 minutes to actually take her down because I'm such a low level character.
Yeah, but they level with you so it would have taken 15 to 20 minutes anyway.
Really?
You do get a little bit of edge because of the talents and so forth that you get.
But unfortunately the enemies, it's not like a Final Fantasy where if you just grind, grind, grind, you'll be able to overpower everything.
It doesn't work like that.
But anyways, so yeah.
Honestly, in any Elder Scrolls game you should just do the main story first.
So that way you can just do it when it's easy and then go back and do open world lulzy fun.
Maybe we should do that then.
That's the way to approach an Elder Scrolls game, I really think.
So yeah, it took me about 15 minutes.
But it's funny because, you know, you were saying the house full of cabbages and stuff.
And the game's not exactly realistic.
At one point, because I had a bunch of stuff from crafting things, either making food or making alchemy and stuff like that.
So I got to the point where I had exhausted my potions that I had with me and I'm like, crap, I need more health.
So I ate 13 pounds of food at one point to level up.
Your skill in pooping has increased to 21.
It's just ridiculous.
It's like, okay, here's this two pound cheese wheel.
This will give you two health.
I'm going to eat four of those.
I can imagine this guy, like, high behind a rock, just shoving his mouth full of cabbage and carrots and raw rabbit.
Just all sorts of ridiculous stuff that you happen to be carrying with you.
And I also found another way. It was kind of fun.
I was really sad because remember how they had the thing where, oh, you can steal from people by putting pots over people's heads?
I thought that was only on PC.
Until I figured out you have to hold A and then you can move shit around.
I was like, oh, thank God.
It doesn't work, though. I haven't gotten it to work at all.
Maybe there's a trick to it. I've never tried it.
Which is too bad.
But it allowed me to, you know, because one of the things I kind of do is I pick up everything that is not attached.
Which is great because you do missions for people and stuff and all of a sudden they become friendly with you.
And they'll just let you take everything.
Like, I did a mission for the guy at the trading post or whatever.
And after that, everything in that house allowed me to take it almost, except for expensive armor and stuff.
Guys, you know in our chatroom at chat.ownerswannatrader.com disagrees with me on what I'm saying about the level scaling.
Saying the enemies don't really level with you anymore in Skyrim, Rob.
They changed it due to people not liking it in Oblivion. It's more like Fallout now, really.
I could have sworn somebody was telling me that they were playing the game twice and saw the difference.
But maybe it's not as much of a weight as it was before.
Who knows?
But I like being able to overpower everything, personally.
I hope that's true.
I haven't played enough Skyrim. I really haven't because I've been distracted by so many other games.
I probably will not give Skyrim proper attention until Christmas time.
Skyrim's hilarious, because at one point I was like,
Oh, hey, wait a second. I can swim in the river.
I'm diving underwater, and I'm catching salmon.
For no apparent reason, other than I can.
That's the whole thing about Skyrim. I don't know why I'm doing this. I can.
Or Skyrim with the physics.
Hey, you can go along this mountain trail, or you can just walk straight up the mountain.
You'll just hit jump a lot, and you'll eventually climb the mountain.
That's what I do.
But yeah, I found out that if you're carrying too much, obviously it slows you down.
So what you can do is grab one more object by holding A, and it'll just hover out in front of you,
and then you just run back to town.
Of course, if you get to any doorway, you'll pick it up, take it in your inventory, walk through the door,
drop it, and pick it up again using the hold A thing, and just keep on running.
It was great. I was able to take one.
I brought you a pan!
I was able to take one more battle axe.
How stupid must that look?
Alright, Bobby has joined chat to try and clarify.
Our good friend Bobby Blackwolf, who tapes before us live at All Games Radio,
to try and clarify, bring a little clarity to the Rim of Sky.
Sky says, here's how it works.
Or Blackwolf says, Sky, here's how it works.
When you first enter a dungeon area, it generates the enemies to your level.
If you leave that dungeon, go level up, and go back in.
They will be the same level they used to be, so you can overpower them, but not on the first entry.
Now, that makes a lot of sense.
So, here's what you need to do.
You need to find all the dungeons at level one.
Like I'm saying, go do the story mode right away.
And then that way, you know...
I'm going to, but I get distracted so much.
I know. I hear you.
Seriously, I have taken everything in that town, the first town, the Riverwood, whatever,
and I've taken everything that has not been bolted down.
It's great. There's so many glitches in the game.
Did you fill a house with cabbage?
I don't have a house to fill with cabbage yet, but I have a lot of cabbage.
Well, damn it, now you have a mission.
And I've eaten a lot of cabbage, too, so that's not good.
Anything else about your gaming week?
We could talk about Skyrim all night.
Seriously. Like, for example, one of the tricks you can level up any skill
by those people that will actually tell you, like, the first town you go to,
there's an elf there that will help you improve your archery.
Well, if you invite him into, you can invite him to join you,
and he'll come and help you, so you go and you pay for that,
and then you go, I need to trade with you, and you take your money back,
and then you pay him again and take your money back.
In fact, the other thing is, you can take his house key for no reason,
or just take all of his inventory, and then you go to his house and steal everything.
And then go to the middle of the forest and say, okay, wait here.
Pretty much.
I'm always, like, I'm paranoid that my stupid NPC that always follows me,
I have this chick named Lydia that follows me everywhere,
and I'm always paranoid she's gonna die.
Like, I'm like, because this game, like, if a fucking wolf bites her head off,
she's not coming back.
Like, she won't just flash and then respawn.
But here's the thing, though. Some of these NPCs don't die.
Because one of the things I did before I came over here, I was like,
hey, you know what, let me see how, if I could just kill everybody in this town.
So I saved it before I did that, and I tried to kill everybody.
I killed everybody except for the goddamn woman that works in the inn.
You can kill her. First, she's a really tough son of a bitch.
And then, on top of that...
You mean daughter of a bitch?
Whatever.
How about bitch?
Yeah, she's a really tough bitch.
And then on top of that, you kill her, and she doesn't really die.
She just comes back to life again and starts fucking trying to kill you again.
She might be integral to the story or something.
Like, you probably can't kill people that, like, keep you from completing the actual story.
Eh, I don't care. I know. I know you don't care.
Just finish the story, then go do whatever you want. Whatever you want.
Burn a whole village down for all I care, then wait for the DLC.
Alright. Anything else for your gaming week?
Uh... a little bit of Zuma. That's it.
Let me move on. I got some games I want to talk about.
I've played a lot. I can only talk about some of the games I've played this week,
because I've played a lot in the past couple weeks since we last had a show.
So let me start with the one I've probably played the least of,
which is Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
I bought this more for Alan because he wanted it.
And keep in mind, we didn't own Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
It's like we knew that they were going to release a new version just nine months later.
So we ordered that over Amazon.
They always do.
I know. I know that for next time now.
So I'm going to be wary about buying Capcom games when they first come out.
Like, I'm going to have to be convinced they're not going to release an Uber edition six months later.
But anyway, so it's really my first taste of Marvel vs. Capcom 3 at all.
The controls are weird because I guess they took more of a Tatsunoko vs. Capcom direction with them.
Yeah, exactly.
Not a fan.
Much easier if you've got the arcade controller.
Yeah, I could see that. I could see that.
So I'm not a fan because I like my games like Street Fighter, but that's okay.
The art style is really good.
It's so fun to play on an HDTV with awesome sound.
The graphics and everything look great.
Lots of great characters.
Some weird choices, especially on the Capcom side, but okay.
Rocket Raccoon.
No, I said it on the Capcom side, not on the Marvel side.
That's Marvel.
Rocket Raccoon is Marvel.
I know.
I said weird choices on the Capcom side, not on the Marvel side.
Right, but that's a weird one.
Yeah, it is weird.
I hear you.
That's what I was saying.
I thought you liked Rocket Raccoon.
I do like Rocket Raccoon.
It's just sort of out of the blue.
So there are some weird choices in there.
But, you know, it can't all be totally mainstream.
That's kind of part of the fun of it.
So yeah, I've just done some light skirmishes in that.
Very difficult game, too.
The difficulties, even on very easy, it can be a pain in the ass.
Alan was screaming at the TV trying to beat Galacticus, or at least, you know, kinda.
He doesn't really scream at the TV, but just in his irritated way.
Flick.
Yeah, I know, right?
So yeah, that was Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
I bought a game on Steam that was dirt cheap last week, not during this whole Autumn sale they've been doing.
But last week, they had a game called Magica on sale for like $2.50, and you could even download the demo.
Or no, you downloaded the full game, and you could just play the full game for free through Sunday.
Like, this is the kind of stuff Steam can let you do.
So I ended up buying the Uber edition for like 9 bucks.
It comes with all the expansions.
I liked Magica. It was cool.
It's kinda like it was a dungeon crawler slash puzzler slash...
The big thing about Magica is that you mix and match these different spell types.
Like you have fire, ice, earth, lightning, arcane, life.
And you can mix the different types to create these, you know, either energy bolts or like...
One thing you could do, you mix shield with life, and you get like life grenades that you put in the ground.
And when you step on them, they bloom health.
Or you could mix shield with fire, and you get like actual grenades.
So it's interesting kind of learning about the combinations.
So exploration definitely plays heavy into this.
This is the game as well, and I know we talked about this on the show a while back, but it had some very strange expansions.
Like the first expansion for Magica is Magica Vietnam.
And it's the little magic characters in Vietnam.
And the joke is because all the shooter games end up having a Vietnam expansion.
So Magica got a Vietnam expansion.
There's a lot of very tongue-in-cheekness.
The game is very tongue-in-cheek. It's sharp-witted.
I think it was right after they announced the Battlefield Bad Company 2, like, Vietnam expansion.
So, yeah. And then they did some other expansions after that.
So, yeah. I enjoyed Magica, and it was fun to play.
You can play it online, too. Like, Alan and I were doing co-op in the same room over Steam online.
It was pretty fun. So you can play like I think up to four or six people at once.
And there's all these other modes I haven't even touched yet, because, again, other games have distracted me.
But there's like, you know, challenge modes, and PvP I guess is a big element.
Because I got the Uber edition, I got all these different Magica types.
And what's funny is that one of them is like a Tron dude.
They all wear the little hooded robe things. They look like little monks.
But this particular monk has the energy lines and carries an energy disc, right?
And I played that when I was playing online with Alan. He couldn't heal me.
And we couldn't figure it out. Like, why the hell can't you heal me? I can heal you, but you can't heal me.
Well, it's because since I was playing as Tron dude, you don't heal me with life.
You heal me with lightning. So whenever he would shoot a lightning bolt at me, I would heal.
So just funny little quirks like that were in the game and kind of lead to the puzzle elements of Magica.
So, yeah, let's see. Other games I've been playing this week.
Okay, here's a game I've been playing a lot of. A lot of this game.
And I really, I don't know why. When I tell you what game it is, you're going to be like,
What? Out of everything out right now, you're playing that?
So we went to Evil G one day because we had a gift card we had to spend.
So we found a game that was the perfect amount of money and it was White Knight Chronicles 2.
I was there.
It was on sale. Yeah, you were there. You did come with us.
White Knight Chronicles 2 we bought on sale for 40 bucks.
And it comes complete with the first game, which I did play a little bit before when it was actually done by Sony.
But now this game has been out in Japan and Europe for a while.
But D3 finally put it out here because I guess the first game didn't do so hot, but it has a real cult following to it.
So now the second game's out. It's a lot like the.hack games on PS2.
You can play the first game all over. Well, actually, you couldn't even do this in the.hack games because they didn't come with each game.
But imagine if like the first.hack, what?.hack infection and the next one.
Like imagine if they were bundled together. You can either start the first game, which is what they called the remastered version,
although I call it the they made the annoying text box slightly less annoying and a couple other little things you probably won't notice.
Or you could just start the second game at level 35.
But I'm like, well, I'm going to go back and play the first game.
So I've been playing the first game and I've already played it longer, much longer than I did the last time.
My characters are up to like level 19 or 20 at this point. And I just I keep doing side quests.
I've got pulled into there's so much different types of micromanaging you can do that I think people don't even know about this game.
Like you can build a whole little town and depending on the villagers that you recruit, you earn different products that are in this town.
There's a whole online mode in this game that feels a lot like Phantasy Star to me.
You team up with other people to do quests and you can do them online.
But here's the thing, despite the fact that I say all this and I mentioned I've been playing this game for a lot,
although it lets you do these things, it does none of them remarkably well.
Like it's not a bad game, but it's just a it does a lot of things, but none of them are best in class.
But it's like a game to get straight B's across the board.
None of the like the story is not really an A. The graphics are pretty good.
The music's good, but it's not great. The character design, it's neat, but there's a lot of repetition.
So it could be it's like it gets straight B's. But he put it all together and it makes for a really deep experience.
It's like Xanadu.
I guess. I don't know. But yeah, I can't stop playing. I'm just like grind, grind, grind, grind.
I could be playing Skyrim, yet I'm playing this game because it's like I have to beat story mode.
I have to get to level. I have to get to the White Knight Chronicles 2.
I have to be able to play with people online. I can't stop playing.
Couple other negatives I'll say about the game.
Really disappointed that there was an online store mode where you buy things for your village like houses and scenery.
But this stuff will impact the amount of stuff that you can grow, which in turn is what's for sale at your stores.
So that's my long way of saying you can buy your way to a competitive edge in this game.
And it's not just that, but they actually sell items at the Sony store that are like this coupon is good for 20% increased experience for one week.
So there's a lot of like really cheap stuff like that. And I almost want to flunk the game on those grounds alone.
However, I do have to realize there is this online component that they're not charging money for that does have about the depth of Phantasy Star Universe.
And Phantasy Star Universe does still charge money to this day. Why they just don't go free to play, I don't know.
So I give it a slight pass on those grounds because I feel like, okay, well, fair enough.
They are providing a robust online component. They got to make the money for that somewhere, I guess.
But I do frown on the fact that they sell things to give you a competitive edge. That shit is just...
As a gamer, it bothers me. I don't like it in other games too.
Let's see, actdeft in our chatroom at chat.orangelsonshooty.com says,
Wait, White Knot Chronicles 2 has both games? I'm going to tell a friend that wants it to get that instead of the first one.
Oh, absolutely. The first game is pointless at this point. Like, if you can get it 10 bucks used, awesome.
And you can import what you do in the first game into the second game. You can do that.
You don't have to just start at level 35 because the level cap in the first game was 50.
So you grind your way to 50 and then do it that way.
Yeah, there's really no point. And this game is probably not that expensive.
White Knot Chronicles 2 is 40 bucks on sale. But that was a pre-Black Friday type sale.
When did we go to Evil G, Dark Sakura? Was that Wednesday?
I think so, yeah.
You can probably find it used even cheaper somewhere else.
Maybe. But be careful because it has an online pass called GeoNet. So you can't do any of the online features without the...
You get the one free with the new copy and then it's going to be $10 otherwise.
It was Sunday. Sunday morning.
That's right, because the show didn't happen.
Yeah. But we went in the morning because I was running away from the football game.
Yeah, yeah. So anyway, White Knot Chronicles 2. Straight Bs, yet I can't stop playing it. Go figure.
And then here's a game that I've also been playing a lot of. And it's Super Mario 3DS.
And I gotta say, I'm just going to be blunt, this is my favorite Mario game in the past 20 years, I think. For real.
I think this is my favorite Mario game since Super Mario World, I think.
It's great. If you own a 3DS, I don't know why you would not get this game.
I seriously do not know why you would be a Nintendo supporter and not want Mario 3D Land.
It is outstanding. The level design is fantastic.
There's a lot of throwbacks to a lot of things you see in the Mario series, as well as some new stuff like the whole Boomerang Mario.
But yeah, I can't stop thinking about the level design. The level design is so good.
They're linear levels, like what you would see in a Mario game, yet they have that slight openness of like Mario 64, yet they're not too damn open.
Like I think some of the levels in that game and even like Galaxy and Sunshine were.
Like there definitely is that Mario linear path to it. And I don't think that's a bad thing at all.
There's just a lot of fun things that you find in different levels.
Like some of them are the automatic scrolling levels. Some of them are like the donuts. Some of them are the blocks that spin.
The ghost houses are back. The desert levels are there. I mean, it's all there.
And from what I understand, the game, you can play through it twice because you have Mario 3D.
Believe it or not, it's neat. I was not the biggest fan of Mario 64, and I've taken shit for that on this show over the years.
And a lot of that was because I didn't like the transition from 2D to 3D.
Like, you know, Mario 64 was one of the first big 3D games, and I realize a lot of people disagree with me on that, and that's fine.
Every gamer gets their own opinion. So I was a little worried about this at first.
But I think because the levels still feel somewhat linear-esque to me, but still have a sense of openness to them, I'm not bothered by the 3D at all.
And the actual 3D effects are cool, and they're with purpose in some places.
And, like, there's some kind of puzzle rooms, for lack of a better term, that you actually kind of use 3D in.
Can you play it in 2D? Yes. Would it look as good? No, it doesn't look as good.
So you think they've really got the hang of the 3D now?
I do, and I'll tell you one thing I love, love, and I think all the 3DS games need to do this, is they have a switch now that not only can you adjust the intensity of the 3D,
but with the switch of the D-pad, if you press the up arrow, then the 3D is up, like it's outward 3D, whereas if you hit the down arrow, it's inward 3D.
That's cool. That may not make a lot of sense the way I'm saying it, but when you play it, you'll see what I mean.
It's instead of, one will project, the other will immerse.
Yes, and this can help some of the effects, like depending on your eyes, like sometimes I notice if I'm playing the projector 3D,
there's these stages where these spiked ball things will kind of swing back and forth, like out.
Well, sometimes the 3DS does this thing where when they swing forth, your vision starts to split.
Get the ghosting.
Yeah, you see the ghosting and all that, but if you do the inward 3D, I don't see that at all.
That's probably how I would have to play the whole thing, given that every other thing I've played on a 3DS, I get the problem all the time.
You can kind of choose what 3D works for you.
So, let's see, go into our chatroom at chat.orangelaundryday.com and looking at some comments here.
DDRDollarBill says, please tell me it's not like Mario 64. It's not like Mario 64.
In my opinion, it's better, and there's going to be a lot of people that disagree with me on that, and that's fine.
Let's see, SGA100Matt says, Rob, you're not the only person I've heard say this.
Let's see, Actf says, I liked Super Mario 64, but I get why people don't like it.
Heck, my favorite Mario game is still Super Mario World.
Mine too. Mario 3D Land is not without flaw.
For instance, the StreetPass stuff is weird.
Like, you have these mystery boxes that are very similar to the Toad Houses, where if you can clear a mystery box in like 10 or 15 seconds, you might get a chance at a bonus coin.
And I guess the deal with is that if you StreetPass with people, all it does is it's like they give you a new mystery box.
And it's not necessarily one that they've played, or I don't think it really is anything but, hey, you got a little bonus because you StreetPassed with someone.
So that's kind of a little like, boy, that seems somewhat forced.
So to that, I say derp derp, but it doesn't really detract from the single-player game experience, which is still great.
I mean, StreetPassing will allow you to get more bonus coins, I think, which will allow you to get some of the levels and stuff.
But if you're really good at single-player, you could still do it.
You know, bro, one week from today, Mario Kart 7.
I know. See, there's been a lot of skepticism about the 3DS, and rightfully so.
Because this game blows any of the launch titles out of the fucking water, including Street Fighter IV.
Yeah, they launched with this?
They should have launched with this.
Now, maybe there's a method to the madness, maybe they didn't want to have the sell-outs, which would seem weird for Nintendo,
but maybe they wanted to launch it early and have this slow build, I don't know.
Or maybe they legitimately thought it would launch heavier than it did.
But if this game can't sell the 3DS, nothing will.
It's as simple as that.
If the 3DS, if this game does not carry 3DS sales, there really is nothing else they can put out on it.
I truly believe that.
This Mario game is about as good as the Nintendo game gets.
It's better than Galaxy.
It's better than New Super Mario Bros. Wii. I really think so.
Is it better than Sunshine? Because Sunshine was pretty epic.
Yes, it's better than Sunshine.
And some people think Sunshine was ass.
I think it was a lot better than... I don't get how you can like Mario 64 and hate Sunshine,
but I guess it has to do with the whole water element, but whatever.
I actually like 64 a whole lot.
I like 64, but I don't think it's... I like this game better. I really do.
This is going to be one of the best games of the year, period.
This is a great year for games.
I'm seriously sitting back going, how can I choose between Mario 3D Land, Portal 2, and Skyrim,
which one of these games is the best game of the year, because they are all fucking good.
Like, really fucking good.
And there's some games I haven't even touched yet.
I'm hearing amazing things about Zelda Skyward Sword, which I'm sure a lot of us are.
I don't think any of us in the room, oddly enough, have touched that yet,
but I'm hoping to get my hands on it before the end of the year.
There's a lot I still haven't played.
This has been a great year for games. It really has.
Thankfully, as far as releases go, aside from Mario Kart 7,
there's no real big major releases in games until the end of January.
So you got a few weeks to catch up on some stuff, at least.
SalaciousPop in our chat room says,
Sunshine was pretty terrible, to be honest, but I also hated 64.
I didn't see his thoughts on this one, but I can tell you, since we're playing on the same cartridge,
he's been playing quite a bit.
He's about as far in the game as I am, so I'm thinking he's liking this one.
So I'm hearing there's a lot of stuff.
I don't want to spoil things more than I probably already have,
but I hear there's a lot of stuff you can kind of unlock if you do really well on a lot of the levels,
and I think that's great. It kind of gives the game some value.
And obviously, there's the coins that you can go back and get and so forth.
But I get the sense that unlike 64, where you had to play the same level over and over to get the stars and all that,
if you don't get a single coin in the damn game, I think you can still beat it.
I think you can still fight Bowser and beat the game, but you will miss ten bonus levels.
You'll miss the chance to unlock the extra game.
I think there's a lot to build for.
Anyhow, yeah, good gaming week.
And I still have to play more Skyrim, I really do.
And after the Civilization sale on Steam the other day, I was like,
we need to have another Civ night.
So anyway, it's a great time to be a gamer. It really is.
Well, I have one more little thing.
Sure. What do you want to throw out there before we get into some gaming news?
Well, when you were talking about Umlaut, I forgot to mention that I designed the badges and tickets this year.
So everyone needs to go and hold on to my work forever.
So your graphic design chatter on this show is not for naught,
because now your stuff is actually going to be a part of this gaming event. That's really cool.
And no, you don't get to preview everyone. I can't show anybody.
Yeah, you have to go to the event and find out.
Rob's seen it though.
Well, I can't say anything about it. Go to the show and find out.
You can tell them it looks good.
Yes, it looks very professional. It does. It looks very professional.
I don't know how much I can and can't say on air, but I will just say,
understanding the source material, you did a really good job making everything consistent.
And kind of putting your own spin on it. So I think that's awesome.
That was the goal. Branding was the big thing.
It was actually really fun to do. Probably one of the fastest I've ever gotten anything accomplished.
But yeah, so for people who actually can't make it, they'll be up on my portfolio after the event's over.
I'm supposed to be doing something as well, but I don't think I'm at liberty to say yet.
I haven't seen – once the official word is out there, I'll be able to say something.
So that's all I can say. But I really hope you're going this year.
Everyone be there.
If you're in the San Francisco Bay Area, you really should go to them loud.
Fly out.
Join us.
All right. Quick housekeeping. Follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And hey, we're now on Google+.
That happened, the show we weren't at last week, but we are now on Google+, as well.
Unfortunately, Google did not smarten up and let you have a custom URL,
but it's really easy to find us on there just in your little Google Plus search box.
Look for Orange Lounge Radio, and it'll probably pop up by the time you get Orange and L in there.
So keep an eye out for that and plus one S and all that stuff on Google+.
All right. Let's get into some gaming news.
We're like, what, an hour into the show with all the games that we played this week?
Let's actually get into some gaming news.
It's actually a good thing we spent an hour talking about gaming weeks
because our show is a little bit abbreviated this week because of the website problems.
We don't have quite as much news as usual.
And it is also a slow news week because it's been a big holiday here in the States.
There's a few big stories we're going to get to here.
I will say also though, look forward to this, in Part B tonight,
listless returns in Part B tonight.
We love to fill slow news weeks with OLR games.
So listless coming up tonight in Part B. Okay, sorry, Loki, your turn.
Okay. So Sony is reporting that the PlayStation Move has shipped 9 million units,
and a million of those have been over the past half year.
Of course, there's a lot of funky math when you go to look at this.
One, it's unit shipped, not necessarily sold.
And two, unlike you can't compare this to the Kinect, where Kinect is a solid unit
and that's all you need to use the Kinect, the Move has multiple components.
So you can have up to four Move controllers per system.
And I'm not even sure if they're counting the navigation controllers
or whatever else to go along with that.
So who knows what that necessarily means?
9 million Move units shipped, I don't know.
But hey, it's not bad.
I mean, 9 million is a good number, even if it is four per system.
All right.
I mean, I don't know. It's just doing better than I thought it was.
Not bad.
Ours is hooked up now. I haven't played it yet.
I still have the Move controllers, but I actually have no Move.
Well, aside from LittleBigPlanet 2 obviously supports it,
but I don't have any Move required games yet.
But I don't really play my PlayStation 3 that much either.
That's why I loan out all my PlayStation 3 games.
That's funny because I've been buying most of my stuff on PS3 lately,
and a lot of it comes down to the controller.
It really does.
But if it's online, with the exception of White Knight Chronicles,
which is only a Sony game, if it's online, I usually go for Xbox.
If I play multiplayer, it's live.
Well, you know what I'm going to be playing a lot of in the next few days?
Sega Saturn!
Why?
Christmas nights.
Oh, that's right. I forgot. That's like your yearly little thing.
Your fun thing.
All right.
Well, as far as the Move goes, though, do you think the Move is a wash at this point,
or do you think they're still going to try and breathe some life into it?
I think that there's still plenty of life to be brought into it,
because after all, they support it in most of their first-party games.
Like Resistance and Killzone and SOCOM all support the Move,
and plus they have a lot of games coming out that are going to be supporting it that are pretty big.
Like Bioshock Infinite is going to be supporting the Move.
So I think that they do have a good grasp on how to use the Move with hardcore games, per se.
Better than the Kinect, that's for sure.
I'll give Sony props for that, because the way that they've done Kinect support for the hardcore games,
if you will, like Halo and Forza 4, it sucks.
It's terrible.
I mean, head tracking sounds like a good idea.
Not implemented very well at all.
And voice commands in Halo, no.
It's stupid.
It's absolutely terrible.
Do you think it's because the Kinect didn't end up being, hardware-wise, what it should have been?
Like it should have been a better camera in there?
I don't even know if that's the case.
I mean, really, if that is the problem, couldn't they revise the hardware?
Well, I guess they could separate the user base.
Wait for the next Xbox at this point.
But, I mean, I don't know. I guess it could have been better, but...
Alright.
Well, moving on to another story.
This was something that had a lot of chatter going on, especially the week that we were off last week,
but it's kind of been continuing on this week.
And that's about this new act that's in Congress, and it's called SOPA.
Not soap. SOPA, which is S-O-P-A, it's short for Stop Online Piracy Act.
Now, I'm sure most of you in the gaming community have probably heard about this act already.
If you're not aware, basically there is an act that's being explored.
It hasn't passed yet, but it's one of those things that's going through the committees,
which means it likely could go for a vote, you know, even before, possibly,
Congress takes a break for the holidays coming up in December.
And, in short, the Stop Online Piracy Act will allow the government to force internet service providers
to basically blacklist websites, make it unable to access websites, domain names,
based on the fact if they are offering infringing material or not.
You know, what they're trying to stop is they basically want to shut down things like the Pirate Bay.
Like, that'll be one of the first things that gets thrown up there is that they'll block that domain
so that you can no longer pirate, if you've been using that site, you know, videos and movies and so forth and so on.
But this is causing a lot of controversy, and the fact is it's kind of like how they are censoring things.
And, well, A, a lot of people are saying straight up when you talk censorship of the internet,
it's like, dude, this isn't China. Why are we censoring the internet?
Blocking websites, that's a China thing. That's what they do there. Why are we doing this?
And, you know, obviously what they're trying to do is stop piracy,
but unfortunately, you know, this act, I feel, kind of leaves it very vague,
because my understanding is that if a company were to complain that this website is offering infringing material,
that website could just get shut down. Oh, hold on a minute.
We have something here in this country called Due Process.
Well, actually, I believe they do. It's not as simple as, you know, they complain about it.
It does actually have to go in front of a judge to say, okay, here's our evidence that this site's doing that.
But it's not just sites that have pirated material. It's sites that they claim facilitate finding that.
So, like, Google, for example.
Pfizer's behind this because it's also targeting websites that sell, like, fake Viagra.
Pfizer's the drug company that created Viagra.
And, you know, how much spam mail do we get every day about go to this Canadian pharmacy website that sells Viagra or whatever it is?
Yeah, but we're still going to get that spam. I mean, that's not going to go away.
Oh, God, if it was going to get rid of the spam, that would be awesome, but no.
There's a couple ways. Oh, and why? I didn't even really get to the story. I was giving the background on this.
A lot of gaming companies have come out actually in support of this.
Like, Nintendo's in support of it. I believe Microsoft finally came out.
At first they weren't. Now they are. Sony's in support of it. A lot of the game companies.
Hollywood loves it. Hollywood wants this.
Hollywood's the one, yeah, trying to push this through.
Hollywood's trying to push it through.
Somebody finally came out this week against it.
And it's, like, of course the EFF's against it and all that, but it's the Business Software Alliance, the BSA, came out against this.
Even though originally they commended the idea, the BSA, or the Business Software Alliance, the CEO of them,
Robert Holliman, put in a blog post that they do not support the bill as it is because SOPA needs to, quote,
balance key innovation, privacy, and security considerations with the need to thwart the threat rogue websites pose.
Also, quote, definitions of who can be the subject of legal actions and what remedies are imposed must be tightened and narrowed.
Due process, free speech, and privacy are rights cannot be compromised.
BSA has long stood against filtering or monitoring the internet.
And I totally agree with this guy, is that I understand if they want to do something about piracy and the fake drugs,
everything that spam targets, I'm all for you trying to clean that shit up off the internet.
But where do you draw the line? You know, because filtering the internet, that's not what we do here.
You know what I mean? Like, I'm really torn, because whereas I'm like, okay, if they want to stop piracy, they have a right to stop piracy.
Well, they can't really stop piracy. What they're doing is just blocking access to these sites,
because these sites operate in countries that don't have the same piracy laws as we do.
So really, as far as jurisdiction goes in the US, there's nothing they can do about it other than block them. That's it.
And what's great about this act, and you can obviously tell that the person that drafted this really knows their internet,
it only blocks domain names. You know what domain names are, right? They're just basically easy ways for you to remember an IP address.
It's your cell phone book. Like, seriously, in this day and age, how many people actually have all the numbers in their cell phone book memorized?
Very few. You might know your parents, you might know your significant other, but that's about it.
I don't know my significant other's phone number. I don't.
And here's the thing, though.
That's okay, I don't know your significant phone number either.
It's in my phone.
Okay, there's a bunch of things that they're assuming to be true. First off, these websites or whatever,
obviously if they feel that they're going to be threatened or taken down or whatever, they're just going to give you the IP address.
You type in the IP address, boom, you're at the website. It's not blocked.
Two, they're assuming that you're using the DNS server that's provided to you by your internet provider.
But guess what? You can also forward that to a different DNS server that can be run by anybody, even yourself.
I think at the end of the day, you have to hold these websites responsible and that's the only way to stop the problem.
It's not that easy because they're not all in America.
Here's the problem, though. Much like piracy and stuff, they're going to try all these things to try to stop piracy,
but all it's going to do is hurt other people and not necessarily get rid of the piracy problem.
The problem is just like everything else with piracy, just like we've seen time and time again,
every time they've tried to do something such as, let's say, Ubisoft DRM, right?
You're not connected to the internet, the game shuts down. Pirates had it cracked in two days.
Who did that shit ultimately hurt? The legitimate users.
And that's going to be the problem with SOPA, is that the pirates will find their way around it in two days.
Who's going to ultimately get hurt? The legitimate users who are trying to access a website like AllGames.com
who suddenly got yanked because, I don't know, fucking Namco or somebody didn't like
that they were playing the music from a 25-year-old video game or something, you know?
Like, legitimate people are going to end up getting hurt. That's the problem.
And if it's anything like, you know, I've read kind of these horror stories about some file sharing sites
where Warner Brothers, they were sending cease and desist basically for files that weren't even their properties.
It just happened to have, like, names of their stuff. Part of the title was sharing their names.
I called my hard drive Batman, so Warner Brothers wants to shut me down.
You know, something like that. Or like, you know, even like YouTube.
Well, YouTube videos now, I mean, obviously, they can pull it if there's a complaint or something like that.
But it's just going to be really hard for them to do it, and I just have a feeling that even if this law passes,
I don't think it's going to do anything. Did those, like, what was it? The digital...
I don't even remember what the hell is.
The millennium... Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, basically the DVD copying thing. Did that stop people from copying DVDs?
Nope. Nothing. So people find a way around it, and it's just, it's unfortunate.
If you don't like the direction these folks are heading in, it's time to vote them out.
Because, you know, I admit, I'm sitting here going, I understand where this might be an issue or whatever,
but I can think of a lot of things that are a bigger issue right now, and that is like, you know,
I don't know, the fact that the whole country is going down the shitter, and people are very upset about that.
You know, the whole thing. And I get the...
Watch out, Rob, you might get pepper sprayed, and then locked into a detainment camp.
We do live just down the street from UC Davis, you know. Not literally down the street,
but we're not that far away, all things considered.
You know, we used to joke on the... Isn't it a long-running joke on this show?
The People's Republic of Davis, abandon all hope, you enter here, and look at what fucking happened!
And you all can see it. But anyway, anyway, outside of that joke, yeah, obviously,
I do get the element, though, that Hollywood is pissed because piracy is hurting their industry.
Because it is.
But I think to an extent, there's two things hurting that industry.
You could say that piracy is one, but the other thing that's hurting them is their failure to adapt,
is killing traditional broadcast networks.
Well, their way of adapting is, well, we're just gonna reduce the amount of options that you have.
And actually, the stuff that they're doing on the retail side of things is hurting them.
Like, for example, there's the 28-day windows, which will soon enough be 60-day windows
as soon as those contracts are up next year.
60-day windows for movies being in Redbox and also on Netflix.
And also, Warner Brothers started...
All rental customers are not able to get stuff from distribution and stuff until 60 days after the fact.
Including, which is great, one of the first titles to do this, Harry Potter and Deathly Hallows Part 2.
Just two weeks after that window is up, they're pulling Harry Potter out of circulation.
All of them. Gone. Out of circulation.
Because you have to buy it now. Because you have to.
Because it's going out of circulation so they can re-release it later on in a special Uber edition or something.
But the fact that there's not rental options for the...
I mean, not that there really is rental options because any rental store can go to the store and go buy it.
But it's limited because, you know...
And when you can't find it, you're like, shit, I'll just download it.
Yeah. And it's pretty easy to download stuff.
And unfortunately, those customers would have rented it.
Hey, maybe you might have liked it and went and bought it.
And still, there may be people that download a really crappy copy and they're like,
hey, you know what, that movie's pretty good. I'm gonna go buy it.
But it just kind of leaves a sour taste in people's mouths.
Especially with all the fucking tons of re-releases or remakes or movies based on board games or stupid shit that we don't...
Who's had an original idea in the last 50 years?
Yeah, there's not a lot of original ideas out there.
Lots of chatter in our chat room about this tonight.
Again, it's Channel Orange Lounge on the Game Surge Network.
Let me read a few comments here.
Game Guru says, I think everyone needs to be voted out, start from scratch.
Frisbee says, Hollywood is irrelevant to entertainment anymore.
Very interesting quote.
Very interesting and very true, I think, in many ways because the whole...
Well, look at what we're doing here.
We're doing a radio program.
We're doing a podcast that people can listen to in their car without having to ever turn on the radio.
What about web shows like The Guild, for example?
Or viral videos, you know?
People at this point would rather watch...
They would rather watch cute kitty laughing and giggling videos or the dog that sounds like he's really saying, I love you, than watching Whitney.
There's a lot more...
Oh, God. That show is terrible.
There's a lot more entertainment options out there than there were, say, 30 years ago, whatever.
Before when it was just like, okay, you've got radio, you've got movies, and you have TV.
That's it.
You can read a newspaper or a funny book or something like that, but now it's just the internet.
The internet's just got tons of content.
Anything you're looking for, it's just right there.
That's why these TV shows, if it's a very mediocre TV show, no one gives a fuck.
No one's going to watch that.
Like Whitney, it was terrible.
It just happens to come on sometimes after the office is done.
I'm like, ah! Horrible show! Off with you!
I just want to sort of, I guess, kind of reign things back.
Everyone pay attention who you vote for.
Don't vote a party ticket, because that's also just as dangerous.
Because that's how assholes get snuck into government positions.
Stop and take an effort to read who supports what.
Get a take home ballot, or an absentee ballot, that's how I vote every year.
Do your homework!
Exactly.
And then double check every box that you mark right before you mark it.
That's the advantage of taking one of those home.
You have time to research, you list out the pros and cons,
but the biggest thing is actually put some damn effort into your future.
I mean, how many people do you know just don't vote because, oh, I don't care?
Or, oh, it's too much work for me to go and mark some check boxes or read up on this stuff.
Oh, it's too much work.
Or, I'm going to buy this product because it's cheap and I don't care if they outsource all of their customer service.
You know, that's why it's cheap.
Think about what you do before you fucking do it.
And put effort into your life.
Well, did Dan just laugh from the other room?
Yeah, because he's mad at me because I don't have a job yet.
You're expressing yourself in other ways.
I'd like to express myself at a job. Someone hire me too while you're at it.
Well, you did get, I mean, you might not be getting paid for it,
but you at least have the fuzzy wuzzy, I contributed to a good cause.
Addendum. I want a job that will pay me too.
But you don't mind the charity work at all either.
I don't mind the charity work, but you don't know how many.
Uh oh.
You're stealing my shit list for the Warcraft thing.
I'm getting yelled at by Dan.
And if somebody out there could donate self-defense classes, I'd really appreciate that.
No, that's really besides the point.
It's when you've got it on a mass scale, that's when we see a problem.
It's one little action done by thousands of people can make a difference.
You know, if you really want to make a point for Dan, you know what job you should get?
You should run for Congress.
Fuck no.
Dan says, hell yeah, then we could be corrupt and rich.
No. No.
Awesome. There you go, Dan.
I am not going to live a life that I find morally objectionable.
I bet you could get like 10 votes from OLR listeners.
All right.
Moving on.
All right.
In all seriousness.
Can I do my story now?
Yes, you may do your story now.
We need fuzzy wuzzy happy news.
How about indie game music bundle?
Yay.
10 albums for a dollar.
The, um, there's now the indie game music bundle, which is like the humble indie bundle,
but you get 10 items for a dollar, um, including, um, stuff from Super Meat Boy and VVVVVVV Minecraft.
Um, that's, uh, Minecraft Volume Alpha, uh, Cobalt EP, Super Meat Boy Digital Special Edition Soundtrack,
Imposter Nostalgia, Raven Mark Scourge of Astellion, Ares Extinction Agenda, Return All Robots,
Mighty Milky Way, Mighty Flip Channel, uh, Champ, sorry.
PPPPPPP, the VVVVVVV, OST, and Tree of Knowledge.
You said PP.
And, um, if you can, uh, contribute more than $10, you also get Wind Up Night, Binding of Isaac, 72 Minutes of Fame,
Milk Snake, Anti-Gravity Extreme Road Trip, and Contingency.
Okay, seriously?
For just the Super Meat Boy and VVVVV or what, PPVVVV, whatever soundtracks, is like worth that whole dollar like 20 times over?
You know how I'd pronounce that?
Huh.
PRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR, the VVVVVV, OST.
So.
There.
But, uh, yeah, seriously, I'm just not as familiar with some of the other soundtracks, but I'm sure there's a lot of great chiptuney stuff in there, so, um,
You really should think about purchasing this. You really, really should think about that.
You know, if you have a dollar.
Don't think so hard you give yourself an aneurysm.
Yeah, don't do that.
All right.
But if you do, I'll kinda laugh.
Uh, Loki.
All right, so let's see.
Let's start off with some more cheerful stuff, hopefully.
So basically, there may be a sequel to Command & Conquer
possibly coming from BioWare.
It was teased during a,
they actually had a real brief video on teasing, I guess.
There's a Spike Video Games Awards
right around the corner.
And then, of course, there's also a screenshot
that's out there as well, and kind of,
it's a new BioWare game,
and they haven't really said what exactly it is,
but it looks kinda neat.
Also, there's another studio that's part of the EA,
I don't know, the ARM, if you will, Victory Games.
They're working on a new strategy title,
which people are thinking, hmm, maybe that's a cool,
Command & Conquer game, hmm, perhaps.
Also, I guess they have another Medal of Honor thing
working with one of their other studios, Danger Close.
So lots of different studios working under EA.
Remember, at one point, EA was just buying up,
not necessarily buying up everybody,
but publishing everybody.
They have, obviously, the new Respawn Entertainment
from the former execs of Infinity Ward.
You know, they're making something.
Obviously, Valve is doing a lot of stuff with them.
And then, Crytek as well.
Lots of stuff there.
But at least the BioWare game,
now, of course, right now, they don't know if it,
you know, Command & Conquer is really the game or not,
or if it's something else.
But the BioWare game is gonna be revealed December 10th
during the Spike Video Game Awards,
and like I said, they had a very, very, very brief trailer
of something with tanks.
It has tanks in it.
How do you feel about Command & Conquer
with Dialogue Trees?
Weren't you a big fan of Command & Conquer?
I soon remember this.
I used to be, Red Alert.
Red Alert was awesome.
But I haven't played Command & Conquer in a long time.
In fact, the last one that came out,
I just didn't really care for.
Well, it could be good, though,
if they turned it over to a new studio
to kind of give it a creative energy reboot,
that could be a good thing, right?
Yeah, and I'm not even sure.
I mean, there's a lot of studios working on stuff.
It could be BioWare that's doing it.
I think BioWare's actually gonna be
a different game altogether.
The thought is, though,
that Victory Games is gonna be doing this,
but I have no idea who the hell Victory Games is.
So, I guess they're a new strategy studio.
And, you know, strategy games for EA,
I mean, really, there was the Lord of the Rings games
that they had and Command & Conquer.
So, since Lord of the Rings is not part of EA anymore,
I'm gonna go on a limb and say
probably gonna be a Command & Conquer game at some point.
Or maybe, hey, a new IP, maybe a new IP.
You never know, that could be two.
That'd be good.
All right, well, let's move on to another story.
And this is about a possible answer to Smash Brothers
that Sony is making.
Now, I should say this.
I always thought that move game,
what was that called, Move Fighters?
Or something fighters?
The one that was on Sony?
I thought that was supposed to be their answer
to Smash Brothers, but I guess not really.
What, which one?
What the hell's that game that's on Sony move?
Is it Pocket Fighters?
No, nothing else.
I think you're thinking of, like,
there is a Kung Fu game that was on there.
Yeah, maybe, I don't know.
Somebody in chow yell it out.
I don't remember the original game,
but the one that they have coming to Kinect,
that's exactly the same as Kung Fu High Impact.
No, no, I'm not thinking of that, something else.
But anyway, it's fine.
There apparently is something a little more,
I don't know if you wanna say mainstream or what,
but I guess something that's a little more directly,
I don't wanna say either a Smash Brothers ripoff,
but something that's supposedly in development.
There's a lot of stuff that's leaking through this blog
called paulgalenetwork.com.
I'm not sure this gentleman's relation
to the gaming industry,
but a lot of the other gaming blogs
have picked up and ran with this,
where Title Fight is apparently the development
work in progress name of this.
And some information that's in this,
it is very similar to Super Smash Brothers.
It's the special moves and all those attacks,
you kinda do the same way.
Apparently there are some characters
already noticed in this,
and they kinda come in light and heavy flavors,
meaning like who moves slowly, who moves lightly.
Heavier characters include Sweet Tooth from Twisted Metal,
Colonel Male Retic, Fat Princess.
Some of the lighter characters include Parappa the Rappa,
that's kinda awesome if he's in a fighting game,
Kratos, Sly Cooper, and Nathan Drake.
Not sure if there's anything about a story mode
or anything like that at this time,
but yeah, I guess some information's
starting to leak out about this,
that this could be I guess something you might see
at next year's E3.
Well, another interesting thing I heard
is that there's a commercial right now
that Sony's running called the Michael Commercial.
Have you seen this?
It's floating around where it's like,
you know, we need Michael, we need Michael,
and it's like all these Sony characters
as real life people acting,
it's actually one of the better Sony commercials in a while,
but it's all these people as real life Sony characters,
we need Michael, and Michael is the player
who takes down the controller,
and it's all like be a part of the game or whatever.
And some people are saying maybe this is teasing
this whole Sony smorgasbord of characters, this project.
Cause I could certainly see this as being the big Sony
reveal of next year's E3,
because now that the Vita will already be out there,
maybe there's gonna be something about this game
and how it works between the Vita,
it could be a Vita title for all we know,
but how it works between the Vita and the PS3 and all that.
So could be neat, right?
It could be neat.
I love the idea of characters like Parappa the Rappa,
like I kind of forget about how many characters
Sony really has in their pocket.
I wonder if he's gonna give you a paper cut.
He might, it could be something he does,
or Umjama Lamy if she's in it, I'm there, but we'll see.
Milk can, yeah, my guitar is in my mind.
It would be interesting to see too,
if they were able to get from some of the other developers,
you know, kind of like how Smash Brothers had Sonic Snake
and what was it in the commercial?
Sonic.
Sonic, hello, was in the game.
It would be interesting to see if Sony could get things
that were very iconically Sony,
like Cloud from Final Fantasy 7.
Final Fantasy 7 was a huge Sony thing.
Cause that was when the franchise
jumped over to PlayStation.
Could be interesting.
Could be very interesting.
All right.
All right, what are we doing now?
Moving on to some release dates, right?
It's traveling around the world
and check out what's coming out to a store this week.
I imagine it's dying down significantly, but let's see.
Yeah, incredibly dying down.
A few things.
There's some cool new combo packs they have
with controller and game bundles.
They did this kind of last year.
And so Sony's got some of those.
One of them's Uncharted,
the dual pack with Uncharted one and two,
and then you get a dual shot controller.
I believe it's blue.
And then they have one that's in black
that comes with the Resistance one and two dual pack.
And there's also one with the God of War Origins collection.
It's, I believe, red.
Those are all on PlayStation 3.
Let's see here.
Jaws Ultimate Predator on Wii and 3DS.
Face Racers Photo Finish on 3DS.
Nano Assault on 3DS.
But really the only 3DS game you should really care about
is Mario Kart 7.
And that's coming out one week from today.
That's it.
Oh my God, one week from today?
That's awesome. One week from today.
I can't believe it.
All right.
Well, let's take a look at Japan and what they're getting.
They're actually getting a little bit more,
and I think a lot of that is because
they're getting some of the localized versions
of stuff that already came out for us.
In fact, when you look at the Xbox 360 releases
on December 1st, it looks a lot like that.
Assassin's Creed Revelations comes out
as well as Dragon Age Origins gets a reduction.
It's going into the Platinum Collection on Xbox 360.
Sonic Generations.
Shiro no Jiku is the subtitle for it over there,
comes out this week,
as well as King of Fighters XIII makes its way out
in Japan this week.
Also one other game on the 360 this week,
a game called Ever17 comes out in regular
and limited edition flavors.
I'm not sure what this game is all about.
It's an adventure game, but I'm noticing it's, you know,
anime chicks in school girl outfits.
And in this one clip, I kid you not, I'm looking,
she's holding a hamster and like talking to the hamster.
So I don't know if she's like the hamster whisperer or what,
but that's Ever17.
Is that an anime?
Maybe it's an anime.
No, I don't really watch anime anymore.
Rama's in chat.
He'll jump in if that's an anime I'm not aware of.
Actually, I take that back.
I've been watching a whole crap load of Evangelion lately.
Have you really?
Why that?
Cause the new series is out, the Rebuild of Evangelion.
And I've watched the first part already,
but I started watching some of the second part
cause they changed quite a bit of the story.
And then the third one's out.
And so I sat reading the entire Wiki, Evangelion Wiki,
just like, oh, that's it.
Okay, cool.
Going to the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan,
Mobile Suit Gundam Extreme Versus comes out this week,
as well as the Sonic Generations
and King of Fighters 13 releases.
Also on the Sony system this week, Tekken Hybrid.
You know, I saw this at Target.
We have a version here in America
that I think just came out this week.
And I had like, Alan picked it up off the shelf
and was like, I didn't know that this was coming out.
And I was like, shit, I didn't know about this one either.
But yeah, this is, what the hell?
It's like Tag Tournament and?
It's Tag Tournament HD.
There's a Tag Tournament 2 preview
and then also Tekken Bowling,
but I think that's also part of Tag Tournament.
And it's all in 3D?
Well, no, it's just those games,
plus it's also the Tekken 3D animated movie
that just came out as a 3D Blu-ray.
Got it.
So Hybrid as far as, is both a movie and both a game.
So like, you can even take that game
and play it in a regular Blu-ray player
and you can watch the movie in 3D if you want.
Or you can just, and what's great though
is remember the new Tekken game that's coming out in 3DS
will also have that movie in 3D on it,
which is pretty cool.
Gotta hit up my Namco guy.
All right, just a reminder that the PS Vita
is three weeks away, December 17th.
So. In Japan.
In Japan, not here,
but I am doing Japanese releases right now.
That's true.
Sony PSP this week, since that's still the Sony system.
Only big release is Kamen Rider Climax Heroes 4Z
comes out this week.
That's from Namco Bando and it's an action related title
that looks like kind of a 3D-esque robot fighting game,
kind of like Ultraman style characters
all fighting in that game.
Lastly, trying to peek ahead to see if the Wii or the,
that game is coming out on the Wii as well.
Let me look at a 3DS real quick.
Oh, Mario Kart 7.
They get it on December 1st in Japan.
So I'm sure we'll be hearing some early reviews
from people who imported it.
Also Sonic Generations coming out on December 1st as well.
Cooking Mama 4 this week on the 3DS.
And lastly, but not leastly,
get a load of this title.
Crayon Shin-chan Uchu de Achuu Yuzhou no Oba Karate.
Crayon Shin-chan is old school manga and anime.
Yeah. So, and it's, I love,
what was the last part of that?
I love this.
No, Oba Karate.
It makes it sound like it's like a karate crayon game.
And it is an action-based game.
And it's based on that old anime.
Kind of like a platformer.
Looks a little bit like, you know,
your Rayman kind of platformer game.
So that's it for releases in Japan.
For the UK, really not a whole bunch.
We have, on the 30th, Darkstalkers for PlayStation 3.
Which is kind of cool.
And then on December 1st, there's Infinity Blade 2.
December 2nd, Ace Combat, Assault Horizon Legacy,
Assassin's Creed Revelations for PC,
Mario Kart 7, and Super Pokemon Rumble.
That's it.
Just a few more stories for you guys,
and then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
But first, Dark Sakura.
Well, there have been a lot of pre-orders
for the Vita in Hong Kong.
Basically, they are the second city
that are getting the system.
And, well, there's mobbing in online stores
that can't, you know, meet the traffic,
and lots of stuff going on.
But it's, I guess, not nearly as bad
as getting pepper sprayed in the face
over a $2 waffle iron.
But, hey, what this basically means
is that the early demand is there.
This could be kind of a big deal.
Yarp.
It could very well be.
And I guess that's really all we can say about it for now.
I know, I was like,
I haven't had any real reaction out of it,
just that it's sold.
Maybe people are just too busy
hiding under their desk playing it.
It's interesting to know if the system's gonna do well,
or if it's gonna fall flat, so we'll see.
All right, well, hopefully.
All right.
I have high hopes for it.
Seems to be doing pretty well.
Yeah, I'm definitely gonna get one.
So, Loki.
So, there's been a lot of talk of piracy this week,
and one person, of course, to speak out about it
is Gabe Newell, the head of Valve.
And basically, one of the things he says
is piracy's almost always a service problem,
and not a pricing problem.
And the way he puts it,
it's we think there's a fundamental misconception
about piracy.
Piracy is always a service problem, not a pricing problem.
For example, if a pirate offers a product
anywhere in the world, 24-7,
purchasable from the convenience of your personal computer,
and the legal provider says that the product
is region locked, will come to your country
three months after a US release,
and can only be purchased at a brick and mortar store,
then the pirate service is more valuable.
Most DRM solutions diminish the value of the product
by either directly restricting a customer's use,
or by creating uncertainty.
So, basically, kind of alluding to Assassin's Creed 2
and the Ubisoft DRM, which we mentioned earlier,
pretty much got destroyed in a few days.
And then, of course, they're saying,
Steam isn't without its own problems.
Saints Row the Third, you know,
used, I guess, Steamworks and stuff,
and is unavailable on the UK Steam store
for reasons that THQ are yet to elaborate on.
So that kind of sucks that they don't have it yet.
But, I mean, Steam's not perfect either,
because their stuff gets pirated just as well.
I was gonna-
A lot of people seem to kind of be on board with Steam.
Yeah.
Sales help.
I was gonna elaborate real quick,
because it's not one of the stories that we had earlier,
but some other people were talking piracy,
and, funny enough, it's also Ubisoft,
and their latest game to be coming out,
well, ever delayed game to be coming out, I Am Alive,
they were saying that, well, we're not gonna put it on PC,
because piracy issues.
Basically, the creative director, Stanislaus Metra,
has basically said that PC piracy
makes the financial viability of a game
on the platform uncertain,
and Ubisoft's previously announced title, I guess,
is only planned for consoles,
and, of course, that would be I Am Alive.
So we heard loud and clear that PC gamers
are bitching about there being no version for them.
Interesting that they used bitching
in their official statement.
Says, but are these people just making noise
because there's no version,
or because it's a game they actually want to play?
Would they buy it if we made it?
And he continued saying that if 50,000 PC players
buy the game, it's not worth the cost
of putting a team of 12 on the project for three months.
Says it's hard because there's so much piracy
and so few people are playing PC games
that we have to precisely weigh it up
against the cost of making it.
Of course, that pissed off everybody, all sorts of people.
What's great, though, is shortly afterwards,
after everyone completely complained about that,
he backpedaled on that, and he's saying, let's see here,
honestly, which game maker would not love to see his game
to be playable on his main platforms
and as by many people as possible?
I don't know, it's hilarious.
I hate to say it, but I kind of think dude has a point.
I mean, a lot of games do get pirated on PC
and I think it's part of the reason
why developers are getting shy about it.
And for example, Arkham City was hella delayed on PC.
I bet, and even though the company's not very vocal
about this and for good reason,
obviously you see all this backlash,
I honestly truly believe a big part of the delay for PC
was so that consoles got the jump
because it's all about playing it,
and this goes back to Gabe Newell's point
about convenience and getting it as soon as possible
and the releases and all that.
People wanna play it now.
And I think because it's on the consoles early,
I think it really helps.
I mean, nothing's ever gonna stop piracy,
but I think it helps turn a lot of people away from it.
I mean, certainly piracy happens on the consoles too,
but it's a lot harder.
And Ubisoft further digs themselves deeper
by skipping Ghost Recon Future Soldier on PC as well
because, piracy, they even said,
they're gonna do Ghost Recon Online,
and said, when we started Ghost Recon Online,
we were thinking about Ghost Recon Future Soldier
having something imported in the classic way
without any deep development
because we know that 95% of our consumers
will pirate the game.
So we said, okay, we'll have to change our mind.
Well, that's very positive that your game,
you feel it's just gonna be pirated like crazy.
And they're basically saying that there's no,
we're giving away most of the content for free
because there's no barrier to entry.
And this is talking about Ghost Recon Online.
And it says, to the users that are traditionally
playing the game by getting it through Pirate Bay,
we said, okay, go ahead, guys.
This is what you're asking for.
We've listened to you.
We're gonna give you this experience.
It's easy to download.
There's no DRM that will pollute your experience.
So basically, they're like,
well, there's nothing we can do,
so we're just gonna stop.
So we've designed a free-to-play game.
Yeah.
Interesting tactic.
You know, as much as I think people wanna hate this guy,
I think it's somewhat of a fair response.
I really do.
Yeah.
I mean, that is, but I am sorry.
I am alive, though.
First off, it's running and older.
It's not like they have to create the engine
totally from scratch.
It's the Splinter Cell Conviction Engine.
But, and it's also a game that's been delayed
and delayed and delayed,
and I don't think it's a game that really
a lot of people are like, oh my God, I gotta play this.
I think they're just pissed off that they're saying,
oh, well, no one plays PC games.
I think there's a lot of people who disagree with you.
All right, I'm going to our chat room
for some comments on some various stories
we've been talking about,
because obviously, we are the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Usually our...
Except everyone.
Usually our chat room is at chat.orangelandraday.com,
but due to website issues tonight,
we are giving you the long way of getting there,
which is going on to IRC, the Game Surge Network,
and we are at Channel Orange Lounge.
Or you know what, for real,
if you really don't know how to get there,
just go to chat.allgames.com and ask them,
how do I join Orange Lounge?
They'll tell you.
They're nice.
Especially tonight.
I told them, I said, please be nice,
because we don't have a website.
Anyhow, just some clarifications.
Ever17.
Rama figured it out.
It's not an anime.
It's a visual novel that's now been adapted to a game.
So that's what Ever17 is.
Let's see.
Kajudo is talking about the Vita in Hong Kong,
saying they're buying the Vita in Hong Kong
so they can resell it.
That's the only reason.
Interesting perspective, because you might say,
oh no, that can't be it,
but that kind of shit happens in America, too.
Like, you know, when the Wiis first came out,
and hell, the Xboxes.
Remember when people were buying up
the limited Xbox supplies
and then reselling them for twice as much?
This shit happens with new tech all the time.
So I could believe that.
I can actually really believe that.
So we'll see.
I guess that isn't necessarily an indicator
of how strong something's gonna sell,
because people tried to do that with the 3DS,
and it didn't work so well for them.
I don't think they made money on that.
So there you go.
Kajudo in chat says there is only one way to stop piracy,
make everything free.
Yes, Kajudo, I need you to make me a sandwich,
and don't you expect me to pay you for it?
Just teasing.
But he does go on to say it will never happen.
Piracy will never,
it will never happen.
No one will, nowhere will piracy ever stop.
So please stop torturing us with your shitty attempts at DRM.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's move on with one more story from me.
Then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
This is something we found
when we tried to put together tonight's show
without a website.
We found this one quickly.
It was something we found on Dig,
and it's a blog post from a website,
damnlag.com,
and it's an article about game developers,
you need to take your demos more seriously.
And of course, now that I'm trying to bring it up in studio,
it's not loading,
the joys of live radio and internet timeouts.
I did read the article a little bit before the show.
I think an ad is trying to prevent this thing
from popping up all the way or something.
Yeah, the internet's working.
Yeah, I know, no, the internet's working fine.
Amazing.
Damn people.
So apparently this demo,
he's talking about the Rayman Origins demo
had recently, I was working for you, fantastic.
It's not coming up on the computer over there.
All right.
So it's talking about how the Rayman Origins demo
was really good,
and the author of the article at damnlag.com
was talking about how he's played through the demo
several times and how it's just a great game.
It kind of has elements of New Super Mario Brothers Wii,
and mixing with the original Rayman and so forth.
Saying that, I didn't really know about this game before.
Sure, I heard a little bit about it at E3,
but I'm kind of throwing this in there.
Let's face it, it's a really crowded time of year.
There's a lot of video games out right now.
It's really kind of hard to get the attention.
And the article talks about how developers
usually think of demos as an afterthought,
that if they even bother to put one out at all.
And then talks about, the article goes on to talk about
how if you can get a customer to really experience the game
or even a demo that's mid-game,
citing like Heavenly Sword,
something that kind of takes
not just the beginning of the game,
but something that's a little bit in the middle of the game,
that's a really good demo.
And then some companies actually do levels
that are just for demos.
Like DMA Design actually did something in the 90s
where they did Lemmings demos
that were like Christmas-themed levels, but free.
So whatever happened to a good old-fashioned demo?
Because a lot of games don't even bother with them.
PEGL Extreme, I mean, if you want to look at that,
that came out with all of the Valve branding on it.
But it was, in essence, a free demo,
because it says, hey, if you really liked playing this,
and you get, I think like 10 levels or so of PEGL,
it says, hey, if you like this,
try out the real thing, here you go.
So PopCap did it.
Well, the reason why I wanted to talk about this story
a little bit is I kind of wanted to ask you guys,
how important is a demo for you guys
in influencing your game buying decisions?
I mean, do you like to use reviews?
Do you just kind of jump in if it's cheap?
Do you use game demos or what?
I'll kind of answer this, is that I do like game demos.
I don't think they're necessarily the most important thing
in selling a game, because I think,
especially now that we live in a day and age
where we have Gamefly and hell, even now streaming games,
thanks to OnLive and so forth,
OnLive especially is interesting,
because now your demo can just be,
oh, play an hour of it for free,
or something like what Steam did
over the weekend with Magica.
So I think there's a lot of that evolving,
but I'm not gonna lie, a really good demo
can absolutely sell a game, absolutely,
because it leaves you wanting more, you know?
Well, on top of that, you also get an idea of edits
that they've made in games too,
because a lot of times a demo's not gonna have
all the edits that make it into the final game.
And if you are clever and can get into the information
on the disk, you can get more out of it, you know?
But I mean, we've got a pile of PlayStation Magazine demos
in Devault.
Oh yeah, those PlayStation demos are always the bomb.
Those are great.
I've played so much Jumping Flash.
From the demo disk that came
with my friend's ex-boyfriend's PlayStation.
Well, how many people bought, what was it,
like Brave Fencer Mushashi or whatever,
just because it came with the Final Fantasy VIII demo?
Yes.
Or there was, what game got the Final Fantasy VII demo?
Can't remember.
Toe Ball.
Toe Ball.
Yeah.
Yeah, and that sold a lot just because of the demo too.
But Toe Ball actually wasn't a bad game.
Yeah, yeah, no, I know, but there's a lot of people.
Really wish they'd make a new Toe Ball.
They did a second one.
Well, I know they did a second one, it was awesome,
but I really wish they'd make a new Toe Ball.
Going to the chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com,
Act Def says, I usually ask people.
JV Mon says, I use demos for franchises
I'm not familiar with.
If it wasn't for demos,
I would never have bought Blue Dragon or Cold Seps Saga.
Cold Seps Saga is awesome.
Cold Seps Saga is an interesting one
because I didn't play the demo for that,
but a friend of mine got me into that
and was like, this is the best game ever
and nobody's ever heard of it.
And it's true.
Like I've never heard anything about that game,
but it's like fricking Magic the Gathering meets Monopoly.
It was actually kind of awesome.
Kaijuto says, demo made me buy Just Cause 2.
I love that game.
Hitstun goes so far as to make a little graph here.
My usual considerations when buying games.
Friends playing, greater than reviews,
greater than price, greater than hype, greater than demo.
So kind of putting demo towards the end of the chain there.
See, I honestly,
because my friends have kind of different tastes
all across the board.
So one person may like something
and I've turned out to completely hate it.
I mean, because it's just how it is.
I don't believe in making a judgment
until I've played some of it, you know, or seen it played.
So demos and, you know, online videos of a game
really do more for me
than relying on another person's opinion,
if that makes sense.
Not that I disrespect my friends' opinions,
but it's just, honestly,
there's games that a lot of people love
that I'm like, what the hell?
Like, to be perfectly honest,
I'm kind of not all that into Skyrim.
I don't care about Diablo 3 coming out.
I mean, I really don't care.
I really didn't care about Star Wars that much
other than I'm missing something free.
I mean, you know what I like.
I go for quirky and weird.
So just because another person says they like it
or one of my friends is playing,
it doesn't necessarily mean that I'm gonna like it.
I'd have to give it a try first.
All right, but then Technus kind of gives us
our final thought on this story here.
I think not enough companies make demos for their games.
It is a lot of work, though, to turn out a demo, I mean.
But yeah, I think people discover games
in many different ways,
and a good demo is certainly one of them.
But a bad demo can really damn your game.
You know, one other thing, I guess I wanna open this,
because I'm not so sure the article
got into talking about this,
but I think when it comes to the Xbox Live arcade games
or PlayStation Network games,
those demos can really make or break the damn game.
I really do make my decisions based off those demos.
I play those demos a lot, I really do.
And I think those demos are really important,
because especially when it's so easy,
just press X to upgrade, you know what I mean?
How easy is that if you really enjoy a demo?
Anyhow, we're gonna now take a moment
to dive into gaming history.
With the classic Game of the Week segment.
No demo needed here, you play it
because Dark Soccer has said so.
It's the classic Game of the Week.
Very interesting choice this week.
I hope that you picked the music
from the first one on the list.
There was no list this week, Dark Soccer,
because of the website.
But I told you what the game was.
You did, so hopefully this is the right one, we'll see.
Just play.
Okay, so the Game of the Week is called Three Wonders,
or as it was in Japan, Wonder Three.
And it's an arcade game that was made by Capcom in 1991
in a CPS1 game, and you can choose three games in it.
You have Midnight Wanderers, Quest for the Chariot,
which in Japan is called Roosters,
and it has a hobbit named Lu and Shiva in it,
which I wanna still say Shiva,
because that's how it would have been pronounced
in the Japanese version.
Then there's Chariot, and then Trick through the Sky,
which is also just called Chariot in Japan.
And then Don't Pull.
Midnight Wanderers is a platform game,
and it's actually really, really cool.
I've watched Dan play it through a number of times,
and I've played it a little bit myself, pretty fun.
And then Chariot is a shmup,
where you have Lu and Shiva as well.
And then Don't Pull is kind of like Pando.
It's a pulling puzzle-type game.
It came out in 1998 on the Sega Saturn
and on the PlayStation.
And then Capcom re-released it in 2006
on the Capcom Classics Collection Volume 2 on PS2 and Xbox,
and Capcom Classics Collection Remix 2 on PS3.
Really, there's not a whole bunch to say,
because they're really simple.
They speak for themselves.
I mean, I've seen a lot more of Midnight Wanderers
than the other two, just because, you know,
seeing Dan play through the whole thing is pretty fun.
But I think what I like best about that one
is I really, really, really love the art style in it.
It's really cool.
And I like the music in it a lot, too.
Hit me, Dan!
Get in here and tell us about the game.
He said no, he's a butthead.
But it really is very bright, vivid colors, very pretty.
It's a great game.
Lu also made it as an assist character
for Marvel versus Capcom.
And he basically looked exactly like he did
in Midnight Wanderers.
And then,
Sheeva was actually,
well, there was a character based on him for Cannon Spike.
It was called Sheeva Shintaro, who was based off of him.
But, I mean, that's really it.
I mean, it's kind of a no-brainer.
Everyone should play this game.
But really, everyone should just be playing
the Midnight Wanderers part of the game.
So the classic game of the week is Three Wonders.
Or, if you want, it's just Midnight Wanderers, really.
Yeah, but I mean, Chariot's not bad.
Chariot's not bad.
And I don't know, the puzzle game kind of pisses me off.
But then again, I suck at Pingo.
I like Pingo, so I would actually check out the puzzler.
That sounds like kind of cool.
And if anyone finds a Three Wonders machine,
Freakin' take a picture of it for me.
Yeah, I've never even heard of this game.
I really haven't.
And it even runs on, like, Capcom hardware.
You'd think this thing would be everywhere, so.
Well, you can, I mean, you can run it on May.
I'm sure, yeah, emulator, easy, but.
Yeah, but it's really neat, but yeah.
I think just the star of the collection
is Midnight Wanderers.
All right, there you go.
Your classic game of the week, Three Wonders in the arcade.
Never on a console, right?
I just said it came out on consoles.
Sorry, I was trying to deal with another issue.
It came out in 1998 on the Saturn and PlayStation.
Oh, nice, okay.
And then we got re-releases in 2006
for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox,
which was the Capcom Classics Collection Volume 2.
And then the PSP is Capcom Classics Collection remixed.
All right, very cool.
Very, very awesome thing to have.
All right.
Well, we're gonna take a break here at Orange Launch Radio,
but don't go anywhere, guys.
We'll be right back with part B of our show,
which might be a little bit shorter,
but that just means more time for calls
and, and coming up tonight, a list-list.
And we'll tell you guys the topic
when we come back in a little bit
with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
["Orange Lounge Radio Theme Song"]
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio
for the second half of our show,
live on November the 27th of 2011 at All Games Radio.
Yes, our website's busted right now.
If you try to visit it at OrangeLaunchRadio.com,
you get a message that implies we haven't paid a bill,
but trust me, if it was that easy to fix,
we would've done it for the show.
Keep in mind, our website is graciously donated,
but you can't complain about free,
so we just kinda have to wait for things
to work themselves out behind the scenes.
So anyhow, moving on, we are still trying to tape a show
so that whenever our website does get back up,
we can podcast it.
And we're having fun with our live listeners
who are in our chat room.
You still can't get to our chat room,
even without chat.orangelaunchradio.com,
which you can do.
You can go to any IRC client,
look up Gamesurge, which is the IRC.gamesurge.net,
and join Channel Orange Lounge.
You can also do that through the All Games chat client.
So if you just go over to chat.allgames.com,
if you really want something online,
just join Channel Orange Lounge from there.
That's really easy.
We will be taking your phone calls a little later on,
and so forth.
We also have a list list coming up,
and we'll get to that very, very soon.
I hope everybody in studio has their list together.
We'll be taking your votes on that soon.
And you do have to be in our chat room
if you want to participate with that.
And no mailbag tonight, sadly.
We can't get to the emails, don't.
But we will be getting to your tweets.
So get your tweets in.
If you haven't already sent those in,
twitter.com slash O-L-R.
No rapid fire news tonight.
We're just gonna get back right into some longer news.
We'll start with, oh, I wanted to,
actually, I did want to talk about this quickly.
We talked about Black Friday stuff a little bit already,
and just some of the craziness
that was going on out there.
One of the stories that I had actually grabbed
was about folks that were actually pepper sprayed
in the face and slammed and all this stuff.
I think a lot of you guys heard about this.
I'm sure it was all over the news.
Some chick that was trying to get an Xbox
actually pepper sprayed people trying to get to it.
So people just getting crazy out there.
I have zero desire to participate
in any of this type of Black Friday antics,
but I noticed that I was leaving a Thanksgiving dinner
in the Bay Area at about 1130,
and I had to drive, my friend that lives there
lives right by that Fry's in Fremont.
Or maybe it's actually Milpitas at that point.
Yeah, Milpitas.
Yeah, so I had to literally drive right by that.
And yeah, parking lot was a madhouse,
and there was already a line at 1130.
You know, and it just, I was like,
I do not want to be anywhere near here.
And it's funny because you have Fry's
on the left side of the road,
and then Walmart on the right side of the road.
And so like all the cars in the left turn lane
were backed up and all the cars in the right turn lane
were backed up.
The only clear lane was the middle.
You could zoom right down through the middle
and get back on the freeway, which is right there.
So it's just, I for one would never be out
in this kind of madness, but.
I didn't leave the house.
No, I don't blame you.
You know how some of the local Fry's,
they have like themes to them and stuff.
Like the one we have in Roseville
is like railroad and stuff.
The theme for the Fry's I'd given Milpitas
is like black market.
It's just cages and components.
That's it, old school.
It's like a science lab in there or something.
Yeah, so yeah.
I am much more of a fan of Cyber Monday,
which is coming up tomorrow.
And I guess some of the sales are out there already.
Wait till they figure out how to pepper spray you
through the computer.
There's always that tumbler.
You can see that pepper spray guy,
Oliver was pepper spray cop,
pepper spraying cop, that tumbler.
Also, I wanna mention this,
another great way to save money
is through the sales online through services like Steam,
who just had a pretty awesome sale, I gotta say.
Portal 2 was $10 on Wednesday.
Civilization 5 was $10 yesterday.
They've been having some really good sales.
I don't know if you guys have picked anything up.
I actually didn't, I gotta admit,
a lot of the games that were on sale
that I would have bought,
I already bought at full price earlier.
So I didn't really indulge in the sale,
except I did buy some DLC.
I bought some Civ 5 DLC
that I hadn't picked up before during the sale.
Did you guys do,
did you guys purchase anything through these sales?
Nope.
No?
No?
Oh.
And what about you guys in our chatroom
at chat.ownerswesterly.com?
You know, I tried to poll the people on our Google+,
our new Google Plus page,
and I kinda got a very similar response,
where it's like, nah, didn't wanna be out fighting in it.
I had a better time just kinda pointing
and laughing at people.
I've learned my lesson from going
to some Black Friday stuff.
Not necessarily lining up at like midnight or something,
but just going there during the day.
And I remember the last time I actually went out,
well there was two times,
there was one where I went out
cause I actually needed some DVD-Rs,
and so I went to Best Buy.
It wasn't actually that bad.
There was no one,
I mean it was just like in normal Saturday traffic.
I think as long as you're not there
like an hour or two before or after opening, it's fine.
Yeah, so that was that.
And then I went to Fry's one time,
cause I was looking for something,
I don't remember exactly what now,
but Fry's was terrible.
And it was like in the afternoon on Black Friday,
and the line was just like an hour and a half long
for whatever.
And I mean, that's bad when they have
like 30 registers open or something,
but and that line is still that long.
It was really bad.
And they had a guy walking around the balloon,
a giant like weather balloon that says line ends here,
and he's basically,
this line just snakes through the entire store.
It was ridiculous.
Crazy.
But yeah, I don't really like doing that stuff,
and even like the recent games I've got,
I actually have Call of Duty,
Modern Warfare 3 that I got for free,
and Skyrim I got for free,
cause every now and then the publisher
likes to actually send us stuff.
So I played that,
but I'm not going to buy any new stuff.
In fact, actually probably not gonna buy any new games
for a long time.
I don't really know what the next new game
I'd probably get with.
I gotta buy Mario Kart.
Borderlands 2, but that's about it.
I gotta buy Mario Kart.
I still have a credit on Amazon though, so.
I'm seriously thinking of trading in Modern Warfare 3
for like probably,
I'd probably lean more towards Super Mario Land 3D
than I would.
It's great.
It's really good.
Mario Kart, cause Mario Kart's kinda,
it's the same stuff all over again, you know?
They don't really,
they're like repeating old classic tracks
instead of coming up with original stuff
and then adding the classic tracks.
We got a couple comments in our chat rooms.
Evil, or E3VL, which I think he has evil,
is in our chat saying,
is the Cyber Monday sale separate
from the Autumn sale on Steam?
I'm not sure if Steam's gonna do something separate
on Monday.
I wouldn't anticipate it.
Well there's also, remember,
the Amazon Gold Box sales,
which are always really good.
Cyber Monday is actually an internet-wide thing.
It's kind of the internet's response to Black Friday,
because Monday is when everybody goes back to work.
And I guess there's this perception
that nobody actually works when they go back to work,
instead they're online shopping all day.
So all these companies do,
all these companies do these big online sales on Monday.
So it's totally a man-made invented thing,
but hey, any excuse for a sale, right?
So Steam may get in on it.
I know Microsoft is supposed to be doing something.
They've been doing some sales on Xbox Live all week.
Like you can get things like Bejeweled 3,
and God, some game was only like 240,
oh, I think it's Bejeweled Blitz or something,
it's only like 240 Microsoft points,
which is about what it's worth, so.
JVMod in our chat room is talking about
some of the Black Friday sales he got.
I got the $200 PlayStation 3 bundle,
the $179.99 3DS bundle,
the $199.99 42-inch TV,
and a 3004 laptop.
I don't know what a 3004 laptop is.
I think he mistyped something.
The rest of that is, sounds like you,
dude, can I have a loan?
Probably 300 for a laptop.
Oh yeah, maybe that's what it is,
300 for a laptop.
Oh, $300, maybe shift F4.
So that's nice though.
That's like your whole electronics
for several years taken care of in one day.
It's pretty nice.
And Technus says, oh, and after working
a Black Friday myself, I cannot support it.
You know, I got to say,
props to you folks in retail,
especially those of you on the front lines.
I mean, yeah, people pepper spraying
in Walmart and shit is madness,
but can you imagine having to work
that Walmart that night?
Oh my God.
You poor people.
There's a very big reason why
I never want to do retail again.
That's, it's all summed up in one day right there.
All right, let's move on with some gaming news.
Logie.
Well, just because you've done what,
10 of them in a row?
Dan called us all blisses.
Uh, yeah.
I got a funny story, actually,
about this story that I'm gonna talk about.
First off, let's talk about this.
Ridge Racer Vita.
We were talking about why people pirate stuff.
This is pretty bad.
Ridge Racer Vita, it only includes
three courses and five cars.
It sounds almost like a demo to me.
Apparently, according to the Japanese press sampling
of Ridge Racer, they're surprised to find
that the game only has a few tracks and a few cars.
They said, of course, there will be download content,
but it's just weird that there's so little material.
Also, apparently, I guess there's also supposed
to be this planetary league as well,
which is a new mode that sounds kinda neat.
Planetary league, I guess Namco is,
they're gonna be sending out team battle missions
for multiplayer, plus it's also playable over Wi-Fi
and ad hoc and all sorts of stuff,
and you can share ghost data,
but three tracks and five cars, really?
I mean, and on top of that.
Because you know it's gonna be DLC.
And on top of that, okay, the game is supposed
to be slightly cheaper than most of the Vita games,
but 40 bucks instead of 50.
Exactly, exactly.
Boo hiss.
If this is true, if this is true,
then fuck this game for real.
And it only runs at 30 frames per second
instead of 60 frames per second.
And here's, I had a dream last night about this.
I seriously, for some reason, and I don't even know why,
because I read this earlier in the week,
some reason I just had a dream about this,
and I remember I was talking to some guy
who apparently, in the dream, was representative
of the person responsible for this game,
and my response was this.
What the fuck were you thinking?
I mean, really, seriously?
Three fucking tracks and five cars?
No one's gonna fucking buy this game.
I don't give a shit if it's Ridge Racer.
This is ridiculous.
It's Ridge Racer.
The rest of the letters are available
in a $3.99 download content bundle pack.
Not even, you wouldn't even finish Ridge.
It'd be rid.
That's all you get for this.
I mean, three fucking tracks.
Here's the thing.
It's one thing to just openly reject this game
if it does come out for $40.
I hope this is just like maybe an early build,
like a press build or something, like a demo.
Maybe just they're really working to get the full game done
and it's just not ready, you know?
And it's not gonna be ready until it goes gold.
I'm really hoping that's what happens.
And soon we'll get this Japanese website that's like,
comes with 20 tracks and 20 cars.
You know, something like that.
Oh, I hope so, because Ridge Racer's pretty awesome.
I think for the launch, you know, the 3DS,
it was one of the best games that they had available.
It was, yeah.
Even though there was all rehash stuff, but.
But the 3D effects, it was a good 3D show-off game, yeah.
But, I mean, seriously.
I like Dungeon Buster in our chat room.
Ridge rip-off.
It is just, and it's funny though,
because I actually, I watched, I was reading this
and then I watched the trailer.
I'm like, hey, you know what?
That trailer only shows these three tracks.
I wonder.
But it's gonna be one thing if the game
comes out like this, but it's gonna be just
flat out insulting if they add a bunch of tracks
as download content.
Unless it's all free.
If it's free DLC, they won't be.
But why would they do that?
They won't.
No.
If, now here's where I would support it.
Remember on the PSP, they had Rockband.
You can buy Rockband in the game.
Then they also had Rockband where you could buy,
or download the free demo, and then you pay for songs.
Oh yeah, I remember that, yeah, yeah.
I'm fine with that.
If they wanna do this, like say,
put it on the store and like, you know,
okay, well, you can buy the game for nothing
and it comes with three tracks and five cars
and you can buy the rest of the game for DLC.
I'm fine with that.
Or, you know, you pay 99 cents
and you get the rest of this later on.
But as a retail game for like,
I'm assuming this is gonna be 40 bucks.
I have yet to see the setup information for this
so I can't confirm on the price yet.
Hopefully I'll know that soon.
But this is, it's probably gonna be about a $40 game.
Well, Namco, one thing you need to do
when you get back to work this week after the holiday
is you need to clarify, so I guess maybe in Japan
they didn't really have the same holiday,
but still, come next week at work,
they need to clarify what the hell's going on here.
What is this game actually gonna have in it?
So hopefully next week we can correct that.
Anyhow, let's move on.
A story has hit computer and video games.com
about two possible, as they're calling it,
Xbox 720 models that are planned.
Apparently there's gonna be a dual SKU strategy expected,
along with a significant Kinect upgrade.
Long story short, you may or may not remember this,
remember the Xbox 360 had two ways you could buy it.
They had the, what, the regular, or,
what was it called at the time?
The core and the premium.
And the leader, core and premium, yeah, that's right.
And the non, one of them was what, $299, right?
And that was no hard drive.
$299 for the core, no hard drive.
No onboard memory at the time,
because this was the first Xbox.
No hard drive, nothing.
It's just basically the box, that's it.
And then there was this elite version
that came with a hard drive,
and it came with, thank you, a wireless controller
instead of a wired one.
Yeah, that was the other big difference.
And I think a shiny silver door
as opposed to a plain white one.
Yep.
Whoopie doo, right?
So apparently that's the road they're going down
for whatever this next Xbox is,
is that one will be a pared down system
to be released as cheaply as possible,
positioned more along the lines of a set top box,
because 360 as a Netflix viewing device
is apparently a huge deal,
and perhaps a Kinect themed gaming portal.
But then there will be a more fully featured machine
with an optical drive, hard disk,
and backward compatibility aimed at the hardcore
would be released at a higher price point.
Listen to that again.
There's going to be a vert,
maybe if rumors are to be believed,
and there's gonna be rumors or anything at this point,
but maybe there's gonna be an Xbox with no drive.
Dude, I don't buy that there's not gonna be drive in there.
Optical drives are so fucking cheap.
It's just, why would you do that?
I mean, because basically you're forcing people
to buy the new product online.
That's really the way they wanna go with it, then fine.
But really no optical drive?
I mean, drive, DVD drives?
Okay, let's assume that it's gonna be a Blu-ray drive.
Probably drives are not incredibly expensive anymore.
I mean, they're not as cheap as DVD drives,
that's for sure, but.
You can get a Blu-ray player now
for what, 80 bucks, 100 bucks?
I can't imagine that those drives are that expensive.
Those things used to be four or five hundred dollars.
Of course, same thing could be said about DVD players.
I remember a time when a DVD player was like,
that's the thing the rich kids had.
I just, I don't know.
I mean, hey, whatever, that's fine.
They're giving you options,
so you don't have to buy the cheap, cheap, cheap one
if you really wanna.
So obviously a lot of this is still to be unveiled.
Another rumor is that Kinect will likely get
a significant upgrade and be bundled with the console.
That all makes sense.
I mean, I think Kinect is something Microsoft's kind of,
you know, embedded in their self now.
And I think Kinect was supposed to be
a higher resolution to begin with.
They had to kind of take it down a resolution a little bit
to work with the system as it was today.
But like, you know, remember we're seeing the patents
for like it was gonna read sign language and shit?
Like if it had the higher resolution, it could do that.
But it'll get better.
It'll be interesting.
Yeah, the technology will get better, that's for sure.
But then here's the other thing.
Can I tell you the thing that bothers me most
about this story?
As that it's called two Xbox 720 models reportedly planned.
Okay, seriously, we need to stop calling it the Xbox 720
because that is a stupid name.
It's not gonna be called the Xbox 720.
Why would you call it that?
Okay, the Xbox 360 did not come after the Xbox 359, okay?
It's not, you know, and I get it 360 times two is 720.
But you know what?
Something tells me they're gonna just go another direction
with the name.
As to what direction they're gonna go with the name?
Well, we thought we would bring back one of our old friends
to help us figure that out.
What exactly that name could be.
And that is a segment on the show
we like to call listless.
That's right.
Tonight's listless topic is what should we refer
to the new Xbox as?
What should the new Xbox be called?
What should we refer to it as here on the program?
Because we're not calling it the Xbox 720 anymore.
So what should the new name for the Xbox two
or whatever it's gonna be,
or I guess it would really be Xbox three,
what should it be called?
Okay, so if you wanna give us suggestions,
you can in our chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com.
But this is a highly scientific process, people.
Here's the way the list works
if you've never listened to listless before on the show.
We're each gonna go around and give our top three answers.
That'll come up with a list of nines.
We have no guests tonight.
Usually it's a list of 12, not tonight.
But then we're each gonna go around
and take one off the list.
Oh, that's the hard part.
That'll leave a list of six,
which you guys will go around and vote on your number one
and number two answers for.
And we're gonna get a definitive answer
for what should the new Xbox be called?
All right.
So chat.orangelandradio.com
if you wanna give our suggestion.
Excuse me, I forgot that doesn't work tonight.
Channel Orange Lounge on IRC Game Surge
if you wanna give your suggestions.
Let's start building the list.
So we will start with, we'll start with Loki tonight.
Your number three answer,
what should they call the new Xbox?
Or what should we refer to it as here on the show?
Well, the way they have been changing their naming schemes
for things like, especially Windows operating system
and stuff before it used to be Windows 95,
Vista, and they'd have clunky names.
Now it's Windows 7 and they're talking about Windows 8.
So I'm just gonna say Microsoft Xbox 3.
And when I close my eyes, it's all that I need.
Because it's simplified that's,
I know it makes no sense, 363, but whatever.
So you're just gonna say, just call it the Xbox 3.
Xbox 3.
Why not?
It works for PlayStation.
Why not?
All right.
Let's go to DarkSakura, your number three answer
for what should the new Xbox be referred to
as here on the program?
Xbox 420.
I wonder what this system does.
Oh man, suddenly I want to eat some Cheetos.
Oh, what do you want to play?
Fuck it.
Why is Cheech and Chong suddenly the spokespeople
for this system?
Or I guess now it's Harold and Kumar, I guess.
The Xbox 420, got to make some more of them.
All right, the Xbox 420.
All right.
I don't know, man.
They have Neil Patrick Harris back in the system.
That's true.
That is an unstoppable force right there.
Can I just say for a minute on a completely random,
stop the list list, the new Muppets movie
was so fucking awesome.
Like for real, it was a kid's movie for 30 year olds.
He has a cameo.
A lot of people have a cameo that they don't tell you about.
Neil Patrick Harris is one of them.
Also, and it's a great line too.
His voice makes the line for California screaming tolerable.
Yes.
I'm just saying the new Muppets movie is really fucking good.
It's a little bit hokey cause it's a kid's movie,
but it's great.
When someone buys my ticket, I'll go see it.
What cameo?
Line for what?
Okay, he's now the announcer for California screaming.
So he does the safety announcement,
kind of like a fair barker.
And then when you're in, sorry Rob.
Sorry, it's a name suggested in chat.
See, you in the chat can influence the list
cause I just saw a name in there
I am fucking taking for the list.
So when you're actually in the thing ready to go,
it says second thoughts, too late.
Five, four, three, two, one, boom.
Nice, all right.
So it makes it all the way better.
All right, back to the list.
So so far we have Microsoft Xbox three and Xbox four 20.
I now I have to explain this name a little bit.
My name is the Dex box.
The Dex box because Dex is short for what
in Dungeons and Dragons speak dexterity.
That's something that thieves have a high amount of.
So it's the Dex box.
And so via Microsoft Dex box steal from you.
You know what?
I always played Rangers.
All right.
The Microsoft Dex box is my answer.
Let's go to Loki for your number two answer.
Oh, I'm trying to think of really stupid Microsoft names.
Let's see.
The Microsoft windows eight entertainment system.
Yes, it's very generic and stupid,
but you know what?
It's something that sounds like
it could be a Microsoft product.
The windows eight entertainment system.
Who would call it the waiters?
Waiters.
There's a fly in my soup waiters.
Only if Harvey Fierstein can be the spokesperson
for the waiters.
That would be great.
I call my mother and tell her to get a waiters.
You could have been a doctor,
but instead you're a waiters.
I don't know why.
When I hear the name waiters,
I think about Harvey Fierstein,
but it just works.
Doesn't it?
I could have retired and broke her.
The waiters.
It has high definition connect.
You can see how big your wiener is.
It's the way it is.
And I'll tell you eight isn't enough.
Okay.
Moving on.
Dark soccer.
What's your number two pick?
Zoom box.
I almost said your number eight pick.
Your number two pick zoom box.
Zoom box.
Oh, zoom box.
X, U, N, E, B, O, X.
You want to spell it with an X instead of a Z?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
No, I like it.
It's like, it's like Shusha.
Or you can spell it with a Z.
That's fine.
You have to spell it with a Z
because that's what the thing is.
I don't know.
I was just in the X thing.
Okay.
Zoom box.
Even though I think Microsoft retired
the zoom some time ago.
Oh yeah.
They have zoom work.
Okay.
Zoom box.
I could see that.
Maybe the zoom would be safe.
Cause it's cooler to have it zoom box.
Oh, sorry.
No dash.
Yeah.
That's how I would brand it.
If they would hire me.
Damn it.
Microsoft.
You should hire me to be your designer
because I'm amazing.
And I make all your stuff look like Apple stuff.
All right.
Let's move on.
My number two answer.
I'm going to just put this.
This is the rumored name.
And I do like this as a name for the system.
And just in case this really is the name,
I would like to be able to say we were right.
And we called it on the list.
So I'm going to put X-Box loop on the list.
Cause loop is the rumored name
or at least the working title.
That's a stupid name.
Well, it makes sense though.
360 and then loop.
I don't know.
It's X-Box loop.
It makes me think back to the books I was reading.
Spiral, loop, and then.
All right.
So that means that like some crazy ass dead girl
is going to climb out of my X-Box loop.
When I don't change a disc for seven days.
And that's how they'll market it.
Is that, you know, in seven days,
this machine will kill you.
All right.
Number one answer time.
Loki, number one for the list.
Let's see.
I'm going to do, let's see the Microsoft,
the Microsoft teabag rage quit racial slur.
There we go.
The Microsoft teabag rage quit racial slur.
Wherever did that name come from?
They named it after the players.
We took your feedback and we incorporated it
into the name of our new machine and our problem.
We have an algorithm running that monitors
all sorts of voice communication over the system
and it's generated the perfect name
for our system based off of the language
that is used the most.
It's the Microsoft teabag rage quit racial slur
or the MTRS.
Okay.
Dark Sakura, your number one answer.
It's completely stupid.
It's X rhombus.
Cause I would really like to see them make something
in the shape of a rhomboid.
All right.
Smell and shit.
Okay.
I'm going to say for my number one is okay.
Originally I was going to do the X-Box penetrator,
which I still like as a name, but I got to say,
I was won over by something that was suggested in chat
because somebody brought up an old ass OLR joke.
That's seriously like seven years old at this point.
So I give props to, I think it was SSJ 100 Matt
that said it.
Yeah, it was SSJ 100 Matt that said it.
I'm going to go with his answer for my number one,
the X-Box non-silon occupied Caprica.
Because this robots for the good guys,
we promise as these devices in our living room
become more self-aware.
The X-Box non-silon occupied Caprica.
All right.
This is a really shitty list.
It is.
This is one of our worst.
All right.
At least we got Harvey Fierstein.
All right.
So we have the Microsoft X-Box three,
the X-Box four 20, the Dex box,
the waiters, the windows eight entertainment system,
the Zune box, the X-Box loop,
the Microsoft teabag rage quit racial slur,
the X rhombus and the X-Box non-silon occupied Caprica.
I think what I'm going to do just because, you know,
we don't have a fourth person with us tonight
doing this with us.
I'm going to go with one I'm seeing in chat a lot
and just add it to the list.
I'm going to go with the X-Box lube,
which I'm seeing in the chat several times.
And I think that's off of mispronunciation.
I made a couple-
Let's call Dan in to pick one too.
A couple of weeks ago on the show,
I think I said I was talking about the loop
and I think I accidentally said the mic for the X-Box lube
or something like that.
And so everybody's like, let's call it that.
So fine.
You're ready.
That'd be the game.
We're.
It's time to open up some room in your entertainment system.
Oh, Dan, Dan's voting for waiters.
All right.
Forget it.
We got to go to the next thing.
All right.
We added one based on chats.
We added X-Box lube.
So now we have a list of 10.
We're going to take this down to a list of seven.
Sadly, it's time to start eliminating things from the list.
Lucky.
Oh wait, let me read you the list so far.
Oh wait.
I already did.
Sorry.
I'm excited.
Do you need more soda?
The X-Box lube gets me excited.
What's wrong, Rob?
So hard.
Waiters.
I need more sugar.
You're my sugar nut.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Dex Fox.
You didn't like my dexterity joke.
It's stretching it.
Sounds too much.
Oh, it's stretching it yet another catchphrase
for the X-Box lube.
Stretching the bounds of your imagination.
Can you take this all in?
All right.
We have to take it slow.
Dark soccer.
The cat new catchphrase.
Just try to relax.
Dark soccer.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
It's nothing against you, Rob.
But?
But I'm taking off X-Box lube
because I think it's...
I hope that's not the official name
and I wouldn't want us to be associated
with it if it's the official name.
All right, so the X-Box lube comes off the list.
Dang, you guys eliminated almost my whole list.
All right.
Well, I'm not taking my own answer off.
I gotta leave at least one up there.
So the one I'm gonna take off...
I'm gonna take off Microsoft X-Box 3.
It's just...
Stupid.
Yeah, it's...
The PlayStation does that.
Come on.
I am making the chatters be more creative tonight
than pick that answer.
All right.
So here it is.
This is the official list that you can vote on.
I wonder what's gonna win.
Your number one and number two answers are welcome
through private message to sky in the chat room right now.
Here it is.
X-Box 420.
Windows 8 Entertainment System.
Waiters.
Zoonbox.
Microsoft Teabag Rage Quit Racial Slur.
X-Rombus.
X-Box Non-Cylon Occupied Caprica.
And the X-Box Lube.
Send a private message to sky with your votes
for number one and number two answers.
If you don't say which is one and which is two,
then I assume your first one is one
and your second one is two.
And of course now everybody is coming up.
Everybody's a comic now.
Act deaf in our chat room.
X-Box Lube.
Get ready to stretch.
Hecht.
X-Box Lube.
We're stretching it.
Dungeon Buster.
Gives new meaning to the term Red Ring of Death.
Oh, we're so mature.
All right.
I'm glad you guys decided on some high brow entertainment
for your day.
All right.
Sadly, there's no mailbag tonight.
Sadly.
But there's always,
but there's always time for some FUs of the week.
Yay.
FU to stuff and things.
And the stuff and things are actually stuff and things
that I'm not liberty to openly discuss.
And then FU to,
I'm going to get political here.
FU to people who vote a straight party ticket
and FU to people in high positions
who think they can cheat and get away with it
because they have cheated and gotten away with it.
People wonder why everyone's so pissed.
Done.
Fuck you to the local news stations
for counting down to Black Friday.
It was so annoying.
It's 11 o'clock and there are people lined up.
Yes.
People line up every single year.
It's not fucking news.
Don't be amazed that people are lined up for sales.
They do it all the damn time.
FU to the fact that my vacation from work is almost over.
I mean, I like my job and all,
but I really like sitting at home on my ass doing nothing.
And then FU to the fact that I'm like really getting hungry,
but I have a lovely dinner that Alan's been working on
literally all day in the crock pot,
waiting for me when I get home.
So I have that to look forward to.
But in the meantime, God damn, I want a donut.
FU to donuts for being delicious.
Fuck you to Krispy Kreme not being in Northern California.
I get Krispy Kreme in two months.
FU to Krispy Kreme not being next door.
I get Krispy Kreme in two months.
Did you work that all out?
Huh?
Well, that's still the goal time, so.
Gotcha.
All right, well, let's go back to some gaming news
and then the Skypline's coming up real soon.
1877 Game OLR, but not yet
because we still have a few more stories to get through
starting with Loki.
Yes, we were talking about new Xbox systems
and well, this is something that is kind of branching out
the Kinect a little bit.
Kinect for Windows.
It's gonna be using a new Kinect camera
because before I was like, well, you got to sit
eight feet away from your damn computer to use this thing.
But no, they're actually gonna include a firmware
that's gonna support a new near mode
that's designed to see objects
as close as 50 centimeters away from the camera.
And I guess also they're launching with this
in early 2012 a Kinect Accelerator program
which will give $20,000 each to 10 startups
using Kinect along with Microsoft development tools,
marketing visibility, and mentoring.
So it'll be interesting to see
what they use Kinect for, you know, the PC.
And obviously maybe we'll see this integrated
into, you know, like laptops and stuff like that.
So it might be interesting to see how this evolves.
One other thing I was gonna mention too
is kind of a story that we got left out.
There's a rumor that Microsoft is in the early stages
of licensing with Sony for a Kinect-enabled TV.
And obviously-
Oh yeah, I had heard about that.
Obviously it's supposed to be, I would imagine,
some sort of like, I don't know,
maybe some sort of web-enabled TV.
You know how they have the enhanced TVs now
where you can browse content online, maybe different apps.
Or maybe that's how you'll browse through movies,
you know, doing Netflix and that kind of stuff through a TV.
Be interesting to see that actually happen.
I mean, and also it'd be weird to see Sony
partnering with Microsoft on something, but I don't know.
Well, they're gonna, I mean,
I would think it's somewhat inevitable
that the next Xbox, whatever we're gonna end up calling it,
which we'll find out here in a minute,
could have Blu-ray in it.
Because, you know, it's gonna be able to, I mean,
I would think they'd go with a proprietary disc,
but maybe if it's really supposed to be, you know,
the whole Netflix-
I would think Blu-ray
because they're gonna try to get in on that.
So they're gonna have to kind of partner
with Sony for that anyway.
So it could be interesting.
Could be very interesting.
Anyway, you give us Blu-ray and we'll give you Kinect.
Are you interested in Kinect for Windows at all, Loki?
No, because I work on my laptop mostly.
So, I mean, hell, I don't use Kinect anyways on my 360.
Did you see that super fuzzy, wuzzy, feel-good commercial
that Xtafer had posted on his Facebook,
where he's like, I really like the music in this.
Ah, I've seen that before.
It showed like the doctors using Kinect.
It was basically an Apple commercial, but with Kinect.
I've seen that before and it's a neat concept
that they're showing these classrooms enabled
with all this big projection screens and doing stuff.
It's just like the, what was it,
Cisco commercials that they have
where there's kids in the US talking to kids in China
through almost like a portal or whatever.
You know, like some sort of webcam projection setup
or whatever that they got.
But, I mean, I don't know.
It's a neat idea that they'll eventually do this stuff,
but definitely with Kinect for Windows
and people creating new applications for it.
I could see more of that stuff coming about,
but it's too ideal for me.
Idealistic, I guess would be the word.
All right, I'm gonna move on with another story here.
This is also the very, very, very, very, very last call
for cage, or not cage match, listless votes.
Cause we're about done.
There's an interesting petition going on out there.
And this is not, okay,
there's like two things going on right now.
There's a really funny thing going around Facebook,
which is from like a parody site,
which is about how Xbox is turning everybody gay
and all this stuff, or not Xbox,
Skyrim is turning everybody gay and all this stuff.
And it promotes the-
You mean Skyrim job?
Exactly, something like that.
That was a really funny parody article
is on like Christwire or something like that.
It's like a onion site for religious sites.
But anyway, what I really wanna share
is this is actually a serious thing.
This is a White House petition.
Cause you know the whitehouse.gov website
will let you do your own petition.
And somebody actually started one on there,
urging the president to ban the Elder Scrolls Skyrim
for the safety of America's youths.
There were five backers that signed the petition
at the time this was posted around gaming blogs.
Of course, tons more people have signed it as a joke
or whatever after that.
But yeah, it's basically petitioning the Obama administration.
Let me read this.
Quote, immediately banned the deadly video game
known as Skyrim for the safety of America's youths.
Whereas video gaming has proven to cause social,
ethical, and health problems in people of all ages.
No it's not.
Whereas sexual perversion and homosexuality
are threatening to destroy the Christian foundations
on which this nation was built.
Did you hear that?
Your relationship is threatening America.
You know what?
Do you feel threatened by my relationship?
Girl, no.
Well you should be threatened.
Dance is a little bit.
He knows how to cook.
Anyhow.
I'm not totally not threatened
cause I want to come over for dinner.
Whereas a new video game has just been created
that far exceeds any others in the psychological
and spiritual damage it does to teens.
We ask you to ban Skyrim blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I guess this petition may have actually been created
by that same parody website.
But whatever, it's still interesting
that you can post this out there
and that it is on the official White House site.
And I bet you people signed that
not knowing that it was parody.
I bet a lot of people signed it
not knowing if it really was parody.
They didn't really know that.
That's just sad.
Yeah.
So I want to create a petition banning online petitions.
How's that sound?
Cool.
If you want a petition for something,
you go stand outside of a Walmart and get signatures.
I'd be like, hey, well, you know,
they did that on an episode of bullshit.
Did they?
About misguided patriotism and how people,
if they hear certain keywords,
will sign just about anything.
I mean, but then again, they did.
Protect children.
Yeah, but they actually did show
that it was actually the majority of people
who I think wouldn't actually sign it
because they stopped to think about it.
But then again, they also had a petition out
at a Greenpeace rally to ban H2O.
Oh yeah.
I think I remember something like that.
Like it was like ban chemical name and it was like water.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or soda or something like that.
It was water.
Was it?
But they were like, it's dangerous chemical
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gotcha.
Interesting.
All right.
One more story from you, DarkSakura.
And then it's almost time for the tweets.
Like dihydrogenoxide.
At twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Hydrogen dioxide.
All right.
I'm being dumb.
Okay.
So I have another article.
Google Chrome.
Yay, Google Chrome.
Well, it's actually going to be adding in
more hardware support to the browser,
including using a game pad.
So not only will you be able to, you know, play your games,
you can play your games with your actual game pad.
And that means it's going to be, you know,
a lot more of these web only games
or it should actually start being easier to play.
I mean, we might see a bit more development for, you know,
true console style games.
I mean, we've already got a lot of NES games
emulated in flash.
We might see more.
And I like the idea of game pads in browsers,
but that's just going to lead to even more
of the emulation websites stuff.
There's a little bit more.
Yeah.
Google's actually going to put in support for web RTC,
which is a video chat thing,
but Firefox already has game pad support for the record.
Can I actually say that I do really like though,
that, you know, we had a story last week or the week before
or whenever we had a show about how, like,
you can get demos for games through YouTube now,
like there was that FIFA game.
Like, so it would make a lot of sense
that game pads will be enabled within the browser
because like a lot of stuff seems like
it's going to be streaming like right through your browser
and shit, people play the Facebook games
and probably a Google Plus game is looking at using this
if Google Chrome is launching it.
So it's interesting.
But yeah, that's that kind of support.
I can support.
Ha.
All right.
Let's see.
We're about to get to the Twitter and last minute stories,
but I think we should do some listless results.
Shouldn't we find out what we're going to be calling
the new Xbox officially?
Well, yeah.
Cause you know, after tonight, it's no more Xbox 720.
We will be calling it by this name.
The bend over and take it like a man.
Let's find out.
Let's see if, let's see who got their way.
In at number three is a tie.
Number three answer for what we should call the new system.
The Xbox 420 as you know, we have a few stoners in our chat
and the Microsoft teabag rage quit racial slur.
Yeah.
Tied for your number three answer.
The number two thing you most want to call the new Xbox
is the Xbox non-silon occupied Caprica.
Yay.
And the number one answer, can I put it this way?
It got twice as many votes as the number two answer.
The number one answer.
The Xbox lube is the official name of the new Xbox console.
Congratulations, chatters.
Congratulations, Microsoft and the Xbox lube.
Do you think you can handle it?
I think it should be bend over and take it like a man.
Very, very narrowly missing the list by the way.
Waiters didn't make the top three.
Did you notice that?
That's poopy.
Even after my Harvey Fierstein impersonation,
Waiters missed the list.
I think that might've hurt it.
That might've hurt.
You're right, it might've hurt its chances.
They were raised badly.
Their mothers didn't do their job.
All right, so there it is.
The Xbox lube is the official new title of the Xbox console.
And here on the show, here in chat,
and hopefully soon across the entirety of the internet.
Can we call it the X Blube?
Sure, we can call it the X Blube
and other fun creations there will be Xbox lube.
All right, let's get to last minute stories.
I don't know, again,
we were in an interesting situation this week
because we lost the usual way we prepped the show.
So does anybody have anything they want to add?
Dark soccer, were there any stories
that you wanted to get to that we didn't?
No, not really.
Well, actually, hold on, there was one.
There was one.
Loki do one.
Hopefully it's not the same story or you're screwed.
South Korea has put it into effect
what they're calling the Cinderella law.
Basically, they're working with their internet providers
that they're going to block players from under 16
from playing between midnight and 6 a.m.
on online services such as PlayStation Network and Xbox Live.
What?
It is in Korea.
Well, didn't they ban MMOs too?
Yes, they did.
Was that South or North that did that?
South Korea.
Okay.
Okay, I've got a couple.
One of them is that Microsoft bought a video surf
to use on Xbox Live.
Interesting, what's video surf do?
It's a search engine,
but it's saying that the overtime technology,
it says it's supposed to be integrated with Xbox Live
and that you can use it to search for TV film
across several Xbox Live applications,
left film, zoom, et cetera.
The U.S. will, okay, in the UK,
they're getting BBC content
and the U.S. will get Bravo, Comcast, HBO Go,
Verizon, FiOS and sci-fi.
Wait, wait, wait, we're going to get Bravo?
Yeah.
I know, I was like.
I can't wait for the Real Housewives of,
you know, Boulder, Colorado
or wherever they're going to go next.
And then, you probably said something about this
on Hoard House.
Yes, I did, go ahead.
Yeah, about the talent calculator being live
for Mista Pandaria.
Or as I call it, MOP.
Which is notable because the game itself
shouldn't be out for at least another six months,
if not more like nine to 12.
So it's interesting that the talent calculator
is already out there.
So you can see how talented you want to be at MOPing.
There you go.
Loki?
Oh, the calculator for Monk is not available.
Right, because they don't want to give everything away.
Yeah.
Loki.
A few things.
There was supposed to be a lawsuit against EA
for reneging on the fact that Battlefield 1943
didn't come with Battlefield 3 or something like that.
So now they're going to be giving away.
The other way around, by the way.
Whatever.
They're going to be giving away Battlefield 1943 vouchers
to everybody that bought the PlayStation 3
version of Battlefield 3.
And to redeem this, you have to go to their portal,
which is 1943redemption.battlefield.com
with your origin ID and request a download code
for your region.
And codes will be available for European customers
as soon as, well, November 26th.
So they should already be available.
And Americans, you'll have to wait until the 10th
of December before those are available.
So that's good that they finally came through with that.
Unfortunately, it took a lot to do that.
And I'm not sure if we reported on this before,
but same thing happened with Saints Row the Third.
They were supposed to be getting an exclusive content
for Saints Row the Third.
And THQ came now.
If you sign up, if you log in your online pass
that comes with the new copies of Saints Row the Third,
or if you buy the game and buy the online pass,
you know, if you buy the game used and buy the online pass,
as long as you redeem that pass by,
I forget what the time frame is,
you get a free copy or a free download of Saints Row 2
on the PlayStation 3, which is pretty awesome.
So definitely worth checking that out.
Cthulhu Saves the World Bundle has sold
100,000 copies on Steam.
How many did they sell on Xbox Live Arcade or indie games?
Indie games, they have only moved 55,000 to date.
And that's been available since December 2010.
Sadly, that's still more than I would have thought.
And, actually, wait a second here.
I'm sorry, Breath of Death, Breath of Death 7,
has been available since April 2010 on Xbox Live indie games
and has moved 55,000 copies to date.
Cthulhu Saves the World has been available
since December 2010 and has only generated 20,000 downloads.
Yikes.
And apparently, I don't know when it went up on Steam,
but they sold 100,000 copies.
Oh, since July.
July.
So, yeah.
Big difference there.
Apparently their next title that they're working on
is actually was the once canceled Penny Arcade Adventures
on the Rainslick Precipice of Darkness, episode three.
Oh, interesting.
So these guys picked it up.
Yeah.
So it's interesting.
Also, what's also interesting, Elder Scrolls Skyrim
has much of the, I guess, land of Tamriel from, was it?
Yeah, there was a video of that up of the guy,
no clipping, right?
Yeah, from Morrowind.
And people are assuming that's just from,
because the way they display the map or whatever,
that they just want it to be complete.
Well, it's still neat either way.
And of course, Skyrim got a patch on PC,
but what's kind of annoying is that they added
mandatory Steam DRM and they've also killed
some of the tweaks that you can do in the game.
So that kind of sucks.
And then last but not least,
new dashboard update for the Xbox 360
has been dated for December 6th.
Oh yeah, I guess that's kind of big news we missed, huh?
And that of course will be bringing cloud storage
as well as the beacon support,
which is I believe live already on Xbox.com.
Isn't that kind of like the,
don't you want to play these games with me type of thing?
Yeah, like you go, hey, I'm playing Call of Duty
later today, and so you can see that.
That's kind of cool, I guess.
Something, so they have that.
And then also of course the redesign
to make it look like Windows Phone 7.
Let's open up the Skype line.
We're ready to take your calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR is our phone number,
or you can look us up on Skype.
Username is OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
877 number is free in the US and Canada, toll free.
Can't say the same everywhere else,
so definitely use Skype if you're somewhere else.
OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype, all one word.
Meanwhile, we have just a couple of tweets for you.
We didn't get a whole lot tonight, but just a couple.
We'll start here with a link from TigerClaw on Twitter.
Send us a reminder.
I did read about this earlier.
I didn't make the show roll tonight,
but he reminds us just in time for Christmas,
the Batcave will be Arkham City's newest challenge map.
So there is gonna be some DLC that hits,
and I think the date was December 20th.
Yeah, December 20th is gonna be a new DLC pack.
Of course, this is for Arkham City,
and it's actually gonna be a Batcave challenge map.
It's also gonna contain the Iceberg Lounge
and Joker's Carnival.
So yeah, that's gonna be coming out December 20th.
Didn't the Robin pack hit this week?
Yeah.
Gotta check that out,
because yeah, I don't know much about
what's supposed to be in that Robin pack,
except well, of course, Robin.
You can play as Robin.
Yeah, and they have some challenge maps also.
I wonder if they integrate him into the story,
like they do Catwoman.
I think he's supposed to be integrated into the story.
That's kind of rad.
I might have to check that out, so.
All right, again, the phone is open 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or as your name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are getting a call, so let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Well, it's Jester Scott.
Jester Scott, welcome to the show.
Hi.
Hi, what's on your mind, buddy?
I had a couple of things.
I think that you were talking about
the GameStop stickers one time,
how they've gotten a little bit better
from being so sticky.
Well, I bought Zelda on Sunday, of course,
I bought the collector's edition,
and it had this giant sticker on it.
Oh, wait, okay, wait, you're talking about
how they will seal up a used,
or the ones that were opened,
or like their last copy or whatever,
with those big stickers,
and I think you were saying something about this, Loki,
like you used to be able to kind of
very carefully take those things off,
and you could put it back on.
Somebody was, I think we had a guest,
or somebody was saying something about that.
No, that wasn't me.
Maybe it was another podcast,
but I know I've heard that before.
So, okay, I see where you're going.
At first, I was like, GameStop stickers, what?
Okay, I get where you're going with this.
Okay, so you just bought Zelda, sorry.
Right, well, normally the new stickers
can come off very easily now,
instead of leaving that sticky residue, right?
Yeah.
Well, I go to take off my sticker
on the Zelda copy that I got.
Well, the front of it's foil.
Guess what came off?
The foil.
The entire foil.
The foil came off.
So the new stickers are not so awesome.
It's in my eyes anymore.
Well, you know what that means.
They were onto our schemes.
They started reading the internet,
and they knew that people were just opening them
and then trying to return them like they were new.
But you know why?
They deserve it for that crappy policy anyway, so.
But whatever.
I don't even know why mine had a sticker
on it in the first place, I pre-ordered it.
Wait, you had actually pre-ordered Zelda
and you still got a copy like that?
Yep.
It wasn't in the shrink wrap?
Oh, no, no, no.
It was sealed and everything,
just still had that big ass sticker
on the front of the box.
Oh, so now when you took it off,
like, now your box has it
and you won't be able to sell it on eBay or anything, huh?
No.
Well, I wasn't gonna sell it anyway.
It's just an eye store.
So they had a sticker underneath the shrink wrap?
No, no, no.
The box to Zelda has a case inside of the box.
You're talking about the collector's edition,
or it had a slip sleeve like the,
now was it the one with the remote?
It was kind of like the 25th anniversary for Mario.
The whole box didn't have a flap.
I getcha.
Yeah, the front of that foil
and the big old sticker they had on it took off the foil.
Well, let me go this direction
because you've actually played the new Zelda then,
which is something,
despite all the other games that are out right now,
we haven't had a chance to play.
How do you like the new Zelda game?
Oh my God.
I think it's amazing.
Yeah?
Yes, the controls are a little finicky.
You have to get used to it
because it fully uses the Wii Motion Plus
or motion controls, whatever it is.
It goes in a different direction.
Yes, the graphics are a little toned down,
but the game is very, very long.
How do you-
I've passed 30 hours into it
and either I really suck
or this game is extremely long.
How is it different from Twilight Princess?
What would you say?
Well, I didn't play very much of Twilight Princess.
I know, gamer shame.
But I don't know.
It's just like anytime you move your arm
or anything that,
any move you make with your Wiimote,
link on the screen will make that movement.
And it's kind of funny
because if you're sitting down playing Zelda
and he kind of holds his sword out,
he looks retarded on the screen.
He's just running around with his sword
just kind of straight up in the air,
straight in front of him.
So, but it will just mimic the movement of your hand,
literally.
So it sounds like the Wii Motion Plus
really added a lot more
than maybe sometimes we give it credit for.
The extra technology really kind of added a lot to it.
Yeah, and I've been reading a little bit of hate
of that online.
You know, like, oh, well, but it's Zelda.
Why can't they just do it for a controller?
Well, if you think about it,
with every Zelda game,
well, nearly every Zelda game,
they've done something different.
So, I mean, the first one was that top view.
The second one had a top view,
but it would also go into side scrolling.
So, I mean, just keep going from there.
Besides, most of the guys playing this game,
their right hand should be in fine shape anyway
to wag it around, right?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, buddy, I'm gonna let you go
so we can get some more calls,
but thanks so much for the call and enjoy Zelda, okay?
Oh, that one.
All right, have a good one.
Later, 1877 game OLR,
or a username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio.
I think that was a new caller.
I don't recognize that name.
I recognize it from chat right now,
but I don't think that person's called in before.
I heard a little Southern accent, didn't you?
Yeah, a little.
I heard a little.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on, going back to the Twitters.
Dark Tetsuya sent us a tweet.
Coming soon to Xbox Live Indie Games, Nyan Cat Adventure.
It is from the people behind Techno Kitten Adventure.
I guess they are actually creating a Nyan Cat game.
There's already a Nyan Cat game for iPhone.
There is an iPhone,
but I guess this is the official quote unquote one
that's going to be on Xbox Live.
And I like the little box art.
They have a Facebook
that has some limited pictures and stuff,
but I love what they did at the bottom.
They made this rip off of the Nintendo seal of quality,
and it's the official Nyan-tendo seal.
I hope they get that by the Xbox sensors.
Nyan-tendo.
1877 game OLR,
or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's see, more tweets.
Oh, I like this one from Mantis Knight on Twitter.
One topic please discuss is,
is free to play MMORPGs really a good thing?
Are free to play MMOs really a good thing?
Hell yes.
Depends who it's good for.
As far as being good to get people to try your game,
yes.
Whether people try your game
and then decide to pay for stuff, maybe not.
I see no problem because I mean,
I was paying for Star Trek Online
and then had cryptic points.
So no big there.
I've heard of where free to play
has kind of driven games downhill though,
or at least according to some of the loyal people
who play the game.
And like one example I could think of for that
is Team Fortress 2.
Now note, I'm not saying Team Fortress 2 is a bad game.
It's not, it's a good game.
But some people, you might remember we reported on this,
when Team Fortress 2 first went free to play,
the community was very against that.
Well, some of the community was very against that.
In fact, they went so far,
remember there were some servers that would ban you
if it caught that you were using the free to play version,
like somehow they could tell the difference.
And it was like, we don't want these people here.
And sometimes an MMO is like,
I can imagine a game like DC Universe.
Like one day you're paying for DC Universe, right?
You're paying your $15 a month.
Suddenly the game goes free to play.
Now your servers are drowning under all the people
that are trying to get on the server.
And it's like, where it might be a good thing
that more people are playing your game.
Now it's all these people who didn't pay anything to get in.
So it's kind of like they might be ruining the party
a little bit.
Does that make sense?
What if they, what if these companies
actually did have a pay only server?
Or you know, like an old school server
or like new servers just for new people or something.
That could be a way to get around it.
We'll come back to this topic in a minute,
but first we have another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Cloud of Cleveland.
Cloud Cleveland?
I haven't been in a chat for a long time.
Hey, well, what's up buddy?
Yo, bro.
Hey, Rob, you are a Rez fan, right?
For the old Dreamcast?
Frickin' love Rez.
Happy 10 year anniversary.
Hell yeah.
I know, right?
Have you gotten to play Child of Eden yet?
I do.
I have played Child of Eden.
Child of Eden, I want to play it
on the PlayStation 3 for real.
I liked it, but I thought the Kinect control
was a little weird.
It was like cool to play once,
but I prefer just playing it with a controller.
And I didn't like the music as much as I liked Rez.
I really didn't, but it was still a good game.
I couldn't let people say that actually about the music.
It just, you know, I mean, it's not that it was bad.
It wasn't bad by anything means.
And I'm always going to love anything
Tetsuya Mizuguchi puts out, but it wasn't Rez.
And the price was tough to swallow,
but you know, there's a lot of weird stuff
that comes out for a high price.
Like, at least it was better than five cars
and three tracks.
It was a better game than that, that's for sure.
Okay, maybe I'll wait for it to go budget title
before I actually pick it up myself.
Well, there's a lot of Black Friday videos.
My gosh, dude.
I would say, my God, Mario 3D Land.
You know, between that and Kirby Return to Dream Land,
those two games have really put a lot of faith
into Nintendo for me.
Isn't it funny how the entire internet,
and this show included, or at least myself,
I can't speak for the other two,
but it's so interesting the love-hate relationship
we have with Nintendo,
is that sometimes we look at the decisions they make
and we go, you guys are idiots.
Like, why are you doing this?
Why don't you understand online?
You know, how many years has it been?
God damn, friend codes?
Why do we always hurt the ones we love?
Right, but then they go and they put out
fucking Mario 3D Land, this Kirby game,
which I hear is really good, Zelda,
and supposedly, assuming Mario Kart 7 is just as good,
it's like, damn, we got a lot of good games all at once,
and oh shit, the golden rule of gaming really is
a system is only as good as the games that are on it,
and you have to take a step back and say,
well shit, these are some really good games,
so despite all the bonehead moves Nintendo makes sometimes,
sometimes when it's right, it's really right.
Oh no, I mean, now it's completely worth having to weave
for me, I've actually pulled it out of my closet
just to be able to play these games,
and thankfully, the 3DS didn't have to wait as long
for some decent games,
and hopefully this won't be the end of it.
Yeah, it's interesting, there's been other stories
this week that Reggie is saying that just because
the Wii U is coming out does not mean
the Wii's life cycle is done,
and I think a lot of us are looking at that
with kind of one eyebrow raised,
like, how are the systems going to coexist?
And I think you kind of have to say that to some extent,
because you don't want the Wiis to stop selling
this holiday season, I still think Xenoblade's
gonna come out, I think that, hmm,
I always go back and forth with this,
I swore up and down that if they didn't announce
it at Penny Arcade, it wasn't fucking happening,
but I'm kind of like, you know,
what else do they fucking have next year?
They've gotta have almost all of their people
working on making the Wii U better,
because it's gotta be better at next year's E3,
I think you're gonna see a much different system
next year's E3, and I don't mean like,
suddenly it's not gonna have a touchscreen anymore,
any of that stuff, I just mean,
you're gonna definitely see the games,
you're gonna see the reason why Nintendo
really believes in this, you're gonna see this E3,
is that they can't prove that, that system is fucked.
But I think because they've got all their people
working to make the Wii U great,
they're kinda keeping this backlog of Wii things
that they can release through 2012,
and that's what I think has happened to the last story
and Xenoblade and all these rainfall games,
is that I think you're gonna slowly see them
trickle out through 2012, because Nintendo
can't afford to work on anything for the Wii right now,
yet at the same time, they can't afford
to just let the Wii die.
So they don't wanna blow their load this holiday season.
They've gotta let it kinda trickle out through 2012.
So I think you still will see those games come out.
Will the people that are so diehard
on Operation Rainfall still give a damn?
Because I'll tell you from first-hand experience,
it's really easy to download Xenoblade from the internet
and play it on your Wii right now.
Like, you don't have to do a hardware modification to it.
So will the internet collectively still care
this time next year?
That's, because especially a game like Xenoblade
is really for the core gamer.
You can't sell Xenoblade to a soccer mom
with her seven-year-olds.
But Xenoblade is a really good game
that if you do own a Wii, you should check out.
So.
All right, I won't actually look into that one.
Thanks for the suggestion.
No problem, except for you,
unless you happen to be in Europe,
you won't find it here, or you're gonna have to turn
to the dark side of the internet,
which SOPA may eliminate.
So get it now while you still can.
Yeah, I hope not.
I don't usually advocate piracy,
but when the company leaves you no other choice
to play the game, I don't know what else to tell people.
Xenoblade's a great game.
Yeah, you know, if you can't get the licensing
in your country or whatever, you know, other options, man.
Yep, so.
All right, well, anything else you want to ask
or get out with the show tonight?
No, that's about it, bro.
All right, well, thanks so much for your call,
and have fun with Child of Eden.
You should get it when it,
you're gonna see a lot of good sales through the holidays.
So definitely check it out.
Right.
All right, take care, buddy.
1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
Love to hear from you.
Did I finish all the tweets or was there one of them?
Oh, we were still on the free-to-play thing.
We were talking about that.
And Dark Soccer, you were talking about
that you kind of, even your experiences,
you know, the Star Wars, or Star Trek, thank you.
I really should know better.
But it would just be certain things that I would want,
and they would be very reasonable.
Like, I could get a thing of the lowest end
of Cryptic Point or something,
and it would last me through, like, months of releases.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
Since the phone's not ringing again,
I think we're actually gonna shut it down,
because believe it or not,
this has been a long show tonight,
especially considering our website is down
and we weren't able to do a proper show roll.
We did a good job filling time.
So we gotta wrap up.
That was it for the tweets, too.
And we gotta get everybody's final thoughts
before we wrap up.
I think we already did last-minute stories.
So let's get everybody's last-minute thoughts.
My final thought tonight is I'm excited to go home
and eat, yay, food, I love food.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Making good headway on Call of Duty formatting.
And last but not least, Dark Soccer,
your final thought tonight?
My night is far from over.
Woo-hoo!
All right.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show
and tuning into Orange Laundry Radio.
We really appreciate your support.
Hey, especially when poopy things happen to us,
like, you know, our internet goes out
so we can't do a show one week randomly,
or, you know, our website suddenly goes down.
We really appreciate that you guys stand by with us.
Even though I know the podcasties
will be a little bit behind,
we still had a very full chat room tonight,
and I really appreciate that, all things considered.
Considering we don't have a website
where you can go to chat.orangelaundryradio.com
or any of that.
So, really appreciate you guys.
If you like what you heard,
we're not begging for your money.
All we ask, tell people about the show, word of mouth.
Help spread the word about the show.
Tell a person who may not have heard of it about the show,
and help the O.L. Army grow.
And we can spread the word, the term of Xbox lube,
throughout the universe.
That's gonna do it for another week of Orange Laundry Radio.
We'll be back next week, hopefully with a website
and everything to do it all over again
with next week in gaming news.
And I'm sure even more games to be played this week,
including, it sounds like Mario Kart 7,
but in a couple, by this time next week, right?
The fourth, oh my God.
So much more coming, so we'll be back next week.
Until then, have a great week.
And don't be a dick to each other online.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com,
but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching, and we'll see you next time.
