Today, November 13th, 2011, DC Universe explodes after going free to play.
The way to import UMDs to the PS Vita is revealed, and could the Wii U support multiple tablet
controllers after all?
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live tonight, November the 13th of 2011, with the 435th episode of our show.
We are live, of course, at All Games Radio, as we are every Sunday night at www.allgames.com.
We tape live Sundays at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host.
Say hello to the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Jamie?
Happy.
Happy.
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.
Bleh.
All right.
Joining us in just a few moments is Techmaster Loki.
He's a little late to studio tonight, I'm literally listening to him walk in right this
second.
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
I'd like to hear a little more about that excuse as to why he's getting situated right
now.
We'll come back to him in a minute.
Saints Row.
That's why.
Really?
Really?
You stood the show up for Saints Row.
Are you surprised?
Actually, no.
Not at all.
Well, welcome, Techmaster Loki.
Let me introduce chat while you get situated real quick.
We are, of course, the show where every gamer has a voice, and we always invite your voices
via email.
And seriously, we need more voices via email.
Is it true?
No emails tonight?
I think everybody's too busy playing Skyrim and Modern Warfare and all that stuff.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, the Twitter, of course, Twitter.com slash O-L-R, and our
chat room, our live chat room, chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Oh, yeah, I forgot to load chat.
Sorry, guys.
You might want to log into chat.
Actually, just before we got started with the show tonight, Amiga777 was wondering why
is attendance this low?
I guess our chat room is a little bit emptier than it usually is right now.
And I would say it's probably all the crazy games that are out, and it's a busy time of
year.
Technically, it's not the holidays yet, but let me give you this.
I went to the mall yesterday, and it was a madhouse, absolute madhouse.
I would have thought yesterday was the weekend after Thanksgiving.
It was that crowded.
So maybe that's a good sign that the economy is coming back, or maybe people just want
to get out and get their shopping done before all the craziness hits.
I don't know.
This is why I don't go to the mall at all this time of year.
I can't say I blame you, but that's where my haircut place is, so I had to go over there,
and there were other errands I wanted to do.
So what can you do?
Let's also introduce the chat room.
We're going to get to the Skype calls a little later on.
Let me talk about this.
Speaking of deals, I wanted to start off with a discussion on this real quick, and that
is the Black Friday stuff that's starting to hit the internet.
And if you don't know what Black Friday is, I don't know what hole you've been living
in, but maybe you don't live in the US.
That could be it, too.
Black Friday is the day after Thanksgiving here in the US, and it's usually a day that's
kind of the unofficial official kickoff to the holiday shopping season, and things get
discounted like crazy.
And some of the Black Friday ads are starting to leak out there on the internet, and you
kind of have to take a lot of what you read on the internet with a grain of salt.
But a website that's very respected and reputable within the gaming community, CheapAssGamer
at CheapAssGamer.com, is compiling some of the better deals that are going on right now.
Now, I'm not going to plagiarize and read the entire list.
If you want to read that, you can go to their website, but I'll give you kind of some of
the highlights that I'm seeing here.
A lot of the consoles appear to be deeply discounted, including it looks like Target
is selling an Xbox 360 console for $139, the 4 gig console.
That's very inexpensive considering that guy is what, usually about $199?
That's a very deep discount.
PlayStation 3 seems to be $199 most places, probably the cheapest place is Walmart by
a whole 2 cents, but Best Buy and Radio Shack are deeply discounting that as well.
The Wii is down to $100, 3DS going down to $179.99, that's a bundle pack going on there.
I was going to say, because that's not a discount at all.
Right, but it's a bundle pack with a game.
And let's see, discounts on games.
Current games.
Batman Arkham City, going to be $28 at Walmart, $29 at Best Buy, Elder Scrolls, Skyrim, it's
still $60 but you can get a $10 gift card at Target.
Gears of War 3 for $28 at Walmart, Need for Speed The Run, $30 at Best Buy.
Some pretty good deals throughout there.
And again, that list I was reading from is just CheapAssGamer.com, they have a little
compilation going on there.
That's their specialty, is looking at game deals.
But I wanted to kind of ask the folks at the studio here, do you get excited about Black
Friday?
Is that something you think you might participate in for some of these deals?
Or are you like, hell no, get me the hell away from those stores.
No.
No?
I don't have anything I don't already want.
So if you want something, you just go get it.
Having gone out to stores on Black Friday before?
No, I'll be staying inside.
I mean, really, I can get just as good deals online.
And I know people who are going.
So if they're going to be there anyway, I just say, okay, you do this for me.
Besides, it's all about Cyber Monday.
Cyber Monday, I don't have to go anywhere.
I just sit down and deals come to me.
That's true.
I'm a little more into the Cyber Monday.
I have never gone out on Black Friday, but some of these deals, I don't know, they have
me thinking there's some good game prices.
You know who doesn't last?
Steam.
I'm looking forward to Steam.
Yeah, I was going to say, Cyber Monday, that's a big Steam thing right there.
Oh yeah.
That day is going to hurt on Steam, that's for sure.
Anyway.
But I mean, really, the only things that I could possibly want slash need is I'd like
a new laptop.
That's about it.
I would like for my current computer to not be a piece of shit, which it won't be once
I put Windows 7 and Linux Mint on it because that's coming soon.
I was surprised.
You told me the other day you were still running Vista and I was like, oh, poor thing.
Because I've had problems going on.
But I mean, right now, honestly, given my situation, I'm just lucky to have a roof over
my head.
I'm happy to have food to eat.
I'm happy to have stuff to wear.
So quite honestly...
You're being very zen about the whole thing.
You're just very like, you know, I don't need material possessions.
Well, it's not really so much of a that.
It's just that having been slapped in my, you know, in the face with the possibility
of maybe being homeless or having nothing to eat.
You're not going to be homeless.
But it's sort, it's sort of realigned my, um, my values, I guess.
My perspective.
Yeah, I gotcha.
I used to really dread turning 30, but then when I was really sick in 2008, which you
guys might remember, like I was like, hey, turning 30 is awesome because I actually live
to be 30.
Life is actually better once you're 30 too.
It really is.
But anyway, that's, that's, that's for another, that's for the zen show, which will be our
third podcast.
But I mean, seriously, it was just sort of like, you know, if, if I want to, if I want
these games, I can rent them if I really want to play it.
You know, I've got tons of games that I've, you know, hardly played.
I've just, um, uh, started project diva, which is fun.
Well, we'll get into that in a minute during gaming weeks, but let me go to some of the
comments from our chat room at chat.orangelandrady.com.
Hitstun says, I get roughly half my Christmas shopping done on black Friday.
Salacious Pop says, fuck the mall, seriously, maybe fries.
It's the only in real life store I'd go to.
That's, that's the worst.
Do you not go to fries and black Friday if you want to go to fries and watch the guy
walking around with like a balloon that says line ends here and then you watch it snake
through the entire store.
Yeah, I did that one time cause I, I think it was actually living with you at the time.
Yeah, I think I was buying like a replacement motherboard or something cause my computer
had died and, and I went there and that line took like an hour and a half to go through
black again.
Actually, I have gone out at black Friday, but I went out like right before the store's
closed when it's more normal, like everybody's gone.
Granted, you won't get some of the deep, deep deals at that time cause a lot of stuff is
sold out, but there's still a lot of good stuff on the shelves.
It's not like everything is suddenly missing from the shelves when you go there.
So I don't know.
I've seen some good deals then.
Um, let's see.
Act Def says, I got my dream cast for $50 on a black Friday sale.
That's pretty awesome.
A game grew says, I got my 360 on a black Friday a few years back.
Uh, Eric K says, I black Friday on Amazon and Amiga seven, seven, seven says, what's
a fries?
And that's right.
They don't have them everywhere.
It's think, uh, like a best buy.
That's like three times as big.
That's kind of what a fries is.
This sells, you know, a lot of electronic and appliances and all that.
That's pretty much what a fries is, right?
So a lot of good deals.
They sell a lot more components than a bad really crappy toys that you don't need.
All right.
And food like nerd food.
That's that's the other weird thing.
Yeah, astronaut ice cream.
Best Buy does kind of have that though.
They have like the movie food at their counter.
So whatever.
Anyway.
All right.
That's comments from our chat.
Not only can you get your, you know, games and stuff like that, you can get stuff to
outfit a convenience store, including a, um, cotton candy maker, a hot dog, um, cooker
and uh, all sorts of things.
Yeah.
Just random stuff.
Not that I've ever bought any of that shit at fries, but I've thought about it.
I'm like, did you get your deep fryer at fries?
No, that was a Christmas gift.
That's right.
That's right.
All right.
Another one, but the wife won't let me.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we're going to go on and, uh, talk about our gaming weeks and the types
of video games that we have been playing this week.
Um, we'll start off with dark soccer.
I know you mentioned project diva.
Yeah, I will have started it and then remembered that I had to write a research paper.
So I turned it off.
I'm trying to actually find the, um, our, uh, charger for our PSP so that I can, um,
take it with me to school, but it's, it's cute.
Very pretty.
And, um, I played some well, I'm almost level 60 from on gyaru.
That's the one in the Horde house Guild, right?
Yeah.
The one in the courthouse Guild.
Good times.
I'm really enjoying priests.
I never thought I would really like it, which I should plug that on this show, like our
Horde house Guild.
And of course there's a spinoff show that I host, um, the best little Horde house in
Azeroth at Horde house.com, which is the Warcraft show.
Dark soccer has been a guest several times, but usually it's my co-host is a guy named
Exifer who's very vulgar.
Well, it's an explicit show, uh, but it's fun.
And uh, we play on the drendon server Horde side in a Guild called the best little Horde
house and we are in, or no best little Horde house.
It's in the Guild finder.
Very easy to find.
And um, yeah, you can play with dark soccer and I know you could just ask my druid is
there gordita, but you need to come back and we need to do pally pals.
Yeah.
We were having fun with Rob.
Rob and I have paladins that look oddly related.
I have a paladin named diabetes.
Mine's named Sylviara, but I actually tried to make a decent name.
I could have named her cotton candy.
I decided since they weren't going to give me the walrus people so I could have a walrus
named diabetes.
I guess I'll just have a paladin.
I made you a Tuscar in the, um, the, the, uh, model viewer named Wilford.
I made it an honor of you.
Nice.
I'm laughing at the salacious pop in our chat room that says Rob is going to come home with
a churro machine now.
Do they sell those at fries?
Cause if so, that's on my holiday list.
You know, I don't know, but I'm serious to go over there.
It's the imply.
It's part of the appliance section, at least in our local one over here in Roseville goddamn
churro machine.
Do you know how popular I'd be?
It's like, I'd be like having Disneyland in my house.
I live in the cat bathroom so I could always have, if they have a slurpee machine there,
I will have a slurpee machine anyway.
I know what I'm getting.
You Rob.
Sorry.
It's more of a gift for, for salacious pop.
Oh wait.
Why would you get me a gift for him?
Because you'll benefit from it.
Okay.
Oh, I see.
It's something where it's like, it'll keep him busy so I can do what I want.
No.
Okay.
All right.
Anyhow, back to games you've been playing.
Wow.
Um, I really haven't had a whole lot of time for games.
As I said last week, we were, we, uh, had to finish compiling the magazine this week.
So most of my time has been spent at school.
Um, so I did like a little bit of flash gaming and rearranged my entire portable hard drive,
uh, because, uh, I was hanging out with the art director while he was finishing the compiling
and I had to do last minute corrections and stuff.
Um, that's all done.
Hopefully we go to print.
Um, I think tomorrow or Tuesday.
So now that that's done, now my research papers written, I won't have to hear you talk about
it anymore.
Yay.
I'm expecting everyone to buy an issue.
Seriously.
I will.
You'll have my eternal gratitude if you buy an issue of the American river review and
can see all my gorgeous work.
That's okay.
I have enough issues already.
You've got subscriptions.
What are you talking about?
But I'm running low on toilet paper.
Dan finished Arkham city.
Oh yeah.
And he finished all the missions.
Nice.
Has he found every, every Riddler trophy?
I doubt it.
He has found enough to find Riddler.
Nice.
So he beat Riddler, which is kind of a let down.
Really?
I mean, it's funny.
I have to say Riddler sets off my Gator.
Riddler is kind of like, it's going to sound really weird, but Riddler's kind of hot.
Like it depends on which Riddler we're talking about.
This Riddler is like, not so much like Frank Gorshin Riddler from sixties Batman, but I'm
talking like when they tried to make Riddler very Metro sexual, I was going to say Metro,
but he sets off, but he actually does set off my Gator.
All right.
This is the first time I've ever had a character in a game set off my infallible Gator.
It's the greatest question of all.
Yeah.
And then Dan did the whole thing with Catwoman.
You know, when you go back to help Batman instead, he did the thing where she leaves
him.
I don't know that part yet, so you better not be spoiling her.
I'll come over there and kick your butt.
It's just funny.
You should do it at least once cause you can, you can go back and fix it.
But I hear story mode is actually not that long.
All things considered.
No, the, the, the primary missions are really not that long, but there's so much else to
do.
Like the hush ones are really cool because I'm not a big Batman reader.
You know, I don't like DC comics, but I read my, one of my favorite Batman things I've
ever read was heart of hush.
And that was a really good actual Batman Catwoman story.
And I kind of like the dynamic that the two have in the game.
Do you know why I love Batman?
And it's, it's not, I'm actually not a big comic reader, although I don't know, like
I'm sitting here reading comic, funny enough salacious pop, but we, we went to a brand
new comic book store out in a Thomas, like some brand new place that just opened up like
a month ago and he bought the killing joke.
The killing joke is very good.
And so I was thinking I might steal that and read it because I don't use, I'm not like
a comic reader.
It's not that I dislike them.
I just, I don't know.
It's a fucked up story.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But like the reason why I love Batman so much is not just the movies, which were brilliant,
but seriously growing up, I think I saw every single episode of the old Batman series from
the sixties with Adam West.
No, I did not grow up in the sixties, but they reran them all the time.
But Julie Newmar was my hero.
Oh, she's great.
And it's really sad that they don't rerun them now.
I think they do, but it's on a very obscure network.
It's not like it's on FX anymore.
You can still find it somewhere.
That's right there.
Perfect adult swim material, I'm telling you.
But it's just, I like all the nods to, and even someone like me who isn't totally into
Batman, like there's a few characters in there that I know they're Batman characters, but
I don't know who they are.
Like I knew Solomon Grundy was a Batman character, but I had no idea who exactly he was.
For me, I love the art and the game.
So I've just been sitting there watching him because I'm looking at the scenery.
And for me, like my favorite places when they go, I don't know if you've been there yet,
but the Wonder City underground, the sunken streets.
I've been in a subway system underground.
Under the subway, closer to where Wonder Tower is, you can go underground and it's like this
World's Fair exhibition, but it's all these city streets, like little, you know, with
buggies and everything, only it's all torn up.
But a lot of the artwork in there is very Art Nouveau.
I'm up to the, just to give you an idea where I'm at in the story, keep in mind, I have
done some of the side quests, like some of the Zazz stuff, which that guy's scary.
But okay, was it just me or does the voice sound like a woman at first?
He just sounds like he has a problem.
But he sounded like a woman.
You want to give him a hug, but you don't.
I'll carve your name into my skin.
You put the notion in the basket.
The chat room is reminding us that they do rerun them on the hub.
Okay, the hub.
Is that really, okay.
There you go.
All right.
But anyway, I was going to say, I am at the point in the game, I'm in the museum and-
So you're hunting penguin.
Sort of.
We just kicked some of his henchman's ass and then we were at this part with boats and
you're having to use the grappling hook to-
That's annoying.
Oh my God.
I was so frustrated.
Do you know how many times I've been eaten by a shark?
And you know how many more times you're going to have to do shit like that in the game?
Ugh.
Wait, wait, so you get-
Otherwise I love it.
Wait, so you get the cryo bomb.
All right.
Cause you-
Can't wait.
All right.
You throw it in the water.
Or else it gets the hose again.
You know what though?
You know what we want to know what's really annoying is going and trying to do all that
shit with Catwoman.
But keep in mind, she can climb on the ceiling.
Dude, the Catwoman parts are my favorite so far.
Like that part-
I love her whip.
Her and Poison Ivy, she's so much fun to battle with.
Anyway, sorry.
That's, that's, that's hotness.
Her and Poison Ivy.
She is, she is pretty hot.
In fact, I think in the chat room, Tiger Claw asked hotter than Catwoman, I think in reference
to my Riddler reference.
Oh, I mean, it kind of depends on what you're into, but you know, I'm very secure in my
homosexuality when I say this, Catwoman has a nice rack.
It's, it's the, uh, the new style Catwoman too.
So she's probably fucking Batman.
Like any minute that, that zipper's just going to fly open and go woohoo.
So yeah, so while I haven't been playing it, I've really been getting into it.
Um, just like I said, for me, it's going around and looking at everything and really taking
in the scenery and Dan will actually just stop and go exploring places for me so I can
see it.
All right.
That's fun.
So it's pretty cool.
The other night I was playing with a group of friends and they were like, go in the place
that says live nude girls.
There's a place that says live nude girls, go in the door.
There's two signs.
Live nude girls.
Yeah.
I think you can go in there.
Yeah.
The door was locked.
I'm assuming maybe it comes into play later.
I really, oh really?
I assumed it was a Riddler room that came up later or something.
Some of those, some of the speculation Riddler room wouldn't be at live nude girls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my.
His little hideout by the way is fucking sadistic.
I love it.
So, um, but yeah, tiger class says, you know, you can punch the shark.
Really?
I'm going to do that next time.
I'm going to tell Dan to go punch the shark.
I'm going to shoot him in the face.
You cannot jump it.
Anyhow, so you need to move on.
Sorry.
So really the, that's been what my gaming week has been.
Um, I'm planning on, uh, now that I've got my research paper done, I've got like one
more paper that I've got to do with my group, but we're review, we have to pick a piece
of art.
So we're doing the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Good times.
Cause we, cause half the group's like into, into modern, you know, movies and stuff.
And he said, we could do a movie.
So I was like, we're going to do a Rocky shit.
So they were coming over Tuesday to do the time warp.
Good times.
And, um, so when that's all done, I'm going to play the shit out of Project Diva.
All right.
Hell yeah.
All right, Loki, need I ask, how was your gaming week?
Um, very fulfilling.
Not play a lot of things this week, actually.
Uh, of course, Grand Theft Auto, um, which is kind of funny because Grand Theft Auto,
I think we're, uh, transitioning onto a new game after seven years or so.
Gee, what could that possibly be?
Call of Duty, modern warfare.
What?
I thought for sure you were going to say Saints Row.
No, it doesn't have multiplayer in it.
No death match in it.
Oh, really?
It has co-op, but not death match.
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
So wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
So now you're, you're all about Call of Duty, modern warfare, like three, the new one.
No one.
Well, Call of Duty for modern warfare.
Oh, okay.
So that one, because it's cheap, you know, you have to buy five copies.
I see.
So you're starting with the, you know, one you could get for $9.99 these days and exactly
so.
So that's what we're playing.
And the only reason that they're switching to it is because they got tired of me beating
them.
And I'm happy to report that our first game that we played on it, I nearly, well, I doubled
second place's scores, so, uh, I'm still going to beat them in this game.
So I don't know what the point was in switching, but whatever.
They want to mix it up.
I have an important news flash.
What?
Dan brought me pizza.
Did he bring me pizza?
You can get some.
I'm just kidding.
I'll wait.
Um, and then other than that, let's see, I played Zelda, the four swords adventure on,
um, the 3DS or DS, I guess it's off of the store.
Um, it's all right, but I think definitely more of a game for more than one person and
not too fun playing it by herself.
And um, I don't know, it's all right, but yeah, definitely more fun with more people.
And then, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I played saints for the third, which is just amazing.
Um, I'm actually about 13 hours into it already and it's just great.
It's every bit of awesome that I wanted it to be.
It is.
And then some, there's gotta be something negative, something you're not happy about.
Ah, the escort missions are still annoying because the AI is still kind of eh.
It's a little bit glitchy now and then, but not anything that really hurts the game.
Just like funny stuff.
Like I'll finish a tank mission or something and when I'm done there's corpses stuck in
the ground and you can walk up to them and they kind of like bounce around back and forth
and stuff.
It's the same shit that's funny in Skyrim.
Like mammoths just randomly falling from the sky and all that.
Just random stuff.
And that's fine, you know, the games, I expect that game to be slightly buggy because that's
how Singing Spyro is.
It's just slightly buggy and it's fine.
It makes it more funny.
I gotta say though, the missions are great.
Just what I've played so far.
They have some really good kind of direction to them and there's even some that have kind
of music that plays along with it that's just really awesome.
It just sets the mood so well.
How does the game, like, you know, keep in mind I haven't played a lot of the Saints
Row games.
I played the first one for like an hour, but like, how does it transition from all these
bits of randomness one to another because isn't it a very open world game and like when
I started seeing all this stuff like that there's Tron's parodies in it and all these
things I was like how do they, how do they work that all into the game?
How does it go from one parody to another?
It works really well actually and like the very beginning, the first few missions, actually
quite a bit of the missions.
I think I was up through 20% of the game and it was still doing tutorial missions I guess
to kind of introduce you to the different activities that you can do in the game.
And um, you know, it's really strange sometimes.
Like for example, there's one that you're being trained by, by this one Saint that you
pick up who's voiced by Hulk Hogan and he's training you to be able to confront Kilbane
who's this luchador, the leader of the luchador gang or whatever in there and stuff.
And so it's almost like a little bit of Karate Kid sort of and it's great because one of
the songs in the game is the best from Karate Kid.
You're the best around.
Yes exactly.
And they actually have that in the part when you first talk to the guy and stuff.
So he's having you feel pain so one of the missions that you do, it's basically an activity.
So there's lots of pop culture references left and right essentially.
It's not all pop culture references, I mean it's just really over the top.
Just very big action sequences.
How many people have you slapped in the face of the dildo?
I don't know.
But I think it keeps the stats for that.
You lost count.
I mean come on.
This game has...
How many whores have you killed?
I don't know.
I don't think I've killed that many whores.
There aren't that many whores.
There's some strange shit, okay?
Like seriously, you'll be walking around all of a sudden, you know, there's gimps walking
around and then these furries walking around, it's like what the hell is going on?
Today, and I think this is an Easter egg, today I ran across, you know, Genki, the cathead
guy that's running this Japanese game show or whatever, the mascot for this game almost
died.
All of a sudden, I see him running around the street shooting people with rocket launchers.
What the fuck is he doing out here?
And so I went to go try to kill him, and I did manage to kill him finally, but it took
a lot.
I think it glitched him underneath a dump truck or something that crushed him to death.
Kaijuto in our chat room is asking, Loki, did they fix the camera and the driving in
Saints 3?
The bad camera and the bad driving killed Saints 2 for me.
Yes, they fixed the driving, the driving is awesome, really, really fun.
Camera I didn't really have a problem with the camera in 3, so I didn't notice if the
camera is, I think it's fixed, I mean, like I said, I don't have any problems with it,
but the driving is great.
So there's no real multiplayer in this?
It's co-op, you can do co-op campaign, and then you can also do horde mode, which is,
you know, the really ridiculous stuff.
You get to be the whore, right?
No, it's just a horde mode, some waves have whores in them, some of them you're shrunken
down really small, some of them you're really big, just ridiculous stuff.
I'm trying to think of some really strange stuff.
Oh, I have a gun now that I can fire at a car that allows me to control it like an RC
car, which is kind of fun.
Wow, that sounds like Driver.
You have parachutes that you can use whenever, so you can just skydive off a building.
You should have wingsuits.
They don't have any wingsuits, unfortunately.
Are you having a lot of fun?
It sounds to me like you're just able to sandbox.
It's great, it's seriously a fun, fun game, you know, yeah, I mean, I'm going to be playing
it right here in the show, a little bit.
All right, anything else to say on Saints Row for now?
Definitely pick it up, it's a great game, I mean, it's worth it, and I've seen some
of the reviewers bitching about how the missions were very linear, dude, it's a mission, it's
supposed to be linear.
I don't understand what they're looking for.
There's just so many games out right now, like, I can't pick up Saints Row right now,
there's too much, too much!
All right, going to my gaming week, I played more Batman Arkham City, which I guess I've
already dished on with Jamie a little bit, but I'm just having fun just exploring some
of the side missions and trying to do the main stuff as well, and you know, I already
talked about where I was at in the game, and it's great, I'm loving that game, it's truly
one of the best of the year, it really is, and that's so not the type of game I usually
get into, but it's just, a good game is a good game, it transcends that.
One other game I've been playing a lot of this week, I'm sure will come as no surprise
to anyone, Skyrim.
I picked up on Friday, had it delivered on release day, I've been playing Skyrim quite
a bit since Friday, and you know, it's very similar to Oblivion, where you can, once you
do the very first quest in the beginning, you can pretty much go out in the world and
do whatever you want, and I think that openness really turns some people off.
And I was really giving this some thought earlier today, it's really funny because we
consider Oblivion a role-playing game, and we consider the Final Fantasy series a role-playing
game, when in reality, the two could not be any more different.
Those games are so, so different.
I mean seriously, put them side by side.
Final Fantasy XIII, criticized by many for being too linear.
I disagree, I think that was kind of a big part of Final Fantasy XIII, it was very, very
story-driven.
Skyrim, not linear whatsoever.
I mean yes, there's a main quest, but there's about 11 billion other things you can do outside
that main quest.
In fact, now there's this whole, it randomly generates quests.
Is this like Fable?
It's crazy.
No, it's better than Fable, I'm sorry.
I meant like, though, in terms of its exploration.
I guess, yeah, because some of the more recent Fable games, you kind of go around and do
whatever, but it's just even on a bigger scale.
It's just I love the fact that in Skyrim, and they've been saying this a lot, you look
at the top of a mountain, you can climb that mountain.
And anywhere you look at from the top of that mountain, you can walk to.
It might take you a while to get there, but you can do it.
There might be some mammoths and giants in your way not wanting you to get there, but
you can do it.
And just so many randomly generated things that just kind of make you look away.
And I think in that sense, you know, again, to compare with Final Fantasy 13, there sometimes
is a bit of a grind to it.
There's numbers.
You want to out-level.
And, you know, there is a lot of fun.
I love Final Fantasy.
I'm not dogging that at all.
In fact, I think Final Fantasy 13 was really underrated by a lot of the gaming media.
I think it's a great game.
But Skyrim is just so different.
But you can't approach Skyrim like you do a Final Fantasy game, or you're setting yourself
up for trouble.
And that can be really hard because there's a lot of people where it's like, I gotta do,
and I gotta see everything in the game, and I gotta not screw this up because I want to
get the perfect ending.
And it's like, you can't have that in a game that is randomly generating quests.
If you can't put that aside, you're gonna be in trouble.
I saw some pretty funny videos for Skyrim.
Because, you know, like, one of my favorite things about games is how they're slightly
buggy.
And Oblivion was slightly buggy and it was great.
But I don't know if you've seen the video where you put a pot on someone's head.
Yes.
Yes.
And you suddenly can't see.
That's great.
Which is funny, because in that video, I recognized it, I was like, oh, I did that guy's quest.
By the way, spoiler, if you do his quest to get the dragon claw, you will actually complete
a story quest ahead of time.
Just throwing it out there.
Pro tip from me.
But anyway, it's a great game.
It's gorgeous to look at.
It's fun.
You just log in, you can do whatever you want.
There's so much to do.
So much to explore.
That sense of gratification.
So many ways to develop your character.
You don't pick a class anymore.
You're not a wizard or a warrior or anything.
It's just, if you happen to use swords a lot, you skill up in swords.
If you happen to stealth around a lot, you sneak up, you level up in sneaking.
I mean, it's just awesome.
It builds the character as you play it, which is great.
And then the constellation talentry system is great too.
You can effectively make a battle mage.
Yeah, that's actually what I'm playing right now, pretty much.
Yeah, it's pretty fun.
Some of the very minor drawbacks I can think of, and like, you know, there are still some
surprising bugs in the game, despite how polished it's, you know, supposed to be after five
years of development, some very obvious bugs.
Let me tell you, I'm going to say the most nitpicky, crazy thing about a game, like ever,
that this seriously is something that I find a little odd.
And believe it or not, this is something that's going to appeal to Dark Sakura.
It's the design, the menu design.
And this is going to be really nerdy.
Like the nerdiest thing you're ever going to hear in a game reveal.
I find the usage of a narrow sans serif font to be very strange and conflicting to the
ambience of what these games are supposed to be about.
You know, I am dead fucking serious.
Like when I look at it, I'm like this, it has this very modern look to it, but I'm not
playing Fallout.
I'm playing, I'm not saying everything has to be scripty and ye olde and papyrus and
all that garbage.
I'm not saying that.
I'm just like, it just looks very modern.
You saw it, like I made you look at the interface, right?
Yeah, I looked at it.
It has a very modern look to it, which is weird.
You know, for that type of game, I really would agree with you, except that the thinner,
the, the, the, the light styles of sans serifs always make me think of a little bit of an
ethereal quality, but I, I would have think that it should have been something a little
bit more on the script side.
It's also that it's the same font everywhere too, which is a little weird.
It's like going to target and everything's set in Arial, not Arial, Helvetica.
And you know me, I love Helvetica, but sometimes I'm sick of Helvetica, especially after looking
at the damn magazine and everything's set in Helvetica.
Sometimes you say to hell with Helvetica.
To Helvetica.
Yeah.
Well I'll use Arial.
Go to Helvetica.
No, I'll use Arial when it snows in Helvetica.
But like, well I don't know what the font is in Skyrim, but it's like an Arial narrow
and it's like, you know, there's only so much of that I can take.
You know what Arial is?
What?
Poor man's Helvetica.
All right.
Anyway.
Well no, for serious, because Microsoft made that because they didn't want to pay for Helvetica.
The end.
It's the truth.
Um, at least it's not like set in fucking comic sans or something.
That's true.
That's true.
Or Papyrus is another gag me font.
I know.
I know.
But it seemed the look of it made me think that it was a placeholder text and that they
just didn't change it.
Honestly, this is the most extreme nitpicky thing I have ever talked about in a video
game.
Otherwise the game is fantastic and do not let my bitching about the font deter your
opinion.
I don't really care for the, uh, the, the, the high renders of everything in the menu
because if someone's running it on a PC, that's going to slow down their time runs pretty
decent on most PCs.
But um, the other thing I did think was weird was that I didn't like how there was like
two different menus.
Like there's one menu to bring up your quest log and stuff, but then there's another button
you have to hit if you want your map or spells or the constellation.
I kind of wish that had all been integrated into one menu.
I thought that was kind of just odd.
It felt really weird to play and I'm not sure why it was designed that way.
I didn't like having two menus because I keep thinking that the map is in the start key
and it's not.
It's in the O or the circle.
So this is weird.
Um, uh, to, uh, answer, I wonder who persisted the IKEA font change.
I did.
IKEA always needs to use Futura forever.
This is Typography Lounge Radio.
All right.
Look, I look, the game is fantastic, but it is a different type of role playing game.
It's not for everybody, but if you, if you just, in some ways it's like an MMO where
you don't have to deal with other people at all.
That's awesome.
It has that open world sense to it and there's so much that you can interact with and do
in the whole like quests forever type of thing almost feels like an MMO, but without everything
that people hate about MMOs, which is other people usually.
So and a monthly fee.
So but Skyrim is great.
Great, great, great.
Um, otherwise that's, that's been most of my week right there.
Derek Tetsuya asks if it's time for the classic font of the week.
I'm much more prone to use the word typeface.
I think it sounds a little bit classier.
Our comments from chat.orangeloungeradio.com of course.
All right.
That's the, the typeface of the week is Adobe Caslon Pro.
Stop.
No one curr.
All right.
We're going to get into some gaming news tonight, of course, with you guys live in our chat
room and the calls later on classic game of the week and all that stuff.
First some other quick plugs.
Again, if you're not already following us on Facebook, you should be facebook.com slash
orangeloungeradio and we are on Twitter as well, twitter.com slash olr.
We are also now on Google plus.
We have a brand new Google plus page page.
I know it's a reason to go back and look at Google plus, but um, here's what I really
like about Google plus is that because thanks to the whole circle thing, we could actually
post things on Google plus that only our listeners could see.
So if we ever wanted to do like a secret club, we could post it on Google plus cause it wouldn't
be public.
So follow us on Google plus, put us in your circles over there.
And uh, if any juicy gossip comes up, you know, in the next couple of months we will
post it so that only the followers in our circles can see kind of like online only secret
club.
There's uh, information about the show and pictures and all that stuff.
Uh, it's hard for me to give a URL to Google plus cause you can't have names yet, but just
search for us.
Just type orange launch radio.
We'll come right up.
It's very easy to find.
I'm sure somebody will link it in chat here in a minute.
Uh, that's really it for housekeeping.
So let's get into some news.
Loki.
So, um, you may remember DC universe, uh, online went free to play last week and already
they've seen a huge increase in subscribers.
No duh.
Um, there are already up to a million subscribers and a million new players actually, and that's
basically a 1000% increase.
That's what happens when the game is free.
Um, I'm kind of curious though, wonder how many of those are actually paying for parts
of the game or just, you know, kind of like, you know, how I would probably be, would just
say, I might want to try that out.
Well, from what I understand, you can get upgrades to the game for only five bucks.
Like there's two different levels.
There's one where you can pay like a monthly fee and get all the good stuff.
And then there's one where you just pay five bucks and you get a lot of little upgrades.
That's kind of neat, I guess.
That's not bad.
That's not bad at all.
Um, I actually watched a friend play DC universe on PS three and it's, it's kind of what I
remember from the beta on PC.
I don't know if it's, I just, I don't have the fucking time for another MMO right now
with all the games out right now.
Like, did you notice that none of us mentioned modern warfare three, like the biggest release
effort in our gaming weeks at hall?
Uh, not that that's the type of game I would usually play anyway, but I, I'm curious, like
what makes this game so like, you know, desirable by so many people like the death match.
Well, speaking of multiplayer, I would actually like to check out the, the halo anniversary
edition at some point.
I do like original OG halo.
I'd like to check that out at some point.
Um, I would like to play Mario three d land Mario kart seven.
I don't know if you heard about the halo thing.
You know, all those connect features are talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not at lunch.
They, they apparently are having trouble making them work.
I'm like, really?
You were having trouble making, you know, a voice command to change the resolution from
original to like the new graphics or whatever, and also a voice command to throw a grenade.
You couldn't make that work at all.
Yeah.
Grenade grenade.
Damn it.
It just, it doesn't understand certain accents.
It's like, like you're saying grenade grenade.
Did you say lemonade?
Here's a fresh glass of lemonade.
No grenade.
Uh, yeah.
So um, well I guess that that's good.
Maybe some other MMOs Final Fantasy 14 should, uh, follow suit with that.
Um, yeah, I think it's going to have to, I'm already over Final Fantasy 14.
I haven't touched it in like two weeks.
Well Final Fantasy 14 doesn't officially launch until I would like to see the whole 2.0, at
least DC universe didn't have to launch a 2.0 you're just getting the game that everybody
wanted to play, but no one wanted to pay 60 bucks and a monthly fee to play.
I mean, no shit.
They got a million people because like tons of people wanted to play this game, but they
were like, I'm not going to pay that kind of money for it.
There's only, there are so few games that can get away with charging what they do, especially
in this day of 99 cent iPhone apps.
It's crazy.
All right.
Well, I don't know how much they'll charge for this, but they could probably charge quite
a bit and many people would still buy this to reminisce the past.
The Simpsons arcade game has been classified in Australia.
What that means is that the rating has actually shown up on the Australian classification
board's website.
So it seems to indicate that the Simpsons arcade game could be on its way to Xbox live
arcade and PlayStation network because backbone is the one that is, I guess, registered the
game backbone entertainment.
They do a lot of the like classic games stuff.
One of the more recent ones they did was the X-Men arcade port, and it is saying it's published
by Konami.
So I don't know how that all works because I thought EA had the license, but maybe some
agreement was reached after all, when the Ninja turtles arcade game came out, they did
have a mutual agreement there.
So maybe something's been worked out.
So we may be getting the Simpsons arcade game on Xbox live arcade very soon, which fuck yes
to that.
That was one of my favorite arcade games back in the day.
I want to say we did a listless sometime ago about like Xbox live arcade game they most
need and that was on it.
So heck yeah, that'd be awesome.
I hope they didn't screw it up, but if it's like the X-Men arcade port, I think it'll
be fine.
And some of the other stuff they've done has been all right.
So, all right, Dark Sakura.
Actually I was checking the mailbox again to make sure we actually had something this
time.
We do.
Hooray.
So it's been going around, people have been talking about it, about the security breach
with Valve.
Valve actually did acknowledge that user's personal information had been compromised.
There was a security breach.
They said that they accessed a Steam database in addition to the forums.
That user names, passwords, game purchases, email address, billing addresses, credit card
information.
They don't have evidence that credit card information or personal identification was
taken or that the protection on them was cracked.
They're still trying to get into that.
But they said, watch your stuff very closely, which is why the only thing that's remotely
linked on my Steam account is that I use PayPal.
That's it.
Well, lucky you, but yeah, my credit card of course was on Steam.
Go figure.
Actually, I don't think the new one is because mine lapsed during the year and I'm not sure
I ever put the new one on.
I don't really buy a lot of stuff on Steam and when I do, I just get it through PayPal.
I buy tons on Steam.
But yeah, I don't know, like you think I'd be more pissed off about this because of what
happened with Sony, but I don't know, there's a certain trust you kind of have with Valve
because they get so much other stuff and I kind of feel like they're being a little more
upfront with this than maybe necessarily Sony was.
And I do feel like a lot of the data was probably encrypted pretty well.
So I don't know.
Well here's a statement from Newell.
We do not know of any compromised Steam accounts, so we are not planning to force a change of
Steam account passwords, which are separate from the forum passwords.
However, it wouldn't be a bad idea to change that as well, especially if it's the same
as your Steam forum account password.
So I think mine are different.
I think also at the end of the day, the fault of this is not Valve's fault.
It's the hacker's fault.
You know, I don't know what Valve did to necessarily provoke this besides maybe Gabe Newell getting
up there at GDC and saying, you know, that it was unhackable and kind of daring people
to do it at some point.
I don't think that he would do that.
But it was, and it wasn't quite the way I'm saying it either.
He was just kind of showing about the security protection and all that, the Steam guard and
all that.
But at the end of the day, these guys weren't in there to steal games and maybe they didn't
steal the credit card information.
You know, I think Valve is just being very upfront that, hey, that information was at
risk.
And I don't know, the PlayStation network kind of felt like a Benny Hill show from the
beginning.
You know, just, it was one person tripping over another from there.
But I mean, obviously I'm not like, I'm a little bit upset and I'd like to kind of see
what Valve is going to do to make sure that my information doesn't stay at risk.
You know, I want to hear more constant updates about what they do, find out about what was
taken and not.
And if they do suspect that credit card information was taken, then they need to offer a lot of
the same services, like the debits and all that, that, that a PlayStation was offering.
But I don't know.
I kind of trust them to do a better job with their PR than I do Sony.
At the end of the day, no one ever had money taken from them on Sony either.
So, and hopefully nobody has money taken from them on Valve either, uh, chat.orangelauntrader.com.
Some of the comments, uh, salacious pop says the credit card info they got as hashed and
encrypted as shit.
So they'd have to crack that to do anything.
Also steam only lets you store one card on and it's very easy to delete it.
Uh, act theft says steam only saves the last card you used.
Um, game guru says valve is how you are supposed to address being hacked.
Uh, dark Tetsuya says I did change my password, even though I didn't really have any credit
card info on it, just at a habit for this sort of thing.
And that's a really good habit to have.
And if you haven't changed your steam password, you probably just should.
What what's, what's to lose from doing it.
Nobody's ever given me a good reason why you shouldn't change your password besides I can't
keep track of all those different passwords.
Well that's, you're, you're going to have to come up with a better excuse than that
in this day and age.
You know what I mean?
Um, Kaijuto has a very good point though.
Just because valve is run by nerds doesn't mean they're hack proof.
Nothing is.
And game guru also puts this pretty clear here.
People's been clear and up front, Sony tried to hide everything.
That's true too.
I do seem to remember that Sony, you know, the network was still up for a few days after
and then it was just, it was, it was bad.
Chat dot orange dot orange radio dot com is the place where those comments are coming
from right now.
Cause we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
Uh, Khasan in our chat room, K-H-A-S-N says I need to check my credit card transactions.
That's all, that's just a good thing to do anyway.
Like yeah, this should motivate you to do that, but just, I think check them at least
once a week, if not like three times a week.
I check my bank account every day.
Just a, I like to know how much money's in there cause who actually balances a checkbook
anymore?
And b, I just like to see that all the transactions that are going through are things that I actually
initiated.
Well, um, I, before the show I checked my, uh, PayPal just to be sure.
And of course there's nothing cause I'm broke.
That's good.
That's what you want to see.
But yeah, I mean the last thing on there was last month when I bought the, uh, the Humble
Indie bundle.
Ah.
That was it.
Nice.
All right.
All right.
Well hopefully we'll get more information on that in the weeks to come as to who did
it.
Hang them up by their balls.
Who done it?
Who done it?
It was Ms. Scarlet in the conservatory.
Um, and of course, you know, steam isn't the only thing to get hacked this week.
Also the My Resistance website, the official website for the game Resistance, um, from
Sony got, uh, hacked as well and their forums are down as well.
Um, and basically, you know, the, there's no, uh, it hasn't been immediately verified
by Insomniac or Sony, um, whether anything was done.
I don't think anything's really compromised other than these people's usernames and passwords
and maybe emails because, you know, you don't store credit card information on this website.
So, um, basically, uh, yeah, it sucks.
Hackers are gonna hack.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
We have said that before.
What did, what do they get from this besides, cause there's no like, it's not like they
have credit cards on the Resistance site or anything like that, right?
Um, I think what they could be doing is they could be harvesting usernames and passwords,
maybe emails and stuff to try to run those against, you know, logins on the PlayStation
network.
You know, to see if any of those people have the same username, password, login info that
they would on both of those.
Um, I don't know if maybe there's a way to link your account to, um, that site or something.
I don't think you'd have to put your password in though for that, but my, my guess is just,
it's mainly just to find username password combos that they can try at a bunch of different
websites and see if people are using the same things and maybe get access to accounts that
way.
All right.
Well, more hacking stories on the Xbox.
Hackings are still kind of slowly bubbling through the press and so forth.
And I've addressed this on a show before.
If you forgot, I had 150 bucks stolen from my Xbox back in August.
It was about August 14th, 15th or so that that was happened.
And I basically lost access to my Xbox for a month while they were investigating and
finally got my money back.
I think it was about 28 days after the incident had happened.
Uh, so I was out 150 bucks for 28 days and that's not something I know everybody can
afford to do.
Um, so you gotta be very careful.
Um, Microsoft refuses that anything is going on, but I know at least 10 individuals that
this has happened to.
I am not making that number up.
Granted, I have a lot of Facebook friends and people on Twitter, but I know at least
10.
And then I still have people telling me like friends of friends and so forth.
So I know that doesn't seem like a very large number, but considering I know people all
through the spectrum from people who play games all the time, every day to people that
hadn't touched their account in one to two years.
That tells me that something's going on.
And this shit made me angry this week is I saw that there was a report on Eurogamer.
I'm not mad at Eurogamer.
They're just reporting it.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Right.
And apparently Microsoft is claiming that all these FIFA ultimate team pack purchases
that are the, uh, quote hacks going on.
Microsoft is claiming in an interview with Eurogamer from online safety director Doug
Park.
It is not a hack that it is some type of quote new attack vector quote.
It's not a hack.
It's really just a different way to monetize stolen accounts.
What any service has compromises.
Facebook has compromises.
Wow has compromises.
What they're really doing is trying to make money off those compromises.
So FIFA is a very popular title.
It's just a new way for the bad guys to make money.
It wasn't based on our investigation.
We didn't see anything new.
It was just a different Avenue.
I'm not getting into super detail, but there is basics of account compromise.
There's phishing, there's social engineering, there's malware based off the industry today.
Most of it comes off malware and phishing.
If they get the accounts, they sell it.
That's really all they were doing, whether it's FIFA or an account with a PlayStation
subscription or an account with a live subscription.
It's all basically the same thing.
So basically he's deflecting.
He's refusing to accept that anything's going wrong at Xbox and you, sir, are lying.
You may not know you're lying, but I'm here to tell you that these claims that this is
all like phishing and all this stuff, you're full of crap.
Wake up because something deeper is going on here and it has to do with Xbox and it
has to do with EA because I will poke a hole in this right now.
The people that are getting hacked, it's not just FIFA, dun dun dun.
It's other EA games.
I know somebody that got money stolen out of Madden.
I know somebody where the first person that they are, the first game that they went into
to go play on it was, um, it was also actually was also Madden in that case, but it's other
EA sports games.
Look for a class action.
It's not just FIFA, although that seems to be the most popular one because that's where
they can take the big chunk of money and I guess probably monetize something, but it's
happening through other games.
But guess what?
They're all EA games.
Can anyone show me, can anyone show me a game that is that are an Xbox hack that's going
on that did not somehow involve an EA product?
Can anyone show that?
That orange knowledge radio.com twitter.com slash O L R is anyone that's been impacted
where there more money has been taken out of the account was an EA game not involved
because I'll tell you what I think I know the link and the link is I believe that the
people that are getting hacked are people that do not play EA sports games.
I've never played an EA sports game on Xbox live save for, um, uh, the burnout paradise,
which did not have the EA network.
Um, some of the other, you know, like rock band, which isn't a part of that new EA network
and all that other people that I know that have been hacked do not play EA sports games
online or they have not played their Xbox in several years.
If you do not have your Xbox account tied to the new EA system, you are vulnerable.
I believe that I don't have any proof, but trending that I see.
So I'm just some shmo on a podcast, putting that out there, whatever, take it or leave
it.
But I'm telling you, I think if you want to best protect yourself, one thing that you
should do right now, well, in addition to change your password, which I've told you
5,000 times to do, and if you haven't done it by now, I don't know what to tell you,
but I think what you should do go download the demo for either NBA jam on fire or need
for speed, the run, which granted wasn't a bad demo.
When you play those demos, you're going to have to create an EA account to get onto those
servers.
And now you'll establish a link between your Xbox and your EA account, because I'm telling
you, when I got hacked, they linked a fake account up and somehow there's some vulnerability
there that neither Microsoft nor EA will admit.
But I'm telling you, there's too much of a trend here for me to ignore.
As a gamer, as somebody who doesn't want the fans of this show to lose money, I'm just
telling you, what I'm seeing in all these other cases are people that have not linked
the EA account through some type of sports title are the ones that are being hacked.
I don't know how they're doing it, but that's the common denominator, dammit.
At the very least, going ahead and associating it with an account would prevent the whatever
exploit there might be from being used.
I don't think it's necessarily that they're not getting hacked, it's just that they're
not buying anything with it, because once they find out, oh, well, I can't get access
to the EA thing, then, well, not much I can do there.
And I don't know, I'm kind of irritated that this bozo would go out there and say that
we're all being phished.
Because he's wrong.
I know somebody that hadn't touched their Xbox in two years.
Like I'm supposed to believe that guy somehow got phished?
Oh, I haven't played my Xbox in two years, but shit, I'm gonna log onto this website
and just give them my Xbox login.
Really?
I'd like to think I'm somewhat smarter than that, too.
I mean, I'd like to think, I mean, I'm not gonna be all Sony, big in the head about it,
that I am penetratable when it comes to getting, you know, my information phished or whatever,
but I'd like to think, I always think twice about links I click on and websites I'm visiting
and make sure the websites are genuine.
So if this guy's gonna come out and say that I'm getting phished, you better be ready to
throw down, because you might be wrong.
And if you're wrong, I'm gonna be double mad.
Fifth dream in our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrader.com says you'd be amazed how many people don't
know the password that their email address associated with their Xbox Live accounts.
Get it reset.
You gotta do something.
Take control of that, especially if you have a credit card tied to it.
They're getting in there somehow.
I don't know what they're doing.
I don't know how they're doing it.
If we knew, it would be all over the gaming media, but nobody can figure out how they're
doing it.
And Microsoft won't admit that there's a problem, because somehow they're both being used.
Microsoft and EA.
And I don't, I can't figure out how.
Somebody's gonna figure it out, though.
Honestly, I think they should start looking into their password reset system.
I wanna say one more thing about this, because this is the other thing.
This guy is deflecting, because he tries to throw all these other companies under the
bus.
And he says, any service has compromises.
WOW has compromises.
Okay, true point.
I've also had my WOW account hacked.
I think I know how that happened, and I do think that was phishing.
I think I used, I logged into a computer that I shouldn't have logged into WOW in.
So, okay, fair enough.
Again, I said earlier, I'm not perfect, it can't happen, okay?
But there's a big difference between what WOW is doing and what Microsoft's doing.
Blizzard will openly admit that your accounts are vulnerable to theft, that people will
try and steal your Xbox accounts.
Blizzard will sell an authenticator, so that you can get into your accounts, and try to
bring incentives for you to use those authenticators, like free pets and so forth.
They've come up with new ways of authentication, like authenticating by phone.
They are constantly trying to change the security in their system.
What are you doing, Microsoft?
Oh, we're watching the situation very closely.
On top of that, they give away the authenticator for free, and the only thing that you have
to pay for is if you buy a physical authenticator.
That's true, they have the mobile phone authenticator for free.
Which is what I use.
That's very true, good point.
Microsoft doesn't have anything like that.
Microsoft doesn't tell people to change their passwords regularly.
Microsoft won't admit that there's people out there trying to steal money from your
account.
At least if they're doing it, I'm sure they would come back and say, well, Robin is right
here on the website.
Okay, on some page, people never look at it, and the font size is not big enough, anyone
can see it.
It is right there on the login screen, as you're waiting for the game to load, on wow.
Protect your account from theft.
Do A, B, and C. That's the level of stuff that Microsoft needs to do, because accounts
are being stolen, and it's not just because we're all stupid when it comes to learning
the internet.
Anyhow, I've ranted enough, sorry.
But it just irritates me.
This is such corporate, you know, just talking out his butt, and it irritates me the more
Microsoft tries to deny that anything is wrong.
You know what another term for talking out of your butt is?
Farting?
Furthermore.
Or shit.
I said I was dumb, but I'm not.
Furthermore, maybe it would irritate, I know, I'm a total liar.
Dan's in the other room, one liar.
It would irritate me a lot less if that, you know, the other part of this is that I was
locked out of my Xbox account for 28 days.
How long was I out of my wow account when I got hacked?
A day?
An hour.
Okay.
Fix it, Microsoft.
And have better font.
Moving on.
Okay.
Well, one good thing that they're doing, though, is that Xbox.com lets you cancel your auto
renewal for Xbox Live.
There is a toggle that you can turn on or off, and instead of them automatically renewing,
if you turn it off, then they won't renew, clearly.
There's actually, there's also the beacons functionality added in, so that you can say
which games you would like to play with other people, and that's actually on Xbox Live now.
New messaging, new browsing, new searching for films and TV, that type of thing.
And they have a new interface that goes with the Metro UI theme.
So I guess that's cool, but honestly, it's not enough, but it's something.
Well, it's better than what was there before, which was still having to call support and
all that stuff.
But by the way, just to throw it out there, certain other subscription things, you cannot
cancel online as easily still.
So although it may make it sound like there's certain things...
And by the way, I tried to go in.
The first thing I tried to do, not only did Microsoft...
Oh, God.
I was so mad at them lately.
Not only did Microsoft automatically update my credit card info.
Like I don't know what they did.
Did they guess the new expiration date?
I don't know how they did it, but they automatically updated my credit card information.
I can't remove it.
You can't remove your credit card on the website.
You try to click remove and it goes, you cannot remove this card because you are currently
using this card to pay for your one month card of Xbox Live.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I can't remove my credit card because I'm using it to fund a prepaid Xbox Live card?
No, that's when you report it to the Better Business Bureau.
Ridiculous.
But Rob, you're paying for the free card.
Enough smoke and mirrors.
What?
I said, but you're paying for the free card.
That's hilarious.
I mean, not in a funny way, but just I was like, seriously, you guys are going to go
that far?
So much smoke and mirrors from Microsoft to the point where like I am I am seriously considering
the next console.
Somebody called me out on Twitter, too, about it, which is fine.
That's fine.
You know, I have an opinion.
If you think there's there's a problem with it, then whatever.
But somebody had said, wait, you are mad at Microsoft when PlayStation was the one that
opened it got hacked and all that.
Fair point.
But still, has anyone presented a case where somebody actually had money stole them stolen
from them from PlayStation?
Has anyone been able to prove that?
Because I could prove to you about 10 different cases of money being stolen, many, many more.
If you look at the Web forums that are out there on Xbox.
Why are we all mad at Sony again?
Because of the potential loss, the potential, Rob, we're going to be mad at Sony, be mad
at Sony about, you know, them bumble fucking tripping over their own feet and handling
the situation.
I'm just saying Microsoft's really no better.
Well, this is their M.O.
I mean, look at what they do with the red ring systems and stuff like that.
Oh, it was a small percentage.
I was like one percent and definitely not 100 percent or 50 or whatever.
So just flip it.
That's all I'm saying.
The folks that are saying that flip it.
Why?
Why do you get why do you give Microsoft to pass all the time?
Let's be equally critical of all the game companies.
We should.
Nintendo, why aren't you?
Well, we should give them hundreds of dollars, which we do.
I have a right to be critical of a company I'm giving hundreds of dollars to.
That holds my credit card hostage.
But anyway, let's move on release dates.
Yes.
I love video games.
I do.
But just some of this some of this stuff I could do without continuing on with the plethora
of releases coming out, of course, today with Super Mario 3D Land for the 3DS Carnival Games
Wild West 3D for the 3DS coming out this week as well.
Kung Fu High Impact on Xbox 360 for Kinect.
It's like that one game that they have on the PlayStation Network.
It's like a side scroller Kung Fu game that uses the Kinect camera.
L.A. Noire The Complete Edition on PC this week.
I believe that's also coming on other systems too.
Fossil Fighters Champions on Nintendo DS.
Saints Row the Third on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Actually thinking about picking up the PC version as well because it looks pretty sweet.
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Mario and Sonic at the London Olympic Games on Nintendo Wii.
Dynasty Warriors 7 Extreme Legends that's on PlayStation 3.
Plants vs. Zombies on PlayStation 3 as well.
Bejeweled 3 on Nintendo DS.
Looks like I imagine Fashion Designer on the 3DS.
Oh yay!
Hurray!
Price is Right Decades on Xbox 360.
Alvin and the Chipmunks Chipwrecked on Nintendo DS, Xbox 360, and Wii.
Little Big Planet 2 Special Edition, kind of like the Game of the Year edition, that's
on PlayStation 3.
Get Up and Dance on PlayStation 3 and Wii.
Dawn of Fantasy on PC.
Dog-e-dar on Nintendo DS.
Heavy Fire Afghanistan on PC, Wii, and PlayStation 3 as well as a version of it on the 3DS.
And also this week is a whole bunch of U-Draw crap.
That's right, you can get U-Draw now on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well.
Those are including the new U-Draw Studio Instant Artist, and of course you can also
get U-Draw Instant Artist if you already have the U-Draw tablet on the Wii as a standalone
title.
Rapala for Kinect on Xbox 360 this week, so you can punch fish in the face, that's literally
what you do in this game.
That's what I've always wanted to do.
Medieval Moves Deadman's Quest on PlayStation 3.
Also Bejeweled 3 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well.
Abba, You Can Dance on the Wii.
So excited!
Cookie Mama 4 on the 3DS.
Lots of stuff this week.
Jurassic Park from Telltale Games, they're having the episodes available on Xbox 360.
Halo Combat Evolved Anniversary on 360, Pictionary the Ultimate Edition on Xbox 360 and PlayStation
3, that's for the U-Draw stuff.
Also L.A. Noire, the Complete Edition on 360 and PS3.
Assassin's Creed Revelations on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC.
Marvel Superhero Squad Comic Combat, also for U-Draw, that's on PlayStation 3, Xbox
360 and the Wii.
Let's see what else here.
Oh good lord.
Dungeons and Dragons Classic Anthology on PC, D&D.
It's a busy week.
Yes.
Everwinter Nights against League Collections?
Isn't this the busiest release week of the year?
It's the last big one.
Well, next week actually you're still gonna have a few things, but this is the last big
big big week.
Although this current week was really probably the biggest one as far as big big titles go.
This week you had Mario 3D, Skyrim, Modern Warfare, all the same week.
Lego Harry Potter.
Oh my god.
It was a huge week.
Beyblade Metal Masters on DS, Prevolution Soccer 2012, coming out on the rest of the
systems.
Wii, PlayStation 2 and PSP.
Connect Disneyland Adventures on Xbox 360.
Rayman Origins on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and the Wii.
Beyblade Metal Masters, the Collector's Edition, also coming out this week.
Winter Stars, that's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and the Wii.
I-Pet and Friends on PlayStation 3 for the move.
Need for Speed Run, limited edition on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii and the 3DS, also PC.
Ace Combat Assault Horizon Legacy on 3DS.
Air Conflict Secret Wars on PlayStation 3.
Victorious Hollywood Arts Debut on the Nintendo DS, that's based off of some Nickelodeon show.
Shinobi on 3DS.
Victorious Time to Shine on Xbox 360 for Kinect.
Zumba 2 on the Wii.
Jean's Advanced Strike Fighter on PlayStation 3.
Fishing Resort on the Wii.
Oh my god, it's so going.
Cartoon Network Punch Time Explosion on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and the Wii.
They're actually doing the re-releases now of the Rock Band stuff.
I guess they're gonna have a Rock Band guitar bundle with some DLC as well, and that's coming
out on Xbox 360.
That's only 70 bucks?
That's not bad at all.
Well, it's Xbox 360 and you only get the guitar with, I thought it had the game in there.
It's not the game.
I get it.
It's just DLC.
And then, last but not least, Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword, coming out one week from today.
And, you know, Hole in the Wall is also coming out on the 360.
So, that's it.
Alright, wow.
Well, let's go to Japan and check out the releases over there.
It's a very busy week over in Japan as well.
These releases are for November 17th.
On the Xbox 360, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 in subtitles is coming out on the 17th.
Halo Combat Evolved Anniversary, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, The Sims 3 Pets, Saints
Row the 3rd, and there is an Xbox 360 Modern Warfare headset that's Bluetooth that's coming
out as well as some type of Modern Warfare 3 themed Xbox Live card, because as far as
I'm concerned, you should be doing all of your Microsoft transactions right now with
cards only.
There is also a game coming out called Naorihon no Mago Hyaki Rairaran Taisen that comes out
this week from Konami.
This looks like...I'm trying to figure out what game this is.
I don't know if it's based on an anime.
It is a fighting game that's coming out.
From the strongest team to defeat the Harugomo Kitsune, that powerful fox spirit has been
devouring people and usurping power since the Heian era, and Riko, the leader of Hakai
Yayo, the March of 100 Ogres, is the one to defeat her.
So it's a fighting game on the 360 that I am not familiar with on this side of the pond.
Going to the PlayStation 3, Call of Duty in subtitles there as well, Ninokuni Shiroki
Seihai no Juu comes out from level 5 this week.
This is a...oh, it's the Studio Ghibli game on PlayStation 3.
That looks like it could be very impressive, actually.
That looks...ooh, it's all cartoony.
That game's very cute.
Let me look.
Wait, wait.
Go back.
Look at that.
This is the Studio Ghibli on PlayStation 3.
That's cute.
Yeah.
That looks like it would be worth importing.
It is Ninokunai.
It's a magical land on PlayStation 3.
The orphan Oliver is determined to save his mother, who died to save him.
In order to do so, he followed Shizuku, the fairy of the tears, into the world of Ninokuni
to defeat the evil magician Jabo.
Huh.
Ninokuni.
Huh.
Good times.
That fighting game I spoke of earlier is out on the PlayStation 3 as well, and there is
a whole PlayStation 3 bundle, because they love the different bundles there in Japan.
There's a whole bundle around that Ghibli game, so that's gonna be fun.
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 there as well, as well as The Sims 3 Pets and Saints Row the Third,
all on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan.
Going to the PSP, Angelique Mareno Rokukishi comes out this week, as well as Uminico no
Naku Koro ni Portable 2 from Alchemist.
Trying to see if that's a game I recognize.
It's chapters 3 and 4 of an ongoing series.
That is out on the PSP this week.
Lastly, cleaning up on the Wii and the 3DS, nothing on the Wii this week, because, you
know, Wii releases are kind of dying.
Same is true in Japan, but on the 3DS this week, Shinobi 3D and The Sims 3 Pets.
That's your Japanese releases.
Dark Sakura.
In Europe on the 15th, we have, well, this is UK, Assassin's Creed Revelations, I, Pet
and Friends, Halo Combat Evolved Anniversary, Medieval Moves, Deadman's Quest, and Roshard.
And then we have on the 18th, Anno 2070, Lego Harry Potter Years 5-7, Marathon, Need for
Speed The Run, Saints Row the Third, Super Mario 3D Land, Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword,
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, and Apache Air Assault for PC.
Sit.
Busy, busy.
In our chatroom, by the way, they are talking about Ni No Kuni, which I had mentioned before,
the Studio Ghibli game.
They are saying, some folks, AlphaKananagram says, they did say that it's coming to North
America, I think.
And Dark Tetsuya says, I thought it was coming out over here.
Yeah, it probably is, but not this week.
Japan's getting it first.
If we're getting it, what, summer next year, maybe?
Spring.
Spring.
Oh, you looked it up, huh?
No.
I just know.
Oh.
Well.
So we are getting it.
It's just, you know, gonna take a little time for the translation.
Yeah.
We're gonna do a couple more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of
the week.
But first.
Well, everyone's been wondering with the Vita, is there gonna be a way for me to import my
games that I may have on UMD to the Vita?
And the answer is yes.
There is actually a way to do that.
And it's not free, but it's a discount.
So I guess that's better than nothing.
Basically, what you do is you take your existing PSP.
You pop in the UMD that you want to register.
And it will register on the website, I guess, or on their service.
And you'll be able to download the game at a small fee.
And of course, they haven't announced prices over here yet, since the Vita's still a ways
away.
But in Japan, it ranges between an average of 500 and 1000 yen.
So it's not bad.
That's a pretty good compromise, I think.
And you know, really, if you want to abuse that, you could take a friend's UMD or rent
a UMD or something like that, pop it in their register like you own it.
I mean, there's no way for them to know, but at least you get a little bit of a discount
if you're planning on actually buying the game anyways.
I still don't like the fact that I'm having to basically put in the UMD to have the privilege
of paying for the game all over again.
Well, I get it.
It just sucks.
I mean, the only reason they're doing that is because they know people are gonna abuse
it.
And because they can.
And because really, just play it on your PSP then if you don't want to, you know, if you
don't want to pay for it.
I guess that's true.
Still, wouldn't it be nice if they just had true backwards compatibility, but I guess
you can't do that when you change formats.
Anyhow, um, so it's gonna be backwards compatible, just obviously you can't, you know, well,
it's not really though.
Well, there's no UMD drive, big deal.
That's an antiquated format.
Alright, moving on.
What about the digital copies of games I bought?
I bought 30 Second Hero digitally.
Will I be able to just download that to my Vita?
Yes.
Okay, then I'm fine.
Then that's good.
Yeah, all that stuff is tied to your network account and you can re-download it to that,
but it's just UMD games, you know, there's no way to transfer that because they're not
gonna make a UMD drive.
I feel a little better then.
Alright, moving on to information about Super Mario 3D Land, which was of course a big,
release today, came out today, a lot of people very excited about that, um, I wanna pick
this up at some point, amongst all the other games.
Here's the thing, it is one of the games I wanna get for the 3DS, but I just don't see
myself playing it anytime soon, and I'm in no big hurry, it's a Mario game, you know,
I know it's gonna be good, but it's not like, I gotta rush out and go get it.
I have been hearing a lot of good things about it, it's getting really good reviews, but
it's getting lost amongst all the Modern Warfare and Skyrim chatter, but this is one for the
younger crowd too, I mean, all ages really.
It reminds me a lot of Mario Galaxy, but just in, you know, the 3DS.
And that's not a bad thing?
No, it's not a bad thing.
Mario Galaxy's fucking great.
But anyway, um, there is a help system in the game, a lot of the newer Nintendo games
have kinda held your hand a little bit if you constantly fuck up, and Mario 3D Land
is no different.
Uh, it's been revealed through, you know, people playing the game today, that if you
die twice, you'll get a free power-up at the beginning of the level, like a random power-up
that happens.
And if you die five times in a level, you get a tanooki suit that's basically invincibility
the whole way through the level.
So it's like, you can't die unless you are just a baddie.
Um, so it really will help you handle, I mean, can you imagine if the original Mario Brothers
had did that?
Like, oh, you're having problems beating World 8 too?
You can't get through these hammer brothers?
Here, have invincibility through the entire level.
That's just why I saved P-Wings and flew over the whole damn thing.
So that's, uh, you know, that's where we're at now.
Now, here's the interesting thing though, is that you're only allowed to do that the
first time you beat a level.
If you're trying to go back and look for coins, be a completionist and so forth, you don't
get help.
So if you're gonna go collect coins and shit, you better do it the first time you have that
tanooki suit, cause you won't be getting it again.
So that's the help in Mario 3D.
Anyhow, uh, what's all this, what's all this newfangled 3D stuff?
You remember a time when gaming was simpler?
We didn't have all this newfangled 3D Mario Galaxy.
No, we had Super Mario Brothers 2D.
We liked it.
We're gonna travel back to a simpler time where Dark Sakura's gonna get into the classic
gaming vault and find a game that she says, hey, hey, I don't wanna hear about your Skyrim.
I wanna hear about your Modern Warfare, your 3DSes.
I don't know about your Skyrim job.
Go play this game because this is classic gaming.
I think that you should play the intro to the game.
A lot of people are just gonna pick it up right now.
They're gonna get it right away.
All right, well then let's go right to the intro of this week's classic game of the week.
This is an oldie goodie.
Or maybe you were like five when this game came out.
Well, I said rock on purpose.
There have been a lot of hard listeners who were.
It's Mega Man X, also known as Rockman X, which came out on Super Nintendo or also the
Super Famicom in 1993 in Japan, 1994 in North America.
There's PC versions, yay.
But this is probably one of the best of the series.
So it's like in the future Mega Man X was made by Dr. Light and stored away in a capsule
for 30 years and Dr. Light probably died.
So this other one named Dr. Cane finds him and, well, he made a bunch of robots based
on X and they all went crazy.
So basically X has to go stop him.
We have zero in this game, it's awesome.
So this is what really, I think, where the Mega Man games were really cool, you know,
and I've always thought they were really awesome.
I think though that having the X series really kind of launched it into the next level, if
you'll pardon me for using the phrase.
Anyway, as it went through there, we had more characters.
Like I said, there was Zero who was brought in, there was Axl, Sigma, you know, as the
bad guy.
And then, so moving through, there were also, of course, later games.
There was all the way up through Rockman, Mega Man X8, I think was the last part.
Dan's gonna be the last one.
That's what I meant, yeah, X8 was the last one.
I had to be sure, well, I was pretty sure, but you know, we've also had different versions
of them.
There's been Mega Man Xtreme and Xtreme 2, which was in Japan, was called Rockman X Cyber
Mission and Rocksman X2, Soul Eraser, which is just a freaking cool name, came out of
them.
And then, we've also had Mega Man Maverick Hunter X, which was the re-release for PSP.
So I mean, basically, he's got different abilities apart from just, you know, the shooting and
you kill the robot, you get the power, blah, blah, blah.
He can also dash and you can get an air dash later on.
Get all these power-ups.
You can also charge your weapon too, which is really useful.
That means you can also charge your, um, the weapons that you inherit from other Mavericks.
So that's pretty cool.
And um, they have interesting names, some of these Mavericks, like Toxic Seahorse.
But they're pretty much element-based, you know, you get your fire, water, lightning,
wind, magnetism, time, all kinds of stuff.
So uh, really there's not much else, you know, I can really say about that because it's freaking
Mega Man X and if you haven't played it, where have you been?
Go play it!
There's billions and billions of versions out there to try.
Some comments from our chatroom at chat.ownersontrader.com, Hitstun says, actually I played this game
on PC first.
There was a PC demo that was just the intro stage until Sigma showed up, but I thought
it was awesome.
I do remember this game on PC, actually.
Yeah.
There was a PC port.
There was an old-ass Mega Man game on PC that was really terrible, it was only like three
stages.
Anyway, but that's not X.
But anyway, uh, let's see.
Um, also I got schooled because I said earlier, remember I said back when we didn't have 3D
games and all that?
Act Def said we had 3D Rad Racer.
Aww, I got burned.
Burned total.
I did.
The shutter glasses that came out with the raster system.
No, it was red-blue.
Red-blue, oh yeah.
No, but there was a lasaxon 3D.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, the shutter glasses.
Alright, so I guess we did have 3D gaming back then.
I got told.
Dude, what are you doing?
Not really in the Super Nintendo era.
Are you playing Saints Row?
Loki is playing Saints Row with his dildo bat.
Are you gonna hit somebody in the face with your dildo bat?
You just- Okay, this is terrible radio if I watch this.
Good.
It's floppy!
He literally- Who wants a floppy dildo?
He literally threw a guy to the ground and then posed like, hey, like a little swimsuit
model pose on the guy.
Who- Wow.
What's the purpose of having a floppy dildo?
You just kicked that fat guy in the crotch and then whapped him with your dildo.
They kicked a woman.
That was a woman.
That was a woman.
That was a pat.
It was a pat.
Alright.
Anyway, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Make a man X.
Good pick, Dark Sakura.
Good pick.
I know.
Thank you.
Alright.
We're gonna take a break, but don't go anywhere.
Those of you on the podcast will only be gone like five seconds, but those of you live, don't
go anywhere because we're gonna be back with plenty more Orange Lounge Radio.
Your emails, which finally came through, phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR, rapid fire news,
talk of a Tumblr post that's taking everybody by storm, but I'm gonna be a bitch about it.
So stay tuned for that.
We'll be back.
What's new?
Shut up.
We'll be back.
See, we'll be back in just a few more minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with the 435th episode of our show on this November the 13th of 2011.
And during the break there, I was watching Loki play a little bit of Saints Row the Third,
which he has hooked up here in studio, which he's playing.
And he's just running around punching people in the face.
This game is very purple.
Like I know I was getting that in the art and everything, but like the game, the nights,
the sky is all lit up purple and the pause is purple.
This is a purple people leader game.
Well, the reason why a lot of it's purple is because...
Is that like your game color?
Yes, it's your game color and also as you start taking over territories, you'll see
a lot of the lights turn purple and they kind of indicate, you know, that you've taken it
over.
Gotcha.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Saints Row.
We are live.
You can join our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com and comment on some of the rapid fire news
we're about to get to.
So Loki, you got to pause Saints Row to go over some rapid fire news.
Yes.
And we'll talk a little bit more about Saints Row because Saints Row 4 has already been
out by, you know, the guys over at THQ and not a big surprise because I think this game
is going to do well for them, but let's see here.
It was Danny Bilson, the executive vice president and apparently, you know, he was saying that
the fourth game is going to be even more over the top than the third game and he already
knows what the, uh, the premise is about and Saints Row in space.
Loki just pointed at me.
Well, you think that's it?
Let's not, let's get, not get ahead of ourselves.
Well, you said more over the top than this one.
I mean, like how did the Friday the 13th series end up going like just too far over the top
by sending Jason to space?
That is part of the DLC actually.
It's pimps in space or like a gangsters in space is literally the, uh, yes, it is part
of the DLC.
I'm not sure if you actually go to space, but it's one of them.
All right.
Fair enough.
Um, so yeah, interesting.
Um, and then, uh, this of course this is kind of cool.
Uh, they're going to be doing a free to play MMO for the, um, are based on game of thrones,
the book and TV series and actually just finished watching the first season of that.
So it's kind of cool and it kind of a coincidentally, uh, also Atlas announced that they're going
to be publishing game of thrones on xbox 360 and PlayStation three coming up this March
if I remember correctly.
Um, so yeah, uh, lots of stuff based on that property I guess cause it is pretty, it's
pretty good actually.
People like that show.
Yeah.
Um, and then of course, last but not least, uh, dead island is receiving a patch which
will do a few things.
Also gonna be raising the level cap to a 60 and um, you know, they also included us some
new blueprints for weapon mods added, um, infected damage reduce and a bunch of other
gameplay improvements.
Also some fixes to the interface and just improve stability and network performance
and co-op and that kind of stuff.
So, um, neat, uh, in our chat room, a chat, I don't know, it sounds really calm or a little
bit buffered here.
So the chat is just now here in the saints row story and uh, um, orange right in our
chat room says pimps at sea.
Is there a, is there saints row on the ocean?
Is there pirates versus ninjas in saints row?
Uh, you can have pirates or ninjas as, uh, well I don't know about pirates, but I know
you can have ninjas in your gang.
Okay.
I was gonna say, maybe that's, that's some of their, they could go with it.
I mean you can dress up like a pirate on the high seas, you dress up pretty much like anything
you want.
All right.
All right.
And game guru says pimps in space.
Okay.
I really need to get into saints row.
All right.
Moving on to, and THQ gives you no kickback Loki, right?
You really are just that big a fanboy for saints row.
I like the game.
It's great.
There you go.
All right.
Uh, I like this game too.
It's going to be 13 and it's getting a sequel 13 two is coming out as if there weren't enough
games coming out.
But the good news is this one's not out till early, early next year.
There are going to be some special edition, uh, packages for the game.
Now I'm going to report on what's coming out in Europe.
However, apparently a lot of this is going to be coming to North America as well.
So there is going to be a collector's edition that will come with special packaging and
a game, a composer soundtrack, CD, an artwork book, six postcards featuring CG artwork of
the characters and a lenticular art print of lightning, who isn't even the main character
in the game.
So go figure.
There's also, I guess, a crystal edition that comes with all that, but instead of a single
CD, you get a four disc soundtrack and you get a final fantasy 13 two t-shirt that you
can't get anywhere else.
And of course, I guess like a little presentation box.
So a lot of the same pre-order stuff will be coming to America as well, because Hey,
if you're going to, if you're going to spend 60 bucks on a game, why not spend 80 and get
a free t-shirt and soundtrack, huh?
Sure.
Sure.
You got to really love that though.
There are some other black Friday deals here that we wanted to mention real quick.
Uh, at this part, there is, uh, some special bundles coming out and one of them of note
is a Zelda 3DS bundle.
That's going to be like a special edition.
And a lot of these have been cited around the internet.
This is making its way to the U S for one 79.
It's a black system that comes with the legend of Zelda Ocarina of time 3d.
There's also going to be a flare red that comes with Mario 3d land that is both available
at Walmart.
Uh, apparently GameStop is also going to have a similar, uh, bundle going on, but unfortunately
they're not like special branded systems.
They're just the regular.
Oh, I thought they had the Zelda artwork on, uh, only in Europe and boo, hiss and stuff.
Um, yeah, only the plain Jane system when I was reading about that, I thought it was
a special.
I'm glad you clarified.
Uh, some rumors about the next Xbox.
Apparently the prototype name is loop, which is good that we have a different name for
it now.
Cause it's not going to be Xbox seven 20.
Why would it be Xbox seven 20?
That's a huge assumption.
So I like loop that that makes me think that now they're naming these after books in the
ring series.
So we'll see.
Cause Hey, Xbox three 60 had a bunch of rings as their logo.
So why not have loop is the next one.
Anyhow.
I guess as some type of inside blog, you know, take it with a grain of salt, whatever, uh,
loop is the code name for it.
It's supposed to have all this boosted technology called assistive cores inside, uh, including,
you know, graphics, AI, physics, sound networking, encryption sensors.
It's supposed to be smaller and cheaper than the three 60.
I'm assuming that means when this three 60 initially came out, it's going to run on a
modified version of windows nine.
That's not too surprising really all things considered.
I mean, isn't the Xbox now starting to look more and more like windows eight and some
of the prototypes are showing that it's running on windows nine and they're like, some of
the rumors I've been hearing are like, it's going to be out next year, either late next
year or early next, uh, the, you know, 2013 I'm like, so they're going to go through eight
that fast.
Well, if it's a modified windows nine, that leaves a lot of room for interpretation there.
Um, so who knows?
So whatever we're going to have, have rumors galore, we won't have anything solid till
eight and I'm not surprised either because I think that they're going to be windows eight.
One of the things about that is they're going to do a lot of, you know, compatibility with
different arm processors and stuff.
So if they're, you know, trying to make it so that can run on pretty much everything,
um, that wouldn't surprise me.
Why does the chat room think I said Xbox three 60 lube?
Did I say lube?
He said lube.
I said lube lube would be a fun name.
I don't know why they're all like, did he say the Xbox lube?
Then it would be a smooth move.
Now I kind of like the name Xbox lube.
We're getting you ready.
That'll be the, uh,
that'll be the, uh,
love it.
All right.
It's now we are now officially calling the next Xbox, the Xbox lube, especially in light
of the recent hackings of money that's been taken.
And it seems very appropriate that it would be lubing you up to, uh, have stuff stolen
from you.
The Xbox lube awful coming in 2013 coming.
All right.
Dark Sakura, I'm feeling kind of nauseous now.
Kaijuto says, I like Xbox lube.
The blue Ray will slide in better.
So how about some dragon quest 10?
If you are in the Japanese beta, you get a free hat.
Notice I said the Japanese beta, because it's only the beta in Japan.
You have to have a Japanese query mix account to be able to sign up for it.
So not Japan sucks to be you, well, it does suck anyway, but anyway.
So how about some Bioshock infinite?
It's going to have a special move peripheral.
Um, it, uh, well it says it will draw you deeper into the version, this vision of a
parallel future, blah, blah, blah, um, but we don't know what it is.
I bet it's a hose.
Actually they confirm that that's not actually happening.
No.
Okay.
Well saints row, the third, how about that dildo that you were playing with?
It was floppy.
Well, um, for the Japanese version, the penetrator has been censored.
The veins and physics from the dildo was meant to be removed because they have stricter
guidelines on how you can display a phallus.
And I think they also took out the balls as well.
Uh, I do not believe the testicles were on the penetrator.
This is very serious, Rob, why are you laughing?
I'm sorry, they have effectively neutered the weapon.
It looks like a purple vibrator now.
It's totally gonna throw everything off.
My favorite is that all these very serious game blogs had to report, well yes, I had
to make the dildo less veiny.
You know what?
Had to take out his floppy physics.
You know what?
It would be awesome to have, they gave this out and of course they can't do this out over
here because it would be tasteless, but in certain other countries like Denmark and Finland
or whatever, uh, they were actually shipping them recreations of the penetrator, actual
size recreations of the penetrator.
It's a giant four foot long dildo on a stick.
On a baseball bat.
On a baseball bat that these, uh, blog people had.
I would display that proudly if- I'm looking for pictures.
Go to Kotaku.
Kotaku.
Kotaku has that.
Oh yeah, because she's got to post them in the Orange Launch Radio Tumblr account because
we haven't really been posting a lot over there tonight, so here you go.
Alright, um, I wanted to- They show what it looks like in Japan and it's, um, rigid.
Very rigid.
Beautiful.
Alright moving on to, uh, talking about- This is actually from Tumblr.
I wanted to talk about this real quick before we get into some long form news because I
saw this around Twitter and this is a nice story.
I want to share this nice story with you guys and see what you guys think about it, okay?
So, um, this- I got to abridge this because I don't want to read this verbatim, but, uh,
where is this coming from?
I think the original Tumblr user that posted this was iHeartChaos, was the original post
of this, um, and it says, I just got back from the midnight release of the game Skyrim.
And he's talking about there's a 13 year old boy there and he got a new copy of the game
and five feet out the door some douchebag took it, ran off with it, and the kid was
obviously about to burst into tears.
He'd ridden his bike two miles in the cold at night to get the game.
He actually had sold a bunch of his Yu-Gi-Oh cards and did housework for his parents to
get it and the guy who wrote this said, I had an idea, save my place in line, and he
went through the line, told other people about the situation, collected a bunch of money,
five bucks here and there and so forth, and he was able to raise the money for a new copy,
bought the kid a new copy and the kid was, you know, very thankful about it and so forth
and the kid said, do you need anything in return?
And the guy says, I told him, young man, I just hope one day you'll do something equally
nice for someone.
So, you know, it's a very, it's a very inspiring pay it forward type of story, right?
So it's very, very nice.
Does anyone now, and I read this on Twitter and I was like, that's sweet, but I mean,
I'm going to be a bitch here because there's something kind of really wrong with this story.
Did anyone else pick up on it?
Yep.
I picked up on it.
What did you pick up on, Loki?
I picked up on the fact, first off, it's a child.
That's right.
In an M rated game.
That's right.
Loki, I said at the very beginning, it was a 13 year old who rolled his bike and sold
his Yu-Gi-Oh cards to get a midnight.
Was it a midnight launch?
A midnight launch.
Oh, his parents are wonderful.
If now, this is going to sound really rude, but this is the point when you start to look
at, at situations like that, do you go, is this story real?
Maybe the story's not real like, and I know that sounds like a horrible thing to say,
but I think I have a right to be skeptical because what parent, let's say a 13 year old
ride their bike at midnight at night.
I mean, I guess there's some crazy people out there, but it does, it does well and see
what happens when that, when you do let your 13 year old out at midnight and seriously,
why are people like robbing people of games?
I mean, that's, I mean, that's that part shitty.
Go like steal it from a store or something sadly, you know, and then there's that part
and it makes me go, well, you know, that definitely could be legit that somebody is going to steal
an X-Box game right out of a kid's hands.
I mean, that's really fucking classy, but unfortunately there's some people in this
world that are just not have no class whatsoever and would do something like that, but you
know, there's also that part of me that's like, but it's a 13 year old trying to buy
an M rated game.
The game starts, I don't mean to be all spoilery, but within the first five minutes of playing
Skyrim, you're going to see some guy get his head chopped off old style execution style.
And it's like, do you want your 13 year old to see that?
Maybe not like some 13 year olds can probably handle it.
I watched red Sonia when I was what, seven, but that was your parents' choice.
No it wasn't and you didn't ride two miles in the dark at midnight to go do it.
Maybe the parents let the kid did this.
Maybe the parents let the kid did this and that's fine, whatever.
He's not my kid.
But then I go, but the store and effectively allowed this perfect stranger to buy an M
rated game for a 13 year old.
I mean, regardless of the reason, isn't that not supposed to be happening?
That is not supposed to be happening.
So now, now my other question is, am I a bitch for my mind instantly going here?
Well let me, on a feel good, warm, fuzzy wuzzy, gamers do good story.
No he didn't do good cause he, he basically bought the game.
He should have, I don't know, whatever, his parents should have taken care of it.
So all right, is it wrong that I'm color correcting this picture of a dildo?
You're just really bored.
All right, wait a minute, you're doing a show.
How can you be bored?
Uh, because I'm putting it on the...
Moving on, let's get to some more gaming news, Loki.
So of course, you know, one of the things that's popular nowadays is online passes.
And you know, as much as I love Saints Row the Third, this is kind of fucked up.
And it's basically with their, their online pass.
Okay, I kind of figured that this game would have an online pass.
My problem with it is that, say I didn't want to play online.
Say I bought the game, cause it has system link, praise system link, awesome.
And I want to play with my friend, um, you know, over system link.
In order for me to do that, I have to put in an online pass code.
That's right.
If I bought this game used, and I had no intention to play it online at all, I wanted to play
it system link, I would have to pay $10 to get a code.
An online pass to play offline.
What is up with that?
But yes, that is the case, um, you know, they have a screenshot of the actual online pass
code.
I have my own online pass code, and yeah, you can do it.
Oh, and of course, you know, because the comp is early, it's not actually on the site yet,
so I can't actually play co-op with anybody yet.
But uh, that's fucked up.
I mean, I thought the whole point of these online passes, and it's not even me calling
it an online pass.
It's not like, you know, okay this is an Ubi Uplay thing, this is gonna unlock bonus contents.
It says, your online pass code.
So if I'm not playing this online, and the whole reason that you're charging this is
because online servers cost money to run, then, then basically you're just taking money
for the hell of it.
You know, um, I don't know.
I mean, you should have had system link outside of it.
Now, here's why they don't have system link outside of it.
Because they know this game's gonna get pirated, and they also know that there are ways that
you can play online co-op with somebody else via system link.
And that's why they put this behind a code, because if they're gonna at least make some
money off this pirated copy, if you're gonna play online and play co-op, whether it be
through system link or whatever, then they're gonna make $10 off it.
That's the true reason why it's like this.
But still, for legitimate people that, you know, wanna play this game, say buy it used
or whatever.
It's a further case of legitimate buyers getting screwed over, anti-piracy measures that'll
get hacked to shit anyway.
Yeah, I mean, because I agree this game's awesome, and you should buy it, and, you know,
if you can buy it new, great, because I think you should play it sooner than later, but
not everyone can buy it new, and you shouldn't be expected to have to pony out, you know,
money for something that maybe you're not sure that you'd like it or something.
Well, granted, but when you do buy the game new, you don't, I mean, we have to remember
that online passes don't affect those that buy new.
Yeah, but it's still, it still ain't, well, and actually, no, it does kind of affect me
if buying it new, because I plan a lot of different systems that work, so if I wanna
play system link co-op now, I can only play on my system, and, you know, I'd have to get
another copy new.
You can't, like, download the data to USB and then go to a friend's house and put the
USB in there?
No.
Oh, wow.
I don't think so.
I think it's tied to your system.
Could it be tied to your account?
It might be tied to your account.
You might be able to do it.
Yeah.
Even still, though, I would have to log in online anyways to play system link, you know,
because you have to download, it's DLC, basically.
Oh, yeah.
So DLC is usually tied to your system.
Right.
And you can't play the same account on two systems to system link, can you?
No.
Ah, see, that's the trick.
So you are kind of getting screwed in that regard.
Yep.
Hmm, well, it's a, it's a good thing to know before the game comes out, I think, especially
for people who might be considering buying it, waiting to get it used or whatever.
Well, and here's the thing, though.
They didn't tell anybody it was gonna have this.
It was just, it happened to be a reviewer or whatever said, hey, it has an online pass.
It's something to report on.
They didn't tell, you know, anybody, like, if that reviewer hadn't said anything, you
know, I'm sure, obviously, it's gonna get out there early and people would say something,
but let's just say, devil's advocate here, that no one said anything.
THQ would have not said anything.
You would get home with your copy of the game.
You're like, what the fuck is this?
And they already have your 60 bucks.
But now you're getting used, you're getting used to seeing those things in every game.
Yeah, but, and I have no problem with games that, you know, if they want to charge that
because they're saying, okay, well, we need to fund our servers or whatever the case may
be, you know, and it's an online game.
I have a problem with it on Xbox 360.
I'm already paying 50 bucks a month for that.
Why is, why are Microsoft games allowed to charge for this?
And now, granted, Microsoft first party games haven't done it because they know better because
we're gonna go apeshit on them when they try to pull that shit because that's true double
dipping right there.
But right now, it's really only the third parties that are doing it.
And now Sony, but Sony, you know, Sony's online thing is free already.
I mean, I give this way more justification on the PlayStation than I do on the Xbox because
I'm already paying 50 bucks a month to play online on the Xbox.
Yeah.
That's kind of what pisses me off about the online pass in that regard.
But anyhow, rumors abound that a new Zelda game is on its way.
It's being made for the 3DS series producer, Eiji Onuma, talked to a Portuguese website,
My Games, and said the following, quote, we are already preparing a new game, a game in
the series for the Nintendo 3DS, but don't think that it is a direct sequel to the Zelda
titles released on DS.
We are talking about a new game, but it takes much of what has been done on previous handhelds.
Some folks are saying, is this sort of Majora's Mask?
I'm actually thinking no.
I think, you know, I'm kind of reading really a lot into this, but I think it's definitely
a new Zelda title, which kind of seems like a duh.
There's gonna be the major Nintendo franchises, but look at everything that's kind of been
leading up to this.
You know, Nintendo has been talking about, yeah, we need more big releases on the 3DS,
and we have some things that are coming in 2012 that we're not ready to announce yet.
I think Zelda 3DS is probably the big thing that's being unveiled next E3 on the 3DS.
I mean, duh, right?
It's gonna be some big first party game, and if they're gonna refuse to give me F-Zero
another year, then it's gonna be probably Zelda.
Most likely.
This doesn't surprise me at all.
And I don't want it to be Majora's Mask.
I get that some people want that remade too, whatever, fine, but I think I'd rather just
have a new Zelda game.
Why not a new experience?
The Mario game's apparently pretty good, so they're capable of taking the old franchises
and making them fun in 3D.
Why not Zelda?
I'm sure it'll be a new game.
It'll be cool.
Hopefully it won't take five years to develop.
We'll see though.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com, and Dark Soccer's
gonna dive into the email bag and pick out the one email that came in this week that's
worth reading.
Well, we have all the rest of those, fam.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Now, I realize a lot of you have been busy playing Modern Warfare and Skyrim and Mario
and so forth, but let's make her work next week.
We want to hear no opinions on the panel tonight about Modern Warfare.
I need emails on Modern Warfare.
Tell me why this sold nine million copies or whatever the first day.
I need to understand.
I'm not hating on the game.
I just want to know.
Hater.
I'm not hating on it.
It's just not my type of game.
Hater's gonna hate.
But I want to know why other people get so riled up about it.
Can I read the email?
Yes.
Hey, Orange Loungers.
It's Jim Sally.
I live for holiday deals.
I've gotten everything from cheap games online and stood in line for big screen TVs.
What's the best holiday deal you ever got?
Once I bought an original, I said original, original Xbox 5.1 sound system for $75 on
Boxing Day because it was a return.
At least the guy in the parking lot with his trunk open said so.
Mmm.
Thanks, guys.
Sundays are orange forever, Jim Sally.
Yeah, I'd recommend never buying something out of a trunk, not that I would ever do that.
Actually, no, I have never done that, so, but, you know, they tend to sell you stereo
systems that are actually brick painted black and stuff like that, so, you know.
I would say the best holiday deal I ever got was my HDTV for $600.
Keep in mind, this was in the year, I think, 2004.
I got it at Costco, and it was back when HDTVs were not flat.
They had the giant backs like the old school TVs still.
That thing was heavy as hell.
That was a big TV.
Did I get that when I was living with you, Loki, or was that, that was when I was living
with Extifer.
I finally got that, but that was only $600, which then was, like, dirt cheap for an HDTV.
I don't know if you remember that TV the other time.
You know where you can see that TV?
It's in the news report that Channel 3 did on us that somebody put up on YouTube.
You're playing DDR on that old TV.
Let me see if I can find it.
Yeah.
This is a good time to revisit that on YouTube, too.
I thought I was playing DDR on, uh- You were playing on the cabinet.
On the cabinet?
Yeah, you were playing on the cabinet.
No, no, no.
That was when The B did the article.
That was the Sacramento B. Well, the one with the rock band, not rock band, but guitar hero
was here at my house.
No, no.
He's talking about the, uh- On my old TV.
Don't you remember the, don't you remember the It's So Much Fun story that led to that
whole thing?
Don't you remember that?
That was, oh, look.
I found it.
I found it here.
It's still on YouTube.
Look at this.
We're joining the podcasting craze that's becoming a web craze, but what is it?
How does it work?
KCRA 3's Brian Hickey tonight shows us how people are using podcasting to inform, entertain,
and share their thoughts with the world.
It's Jamie Speed.
It's called Dance Dance Revolution, or DDR, a popular game-
There.
There's the ginormous TV.
Remember that guy?
Yeah.
I got that for 600 bucks.
That was a steal back then.
October 9th, 2006, but anyway.
Now that I have this up- I was thinking of the Wega, but the Wega was, um, dude's TV.
Now that we're, this is a five-year-old clip now.
Now I want to watch the rest of it.
No, I don't want to watch it.
It started off tiny and it's grown.
That's what she said.
No, we're not playing this.
No, I gotta hear that again.
It started off tiny and it's grown.
A subculture of pop culture, and these are the voices to unite and inform the gaming
fans.
A cliche thing.
That's a cliche thing.
Hello everybody once again, and welcome to-
Remember that ginormous green chair we had randomly in the old studio in the Extrofer
apartment?
The one I would sleep in sometimes?
Oh my God, that chair is gigantic.
Anyway, sorry.
...of our podcast from their apartment in Rancho Cordova using revolutionary technology.
Oh my God.
That was my old laptop that's in the garage now.
Look how young we are in this picture.
Like especially look at Loki.
Like he looks so much younger in this clip.
And I had hair.
It's amazing.
I look the same.
I bet we will do that to you.
Except your hair is shorter.
And it's a different color.
...for the world.
We basically give the news for video games, popular culture, basically what gamers really
want to know.
Using a computer, podcast producers record their programs, then send them to a number
of websites now hosting the shows.
Now anyone can create, edit, and air their ideas, concerns, music, and all things audio
to anyone else willing to download it.
It's something they can take with them.
It's a much more flexible way of spreading the information.
With nothing more than an MP3 player and a set of headphones, you can listen to it anywhere.
I love that they just interviewed some random dude bro, like who had his iPod with him.
He's skating down the street.
People can talk about things they like to talk about and other people can join in and
listen to.
And it's really open and lots of people can get into it.
A number of websites are now hosting the podcast for free.
The newest and biggest database to adopt the technology is Apple's iTunes.
You just click on the podcast tab, type a topic in the search feature, and a list of
available podcasts are at your fingertips.
Free for you.
Free for the producers.
Free speech for everyone.
It's so much fun.
It's great.
They can go eat a dick, okay?
Interview me for a minute and a half.
Let's play this two-second clip.
They never show Loki's name, his real name.
They never show anything but that one little clip, oh, it's so much fun.
And then me talking about something a little more profound.
Free for the producers.
Free speech for everyone.
It's so much fun.
It's great that, you know, just anybody out there who really has a desire to want to be
heard, you have an outlet for your voice to get out there.
So podcasting is just wonderful.
In Rancho Cordova, Brian Hickey, KCRA 3 reports.
I got to say more than everybody.
That was kind of cool.
Recently, Governor Schwarzenegger began providing his weekly radio address as a podcast.
It can be downloaded, so you can listen to it in your car as you walk or even as you're
pumping iron in the gym.
That's right.
We were mentioned in the same breath as Governor Schwarzenegger.
Yes, he really was the governor of California, if you weren't aware, he really, really was
the governor.
Did you notice that overhead cam shot trying to get my boobs?
Seriously.
The cameraman fancied you.
Whatever.
It's just because I'm a girl.
And by the way, here's my favorite.
Here's my favorite thing about that whole story.
Our show is never named.
They never say they don't want to have free advertising ever said, but when you when you
watch him search, he's searching for Orange Lounge Radio.
That was the shout out we got.
But never did they say these three guys produce a show called Orange Lounge Radio.
Nope.
They play DDR and it's so much fun.
And it's it started off tiny and it's grown.
Cutting edge technology.
These failed, crappy laptops.
These guys are doing what Governor Schwarzenegger is doing.
Pumping iron.
Doing drugs.
We are not making poor decisions.
All right.
Let's move on.
Is that it for e-mails?
Oh, holiday deals.
We never we took a trip down memory lane and just totally ignored Jim Sally's one more
e-mail.
I mentioned the TV.
Did anybody else get any really good holiday deals?
They can remember.
I don't remember.
I don't care.
I used to buy like different like media and stuff, you know, like seedy blanks and stuff
like that, because they usually have some good deals on those, at least during the holidays.
That was the only thing I could see you'd like going to like Best Buy or something for.
All right.
Mail bag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us some e-mails in the future.
All right.
After that trip down memory lane, I'm sure that's going to ignite some fury amongst some
people.
That's going to be part of the show we call the FUs of the week.
I don't know, I guess just to feeling crappy.
Yeah, F you to feeling crappy and F you to shame.
Why is he getting an F you?
Because I've listened to like a lot of Manson and every time I can't help it.
He's got me liking a group that I can't get any new stuff from anymore.
Oh yeah.
Didn't they like break?
They broke up years ago, but I just recently heard of them.
Thanks to him.
That group died, too.
I don't know, but I'm mad at Shane only marginally, and I'm also mad at Shane for not catching
up on Supernatural.
So I can't talk to him about it.
Sorry.
This is our chat room.
Cause we were talking about the similarities between orange launch radio and governor Schwarzenegger,
right?
Kossin in the chat says, which one of the OLR hosts diddled the maid and salacious pop
follows that up saying, is OLR going to suddenly reveal a 10 year old offspring from a Latina
domestic servant because that's something governor Schwarzenegger did.
The show is the right age.
We got really drunk after our second episode.
Don't ask how this happened.
Hey, I'm the only one that's, you know, physically capable of that.
So shut up.
No, I Loki or I could have boinked a maid, but, oh, that's right.
I'm not a Latina maid.
You definitely are not a Latina maid.
Please.
All right.
FUs of the week.
Uh, Loki.
Um, I would say my, if he goes through those people, I know I'm not sure if you've seen
these, but they have these little signs that show how fast you're going and stuff like
that.
It's, you know, kind of a reminder to do the speed limit or under the speed limit.
I always, always speed up when I see them.
Well, I see people like see those signs and they like slam on their brakes.
I'm like, dude, it's a fucking sign.
It's not going to write you a ticket.
It's a sign.
That's all it does is it showed you how fast you're going and not accurately by the way.
My favorite thing to find out with those signs is how high it will track you before it starts
getting angry and starts blinking.
Like I always like to see like, what's the speed limit where it starts flashing, slow
down asshole.
So yeah, so I feed those people that think signs are real people that are going to write
them tickets or something.
It doesn't have a magical camera on it.
I'm sure someday the signs will be able to write you a ticket and governments are hard
up enough for the money.
I guess.
All right.
Uh, my FU of the week goes to the headache I had today because headaches are terrible
and yeah, it made me want to nap all day forever.
Does it make you feel better Rob?
What the giant purple dildo?
No.
It does not make me feel better.
I kind of want one.
I'd hang it up in the studio.
Sure.
I would.
All right, let's move on with some more stories.
The Skype line coming up soon, but first more news Loki studio sext engines, same difference.
Um, so apparently, you know, we were talking a little bit about online passes and stuff.
And one of the things that the online passes, if you want to call them that, um, do is basically
the deter use game sales and um, but there's a report that's out that's saying that basically
used in digital sales actually make up about 35% of total console spending and that's very,
you know, it makes sense, you know, with a lot of the stuff nowadays, you know, available
on the Xbox 360, uh, marketplace or, you know, the PlayStation network or even, you know,
WiiWare stores and steam and whatever, um, it's not surprising that it would be about that much.
Um, they're also saying that, um, you know, they show that 23% of the consoles purchased,
um, or console games purchased in the US are used and says slightly more in, uh, than the
European market were.
That's about 20%.
Also, uh, digitally, um, just digitally distributed titles rank lower in both regions, I guess,
taking up 12% of console market in America and nine in Europe.
And also, I guess they're saying that the 12% that actually is approximately $960 million
worth of content that's being purchased right there.
Um, and, uh, they're saying that also 54% of American console owners are spending an
average of $49 a year on console downloads.
Hmm.
And then, of course, uh, you know, talking a little bit about PC and you would kind of
think that PC is going to be skewing more towards the digital side.
Actually that's true.
They're saying that 58% of all PC gaming dollars are spent digitally on games or DLC.
So that's the way it's going in the PC market.
Not so much in the console market.
Not surprised because you see PC retail shelves really dry.
Oh yeah.
Like it's not a surprise at all.
In fact, now even, I mean, I know we don't talk a lot about gaming on the Mac, but you
know, the app store delivery is like the big thing on the Mac now.
They didn't even sell the latest OS upgrade like through the app store.
I think so.
Yeah.
I haven't had a Mac in a long time.
In fact, I gave my Mac to dark soccer who I guess just recently gutted it over the weekend
or I'm actually going to be doing a reformat on it.
It won't run Linux yet.
What exactly are you going to do with that thing?
I'm actually going to talk to people I know to take it apart and see about fixing the
DVD, the DVD player and seeing what I can do to get Linux on it and make it do your
evil bidding.
But I want, there's a version of Linux that's meant to run on a Mac and mirror Mac OS only
use a lot less memory and be a lot more efficient.
Then she's going to install the grid on it.
End of line.
And then I'll move in.
All right.
But anyhow, only 35% huh, you would think with all these online passes and everything
it was much higher.
It doesn't seem so bad.
No, cause I think the majority of, you know, cause you're looking at dollars and the majority
of the stuff that's purchased online would be cheaper.
And also a lot of, a lot more people are, you know, lined up to go to the stores to
buy stuff.
And also not a lot of stuff is like day and date with, you know, games on, you don't have
it yet where you can buy, you know, call of duty at midnight on, you know, as a digital
download.
And I would be willing to bet if they did that, you'd probably see a lot of people going
that route.
Well, steam did launch Skyrim where you could download, you know, you preload the game and
then you unencrypted at midnight.
Like they did do that for Skyrim and I think they've done it for other big games too.
So like steam does that a lot, but um, I'm seeing as far as like console stuff goes,
um, you don't see that.
That's true.
You don't see consoles yet.
Yet.
Yeah.
Wait, wait for the Xbox lube.
Cause it's going to give the lube, it's going to lube up GameStop because uh, I bet a lot
of these new consoles are going to go very, very heavy on digital distribution.
So like GameStop can bend over.
All right.
Well, you all right?
Nothing.
Just listening to what Dan's playing.
All right.
What is he playing?
Saints Row III.
Oh, nice.
Uh, moving on.
Uh, one of the biggest complaints about the Wii U when it was announced to E3 this year
is what?
All the games will only work with the one controller, you know, because the, I guess
the system that was not capable when they showed it at E3 of running games on multiple
controllers.
Cause you know, the touch screens, it's the, the device is basically processing the screen
and what you're seeing on the TV.
And so it was worrisome that, you know, you wouldn't be able to run multiple controllers.
Well, however, apparently, uh, some, uh, some stuff is going on behind the scenes where
they might actually be retooling the Wii U to work with multiple of those, uh, consoles.
Uh, I guess there's a, uh, article on developonline.net that talks about Nintendo now knows they absolutely
need to support two tablets.
At E3 they didn't commit to this, but they know how important it is to make technically
feasible to support two screens.
And if that affects frame rate as a developer and player, I don't care.
It needs to work.
Developers will design appropriate games for this.
If you're building a quiz game, you're not going to give a shit about the frame rate.
Hmm.
So apparently Nintendo is being pressured by developers to get this to work.
Could it end up delaying the whole system?
Maybe.
Loki, you've already speculated the Wii U's not coming out next year.
Uh, I wouldn't be surprised.
I wouldn't be surprised if it was 2013.
How is Nintendo gonna, I mean, I was gonna say how is Nintendo gonna recover next year,
but we're hearing reports that 3DS sales are going way up because of Mario 3D Land, at
least over in Japan.
Well, I mean, it'll help, and I, you know, definitely what they're gonna have in the,
you know, next year will help, but, um, I just, that's, that new system just sounds
so broken right now.
I mean, they have nothing to show for it yet.
I mean, some tech demos that are basically Wii games.
It's been six months.
It's probably a lot further along than what we saw at E3, and it's gonna be a lot, lot
further, further along next E3.
So I don't think it's, it's a done deal yet.
I think Nintendo knows that people were not as thrilled with Wii U as they were with the
3DS, and I think come next E3, they're really prepared to just blow us away.
And I think some hardcore developers getting up on that stage, some third-party developers
gonna get up there and show, you know, Saints Row 4 or something on the Wii U, and how it's,
you know, the technology is amazing or whatever.
And obviously I'm just picking that, because I know it'll, it'll get you interested.
Alright.
No.
No?
Are you in no way know-how buying a Wii U?
No, I wouldn't say that, but I'm just saying, uh, I'm not-
He's gonna steal one.
Steal one, please.
No, I'm not gonna, it's not something that right now I need to have.
Game Guru in our chat room says, yeah, the GameCube could support four GBAs.
There's a big difference there.
The GBAs worked on their own.
The GBAs had processors and game things independent of the GameCube.
That's not the case with the Wii U.
That little stream is base, it's basically like on live going on in your house.
And that little Wii U is what's, the box is streaming the image to your tablet.
It does have some processing power to those tablets, but they can't put a lot of processing
power in there because they gotta keep the price down.
Right.
I mean, you know.
But maybe this is something, maybe, you know, maybe that's something they might have to,
they might have to put more oomph in those tablets and make it more expensive.
What they should have done is they should delay this shit for another few years when
the price of those components comes down, then you can do that.
Yeah, but those tablets are essentially the lower half of a DS.
How expensive can those be now?
DSs are 79 bucks.
I mean, like the lowest end DS is 79 bucks.
You can't tell me that technology is that expensive.
We're already expecting those tablets are gonna be $100 a pop.
I don't know.
So.
All I know is I think it's a big old gimmick and I'm still not buying into it yet.
It's a fucking Wii with slightly better graphics and a goddamn tablet that's, what's that tablet
gonna do for me?
Oh, it's gonna stream some shit on it.
Okay.
Great.
You know, this is shit that could have been on the screen.
Oh, but we're moving the inventory.
Okay.
I, why should I spend $100 on a tablet?
Because the, you know, to be neat, you're gonna put the inventory screen on this tablet
instead of having push start to pop the inventory screen up.
I mean, who gives a shit?
Oh, we're gonna, we're gonna make our frame rate and stuff drop because we really need
this inventory screen to not be once again, and this is also goes to the connect too.
Why can't I just do things the old way?
Why can't I just push a button?
Inventory screen pops up.
Why do I need it to be, why do I need the map always on the bottom of the screen?
If you want the map on the bottom screen, put it in the corner of the screen and be
done with it.
Why do I need the shout grenade to throw a grenade?
You don't have to.
No, I don't have to.
But that's the thing, though, is in these games, you know, why do I have to waggle my
controller to throw a grenade?
Why can't I just push a button?
It's stupid.
Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
All they have to do is get up on that stage and say, brand new F-Zero game coming to Wii
U, and I preordered.
That's all they would have to do.
And you're part of the problem.
I am absolutely part of the problem, but it's F-Zero, Loki.
No, I don't care.
It's the best GameCube game they had.
Rah.
You have to understand, Rob, those times are gone.
They don't give a shit about F-Zero anymore, and if they do, it's gonna suck.
Why are you so mean, Loki?
Because you can't be.
Next thing you're gonna tell me, the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus aren't real.
Uh, Rob?
What?
They're not.
Ahh!
You're just saying the Easter Bunny's not real because you're Jewish.
What?
Alright.
You suck so much, heart.
Moving on, more news.
Hopefully that won't upset me, DarkSakura.
How about some Street Fighter stuff?
Yeah, let's kick some ass.
Well, the virtual console release of Super Street Fighter II on Genesis, you know, in
Japan has Wi-Fi, so did P.O.P.O.
But while we're getting the game, Street Fighter is not, no, yeah it is, it's actually gonna
have the Wi-Fi capability.
So that's kinda cool.
But why not Puyo Puyo?
Why not other stuff?
Because unfortunately Street Fighter, well I mean, not unfortunately, but you know, Street
Fighter is Street Fighter, and you know, everybody likes Street Fighter.
Only some people have even heard of Puyo Puyo.
But Street Fighter II is, you know, huge.
We should be able to play P.U.P.E.L.E.
anywhere.
But, I mean, yay for virtual console finally getting some online play capability about
oh, five years too late.
Also did you hear about how they're doing this?
They're doing it through emulation of that, oh god, I forgot the name of it, the X-Mode,
or what, what the fuck was that thing?
The X-Mode?
No.
Now I forget.
It's that, somebody in chat will yell it out.
It's that...
That online Genesis thing, right?
No, not the Sega Channel.
But it was, it was, it was Genesis and it was Super Nintendo.
An X...
Oh!
And you could plug it in, and it sat between your cartridge and the console, and you could
dial into this network and play P.U.P.E.L.E. like an old, old, old-ass version of Xbox
Live X-Mode.
I know what you're talking about.
I thought, I thought that's the name of it.
That's stupid.
Somebody in chat will shout it.
Ah, we don't want to do any work, let's just emulate this old shit.
That's what they're doing to make it work.
It's too stupid.
We have to build an emulator, you know...
If they can do it in Japan, why can't they do it here?
That's what they're doing in Japan, is they're using that emulation to do it.
Of course, I'm believing everything I read on the internet, so it might not actually
be true, but it wouldn't surprise me at all.
So...
Just silly.
Yeah.
X-band.
Thank you, chatters.
Who said that first?
X-band.
Orange Wright said it first.
Have you ever seen the X-band?
I think only like 7,000 of them were ever sold.
Here's a picture of it.
Oh, that's a tiny picture, but that's all I got.
But you can kind of see how it sits between the cartridge and the console.
Plug it in.
X-band.
Thank you.
All right, Loki, what do you got for us?
All right, let's talk about Modern Warfare.
I know, we're saving the best for last, right?
Modern Warfare 3, of course, not so surprisingly, broke all sorts of records.
It had the biggest launch ever for a game, and it sold 6.5 million units in one day.
That's both in our total from U.S. and U.K.
And of course, they're saying that they were estimating 9 million units, but I'd say give
it a couple weeks.
And of course, that puts the revenue for that game so far at 400 million dollars.
And the previous record, of course, was 310 million dollars last year with Modern Warfare
2.
It was 310 million.
Black Ops was 360 million.
So next year, with whatever the fuck they come out with, it'll be higher than that,
because people buy into this crap.
And not to say it's a bad game, but there's a lot of people buying that game.
What draws everybody to this series?
Popularity, I don't know.
You think it's mob mentality?
Friends?
I don't know, what draws people to the world of Warcraft?
They are pretty!
I've seen them.
Friends, you're right, social aspect, absolutely.
And definitely that's something that they built up this time, so, maybe.
Alright, last story for you guys.
Oh, I know it draws people to it.
It's because of the fact that little kids get to play this game because their parents
suck.
They let them go out to play launches.
I don't think that's it.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I would...
How many...
How much do you want to bet that about 1 million of that 3.6 million sold is probably people
under the age of 13?
I don't know about 13.
Under the age of 18, maybe.
Definitely under the age of 18.
17-year-olds and 16-year-olds, I believe it.
Under the age of 15, I guarantee it.
1 million at least.
Alright, moving on to one more story, and then we're going to get to Twitter topics.
Twitter.com slash olr and the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, and this is about another
series that's being worked on.
This is kind of a duh, but it's probably nice to hear that Gran Turismo 6, yep, it's underway.
It's being developed.
Of course it is!
It's come out for another eight years, but yeah.
Isn't it nice to know that it's being worked on?
And I guess this is coming from Kazunori Yamauchi, who's the creator of the Gran Turismo franchise.
He's the president of Polyphony Digital, and he actually, I guess, was at the Specialty
Equipment Market Association industry trade show in Las Vegas, because where else do trade
shows happen?
And was talking a lot about some of the recent developments to Gran Turismo 5.
They've done 15 updates to the game they were talking about, and that they are doing a DLC
that just came out and so forth, and talking about feedback and blah blah blah blah blah.
And somewhere in there, of course, we're working on Gran Turismo 6 already, and I think what
will really be the separating factor is something that we can't update through a DLC is something
that obviously has to be saved through Gran Turismo 6.
Things that we can provide through DLC we will, so that's really the market difference.
Maybe it'll be just in time for the PlayStation 4 launch.
We'll see.
Alright, we're going to go to the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or use your name on Skype
if you want to give us a call and talk about anything this week, or maybe something we've
missed.
Maybe you want to talk about modern warfare.
Heck, lots of people are into modern warfare, I'd like to hear some comments on that.
Maybe you want to talk about that Tumblr post we mentioned earlier, 13-year-olds playing
M-rated games.
Saints Row the Thirds dominate a lot of conversation night, or maybe have something else that you
think needs a shout out.
1-877-GAME-OLR, toll free in the US and Canada.
For everybody else, you probably want to use Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word,
on Skype.
Skype us, baby, Skype us.
Meanwhile, just tell us, oh, it's so much fun.
Twitter.com slash OLR, getting into some tweets tonight.
We'll start off with a tweet from Rettertainment.
Considering all the AAA games coming out in the next couple of weeks, I'm wondering if
there's a bank with good rates on credit cards.
No, there is not.
The answer to your question is no.
I guess my real answer, even though I get the tongue-in-cheekness of your question,
the real answer would be, it depends on your credit score.
The all-important credit score is what's going to determine who's going to give you good
rates.
Because if your credit score is really bad, then the only way you're going to get a credit
card is what's called a secured credit card, where you pay them $300 to give you a $300
line of credit, and only when you've really established that you can pay bills on time
will they give you that $300 back or offer you a card that's not secured.
Or that you have something that's already attached to your bank account.
So alright, we're going to go to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hey, X-Link!
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, I just wanted to say, Modern Warfare 3 was pretty decent.
Actually, I'm not really all into first-person shooters, but I actually loved playing it.
I was playing with a roommate of mine, and we loved playing the co-op.
It was a lot of fun.
What do you do in the game?
Do you always go through and shoot terrorists in the face?
Yeah, well, there's a co-op called...
It's like a mission-type mode, where they give you different little missions to go through.
And one of the favorite ones we were doing was...
I can't think of the name of it right off the bat.
I think it's the fifth or sixth one down, in the third or fourth mission, in the second
tier set of missions.
And basically, because I was the second player and my roommate was the first, and she was
the first player, you would actually try to get him off the base, but you're controlling
the turrets that we're hacking into.
So one person will play as the hacked turret, and basically you can sit there and mow down
all the enemies as you're trying to get him to run through to the other side of the base.
It was pretty decent.
Excellent.
I'm actually really interested to hear that you're into this game, because I know you
and I usually play a lot of the same types of games.
We both play WoW an awful lot, in fact, way more than we probably should.
We play a lot of the same type of puzzly games on Steam and so forth, but you are actually
kind of jumping into Modern Warfare.
Now, I, for one, am terrible at first-person shooters, so how hard is a game like Modern
Warfare for someone like me?
Personally, I suck at first-person shooters myself.
I'm usually the one that's running into room full of 15 enemies and trying to mow them
all down one time.
I'm basically the copycat of the noob from the commercial, basically, I'm just like running
around and doing anything I pretty much could see, I don't really take my time lying behind
walls and stuff.
I guess I'm really bad at that, because I'm so used to, I guess, Grand Theft Auto on the
end.
Or Quake.
That's how you play Quake.
That will always be my favorite first-person shooter, is Quake, because there was no such
thing as cover.
Then again, like I said before, I take you back to Quake and stuff like that, and back
to my days, like of course being a rogue, just going around and pretty much popping
up behind people and killing them.
I liked it, personally.
I thought it was a lot of fun, the graphics were very cool to look at, it was very updated.
The only thing that I got a problem with any of these games now is, they're always talking
about making the next one, it's like how they're going to one-up what you did, seriously.
I remember playing games and getting used to, say for example, Mario, going from Mario
World to Mario 64 and seeing the graphics change, and seeing the process of evolution
constantly going through, it's like, what's going to be, how far is it going to be from
now on before they hit that brick wall, so to speak, before they can't go any further
than they do?
We've been saying that ever since the Atari 2600.
How are they going to make these games even more realistic?
And you know, we've always joked on Orange Launch Radio, everything is getting one step
closer to the holodeck.
Look, we now have games in 3D!
I mean, it's, the holodeck will be here in 20 years, baby!
Get ready for it!
You already have holograms!
Besides, it's about being a wheelchair to holodeck, I don't want to be so old in the
beginning, you're hardly new, but they'll be kind of interesting to see on the last
day or so.
Hey, if I can get in the holodeck in my wheelchair, I'm there!
Well, Keith, the reason too is, because I know this is going to take a lot of people
a shot, and I know because last week I called into Bobby's show and I was talking about
Skyrim, and unfortunately because of the situation which you and Jamie are familiar with with
my roommate, and I'm going to read all that on the show.
Personal drama.
We'll just say personal drama.
Well, long story short, I got fucked over $1500 from my ex-roommate, bottom line.
And that caused a lot of problems for me getting in, and unfortunately I was really looking
forward to Skyrim, I had it pre-ordered, I had a lot of money down on it, and unfortunately
I just can't go to the last minute because of other priorities.
So because of that, instead I went to Redbox, tried running like I could, unfortunately
I still wanted to play something a little more new, and of course Skyrim, I forgot I
was being stupid, I go there on a Thursday, I'm like, okay, I'm going to go get Skyrim,
not thinking that it came out the following day, and because of that I decided to get
Modern Warfare 3, Modern Warfare 3 was the closest one around the corner, so I got that
instead.
Which was a little disappointed by anyone, because I was very blown away by it.
Well you'll get to play Skyrim eventually, and you know, personal life stuff's more important,
and unfortunately that whole situation's kind of crappy, but you'll get through it.
So yeah, I will, and you know, I was very patient, I was the same way with Fallout,
and though I really was kind of pissed at, when I did buy it, it was like two weeks later
ago, they now sold Game of the Year edition, but then it was, they had all the DLC out,
so.
Yeah, I didn't play Fallout until I got that Game of the Year edition, like, used, so,
you know, it was a long time.
Alright, well X-Link, we ought to let you go, buddy, to get more calls.
But thanks so much for calling in and telling us about Modern Warfare, take care, buddy.
Oh, anytime.
Anytime.
Anytime.
Bye bye.
Later.
1877 Game OLR, or I use your name on Skype as Orange Lounge Radio.
He made Modern Warfare sound, basically it's pretty, you're oogling the prettiness, and
then you shoot bad guys in the face.
Going to more tweets, twitter.com slash orange lounge, or excuse me, twitter.com slash OLR.
We have a couple links from Tiger Claw.
Oh yeah, the trailer, he linked us to the trailer for the Phoenix Wright live action
movie.
Did you guys see this?
There's actually a trailer out there on the interwebs for the, it's pretty cool, yeah,
it's hilarious.
Yeah, I think I saw some of this.
I will totally watch this, and they've even got the guy's hairs, alright.
My favorite is, it's totally accurate.
I love that they have the style from the games.
I will totally watch it, that's going to be like 20 kinds of awesome.
Oh, she's even wearing the thingy.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's your one and only local convention whore, DJ Ron Ma S.
Hey Ron Ma, what convention did you go to this time?
Last weekend I found myself in the midwest at Yomacon.
In the midwest?
Yes.
You poor thing, how'd you end up there?
Um, friends out there, and a girlfriend, what can I say?
Oh, I see, you did it for pussy, it's alright.
Alright.
Oh!
Wait!
Rob, let me ask you something.
What have you done for ass, okay?
Okay?
No comment, alright.
Alright then!
You're just as bad as a whore as me, okay?
Hey, wait, no, no, no, I'm settled down now.
Those days are long behind me.
Same here.
Alright, so anyhow, how was the con that you went to?
It was fun.
I mean, the best part is, is you look across the waterfront, you see Canada.
Nice.
You're like, oh, better places, alright.
I didn't call to talk about the con, but there are two things I want to discuss, so I'll
be on my merry little way.
Okay.
Number one, that story about Skyrim you read earlier?
Yeah.
I don't recall bullshit.
Oh, the 13-year-old getting the game at midnight and so forth?
If that was me, my mother would have tanned my hide and I'd be hanging from a tree right
now.
But it's different from when you and I were growing up, Rama, the same way.
My mother, oh my god, she would have lost her shit.
She would have lost her shit, although she had me, she had such fear instilled in me
that she had me convinced that there were like rabid dogs waiting outside to chew my
face off if I ever tried to sneak out of the house.
I mean, you know, she slept with one eye open.
True.
But on the same token though, I mean, being in the schools for about a year, I don't really
see these 12 and 13-year-olds being at a GameStop or at a Best Buy at midnight by themselves.
If they're with friends picking up the game, that's believable.
But by yourself on a bike, I don't see that.
I'm going to go ask Dan how many 13-year-olds showed up at his midnight releases.
I'll be right back.
Dark Soccer's for an M-rated game.
All right, you know, what was the other thing you wanted to mention?
I wanted to pick at Loki for a comment he said last week.
Okay.
Loki has to pay for something he said last week.
What's that?
His comment about Skylanders.
Okay.
I mean, I understand where he's coming from about how silly the game is, how kids want
their parents to get that game.
Don't divulge too much information.
I understand where he's coming from with that, but on the same token, we were young.
We were kids.
We did the same thing to our parents, so I don't, I mean, he's going to be doing the
same thing in a few years when his son wants a silly game like that, and he's going to
be like, here you go, son.
So I asked Dan how many 13-year-olds he saw at midnight releases for M-rated games, and
the reply was, a few.
Okay.
Wow.
Okay.
With their parents or no?
Do we find that out, do you think, without?
And no, I won't be doing that for my son, because I'm not going to buy him stupid shit
like that.
All the games have to pass the dad test.
Hell no.
He won't be playing crappy games like Skylanders, please.
But I mean, if he plays the demo and he likes it, I mean, if that's what he wants for Christmas-
How's he going to play a demo for a game that requires some stupid portal of power for some
crappy-
Then he's grounded.
Say for example, because my girlfriend's kid, he wants it, so she's getting it for him.
I have to hear what Loki had to say about it, I was like, well, if that's what he wants,
that's what he wants.
He'll learn better if it's a good game or not.
I have no problem if he wants to play, you know, like a Connectamals or something like
that.
That's a regular game, may not be something that I'm necessarily looking for.
But a game that promotes the whoring out of children to buy, you know, crappy toys, which
by the way, they keep putting out more toys, because they're going to just add patches
to the game so that more toys are compatible with it.
And so yeah, it's basically just getting kids to beg their parents to buy them toys.
And you know what?
Parents are dumb enough to buy them their toys, and Activision deserves the money that
they're getting from them.
But I'm smart enough to go, no, it's a toy that doesn't do anything, how about I buy
you a cooler toy instead?
And he'll be like, okay.
You know what my rule is?
No TV until you're five.
I'm serious.
I'm dead serious.
Try having a kid, that's not gonna happen.
I know plenty of parents who have been completely successful with not having their kids.
You're gonna run out of things to do with them.
That's okay.
I would rather them not have, you know, be psychologically dependent on TV.
They're not dependent on it, but sometimes TV helps.
And I don't want to be, I don't care.
Anyway.
That doesn't matter to me.
None of that matters to me.
Let me get back to the caller.
So Rama, you're giving into the Skylanders stuff for the sake of this kid who just wants
it.
So Rama, did you buy one of the Tony Hawk ride boards?
Because it was a cool little peripheral that they had for Tony Hawk, and then you like
supporting Activision, so did you buy one of those?
Does it look like I have $80?
Oh, well, then why should we be supporting this kind of bullshit?
Well, then again, it's not my money, but like I said, if he really wanted it, I'm gonna
be like, fine, you can have this, but I'd be damned if you're getting the rest of them.
If you want the rest of them, you could miss your friends to get different ones that you
guys trade off.
But daddy, I want a golden goose now!
But daddy, I want the goose that lays the golden eggs now!
If you start talking that type of attitude, I will take my belt off right there in Toys
R Us.
Oh, and I will go to town on him.
You best believe that.
He can have the game when it gets into the bargain bin like March, because that's pretty
much when it's gonna die out.
Alright.
Alright, Rama, I gotta let you go to get more calls, but thank you for the lively discussion.
And one thing, Loki, I want you to know, I've taken notes on some of this, so I know what
to look forward to when my time comes.
Oh no, he's taken notes!
I'm shaaaaken!
No, I mean it in a good way, dude.
He means, he means, I think he means for when he has his bebe.
Yes.
Alright.
Alright, have a good one, Rama.
You too.
Later.
See, Loki took that to mean, like, taking notes, like, I'm writing down everything you
say.
Tigerclaw sends us another tweet, uh, 1-877-GAMEL-LR, username on skype is orange-sawns-radio if
you wanna call us.
Uh, Tigerclaw sends us another tweet, apparently, uh, Battlefield Ban Hammer going out left
and right.
EA has, I guess, doled out hundreds of bannings in Battlefield 3 and they say they will hand
out more.
If they wanna boost XP and so forth, they're gonna ban more and more and more.
Um, they've said on Twitter, we banned hundreds of hackers this week alone and we're determined
to punish the players who play without integrity.
Well, hold on, hold on.
Alright.
Hackers.
They're calling them hackers.
They used the glitch that was in the game because Battlefield 3 wasn't properly tested.
So perhaps a better term would have been the exploiters.
Sure, whatever.
It's a part of the game.
If it's a glitch that you leave in your game, then you should not be punishing these guys.
Here's the rest of a comment.
A patch is just around the corner and we will continue to ban cheaters.
We take it seriously.
That is our attitude here at Battlefield.
We have zero tolerance for cheating players and are banning more all of the time.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
Hello.
This is Amiga777.
Hello, Amiga777.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, um, I know there's been a lot of talk lately about the PSN hacks, the Xbox Live
hacks, and all that type of stuff.
Yep, hackers gonna hack.
So I guess one other thing to add to that is I guess that's recently some Facebook hackings.
Facebook hackings going on.
What's going on on Facebook?
Well, um, about, what's that, today, um, I found out about some, uh, thing that was going
on.
There was a, uh, a link from someone in chat and, uh, I guess it was something about, you
know, like a gross video that nobody has ever really gone past it for 15 seconds.
Oh, I've kind of, I've kind of seen similar things before.
Like it says like, uh, like I got a Twitter spam like this one.
Somebody tweeted me and it said, Oh my God, they're talking shit about you on this blog.
Click here to read it.
And I, of course I had that skeptical side eye look at it, but it sounds like, like Facebook's
getting something of the equivalent of that.
Like you watch this video.
It's really gross.
It'll usually be something like in the UK.
I had one of those one time that click, it was like, here's a video of something blah,
blah, blah.
And you click on it.
And then I realized immediately what it was and I saw that it posted something to my board.
So I blocked it and then I deleted the post and that was it.
But some people, not everybody's so fast on the, yeah, because if, if you, it posts it
to yours and then your friend will see that and they'll, they'll post it and then so on
so forth.
So what happened to me?
Go, did you, did you accidentally fall for this?
Unfortunately, yes, I, you know, probably these instructions is like a three of them.
Um, not really knowing exactly what was in store, you know, putting this, uh, here's
my question.
What, what, what were they advertising in the video that made you want to click it?
Was it like, see big boobies now click on this link?
I said it was this really, uh, like nasty video that they were saying, um, it had like
this image of the back of this person's neck with this really large, you know, nasty zit
on the back or something like that.
Gross.
So yeah, you just, oh, you just, you're, you're into like gross stuff.
Mine was a celebrity sex tape, so of course, you know, just tried to check it out and then,
uh, you know, and then that, and then it asked me to do this little survey thing and I was
like, I don't want to do a survey and I didn't sign out of that.
I want to see the gross things on people's necks.
I don't want to see a survey.
I want the boobies.
I have Shermie.
I already see gross, gross shit, literally.
So moral of the story, watch what you click on on Facebook because some of that stuff
is like apps and who knows what.
Yeah.
Right.
And then the kicker after that, um, was it like a few seconds later, a few of my friends
from Ted is like, um, why are you linking me with this, um, you know, a testament?
I just found out that, you know, um, this, uh, this thing after I, I just did whatever
it told me it ended up, uh, spreading the, uh, attachment, uh, message across all my
other friends.
And so I hated that.
And so I ended up just saying, you know what, again, I'm just gonna, uh, close up my Facebook
account and whatnot and, uh, change my password and that type of stuff.
That's probably for the best.
If you get hacked like that, you definitely want to close it up and delete all the crap
and, uh, change your password as soon as you can.
So some good tips for the listeners of Orange Lawns Radio.
Be careful what you click on.
So all right.
Stick, stick to the port site, you know?
Okay.
All right.
Amiga77, we're gonna let you go buddy so we can get another call.
Take care.
Okay.
All right.
Bye.
Be careful what you click on and see Microsoft would have you believe that that's how your
Xbox is getting hacked, but we'll see.
All right.
We got another call on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, wait a minute.
I got a lag going on here.
One second.
Okay.
We'll wait.
It's cool.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
I had the show running while I was waiting for you to pick up.
All right.
Okay.
Who's this?
This is, uh, Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I'm just calling to cover a few things.
First off, I want to say thanks for my prize.
I finally got it.
I know we were kind of late in sending it, but yeah, we got it.
Don't even worry about that.
I was just calling to say thanks.
I mean, I wasn't gonna rub it in or say, you know, you took forever or anything like that.
We took until we finally got another eBay shipment out where we, we just sent it along
with the eBay stuff.
So yeah, you can kind of thank Salacious Pop for getting on me with that.
So are you enjoying your Chinese pirate version of, of, uh, uh, what, what, oh, Child of Eden.
It's Child of Eden, but not really, it was, um, uh, Assassin's Creed.
I know, but we bought Child of Eden and that's what we got.
And the funny thing was, uh, one of you put on the back of it, uh, your mom and let's
open the package.
Do you remember when, when I got that fake, uh, it was Assassin's Creed.
No, I didn't hear what he said.
Oh, he is.
One of you signed it, your mom and my mom opened the package.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah.
But, um, uh, another thing I want to get to is, uh, you mentioned earlier, um, I'm not
an Xbox fan boy.
I'm just a gamer.
I love all the systems.
Uh, you mentioned before that, uh, you couldn't get your, you couldn't remove your credit
card from Xbox live.
Yeah.
Uh, you can actually do it.
You just have to call in and have them remove it.
I just, I, I, I just hate that I have to do that.
Like I hate that they're allowed to make it so easy to give it to them and then it's not
as easy to take it away.
I mean, I get the business side of it and everything, but just after everything I've
been through with that company, it's, it's, it's like, I'm almost insulted that they would
like make me go through that after, you know, getting hacked and all that stuff.
But you know, yeah, that's probably what I'll end up doing is I'll call them and get it
taken off that way.
But it just, I guess my point is at the end of the day, it just sucks that I have to do
that.
Why can't I take it off the account as easy as I was able to put it on the account?
Yeah.
The other, the other weird thing about it is if you do want to like remove it, like,
you know, like, uh, midway through your, um, you know, through your billing cycle, they,
uh, they tell you that you'll lose your Xbox live.
Like you can have the car removed, but you'll lose whatever that amount of weeks or amount
of days that you have left on goal.
And my opinion, that's kind of bullshit too.
Like that's a real problem I have with it.
So you're not really getting the card off your account.
You're telling them that you want to cancel and they're going to cancel you because you
don't want to keep a credit card on file with them.
And you already paid for it at the beginning of the year when there's proof that that credit
card information is being exploited and they just don't want to admit it.
That pisses me off.
It's crazy.
That's what I'm going through now.
I had to, uh, I spoke with someone and they had to, they all, you also have to call them
to have the automatic renewal removed.
So I call to say that I wanted the renewal removed.
And when my subscription is up, I want, uh, you know, I want the card removed and then
I'll just pay through whatever that is.
Now supposedly the automatic renewal is all, you're able to do that on the website because
that was part of the big upgrades they did this week that Jamie was talking about earlier
is that, you know, you can turn that automatic renewal off and I did see that switch.
So that has changed recently as in like the past week, week and a half.
But as far as the credit cards go, I went in there and I saw a place where you could
click remove to remove the credit card.
But when I tried to do that, it said, Oh, you can't do that because you're using that
card to pay for your one month of Xbox live that you used a card for.
Not a credit card, but like a, a over the counter card.
I was like, what?
So two other quick things and then I'll let you get to some more calls.
Um, the, the saints row, when I mentioned, uh, was it a, did they improve from saints
row too?
Uh, the thing I was talking about with the camera was I remember in saints row too, um,
they didn't have a, you know, like a GTA four, you have like three different, uh, I think
camera angles you can do.
You can be like up close, you could be like midway and then like really far back saints
row too.
Didn't have any of that.
It was like your character was always in the way of your, um, your little, uh, your little
rectical thing.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that really killed it for me because I couldn't see what I was shooting at and especially
a multiplayer.
I know they don't have multiplayer anymore, but it was really hard to, uh, play multiplayer
when your character is like so blown up in front of you like that.
I had difficulty.
I never really had that problem, but I mean, I don't know.
Um, yeah, I don't think they have, uh, any sort of way you can adjust.
I think your camera, you might be able to adjust your camera distance.
Um, I'm trying to look here real quick, uh, vehicle camera stamp instant.
Yeah.
I don't know if they have a way to adjust the camera.
Uh, well, here we go.
Here's, uh, no, I don't see a way to adjust the camera.
Oh no, there is, I guess the, you know, you can manually adjust it, but, um, yeah, I will
find it, you know, as really a problem being in the way cause you do have the Amy rectangle
on the screen.
So, uh, yeah, you can see where you're shooting at.
And you know, do you remember playing Saints Row 2?
Like how long ago was it?
Cause I mean, I haven't played it.
I got that game.
I'm not even kidding.
Um, I got Saints Row 2 the first day it came out and I maybe played it for two weeks and
I haven't played it since, since the original year that came out.
That the driving in the, in that closeup camera just really screwed the game up for me.
I never really had trouble with the camera at all, I don't remember the driving being
too bad.
I mean, um, I played that game to almost 100% and I played Saints Row 1 all the way to 100%.
Um, I just, and that's including the three DLCs for the second game as well.
But um, yeah, I don't remember it being a problem.
I don't know, this one doesn't seem to be a problem so far and I'm about 40% through?
Yeah, I'm still, yeah, I'm still gonna get three just with everything it has in it.
But um, just curious about that and that's it.
Plus I can only take screenshots in the game, which is pretty awesome.
You can upload them to the saintsrow.com site.
I really wish I did that when I saw Professor Genki shooting rockets at pedestrians and
I was like, whoa, what's that?
That's different.
Yeah, and I'm not, I'm not going to miss multiplayer in this one.
This is like the one game that I'm like, the one game that they removed multiplayer where
I'm like, I have no problem with that cause that multiplayer, I have to, I hate to admit
it was, it was terrible for me.
It could have been better.
They could have fixed it.
All right.
That's it.
I've been playing Skyrim.
It's a great game.
We all know that.
Yep.
Anyone who hasn't picked it up, pick it up.
I'm freaking loving it.
It's a good time.
And you guys have a nice night.
All right.
Thanks again for the prize.
Hey, no problem.
Enjoy your bootleg copy.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
Good calls tonight.
Thanks you guys.
To those that didn't get through, I'm very sorry, but did you catch the part where we
said we had no emails this week?
No, one, we had one that came in right before the show.
So you should write down your thoughts and we'll read them next week.
Mailbag at orangeontraday.com or you can tweet us at twitter.com slash O L R. All right.
In the meantime, I need to finish up just a couple of tweets here that we had, um, dark
Tetsuya tweeted us and said, so the DDR freak thing is still sort of happening in Milpitas
road trip.
Oh yeah.
I heard about that.
I got a Facebook invite for that today.
Uh, maybe.
I don't know.
It's kind of one of those.
We have a show.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Um, I'd like to go, but it just might be too last minute for me.
I got something else going on next week into, uh, act deaf to last tweet tonight, sequence
that rhythm RPG game for cheap.
If enough users subscribe to the page game getter, uh, getter dot G forums.net.
I guess, uh, I guess if so many people subscribe to this page, you can get the game even cheaper.
Interesting.
Interesting way to do it.
But it's not, Oh yeah.
No, you get a steam code for it.
That's pretty cool.
I see it's a getter dot G dash forums.net.
It's a look at the tweets to OLR.
Cause right now the game usually costs five bucks and right now it's down to three bucks
because 101 people have subscribed, but what are you subscribing to?
I've got to be careful.
Hopefully you're not subscribing to spam.
All right.
So that does it for tweets tonight.
Uh, let me go around quickly and see if there's any last minute stories.
I think we'd covered everything, but I'll check with Loki real quick.
Loki, any last minute stories tonight?
Oh yeah.
I was going to talk a few things.
Um, of course, St. Siro, um, and it just happened.
These are some of the stories we just didn't talk about.
Uh, the initiation station had a hundred, 1 million characters upload to it.
So it's pretty awesome.
That's one of the cool things about the games.
You can actually download characters that people make, including, uh, itagaki is one
of the characters that you can download.
Nice.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, and my character, cause I put it up there so you can search for orange lounge, uh, and
then of course, uh, the season pass, the first season pass has been announced and this includes
the DLC release.
The first three DLCs that are going to be coming out.
And uh, you know, if you ordered this game off of THQ, uh, their store, you actually
got it free.
Um, and in the season pass, we'll save you 15% off of buying the DLC, uh, separately.
And so what it includes is, uh, Genki bowl seven, which is supposed to be coming out
in January.
And the description is the wild world of Genki takes over steel port in a sporting tradition.
Totally under totally and utterly unlike anything else.
Uh, and this is why I was laughing before gangsters in space is the second, uh, DLC
the coming winter, 2012, the saints go intergalactic in the science fiction misadventure.
And then the last one is the trouble with clones.
And that's coming spring at 2012 and says a copycat killing at its finest.
And also it includes the night blade DLC, which includes, uh, and night blade is one
of the fictional, like, you know, uh, blade characters in it.
And um, the night blade mobile, which is a motor or a car, altar boy outfit, bloody,
uh, Kenanis outfit and the bloody Kenanis bike.
And those are, um, you know, through the season pass, you'll get that stuff, which I believe
is 20 bucks.
And then, uh, of course, uh, we talked a little bit about, uh, some cool streaming of, uh,
game demos on YouTube.
And of course now there's one for, uh, dead rising to naked stream three year web browser
using, uh, Gaikai and, uh, I don't believe it's on YouTube, but, uh, let's see here.
Capcom unity had a link to it and I believe it's actually, uh, yeah, it's on through Gaikai.com.
So you go there, you can check it out.
It's a 30 minute demo.
That's pretty awesome.
Wow.
That's a, that's that same site that had the, um, uh, FIFA demo that we talked about a couple
of weeks ago.
Yeah.
Nice.
Very cool.
All right.
Excuse me.
Is that it for the stories?
All right.
I'm looking at these leaked, uh, leaked costumes.
Yeah.
I saw that from hit stun.
It had posted a link in chat for the, uh, ultimate Marvel versus Capcom three download
costumes.
Yeah.
There's like a weapon X Wolverine.
Nice.
That's pretty cool.
Um, one of a beautiful Joe out of costume.
I'm so glad now in retrospect that we didn't buy Marvel versus Capcom three now that there's
the ultimate one that's coming up.
I bought it, but you know, I'm cool.
Oh, there's one of what's her face.
Um, the other chick from devil may cry with the white hair.
Nice.
Very cool.
All right.
Well that's going to do it for another episode of orange.
Oh God.
The worst ever character.
Oh, um, there's one of iron Patriot who was a character that had during the whole civil
war thing.
And then, um, but this is actually pretty cool.
It's a clone Spidey, the Ben Riley Spidey.
All right.
We got to wrap it up.
We're going to close up shop and, uh, say good night for now until we see you next week.
But Hey, I want to thank you guys of course, for tuning into orange launch radio and listening
to our show.
You know, we are totally commercial free.
We're independent.
All we ask if you enjoyed, would you like here at orange launch radio or what you heard
here at orange launch radio, please help us spread the word, help the OL army grow.
Tell a friend or two about the show, you know, because we can't afford advertising and magazines
or whatever.
We really rely on word of mouth pimp us out on Facebook, Twitter, and now Google plus
we really appreciate all of the support, uh, for the show.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Now.
Um, Loki, we'll start with you.
Your final thought tonight.
Definitely more Saints row, dark soccer.
Your final thought tonight.
One of these other costumes, Rob is rock band.
Nice.
And uh, my final thought tonight is, um, so many games coming out that I can't buy them
all or I wouldn't like get to go on any more trips to Disneyland.
And it's like, I'm having a way Disneyland games, Disneyland games.
I need to go.
I need to Disneyland again.
I just do.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show and listening to us tonight.
We really appreciate it.
Have a great week.
We will be back here next week to do it all again, live at all games radio.
Thanks to them for helping to make it happen until then be safe.
Don't be a Dick.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio, orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games.com but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
