Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week Google clarifies that Stadia's Pro subscription gives you an ever-growing library of games, a direct comparison to Xbox Live Gold, PlayStation Plus, and Nintendo Switch Online.
The more things change, the more things stay the same, just like this episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live once again tonight with episode number 785 for this July the 21st of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts joining you here in our lovely studio N7 based in Sacramento, California and with me as always for the past 785 weeks.
Give or take. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup.
Not on camera tonight because she doesn't want to be.
Well I can be on camera. I've got very nice makeup today although I am, well I'll just go ahead and say I'm fighting off what may possibly be a staph infection on my face.
Yikes.
Because I punch too many people in blood splatter, you know, it carries pathogens and, you know, either that or I have the flesh eating bacteria, you know.
Well I hope it's not that. I hope you didn't bring that into my house.
No.
Give it to my cat.
I didn't.
Alright.
I washed my hands before I, you know, harassed your cat against his will.
Good, good. I'm glad you are exercising good hygiene.
Hi.
We'll talk, there you go. I love it when you say hello to the listeners there.
Also I'm going to have different hair coming Thursday.
Good. Because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of the Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And although I gave you the main website there, vognetwork.com.
It's just going to take you over to our Twitch channel which of course is twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
So there it is.
And of course who you do see on camera, Techmaster Loki right over there.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
I heard you did laser tag the sequel today.
Yes.
More laser. I actually saw the laser tag place.
I was out over there. Oh God, I was, okay, this is funny.
I was with my Ingress buddies.
Yeah.
But we weren't playing Ingress, we were playing Harry Potter, Wizards Unite.
And we were over there at the little restaurant that's like right across the street.
And we saw the laser. Oh, that's the place Loki's talking about.
Yes.
Yeah. So it looks, it does look new. It looks fancy and new.
And it is funny because there's, um, the packs in there, instead of having like numbers and colors to remember, they have names to them.
And so all the names are like, you know, like just generic call sign names, but one of them is Loki that I found out.
So I was like, I'm picking that one.
And then that one ended up sucking. So then I just picked a different one the next time, but I got the one game as Loki.
That's funny.
How do you feel that you're getting a new Marvel TV series named after you?
I don't know if you heard the name.
Oh yeah, I'm totally down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wish you'd pick a damn font.
Now all of them.
Wait, wait, wait.
Dark soccer is the one that actually like went to school to do design.
Did you see the logo for the new Loki show?
Cause you know, they're doing a new Loki show, Marvel show.
Yeah, I saw it.
I, it makes sense actually, because when you have a character who is a shape shifter and takes different aspects.
Why do you have to bring logic and reason into this?
It is a legitimately good design choice.
Why can't you be hateful like the rest of us on the internet?
Comic Sans is shit.
Papyrus is shit.
Okay.
And if you use them, you should be ashamed.
Unless you're dyslexic.
Cause actually Comic Sans is good for dyslexic people.
Okay.
Okay.
I learned something today.
The more you know.
Although I always, every time there's this font out there called Comic Papyrus and it always makes me think of dark soccer.
I'm always like, what mug am I going to make?
There is one I downloaded on purpose that was absolutely hilarious called Comic Slab.
You know what a slab serif is?
Like it's the Western font with the big thick.
Oh, like a wanted poster or something?
Kind of. Yeah.
Those are, those are called slab serifs.
Okay.
And so there's someone made one called Comic Slab.
It is fucking hilarious.
You know, uh, Bobby and I have been chatting about trying to make sure the merchandise stuff starts happening before we get out to Dragon Con.
Hope I'm not saying too much.
Oops.
But I do think it would be hilarious to get a vog network mug that's, or something, something maybe about like dark soccer, but it's actually written in Comic Papyrus.
Something like that.
Who do I have to murder?
Only her name. All the other ones.
Yeah. Oh yeah. That'd be like, like I could have like a pretty Rob Roberts mug.
Y'all are going to be Helvetica. Boring as shit. And I get to be extra.
But, but versatile. And you will get to be Papyrus.
I'm going to cut a bitch.
All right. Anyway.
Uh, we're here to talk over the next, uh.
About fonts. It's all font talk tonight.
Isn't that fun? Fun and Fonzie free.
Um, anyway, we're going to actually talk about video games for a little while.
So tonight's going to be a little different. It's actually a shorter show tonight.
We have planned, usually we do like two and a half, three hours.
I am going to be honest. Tonight is going to be a little bit shorter.
So here's why. Here's what happened.
Um, I got like kind of very short notice on Monday at my day job that they need me to go on a trip, uh, tomorrow.
So I am going to be going out to Chicago, uh, which is funny because I go there for personal stuff.
Cause Alan and I have friends out there, but just ironic, uh, work has an affiliated group out there too.
So I'm going to be heading out to Chicago, uh, for that and, uh, working.
So I'll be there Monday through Friday, but because of that, I have a seven 30 flight in the morning,
which means I have to be at the airport on a Monday morning at five.
So you see why we have to end the show a little earlier than we usually do tonight.
Cause, uh, I got to get up at like four 30 tomorrow.
And of course I still have to finish packing cause you know, that's a thing too.
So anyway, hopefully y'all understand, but, uh, you know, I'm looking forward to, uh, the trip, but it's just, you know, uh, so much other stuff going on.
So, and I'm trying to get some game playing done in there, but we'll talk a little bit about that as we start off.
How was your gaming week? We like to talk a little bit about the types of games that we've been playing this week.
So Darzagra, how was your gaming week?
Also for the sake of the chat room, I posted a link to my mentor, Steve Mahalo's blog.
Didn't we have him on the show once? Yeah, we did. We did, um, the Flom game. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that.
Um, so anyway, I posted, uh, that, but if you look up mahalo.com and then look up comic slab, you'll find the article about it.
Um, so I downloaded a game that I didn't get a chance to play, but I will be talking hopefully about it later in the show.
Let me check the show roll. Um, yeah, I will be talking about it later in the show, so I won't say anything yet.
Um, I've been playing Pokemon go. I've been playing Harry Potter. I've been, I'm still playing idle pouring, but now it's out of spite.
So I'm hate playing it. Um, and not really a whole bunch else.
Like Dan and I have been like obsessed with watching, uh, just, uh, uh, live streams of pinball lately.
So, um, the new, the star Wars home edition got released and we were watching a dead flip, uh, that guy play it.
His last name is danger and I don't remember his first name. Um, he's a cool dude though. Um, but we were watching him play it.
People are giving all kinds of crap for it. You know, Oh, it's a home version. It's missing all the stuff. The screen is small.
I'm like, dude, for what you get for the money, if you've got four grand to drop, it's not bad for a starter table for a home for something brand new.
Just saying. Um, but at any rate, um, and I played a little bit of theater magic and I played a little bit of twilight zone.
I've mostly been in pinball mode. So ever since I was a young girl, I played the silver ball.
There's nothing wrong with being in pinball mode. A friend came over today though.
And it was the first time she'd ever in person seen a pinball table. I'm like, how she's like, wow.
I was like, here, you want to play? She's like, I don't want to break it. Friend never get taken to like a Chuck E Cheese or a pizza.
That's what she said today. Wow. I'm like, you can play if you want to all break it.
I'm like, you should see the way these guys play it. Use them. Shake the table. Yeah. The fine art of not tilting.
So anyway, um, so yeah. Has anyone out there in chat ever like not seen a pinball table?
Like now I'm fascinated by this concept of like, it's okay. I'm not asking to make fun of you.
I just, I'm so curious. Uh, and of course we do tape live over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
And that's where you can join our chat room if you want to give feedback on the show or what have you.
And Bobby Blackwell says, even I don't like shaking pinball tables. Yeah, I don't, I don't like to do it too, but I'm more afraid of the tilt.
I slap them. That's the most I'll do. I'll slap them. Well, I have this picture saved and I'll put it up first.
You can see it, but I, I took a picture of the, of the almost tilt, like the danger for black night, um, sort of rage.
And it's really cool cause it's the night looking thing. It says danger. It was really cool. Um, but one last point about pinball, one little point.
Did you know that apparently, and I need someone in the UK to tell me this for sure, but apparently pinball table is the preferred way to refer to it instead of pinball machine.
But also, and I'm sure as Bobby can attest, a lot of us in the South or from the South called a pinball table too.
I've heard both. I didn't really, it's not, it's not like a pop and soda thing. Like I will not call it pop. In the South it's a coke.
And it's pronounced coke. Pop sounds like it's bubble gum. I hate that. That's like, that's like how some people really have an aversion to the word.
Bobby says the pinball coke, the pinball coke, the Coca Cola pinball. But at any, at any rate, um, you know, one of Dan's friends asked him if I was from Europe because I said pinball table.
Oh, interesting. Yeah. I'm like, no, but I'll move there because this country's kind of shit right now. Right. So anyway, anyway, I'm done.
All right. Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week? Um, I didn't play a whole lot. I just played or I worked a little bit on my game actually, um, coding it and stuff, but they get a whole ton done.
Cause I was, I've been pretty exhausted this week. I started like a new, this like exercise challenge thing at work.
So we've been doing these like high intensity, like you were talking about this because you had that whole bacon pizza the other week and you were like, it's my last meal to gain a bunch of weight that I can lose really fast on the work challenge.
Yes, exactly. So you were gaming the system already. Exactly. So, um, sort of, I'm down six pounds from when I ate that pizza.
So, but that's all like waterway. It goes up and down all the time, but I haven't exercised more. So I have been playing a little bit of Pokemon go.
Um, I can't find my charger for my gotcha. It's somewhere amongst my desk of junk right now. Um, so I haven't been playing too much Pokemon go, but a little bit.
And now that I've been walking and actually starting to run a little bit, which I hate running, but I do it anyways. Um, so I've been playing a little bit of that.
And what else? That's pretty much it. I was going, I was interested in picking up Marvel ultimate alliance three this weekend.
Um, but I was a GameStop and then they're like, well, we don't have when you can buy a digital copy from us. I'm like, why the fuck would I do that when I could just buy a digital copy through the switch?
I don't know what, why I would do that, sir. Help us be relevant still, please, sir. Like, well, you're not going to be a five because there's only two locations that have it nearby.
I'm like, there's like other stores, stupid. I mean like, I don't know. It's just silly, but I had to like look around because my son likes to spend like 40 minutes and they're playing the stupid demo for like the crash remaster or the Spyro remaster games.
I'm like, you know, we can just pick these up at home or like he's playing Zelda. I'm like, we have the full game at home. Why are you playing the demo?
But he likes doing that. So, um, I was looking to pick it up, but I ended up not doing that. So, um, I didn't play a whole lot.
By the time I got to actually play Mario Maker 2, my kids wanted to take the switch away from me again. Plus, as we'll get into it later, the controllers are all jacked up and I was blaming them for it because, you know, they don't take care of electronics, but I'm starting to wonder if it's not their fault.
It may not be.
All right. Well, we'll get into that in a minute then, but first a little bit on my gaming week, although sadly mine hasn't been quite as exciting either because Final Fantasy 14.
I mean, that has just been my game of choice. So when I am gaming, I'm still trying to make my way through the story there.
And I think I'm up to like level 76 in the story quest. So I think I'm about halfway done with the expansion and I am still really enjoying it.
But you know, there's a lot else for me to share with you that I haven't shared on a previous episode, but I am still making my way in Final Fantasy 14.
Survivor, fakie survivor online, still going. I'm still in it, y'all. Believe it or not, we're down to how many people are left?
13 out of 2022 started and 13 are in it and your boy's one of them. So I'm really, I'm pumped about that.
Although, yeah, I can't say too much about strategic or things like that, but all I can say is like there was a swap that happened just a little bit ago.
And okay, you guys will get a kick out of this. So do you guys want to know what they do for like challenges?
Yeah.
These types of games? Okay. So we had to sign on on Thursday night and into a Google Hangout and they didn't tell us what the challenge was going to be.
But they said it would be very helpful for you to know about these topics in advance. You need to know about Calvin Coolidge, Spandex, the album Melodrama by Lorde, the Animorphs and like all this stuff.
So we put together this spreadsheet of just like helpful information and articles and things like that because we thought it might be a trivia contest or something, or we thought it might be something where like you have to talk about that subject and improvise it for like a certain period of time.
And if you can't do it, you're out type of thing. And sure enough, we get on the call and they say, okay, in 10 minutes, we are starting the filibuster challenge.
You will have to talk about these topics as a tribe as long as you possibly can. When you are talking, you must have two hands up in the air so that we know you aren't just looking at more information to keep reading and your time begins in 10 minutes.
And so we, you know, we start opening up as many of the fact articles that we can as we get through. And sure enough, here's, here's the crazy part. So one of the topics was squash.
And so we were like, well, does that mean squash the vegetable or you want us to talk about squash the game?
Or squash is also a drink.
Right. And squash is also like a verb, right? So they said, as long as you are talking about squash, it counts. And we were like, oh, so our tribe spent on one, on milk.
We spent two hours talking about fucking milk.
Did you talk about Harvey Milk too?
You bet your ass I talked about Harvey Milk and I talked about Milk the Drag Queen from season six of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Did the topic of Milk Money, the movie come up?
No, no, but somebody talked about Milk Money by Fergie.
And that was that because the video involved milk or something. And what I thought was pretty brilliant, too, is we had two coffee people that had worked in coffee places.
We had one Starbucks and one Dunkin Donuts. And so they both like talked for like probably easily 20, 30 minutes each about here's all the milk drinks on our menu.
And in this one, you get four pumps of milk. And in this one you get and it was just like frothing it on and on and on.
Yes. That sounds like fun, actually.
So, yeah, actually. And, you know, like the minute I heard the challenge in my head, I was like, we got this. We're going to fucking win this.
So their tribe on this, no, it was seven topics, I'm sorry, because there were seven people on each of them, but their tribe went for three and a half hours talking about seven topics.
Ours went for five hours and 20 minutes. And at the end of the call, so like you were allowed to leave the call, but it's like that's less people to banter with.
So the last two topics we had were the album Melodrama by Lorde. And it was just me and one guy on the call and then I had the Animorphs because we each chose like one we were going to talk about.
So the guy that was on the tribe that did Melodrama by Lorde just starts like reading all of the lyrics, you know.
I don't even remember the lyrics at this point, but it's like, I'm waiting for it. That green light. I want it.
He's just reading the lyrics, like really monotone. And then when the Animorphs came up, okay, this is something I learned.
There are 54 fucking books in the Animorphs series. So this is how it went for me.
I would like to talk to you now about the Animorphs. Book number one in the Animorphs series was called The Visitor.
And it was written by K.A. Applegate. And the barcode number if you want to look up this book on Amazon is ISBN 012.
I did that 54 times for each and every book. I talked a goddamn hour about this fucking book series I've never read in my life.
What if you read the book? Just read the book out loud.
Let me tell you, if there was ever hope that I was going to read that book, this challenge we did like fucking ruined it for me.
No man, just like as a strategy, just read the book.
Oh my God. I love it. Sia Tabiri in chat is like, did you mention all the Megamorphs and the Andalite Chronicles?
I fucking know what the Andalite Chronicles are now because of that fucking challenge. It's like, I actually get the joke.
It's like, ugh. But anyway, so we won. And that was, yeah, I know it's silly, but it was actually like, it's kind of one of those like, I can't believe I did that sort of like fun things.
So I don't know, like that's the fun. But yeah, so that's how I spent five hours on Thursday night talking about fucking milk and the Animorphs.
Anyway, SSG100Matt says, what the hell? Does this have a podcast or something? I feel as though it should have a Talking Dead style post-show.
I heard that they do like YouTube stuff that recap, like the people that are watching it have like YouTube stuff that they do, but obviously they don't share it with us.
We can't see it, but apparently at the end of the game, we'll be able to see it all and know like all the shit people were talking about us and who was liked and who wasn't liked and all that.
So it's interesting. So yeah.
I can't wait for the eight hours of all the filibuster stuff.
Well, yeah, I'm not going to, I mean, if they record, I think they did record it. If they recorded it, maybe Bobby will let me play it on VOG one Saturday.
I'd have to get permission from all around. That's not, that's not fair to everybody involved, but I bet they'd think it's funny. So I don't know. Anyway.
Should have them on the show.
Right. I should, I should get a bunch of these guys that play these things and do like these silly challenges, like live.
I've actually kind of talked about this, like doing like a game show night type of thing here with, with some of these people that sign up to do things for free. I think would be fun.
So anyway. All right. So I have one last little thing.
Yeah, please. I'm planning on doing not a web comic, but a web story where they're just little snippets of dialogue, kind of home stuckish, just without the pictures about a person who moves into a haunted house.
And the ghost is then exposed to modern culture and modern technology and starts a blog.
Would anyone read it?
No, nobody's going to read it. I'm sorry to say.
Well, I wasn't asking you.
Of course, people in chatter. You got to, you got to do the thing for people to read the thing. Remember that.
Well then.
That's what I tell, that's what I tell people who's tell me I want to do a podcast. I'm like, great, do a podcast because you got to do the podcast for people to hear the podcast.
Well, I'm just putting it out there. Um, so look for something, uh, in the next few weeks.
Sounds good. Um, as far as my gaming week goes, I mean, otherwise, uh, there's no, it's fine. There's not really a lot else for me to talk about.
I guess Pokemon go. I haven't played Pokemon go in a long time, but I was encouraged to check it out again this week because they did this quality of life update that has changed everything.
I didn't notice.
It's the appraisals. They totally changed the appraisals. So now when you go in, it actually, you don't have to use one of those third party apps to look at the numbers anymore.
As long as you know, like where 15 is on the bar and 14 and 13 you get a visual representation.
And so you can tell right there. And it also gives it stars. This is a zero star flop Pokemon. This is a one star, not so great Pokemon and so on and so on.
Um, up to four stars is a perfect Pokemon. Here's the best part. And this is like a game changer for me.
So somebody like me who is hoarding like 2000 Pokemon and haven't had a problem choosing which ones to get rid of.
Um, I can now just search zero star, like the asterisk, and it will show me, here are all your garbage Pokemon.
And I was like, great recycle, recycle, recycle, recycle.
Like as long as it wasn't something super rare.
I run a living Pokedex. So for me, not really so much. The only ones I care about, the ones I actually use a lot, like my riparian and all those.
Which, by the way, I got a shiny Mudkip today.
Oh, yeah, cause the community event is going like right now.
Yeah, there's like four in the house right now.
I should see if there's any shinies.
Um, gonna catch me some more Mudkips.
Just because I did not get a chance to play today.
I heard you like Mudkips.
And, uh, there's obviously like a lot of people that were not able to do it because we're having this huge heatwave in the US right now.
And I was seeing that on our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
It was nice today though.
Well, here in California, but like out in New York, Chicago, like the Northeast, it's like 100.
And in the South too. Mama was saying.
Yeah, it's really bad out there. So that's not fun for them right now. So I feel for them, I gotta say.
So, yeah, I'm actually shiny checking live on air. I only see two on the house, but neither are shiny for me.
Actually four. I'd like to get a second shiny to evolve it.
Ugh, oh well. Just my luck.
Yeah, and SG100Matt in our chat says, yeah, the zero star thing is key. Absolutely. I'm so freaking excited about that.
And then I played Harry Potter, Wizards Unite. I'm still going on that.
We hit level 20. I did the community day yesterday. I should say that.
I did the Harry Potter community day yesterday.
Oh.
So, uh, we went.
Some of this work.
Well, it was a Saturday, so I work Monday through Friday, okay?
So, um, it was, uh, we walked down to the Capitol where you would usually do Pokemon community day, right?
Um, except as you can imagine, not nearly as many people out and about as would be on a normal Pokemon community day.
It was a lot of tourists. I saw some kids doing a scavenger hunt type thing.
And once in a while I'd catch another group where I was like, oh, you guys must be playing.
Like they're, they're staring at their phones and there'd be like a couple of the fortresses were lit up green.
So, you know, people were doing them, but for the most part it was, it was maybe like five or 10% of what would be there for Pokemon community day.
But I think it's because most people I talked to about the Harry Potter community day had no idea.
Like, what is it? What's special about it? What are they going to do?
Um, and it was just, it really was just like boosted spawns and more XP.
So I got to level 20 during the community day. So that was cool, I guess.
But, um, yeah, like I got to admit it wasn't as exciting as a Pokemon community day because there wasn't like anything special to get.
Or anything. Yeah. So I, I'm hoping they're still kind of feeling this idea out a little bit.
But, um, at the end of the day, Alan and I just kind of knew we just want to go out and walk around and get exercise and be nerds and play Harry Potter while we're at it.
So, you know, the community day was a win in that regard.
But, um, yeah, I think if you felt like you missed something from not doing the event, maybe a small XP boost if that's what you're into.
So, but I will say in the Harry Potter game, what's really flopped for me is the week long event they're doing.
They're doing like a Harry Potter, um, like foundable. I don't remember the actual name, brilliant foundables or something.
They're doing a special event and it's all the little like purple things that come up.
I've been all about that.
See, well, here's the problem I have with it.
At the beginning, it was giving you great XP. You would get like 500 XP for everyone you returned.
And I was like, heck yeah, this is great. And like it makes it worth doing.
But then they issued a bulletin on like Wednesday or Thursday saying it's giving too much XP.
We are going to nerf it down to the levels it's supposed to be at.
So you get like 85 or 90 XP for a trace now.
Which considering how much you can do a green trace on those stupid owls, it will resist like seven out of eight times.
And I'm sitting there and you're just burning spell power on these things you're only going to get 90 XP on.
Yeah, but if you throw, um, a potion like right at the start, you'll just get it right away.
Yeah. But once I, once I maxed out those two stickers, I honestly, during the community day, I straight up ignored all the purple.
You still get, um, SOS, um, achievements for some of them.
So I've been doing every single one just because I'm right now, I think at level 16.
So I'm still working my way up through it because I only really can play at work.
Well, I'm playing at work.
I'm just trying to, you know, kind of focus on the other stuff.
Like it's kind of like, oh, I finished the event.
It's always the port keys to get me stuck. And that was honestly,
probably the best thing we got out of community day was actually walking and increasing his port keys.
That's my number one thing I need Harry Potter to get is adventure sync.
I have now learned the exact distance that I have to drive to get all of my, uh, uh, distance in to get my daily achievement.
Watch the video of someone playing, um, the beta for the Minecraft earth stuff, which looks much different than,
so the way they have it, you can actually hit all of the stuff while driving, which is kind of cool.
Um, they actually have it cause it comes, you don't end up in Iraq. Yes.
Well they have just like different things spawn and that's how you get resources to build things, which is kind of cool and craft stuff.
So I don't know. I'm really, I'm waiting for my goddamn email to come in, but it's not coming in.
I haven't checked my, I keep forgetting that's attached to my spam address.
So I have to keep checking that, but I will, I will do that while we start getting into the news here, I think.
One last thing, I forget what the fire breathing chicken is called in Harry Potter cause it makes me laugh every time.
When you catch it, it will tell you XYZ has been returned to the...
Except it shows up with so many other things. Like the one I had, I just did one where you help, uh, Flitwick out.
It doesn't say what the chicken's called and I forgot cause my brain is just not wrapping around it, but it makes me laugh every time.
Cause I call it, in my head, I call it the vicious chicken of Bristol from Monty Python.
Some of the animations in that game are really, uh, really silly, but they're like fun.
I love the ballerina, the giant ballerina. That one's like my, my favorite.
Oh, that looks like it's like an ogre that's a ballerina or something.
Yeah, it's, it makes, there's like so much in this that makes me laugh.
And I also think though, just real quick that they got the characterizations down perfectly.
Like the, the character models look really good and the animations are great.
If you turn your battery saver off, believe it or not, like it looks like it runs like a full 60 frames a second, at least on my iPhone 10.
Like it's, it's really good looking, but I imagine most people turn that battery saver on right away, which I can't say I blame you.
No, I, I don't really have a problem on mine. I mean, I haven't noticed.
I'm actually scrolling through my emails right now.
Looking at those of you watching on Twitch, like why is Rob on his phone with good fucking reason?
Cause I'm trying to see if I have an email from the, uh, uh, Minecraft.
The AR stuff is really cool. So like the thing that I saw a video of the guy had created a redstone.
It was a redstone timer type thing for racing. So it was all based on pressure plates.
And so when you got to the end of the pressure plates, it would stop the timer.
It is kind of like a speedometer almost. And it works in real life because when you're walking on those pressure plates, like in the AR stuff, it actually triggers them, which is kind of cool.
So he actually set it up like real size. He marked out on like a piece of paper, you know, where the pressure plates would be.
So he like kind of put those on the ground so he could actually run from one to the other.
But like in the game, you could see him like running and it's all it's triggering the pressure plates, which is just fucking amazing.
Okay. I'm, I'm super curious. Yeah. Cause I, I read a not so great review about the beta on another website.
Like they made it sound like it's just not what you think it is, but I also find a lot of, you know, especially, and I was especially learning this with the Harry Potter recent release.
Like a lot of people that were writing these reviews on Harry Potter were so quick to just say, ah, it's Pokemon go with a Harry Potter skin.
It's like, no, like if you actually go into the fortress battles and do some of the other stuff, like there's, there's some very distinct differences between the two games.
You know, I get that at its core, it's the same map, you know, that you're used to a Pokemon go and Ingress to be fair and these other things.
But it's just like, I could tell who the lazy reviewers were. So anyway. All right. I think we can move on.
We've talked, we've talked plenty about our gaming weeks. I think we need to get into a lot of mobile phone games that sound like,
but let's get into some of the other news that folks are dealing with this week, including, oh, are you, are you catching? Oh, it's one of the Harry, uh, the special, uh, purple.
That's a dementor. One of the special ones right now. Right. And you, you got it. So good job.
Hopefully. Is that your toy? Cause you need what? You need 12 of the Harry Potter kidditch one.
I've already got all of them. Okay. I just, like I said, I'm catching those cause it was a medium difficulty.
And, um, but I, I kind of wanted to, I know it's really good for our home listeners, but I wanted to put it up on cam so that for people who aren't playing, they kind of get an idea of what I was talking about with the animation.
Sure. That's fair. All right. And remember if you, if you do listen on the podcast fee and of course we love you guys for being here.
Uh, if you head over to our Twitch channel, we do have an archive where you can watch old episodes on demand.
You do have to be a subscriber of the vog network channel in order to have that, which you can do either a low nominal fee.
Um, or if you have Amazon prime, which I think was on everybody's mind this past week with prime day, or perhaps you were, you know, anti prime day, which is understandable too.
Um, then, uh, if you are an Amazon prime person, you can use your free, uh, or you get one free sub a month on Twitch.
So if you consider using it at vog network, you unlock all the old video stuff, not just for OLR, but for Bobby Black Wolf as well, as well as anything in the future.
Some of the specials we've done, if you want to go back and watch the E3 Squeenix press event and that whole thing, you can see all that live and there'll be certainly more to come as well as we start to develop that out, uh, through the year.
So this year has all been all about the move to Twitch and hopefully that's going to continue to grow, um, as we move on.
Anyway, um, let's, I think, move on, uh, to talking about what's going on in the news. Loki.
All right. So as I kind of alluded to earlier, when I was talking about my gaming week and playing on the Switch, been having issues with, uh, my joy cons drifting.
And I always thought it's the kids touching them with their dirty hands, which they do.
They do touch everything with their dirty hands all the time. And so I assumed it was their problem, but apparently it's not.
It's actually a design problem with the actual joy con analog stick itself.
Apparently Nintendo will actually fix them and it doesn't cost too much to do that. Four dollars.
But they also want you to mail your joy cons in and it takes about two weeks to turn around and get them fixed.
Um, I haven't gotten that option yet, but that might be interesting to try that.
Um, but I don't know if it's going to be a permanent fix.
And people have kind of gone through it and actually looked at, you know, what the issue is and, um, tried cleaning them out, but that doesn't end up fixing them permanently.
So this was kind of brought up in a Kotaku article. They were talking a little bit about different people with issues.
Um, kind of just trying to get all of those stories together.
But it's very interesting to see that this is not something that Nintendo's really addressed aside from, hey, yeah, we'll fix it.
But you would think that since they're putting out new ones now, and I'm almost curious also with the Switch Lite coming out,
if they're using that same analog stick on there, that's a problem because you can't just replace the joy con on there.
You're kind of stuck because it's attached to the system.
So I'm curious to see what they do with that.
But it's funny because I don't have this problem on my other consoles, like on my Xbox 360.
Occasionally, um, I think some of the analog sticks would die, like completely, but not just drift off to the side.
And that's what we have happen. Like even we were, uh, my son, I guess I was playing the Legend of Zelda demo at the Switch kiosk in the GameStop.
And that joy con was all fucked up. It was just looking straight down the entire time because it was like pushing itself up.
So it's just, it's a real big problem. And I've had even like switching out joy cons because I have two sets of them.
Both of them are doing it now.
And it's not something that I can avoid because who knows what the hell's wrong with it. It's dirt or something in there.
But it sounds like Nintendo may have to answer for this in court, right?
Yeah. So there's going to be probably a class action lawsuit around it.
Um, because I mean, it is something that they're not dressing up front in so much like you would have.
Not so much to the point of like the Xbox 360 and the Red Ring stuff.
But, um, you know, to a smaller extent, this is going to be, this is a widespread problem because there's been so many people who have been affected by it.
Yeah. I have to admit, I don't have this problem whatsoever, but I don't, I'm not like a heavy user of my Switch.
You know, I'll, of course I play it here and there, but I have a pro controller.
So I do a lot of my playing on the, a lot, a lot of my playing on the pro controller.
And it could be though that this pro controller analog sticks are different.
Possibly. You're right. Uh, Questbuster in chat with his perspective saying it won't be permanent if they still use the same stick module.
Someone took one apart a while ago and posted pics and the problem seems to be the graphite pads the rockers move across to generate input.
The problem is that graphite wears down and accumulates debris.
And as J100Matt says, sounds like it's joining in the long line of day one issues, PS2 disc read issues, 360 Red Ring.
Yeah. I mean, it does play station for the analog stick rubber rubbing off. Oh yeah. I remember that too.
That's still like an issue. I think so. I mean, I, I think it'd be great if Nintendo would just maybe have an exchange program or something to just, even if it's just like the basic gray ones, then fine.
Cause Nintendo is selling now all these new color.
They just announced this week, like Nike at purple and orange and green and yellow or so.
I don't even know if I'm getting the colors right because I gotta be honest. I hate that they mismatch.
I know it's like a trademark thing about the switch is that they mismatch. I can't stand it. That's why I always take my plane.
Why can't they just do like, this is a perfect opportunity.
This is like where Microsoft kind of excels, you know, cause with Microsoft, you can get the custom Xbox one controllers.
And I think, I think it's just Xbox one. I don't remember if they do with the 360, but is custom Xbox one controllers where you can design the colors, the d-pad style, the colors of the buttons.
And you can completely get whatever you want custom to you instead of having the way, Oh, now we're going to lead controller. You can do that.
Yeah. No, even just regular controllers. Yeah. Okay. I think you can do with the elite as well, but you definitely do it with the elite.
I know that's a Microsoft thing. I really though hate the, the green blue comedy, not the green blue, but the green pink for the joy con.
But I do like the red and blue one. The one I have, I think that it looks really, it's kind of like the standard, just the red and blue.
I got both of those. I like the green and pink, but even like the pro controller is different colors on left and right.
But like for me, I can at least write off going, well, it's this platoon theme controller. So it's supposed to be different colors.
Yeah. That's where the green and pink supposed to be from. Yeah. Yeah. So, but yeah, I, uh, I would be very curious to see if Nintendo is going to have to respond to this on a larger level, especially if now they're getting called into court on it now.
Um, you know, I, I'm gonna confess, maybe I'm just naive about this type of stuff, but why can't Nintendo have a firmware thing where you can kind of recalibrate those controllers?
You can, there's always a slight down tilt to it. Can't you just kind of like have that, but here's the problem. It's not all the time.
It's it's intermittent. So it's, it's, it depends on where the debris is inside there.
So one of the ways I've kind of tried to fix stuff is you can blow like compressed air in there to try to like kind of knock it out of the way, but it depends on how it's reading.
And sometimes like you, or like I end up having to shake that controller back and forth a bunch to try to, I guess, knock the debris out of the way.
And then eventually it will kind of fix itself. But if something gets stuck on there, then it'll drift slightly in one direction.
So it's, it's not all the time and yeah, you can recalibrate them and sometimes that helps, but it's not, it's not a solution.
Interesting. SheHulk10 in our chat says, my Joy-Cons disconnect all the time. It sucks and I have terrible lag. So.
We just mostly use our pro controller, but the one that I bought had like a problem with it and it drifts.
That's why I'm thinking I'm not seeing this program or this problem like the way others are because there's very little that I actually use the Joy-Cons for.
Maybe if I'm traveling like tomorrow, I'm going on a plane ride. So if I decide to bring my Switch, which I probably will,
I'll, I'll use the Joy-Cons like attached to the console and play it that way.
But most of the things, like when I'm playing things like Bloodstained or even Splatoon or like,
I can't think of a Switch game that I don't play on the pro controller.
It would be nice. I would even fix them myself if there was a way to like buy something that's a different surface instead of graphite,
another material that's not going to break down.
Actually kind of along those lines, you were saying you're playing Bloodstained. Is it any better after they do the patches?
I haven't, to be fair, because of everything else I've been into, I haven't had a chance to try.
Well, if you try while you're out, let me know.
It might be a traveling game because I'm going to be gone. Yeah, I definitely have to bring my Switch because I'm going to be gone for a week.
So, you know.
Well, Dan and I was telling, you know, Dan and I were looking at the nerfing on it and what they've changed in because they didn't do anything on the PS4 unless it was already like that.
And so I was really curious as to if they fit, what the fix was like for you.
Shane is in our chat, Chad Starzik, saying, I haven't played the Switch in docked mode for months and months.
So joy cons are great to me for an individually customization aspect, which, you know, if that's what works for you, awesome.
But it's very interesting how different people can approach it because, like, honestly, I'm almost exclusively docked mode.
It is really only if I'm traveling is the only time I don't play in docked mode.
And even then, I'm thinking like, can I bring my dock and hook it up to the hotel TV? Like, I should be able to do that, right?
Yeah.
So it's the thoughts probably. Yeah. So anyway.
All right. Well, let's move on and talk about a game that sadly is still not on the Switch, although I think many people are waiting for it.
It's Overwatch. Maybe when they do, you know, there's a lot of rumble that this is something they're going to do for it.
And this is not the story tonight, but there's a lot of rumble that Overwatch 2 or some type of Overwatch spinoff thing is like going to be the big BlizzCon announcement this year with Diablo 4.
Like, Blizzard is in a position where they realized last year did not work, and so they're going to come out swinging this year.
And the rumor is that it's Diablo 4 and a new Overwatch game that will, in fact, as I think I've kind of said on the show before,
focus a little more on some of the PvE things that they've been doing during the holiday events, but make that a little more of like an actual part of the core game.
So anyway, that's all rumors and stuff. We won't know any of that till whenever BlizzCon is, what, September?
I can't even remember when BlizzCon is. September or October? One of those.
Nothing in November? No.
It may actually be all the way in November, I think you're right. But anyway, we're going to go to something we do know.
Now this is for sure happening for Overwatch, and that is about role locking in Overwatch.
And this all started from a video that had leaked relating to the Overwatch League, and sure enough, the game director, Jeff Kaplan, came out and said,
in the future, players will now queue for specific roles in Overwatch games too.
This is important because historically, the game has given you the freedom to switch to pretty much any hero you want right in the middle of battle,
which is fine for experimentation and finding the characters you like, but when you actually want to win the game,
somebody's got to be a healer, somebody's got to be a tank, and somebody's got to be...
And actually, it's two, two, and two. So you have two tanks, two healers, two DPS.
That's the way things are going to be role locked. And now, when you want to play Quick Play, you say in advance,
I'm signing up to be support. And then when you get in your game, you will be one of the two support people.
And just like happens in many MMOs, including Final Fantasy XIV, I'll tell you the tanks and healers are going to be waiting a hell of a lot less time than the DPS,
which may have longer queues. So this is something they are talking about coming to Quick Play.
Now, there will be exceptions to this, of course, because you can always make your own game mode.
Like if you want to play with friends and you're like, fuck that, I want to do six tanks against six Mercys or something,
you can do whatever you want still in that regard in the arcade. It gives you the freedom to do that.
But this is going to become the new standard, which is what a lot of people play. Why did they make the decision?
They said the more that we can do to keep the pro experience in Overwatch League consistent with the live game experience of Overwatch players,
the better from the Overwatch League perspective, because this is also going to be a change that is going to affect the Overwatch League.
So when they play, they're going to be subject to the same rules, which for the most part they've kind of been doing anyway.
But I think it had been found that like, I think it was a three tank, three healer combination was actually doing really well in some matches.
So they don't want like one particular makeup to be the only way to do it. So they're going to do a two, two, two.
So it will be in quick play, it will be in competitive mode, and you cannot change your roles once the map starts.
Yes, the GOATS meta is three tanks and three supports. So no Widow makers, no tracers, nothing like that.
So Fifth Dream in chat says, fuck roles, I'm tired of being railroaded.
Well, I mean, I don't know, I have to say I'm kind of interested in this simply because nothing bugs me more than going into a map willing to play healer,
and then Moira gets snatched up in the first five seconds. And then somebody else grabs Lucio or Brigitte or something where it's like,
all right, well, I don't want to do three supports. So I guess I'll have to do a DPS. Oh, the DPS just got taken.
Well, I get, I don't want to play a tank. I'm not good at tank. So at least I'll be able to like queue for the maps.
Like I'm going to play this role and, you know, maybe there'll be one other person I have to fight with for Moira,
but at least I'll know, okay, even if the other person picks Moira, I can do Mercy.
I can do Lucio, something that I feel a little more confident with.
Very well.
It is, it's or MMOs in general, really. It's very much like you're queuing for a dungeon and the dungeon is the Overwatch map.
And remember, thank your healer.
And based on some of the screenshots, it looked like they were offering rewards for certain roles, like they do in MMOs.
Like in Final Fantasy 14, that's just the one I have a lot of experience with right now.
If like healers are in demand, you will get like bonus materia because they have kind of a, it's not like it wasn't in Final Fantasy 7,
but you get materia and it alters stats on your gear. So it's like you can give yourself like 40 determination or things like that.
It doesn't like teach you spells.
Kind of considering coming back to 14, except I would need help power leveling.
Well, you can do it one of two ways because you can't, you can't really, it's not like, wow, you can't power level people because when you do dungeons, you get synced.
So you can't really power level.
You can buy a potion that just skips you through it all.
But I think, I do think it's worth playing, especially like the Heavensward story.
Well, no, I was thinking to finish up the ones that I'm on and starting a new class.
Actually, wait, I do, you know what, I take it back. You can't, like if you were, if you needed to do this story dungeon, I could just go in there as like a level 80.
Because assuming I'm 80 at that point, and I'm sure Shane could help with this too, or Captain Spiker.
I think I'm at 65.
Any of the variety of people we know. Yeah, but even, even then, like there's such a jump between 50 to 60 to 70 to 80.
Like an 80 and a 65 could team up and take out any of those 60 to 69 dungeons. Easy.
Yeah.
You would need four people.
And basically I'd have to relearn mechanics.
And you've heard the thing about Shadowbringers is that when you get to those dungeons, fuck other people, you can just run with trust.
The only, there's, there's going to be two parts where you can't do that.
And it's the, it's the two big boss battles.
The two big boss battles.
Which is cool. I think like the last thing I had done majorly was the Ultros.
And then when they had so many of like, what's this fuck, the annoying guy shoved down my fucking throat.
Oh, Gilgamesh or Hildebrand?
Hildebrand.
Yeah.
But I was like, I'm kind of done.
I got sick of him.
I hate him.
He's an idiot.
You don't have to do this quest though.
They're optional.
I did them though, because I was trying to level in it and have any other quests open to me at the time.
Gotcha.
I like, I like his assistant.
I think he's a fucking dolt.
I like the dad.
He's not funny.
Yeah.
I like his dad.
His dad's funny.
But I just think that the, the character's comic relief that wasn't needed.
They may have finally retired him for Shadowbringers.
I don't think he's in the main store.
Well, don't quote me on that.
Cause they might come out and say, guess what's coming in 5.1 more Hildebrand.
Like they might do that.
Don't quote me on it, but he's not in the base.
There's too much other shit to cover in the base.
Cause there's, there's a lot.
I gotta say the story is like, it's real good y'all.
And I'm not even at the end yet.
And like every other day or no, every day I'm getting some text message from Shane where
like, he doesn't want to spoil it, but he's like, I just, I can't believe that this happened.
Like this is the best expansion ever.
Like there's nothing is ever going to top this expansion.
This is the greatest it's ever going to be.
Well then I'll need to, you're on a different server than where I left off too, right?
I am, but we're in the same cluster.
So even if you didn't move servers, you could still, we still party.
But I think I want to still join a different free company.
So if you've got a different free company, like are all the same jerks that were in it that I didn't like?
Um, this is a different, it's, uh, Shane, myself.
And then we teamed up with, um, uh, the game buoy guys.
So like captain spike and then then y'all join your free company.
And then these random like Aussies that I met through the game is who we play.
No, I would rather join your free company.
And because everybody else that I was playing with, I don't think I knew anybody,
but like, uh, a couple of people in the current free company I was in.
Yeah, so cool.
We'll figure it out. Anyhow, Overwatch, turn to Final Fantasy 14 chat.
How do you like that?
Let's move on with some more stories.
I had to do that when I took a bite.
I'm sorry, but I'm going to need to do a quick AFK, but, uh,
Dar Sakra will get into the next story.
Then they get to hear me talk with a mouthful of food.
Speaking though of food problems.
Oh my God.
So anyway, this happened in Memphis, Tennessee.
Oh my God. I'm still chewing.
Will you say something real quick?
You're still chewing.
I was hungry. I haven't eaten all day.
Um, anyway, in Memphis, Tennessee, they had, this family had to take their son,
eight year old boy, to the emergency room.
And you know why?
He was playing Fortnite and he didn't want to stop to go to the bathroom.
So he got himself so constipated that he had to go to the ER.
I mean, I laugh because I live this.
My kids, they'll, they'll do that.
Like all of a sudden it's like, I have to use the bathroom a lot right now.
It's like, because we only have one bathroom in the house.
And it's like, well, you have like five hours, you're playing games.
You could have used the bathroom, but you decided now it's the time to do that.
Or they're like, Oh, I went to the bathroom in my underwear.
It's because the screens and games, they make that a priority over themselves.
But it also is parents jobs to make sure their kids are going to the bathroom when they're young.
And also that they're eating the right foods so that they're not constipated
because I'm assuming that they didn't drink enough water.
They aren't eating enough fiber. So there's a lot to that as well.
But I mean, it also is another advocate for limiting screen time for kids
or putting them on like a particular limit or something, you know?
Well, and I won't even go into that because honestly I don't have children.
I never want children. And this is why I don't want children
because I don't want the fucking responsibility.
But even so, these kids, this kid's parents should have realized
how much time their child was spending in front of the game
and limited their time so that the child could take care of himself
and also make sure he's not eating junk and make sure the kid's drinking enough water.
In fact, there is a line here that says that the doctors told the parents
they need to pay close attention to what their kids are doing.
Well, how long was this kid playing games?
It doesn't say.
Because I mean, if you're going to get that constipated,
that would take days, I would imagine.
It doesn't say. And I would think that he would have had to have been playing.
Like on average, I think that it's something like what,
a two to three hour digestive cycle for children from ingestion to excrement.
So this kid would have had to have been playing
and possibly even eating while playing for that much waste
to build up in the colon and drinking no liquids with it
or worse, drinking a dehydrating liquid.
I mean, I know that sounds like an oxymoron,
but having like a caffeinated drink or the wrong things
or possibly even drinking milk with it if the kid's lactose intolerant
and you don't go to the bathroom, that can be an issue too.
But it's just really absolutely baffling how this could have even happened.
And I don't look at it as a problem with the game.
I look at it as a problem with, honestly enough, the parents not paying attention to the kid.
Yeah, that's usually what it is.
And another thing going into psychology here,
because this is something I did study for a little while,
is that for the younger that you are, you're more immediately concerned with immediate reward.
Your brain isn't wired to think of consequences
because you're still growing. Your life is immediate.
And so for a kid, we can't expect a kid to be able to regulate themselves at 8 years old
to the extent of, say, someone who might be 16 or older would be able to regulate themselves.
That's really where parents need to step in and go,
I think you've had enough.
It's like the cat paw, time to stop posting.
But I know, as a parent, what would you think of this circumstance?
I mean, just take better care of your kids.
You should know better if they haven't pooped in a few days.
Put aside the cookie crisp and give them some Albrand.
They'll really have to poo then.
Rob missed the entire conversation about poop.
We talked about it before the show, though.
Well, yeah, I messaged Rob last night.
I'm like, yeah, I'm going to do the story about Fortnite sending a kid to the hospital.
And he's like, oh, no, or something.
And I'm like, yeah, he didn't shit for a while.
Have you guys been reading some of these chat comments?
Because there's some good stuff in here.
Hold on, I was reading the article.
No, you're fine.
S2100 Matt says, can't poop regularly if you're just eating Doritos.
Wow, that's some real tea.
High culture says, give them the colon blow.
Orangewright says, holding it in for a Fortnite for Fortnite.
And Questbuster, probably with a more realistic perspective there.
Tummy hurts, but I have a new hat now and need to show it off to everyone.
Yeah.
But again, it's just like kids are more concerned with immediate reward.
If their focus is on the pleasure centers of their brain being triggered by getting all of this and playing Fortnite,
they may ignore their body functions because they're not mature.
Especially if you're eight.
You know, like I'm not going to make fun of the child here because they are a child.
And if they're not being taught, you know, certain things by the parents.
So the one to make fun of here is the parents about like, why, where are they?
Like, would your eight year old be able to get away with this, Logie?
No.
Well, and see, when Julian was younger, you know, his thing was that Pirates 101.
I don't know if he's still playing it.
We'll have to get him into a real MMO.
Didn't we have him on the show?
Yeah, a couple of times.
And I remember everyone said, get good.
And he's like, it's like, I'm a fucking 11 year old.
I love that boy.
But at any rate, is he almost a teenager?
He is 12.
He's going to be 13 next April.
Oh, my gosh.
Late April.
We're going to have to get him back on the show after his voice changes.
Oh, it's already.
Wow.
He's already got crackly voice right now.
OK.
You know, that kind of in between.
I sound like I'm slightly constipated.
Yeah, no, I gotcha.
Yeah.
No, Julian, Julian is.
He's just growing by leaps and bounds.
Oh, wow.
He's such a good kid, though.
I'm so proud of him.
And on top of that, too, he is a pretty vocal feminist.
Well, I'm sure his mom raised him right.
Exactly.
Well, he also is very accepting of other people and he stands up to bullies.
Good.
I am so proud of this kid.
Like, I could only be prouder of him if I had squirted him out.
Our show will be in good hands when we all die.
I don't plan on dying.
So anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kids, make sure your parents shit.
All right.
The end.
Let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
So, of course, we don't know a whole ton about Google Stadia, but there is some stuff that
they did help clarify regarding their different plans that they have.
So one of those, of course, is the Stadia Pro, which, you know, I was kind of wondering,
what the hell is this?
We get like a bunch of free games and what am I paying $10 a month for with the CD Pro?
So here's what CD Pro apparently gives you.
It's not like a Netflix of games, but like with most other online services that you pay
for, like Xbox Live or PlayStation Plus or something like that, you get a game a month,
which is less than the other offerings, you know, out there, like four games, a few games.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'm glad they I mean, I think we kind of knew this from that part of it is not really
going to be a Netflix game.
But I think if you really kind of listen to what they were saying, any three, you kind
of knew that.
But it was nice that during this AMA, like they asked me anything on Reddit that he was
doing, he did just flat out said like he didn't he didn't try to cut corners and he said people
have wrongfully assumed this is a Netflix of games.
That's not what this is.
Yeah.
So it's just you get the 4K surround sound and a game a month.
And of course, they're starting that with Destiny 2.
So yeah.
And they say roughly one free game a month, give or take.
So there may not be a free game in some months.
And yeah, I gotcha.
OK.
I mean.
Still not seeing the point, but.
It was interesting, too.
I read through some of the AMA answers and it was interesting how and I forgot the executive
that was answering the questions.
Sorry.
But I thought it was interesting how he was kind of trying to justify like, well, you
know, because because people were flat out asking like, why am I going to buy these games
that I don't really own?
They exist on the cloud somewhere.
And he kind of really had this attitude of we get it.
The cloud is scary.
People don't want to.
Why do you use Spotify?
Well, and he he kind of addressed that.
He said, don't people buy movies on, you know, Google Play?
Don't people buy songs on, you know, Apple, iTunes or something?
Yeah, but songs don't cost sixty dollars.
Ding, ding, ding that you stole my fucking thunder.
That was exactly what I was going to make.
No, you're fine.
It's one thing to throw away ninety nine cents on a song that you can listen to like a hundred
times before you wear it out.
But you are absolutely right.
A song does not cost sixty dollars and even a movie.
I want to say like probably the most the most expensive movie you're going to buy is probably
going to be what, like twenty four ninety nine.
It's a digital download.
And I don't really buy movies really.
I don't wait for Netflix or something.
I know some people might.
But yeah, I don't usually spend that much.
Some people might. But I think even between twenty five dollars and sixty dollars, there's
still a big difference.
Yeah, and just just Google like I don't it's hard for me to trust that the service is going
to be around for long.
Um, I would like to think that it is, but like I've got so many libraries elsewhere
that I can't see.
I don't know who this is targeted to, like if this is targeted towards gamers.
We probably already have gaming systems, are you targeting this towards non gamers, because
is a non gamer, you can give a shit that you're giving away Destiny two for free, a game
that's been out for a very long time.
It's technically not free anyways, you're paying ten bucks a month, so I don't get who
this is, where the who's the target audience for this is what I don't understand.
Yeah, I don't I don't I don't know either.
Interestingly enough, I haven't mentioned this yet on the show, I so Prime Day sale
happened, right? Yeah, I ended up buying a Chromebook because it was so like deep
discounted and I knew I had this travel trip coming up.
I have no way to get my work email.
Unless because I don't have like a laptop, so I was like, all right, well, I'm well, I
had a laptop, my the laptop I have is like ten years old and monitors, but like, I can't
use that laptop to do anything anymore.
But I was like, maybe I'll just get a Chromebook.
So and it was super cheap because of Prime Day.
So I was like, whatever, like I'm not spending like a ton of money on whatever.
And if I end up not liking it, it's not like, you know, it's not like a wasted money.
But even I'm thinking like, oh, but, you know, thanks to that Chromebook, that could be
a great little thing for Google Stadia.
But then I'm like, I'm not going to I'm not going to do Stadia.
On that laptop, even if it does run six or whatever, whatever they're saying, 60 frames
a second, the smooth stuff, it's just not.
Yes. Like where would that happen?
Like, you know, like I like would try to figure out the scenario.
Let's say, OK, I'm on a business trip and I'm taking my my Chromebook with me on the
hotel Wi-Fi.
You get in 60 frames per second.
Anything. No.
And DJ Rama S is like, Chromebook?
I'm sorry. I need it to do like one or two specific things.
And that's it. Like, I realize I bought a pretty, you know, like bare bones type of
thing, but that's all I need this thing for is bare bones stuff.
So. All right.
Anyway, I guess I guess that's it.
Nothing else on the Stadia AMA we want to talk about?
No, I mean, I don't know.
Basically, I just don't see the point of the system right now.
Yeah, that's that's really all I want to talk about is the clarification of that.
Just do you think they're trying to create a niche that doesn't exist?
I think they're trying to push that this cloud is kind of like, well, take the gaming
anywhere. You can play it on all these platforms.
But it's like, I don't want to play it on my phone.
I don't want to play it on a Chromebook, play it on my laptop.
Well, you know, I can kind of already do that anyways.
I mean, I would think this would be a big thing for like Mac users because you could
play a lot of games that way.
So that's the Apple's got their own solution coming, which is going to be so is it not
going to be on Mac?
I mean, no, I don't.
They'll put Stadia on it.
The impression I was getting is that Stadia, they're going to put Stadia on it.
Chrome, I guess. The Apple's trying to fix that problem themselves.
And they're they're they're spending the coin to get the developers in there to do it.
Yeah, I just I will tell you this, though, the App Store does have a lot of AAA titles in
it now. So, you know, I wouldn't be surprised.
But there's a lot of stuff.
I mean, I like it when I can play it on my phone or when it's designed for my phone.
That's why I love Pokemon Go.
That's why I love Harry Potter.
Great examples of like phone experiences.
What I do not love is like playing Sonic the Hedgehog 2 on my phone because it's something
that you're supposed to have a controller for.
And it's like they put a fakie one on the screen.
It doesn't work that way. Like when the experience is designed with the mobile
phone as your device in mind, I'm fine.
I just don't like it when they squeeze other games into it.
You know what I mean? Yeah.
And I'm I'm fine with them trying to do this.
OK, that's fine. Let's just put it out there.
We'll see how it does.
We'll see. Let's see what they offer to like make it interesting for me to want to buy
this. Right now, there's not anything that wants me or is making me want to buy this,
especially with next gen consoles right around the corner.
So. I mean, that's fine.
Not everything's supposed to be for me, so whatever.
I don't care. But I'm just I'm curious to see how well this does, because I don't know
who they're trying to focus this towards.
I mean, I get like the streaming aspects kind of core, you can stream games.
Well, you can stream footage of games and it's supposed to be, you know, lossless as
far as that goes.
But. I think there's going to be problems with that, too.
I mean, I know you can't livestream because you have to have a thousand, you know,
followers or whatever the stupid requirements that they have now.
And then like the other times, you know, music and stuff is going to get your stuff
demonetized. So that's a whole nother.
It's YouTube fighting themselves, you know.
I just don't I don't get it, but whatever.
That's fine. Put out the product.
If it works, it works. If it doesn't, it doesn't.
All right. Well, let's move on to talking about some of the announcements after San
Diego Comic-Con. I feel like I've been asking for the past three weeks is Comic-Con this
weekend. Comic-Con this weekend. Well, it was this weekend finally.
Just check Victoria's page.
Oh, yeah. My my good buddy Victoria from Shaking and Crying.
I know we haven't done an episode in a hot minute, but she got a lot to say on the next
episode. She frickin' wore her cosplay of Janet from the medium place.
The medium place?
I think that's what it was.
The good place?
Well, but in the story, there's.
Yeah. So anyway, I've never watched that show.
It's fine. She's she wore one of her Janet cosplays and she met the actress, like the
actress was at like some like bar that was set up to be a good place thing.
And she frickin went there and met her.
That's awesome. They got a picture. Yeah.
So, yeah, it's pretty awesome.
Zigzaggy dress, too, which I thought was like so tacky, but it looks good on her.
Yeah. Yeah. It fit the theme.
So, yeah. Anyway, the other stuff out of San Diego Comic-Con, lots of people talk about
the Marvel. There's a lot of Marvel movies.
The Marvel movies had a ton of like so much stuff between the TV series, like a Hawkeye TV
series and a Loki TV series.
And the TV series sound interesting, but like, I don't know.
And they were talking about they're going to do another Thor movie.
But this time it's going to go to Natalie Portman.
Well, they did that in the comics, too.
Yeah. Men calm thy tits.
Well, there are already guys being shit about it, of course.
Block, delete, move on.
But it will at any rate, though, there's this thing going around about them.
Oh, the first Marvel LGBT characters, Valkyrie, read the comics character, the characters
have existed. Valkyrie is not the first, the first of the big screen, maybe on TV.
Yeah. But but Marvel has really had a leg up in the game for a while.
Yeah. Well, anyway, I'm talking about the games from it.
I just know a lot of you are thinking about, you know, the the cinema stuff, but they did
announce some updates for the games, including Marvel Ultimate Alliance three, which I'm
kind of surprised you're not all over that right now.
Dark soccer, because that did just come out.
I have so many other things right now that I'm spending money on.
Sure, I understand. I bought a dress.
OK, well, you know, when you do decide to jump into Marvel Ultimate Alliance three, maybe
you want to pick up some of the DLC.
They did announce at SDCC that on September 30th, Marvel Knights Curse of the Vampire
will be released where Blade Moon Knight Morbius and Moon Knight.
I'm I'm sorry. I thought I saw a comma there.
Blade Moon Knight Morbius and the Punisher will be playable characters.
Y'all got me. I don't care about any of them.
I don't follow comic books as close as you guys do.
And I don't follow comic books either.
But thanks to Lego Marvel superheroes for making me familiar with all the obscure
characters. There you go. There you go.
And Moon Knight is honestly the Marvel answer to Batman.
And then apparently there will be, I guess, a free update where Cyclops and Colossus will
be added to the game.
So you won't even have to do DLC for them.
You're just going to be able to grab them as like free updates.
So and they're they're very much like the comic book looking ones.
So that's pretty cool. So people will be into that.
And another thing that they showed, they showed more of the Marvel's Avengers game,
the one that, you know, Square is essentially going to be putting out.
I saw the leaked footage of that.
Yeah, there was some leaked footage that came out.
I try not to put too much stock in leaked footage because, you know, it looks bad because
I thought it looked good, actually.
Well, no, no, no, I know the quality.
Yeah, terrible. But yeah, I mean, the game, like what I could see of the gameplay
definitely looked like, oh, this is it looked more interesting than what they showed us,
what they showed at E3.
So it kind of blows my mind.
Like, I understand that, like, you know, this is supposed to be a special thing.
I can't believe they haven't already released an official rendering of that
playthrough out to the Internet.
I think that will probably come during Gamescom, if I were to guess.
Oh, good thought, because that's just around the corner, too, right?
Yeah. Yeah, interesting.
So but the gameplay did look really nice.
And then they said that, yeah, Gamescom will be a thing from August 20 to 24th.
And then they're saying officially this unveiling will come out in September.
That's dumb. It's just it is.
Yeah, I know. Just get it out there.
Why make everybody wait?
I mean, I guess they want to save stuff for Gamescom.
I don't know, but they're not.
They're doing it after Gamescom.
So that's lame.
Bobby Blackwell says it's apparently the same as the behind closed doors E3 demo.
So I guess this is something they're kind of taking around.
Whatever.
I just I just feel like when you know that E3 did not go over as well as you'd hoped,
I would think that you want to, like, get a little more out there.
By the way, speaking of movies, because I'm looking at the little news ticker
bar at the bottom here, when we broadcast on Twitch, we had the news that ticks by.
So even though it's not exclusively gaming related,
a little thing just ticked by about Top Gun Maverick because that trailer just came
out. I mean, Top Gun 2 Maverick is still an asshole.
I had no idea that not only were they doing a Top Gun sequel,
but that they got Tom Cruise and Val Kilmer to do it.
Hasn't Val Kilmer had, like, unhealthy amounts of plastic surgery?
Like, doesn't he not look the same?
Maybe I'm making that up, but I thought that was like a thing.
And now I'm going to have to take a look and see.
I did not watch that trailer, but I have to say at some point,
I did watch the Cats trailer.
I'm so excited.
I got it. I think I'm going to be honest.
I have an honest moment.
I think the Internet is giving it more shit than it deserves.
Well, and the people who are giving it shit clearly never saw the play.
Right. Well, but let's be real there.
A lot of people hated the play.
Well, those people are wrong.
But I'm going to give this an explanation
to the people who have not seen Cats in a stage production.
The stage is oversized furniture.
It is scaled down to where the human actors are cat sized.
So for the movie,
it's a perfect stylistic choice because it is exactly what it was like on stage.
And I think no one is complaining about the set pieces.
The set pieces look amazing.
The Cats,
to be fair, I'm like on Broadway, they didn't look great.
But but that looked fine, though, like this is uncanny valley, though.
I just I don't know.
The CGI doesn't bother me as much as is bothering other people.
I don't know what it is.
I'm just like, I don't know.
But like I see all these things where it's like, wow,
we have to apologize to the creators of Sonic the Hedgehog.
Now we see the casting.
But like when I watch the trailer, like the minute that Jennifer Hudson
started belting memory, I was like, this is what I will be paying money for.
Because, yeah, I mean, I'm sure it'll be fine.
Wallace like Jennifer Hudson is well.
And on top of that, of getting Judi Dench as
crap, I forgot the character's name,
but the character was originally male on the stage play.
And having Judi Dench play that character
for me is how I think that character always should have been.
And on top of that, it was a male in the stage play.
It's the old Deuteronomy or Deuteronomy.
That was it.
And on top of that, of also having what's his fuck is Macavity.
James Corden, was it or no, I was I don't know any of the character names.
But it is. Yeah, I think that's who they got him as
Macavity and Macavity was like my favorite character on stage.
I'm I the CGI doesn't bother me as much as others.
And here's the thing.
At the end of the day, like it's by the guy that did Les Mis.
And all I have to say is that Aria
Snark and I went to see Les Mis, the one with like Hugh Jackman and Russell Crowe.
We went to see that.
We sobbed for two and a half hours straight.
So I will start crying right here on this show.
If you start singing songs from Les Mis,
if I even think about Anne Hathaway doing I dream to dream.
Oh, God, she was born for it.
But OK, I'm going to tell you one thing, Rob.
When you're not on air, OK, I want you to go and look up.
It's like 36 Jean Valjean's.
Oh, yeah.
And it's people who play Jean Valjean in different countries.
And guess who the Japanese one is?
Chairman Kaga from Iron Chef.
Oh, how funny because he actually he played
fuck, what was the
the cop's name?
Well, I can't think of it anyway, but it's just absolutely amazing.
Fifth dream today in our chat says it's called cats, not can'ts.
I don't know why I thought that was funny, but I did.
All right. Anyway, this is not a podcast about cats, but we had to look at y'all
are talking about it like Twitter to not shut up for an entire day about it.
One tangent more.
I will say it did look like I can poke a little fun.
Another topic, another destiny.
I can poke a little fun at humor and stuff and even things that I like.
I will say I'll give you this good joke.
So last night I actually hosted like a horror film festival for the first time,
which I know is funny because you all know, like I'm super into horror movies.
Right. But what I did, I came out on stage and I'm like, what's up, Sacramento?
You ready to see some movies?
And I said, are you ready to see the most horrible, gruesome,
disgusting thing you've ever seen hit the big screen?
And the audience is going, yeah.
And I go roll the cat's trailer and that got a good laugh.
But I could I can poke fun at it.
Come on. It's it's good for judging you right now.
All right. All right. Moving on.
Let's get to you've been waiting to talk about this one, Darcy.
Yes. So this and I actually did download the game before I had this article on it,
but it's by the creators of Journey and it's called Sky Children of Light.
It's a free game. You do have an app purchases, just saying, but it's so pretty.
Like the moment I saw it, I really wanted to play it.
And right now it's only on iOS,
but it does sort of feel like it's an offshoot of Journey.
So you basically play a child of light who is a caped figure going across these
different realms and uses light to revive stars and reform constellations.
Prince of the universe, sorry, Prince of all cosmos.
Not quite, but you interact with your world and you have other players.
There are other sparks of light in the game and you use gestures the same way.
So this just seems like a logical expansion on the idea of Journey.
But you're now on a wider scale
and it does have that same anonymity where you don't know who your other parties are.
And you also don't like talk.
You use, you know, your gestures, but you can add
your friends to it so that you can play with legit people that you know.
But you also have that interaction of other people in the game.
It's just absolutely gorgeous.
The moment I saw a trailer for it, I was like, oh my God, I need to play this.
Now you do have some pay tiers to get like extra goodies, because of course you do.
But they don't seem ridiculously unaffordable,
but it is free to play.
You don't have to pay anything to do much in it.
But it's really pretty.
I really, I really think I'm going to enjoy playing it.
Yeah, I want to check it out.
I need something that isn't idle pouring.
But I must confess, I'm a little bit like
shook, I guess, that, you know, an experience like this and the creators
of Journey that is very immersive and beautiful and stuff is kind of confined
to my phone, like I'm a little bit like I wish they I wish they targeted one.
Confined though?
I mean, that's putting a personal limitation on it, though.
You can do the your little touch screen right here, especially those of us who
have touch screen, my little touch screen, you said it, that's not really that little.
The thing is, is that this is a power that we have now that we did not have
when we were starting off as gamers, this is a legitimate forum to play a game on.
And if you have something that is absolutely made with this console in mind,
then you can't get an immersive experience in playing it.
I guess I'll give you that.
And, you know, maybe in my mind I'm referencing too much to Journey because
some of the stylistic, you know, things seem to be in common.
And I would not want to play Journey on my phone.
But I also don't want them to have just
copied Journey and made a new version of that for the phone.
I don't think I doubt that's what they did.
They've been working on this game for like seven or eight years.
It looks unique enough.
I mean, I'll be perfectly honest.
That was why I got it.
I'll check it out.
But like, you know, it's got a lot to live.
Honestly, and I don't want to sound dramatic,
but like Journey is probably the best video game they'll release this decade.
Now, what if you play this and you decide that you like this?
Then great.
Then I'll file it up there with games like Pokemon Go and Ingress and things
that I enjoy playing on my cell phone.
And one thing that I've been really happy
about is that I really do feel like mobile gaming has really been
revolutionized within the last few years.
Like they're really pushing the envelope of what our portable devices can do.
Well, especially with now retroactive
updates being done to get more performance out of older phones.
You know, I think that, you know, people who may not even be
on the most up to date device can still get the same experiences.
And I think that it's absolutely wonderful that now,
you know, the hardware and software engineers are taking into account
that people may not always be getting the biggest and newest of it.
And so the software developers, too, they're taking that into account as well,
making those games as accessible to people on older devices as they can.
And I'm really happy and really proud.
And I want everyone who says something
about planned obsolescence to shut the fuck up.
It doesn't exist.
All right, well, let's move on.
We got a few more stories to get to before we get to your thoughts on Discord.
Let's get to Loki.
All right.
So this is pretty cool.
There's a fan made game that's kind of done in NES style.
And of course, it's for John Wick.
So they actually have this available to play on
itch.io so you can check that out.
It looks like
let me spell this M-U-R-I-L-O-D-E-V dot itch.io slash john dash wick.
And you can check it out.
It's kind of a run and gun style.
It looks a little bit like itch.io.
It's not actually an S game either.
It's probably an S inspired.
Well, that's why I said an S inspired game.
It's not actually an NES game,
but it looks pretty cool and looks pretty hard.
So go check it out.
Of course, being that, you know, it's supposed to be very difficult.
There's no extra lives, no continues,
and you have one life and that's it, and it's game over.
So I don't know.
Pretty cool, though.
I love fan games.
I have not seen a single John Wick movie, so this will probably do nothing for me.
Right. All I know is don't fuck with his dog.
It's an awesome action movie.
Yeah, well, I'm not just I'm not a hater.
I just it's not that not been on my list of things to see.
I probably because of this whole travel
thing, I'm probably not going to get to see The Lion King.
So but you already have.
Although, yeah, I heard I heard it's not good.
But I guess a lot of people are going to see it anyway.
So, yeah.
All right. I kind of want to see it because
Mustafa, well, anything with Beyonce's name on it, I'm at least going to look at it.
All right. Oh, say it again.
Let's move on to a story.
So you mean not Mustafa.
I said, oh, let's move on to a story about the Nintendo Switch.
And with this Nintendo Switch story,
we're talking about a new, I guess, revamp for the core system.
And that's kind of interesting.
So the core system is going to be getting
kind of like a under the hood revamp.
You mean a pro edition?
No, no, not a pro edition, but just kind of like a
under the hood revamp that's going to add some various battery life to it.
So right now the current system will run from two point five to six point five
hours, but the new battery, which will just start showing up on shelves.
And I don't think they plan on like advertising it or whatever,
but it's going to do four point five to nine hours, meaning like I don't think
they're going to advertise this new campaign like it's a new Nintendo Switch.
No, it's just going to quietly replace the switches that are on shelves already,
probably because they realize they want the current stock to sell out.
So you will want to look for a model number HAC-001-01.
So you want to look for it because the
other one will not have the extra dash 01 at the end.
If you are interested in getting one of these that has a new battery,
I'm not going to spend three hundred dollars on a new switch just for a new battery.
But it is interesting that it's happening.
It's funny because you say the whole pro switch or whatever.
Maybe this is what they're doing for now,
just because it's like it was something they were going to do anyway.
But they're not ready to do that switch pro yet.
Honestly, they have cases that have extra
battery packs so you can buy and being that the switch charges by USB-C,
you could buy, you know, one of the cell phone battery packs or whatever to plug
into it as well to give it some extra time if you really want to extend the battery.
Great comparison.
EsterShow100Matt says this is like when the 360 got the HDMI port added in.
Yeah, yeah.
I remember going around and looking for 360s with that skew.
Shad Starzik in chat says the boxes are
changing too, at least in other regions, so you could tell the difference that way.
I told you the story about when Dan and I
went to go find the last PlayStation that had an IO port and we made the KB go
through every single one of theirs until we found literally one left.
And we still have it. Yeah.
But those IO ports were great because it lets you use those little plug in thing.
That's how I was able to play my first bootleg games.
Well, you know, we actually had a first
model PlayStation that we would just do the single switch on.
Oh, those were the days.
Yeah.
You know, I will say, you know, it came up
earlier about a PlayStation classic and should I bother getting one?
I was kind of like meh.
But I got to say, I don't know, maybe if I got like a PlayStation classic that all
the old like DDR and the Beatmania stuff and the stuff I used to really love on the
imports and stuff, I might be into that actually.
So you can you can hack all that stuff on your your mini PlayStation.
Yes, you can. Rob, we should tell people what we did.
What? What we acquired or started to acquire.
What are TurboGrafx scissors?
Oh, that actually came up, I think, on Bobby's show.
OK, that's OK. I'll say it again.
Yeah, we did. Finally, I got the TurboGrafx.
So did you. They took forever to get the order up.
And I'll be honest, I really I feel kind
of guilty for supporting Prime Day after everything that was going on.
But technically you're preordering and not
actually shipping something, the money didn't come out on Prime Day.
So, yeah, the money, the money, I didn't spend any money on Prime Day.
So I guess I can still keep up with my having boycotted because I didn't buy
anything else on Prime Day or days, I should say.
But it just it really bugged me that it took so long to get it up because I was
just like, huh, it took long to get it up because I was really antsy for it.
But what I'm hoping is that we it can get
a copy patch to where you can apply translation patches to like stuff like Snatcher.
Yeah, that would be awesome.
Yeah, I think I've got like a burn of the Sega CD Snatcher,
but I would love to to have this one patched.
I wish they would just do like an official translation.
But I realize it's asking for a lot.
I'm certain that this is not an armship
running some sort of Linux or anything that can't be hacked.
I'll be perfectly honest.
I want a good translation of police knots, too.
All right, well, let's take a trip down memory lane.
Since you brought up the TurboGrafx 16,
I don't think that's where our classic of the week is this week.
But every week, Dark Soccer likes to step
into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey,
you brat should be checking out this game this week.
It's the classic game of the week.
And Dark Soccer, what did you pick for our listeners this week?
I went completely off console this time.
You kind of did. I did.
I well did. I went for worms.
Worms came out in nineteen ninety five.
Like, how is that for old school?
It was it's a turn based artillery tactical game.
It was developed by Team 17 and it was, of course, the very first one.
It actually let me double check.
It first had a release on actually isn't saying what it was first released on
Amiga Amiga, actually.
So it did come out.
I stand corrected because European release was on Amiga CD 32 Game Boy and Mac.
So this was on non PC systems first.
It came out on the Mega Drive after that and then got U.S.
releases for so the first U.S. release was on PC for DOS.
And then we got PlayStation.
We got a European SNES release and I'll go into the rest of these later.
The last release was on Atari Jaguar, but it is a like I said,
a turn based artillery game very similar to like scorched earth where you control
worms and you select different worms and you use their tools for where they are
to attack the opponent's worms and then, you know, win the game.
So you've got like different tools like
bungee and a ninja rope and grenades and all this crap.
And in the first game you had over 50 different weapons and tools to use.
And you can actually save your team as
a scheme so that you can just pull that for playing whenever you've got different
kinds of terrains to you have like an island, which is the train floating on
water or a cave where you've got, you know, water underneath the cave.
You've got certain, you know, other weapons that are not
overridable, you know, just different things like that.
And of course, if a worm is hit by a weapon, then the damage dealt to the worm
is removed from its own health.
So basically you've got to eliminate all the other worms.
So worms die when a worm enters the water
either by falling off the island or falling through a hole when a worm is thrown off
to either side of the arena or when the health is reduced to zero.
So basically the game was originally created by Andy Davidson as an entry
for Blitz basic programming competition that was run by Amiga Format magazine.
So this was a contest game.
So how's that?
And it was, I mean, really just like
bare bones, of course, at first, because it was basic.
But the game was called Total Wormage.
The theory is that it was referenced to Total Carnage and it didn't win.
But the game was then sent to several
publishers and then taken to the European Computer Trade Show.
He met up with a gentleman named Mark Forman,
who is the head games buyer at Gem Distribution,
and they had him talk to Ocean Team 17 and they made an offer on the spot.
So you've got to stay persistent with those games, guys.
And then
so there were, you know, there was a lot more done.
It's funny since it had a lot of references because it was developed in Yorkshire.
And so they used a lot of different,
you know, the voice samples that were, you know, done in native accents to that area.
And so
there was quite a bit that went in for some of the later releases,
like the PlayStation release had a lot of negotiation going on because
SCEA, Sony Computer Entertainment of America,
didn't want 2D games on the console.
But the Saturn version was a straight up port of the PlayStation when it came out.
The last release that came out was Atari Jaguar,
also developed by Team 17, published by Telegames, May 15th, 1998.
And
it was one of the last remaining software pieces that came out on the Jaguar.
It was available through direct order and from Electronics Boutique,
if we remember the old EB.
And then it was, again,
one of the last games that had the Atari name on it officially.
The, you know, it was very cartoon like for the game, the style, you know, it is fun.
It's a funny game. God damn played a lot of Worms for a while.
This game was a lot of fun.
Like I'm kind of with, who said it in chat?
I think it was Dark Tetsuya saying, I don't think I played this one too much.
I do remember the successor, Scorched Earth on PC, though.
Technically, Scorched Earth came out before this.
It came out before.
And they're actually not related, except the fact that they're a similar type
of genre, like Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat type of thing.
I mean, Worms 2 was this equal to this.
And then Worms, Dan played a lot of Worms Armageddon.
That was and there's another game
called Tank Wars on PC that I think was pre Scorched Earth.
Yeah. I mean, this is not any genre.
It just would be a fun game to stream sometime.
I want to play Scorched Earth on stream sometime.
See what I remember? Yeah, those guys are fun.
At any rate, this one actually had
an expansion that was called Worms Reinforcements.
It came out in 1996.
And then later on, it had a new version
that was called Worms United that had both of them on there.
And it was only released for the PC.
It had a single player campaign
and the ability to customize your level and sound packs,
which was, by the way, already available on Amiga.
And it had an introductory full motion video.
And then Worms Director's Cut,
which was the direct sequel, it only came out on Amiga.
It was a big success.
I mean, by March 1986, it reached over two hundred fifty thousand copies.
And that's in less than a year.
So this was it came out November 95 and this was by March 96.
So it for all the versions, it sold well over five million units by 2006.
You know, some people were like, eh, and other people like, oh, my God,
this is the best game, but some people were like comparing it to Lemmings,
which I'll be honest, I don't think Lemmings is a very rewarding game.
But overall, it got really, really positive reviews.
And the Saturn version was considered particularly good.
Of course, the Saturn was a 2D powerhouse.
So, you know, some people like the biggest
complaints were about the slowness of large multiplayer
and how imprecise the keyboard controls could be.
That's, of course, playing on a computer.
But, you know, considering what your Internet was like in 95 and 96,
we were still just getting past dial up at this point.
So the fact that it had reliable multiplayer at all is pretty astounding.
And so it was actually the runner up by EGM as the strategy game of the year.
The only thing above it was Dragon Force, which is a pretty awesome game.
And there you have it, Worms.
All right, great pick, because, you know, this game that I remember playing on PC,
again, not as much as like Scorched Earth and Tank Wars,
but definitely you kind of saw the, I guess, like the evolution of those ideas
now, but like, oh, but the tanks can move and, you know, the worms can move.
And it was a little more like this free for all type of commentary.
Yeah, especially in the later Worms games.
It kind of reminded me of like a cross
between like the Tank Wars or what have you and Lemmings in some in some ways.
Yeah, but I think Lemmings is boring.
Oh, you're not a big fan of Lemmings,
especially since like the whole game is based on a fallacy.
Did you know that Lemmings do not follow each other blindly?
That was actually staged.
Well, I think I obviously I think for the game,
they probably do some creative liberties for sure.
But, you know, yeah, then I mean, honestly enough,
it is just one of those games that really was sort of genre expansive.
Does that make sense? No, I gotcha.
Yeah. So anyway. All right.
Well, we are going to do just a couple more things here and we'll see if anybody
wants to call tonight on our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
You can head over to the green room.
And if you want to leave us a little key
on the Orange Launch Radio, what it is you want to talk to us about.
All that information about how to do that is down below on our Twitch page
over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
But every week we also like to travel around the world and check out what is
coming out on a game shelf near you, Loki.
Not a whole lot this time, but we've got Beyond Two Souls.
That's coming out on PC exclusively on the Epic Store.
Tetris Effect coming out this week on PC as well.
Also exclusive to the Epic Store.
And then, of course, we have Raiden five
Director's Cut on Nintendo Switch, Kill La Kill.
Yes, Kill La Kill looks like if that's on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Did you ever watch the anime?
No. Kill La Kill is out there and pretty fun.
We have Wolfenstein Cyberpilot on PlayStation 4 and PC and Wolfenstein
Youngblood on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And that's it.
All right, traveling over to Japan and
checking out some of the releases over there we have.
I'm just sorry, I think I might have
accidentally unplugged the Internet on this computer, but luckily that doesn't
affect the show anymore because everything's on that computer.
But anyhow,
talking about what's coming out in Japan, we have Kill La Kill.
The game if is also getting a Japanese
release on the 25th along with Spike Volleyball making and then making lovers.
But without a not a space, but like a star.
That's I guess a game that's making star lovers, star lovers or making making
multiplication lovers, depending on the usage of the asterisk there.
Those are the big releases in Japan this week.
And seeing what is on the switch,
we have some of the Kill La Kill is out on the Switch game as well.
And then Rune Factory 4 Special gets a regular and a little limited edition box
set there this week, and Doraemon's Story of Seasons is also out this week.
And let's see, Saikyo Shooting Library Volume 1 is also out this week.
Saikyo means greatest. Yeah.
So I'm curious.
It's City Connection is the company that's putting that.
So I'm kind of curious what games they have.
Wasn't that a NES game? City Connection?
Yes, I think it was.
So maybe I'll do that for a classic game.
Fishing Spirits is also out on the Switch this week.
And Pio Fiore no Banshu is also out.
So I'm looking at that shooting library to see what games are in it.
It's six eShop titles in one bundle.
So it's Strikers 1945, 1945 2, Soul Divide, Dragon Blaze and Zero Gunner 2.
Not bad. Yeah, not too not too shabby.
All right. How about Europe?
All of these come out on the 25th.
So we have a Wolfenstein Cyberpilot VR.
We have Wolfenstein Youngblood.
We have Kill la Kill.
And we also have Fire Emblem Three Houses.
All right, sissy.
Well, the next part of our show is where we would go to the mailbag where you guys
can email us every week. Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com
is the place to send your emails.
I'm refreshing it.
I do believe last we checked, unfortunately, it's empty.
Yeah, we don't really have anything that's there.
So that memory.
Oh, no, it means Drag Race talk.
Memory all alone in the moonlight.
I don't have a good voice.
Oh, I think your voice is plenty fine.
What are we doing? Karaoke Revolution on stream.
I don't know.
Don't they have the Twitch sings now?
You don't even know that's right.
There's Twitch sings.
That's something that's got a wow.
I hit the table with my ring.
I was so excited. That's something we got to hit yourself with your ring.
I have pinched that little.
Yeah, like we did it.
Yeah, but I was like trying to get something on my forehead when I was
in sister makeup and I bopped myself in the forehead with my ring and it hurt.
I just did it on purpose.
So.
All right. So what night for our Twitch sings stream?
So SSJ 100 Matt says last time we did Karaoke Revolution, things happened.
It's been a long time.
You know what? I'm actually not as self-conscious about my voice anymore,
so I'll sing something.
Why not?
If I'm going to have Travis Donovan blasting for like the last 10 years
of my life when I went to Great America and I couldn't really hear it.
So life is a mystery.
It's like a really bad opening to like a prayer, but I'll sing that again.
I wonder what I should sing, though,
because I'm not really a show tunes person per se.
But do you know what my go to what are your go to songs at Karaoke?
Well, I did Lady Fingers last time I did Karaoke.
Oh, which, you know, that's kind of like
my personal theme song is Lady Fingers by Luscious Jackson,
which, you know, was one of my favorite bands in the 90s.
I love Luscious Jackson.
And I think one of my others was Banned
on the Run by Paul McCartney and Wings.
Did you see the Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr had a reunion on stage?
That's pretty bad ass.
My go to karaoke song, do you remember what it is?
I sang it almost every week.
I know that you sang
Birdhouse in Your Soul for me.
Oh, I did do that one once.
And the key was weird.
Yeah. And you had to change keys halfway through the song.
And I did not keys, but
dropping, dropping the pitch to hit no
hand in my pocket by Alanis Morissette.
That's right. Like my go to always.
That's right. I need, though, like another one that's going to be mine.
Like what's something that I sing a lot?
I did. So one of my friends dared to tell me that he disliked ABBA songs.
So just because of that, I did Knowing Me, Knowing You last time I was at karaoke.
It was fun. I think I would probably do, um.
Darted, so you guessed Love Shack.
That's a good guess, but that was more Miss Harper's thing than mine.
Like I just and Lisa Loeb and that one song that I fucking hate.
The Four Nomblons song.
So I was just really good at doing the what was the name, Fred.
That guy. Yeah,
Fred, that's a faded sign at the side of the road.
Maybe, maybe I know what I would do,
because I actually think that they have it at sidetracks.
I would do Sissy That Walk.
Oh, that's fun. Yeah.
Because I'll sing that one in the car.
This is the last call for anybody who wants to call in our show tonight.
You know, it'd be great is if there was
like an instrumental you and I could do, I look fucking cool.
That was a Dordellano and Alaska.
Yeah.
Once I remember doing a duet one time, I don't remember who it was with.
I don't believe it was Miss Harper.
It might have been Princess Irene years ago,
but I remember singing the love the elephant love medley from Moulin Rouge.
You know, love lifts us up where we belong, like the inner it intermixes all
those songs. So, yeah, that was a lot of fun to sing.
So I made a threat against my mom today.
I said this actually relates me back to songs of that era, though.
I was like, I'm going to make you a CD of things that I think you like,
but I'm going to put Captain and Tino on it.
And she's like, no, because muskrat love.
All right. Well, since nobody seems to be
calling in, do we want to try to squeeze in one more story?
Loki, I know we had some stuff we had to cut tonight.
Yeah, we could talk about how Detective
Pikachu is the highest grossing video game movie of all time now.
It's past Warcraft.
Oh, which is good because it's a great movie.
Yeah, it was fun. Yep.
So it's brought in a total of four hundred and thirty six million dollars
the last weekend and pushes past the previous record,
which is four hundred thirty three million dollars by Warcraft.
I realized Warcraft made that much money.
I liked Warcraft. I didn't hate it.
Yeah, I saw it together. Yeah, I didn't hate it.
Like with as much as, you know, you seem to get a lot of crap.
Like, you know, it had its issues, but I didn't think it was.
I wish they'd make another one, but they won't.
And I'll be out on DVD and Blu-ray on September 16th.
Oh, shoot. Detective Pikachu. Yeah.
Oh, good. Good.
So just a warning, like I would say a week
after that's out on DVD and Blu-ray is when I can talk about spoilers
because there's still something about that movie I've not been able to talk about.
But I'm trying to I'm trying to behave myself.
I still haven't seen so I'm warning you.
You got a couple I'll say a couple of weeks after that DVD comes out.
And then then I'm talking spoilers.
So. All right.
Anyhow.
All right. Well, I guess that's going to do it.
We're about 745. That's about as long as I want to go tonight.
So I think we're about the time to get
everybody's final thoughts and wrap up our show tonight.
Hey, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry,
you know, please tell a friend or two about our show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices are not here to air, then we can't have them.
So please help us spread the word.
Auto hosts on Twitch go a long, long way.
So thank you. Thank you.
Those you guys to do that on Twitch with the hosting and all that.
Really appreciate it.
And also, I know we don't read them all when we're live, but I do see the subs
and the biddies and I know you get your recognition on the ticker bar and I'll
read them when we wrap up live only on Twitch.
But I just really just want to stress how much we here at VOG appreciate that,
especially because, you know, we were able to do flyers.
Thanks to the biddies and the subs.
We are hoping to do some new merchandise for Dragon Con.
We are looking at doing other stuff.
So it's just it's really, really exciting.
We were able to be a sponsor for Southern Pride Game Room.
Thanks to biddies and that that helped.
So, yeah, just want to say thank you.
Thank you. Thank you for all of that.
All right. Let's get final thoughts.
Loki, we'll start with you tonight.
Your final thought.
Final thought is I'm hoping to have some well,
I'm hoping to set up a local meet up for laser tag soon and I bought gear to.
To stream, well, not stream it, because I don't think I can do that with the gear
they have, but to record it, yeah, or camera it.
And my final thought would be, please send me your thoughts and prayers
that I don't get voted out tomorrow because it's not looking good tomorrow.
Tomorrow might be it, but we'll see.
Fingers, fingers crossed, toes crossed, too.
And last but not least, because it's me,
please remember to spay and neuter your neighbors and family members.
All right, that will do it.
Have a wonderful week until I get constipated.
Have a wonderful week, everybody. We'll see you next time.
Thank you so much.
And have a have a good week, everybody.
We'll be back next week for a full, full show.
Thanks for being with us for this abbreviated edition tonight.
Happy week gaming and everything like that.
And please take a moment to stop and go to the bathroom.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio,
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios to join us for a live show.
Tune in to Vogue Network Dotcom Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
