Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, our headlines include E3, ether show rumors, E3 playing, D3 teasers, and well, E3. Sound expected?
Then stay tuned instead to hear about Overwatch, more Project Rap Rabbit, and autonomous driving fears played out in gaming.
And yes, it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight on May the 21st of 2017, episode number 687 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E.
And joining me, as always, not just yet, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
She's literally on her way, she had another event just before the show tonight, so she'll be joining us in a few moments here as she comes in live.
But I do have some other folks here in the studio to say hello to, of course, Techmaster Loki!
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Hey, you got a brand new toy.
Yes I did.
It's shiny, it's shiny and it needed the wifi password.
Yes it did.
What is this? You bought a new laptop, right?
I bought a new laptop, yes.
And that keyboard kind of glows like my keyboard.
It's RGB, and it matches my Tron background that I have.
Oh, very cool. So what all went into it? So you got a new laptop because your other one was kind of...
My other one is kind of, it's full of malware, and I just didn't feel like redoing everything on it.
Also, it's overheating. I've had bad luck with old Asus laptops.
The old ones that they had, not so much the Republic of Gaming stuff that they have now, but the old ones were like not thermally designed well.
And so they would overheat. In fact, this was my first laptop, my first Asus laptop.
Pretty much melted when Titanfall hit it.
And then I had to buy this last one, which was a replacement.
It was kind of one I had to pick up.
It was whatever was available at Fry's at the time, and it was an AMD, an ATI...
Well, I guess it's an AMD chip now too. The GPU, CPU, and an APU processor.
I just wasn't all that satisfied with it. It was slightly better spec-wise than my old laptop.
But it was getting old. I mean, it was like a few years old when I bought it, and now it's three more years old and just needed something new.
So I got a brand new laptop. It's got like a Core i7 in it, 16GB of RAM, a GTX 1060 with 6GB of RAM.
Pretty much can run anything. Oh, and it has a 5TB hard drive in it because I'll never fucking fill that up.
You have more space on that than I do on my desktop that's not even that old.
Exactly.
That's a lot of porn. That's a lot of porn.
Yeah, it could be a lot of porn. But who downloads porn nowadays?
Oh, it's all streaming. Of course.
It's all available on the internet. There's really no point.
No, I mean, yeah. I could literally... I was backing up my laptop, my old one, and just kind of copying over what I needed.
Because most of it was just Unity Project stuff, and I didn't have to really move any games over because I needed to download that crap again.
But it felt like it was a lot of space, and I look at my hard drive's usage, and it's like, nothing.
It's like, come on. Is this it? Seriously?
Let me introduce our live chatroom, of course, because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern at The Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com, right after The Bobby Black Wolf Show.
And if you are listening live, you can join us in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
And Bobby Black Wolf, who I just referred to, says in chat, or I should say asks, what's the Wi-Fi password?
It's blackwolfsucks123!
Because, you know, all passwords have to have numbers and punctuation in them.
Bobby's also asking, does Loki's old laptop make him want to cry?
Like, did you get hit with want to cry? Is that why?
No, I didn't want to cry.
I'm the one at risk for that because I'm still on Windows XP, where all the IT people out there are going,
No, I've got, um, you know, I've got, it was, it should be still fine if I reset it.
It just runs really hot for no reason.
And I have my, you know, I bought a new laptop cooling pad for this laptop, but I think it's too small.
But for the other one, it actually works really well.
So, I may just end up wiping it, putting Minecraft on, give it to my son or something, you know, to use.
Oh, that's a, that's a cute idea. Like, put little kitty games.
I mean, it can still run, I mean, that's what I was playing Minecraft on.
Make him learn the way we did. Put Number Munchers, Odell Lake, put the classics.
He's already playing other stuff. I mean, he's got the Wii U and everything. He's not going to go for that.
But, um, yeah, I mean, it was just, I don't know, like, it has, like, some Chromium malware thing on it right now that's really pissing me off.
And I tried removing it. I think that's what kind of borked a bunch of stuff.
So, I just said, ah, fuck it. I'm not going to worry about fixing this laptop right now. It's kind of falling apart.
Just going to get a new one in. I got a great deal. This one is actually used.
I mean, it's practically brand new, except for, like, a couple tiny scratches on the top of the case, which is, like, who gives a shit?
Um, and it's fantastic. It's a, uh, Electrix, or, um, I think they call them, like, they go by a bunch of different names.
Clevo is another one. It's basically, it's Clevo shells. They have these laptop shells that a bunch of different companies fill with components.
And they're really nice. I mean, just no, um, bloatware installed on it. Just a clean copy of Windows.
And it just runs fantastic. I played, you know, Grand Theft Auto fully maxed out at, like, over 60 frames per second yesterday.
I was like, I can't even run this game on my old laptop. It was fucking awesome.
All right. Well, I'm going to ask you about some of the games you've been playing on your new laptop.
But I figure that's probably best to hold on to How Was Your Gaming Week, which we'll get to in a little while.
I'm going to have you start us with our kickoff topic in a little bit, though, with that story that we have.
But first, of course, I want to introduce our other folks in the studio here while we still wait for Dark Soccer to arrive.
We have folks that you've heard on the show plenty of times before say hello to JD, joining us again tonight.
Hi.
Hi. How are you?
Doing pretty well.
Yeah, good, good. What's new with you since the last time we saw you?
I moved to Japantown.
That's right. So you're within walking distance of all that fun stuff that's, you know, everybody likes to crash San Francisco in the area during the Sakura Cherry Blossom Festival, right?
Yeah, I actually moved during the second weekend of that.
Oh, of that. What good timing.
I'm sure that was a lot of fun. Just pull up the U-Haul right next to all that other...
Made it work.
Yeah, you made it work. Good, good. You survived?
I think so.
And now you're within walking distance of that cute little arcade there that has, like, pop-in music and some of our old music game favorites, right?
Yeah. Two pop-ins, a DDRX3, a Rhythm Tengoku arcade, which is not something I'd seen anywhere else, and a Taiko... I think it's Taiko 9.
Nice. Well, that's fun. So, congrats on the move. And good thing you got out of the city this weekend because Beta Breakers is going on right now, or was earlier today, right?
Yeah, it was today. It's a mess.
A lot of people are probably still hungover. If you don't know what this is, it's like only in San Francisco is Beta Breakers. It's...
Alan is also joining us. Hubby, Alan is here.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
You were about to explain for us what Beta Breakers is.
I was gonna say it's sort of a race question mark. A silly walk fitness question mark.
Basically, they walk from the west side to the east side... no, east side to the west side of San Francisco in costumes, and there's lots of day drinking, and lots of people are naked, and it's basically... it just shuts down the city and makes traffic a shit show.
Sounds very San Francisco. Anyway, let me talk to JD a little more, and I'm gonna come back to you, Alan, in a little bit for our little kickoff topic tonight.
But JD, so I guess this kind of gets into our gaming week a little bit, but I know you've been playing console stuff as has I. We have other things we can talk about, but you and I took a little arcade adventure yesterday.
Yeah.
We went out to the arcade that I talked about a couple weeks ago on the show, where... because I wanted you to be able to play Pump It Up, which I knew they had. I wanted you to see this little bootleg machine that took over our show for two weeks, right?
I wanted you to see like all the cool stuff they had. And then, so we got there and found that there's more, like the machines have been mating.
There was now a Sound Voltex machine and a U-Beat. Two of them. Two U-Beats. Which is kind of the one...
Is this all like, what's his name? The guy that...
It is.
I thought so, because he keeps moving his machines.
All the stuff that used to... it's like the presence that used to be at Scandi is now over here. It took us a little while to figure that out, but that's apparently what's happening.
Well, his name is on the Sound Voltex machine.
Yes.
When you log in with EMUs, like it says it's his.
Yeah, yeah. Which I finally got to play Sound Voltex for the first time. Because every time I go to round one, like even when we go early, we'll go to round one like open.
Because that's when it's the least crowded, right? We always go to these things early. That's what old people do. They get up early and they go to mall walks, right?
They walk around the mall. So we did the mall walking at round one. And there's actually the Sound Voltex machines will also have people on them that early.
So I usually never am able to get in and play that game, but I was finally able to play it. It was fun. I liked it. I still kind of like... I kind of like Neon FM a little more, I think.
Which might be... I don't know. That might be Sacrilegion, some circles. I don't know. Maybe it's just because this...
They're different games.
They're very different games. They're also very different song lists. And I don't... it's hard to explain. Like I just don't... like the J-pop stuff doesn't resonate with me the way that it used to.
I mean, a good portion of the song list these days is Vocaloid and Toho, so...
That's very true as well, so. But what was I gonna say? So I... but when I played Neon FM, like my hands were hurting. Like just from slamming all the... you know, because it's basically... it's basically pop music, but like, you know, five...
With flat pads instead of popping out buttons.
But I had a good time. So we had a good time on our arcade adventure. Was there a favorite thing that you played?
Oh, man. You know... I think it's probably... I'm gonna be lame. It's... it's... it was a tie between the StepMania cabinet and the DDR 2014.
Because you're old school. You like dancing. Even though those pads were moving as you were dancing. That's so funny.
Oh, man. Yeah. They... so I played doubles a lot. And these pads were not anchored down nearly enough. So I was playing and they moved probably like a foot and a half or something. And I had to move them back after each song.
Alright.
I thought they had feet on those things. They probably do, but they weren't using them.
They weren't planted down very well. Alright. Well, I'm going to introduce here because she walked into the studio as we were having that little discussion.
Hi, Dark Soccer or Jamie Summers.
Hi, I'm on Sister Time.
Oh, because you're running late. I got it. I was like, wait a minute, wait a minute. I've heard... I've heard gay time. I've heard a lot of different, you know, descriptions for why somebody runs late, but Sister Time.
That's the same family.
Yeah, it's all in the same family. It really is. I thought you'd still have full white face like I saw on Facebook earlier.
I actually came home relatively in enough time, but I was so exhausted that I passed out. Like I sat on my bed. I washed my face off. Everything was fine. I sat on my bed. Midna comes in and then dead.
The heat here right now is no joke though. Like it's already summer weather.
We had some nice shade. We were all shady.
Of course.
But I got to meet some of the San Francisco sisters and made some new friends.
Good.
And it was just nice seeing, you know, seeing the smiles and recognition and people seeing their mood light up by having the sisters and pride.
In that freaking heat. I mean, the fact that you guys did all that.
That wasn't terrible.
Really? That's good.
Well, out in the sun. Yeah, it was terra bad. But in the shade, it was really nice. We sat out. We had wine.
Okay. That's why you passed out drinking in this heat.
Girl.
No, I had like a little sippy cup of wine with a straw in it because I was wearing white face.
So I was drinking my Prosecco through a straw, which is classy as fuck.
Like a lady.
Like a lady.
Yeah.
But there was like a nice like an Italian ice place. It was really yummy.
Oh, yeah.
Especially in the weather. And I found out that lemon and cherry mix very well.
Yes, they do.
And there were vendors there and there was no parade because it's Davis.
Right.
But there were lots of vendors there and people singing and cheerleaders.
Mm hmm.
You know, they would like you pay them a dollar for their cheer thing and they would do a jump or a cartwheel.
One of the gals from Drag Race was supposed to be there, right? Trinity?
Trinity was supposed to be there, but I didn't see her.
Oh, that's too bad.
But I also left when the things were still going on because I as a postulant, I have to stay with my big sister or at least one of the other sisters.
And since they were all leaving to go to the coronation tonight or the investment for the local court, I got the OK to stay with the San Francisco sisters.
So we just hung out dishing and it was great.
It's a lip sync. What part of that don't you understand?
Just kidding.
OK. OK.
It just clicked for her. It just clicked for her when I was raising.
No, no, no, no, no, no, don't because some people haven't watched it.
All right.
All right. I'm just going to say this.
I am disappointed doubly.
Video games.
This is a video game show.
The other show is about this.
But that bitch.
All right. Anyway.
OK.
I had a Tyra moment.
I had a Tyra moment.
We all did. We all did.
All right. Look.
Speaking of that bitch, Alan.
Just kidding.
Hearts.
How have you been?
We haven't heard from you in a while.
Fine.
I know your day's office switched around a little bit.
I'm on a new schedule.
Yeah, you're able to you're able to join us now on Sunday night.
So I like that a lot.
So I want to talk VR with you a little bit.
So you got a new toy this week, right?
Yes.
Tell us a little bit about it.
I got a Galaxy S8 on launch day.
And they had it because my my previous phone was literally dying and I was practically unusable.
So the timing was great.
And they had a promotion where if you got a Galaxy S8,
which is the first phone that they've released since the Note 7 like was blowing up,
like in people's hands and spraying, spraying battery acid everywhere.
So this was kind of a big deal release.
Literally banned in all airports.
Yeah.
And you got if you got the S8 in a certain window, you got a Gear VR, which is Samsung's at home
Oculus equivalent VR device that uses your phone.
You actually pop your phone into the front of it.
And it arrived Thursday and I've been messing around with it.
So tell us a little bit about what you like what you've been using the device for.
I did get a code that had a bunch of like cheap games on it for free.
I've been checking them out and I bought a couple for like four or five bucks each.
You've been spending money on that? No, I'm just kidding.
My favorite one so far is the scary one.
Not because it's scary, but I just feel like the way that the hand controller is used as your flashlight
and the way the VR looks when you're walking through the house.
What's the name of it? Do you know?
Affected the Manner.
Okay.
There are three other or two other episodes, but they're for the Oculus proper
because the Oculus Rift you hook up to a PC, I believe, and the PC runs the game.
Yeah, right.
And it's pipe to the thing. This all has to be run on your phone.
So even though the S8 is, I think, the strongest processing power of all the phones on the market,
at least I would hope it is, it's still not going to be at the level of what an Oculus can do
simply because you hook an Oculus up to a computer.
And Tiger Claw on our chat is asking, is it the regular S8 or the S8 Plus?
S8 Plus.
Yeah, I was going to say you have the larger phone like I do with the iPhone 6 Plus.
They do have, I don't know if you've tried it yet, they have something that you can actually run on your PC
and stream it to your phone like actual Oculus proper games using that.
Oh.
Something to try.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, I wonder how that would.
Since you probably have a pretty powerful PC then, you know, that might.
Yeah.
Or you could use Bluetooth or Wi-Fi or whatever.
Yeah, you could even use my PC to do it too because we just upgraded mine.
I was trying to get you to play one or two games before the show so you could talk about it a little.
Yeah, I've had a lot of personal stuff going on today so I wasn't able to get around to doing that.
But I'm curious to check it out.
But let's.
Okay, look.
This is Orange Tons Radio.
Y'all heard the warning in the beginning.
This is an adult audiences show.
Yeah.
So let's not hold back because everybody fucking knows what we did with that thing first.
Yes.
Of course, it's VR porn.
I mean, that's.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
That's what we did at the Oculus Dev Kids.
Let's look at porn on this.
Ding, ding, ding.
Even Bobby Black Wolf and his family friendly show.
Fantastic.
He knows.
It's like so weird.
I mean.
It's not sexy.
That man knows.
That man knows.
The very first time I saw this VR stuff, you know, he was like, okay, here's the roller coaster sim.
And isn't that kind of neat?
And here's the, okay, here's the walk around the house and look at all this stuff, sim.
And then, you know, I'm doing all these things.
He's like, all right, I know you want to see the porn.
Here's the porn.
So I got to see.
You just need to combine the two because everyone does the roller coasters and porn.
We need a porno coaster.
And then you download, you know, glory, hallelujah.
Is that what, is that what y'all sang in church today, sisters?
All right.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
Well, on that note, believe it or not, here's the thing.
Bobby Black Wolf being a heterosexual male.
I know that the porn I was going to see on that was going to be, you know, a lady who is going to walk over and
fillet me in the first person.
And that was, that was what the porno was that I watched.
However, I don't know if any, I'm sure any podcast has talked about VR and VR porn probably has talked about that.
But has any podcast talked about gay pornography in the VR?
Because we're about to go there, ladies and gentlemen.
I know it exists.
Yes, it exists.
And I'm not going to get super detailed, but I didn't say Alan wouldn't get it super detailed.
Alan, tell us about the gay porn on the VR.
The fact that it's first person so that it's happening in quotey fingers to you is very strange and jarring because everything is up close in your face.
Like, you see everything.
You see, you see glory, glory, hallelujah.
You see Christmas and New Year's.
And it's like, there are certain models that probably don't want to be in front of that camera because they're like, you know what, my butthole isn't that photogenic.
You could tell that was a freshly waxed vehicle.
Yes.
Like that was just, it was a bit much.
And they say that that bleaching it is an urban legend, but I'm convinced that it's real because I think this boy had it done.
Anyway.
And basically, I hear the clicks across America in the world of people shutting off the show.
Those are like clicks.
I hope, I hope.
But anyway, dialing it back just a little bit.
Like, what, what?
These things are all like first person and all that.
But here's, here's the $50,000 question.
Is it hot?
No.
So the other thing that threw me off about it was that it was just a static video.
Like, I mean, it was, it wasn't interactive at all.
And I mean, when we were talking about VR and this heavily immersive experience, I was kind of expecting to have more agency.
You know, like, you can see, like, even in the lobby of the Oculus, you walk around, you look at things, you do stuff, it responds to you.
This was just, it felt like a 3D movie or something.
And it wasn't.
There are some that have 360 view where if you want to turn your back on the boy wanking in the bed and just look out the window, you can.
Yeah.
You're like, ooh, I'm sorry.
What have I done with my life?
I'm interrupting you.
You're like, I'll give you some privacy and you turn around.
I feel like it needed to go farther to do something for me.
Yeah.
And when I, I started laughing and when I put, I'm like, you have to watch this one.
Cause I found some free trailers that were like 40 seconds long.
You were like screaming.
I was, I was screaming, laughing, like doing the full on, like, like I just, I, it was, it was funny.
Porn's funny.
It's not hot.
It's not hot at all.
At all.
And I thought maybe like, it's going to be a scene just in 3d where I'm like this weird ghost person watching them, but no, it's through the perspective of it happening to you, which makes it far more shocking.
It's like the, it's like the first time I can look down and not see my stomach just hanging there.
You're like, oh, I have abs.
I want, I want it for this.
That was the hottest fucking part of it.
Get, get the, get the other guy out of the way.
I want to look down and see abs.
JV wants to jump in here.
See, now I have to invent glory.
Hallelujah.
Because it would come with like, it would come with a peripheral.
Yeah, I bet it would bitch.
It would come with an interactive peripheral that's based off of stimulation from the game.
Copyright Jamie forever.
That's, that's where they've already beat you to it because they already have devices that work with those, those, we saw that three years ago.
The E3, feel three or whatever that thing was.
I think that was before VR.
I didn't think that had like attachments.
You just did it.
That thing had like a little wanker.
Like what is, what do they call that thing?
The wank mode.
No.
The flashlight.
Thank you.
It's a flesh, I knew you'd know it.
It was, it was a fleshlight type attachment that you used when you were doing that, but it was more like a second life type of game, I think.
Yeah, it was.
And I remember boy play girl, whatever, but see, but see that, that I want to make that an OLR dream game now.
All right.
And I, but to, to defend Bobby's honor a little bit, he is in chat saying, Rob, I would have totally had it available for you if it was around and I was showing you the DK one.
They just had, it's true that didn't come around.
They hadn't invented gay porn yet.
That came later.
There's just one website that I found.
Yeah.
Cause I was like, there's gotta be something.
Exactly right.
And I just found this one site.
Yeah.
So the games that I have.
Oh yeah.
Video games.
Right.
Well, one issue that I have, especially with affected the manner, the scary game is that they're all, they're like basically four different paths.
You can go down, but they all end ultimately the same way.
It's not really a game.
And I noticed that a lot of these VR experiences, they're not even like gone home or something where it's like a first person narrative.
You're sort of like walking through and like, Oh, this is trippy.
Oh, I really like how it uses the flashlight effect and then jump scare.
And then it's over.
And it's like, there's no puzzles.
And it's, that's not the only game that was like that.
And so it's kind of weird to find out, is this really a game or is this just like a neat thing to last me like 20 minutes of just.
I think it's still because all VR, all this VR stuff is still in that gimmick phase.
It's just like, you know, with the DS and we, and so they don't really know how to utilize the hardware well.
So it's all these experimental, like, Oh, that's a neat idea.
Let's do that a million times, you know, not really utilizing it in an innovative way.
Like I think right now, the best thing we have like for VR, probably Resident Evil 7 is probably going to be one of the strongest examples of like a AAA game done exclusively in VR.
Well, PlayStation VR is doing a lot right in that department.
But in, but in a way, I mean, just to be fair, you know, when we, when we talked a lot about this, when Facebook bought Oculus and it was like, Oh my God, why would Facebook do this?
And that all this stuff.
And we were kind of like, well, wait a minute, maybe there's more to VR than just gaming.
So to be fair, you know, a lot of these experiences and videos, you know, I know we're having fun talking about porn, but we've, we've seen other stuff in VR too.
I mean, I remember seeing a Cirque du Soleil thing.
I saw like the, the last Paul McCartney concert at Candlestick Park, you know, before they closed Candlestick Park down, they, there was a VR thing for that.
So like, you know, it's definitely shown that there can be experiences.
And I would think, especially when it comes to mobile devices and stuff, games are not going to be the strong point of mobile devices.
It's going to be these more like immersive, like, Oh, it's almost like I was there type of experience.
You know, like I'm surprised maybe that did exist, but Coachella didn't have like a VR thing where you could be a Coachella virtually.
It probably did exist.
I just didn't see it.
There's this thing on here like that where it's Major Lazer and Diplo.
Yeah.
And watch him on stage.
But now you go to PlayStation and PlayStation's bread and butter is games.
So I would hope that the strongest stuff over there is going to be games.
And so far that does seem to be true between Resident Evil 7.
It's hit and miss.
A lot of people love the rush of blood.
I love rush of blood.
I think that's for if you're going to get PlayStation VR, pick that up first.
Twenty bucks.
Great value for what you get.
It's such a great game.
Well, and then Thumper was one because I'm thinking of that.
I was thinking that because that came out on Switch and JD.
You were thinking like, do I want to get because I like music games, but rhythm violence.
What the hell is that?
So I was like, all right, let's put this on because I have it on PlayStation four.
Let's play it.
And I was like, you have to imagine this in VR because it's like twice as good when it's in VR.
The thing about Thumper was that it just wasn't musical enough for me to really get going with it.
Like it was definitely rhythmic.
It's not J-pop.
Well, it wasn't even that.
There was no melody.
Yeah, like it was just all percussive.
And I'm like, you know, I can kind of keep the beat and stuff, but it just wasn't fun the same way.
Interesting because Bobby points out a lot of those videos are also available on PlayStation VR.
The Paul McCartney one is in the Jaunt VR app.
Well, I guess and I guess that doesn't make sense because technically, I mean, yes,
I say the PlayStation is bread and butter is games, but the reality is it's also a Netflix device.
They sell movies on it.
They do these this live events viewer thing that I'm sure later in the show, we'll talk about E3 and all that.
You know, that is all part of PlayStation stuff as well.
But even when it comes down to Sony, they're a media company.
That's true.
That's true. Not just televisions.
Then the Oculus is actually what powers the Gear VR.
Like it's their storefront and it's their, I guess, API or UI that you navigate on the phone.
So there are 3D movies like X-Men Days of Future Past that I could buy on this to see a 3D movie.
But the idea of even just laying in bed with this thing on my head watching a full movie for two hours seems very strange.
I don't want to I'd rather watch it on an at home 3D TV, which we have.
Yeah, but to be fair, it sucks.
Like the 3D TV, it sucks.
Those glasses don't even work anymore. It sucks.
The game that I was playing that was actually a really good puzzle game is called Rangi.
And I don't want to say it's portalesque, but basically you're in a room and you see the door that you're supposed to exit through and the color tile above the door is orange.
And you look and you see like a blue beam and a red beam and a yellow beam.
Well, if you're trying to get the color orange, the blue beam is like a red hair.
Like you don't care about the blue beam because you want to slide these tiles over so that the red and the yellow merge.
And then you direct the orange beam at the door and then the door unlocks and you go to the next room.
That I thought was really cool because you look up and you're like, oh, there's a cliff up there.
So then you click and you teleport up there and you find that there's another tile for you to flip to reflect the laser or whatever.
I thought that was a neat game. So I want to play more of that.
And then I have Drop Dead, which is a zombie game, but it's more like Time Crisis or where you lower your thing to reload and it's very fast and the zombies are just running at you.
So it's not really scary at all.
And Dragonfront, which is kind of like chess meets Magic the Gathering, but it's in, of course, 3D VR.
So you take your card and you put it down and it pops up and it turns into a little knight.
Oh, it's like I have judgment.
Yeah. Yeah.
Wow. OK.
Well, that. Yeah. But those had a real element to it. This is all in a virtual space.
Fair enough. Yeah.
But it's neat.
Now, let me ask this question.
I was going to say I wanted to try to get the Power Rangers thing they have for it to show Shane because the first we're like, hey, Shane, I have a gear VR.
There's porn on it. And he was immediately like, I'm not listening to anything you're ever going to say after this.
Right. Shutting down.
We offended his delegate sensibilities.
Right.
But I imagine if I had the Power Rangers movie VR experience on it, he would have tried it.
Gimme, gimme, gimme.
It's exclusive to some weird device that's also competing in the Oculus gear VR space.
So I don't remember. Bobby might know.
Was it a dream?
I think possibly.
So, yeah, I was looking for that, but I'm like, no, it's an exclusive because I want to see Power Rangers in VR.
Well, thank you for playing some games in VR and, you know, telling us a little bit about it, especially since I failed to do so this week.
But let me ask this.
So since you have been doing a little bit of VR gaming this week, you're now the show's VR expert.
Oh, I guess, I guess, Loki.
Also, you said conditionally that the only reason why you were trying it out the first night that I got it is because it literally uses my phone and the device so that I couldn't record you using it.
That was only when we were watching Christmas and New Year's.
So, okay.
So what was I gonna say? Oh, I know.
So let me ask this about your kind of VR experience.
So games that you play a lot of online, Mass Effect Andromeda, I know is one you're still playing a lot.
Despite everything we talked about, about that show in the past, or about that game in the past couple of weeks, you are still very loyal to Andromeda.
Yes.
You play multiplayer and all that stuff, right?
Would you play something like that in a VR space?
Does that appeal to you, being able to, you know, obviously, I know your phone doesn't have that power, but let's just put all that aside.
Let's assume that the capability was there that you could play something like Andromeda in a VR space, would you?
I would feel like, because when I'm in a space to play an RPG like that, I'll put in a couple hours worth and I just can't, even if I've trained myself up to being used to having the VR thing on my face for that long.
I just, it's so, I mean, it is isolating. You've got this thing on your head.
So I think it's going to be mostly a casual experience until they become more like glasses that you can slide on and off.
I don't know how to describe it.
I'm trying to think of a game that I play now. Like, I was looking for a music game.
Like, of course, Rez would be incredible on this, but again, that's very, like, you do a stage, then the stage is over, then you can stop.
Right.
So it's very, it's broken down into little bite-sized pieces.
And that's actually kind of my thing with it too, is that actually, well, I don't know, I think I might just need to calibrate it better for my head because I was getting a lot of the double vision stuff.
Yeah, you shouldn't be getting that at all.
My eyes were shifting in and out of focus, like really bad.
And I think, and that like can really give me a headache after a few minutes, at least with this particular device.
But, you know, I actually, I would say, you know, I realize it isn't VR, it's completely different.
But one of the better experiences I had was with HoloLens, because those were like glasses you put on your head and they didn't like pull on my eyes or any of that stuff.
Like, that's why I was able, I did that whole mystery game thing that Bobby had me go through.
And that was a lot of fun. And I was able to, that was a good, maybe 30 minutes that, you know, and I didn't feel anything after that.
Whereas five minutes of all the stuff we were doing, I was like, okay, I need, I need to take a break.
Yeah.
So, let's see. I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Bobby answers your question here.
The Power Rangers stuff is only on Qualcomm's, Qualcomm's, oops, Snapdragon VR platform.
Okay.
Which literally nobody has.
SSG100Matt says, I've seen the VR porn on the Gear VR. It's really meh and more ridiculous than anything.
I wasn't expecting anything ridiculous.
The other thing I got too, which you might want to try, it's, there's this Google Card, or a thing that allow you play Google Cardboard apps as well using that.
That's another good one to get because there's a lot more that's available through the Google Play Store.
And Google's own home VR thing is coming out soon, I think. The Dream or no?
No, Dream's already out with the Pixel.
Okay.
That was the first phone that, but now, I mean, we'll get into it a little bit later, but like the Samsung Galaxy S8 is going to support Dream as well.
I mean, I don't know. It's just, it's basically, they're trying to make like a platform, okay, these phones are powerful enough to run this.
Kind of like how these graphics cards are VAR ready type thing. These phones are VR ready or VR AR ready or something like that.
What was the puzzle game that I played a bit of? Do you remember?
Lands End.
That one was really cool.
Which you liked.
Yeah. It reminded me a lot of Monument Valley a bit with the kind of episodic do a little bit of a puzzle here and then move on to the next area.
But it was really pretty. Like it takes place on a beach. And I mean, I'm a sucker for that kind of environment.
But it was mostly like just connecting line puzzles, but I thought it was fun, at least the first area.
Yeah. And I need to check that out because I think you've played that more than me.
And then I downloaded this one thing called Groove VR, Groover, thinking it was a music game.
But basically it's a very, it's like you're floating and there's like the sort of sea punk, like dolphins going through the sky.
And it's like, I don't smoke enough weed or take shrooms to be, for this to be enjoyable.
But it plays techno music and you're kind of just floating through and there's like a big Buddha statue with like green smoke coming out of its eyes.
I'm like, all right, this is like, it's like, yeah, yeah, we get it. You vape.
Yeah. It's basically, think of it as a 3D black light poster. That's exactly what it is.
It's a 3D black light poster. So, yeah, that's all. It's a thing that I have.
All right. No, I do want to try more of it when real life settles down a little bit.
But yeah, I mean, that's yeah. I'm glad that you brought VR into the house. Bobby's probably very glad you brought VR into the house.
So I'm curious to try out more stuff that isn't, you know, laughable.
Yeah. After you get this laptop, it sounds like, oh, hey, I maybe I should get a vibe. They saw $800 and like, fuck that noise.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. But I'm going to give Dark Sakura her mic back now so you can participate in the show.
All right. Well, thank you for being here, Alan. Appreciate it.
You're welcome. All right. Find some more porn. All right. Let me ask, we had a story about VR here.
We want to do at the top of the show too on a related note, right?
Yeah. Yeah. We can talk about that.
Yeah. So maybe the whole Google IO thing, which is pretty cool because I actually watched that a bit and there was some exciting announcements there showing off.
Of course, they talked a bit about VR, talking about, you know, the Google Dream platform or Daydream platform.
And some of the things they announced with that, as I mentioned, that they're adding the Galaxy S8 to the lineup of phones that are going to be supporting it.
There's also a new LG phone that's supporting it. I don't remember which phone it was, but a new LG phone is also going to be supporting the platform.
They're saying that they're also working on some standalone devices. So some that you won't actually need a phone to be able to play VR content on.
Which, I mean, it's a good idea, I guess, as long as they're significantly cheaper than the phones.
Because honestly, if you're going to need a phone, the devices themselves aren't really that expensive.
I mean, even if you're not necessarily picking up a Dream or the Daydream or the Gear VR, I mean, you can get cheap ass cardboard for pretty much nothing.
I mean, so, I don't know. But yeah, these standalone devices are saying they're not going to require a phone or PC.
Instead, you're going to be getting VR as simple as putting on the actual headset.
And it's going to be optimized for VR and include new headset tracking technology called WorldSense.
Which is positional tracking without all the extra sensors.
So it sounds like a lot, kind of what they're talking about with Microsoft's, the headsets that they're making for them.
Where it's going to be using, instead of having external cameras tracking the actual headset, the headset's tracking kind of the environment.
It also kind of sounds like the console of VR in a way, right? Because that's what consoles are, right?
They hook up directly to your TV and it's a game-dedicated device.
Honestly though, I mean, that's cool if you're going to launch that.
But I'm wary, just even with what's available on the Oculus Store and what's available on the Play Store.
There's not really anything that justifies having a standalone device using this.
Unless it's going to take a lot of that PC stuff.
But then you're just kind of like, well, how much is this thing really going to cost?
And if it's going to run PC content.
I just have a hard time seeing how that would be worth it.
I'm getting a little worried too, and I have been for some time.
And you all know this is my concern, is that I'm really worried this VR pool is super diluted right now.
Like, I'm not saying there should be only one player in VR.
Like, I'm not saying that at all.
But I'm having a really hard time keeping track of all these different devices.
I'm having to defer to Bobby Blackwell constantly.
What's that thing called? What's the Power Rangers thing on?
I just don't fucking know, and I kind of think that's a problem.
I don't know, I guess if I asked a non-video gamer what are the consoles available.
They would not be able to say off the top of their head,
Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch.
They would not be able to do that.
I just can't help but feel like we've got so many choices that that can't be productive, right?
But with that said though, what they're showing off with the AR stuff actually is really cool.
So with the whole visual positioning service that they're basically putting into these phones,
it allows it to basically kind of track your movement and everything based on your environment.
And because they know where you are based on your GPS, and they kind of know what you're looking at with their contextual AI,
they're able to do kind of some neat stuff.
So for example, one of the things that they showed off is like,
okay, you're looking at a restaurant on the street and you get kind of a pop-up showing,
okay, here are the reviews for this restaurant.
It knew what you were looking at. It was kind of like, okay, showing you information about that.
And so I can see that being kind of cool, especially if the tracking gets better.
I mean, you could do all sorts of cool stuff with that with AR.
So that's kind of what I think is a little bit more interesting.
I'm all for them putting more money into the VR stuff.
The other cool thing they were showing off was also this AR pioneer program.
So what that was is basically AR for classrooms.
So they had these sets that looked like they were on selfie sticks with a phone,
and they were actually doing different educational experiences.
So, okay, we're going to see what a tornado looks like,
or we're going to look at the galaxy or watch a volcano,
and they can walk around and look at it.
And I was like, that's pretty cool.
For kids, that's really going to get them engaged and kind of learning everything.
So that's kind of cool.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Again, showing my age here a little bit,
but I lived through that age when VHS devices were new in the homes.
I was young, like five, six, but still.
And I remember just educational tapes so that I could watch Leonard Nimoy
animating a movie.
And yes, this was a real tape that I had, these little science films,
where they would show pictures of traveling to Neptune,
or obviously there's only so much they have they put on the film.
But you guys know kind of where I'm going with this.
I think a lot of times they would show it to you through the telescope, whatever.
But as a kid, I remember like, holy shit, you could see these planets on my TV.
And that was technology when I was younger, 30 years ago when I was that age.
And now the fact that, okay, now the technology is like,
okay, now we put you on the fucking surface of Mars,
because we can do that, but that's still really cool for the kids.
The price of this technology is going to get cheaper and cheaper.
So we imagine these standalone headsets later on when,
okay, hey, we're going to visit the surface of Mars
because we actually have photographs of fucking Mars
that we can stitch together into some VR thing.
And I'm pretty sure that's probably already out there.
You can already do that.
But, you know, more mainstream where you can actually have kids experience that.
And that's kind of cool.
It's like you're literally visiting the surface of another planet.
I'm trying to parse some of this stuff in chat here over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, SG100Matt says,
I could see the good in there being a lot of choices.
It forces everyone with a VR device to try to outdo the other and innovate.
Competition can lead to more or quicker innovation
as long as they see it's beneficial.
Kaijuto in chat says,
VR is not diluted at all.
It's like one day there isn't enough for VR,
the next there is too much for it.
Make up your minds, lol.
VR is fine and growing.
I mean, okay, yeah, VR is growing.
But I just, you know, if I wanted to start with VR, where should I go?
There's so many options right now.
I would assume, for me, I would go to PlayStation VR
simply because I'm a gamer and that's, you know.
I think it's going to be pretty interesting.
Especially now that you have Microsoft kind of,
they're going to base an operating system around VR AR.
I think once that stuff starts hitting,
I mean, God, in a decade's time we could be all using VR stuff as a PC.
You know, we're going to be going to work and using this virtual space.
And that's not going to be a weird thing.
Come on, confide in me and chat says,
I wonder if someday we'll be able to use AR to unlock a cute guy's private pics.
Like, woof, scruff, unlock his pics.
You know, be careful what you ask for because here's the thing.
I mean, look, everything is going to come back to the whole time to penis
and porn thing at the end of the day.
But, you know, I could see definitely like one place where VR is going,
especially with Facebook's involvement in this whole thing is,
you know, like your Facebook newsfeed.
You know, right now you can broadcast live video on Facebook, right?
And, you know, I don't see a whole lot of exciting, exciting stuff in there.
Like usually it's just a friend either playing a Blizzard game
because it's integrated or talking about their day.
Or I have one friend that will do drunk cooking,
which I think is a big thing on YouTube too.
They'll get on their Facebook feed and drink and cook to do that.
But I would think it's only a matter of time before in VR,
you could be at somebody's wedding that you couldn't be there in real life.
But you could still attend it in VR through Facebook streaming
and Oculus and all this tech.
Like I don't think the technology is obviously not totally there yet,
but like it's close.
And as the cost of all this stuff,
I mean, could you do that today?
Yes, you probably could.
But could your grandma easily see it?
Probably not.
But as the cost of this technology comes down and down and down
in the next few years, we're going to be there pretty quick.
So it's just interesting.
Anyway.
All right.
And some folks in our chat are complaining.
I guess our servers are having a little bit of a hiccup,
but it's not on our end.
It's on the server's end because we're still streaming
a consistent amount of data.
And more importantly, we didn't pop out of chat.
That's usually a good sign.
If it's on our end, we'll get disconnected from chat.
And that didn't happen.
But we're going to just try to push forward with our show anyway.
RageNator in chat says the servers are drunk cooking apparently.
Apparently.
Apparently that's happening.
All right.
Anyway, lots of good VR talk.
I'm sure there's going to be plenty more.
Plenty more.
E3 is around the corner.
Who knows?
I'm excited to see some more PlayStation VR announcements.
Yeah, I'm excited.
And I would like to see if Microsoft might be taking the next step
with HoloLens.
I'm assuming no because Scorpio is going to be their focus this year.
Just please don't announce a complete redesign of the PlayStation VR
headset because I'm going to feel a little bit pissed off
if that's going to be the case.
Yeah, well.
I don't have one yet, so they could do that.
But anyway.
No, I get it.
I get it.
All right.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
that we have been playing this week.
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
It was very light, just given work's been so busy.
But I played some World of Warcraft, some Pokemon Go, Miitomo.
Good lord.
And I played a lot of Bust-A-Move.
Like I played for like an hour and a half on like endless mode
and never lost.
And I was like, where did the fucking time go?
And then I realized that it went down the drain along with the rest
of my free time.
So that's really it.
Not a whole bunch.
Although Shane's trying to get me into this room 999 game.
Oh, yeah.
He's been talking about that.
He said, I don't know a lot about it.
I keep trying to get him to come back to the show to talk about it.
He said he's going to lend it to me.
It's like an escape room as a video game is what he kind of
described it to me as.
It looks like it was up my alley because of the light down in Roompa.
That's kind of funny because I thought escape rooms were based
on Flash games to begin with.
Like the Crimson Room?
Or the Red Room?
Yeah, like all those little Japanese Flash games where it's like
you're stuck in a room and you have to put the clues together.
I thought that's what they did.
The real life escape room was based on.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange
Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase LAMP.
I thought when I heard, this is a while back when we were like
selling that game, I thought it was like Saw.
If I remember, maybe I'm thinking...
It's kind of, from what I understand, it's a mix.
There is some Saw-like elements to it.
But the first thing I told Shane was I hate those movies.
But he says it's not like in-your-face gore.
It's kind of like off-camera type of thing.
So I was like, alright, I guess I could probably handle that.
I mean, if I can play Silent Hill, I can handle some of it.
So, anyway.
Alright, well then, if that's it for Dark Soccer's Gaming Week,
let's talk about Loki's Gaming Week.
So, I played a few mobile games.
So, of course, more office space, idle profits.
Because it's still entertaining.
A little bit of Pokemon Go.
Although, I got to say, this event that they did
was like some rock-type adventure event thing.
It's pretty lame.
I guess we just have a lot of rock-type Pokemon around here already.
So, it's just like, it's the same shit.
I didn't notice anything. It's like, oh, more Rhyhorns.
Hooray.
That's how the water and grass events were for me in San Francisco.
It's the same, it's just if you have what's already there,
you're not going to see a difference.
I just wish they would, yeah.
Well, they have like, oh, there's going to be an Aerodactyl.
Okay, cool. I don't have that.
Let's catch that.
Nope. Not seeing that anywhere.
Fucking liars.
So, yeah, it's been alright.
I mean, I don't know.
It's not as exciting as some of the other events that they've had.
So, I'll just look forward to the next one, I guess.
And then, of course, I got the new laptops.
So, I've been just slowly loading some stuff on there.
Probably going to do some modded Skyrim,
because now I can mod the hell out of it and do all the fancy EMB stuff.
But, haven't bothered to do that just yet.
I did try a couple things.
One of the last games I picked up was a game called,
it's hardly a game, but it's an application called Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator.
It's basically this Unity game where you put tons of units down
and you watch them battle against each other.
So, you can do ridiculous shit like,
okay, it's a thousand T-Rexes versus some Archers and stuff like that.
And it's just fun to watch.
So, I did that for about ten minutes.
I'm like, okay, I've seen that.
Now, I'm going to go do something else.
So, of course, it's been a while since I went back to Grand Theft Auto.
And so, I picked up Grand Theft Auto 5 and I loaded on there.
And I started playing through the story again.
So, it looks fantastic on my laptop.
And, yeah, I mean, I'm probably going to pick up Overwatch.
I was going to pick it up this weekend,
but I think we're going to get into a new story about it later.
I'm going to wait a couple days, which is probably a good idea.
We can say the free weekend's coming up.
Yeah, the free weekend's coming up,
and then they're doing a game of the year edition.
So, I'll pick up the game of the year edition when it comes out.
And then Forza Horizon 3, I'm probably going to pick that up.
I was going to pick up an Xbox One controller to go with it,
but my fucking god, those are expensive.
I still use the 360 controller.
It was like 80 bucks for the controller that doesn't fucking have a rechargeable battery.
You've got to buy a rechargeable battery for another 25.
I'm like, why? I can either buy Forza Horizon or this controller.
I'll just use the 360 controller.
I don't need the fucking trigger rumbles.
So, I'm just going to hold off on that.
But I'll eventually pick up Forza Horizon 3 because it looked pretty cool
and I think it should run pretty well on this.
Yeah, so, I mean, that's it.
Awesome.
All right, let's go to JD. How was your gaming week?
And, JD, you've been really quiet tonight and I can't fix it on the board,
so just make sure that microphone is real close to your mouth.
Okay, is this better?
Yeah, much.
All right. It's been good.
My sister came to visit me the past two weeks.
So, we've been playing a lot of local multiplayer on Switch.
I have Mario Kart, I have Puyo Puyo Tetris, and we played Snipperclips.
So, that was the first half of this week.
And I've also been playing, you know, Street Pass games on my DS,
and Pokemon Shuffle, and Pokemon Go, and a couple other Pokemon games
because I'm crazy like that.
The arcade we went to was another definite highlight of my gaming week.
I played a Groove Coaster, and I saw somebody posted, like,
the last time you were there, there was a Crypt of the Necrodancer song,
and so I had to play that one.
I thought it was a really neat take on the roguelike moving every beat mechanic,
because they had this-
I believe that song is also in Pers- not Persona,
the game that Jamie and Shane are obsessed with.
Why can't- the name told us-
Danganronpa?
Danganronpa. Why do I- why am I thinking Persona?
They kind of rhyme. Danganronpa, Persona, kind of.
Anyway, that song in Crypt of the Necrodancer is also in Danganronpa
because Shane made me film it and tweeted it at Jamie.
There were a couple of different songs on the machine that were labeled
Crypt of the Necrodancer, and I'm not sure if it's because-
I know one of them was definitely from the game itself,
and I'm wondering if some of the other was just, like,
the music person did, like, a remix of a different game song.
I don't know, but the specific one I played from the game, like,
there were a lot of notes where it was,
move the controller in an arrow direction on the beat,
which really mimicked a lot of the way you're playing Crypt of the Necrodancer,
where you're moving on the beat.
And I thought that was a really neat crossover kind of a thing.
I played Neon FM for the first time, which I'd, like, heard a bit about,
but it was neat. It reminded me a lot of Poppin',
like, five-key Poppin' with, you know, flat pads.
But it was a nice change.
And yeah, there was a State Mania cabinet,
so I got to play, you know, erotic songs that haven't been in arcades in years.
So, you know, I filled the bowling alley with
Oh Nick, Please Not So Quick and stuff like that.
During the kid's birthday party. It's good.
Yeah, well, you know, they weren't running around, exactly, mostly.
There was also a DDR 2014, which I don't think was a mix that got released in the US.
And they had Caramel Dancin', so I had to play that.
Curse you for doing so.
Yeah, that was about it.
Nice. Let's see, my gaming week.
So, on a bit of a personal note, I hit affiliate status on my Twitch channel.
So, thank you guys very much for supporting, because obviously
What does that mean?
What does that mean? That means that now I can put that on my resume.
Now you get a dollar.
Yeah, literally, now I can get a dollar.
Now, when I say give me a dollar, you can actually give me a dollar.
It makes me eligible for bits, which are the currency on Twitch that
So how do you do that? Like, give the podcast for enough time?
Oh, to hit the affiliate status?
Yeah.
There is, I think, four different criteria.
You have to have at least 50 followers.
So, you know, that's you guys that helped me make that, thank you.
You have to have at least three concurrent viewers over all your streams
For the past month, for the past 30 days.
Which, again, because a lot of my streaming has been after OLR
And I've been able to pick up a good, you know, 20 or so people watching
Right after OLR, that's been very helpful.
So, again, thank you guys. You made that possible.
But I know that is the criteria that Flaco Jones, I think he thinks he's
Hung up on that right now, because I think in the beginning of the month
He didn't have a lot of people watching his stream.
He's been picking up, as he's been doing it more regularly
And he's thought up some other ideas, I think he's getting more viewers
So hopefully he's going to hit it soon, too.
But that is the trickiest one for people to hit, I think, is three concurrent.
It doesn't sound like a lot, but it can be for a new person starting out
Especially when so many people are streaming, right?
So what is it, 50 followers, three concurrent?
Seven days in the past 30 days that you've done a stream
And then 500 minutes in the past 30 days of streaming.
Which is about, if you do like an hour and 15 minutes
Two or three times a week, you'll hit those criteria.
So then it's kind of about just getting the followers and the viewers from there
Which, you know, just takes a little time.
But yeah, it makes me eligible for the bits, which
You can either buy them through Twitch, which a lot of people are doing
Or you can watch the ads, you can watch an ad and you get like five bits
Or ten bits every time you watch an ad
And what you can do is you can cheer a viewer
So if somebody decides to cheer my channel
Using the bits that they've got, watching ads
Then I get one cent for every bit that is cheered at me
So I've made, I think, about five dollars so far streaming on Twitch
But you know what? Hey, I've been playing video games, having a good time
And honestly, I'm not doing it for the money. Let me just be straight
I've done this show for 15 years and haven't made a dime off this show
Any money that has been made during OLR, like we've gotten some very generous donations over the years
But that all has gone right back into the show
Buying a mixing board, paying for the VOG stream, paying for mics
Whatever it is, all that money has gone back into the show
So, where was I going with that?
Oh yeah, I don't expect to make money off of streaming
But the nice thing about it is that I'm hoping what the affiliate status does
Is that maybe it's going to help with a little bit more additional visibility
Because what I'm trying to do is get more people exposed to OLR and VOG through streaming
It's just like getting yourself out there, is what it is
But I've been having fun playing games with people
So now you can kind of see some of the games I've been playing throughout the week
Because I played Forza Horizon 3 one night
I played Diablo 3 again, but I did it on PC
So I was doing Seasons this time around
And I made my seasonal character
I got all the way to I think Chapter 6
I think I'm in Chapter 6 now on my seasonal character on Diablo 3
So yes, I'm still playing a lot of that
Still playing Final Fantasy XIV, eagerly anticipating Stormblood
Which is less than a month out now until Early Access
So that's really exciting
And yeah, that's pretty much everything that I've live streamed
There hasn't been a lot that I didn't live stream that I played
Except we played some Mario Kart 8 the other night
Which I have to vent about a little bit
Because you know where I'm going with this
So JD brought a Switch over
And I was like, cool!
We'll be able to do like, oh we can play Mario Kart
Like I'll play on the TV
And JD can play on the Switch
And it's like we're battling each other, right?
Okay, so in theory, this should, you know, it's a Nintendo thing
It should just work, right?
Right
Oh my god, like no, we're having connection issues out the wazoo
Like we could not, like JD, and to be fair
Alan and I were both playing on the TV
And then you were playing on your Switch device
And we kept getting disconnected
Like we couldn't even set, we got to do one race
And then it disconnected us right after
Or it would disconnect us during the prep
Or we would always get disconnected
We were like, what the hell is going on?
So finally it was just like, fuck it
We can do three people on the TV
We just ended up doing it that way
But then we tried again yesterday
But this time we said, okay let's put
Because your Switch was already in there
Because you were playing Zelda on the TV
While I was out doing something else
And so I was like, okay I'll play on my Switch
And we got through a whole circuit
And we got through four races
And then got disconnected
When we switched to battle, wasn't it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then we tried to switch to battle
But like, it shouldn't fucking do this
Yeah, it's stupid because it doesn't even have anything to do with the internet
Yeah
Like this is just two Switches in proximity
Like street passing or whatever, you know
Like it's near field communication
And it shouldn't be dropping like that
And this really concerns me because this was the feature
That like I'm most looking forward to on Switch
Right
Is being able to do this all in one room like this
I am totally shocked
Well, not shocked actually
You know what we should do is we should try it with Puyo Puyo Tetris
And see if it does the same thing
See if it's the game or the system
Or something else, you know, do some elimination testing
Have you all tried this out in the chat
Since we do have a live chat room over at live.fognetwork.com
Have you guys had some issues trying to do
Again, not internet, but in the same room
Trying to do some gaming on Switch
I've had absolutely no problem with Puyo Puyo Tetris
But I have it on PS4
Well, what about Mario Kart 8?
That's not going to help our situation
So anyway, let's see
ActDef says I played with friends last night
Two on TV and two on a Switch
And we didn't have any problems
So yeah, it's
I don't know what's going on there
I feel like it might be something unique to my setup
Is it because there's
Is it because the Switch is right near all the other electronics
Like maybe
Maybe my
I feel like it shouldn't make a difference
Maybe I need to move the dock away from the other electronics
You're right, it shouldn't make a difference
It shouldn't make a difference
I can't think of what else it is
Well, for NFR
The only things that could cause
Any big problem with that would be
If it's going through a concrete wall
Or the microwave's going
You can't tell me
The Switch can't do what a DS can do
Or the Bluetooth
See, I don't want to say this
Because I'm going to get judged by some people
But y'all can kiss my butt
It is sitting on top of my subwoofer
Would that be
Interference?
That might be it
That's going to be the first thing we try
Maybe we're going to try moving it around
Get it off the subwoofer
No, it doesn't sit on the subwoofer
But it sits right next to it
If there's interference
I set the games on top of the subwoofer
Also, maybe line of sight might be a concern
You were sitting on the couch
Maybe the recliner would be better
I'm just saying if you're holding the console
Against it or something
Maybe it's the subwoofer
Speculation
Troubleshooting is so much fun
To be fair
You guys are probably all rolling your eyes
Rob, you're such an idiot
It would be nice if Nintendo gave a little more description
What is the communication error?
Did a particular
Switch drop?
What's the fucking error?
Give me something to help diagnose it a little better
There's no error, it's a feature
Shut up, alright
I had to get that off my chest because that really concerned me
But we'll just hope
It was my
Unique setup here in this household
And not something that's going to be
Long ongoing
Anyway, let's move on
And talk about some quick plugs
Announcements, of course you can always follow us on Twitter
Twitter.com slash O-L-R
We're also on Facebook
Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio
June is going to be a
Crazy month here at O-L-R
E3 is going to be
Taking over our episode on
June 11th, no literally
It is taking over our episode because
Bethesda has their press conference
Right in the middle of the show, but as always
We're still going to do our thing here at VOG Network
We'll start the show
Pause it during the Bethesda conference
Then pick up right there with some live reaction
And all that good stuff
And your calls and all that stuff as well
The week after that, June 18th
We celebrate
15 years
Of OrangeLoungeRadio
15 freaking years
Of OrangeLoungeRadio
You know I need to look up
When OrangeLoungeRadio started
On live 365 because we launched the station
A month before we launched
The show because we were just playing music
Like building hype to the first
Like live event show that we were doing
And I want to say the station started
I feel like May 22nd
Was the day, I could be wrong
But I want to say it was late May
So we're, technically
OLR is like 15
Tomorrow
Just not the show
You can wear the dress
I don't have the dress so I'll just come and drag
Alright yeah it's fine, come and drag
So June 18th is going to be the big
15th year because the first official
Episode of OrangeLoungeRadio
Is June 23rd, 2002
So we're going to celebrate 15 years
On June 18th and then on
June 25th we will be rewarding
Our 15 years of OrangeLoungeRadio
By taking a day off
I will be in Chicago
And my co-host will be
Enjoying a day off
I will probably be at San Francisco Pride
That's right you're doing San Francisco Pride
Kind of busy
We're spreading pride throughout the world
Because I'll be at Chicago Pride
Alright cool
So no show that day
Episode 700 is creeping up on us
And I am, that is in the back
Of my head
Unfortunately due to some personal life stuff
Going on I wasn't able, I was supposed
To go check out that space
That our folks here, Bree and Gabe
Were talking about, I was supposed to do that yesterday
And I wasn't able to get around to it
I'm hoping at some point I'm going to go over there and check it out
And we are
Exploring options for a place here
Locally we can do Episode 700
Like as a more
Event type show so
Please look forward to it
Or something around Episode 700
It may not be the actual show itself
Is it going to be 700 club themed?
Fuck no
Only if we get to
Beat an effigy of what's a fuck
Well here's the thing
Because of the missed weeks, I have to count out the weeks again
But because I think I got sick
Episode 700 might be freaking the week that
Dragon Con is supposed to be
So I have to figure all that timing out
And all that good stuff
So more to come on that
But in the meantime we've still got some gaming news to talk about
Let's get into the gaming news for the week
Loki
So this year we've got a brand new publisher
That's going to be doing an E3 presentation
And I'm pretty excited
To see this because
You've got to love them on Twitter
But Devolver Digital
Is going to be doing their event
Called Indie Picnic
In the parking lot across from the LA Convention Center
South Hall
And they said next door to Hooters
Jesus
I didn't realize there was a Hooters down there
That must be new
Basically they're saying that
They're going to have their own E3 press conference
That the
Picnic I guess is going to be open
Are they just going to stand on the corner and scream it?
I don't know
They're saying that it's going to be open to
All E3 badge holders
And the event will be continuing through
E3 11 through 7 o'clock
Attendees can check out Devolver's
Lineup of games and also
They'll be where the Indie Megabooth
XSplit and Gambitius
Take place
And yeah so that's pretty
Cool that they're going to have their own
Indie
They haven't announced a time yet for the
Press conference but stay tuned for that
I'm sure they're going to have to announce it pretty soon
Alright well
Any games you're hoping to see
Out of them?
They have such kind of wild
Different stuff over there
Yeah I just want something wild and cool
Honestly I don't remember
I don't think they publish super hot
I would love to see super hot VR make it to
The Playstation VR that's what I would like to see
Because the VR one looks pretty awesome
For the Vive
And the Oculus so I'm kind of curious
To see what that would be like on the Playstation
Or I just wouldn't really want to play it
$800 fucking headset and even the
Oculus headset it's like $600
That shit needs to come down in price
$300
That would be perfect
Let's see I'm going to our chat over at
Live.vognetwork.com Bobby Blackwolf says
Devolver Digital has some former gathering
Of developers people and they had
The God lot before there were
Condos across the street from the LA Convention Center
It was the same kind of thing except with more
Strippers and I'm not kidding they were stripper poles
That's awesome
I remember the days when it was
Was it the Ouya event that was there?
What was across the street from the LA Convention Center?
Was that Ouya? The one year?
They had Ouya
No because I gave a shit about
Ouya because it was one thing I could get into without a badge
I think that was the year I went
And I picked up Bobby Blackwolf at E3
And then we went to Disneyland
Because I didn't actually go to E3 that year
But we just went in the lobby in street past
I was there for that wasn't I?
That was electronica
We've done it more than once
So there it is
Well you're not going to do the Ouya event anymore
No we're not
Alright moving on let's talk about
A rumor about what could be coming to
Smartphones you know Nintendo has been doing
Their smartphone thing and
They what me Tomo
JD still plays me Tomo
Yeah I lug in everything
I was just checking in a moment ago
My son plays the shit
Out of Super Mario Run
Which I think Super Mario Run
Was more of a mixed bag of success
I think their expectations were just really high for that
Wasn't there also a Fire Emblem game?
There was I have not
Yeah I have not checked that out myself
But that's a thing
Well the Wall Street Journal is reporting that Nintendo
Is going to be bringing the Legend of Zelda
Franchise to mobile later this year
This will be after
Animal Crossing which we already knew
Was slated for mobile
Clearly they're going to bring the best Zelda
Zelda 2 Adventures of Link
I like Zelda 2
But A playing that on a phone
Would be a disaster
No that's not the worst of the franchise
It would be Zelda Wand of Gamelon
There you go that's a better joke
Stick to that joke next time
Anyway we don't know the game
What it is the pricing structure
This is all coming from the Wall Street Journal
Saying the news is from people
Familiar with the matter
They've got leaks everywhere
That the Wall Street Journal finds
Maybe this is something that could come out at E3
A little more information about
Especially with the popularity of Breath of the Wild
This is a good thing to ride the coattails of
We will see
There will be a pretty huge franchise for Nintendo
Although granted they put Mario on the phone
You can't go much bigger than that really
But Zelda is pretty close
Especially with how well Breath of the Wild has been doing
Non-stop Link
Now well here's the thing
I would expect
It's not going to be a 2D
It's not going to be the original Zelda
It's not going to be Zelda Link to the Past
Because you can't control that shit on the phone
It's going to be horrible controls
And I don't think Nintendo is going to sell it
I disagree with that you know why?
If you played the DS versions
The Wind Waker looking ones
Those all use touchpad controls
I was getting to that because those are different games
The Phantom Hourglass
Completely different game
And that's the type of game that I would expect
A Rails shooter
But with Zelda
No it wasn't a Rails shooter
Did you play those games?
I mean seriously
It's kind of a joke but yes
Okay you didn't
Obviously not because
They controlled really well for touch
Which is surprising
They didn't really utilize the buttons at all
It was basically you hold the screen
Where you want Zelda
There you go making a new mistake
Have you ever watched the show?
Take off that mask Jamie
I'd like to keep it on
You control Link by
Basically holding the part of the screen
And you can attack by tapping
And it worked really well
Which is kind of surprising
From what I remember they didn't really utilize
Buttons too much
They could put a couple on screen buttons
If you really needed something for that
The only thing they could do for the most part
Completely touch control and it would be fine
Or they could just do a completely new idea
And that would be fine too
Honestly they you know
Or they could just put fucking Pokemon Snap on there
Because really that would be fucking amazing
With like the AR shit
They could do something in the
Breath of the Wild world
With all of the crazy stuff that you do
And they're like you know using the different items
It would be like cooking Mama but just cooking Link
What about like a dungeon solver type of thing
Or the shrines like a shrine solver type of thing
That lends itself well to mobile phones
I don't know there's different ideas
They could do it doesn't necessarily have to be a copy
Of something that already exists
But this is all really
Fan wank right now we just don't know
What is really going to happen with Zelda so
We'll just have to keep waiting till E3
To see if they talk about it then or if they
They wait on it
It might be actually I would think that this
Type of thing may not be in the E3
Spotlight or whatever they're calling it
It might be something that shows up at Treehouse
Cause remember they show
Pokemon Go at Treehouse
And that was the first time they ever showed
Gameplay outside of beta on that
And we have this stupid
Watch thing that we still
Don't sell regularly even though it's been out
For almost a year now
I still want to cheat with it
I wanted to take it apart and solder the fucking
Lights to the button
So that every time it would light up it would click the button
Cause that's what I do
I find ways to exploit shit
And it would have been satisfying
To be able to lord that over them
Moving on to another story
Dark Sakura if you wouldn't mind
Well I have been
Looking at this game with some kind
Of mixed feelings but it's about
Sonic Forces
Well you get to customize a character
In Sonic Forces
You can have different
Species of animals
With their own different abilities
And the things that they carry with them
And their own looks
Different masks so you basically get to
Play dress up in Sonic
Which is gonna open the door for
A lot of
Cosplay
There are a lot of furry characters out of this
You could
I said it nicely by saying
If you want to act out your first sona
In a Sonic universe you go
Right ahead, have fun
There's a lot of people who already do that shit
So now they just get to say
Look I'm canon
I'm in the game
I'm canon
What's the solution
To Sonic's shitty friends?
Let's make an infinite amount of Sonic's shitty friends
Make it now it's you
Now you're the bad friend
I don't know if I hate the shitty friends
Because I'm the shitty friend
I'm so torn
Everybody's gonna make their own shitty friend
And then they're gonna post their shitty pictures
To social media
Through the Switches
Twitch and Facebook
Look I'm in a Sonic game
Sonic's butt
Can you put your me's in there?
Can we have Hitler Sonic's friend?
No no no
That's terra bad
Yeah they need to have limitations
On what you can do
Because otherwise
There's people that have done me's
That are just cocking balls
There's people that have done me's
That are Christmas and New Years
It's all right there
It's just gonna be a thing now isn't it
Yes
I can't wait for December
Moving on
You don't want to see Hanukkah
All right
That lasts for weeks
Moving on
Loki
All right
Ubisoft has made some announcements
Prior to E3
Some things we're gonna be seeing more of
During their press conference
Far Cry 5
And The Crew 2
Are gonna be
Coming soon
And apparently maybe a new Assassin's Creed
Cause I think that they took the year off
So now we'll see something like that
Remember I think we had the rumor that it was
Opel World or something
So I guess we'll see what's gonna happen
But apparently yeah those three
Are due to be released
This fiscal year
That's pretty cool that The Crew
Is getting a sequel after all
Cause I didn't think the first game did that well
Cause it was like bargain basement
Pretty cheap to play
Pretty fast
So I didn't think that lent well
I'm not dogging the game
To be fair
I think a lot of people I knew that did
Spend time with the game enjoyed it
So I'm not saying it was a bad game
Or unworthy of a sequel
I was surprised with how fast they slashed the price
That it's doing well enough to
Necessitate a sequel
Hopefully
Maybe they'll do
What they need to do to make it
So that more people want to drop 50-60 bucks on it right away
Dungeon Buster in Chat says
I hope they fix the rubber banding
And magnetic tires in The Crew
The game was kind of fun but wow
Issues
We just like never ever do rubber banding ever again
No one likes it
Who actually likes rubber banding?
Nobody
Just like get rid of it
It's a cop out
For programming better driving AI
Make it something you can enable and disable
I don't know
Tigerclaw in Chat says every racing game has rubber banding
Like it or not
I don't like it
Yeah that's right I choose not to like it
So I started a podcast about it
Something I like though
That I like talking about on the podcast
Is Overwatch
And Overwatch believe it or not is turning a year old
It feels like that game is a lot older
But I think it seems so cemented
In gaming now
Overwatch is coming up
With their game of the year edition
On Tuesday May 23
Is when that game of the year edition comes out
It's going to be coming with
10 bonus loot boxes
Some new hero skins
Blackwatch Reyes
And Strike Commander Morrison skins
You can also get some of the stuff that I think
Was in the original Overwatch
Origins edition like the Ferris skin
And some of that other stuff
That is going to be available on PlayStation 4
Xbox One and PC
But they're also going to be running an anniversary event
In the game
They haven't really said much more about what are the skins going to look like
There are some voices that showed up
But that's all we know
So we don't really know exactly
What all the extra stuff is going to be with that yet
But yeah very cool
That that game is
Still doing strongly
After a year
I'm kind of curious how they're going to keep the momentum
Going a few years from now
So far they're doing really well
And hell I'm still playing Diablo 3
And that game's
That was like 2008, 2009 at this point
Getting to be an older game
No I don't think it's that old
But still it's several years old at this point
We get a Diablo 4 pretty soon?
I wish
Maybe that's one of the under construction things
Or you think we'll see more
Character classes or something
For Overwatch?
Diablo
So they already announced that
So that
I still feel like it's going to be a couple years
Before we even see Diablo 4
But I don't know
Anyway
Let's see, ActDeftInChat says it was Game of the Year
In 2016
I don't think I mentioned it in that story
But I know it's part of this too
They are doing a free play weekend
Over Memorial Day weekend of all times too
So if you've never played Overwatch
You have a chance
This is the first time I think they've done the free play on PC
I know they've done it on console a couple times
But I think this is the first time they're doing it on PC
I've never played it
Yeah, no, I'm excited to have you check it out
See what you think
And I'm going to use controller like a complete noob
Because I don't have a place to put my computer
Where I can actually use a mouse
Nor do I have a mouse
Ooh, that's going to be rough, but good luck
Fuck that, I'm fucking awesome with controller
I think they did do free play on a PC a while back
Because that was when Ryan tried it
Maybe they did, I just don't remember it
It was definitely a while ago, like six months or something
Yeah, and I bought the game straight away
So I wouldn't have been paying attention to that
Let's see, SSQ100Matt saying
I remember a chatter in here saying that
Overwatch wasn't going to stick around
Because Blizzard can't do shooters
I wonder how that worked out
Well, I think the reason why Overwatch is kind of working is because
It's more than just a shooter
They do have characters in there that you can play
If you're not much of a shot
A character like Symmetra
Is really about where you place the turrets
And you don't even really have to be able to aim
To attack with Symmetra's gun
And that makes her a very attractive player
For some people
A healer like Mercy
You don't really have to be able to aim
You support other characters
Lucio is all about an aura
You know, it's a healing aura or a boost aura
So you don't necessarily have to be a good shot
And I think that's what has made it very, very, very
Attractive for a lot of people
But if you want to play, I mean
You have a Widowmaker who's a sniper
And Soldier 76 is just basically
Your Call of Duty character
So they have that stuff in there too
If that's what you're into
Alright, and
Yeah, SSG100Matt says
They find new ways to reinvent the game all the time
And Act F even suggests
For Loki, start with Soldier 76
Because that will be the most familiar
Probably from
Other shooting games
Alright, we will move on
Just a few more stories for you guys
Before we get to the classic game of the week
But first, Dark Sakura
This is something I've been
Considering contributing to
Ever since I found out
But Project Rap Rabbit
Is set for PC and PS4
And it has a
Kickstarter on it
With a 1.1 million dollar goal
I see them making it
No problem
But there's
Actually quite a few tiers on there
And several of them seem actually fairly affordable
One of the digital tiers
Is like maybe 30 bucks
For the game
And then
For like 70, there's one that has
Art books and stuff with it
I wouldn't mind having the art book for it
Although Dan says I have 50 million art books
For games I haven't played
So, but
Good, what's one more?
But at any rate
Basically, Rap Rabbit
Is actually taking inspiration
From what it's been
Commented on like epic rap battles
Of history
Where it's a
Rapping dialogue
Not like necessarily a battle
But a dialogue
And you've got like different verses
That you can throw in and not just doing whatever
They're already in the song
So, it definitely
It definitely looks cool and definitely is something
That I think is going to be getting
Money from you on Kickstarter
So I see some people
In chat talking about the Switch version
Of this, so here's the thing that happened
To that, so when it was originally on
Kickstarter, they posted all of their stretch goals
And like the last stretch
Goal on there was like a 5.5 million
Stretch goal and it would say Switch version
And the Nintendo fanboys
Screamed basically, which I
Kinda get, I mean that was a real
That was a lot of money to do a Switch version
So they've actually changed it and if you go back
To the Kickstarter today, Switch is now
The first stretch goal with 1.5
Million to get the Switch version
Which, you know, the game
Would definitely be attractive I think if it was on
The Switch, but
Well, and a little bit more about
The character is that the main character is called
Totomaru, who is basically
A farm boy rabbit and wants
To battle the forces of corruption
And his sidekick is named
Totomaru
I'm in a really difficult place
With this thing, I love these
Companies, I love these, like you know
Nana On'Sha, like I love these
Companies, there's so much talent going into
This, that being said, I'm kinda
Done backing
Big studio Kickstarters
I realize these studios aren't big
But like
I'm not interested in buying
The game today that's not gonna come out for 4 years
And I know they say, oh we have
A path to get it out
Sure you do, buddy
They all do
Now, indies, and we've talked a lot about
Indie Kickstarters on this show, I feel a lot
Differently about, okay
But something of this caliber, especially for these
Guys that have done Playstation games before
And so forth, like, I'm just kind of
Shocked they can't get a publisher
To sign on to this
Like, I don't know, like
Where's your guys' heads at with this?
Like, Jamie, you said you were thinking about contributing to it
So you must be a little more forgiving
I'd rather that they raise the money
Themselves this way and go independently
For a publisher
Just because I've seen publishers fuck stuff up
You know what, I know what it is
I know what bothered me about it
It actually did have to do with the Nintendo thing
I thought it was weird
That the game was a Playstation 4
And a PC exclusive
Because my head went to
If it's a Playstation 4 exclusive
Sony should be paying for it
Not me
Now, I realize the Switch thing
Has changed a little bit
So I don't feel that as much anymore
But definitely when I first loaded the page
That was a huge misfire on their part
To be like, we'll do Nintendo Switch if we get 5 million dollars
Because I'm kind of like, if you're going to stay
Exclusive to one platform, then that platform
Should be fronting the money for it
And where the hell is Xbox One?
I kind of get, it's Japanese developed
So that question's
Kind of, eh, I get it
Probably is never
Yeah, I know, I know
It could also be based off what dev kits they have
Maybe they have a Playstation 4 dev kit
That could be, that could be
But I just, I still couldn't help but feel a little bit of like
Why am I paying for something that is going to be exclusive to one system
You know, and all this stuff
And I just
I don't know, I just
I feel like there's
Kickstarters I've contributed to
A long time ago
Bloodstained, Ritual of the Night
Which is a good example
Still not out
And I'm sure the game's going to be fine
And it's, you know, all that stuff
But it's like
I'm not interested in making this 4 year long investment
I'm sorry, I know some people strongly disagree with me
But I kind of just
Don't want to give my money away like that
I want something a little more immediate
I think
Bobby Blackwolf says
They will still have a publisher
1.1 million isn't enough to make the game
They still have other investors
And they say
He says
So
We have gone to Great Lakes and are planning an early work to minimize this risk
Between the shared experience of developers
Nanno and Shaw and Innes
And publisher Pcube's platform holder relationships
And merchandise production know-how
We're confident that all the pieces are in place to ship
Project Rap Rabbit along with all
Physical backer awards by August 2018
I
Even with all that
In front of me, I just, I don't
I don't believe it
And honestly
And it sucks, but you can
Kind of blame Mighty No. 9 for a lot of it
A lot of it
Mighty No. 9 done
Fucked up Kickstarter
Is it making you cry like an anime
Fan on prom night?
Yes
But again
When it comes to indies
I feel a lot differently
I get it
The ones that have been on here that are like
I need that artist or I need that
Or my game is fucking done
I need the money to do the distribution
And all that stuff
I'm kind of like, okay, well you've never done a game before
You've clearly been working on something
I feel a lot differently with the smaller people
Maybe that's just my whole
Yay indie type of nature anyway
But these other
These other things I have a harder time with
I don't know
Matt says
So I don't know
I couldn't help but feel a little burned
When I saw that it was a Kickstarter
Because I was thinking, oh it's going to be a big
E3 announcement
Yes, I realize Kickstarter
Are E3 announcements now
Ever since Shenmue 3
But
When they were talking this whole thing
What was the little tagline
Make music games great again and all this stuff
I was like, oh
Music games are already great
A, I was like please don't say that
B, like
With a line like that I would have thought your game
Was ready to go
Well then again
With a line like that maybe they're channeling
The one that said it originally
I wouldn't go that far
I get it, especially when you're an indie
Developer, you want to get the hype
And the community built up around your product
Early
But I just get annoyed, it's like
We have this really kick ass product that's not
Going to be out for two years
Why didn't you just
Show me this one that's more ready
Did they have video of what it looks like
Or is it just all concept shit right now
Screenshots
I don't think they actually
Do they have the game running on that kickstarter
I didn't look that far
When I looked at it I looked at it on my mobile
And I couldn't actually play videos
I think
I know they had screenshots, they had a lot of that stuff
But I don't know if they actually have the game
The actual product up there
I don't want to go on record saying they don't
That makes me wary
That early
Bobby says it's all concept, it's all whiteboard
Yeah I know
I'll play it when it comes out
I will be, you know what if the game is good
I will be the first one
To plop down the money for it the day it comes out
Good luck
Well if you think about it
What is really the advantage here
I mean what
It's just
You get some extra crap
I mean why should I risk
Myself, I mean as it is
Games that come out day one from AAA
Are risky investments as it is
Considering how broken some of them could be
At launch, why am I going to put
Risk in the game that may never even
Come out
It doesn't make any sense that you want my money
I mean I know that you need to fund it
And stuff but
Then again you don't need the funding
It's almost like we got to show that these
Publishers that people are interested in this game
That's a publishers job to figure that shit out
Why do they have to show interest in it
Alright
I'm glad somebody in chat got my joke
By the way, come on confide in me
Says my name is Sky and I've got something to say
That's right
I got your joke Rob
My name is Rob Roberts and I got something to say
That part
Amplitude done fucked up kickstarter
Cause there's another game
That I'm sorry, it was not as good
As we all hoped it was going to be
I'm sorry, straight up
Anyway
Let's move on
We got more stories for you, Loki
Alright
So Netflix
Has a lot of interesting shows
They just showed this week
Was a new
Dark Crystal series
Which looks pretty cool
Something else that's also in the pipeline
That's a little bit more game related
And seems
Proper for Netflix
They're going to be a new series
Based on The Witcher
The fantasy series of course
It is a book series as well as
The game series but they're saying that they're
Going to be having
I guess they have the executive producers
Sean Daniel and Jason Brown
Who are known for a show
Called The Expanse which I have never
Seen nor heard of
They're going to be following I guess
Sounds like the books
So it'll be interesting
I don't know if you guys have all seen the pictures on Twitter
But it's very clear that Julian Assange
Is going for the lead role in this
From his latest look
I don't know if you all have seen that
Such an awful bullet
So
The Witcher has some sexy
Stuff in there
There's going to be so many boobs in this show
It's not a Witcher game
Unless
Sign me up because
We need some Game of Thrones replacements
You can have that
As long as this time
When he stands up in the tub
I don't want no suds
So
Anyway
So yeah
William Murderface in chat says
Witcher hype
The direction
And the way the stories
Are told in The Witcher and all that
Is really really well done
If they bring some of that to a television show
Like seriously
It does have the ability to be something
On a Game of Thrones-esque kind of level
It really does
I think the source material for The Witcher
Which I understand is also based off a novel series
So there's all that
That we have to consider as well
But I think it could
Do really well in a way that video game
Media hasn't really been done before
Although
Is it really video game media if it was all a book to begin with
But remember we have Castlevania coming too
We'll keep our fingers crossed
Can we get boobs in that too?
Why not?
Well look at the original artwork
For Symphony of the Night
That's right
Granted the Dark Crystal is going to be a little awkward
But I mean it's necessary
In order to keep a certain level of quality
Across all Netflix shows
Alright one more story for you guys
Before we get to the classic game of the week
This one's a very modern game actually
I know a lot of people were really hyped for the
Destiny 2 event
That they had earlier this week
Where they showed some footage of the game
And shown off all the features coming to Destiny 2
Destiny 2 of course
Is going to be coming out for the PC
As well as the Playstation 4 and the Xbox One
No longer on Playstation 3 or Xbox 360
Although that doesn't surprise anybody
But it will be coming out on the consoles
What was it? Early September
I think was the date on the console right?
For Playstation 4 and Xbox One
There is no release date for PC yet
It will not be out
It sounds like the exact same day as September 8th
But here's what is really interesting
About the PC version of
Destiny 2
It's better than both the other versions
Well that's one
That's an opinion
But the other thing that's also interesting
Is that it's going to be released on Battle.net
Dun dun dun
Wait a minute
Blizzard's thing? Yes
But remember who owns Blizzard?
Activision
It's Activision Blizzard
What does Activision like? Greed
That's right
So no more 30% cut from the Steam store
By releasing that thing on Battle.net
And also you guys
And this is something I don't see
Any of the press really getting into
That I think is a huge element
Of this and why they're going
To the Battle.net launcher for all this
Sure the fact that they'll get to keep the cut
Of all the digital sales and all that
That's a great perk I'm sure
You guys
I think sometimes severely
Underestimate the Blizzard fandom
And
Don't underestimate the dark side
Don't underestimate the fucking Blizzard fandom
Don't
Because they're fucking crazy
And I say that as a Blizzard fan
I do I do I love Blizzard fans
I had a great time at Blizzcon
They're nuts and I mean that in a good way
Because why do I say it that way?
Why do you think something like Overwatch was
As successful as it was? Because
It got people that were playing
World of Warcraft
That were playing Diablo
To say hey here's a shooter
From this same company that I love
That's coming out and I want to try this
Or this team based game objective game
Or whatever you don't want to call it a shooter
And I want to try this out
One game I didn't talk about during my gaming week
That I actually have been playing quite a bit of
Is Heroes of the Storm
Why have I been playing Heroes of the Storm? By Blizzard
Because I want the fucking
Loot boxes for Overwatch
That you get by playing a bunch of
Matches with friends that's really what it boils
Down to so Blizzard
Very very very very very good
At doing the synergy thing and here
Come try our free game to get stuff
In the other game and all this stuff now not that I'm saying
That Destiny 2 is necessarily going to be a part of that
Although this
Certainly does open the door for Destiny
Characters to start showing up in Heroes of the Storm
Just saying
Or Overwatch
Well Overwatch is kind of
It's own universe you don't exactly see the lost Vikings
Running around in Overwatch
But Heroes of the Storm is kind of that mixing
Pot for all the Blizzard things
I'm just saying it opens the door to it I'm not saying it's going to happen
It just opens the door to it
But also
And this is another huge thing too is that
If you're playing World
Of Warcraft which a lot of people
Still are some people are
Selling their Warcraft gold
For real money through
This Blizzard token
So they have this Blizzard balance
That they're building up which most people
Are using to therefore buy
Overwatch loot boxes
But now they could save
That money and buy
Copies of Destiny 2 because that's going to be
Through Battle.net and you know what after they
Announce this that Destiny 2 is going to be
A part of Battle.net the prices
In gold of those WoW tokens went through the
Fucking roof because
You've got a ton of players now
Who are trying to save up money in their
Battle.net balance so they can basically
Buy Destiny 2
And Blizzard's still making money because
Somebody's buying those WoW tokens to
You know then that money is getting basically
Reallocated to purchasing
Destiny 2 so
Dungeon Buster
In chat says Destiny normally doesn't do any
Cross-promotion well it's
It's a crazy world out there
It's a different game and this is going to be very very
Very interesting for
PC also some other things
That should be mentioned about PC there's like the
Full on 4K on PC right
I didn't see a lot of the oh here it is on
PC Destiny will support 4K
That's 3820 by 2160
Un-capped frame rate
Custom key mapping text chat
And now that it's on Battle.net
If I'm playing Destiny 2
I can send
Dark Sakura a message through
Battle.net while she's playing World of Warcraft
And I can send her a message and I can say like
It's a lip sync Jamie
What part of that don't you understand
I'd like to keep it on please
And then there's an adjustable
FOV field of view detailed
PC setting screen 21 by 9
Monitor support and so on
So I mean all this just basically
Cemented for me oh yeah I'm
Skipping consoles and I'll be buying this on
PC like I
Kind of fell off the Destiny wagon because
Expansion expansion
Expansion but I'm willing to
Give it another go at Destiny 2 because
Destiny 2 at least is going to hit the reset button on all
That because you know none of that stuff carries
Over so I
I want to try it with mouse and keyboard on PC
I never played the first one I have it I just never played it
Yeah
Tigerclaw does point out and say
You'll need a good graphics card if you
Want to play in 4K yes yes you will
Need a good graphics card if you want to play in 4K I actually
Don't even have a 4K monitor so that's not gonna
Do me a lick of good but maybe I'll
Buy one for Christmas or
Something when
I don't know if it's worth it for
4K price
Stick with feeling what you got
Oh Bobby has no shame
At all saying that in the battle net system
I could send Jamie a message while she's playing
Wow I'm playing a game by
Bungie it's immediate predecessor is
A very classic game we should feature it
If only you could see
If only you could see
If only you could see
She's got one finger flying right now
For you Bobby
I'm saluting ya
Well let's see what she did pick for the classic game of the week this week
Every week Dark Soccer
Jumps into the gaming vault and finds a game
That she thinks hey
Put down your destiny
Sign out of battle net and play this
Cause this game's not on battle net and it's awesome
Alright
Dark Soccer what is the classic game of the week?
This is a game
I spent a shitload of time playing
In the arcade like a lot
I was kinda hooked on this game
We already did Dance Dance Revolution
Girl
APB
All Points Bulletin came out in 1987
By Atari
Atari games at the time
Where you play Officer Bob not the drag queen
Who is
A rookie police officer
And you have to go through
Different parts of the game
One of them is you go through
And you pull people over
For minor infractions
Well you ticket people for minor infractions
With the whole targeting system
Or you can pull over
Bad offenders and then eventually
You get down to where you apprehend criminals
When they put out an APB
The cabinet
Is a neat little cabinet
It looks kinda like a police car
Where it's got the siren
Lights above on top
Has a gas pedal, a steering wheel
And
Even a little seat
I think some of them had a seat
I remember playing one that didn't have it
It really is just a
Cartoony little game
But it's not easy
It is not an easy game
In fact even the developers
Said that over the development cycle
The gameplay got a lot more complicated
Than they originally had planned
It did have some other
Home releases
But let's get a little bit more into the game itself
Which I think is funny because you play as Car 54
Do you remember that show
Where Are You?
Exactly, that had, what's his face
The Playroom in Munster?
Uh, yes
I don't remember his name
I'll have to look it up again
He was one of the officers in that show
I mean, and I might
But it wasn't around when Car 54
Where Are You was on TV
But it did come on Nick at Night
Not that old bitches
Nick at Night used to run all those shows
When we were kids
Dennis the Menace from the 50's
Was like prime time on Nickelodeon
When they thought to make kids cute they had to scream
Hey Mr. Woman
Pull over buddy
So on top of this
This is also like every old stereotype
You get bonuses for
Every day where you arrest over the quota
And you can pick up donuts
That extend your time limit
For the day
I know donuts extend my time limit for the day
Donuts expand
My ability to even
They expand my waistline
Right?
Anyway you can also drive through filling stations
To refuel your patrol car
You can also
Upgrade your patrol car with brakes, guns
Armor, radar
I just keep thinking of this police car
Turning into something from Road Warrior
So you start off
By ticketing for common
Misdemeanors like littering
You pull up behind them
Tell them to bend over
Then you press the siren button
And then have them pull over
Sometimes you have to kind of
Over and over
Speeding
Comes into the game later
And you also
You also have to rescue different
Not rescue but arrest different
Fugitives
And then you have to violently shake them
To get a confession out of them
Before the chief enters the room and you have a
Confessometer
Unless it's a baby, don't shake the baby
God Rob
Now I'm all sad because I see that little baby's face
Aww
Anyway
So anyway
Your life gauge is kind of like a demerit meter
Um
So if you hit that
Then you get too many demerits
You are fired
So you can get fired in the game
And you earn those by colliding with cones
Or other vehicles when your siren is off
Shooting
Non offender vehicles
Running into donut huts and pedestrians
Running out of gas
And failing to get a confession
You can also
Get demerits when your car explodes
Or when you get hit by a train
Or high speed collisions
You know just all kinds of shit
So basically you have to be perfect
Um
Now um the seat that I was talking about
By the way it looks like it was detachable
And I remembered because the first version I played
Didn't have the seat on it
Um APB had a really long
Development process though like I mentioned earlier
And so as it went on
They added so many
Things to it that it really became
Complicated much more so than they had envisioned
Um it was
Pretty well received
For the time it had great high resolution graphics
The cabinet design was fairly new
Especially with having the flashing lights
On top it really made it attractive
Um and
It's difficulty was something
That kept people going in to try to
Master it you know
So um
There were home versions
Mostly developed by Tengen
Um there was
A version on GameCube
Actually I'm getting way ahead of the
Original releases
The original home versions
Were Amiga, Atari
ST, Commodore 64
ZX Spectrum in 1989
And then there was an Atari Lynx version
That came out in 1991 which I think
I have it I'll have to ask
Um for the later versions we had
A GameCube version, PS2 and Xbox
As part of Midway Arcade Treasures 2
And a PC as Midway
Arcade Treasures Deluxe Edition
And later on was part of the Midway
Arcade Origins in 2012
And there you go APB
That's the game
I have to admit I've only played the
Slightest bit of this I think it was in one of those
Like Midway collection things cause you know
They have all the old Atari games in those too like the
This is totally the same hardware
It's like 720 in some of those other games
Yeah the same era
I think this is in one of those so I've only played like the
Lightest bit of it but yeah I remember it being freaking hard
It is but it's super
Fun and I mean just the
Cabinet itself you know
When we got one
At my Aladdin's castle
That shows you how
Long ago it was when I first
Saw this one which I ended up eventually
Working at when I was in college so
Um but
There amongst the carpeted walls and
Everything was this shiny new game
And I really enjoyed it yes it had
Carpeted walls
The arcade nice had carpeted
Walls like you sound sound proving
Yeah
But true story carpeted walls at roller rink
I tore up my jeans and my knee
Rolling going at high
Speed into one of those walls so I had
Bad memories of carpeted walls
Alright there it is your classic
Game of the week APB
Alright a good
Good from a real much
Better era of Atari than some of
Our more recent memories although those
Flashback consoles are still pretty sweet for what it's worth
Anyway we're going to take a quick break but we have
Plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come
Including release dates, your emails
And some more news stories
And your calls at Orange Lounge Radio
All one word on Skype and we'll
Be back after this with more of
Orange Lounge Radio
Welcome back everybody to Orange
Lounge Radio live tonight
Episode 687 already in progress
For this May 21st 2017
If you are
Joining us late well shame on you for being
Here late no just kidding I know there's a lot of
Other stuff going on tonight hey even I
As well want to watch that Twin Peaks
Reboot which started tonight but thankfully
There's ways to do that online they got this
Hulu thing the Amazon thing there's a lot of
Ways to do that so I just have to figure out which ones gonna work
For me and be watching that pretty
Soon I'm really excited about that as I'm sure
A lot of you guys are as well
Any other shows I should be watching
There's a lot of stuff
Yeah Kimmy Schmidt season 3 I still need to
Finish season 2 yes you do
My wife quit in season 2 as well
So I don't know
I need to finish Sense8 season 2
As well I started it and I liked
Well the Christmas episode was just basically
The Christmas episode was practically like the
VR thing we were talking about earlier
With Christmas and New Years and it really
Was the Christmas episode
But I watched the first episode
As well and it was good I liked it
I liked the way it ended so I need to watch more
Sense8 and even Shane is you know
Bugging me about it he's like I'm gonna ruin it for you if you don't
Finish it Crazy Ex-Girlfriend
Is worth a watch yes absolutely
I don't know that one so it's hilarious
It's well written and they got musical
Numbers in every show I mean it's
Very it's seriously very well written
The pilot episode has a song called the Sexy Getting
Ready song okay
Sounds good oh some folks in chat
Suggesting the MST3K reboot
Yeah
Honestly though I've been kind of spoiled
With Rift Tracks
It's kind of hard to go back
To that but
I'll have to give it another try
I watched the first episode of the Bill Nye
Science show
It was okay
I hear he's a bit preachy though
It's a little bit but I hope
They give him another season
I think it maybe just needs a little time to work out some of the kinks
So I hope they give him another season
But I liked it
I just didn't love it
A lot of Netflix shows I'm like oh my god
These are so good
It's not Netflix but it's Hulu
Everybody is telling me fucking watch it
Everybody is like fucking watch it
But just be ready to just want to
Cry for hours and hours
After you watch the first couple episodes
I guess there's like it's too real
Have you read the book?
No of course not
I don't read a lot of books
Books?
Well it came out like 30 years ago
So it's not new
I had actually started it when I was in
Middle school
And had to put it down
I haven't picked it up since
I planned on going back
I could read the Divine Comedy
In middle school
But yet that book hit me hard
So I had to put it down
I'm going to try to pick it back up and finish it
For a book that was written in the 80s
About current events and future predictions
It's held up extremely well
And terrifyingly so
What was the other thing I was going to mention?
Taking it with all these
On demand things
Let me go to chat I guess since I can't remember what it is
Brad from Pod Culture says
Gotham is okay
I watched half the first season of that
Okay is a good word to describe it
Not watching any of the DC shit until Wonder Woman comes out
I'm hearing the movie is getting good reviews
Out the gate
That's good
But I also hear that it's the only good thing
In their cinematic universe
Well
Unless we count the Nolan Batman movies
Because I thought those were great
I liked all of them
Not even just the Heath Ledger one
I liked them all
Didn't they reboot that universe away though?
Like they do every couple of years
That was the Christian Bale one
They were going to do a Batman with Batfleck
But I don't know if that's actually happening or not
Maybe?
And Brad from Pod Culture does have a good point
He says DC television is way better than the DC movies
That also requires a time commitment
That I would be taking away from
At least
I would be taking away from finishing Luke Cage and Iron Fist
And Daredevil before Defenders comes out
That's my problem TV
TV is such a huge time
Because I only give a shit about things that involve Jessica Jones
I've heard that it's safe to skip Iron Fist
And you're not missing anything
I
I've always liked Iron Fist and I read a good
Bit of Iron Fist and Power Man
In like the early 80's
What I want to see
Is a Misty Knight and Colin Wing series
I want to see Daughters of the Dragon
That would make me
So happy
So make it happen
I remember what I was going to say about Hulu
So I tried watching a show on Hulu
Well Hulu does have the Golden Girls
So we're thankful for Hulu for that
But I tried watching a show that
Shane or somebody thought I would like called Difficult People
And I thought it was so
Like I really tried to
I watched a good like 7 or 8 episodes of it
And I'm like this show is just not funny
Like people
It bothers me in shows
When people don't
Talk right
That was the problem in Difficult People
Was that they would talk about something
And then it was like oh here's this completely
Like side reference to a pop culture event
That maybe 2% of America
Is familiar with type of thing
That's not talking to me
Which I understand kind of why
That type of show exists in that format
It's like Family Guy in real life almost
It's kind of like
Oh so it's not bad funny the way that Seinfeld wasn't funny
Yeah no no
But then the other show
This is the one that gets me
And I swear I'll get back to video games
But TV is important too
Gilmore Girls is the other show I can't fucking watch
Because of that I tried watching Gilmore Girls
And people love Gilmore Girls
And I tried watching it and I'm like
People don't fucking talk like that
It is driving me up a fucking wall
The way they talk on the show
Anyway sorry Jamie I had to get that off my chest
Well you said Golden Girls
Did you see Golden Girls Clue?
Oh of course
Like 2 people posted it to your wall
Thank you for noticing yes 2 people posted it to my wall
Which is I never
Get mad and I never go and say
Somebody else beat you to it because I go
I'm touched that people
Think of me when they think of the Golden Girls
The only thing I have to say about Golden Girls Clue is
Could they not
Afford Estelle Getty's license
Or likeness like what the fuck is up with that box art
Like she doesn't
Look right at all
Who did Blanche do?
In which room?
In which room and with what
Prophylactics
Come on confide in me and chat says
Binge the British version of Queer as Folk
Oh years ago
I saw it years ago
I love all the Doctor Who references in that show
Yes actually yeah
Like when he's at the pub and his co-workers like
Ex-dominate
I think I watched that around the time that the
Eccleston Doctor Who episodes are coming out
And somebody told me that it was the same director
And I was like after watching the British
Queer as Folk I was like oh that's fucking obvious
This guy is a total boner for Doctor Who
What's his fuck
Wrestle T Davies
And then there was the American Queer as Folk
Which was
How many
Good British shows get ruined when they're Americanized
It was a thing that we had
In the olden days ten years ago
For representation
And boy we've come a long way
Let's just leave it at that
I would say
For British shows coming to America
The Office wasn't bad
But I love the British Office
The Ma Na Ma Na scene
Like cracked me up so fucking hard
On the British Office like in just ways
That TV here never makes me laugh that hard
You know what else got fucked up? Being human
I watched the shit out of that
Out of the British version
And then we got the US one and I tried to
Watch the first episode and I was like no I can't
But did you know that the first episode
Of the Office in the US and the first episode of the
Office in the UK are the same like script
Like they might have done some
Cuts because the commercials is different over there
But like
It's like the same script and I was like wow
It's so different though
But I think a lot of that is just the strength of
Ricky Gervais
Versus you know
Why can't I think Steve Carell
You know and just kind of like how they are
Yeah that guy
Alright we got to move on y'all
Let's get back into some gaming news
We're going to do some rapid fire news
Yes so this is kind of an interesting experiment
But you know
Goes to show you can watch almost anything on Twitch
So they have
This cool
Neural network
Named Charles and what Charles does
Is it's learning how to
Drive I guess self driving
Cars almost in Grand Theft Auto
5 so basically
It's basing all the data off
Of what it sees
In the actual screenshots
And everything to make its decision
So you can actually watch it drive
And
Or drive poorly because that's
Kind of what happens sometimes but
It's pretty interesting so that's one thing
You can check out on
Twitch
And then of course you know
The user you'd want to look for
Is Sentdex
Is the guy that's hosting that so check that out
Because it's kind of interesting
I watched a few minutes of that and I was entertained
And then
Finally we're going to get
A release date for South Park
The Fractured But Whole
That's going to be coming out in October
So October 17th
Is when it's going to be coming out
And with that they have
Released a new trailer which I
Do need to watch and I do want to pick up the game
Because the first one was awesome
Do we think it will actually
Come out? I think this time
I think it's ready
I hope so too
And I know a lot of people are looking forward to that game
And really I'm one of them I think it's going to be a good game
By the way I have to answer this
In chat because it's important
Ragenator in chat says
Speaking of Twitch I've heard that every episode of
Mr. Rogers Neighborhood is coming to Twitch
You're late to the party Ragenator
It's been going on for a few days now actually
We were watching
The other night and I think we were in the
Episodes from 1969 so it was in color
They're probably in the early 70's by now
But I mean that marathon
Is going to be going on a while because Mr. Rogers
That show didn't end until
2001
It was like 30 years worth of television
It was a long time so they got a lot of episodes to go
However I got to say
Yes I've been watching some Mr. Rogers on Twitch
And again chat
Fucking makes it
Kudos to the chatters who
Make that an experience
So are there any awesome memes coming out of this?
No not really the same thing but it's like
The type of stuff like when
There was one episode he was doing
He was doing like a seesaw
He was weighing the fruit or something
And when it balanced
People were like Vak, Vak
He's cheating and all this stuff
Science, OMG
The little emotes and all that
People are really funny
There's of course some of the
Stupid shit that you would expect too
Whenever Lady Abberline
What's the real life lady
That plays, not Lady Elaine
The funky nose one
Lady Abberline is her name or something
Aberdeen?
The one who's like
Like his niece or something
Yeah, yeah
Maybe in chat, chat probably
Knows it too, when she shows up
Some toilet comments show up in chat
But it's not like, it doesn't cross the line
Like it's just like, you kind of
Chalk it up to the whole like
Lady Abberline
Oh it's pervy dude
At home or whatever
Who is named Betty Abberline
Everything is like their names
It's funny because obviously I haven't
Watched Mr. Rogers neighborhood in a very
Fucking long time right
But like many of you
I watched it every fucking day
When I was like 5 or 6 years old
Picture picture is my fucking jam
So all that stuff
It's kind of fascinating to go back now
And it's like
The characters really talk like that
Meow, meow, meow, meow, hello
Meow, meow, meow, meow
Adventure, meow, meow, meow
I was like, how did that not drive me up a
Fucking wall, but
Isn't that how your cat talks?
No, my cat
Is meow, meow, meow, feed me
I was like, mom
Mom
Alright
Anyhow, sorry for the tangent
We're back on TV
That one's worthwhile cause they're raising
Money for PBS I think at the end of the day
I gotta say
A fucking smart way to do it
In this day and age
You guys probably all remember back in the day
When you would watch Mr. Rogers
Then you'd have the telethon comes on
If you send us $50
You'll get a free t-shirt or a free book
Or a free VHS tape
Of a night at the opera or something
They would always have those telethons
Like somebody at PBS
And probably because of Bob Ross
Okay, let's not
It's because of Bob Ross
Changed the fucking game at Twitch
I'm sure now
PBS was like, wait a minute
We wanna do a fundraiser or something over there
We get like 321 contact or something like that
Fuck, Square One television
Square One still hasn't been released
On DVD
They need to do something about that
Can you imagine MathNet
I'm gonna stay up
For 72 hours straight when that happens
I'll watch MathNet
Didn't they release MathNet as a separate program
At some point
Like Friday
Okay, here we go on TV again
Friday would always be
The extended
MathNet episode
There was only a couple
Maybe they would have a MathMan
In the very beginning
The rest of the episode was MathNet
Another really cool thing that PBS did
To raise money was on YouTube
They remixed certain themes like a year or two ago
And those are
Oh yeah, some of those are
On the music feed
They're amazing
And Mr. Rogers has one too
Mr. Rogers has one, I think Reading Rainbow has one
And I think Julia Child has one
Julia Child, love it
Anyway, back to video games
But the worlds are coming
As Twitch is airing this stuff
It's like our video game and TV worlds
Are blending together
Anyway, how would you like to buy a video game box
For five dollars
Yes, you can buy a video game box for five dollars
It is the Nintendo Switch
Splatoon 2 bundle
Excuse me, hiccups
If you can't afford the bundle
Or perhaps you already own all the stuff
Inside it
But you just want to have a box
For your collection
You can buy one for 540 yen in Japan
And I should stress
This is on the My Nintendo Store in Japan
It's not something they're doing here in the US
There is no Switch inside
No manuals, no boxes, no cords
It's just the box
The main box
No little boxes inside of games or anything
So you could also buy this to prank somebody
Set it up for really
Pranky eBay auctions
Oh yeah, yeah
Or I'm going to get Loki a gift
On a future episode of OLR
That's completely empty
It's going to be a Splatoon 2 box
And inside will just be a note that says
I put all of your positive things
About Nintendo inside this box
And it's empty
Those cartridges are so light that you wouldn't be able to tell if you lifted it up
It's true
The switches are pretty light as it is
A lot of those boxes have instructions on the inside
Have you looked inside the boxes?
Oh yeah, the boxes, that's what they do now
They do a one sheet print on the back
And that's it
But anyway
Keep in mind, this box is the system box
So it's not
No, it's not the game box
Alright, anyhow
One other thing to mention about
Speaking about Nintendo and so forth
It's a Mario Kart 8 patch that came out
You may have noticed that 1.1 version of Mario Kart 8 came out
And it adjusted the time zone issue
That we bitched about with the tournament thing last week
So to be fair
Nintendo fixed that, yay
However, they also changed Inkling Girl's animation
Apparently
She was giving an animation
I never really noticed this in her old animation
But she was giving the Up Yours animation
Which like
Here is not super offensive
Unless there's a finger coming out of it, right?
But I suppose overseas
In parts of Europe and so forth
Yeah exactly, what she just did there
That is a little more
Hold your bicep and pump through your fist
That's an insult
It's the same as the middle finger basically
Except if you're in
Parts of Europe, namely England
The two fingers
Where they see the back of your hand
That's right
So in America your IQ is one
In Britain your IQ is two
That's how it works
It's like one punch versus two punches
That's how many licks you're gonna get
Alright, so
There it is
Again, if you want to know why that animation changed
That's because in another country
It is not polite
DarkSakura, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
Some stuff
Actually one of the Switch games I've been mildly interested in
Has been Arms
Which would be why I'd want to get
A Switch I think
But they are getting a global
Test punch event
It's actually available right now
Apparently on the eShop
So if you want to see if you like it
Test it!
Punch it in the face!
Arms
Ok that sucked
So also in other news
We have the E3
2001 livestream plans
For Sony
Monday June 12th
Is gonna be at
5pm Tuesday June 13th
From 12pm to 6pm
Live programming
Wednesday June 14th from 12 to 6
And Thursday June 15th from 12 to 4
So you'd be able to watch it all
There are quests to unlock
Rewards and
Different trailers
To watch and the whole thing will also
Be streamed on YouTube and Twitch
Well good luck to my buddy
Who I'm sure is going to be a part of this
Who used to listen to OLR years and years ago
And now does that stuff with Sony
Yay!
I'm sure he'll be in that
That's what a lot of the companies are doing now
When you can take your message direct to the people like that
We know Nintendo is doing a similar thing with Treehouse
Obviously Sony's got their thing going on
We don't know of Microsoft
Microsoft doesn't really have like a
People team right now
Like I know they have Major Nelson
He's kind of like the face of Xbox and so forth
I don't know, or am I mistaking something?
Yes I know there's the MVP program
And so forth but those folks
Aren't really like on camera
Or doing anything with that
So Microsoft doesn't really, like who would host a Microsoft stream
If they did something all day long
I guess it would be Major Nelson
But that's a lot for one person to do
Beam?
That's a good thought, that's actually a really good thought
We see on Twitch TV
We see a lot of the streaming from
Heroes of the Storm championships
Or League of Legends type of thing
So sure if Microsoft wanted to do an all day long thing
Beam would be a great place to do it for them
To get some more eyes and accounts over there
When they stream
Their events actually normally
They have it through Microsoft's own site
They've got their Silverlight
Plug in thing that they use
Were they the ones that had
Adam Sessler and Morgan Webb? Or is that Bethesda?
That's Bethesda
Bethesda, okay, my bad
I thought somebody was using, yeah
Bethesda was using them, so
Microsoft's the only one that kind of
Doesn't really do the same type of thing as the other companies
Which you know, whatever works for them
Alright
Moving on, let's travel around the world and check out
What you're going to be getting in stores this week
A little sooner than E3, Loki
We actually have a Wii U game coming out
Darksiders WarMastered Edition
Out on the Wii U
Also Disgaea 5 Complete
On the Nintendo Switch
Embers of Murm
On PC and Playstation 4
Impact Winter
On PC
Oh god, I'm going to butcher this
But let's see, Utawari
Rumono
Mask of Deception on Playstation 4
And Vita
Switch, finally coming out on PC
Drive Girls on Vita
Friday the 13th
The game on
PC, Playstation 4, and Xbox One
Oh, some people looking forward to that
That's pretty awesome, so that's coming out this week as well
On Friday
Still not going to be like the NES version
Which I'm sorry, the NES version
Gets a bad rap, it's not as bad as
Y'all make it out to be
Was it an action figure that you could buy that actually they had
Yes
Let's see, Get Even
On PC, Playstation 4
And Xbox One
Guilty Gear Xrd
Revision 2 on
Playstation 4 and Playstation 3
Rime on PC
Playstation 4 and Xbox One
Samurai Warriors
Spirit of Sinata
On Playstation 4 and
PC
And finally this week we're getting Ultra Street Fighter 2
The final challengers
On the Nintendo Switch
That's it
Let's travel to Japan
No really, let's go to Japan
I'm gonna go
Captain Spike over at Game Buoy just got back from Japan
They did a great episode on that
Princess Irene is on her way to Japan
She left either yesterday or today
I want to go to Japan
But again, I'm worried
Because I don't speak Japanese
I know AkumaJP would help me out
He's a great pal
You'd actually be surprised the number of people
Who do speak some English
Oh yeah?
I wouldn't want one person to have to worry about me
For a whole trip while I'm out there
It's a lot to ask one person
Immersion is really good for our education
I guess that's true
Imagine if I could come back and I could actually pronounce
Japanese release dates
You should let me do them sometime
We were gonna trade at one point but then something happened
Oh you got pulled from the show for a few months
And we never ended up switching
You can take a semester of Japanese and you'd probably get
A lot better with the pronunciation
Education? I know right?
Actually what's funny is that
I am working on studying again
To try to pass the
First round of JLPT
I think that's what I'm gonna do
With the bidi fund
I'm gonna set my bidi fund on Twitch
So that once I get like $2,000
I'll go to Japan
Funny that you mentioned
There's a game, I think it's an RPG maker game
That's on Steam that's about learning Japanese
I picked it up, I just don't remember what it is
We talked about that on the show once
Is that the Fight Slimes Learn Japanese one?
I don't think that's what it was called
I know there was only 10 years ago
I don't remember it because it's
Somewhere by Steam library
Good luck finding whatever game that was
Yeah
There is a game out there that
Teaches you Japanese
Alright
And by the way I wouldn't really spend the bidi money
Going to Japan, I probably buy new
Microphones for our studio because I'm gonna
Have to do that bidis or not pretty soon
Alright anyway
Let's travel around the world here to Japan
And virtually we'll talk about
What's coming out on the Playstation 4
We're getting back into some heavy releases now
With all that Golden Week stuff that happened earlier in the month
But we have Hyper Light Drifter
Is making its Japanese release on the Playstation 4 this week
On the 25th
Summer Lesson Miyamoto Hikari edition
And not to be confused with Nintendo's Miyamoto
This is some other type of
Education game I believe
It is a Playstation VR game which I think is very interesting
I'm not sure what it is
You're learning about in this game
But your instructor looks like
A nice Japanese girl that you're
Maybe it's kind of like immersion
I like this shirt that she's wearing
A yeah shirt with a shark on it
It's cute anyway
Miyamoto Hikari edition is out this week
And then Guilty Gear Xrd Rev 2
Is also out in Japan
This week as well
That is all on the 25th
On the 3DS this week
Nothing, things are slowing down there
On the Switch this week
The Ultra Street Fighter release
Is also making its way to Japan this week
So you have that to look forward to
And then lastly looking at the Vita for this week
Sengoku Hime 7
Is out this week
In a regular and a limited edition
And Love of Love Emperor of Love
That's a whole lot of love
A limited edition on the Vita this week
So check that out
And those games, and I guess I didn't pick it up
Or at least I don't see it in my life
Learn Japanese to Survive
Yes, oh I do have it
Learn Japanese to Survive Hiragana Battle
Is what I've got
I have that one, I actually just bought the Katakana Battle
Even though I read Katakana better than Hiragana
I'll have to check that out
That's the reverse for me
Too many of the Katakana look similar to each other for me
It's just because I've read too many labels
Because if it's something that's Western
It's in Katakana
I still remember one of the first things I ever bought you
Dark Sakura when we were first friends
Was I bought you a Japanese copy of Harry Potter
Do you know I still have it?
Oh I would hope so
It's on my shelf with the little jacket on it
And it still has the insert in it where it explains what a crumpet is
No seriously
That's right
The inner part goes through
What different
Foreign terms would be
Jumper is used in the book
Why didn't the American editions have that?
Because we don't know what crumpets are
Keep in mind
The British one was
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
And they changed
I have the British and the US one
They changed a lot
When you get further on
Through the books, the last book is more
Dead even
Because I've read both of those two
But still it's a lot of
They actually shot like two different movies
Yeah but really it was just scenes that
Refer to the item
Anyway I don't know why I
Thought of that but you talking about reading Japanese
Made me think oh remember that book
It's because reading is fundamental
Reading is what?
What part of a lip sync don't you understand, Jamie?
That part
I'd like to keep it on please
The same parts
The same parts
That was a choice
Moving on, how about the UK Dark Saga
On the
What's today, the 21st?
On the 22nd, Trackmania 2
Lagoon for PC
On the 23rd, we have
Steel Division Normandy 44
Why can't it be Normandy SR2?
May 25th, we have Vanquish for PC
Samurai Warriors
Sanada Maru
Oh it's the same game
They just called it Spirit of Sanada
For the PC one
But it's PC and Playstation 4
And on the 26th
Rime for Xbone
PC and PS4
Stephanie
That's it, alright
Let's continue on with Dark Sakura
However because she's going to take a dive
Ain't gonna do it
In case you are
Why are you putting your phone number in your email?
Did somebody put their phone number in the email?
Yeah they did
One of these days I'm gonna call you live on air
We did that once
On a really really early OLR
We called somebody and it was so fucking awkward
Cause that person was having a bad day
You should just call my mom
I'm not gonna call that number
I would assume some people have it automatically
In their work emails that they email us from
Oh is it his signature?
Yeah it might be but still
Anyway I'm gonna call you
Just say hey it's Rob Roberts what you doing?
Hi baby
How you doing?
Well they didn't put a nickname in here so I'm just gonna call them Andrew
Okay
The email about the custom ITG machine last week reminded me
Oh here we go again
Here we go again
Another week
It's in the gate
It's what this is
The in the gate
I've always kind of wanted to get an arcade machine
I think Jamie said she has some
And I know Rob has talked about it before
Obviously space and funds are big hurdles
But I'm also a little afraid of spending a bunch of money
And then having a break and not being able to fix it
I'm not completely inept with technology
But I know enough to know that I know nothing Jon Snow
Do you have any tips or suggestions as far as places that sell them
Upkeeping machines etc?
My dream would be to own a DJ Max Technica 3 machine
I love that game so much
And the Vita and phone Technica games
Are merely serviceable limitations
A custom DDR ITG machine
Would probably be sweet too
And there are plenty of other arcade faves
I would enjoy having
Thanks Andrew
I will tell you this
Dan and I have owned a number of games over history
One of them was our original MAME cabinet
That Shermie lived in
We would pick up
When we were putting a MAME in those
We would just pick up
Husks of old games
And clean them up
And actually
Getting new arcade
I'd say full working arcade machines
Is not too far off than
Getting pinball tables
When Dan started
He was actually helping
A friend renovate
Some machines and getting them working
In exchange for our first pinball table
Which
We've had some
Stinkers over time
But working on them
Taught Dan how to keep working on them
You just don't do it until
You do it
But we've picked up machines on craigslist
We got
Our Gyruss
And you've played our Gyruss
Our Gyruss is in good shape
All we had to do was fix a fuse in it
So you're suggesting
That maybe even though this person
Knows nothing about arcade machines
Admittedly
I'm happy you referred to me in the email
But the only arcade machine in my house
Is a custom thing that Loki built
That I haven't turned on in two years
Because I think I unplugged something
And I don't know how to fix it
But at the same time
I don't really use it a lot
I've thought about it
I was gonna say
That was a bar top cabinet
Kit that I bought
I mean you can honestly just build one of your own
But I just didn't want to cut all this shit out
So really all it would take
Is just
Throw a computer inside
Put a monitor on a computer
And run MAME
That's probably the cheapest
Doing a Dance Dance Revolution cabinet
That's gonna be fucking expensive and difficult
Because either A, you're gonna have to build something yourself
And most likely if you're gonna do that
Just build some really nice pads
Instead of actually having a whole cabinet
Because it's gonna be a hassle
To fit that in your house
Or wherever you're gonna put it
And then just
It'd be probably cheaper anyway
Back in the day you could get a third mix on the cheap
And put anything in it
But now they're all different hardware
And people want that stuff to do that
Here's something that's becoming, are we done with the email yet?
Well not quite because I was gonna bring up another suggestion
Okay I'm gonna bring on
I actually know a subject matter expert on this
Because I just texted him we're gonna bring on on this
So in just a moment
I was just gonna say there's
A web show on YouTube
Called John's Arcade
Do you know who hosts that?
John from Video Game Outsiders who used to be on All Games with us
Back in the day
Yeah right?
Look what he's doing now
And look what we're doing now
I like to say that I like to watch
His show because he does go into the guts
Of the restoration
He answers questions for people
And I would probably say he's done a lot more renovation
Than Dan and I have done
He's learned a lot from his podcasting years
That he's applying to his YouTube medium
Yeah if I had a basement I would have an arcade
Yeah
Alright I'm gonna do a quick phone call here
Okay
So this might be somebody you want to say hello to as well
We're actually gonna call her live on air
So this is my pal
Melody
We're gonna take this call here
And I warned her that this is coming through
And she might have some people
She said she's in the car
That she's gonna take this call in the car
Hi is Melody there? Hi
Hi
Hi Melody it's Rob Roberts
Here at Orange Lounge Radio
How are you my dear?
I'm doing great how are you doing tonight?
I am good and thank you for agreeing
To come on last minute but you know sometimes we get emails
Okay we get emails here on the show
I don't know the answer to this question
But I know somebody who does
And this is what happened tonight is we got an email
About and the question was about
I want to get
Can you paraphrase what was that question we got
I want to own a DDR machine basically right?
Yeah one of them was I want to own a DDR machine
So I think we need to suggest something that's easy to maintain
And relatively on the cheap
So tell us a little bit about your home arcade
Melody
The one that keeps expanding
Until we run out of space
Which is now
We started out with one
DDR Solo 2000
That I'm with DJ Melvis right now
And it was his
And the board on it died
It had a bad RAM chip
So we have a friend who managed to hook a PS2
Into it so it runs off
It's a giant PS2 essentially
Then we stumbled
Into a friend who was selling
Para Para Paradise
Which is the game how can you
Brought that home
Then went to California Extreme
The gaming show and realized
I love Dance Maniacs
And wanted to own one
And I got lucky in that
I googled around and found one
And then decided we wanted
Another DDR machine
So I hopped on good old eBay
And discovered
When I was looking for
DDR Extreme
I found Revolution X
And we all went
Oh, that would be fun to own
So that came home from Indiana
Then
A special Revolution X
And that's my friend Christine in the back
We're all in the car right now
Hi kids
So
Then we ended up
Getting a friend's gauntlet
Because he doesn't have space
And then we decided we wanted
Another DDR when a friend of mine
Was talking to me about it
So we currently have
3 DDRs, a Para Para Paradise
A Dance Maniac, Gauntlet, and Revolution X
All in one garage
Even I don't know how you've
And you've even gone so far as to
Carpet your garage at this point
Yes
If I'm right don't y'all have a
We have two disco balls now
You almost
Can't see the black light carpet now
Because there's just so many machines in there
One little sliver of carpet
Wow
It is turning out to be quite amazing
And if I'm right don't y'all have a single
Car garage?
Yeah
Technically it's a two car garage
But you'd have to get really friendly with that second car
They call it a two car garage
But literally the two cars
Are nothing else
I know what you're talking about
And trust me
I feel your pain because we've got
Two disco balls in my garage now
And three arcade cabinets
And I'm very jealous of that World Cup
You know that's my baby
And y'all are always welcome to come over and play anytime
Okay so here's the thing
I want to get answered for our emailer
Now obviously when it comes to the money
When it comes to the money
I'm not going to ask how you afforded it
Because that's nobody's business
If y'all want something bad enough you save for it
That's what it is
So when it comes to the money you just have to save the money
How did you know that what you were going to get was a good quality?
It sounds like you took
You had a friend of a friend
Referral in a couple of those cases
So you kind of knew that that was good
But you did the eBay thing
How did you know that you were going to buy something that was going to work?
I asked a lot of questions
In that case
That was actually for the Revolution X
For those of us who don't know what Revolution X is
It's a 1990's
Shooter game starring
Aerosmith
And it is fantastic
Fantasticly bad
But it is a lot of fun
But I was
Smart enough to kind of know what I was looking at
I played it before once or twice
Mel and Christine
Have both played it several times
So I asked them
What should I be asking
And just asked a lot of detailed questions
When you can't get out
To actually try the machine yourself
It's important to know what you're looking at
And just
You're spending a lot of money on an investment
They need to answer your questions
If you're not comfortable with it, someone else is going to have another machine
And you're going to be fine with that one
I think that's some really solid advice
Melody, I'm going to let you go
Because obviously this segment
Has taken like 10 minutes of our time now
But I really appreciate you letting me do this to you last minute
Yeah, not a problem
Quite honestly, you know how to get a hold of me
If they have more questions, I'm willing to answer
Quite honestly, if any listeners have questions
I'm willing to do what I can to help
I mean, I'm not an expert
By any stretch of the imagination
But I've done this a few times now
So if people have questions on what they should be looking for
Or how to look for it
I'm happy to help out
Do you have a Twitter?
I do have a Twitter
What is my Twitter?
anonymous
There you go
So you can get a hold of our direct
You don't have to go through us
You can reach out to anonymous directly
And get your questions answered
About DDR home ownership
Thank you so much you guys
Have a safe drive wherever you're going
Have fun storming the castle
Have a good dinner guys
I did a quick search
Bye, take care
Did a quick search on eBay
And every now and then you can find some pretty good deals
Too bad it's in Washington
I made a third mix
It's missing the hardware
But the pads and everything
It's kind of torn apart
But $167 for the whole cabinet
What? Wow
So I was like, fuck
That's all I would want right there
It's just the pads anyway
It's a good deal, too bad it's in Washington
Jump on that, ends tomorrow
So if you're interested in the Washington area, there you go
And let this be a lesson to anybody that knows me
IRL
It's not the Rolodex I hate, but it's the one next to that
It's the little Rolodex in my head
That's like, oh, so and so has this
So and so does this
And when I hear it, I'm gonna call you
On a moment's notice
Like I just called Melody
There we go, anyway
It was funny, I was thinking of Melody in terms of the
DDR machines
And all the stuff you said about pinball
And all that's great, but I know
Oh my god, when I hear all this, I'm like, Melody
Owns the music game stuff
Now I didn't know that they had a Revolution X
And now I'm super jelly because I love
That stupid game, because you can go
And find like Steve Perry on the toilet
The last time I was over
There, we played Dance Mediacs
And they had just got the Revolution X
But the gauntlet is new and now
The carpeting, they're really making an
Arcade out of that, that's Mel's arcade
You wanna talk about John's arcade, now you got Mel's arcade
Competition on the west coast
Dan and I had an off talk about
Next time we look for another house
Of maybe doing a three car garage
So that he can have a place for the Mustang
The Mustang's got paint on it now
Get one of those insulated garages like I used to have
At the other house, I know that place
Got insanely hot, but with a swamp cooler
That place would have been a great
We had the tornado of doom
That was great, anyhow
Alright, last email, very long answer to that email
But a good one
As a follow up from last week, I neglected to specify
That my headphones are used more for my mobile
Devices than my computer and consoles
This is from Robert M by the way
Unfortunately by those standards, I really can't use
Any of the sets that you recommend
Coincidentally though, Ninja Sista and
Pandelicious of Electric Sista-hood
Began their show talking about
Checking out Lucid Sound LS30
Set, as well as the manufacturer
Set for Xbox One, I will definitely have to
Try out the former for myself
How funny, what a coincidence
But yay, yay Electric Sista-hood
I had the chance
To go to this year's Anime St. Louis
In St. Charles and
Was excited to find out that the game room
This year was set up by Tokyo Attack
Who I'm sure Ron was familiar with
I'm familiar with
What's in Rhode Island?
Yes, but they're all over the East Coast
I've also laid out their ads for DerpyCon
Funny
FYI, I've done the DerpyCon
Guidebook
For like four years now
If you're a music game fan on the East Coast, you know
Tokyo Attack, you do
Outstanding Japanese arcade games
Mostly music rhythm and a surprisingly
High representation of Konami machines
Then again, being music games
I got to play the WarioWare-like
The Bishibashi
I love Bishibashi
They have that at Japantown in the arcade
Is it the
Original Bishibashi or the Bishibashi
Special? I don't know what the difference is
Okay
And of course the Tea Table flipping game
I'm also there
Don't flip it unless you're playing it
I like that sign
Didn't stay as long as I probably should have
But enjoyed wondering
About seeing attendees' costumes
Lots of Overwatch, of course
Robert M
That's it
Great, awesome
Thanks for the emails you guys
If you want to email us in a future week
Participate at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to
Participate
To do those things
Alright, we're going to be taking your calls
Not only do we call out sometimes, but sometimes
I'll call in over at OrangeLoungeRadio
All one word on Skype
But we'll get to those calls after some more news
First off, Loki
It's like this never ends, but
You may remember
It's been a big deal with the whole ZeniMax
Oculus suit
Well that's concluded, of course, with Oculus
Owing ZeniMax some money
So what's the next step?
ZeniMax, of course, is going after Samsung
Because Samsung
Makes a device called the Gear VR
Which is powered by Oculus
Which is powered by profit for
Bethesda, because they feel that it
Fringes on their intellectual
Property
Is this the same thing? Bobby was talking a lot about
VR stuff on his show tonight, he was talking about something where like
There was a conversation that happened
With like a former, and this whole lawsuit
Is coming from a freaking conversation
That happened between like a
Former employee of a company
It sounded like a stretch
He described it much better than I could because
Admittedly, do not follow all the VR
Drama as much as he does, but you know
Yeah, they're very litigious
So hopefully, I'm wondering
With this, if that's going to be
More of a stretch, because it's like
I don't know how much is really powered by Oculus
I mean, because it's just
It's just a damn image with
It's a basic case
There's no real hardware in the
The device, so I don't know
It might be a little bit trickier, but
But they feel that they have precedent
Based off the last Oculus
Are they drunk with power now? Because what happened with Facebook
Is that's what's happening?
Dude, I get it
That you're suing these people
Let's see you put a VR device in
If you're going to sue all these people over
Your technology being used
Let's see what this is going to be
Are you going to sit on it?
I just don't fucking care
I mean, like
Fallout VR might be cool, but
I don't know
Hey, like a
Skyrim type of VR thing
Might be really rad
I'd be down with that too
Alright, well let's move on to something else
That I think a lot of us were down with
And then it was suddenly gone
Y'all know how Scalebound got cancelled, right?
Microsoft was teaming up with
Platinum Games to do Scalebound
And it just got cancelled a couple months ago
Which, unfortunately
There's a variety of reasons why this could have happened
It could have been because nobody in Japan
Has an Xbox One and maybe Microsoft
Has just decided they're not going to
Continue to pursue the Japanese market, I don't know
Or perhaps deadlines were not
Being met, I don't know
But, here's the interesting
Again, these are rumors, but the interesting rabble rabble
Going around right now is that this
Project might not actually
Be dead, but this is coming
From the fact that Microsoft has renewed
The trademark
There are rumors in addition to that
That are saying the teams are working
On salvaging the project
Possibly even
Reworking it from the ground up
Without Platinum being involved
Talk about it
Wouldn't Platinum's
Logos still have to be on it?
Because they kind of started the development
And would own the name Scalebound?
They wouldn't necessarily own it
But they would be partial owners with it with Microsoft
Right? Even though they might not end up
Developing this game at all?
I know, lots of rumors
And who knows what, this could be a very
If this shows up at E3
This is going to be a very
Audible gasp type of moment
During the presser
I was all that hot on Scalebound to begin with
I'd be like, yeah, that's neat
I don't think I'd be
Audible gasp
Well, I mean, because there's going to be
A lot of people that are like, whoa
Platinum totally got shafted
In that whole deal, so
It's not like Platinum makes
Stinker games, like Bayonetta, Bayonetta 2
Hello, those are like some of the best video games ever made
Starbucks
Oh yeah, that's right, Platinum did do that
Well, okay, not everything's a winner
They also did, I think it was Platinum
They did Anarchy Reigns
Which wasn't that great either
Vanquish was good
Whatever, not everybody's going to be
Hitting everything out of the ballpark
All the time
After all, Rockstar did make
Rockstar Table Tennis, but that's not necessarily
A genre that I'm interested in
Hi, Allen's back
Hello, Platinum Games makes great
Games, but they make great niche games
That's their thing, they don't
Really make games with mass appeal
Which I'm sure a lot of people
Love Platinum Games because
They will do that good, weird shit
But the rumor of like
Is Platinum Games Studio going to
Shut down because Microsoft totally
Screwed them over with this
Basically it's like
Is this a sign
That the studio is failing because
They can't make a massive
Blockbuster, but it's like that's
Not what they do, like Bayonetta 2
Probably one of the best action fighting
Beat em up games ever
But it was made on the Wii U and even then
If any fucking Wii U game
Needs to be re-released, it's that
Seriously, so Platinum Games is great, but they
Just, they don't
Because they're always looking for
The new weird shit
Maybe that's one of the things
That Microsoft didn't like about them, they take too long
And they're like, we don't know
What you're doing with this, this is too weird for us
Maybe that's it
But I'm sure Platinum Games
Is going to be just fine, there are rumors
Very, very, very big rumors
Of Bayo 3
With some things that showed up in the PC release
And just the fact
That Bayonetta deserves another game
Even if the second game was on Wii U
Nintendo may recognize that it's their own damn fault
It didn't sell, and they may be back in the third one
I was so happy when Bayonetta
PC port showed up out of nowhere
Because I thought, they have all the Devil May Cry shit
On here, why don't they do
Bayonetta, when it happened
It's so awesome, but we'll never
We will never get Bayonetta 2
On PC because Nintendo
Paid every penny for that game
So hopefully they're paying for a third game
So I don't care, I want anyway
But yeah, I realize it's not realistic
A true internet gamer
I don't care if it doesn't make sense
I want it, and I'm going to be mad if I don't get it
Alright, moving on
Let's go to another story
Dark Sakura
Well this one made my heart sing
You?
Me, my shriveled little heart
Inflated three sizes
Basically
There is a blind gamer
Blind gamer in Japan
Who sent Nintendo
Yeah, there's the gasp
That sent Nintendo a
A letter, not asking for
Nintendo's been known to replace
Broken games and things
When customers have been incredibly sad by it
If their circumstances
In particular
The dad wrote out the letter
From his son
And I will
Go ahead and read the letter
Basically, the son's name is Hibiki
And he has retinoblastoma
In both eyes
So he's been blind since he was two years old
I'll read the letter
Dear Nintendo, hello, my name is Hibiki Sakai
And I am in fifth grade
I am blind, but I've always wanted
To play video games like everybody else
But there aren't many games
I can play at all
The one game I can really play is Rhythm Tengoku
For those who don't know, that's Rhythm Heaven
It's the only game I can enjoy
Together with others
And I never lose at it
I've gotten perfect scores on all the versions
On the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, Wii
And 3DS too
So I really, really
Want you to make more Rhythm Tengoku games
And it's perfectly fine if you make them
A little harder too
I think that there are a lot of other kids with visual impairments
Who want to play video games but can't
So I'd love for you to develop more games
For people with handicaps to enjoy playing with others
I will always support you Nintendo
From Hibiki Sakai
So Nintendo replied
First of all
With a letter in Braille
Which I thought was pretty neat
And then a printed one
I guess for Dad to read
And so the response from that is
Thank you so much for sending us here
At Nintendo your heartwarming letter
We're so happy to hear that you've perfected
And enjoyed Rhythm Tengoku, Rhythm Tengoku Gold
Mina no Rhythm Tengoku
And Rhythm Tengoku the best
We have passed on your letter to Nintendo's
Development department
We want to keep making games that everyone can have fun playing
So thank you for your support
So
Also the kid plays the drums really well too
Did you watch the video?
I didn't watch the video
He plays drums pretty well
But yeah I just thought that it was neat
Because there was another thing on here
Where his dad said that
He was going under surgery
That will quote
Be nothing but days full of pain and tears
So that he can
Hopefully regain some vision
Or have his eyes taken care of
But it's just
You know we have some
Some listeners
Who have some visual impairment
Others who
Have you know
All kinds of
I would say
Limited abilities
In some physical aspects
Be it
You know like we were talking about vision
Hearing, mobility
Autism, hello
You know other things
And I think that it's great that
Nintendo
Took the time to respond to that
Letter and acknowledge that
There are people out there who play games
Who may not be
Your generally abled person
So
I thought it was really good
No that's awesome
And I really super love that they replied
With a braille letter
Well done Nintendo, kudos
And also I
Probably not going to hear this but I do hope
Hibiki's surgery goes well
Same
Alright thank you for sharing that nice story DarkSarka
Appreciate it
Alright we just have a couple more stories for you guys
So speaking of more VR stuff
This is pretty cool
So a
I guess a
Half Life 2 mod
Or a Half Life 2
VR mod
For the Oculus Rift and Vive
Has been in the works since 2013
It just made its way through
Steam Greenlight
So hopefully that means
It will be coming out relatively soon
So having the project on Steam
Of course will make it easier for them to develop
So they're allowed to do this even though Half Life
Isn't really their game
I think so yeah, there's been other mods that have gotten
Like Gary's mod is out there right
Well Gary's mod, there's also
Some Portal side story
Stuff that they had that they released
Granted those were free, I'm not sure if this
Is going to cost anything when it comes out
Maybe not, maybe it might be
A free thing, so I don't know
If you have
Half Life or something like that
Or a Valve game that you'll be able to play this
Alright
Well, unfortunately
Ending on a not so great
Note tonight, but I just want to take a minute to let
You all know, if you didn't know
That I guess this was on May 13th
That this actually happened, but
American voice actor John
Sigan, I don't know if I said that right, I'm really sorry
If I mispronounced that, but he passed away
And he was more
Probably known to you guys as an actor
In the Metal Gear series
He was Solidius Snake
In Metal Gear Solid 2
Sons of Liberty, but he was also in
Some other TV productions and so forth
And he did Mafia 3, he was in that game
As well, so
Unfortunately
We lost him this week, so rest in peace
Alright, we're going to
Move on to the Skype line
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word
On Skype is the place you can call us
And we'll
Take your calls, Orange Lounge Radio again
All one word on Skype
It is already lighting up in here
Let's get to some calls and take some calls
Oh my god
Hi Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey Zaku, long time
I know, I know, the struggle
Was kind of real, but it was only
Because I finally
Let's say, switched careers
Well not so much switched careers, but switched jobs
New phone, who dis?
Yeah
I'm starting a new job tomorrow
So as a result, yeah
I had to stay away from things like OLR for a bit
Although you did see me in December
When I was out on the West Coast
Briefly
Well what's on your mind tonight?
Nothing much, other than the fact that
Things like E3 is looming
And the fact that I got
Well, another one that I caught was like
The fact that free to play
Doesn't necessarily mean
You know
It doesn't necessarily mean
That everyone's on the same page
Case in point, I don't know
If you read this article recently
Where one YouTube streamer
Basically got
Threatened with a
Strike on their account because
Wargaming, the folks who make World of Tanks
Didn't like the fact that they were
That he was basically bashing
Their
New tank that essentially
Played a win-grab
That's designed to maximize
The amount of profit
You know, for these freemium games
I really fucking hate
When copyright holders, and this is a problem
I put this squarely on YouTube
Honestly, for having this system set up in the first place
But I hate when copyright holders
Kind of abuse that to
Try to strike down, you know, things that are
Critical, and that's what it is
It's a criticism, and it's not like
Unfounded criticism either
It's, you know, like you say
Potentially a play to win type of situation
And people have a right to kind of know about that
Just like, you know, when Siskel
And Ebert use a clip from a movie
To drive home the point that this movie might be kind of
Fucking terrible, then
Obviously I'm dating myself using that reference
But you know what I mean, those names live on
And mean any movie reviewers
That are out there, they use a clip
And they might be critical of it
The movie people aren't like, well we're
Gonna fucking sue your show, and
You're never going to be able to review our movie again
I'm sure somebody's tried that, but it doesn't
Fucking work, because, you know,
We have, that's why we have fair use laws
To be able to comment on that stuff
But on the other hand, to be fair
This one, he was part
Of a particular program
That gives said people
Insider access to upcoming
DLC
If they want to kick him out of the program, fine
But he has every right to say, I got
Kicked out of the program because I
Went against the grain, and I wouldn't
True, but at the same token
The reason why they're after him in particular
Is because of the fact that he actually
Cursed him out in a YouTube video
Like he cursed out Wargaming
He essentially
He essentially bit the hand that
Fed him
Well, now when we're getting into the level
Now when we're talking about unprofessionalism
Yeah
Now, okay, now my opinion starts to sway
A little bit, is that okay, well
If you're unprofessional, then yes, you were gonna
Get kicked out of the club. However
I would still say he has
A right to be critical, but you
Have to expect that if you're unprofessional
In the way that you do it, you're gonna get kicked
Out of the special club, and you're not gonna be able to
Get some of those perks
But they also copyright strike his videos too
Did they end up doing that?
See, that's a low blow in my opinion
Yeah, they did that
Just because of the fact that
Even though, yes, you have a right to criticize
You know, under copyright law
You have the right to criticize something
Something copyrighted, but whether or not
Like he's violating any
Any NDA or any type of
Agreement that he signed as part of joining
The contributors program, that's probably where they're
They're trying to
Protect that copyright, in addition to
Also protecting their brand by not
By trying to essentially
Not associate their brand
With someone who essentially
You know, uses F-bombs to
You know, to make their point about
Something, to vent their frustration
But not do it in a very professional manner
And they don't
But they don't owe him a goddamn thing
And that's important too
And I say that to anybody
That's trying to get into this medium
The YouTubes, the Twitches, the podcasting
And all this stuff, and this is one lesson
We've learned over the past 15 years
Not that I ever think we were guilty of committing it
But one thing, you know, I gotta let you all know
Is, you know, nobody
Owes you a goddamn thing
You're gonna have to work for it, you know
And that's what it boils
Down to at the end of the day, when it comes to
Viewers, when it comes to
Free products, when it comes to
Getting into E3 and all this stuff
Nobody fucking owes you shit
And you're gonna have to really work and prove
And that's
Where people sometimes get into a tricky
Tricky area, because some people
Are like, I wanna be in the circle
I wanna be somebody that's gonna be
Recognized, so I'm gonna be a mouthpiece
For these organizations and I'm gonna
Say everything that they wanna hear
Because I wanna be accepted, I wanna be loved
And I wanna go to all these parties
But then you're kind of, you know
Losing, so it's like
It's a really tricky
Balance you have to do
Where it's like, you can be nice
To your, and you can be
Professional, this is where this guy went wrong
As he was unprofessional, you can be nice
You can be professional to all that, to these companies
But at the same time, you kinda owe it to your
You owe it to your audience
To be honest
Yeah, and unfortunately
He basically, the way he went about it
He had, I mean
His criticisms were very
Fair, I have to give him that
But the way he went about it
And the fact that he threw his
You know, he threw Wargaming
Under the bus, especially if they provided
Him with something that wasn't even out yet
This was like upcoming
Like this DLC was essentially
You know, not even released to the public
And that's probably why they're going after him
Well, okay, now
Okay, now, see, now the
But why give it to him then? Why give it to him
If they didn't want him talking about it?
Well, but here's the, if the DLC wasn't
Released yet, and he put that on
YouTube
But now we're in slippery slope
But they wouldn't have done that
If he talked favorably about it
Yeah, I still
Think it's a dick move
On Wargaming's part, and this is a bigger
Issue, for that part
But really, this guy should have just been
Professional to begin with
I think the copyright strike is a bit far
But this is, at the end of the day, this is all
Fucking YouTube's problem
This is a YouTube culture that YouTube's created
And YouTube's bots have created this problem
And YouTube refuses to fucking fix it
Right, and I mean
Like, I guess what he
I guess where Wargaming draws the line
Is that, you know, they're saying
Quote, you know, there's a level of toxicity
Under offensive language that is
Unacceptable, even though they're more than
Willing to give members of their community
Second chances, but things like
The fact that, you know, he's more than
Welcome to make those types of Wargaming-related
Videos, but, you know, they're really
Drawing the line about things like hate
Speech, homophobic slurs
Things like that, and the fact that he
Were, you know, cur-
Oh, I see, they were trying to curb their extremely
Profane language of a member
Of our contributor program
So, okay, so he used
Like, homophobic, so he used trash language
Basically
Okay, do you
Here's, this is important, do you know who uses
Trash language? Trash people
Okay, so
Look, here's the thing
He has a right to say all that shit
Fine, whatever, but I have a right
To fucking block his channel
And I'm not gonna be fucking watching it anytime soon
At the end of the day, though, I would say
In light of all that, I would still say
It's a little bit of an
Overreach on their
Part, but I do understand
It's DLC that's not out yet, so it's
Kinda like one of those, this
Gets into very slippery slopes, but this
Is for YouTube to work out
With a real fucking human being
That YouTube probably doesn't have staffed
Anyway, Zaku
Zaku, I gotta wrap up and let you go so we can get to other calls
But thank you, thank you
For that onion of a story, it was like every time we
Peeled back, there was another fucking lair
Alright, as the world turns
Alright, take care, Zaku
Bye, alright
It was good to hear from him, it's been a very long time since we've heard from Zaku
Let's see if there's any last minute stories
Real quick, and we'll probably wrap up soon
But I will take another shot for calls here
OrangeLawnsRadio on Skype
So they're not sure where that leaked from
But it doesn't have any subtitles or anything like that
It's all in Japanese, but
Check it out, if you're interested
Okay
I got one
Did you see, they've announced a
Switch package for Splatoon 2 that's in
Japan and Europe with different colored Joy-Cons
Oh yeah, because it was
All part of that, did they mention the
Arms director, I know there was the trailer
It was mentioned in something
But yes, I did see the additional colors
And I am really wanting that
And it hasn't been announced for North America
And I'm a little upset about that
Well, it's a good thing the Switch is region free, right?
Yeah, so that I can import a Switch's Joy-Cons
Yeah, it would be expensive
It's an expensive hobby
I just hope they announce it here
They probably, E3 is coming right around the corner, they might
But at the same time, it's like, oh god
I don't want to get into the territory of buying
$40 controllers just because they're in different colors
That's Shane's department, that's not something I want to do
That's why I'm waiting until they're in different colors
So they're $80
A set of two
So they're $40 each
Oh my god, no
And you thought the pro controller was bad at 70
No!
That HD rumble got paid that Nintendo price
I like the all grey
It matches
Look, I will admit when I saw the yellow ones
That they're doing for Arms, I was like, ooh those are pretty
But $80, nope
That just shut that off
That's fine
They're struggling color joy cons with specific games
Since they've announced that
Arms is the yellow, Splatoon is the green
And Fuchsia, what if they do that?
Well, do you remember those early rumors
About the Switch that there may actually be
Different types of joy cons
That go in the Switch
Do you remember some of those early rumors that there might be a GameCube controller
That they'll use for Smash Brothers?
That would be fucking interesting
Having played with the pro controller for a couple months now
I don't feel like I need
The GameCube controller for Smash
I know that
The Melee community is still going strong
There are going to be people who are going to stick to it
But I think for the majority of gamers
It's not like on the Wii
Where the classic controller
Didn't really feel the same
I think the pro controller can hold up
Alright, well you know what is getting kind of late
I'm sorry to those guys who didn't get through on our Skype line
But we're going to shut it down for the night
Just so we can wrap up
Because it's a little bit after 9 o'clock here
Thank you guys for listening to the show tonight
I want to thank you guys as always for tuning into
And supporting Orange Lounge Radio
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio
Please consider leaving us a review on iTunes
Or wherever it is you heard this show
A nice 5 star review goes a very, very, very long way
And of course, tell a friend about the show
This is all about word of mouth
We don't have a YouTube series
Or anything like that to promote the show
We do have a Twitch affiliate channel now
We're getting there, we're moving on up
Look out John's Arcade, I'm coming for your subs
Just kidding, alright
No, in all seriousness, indie stuff
No matter where it is
Really grows thanks to you guys
So, JD
Thanks for being here again tonight
Appreciate it, always nice to have you here
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
All hail Orb
Alright, there you go
We'll move around the room here
Dark Soccer, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I want someone to buy me this camera
It's a Holga digital camera
It's like 40 bucks
Well, you need to start doing some streaming
And then when you get your biddies, you can buy the camera
I actually was planning on picking back up
On the Hot to Full Boyfriend stream
There you go
Cause I've got Holiday Star and the other ones
So, let me know on my Twitters
Aha, this will make me use my Twitter
You're gonna use Twitter?
I'm gonna use Twitter
You're gonna use my Twatter
Let me know if you want me to play more Hot to Full Boyfriend
I want you to play more Hot to Full Boyfriend
Yay, pigeon dating
My final thought is
Obviously I have to say something about
That my mom
Has not been doing too well this past week
And those of you that follow me on Twitter kinda know about that
And I just appreciate kinda having this show
As something to take my mind off it
For a little while, so thank you guys all for being here
I really, really appreciate it
And if you didn't see my latest tweet
I made about an hour ago, I did get a text from my sister
My mom is doing better
Things are hopefully improving
In that department, so thank you guys very much
Last but not least, Loki, your final thought?
So, one thing about this
You know, office space idle clicker game
Is they have this little event stuff that they do
Where you earn like these in-game currency type things
But
The in-game currency, each one of them gives you
A 10% bonus, but the bonuses
That you can also buy with that currency
Are actually less than if you just didn't spend them
Which doesn't make any goddamn sense
So who the fuck programmed this shit because they're a fucking idiot
That's all I have to say about that
It's a good thing Loki didn't have a YouTube channel
Alright
I do, I just don't post anything on it
There's a reason, alright, no I'm kidding
That's gonna do it guys, we will be back in 7 days
Yes, Memorial Day weekend, we will still be here
Nobody's going out of town, right?
I got Memorial Day off
Congrats!
You know what this means?
Vodka!
V-O-D-C-A-H
Responsible drinking
On next week's show
I still have
I still have like half the bottle of Stroopwafel
I was just about to ask
But I've been known to drink a drink or two
Alright, that's it, we're done
We're out of here, have a great night everybody
We will see you in 7 days, we may or may not
Be sober
But if you're operating a vehicle, you damn well better be sober
Goodnight everybody
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Is a production of OLR Studios
To join us for a live show
Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights
At 6pm pacific
9pm eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program
Do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
Of Orange Lounge Radio
Or VOG Network
But you know they were all still true
See you next week
Thanks for watching!
