and Gadget reported on Microsoft's Copilot for Gaming preview referring to its ability to help folks download and launch games as Copilot solves the eternal problem of pressing a button.
Not everything is distributed through a launcher.
Notably, downloading content via HIO requires one to be reasonably adept with using a computer.
Sure, we've been doing this since the 90s, but there's a reason why technology and gaming continues to proliferate the way it does these days.
Because someone made it easier.
Everyone is a beginner once.
Now it's time for your hosts, Straw Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about Copilot for Gaming and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're live with you once again tonight, March the 16th of 2025.
Happy pre-St.
Patrick's Day, as the case may be.
It is episode number 1038 of our show.
We are here every week at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, Sunday nights, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show, except not tonight.
Bobby Blackwolf is out watching sports ball that he has season tickets for, so he is out watching the sports ball.
But we're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, gaming lifestyle, and gaming bullshit a lot with me, Rob Roberts, and the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you, Jamie Summers?
I'm getting over a cold and I have been completely obsessed with watching Chinese period dramas.
Oh, fun.
About harem life.
Oh my gosh.
Are they current or are they like made in the 80s or things like that?
Well, what do you mean, made in the 80s?
The show is a fairly recent one.
Okay, that's what I mean.
Ancient story.
Because, like, you know, you could get into something like, oh, God, what's that show?
Downton Abbey.
But that's like a 20-year-old show at this point.
You know, like that, you know, I'm just kind of, like, if it's a modern show or if it's a classic show.
I'll have to see when it came out.
But, I mean, it had really high production value and looks really nice.
I mean.
Okay.
It's called Empresses in the Palace.
Fun.
If it's in HD, you know it's like at least 2010.
The melodrama is real.
It's not a drama, it's a melodrama.
Oh, good.
Which one's more dramatic?
What you're watching or a telenovela?
Because I love me a telenovela.
Even though I don't understand.
I have to watch the subtitles, but they're so good.
It's kind of a different kind of drama.
Mm-hmm.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I am at the revenge part 76 episodes and I'm on 56 since this is a video gaming podcast I'm trying to think is there a game that has that high level of drama and I'm like I don't know why but the first game that came to mind was Metal Gear with that type of it's not dramatic enough they do reference the time of the three kingdoms okay
Like those, the Romance of the Three Kingdoms and all those games?
Yeah.
Yeah, which was a real, you know, period of history.
So they talk about some of the, like, different texts that have influenced some games and stuff.
So, I mean, it kinda goes, but it's a... I'm stupidly into it, and I just looked at it because I was mildly curious, and I can't stop.
I need to see where this train wreck goes I don't know
Nothing.
We have learned nothing.
I would say I've learned prime numbers thanks to number munchers.
That's what I learned from video games.
Either way, this show came out in 2011.
Okay, okay.
Nice.
All right.
Before times.
Before times.
How are you doing, Loki?
How's your week been?
It was good up until today.
I'm sorry.
I hope everything's going okay.
It's fine.
It's just disappointing.
So it's the Stray Cat drama stuff.
So Stray Cat is... I haven't heard the latest on this in a while.
Oh, no, no, no.
Yeah, so we've been acclimating the cat more and more to the house.
She just comes in like a few times a day usually and eats and stuff.
She has a bed and doesn't really use it because, you know, cats never use the things that you purchase for them.
No, they don't.
So we just installed a...
Like a cat door for the inside-outside, and she's been going into the garage.
I started letting her go into the garage.
And she takes naps in, like, a dirty... My old office chair that's, like, super dusty out there.
For whatever reason.
I think it's because it's quiet.
And she'll come in for pets and stuff like that.
Well, anyways, so I got knocked on the door today.
Uh...
there's like a woman standing outside she's like you know about this cat i'm like yeah it's a stray cat that i've been taking care of you know she's like oh she's like i've been taking care of that cat for seven and a half years um and she lives across the street i guess but apparently she got another cat or something like that or there was another cat that she's taking care of that's scaring the other cat away and so she's been missing for a while um
and so she's been coming over here to stay but apparently she goes over there and also like sleeps in their bed and stuff and all that stuff so it's just this point because like I don't like I was trying to work towards adopting the cat and now I can't do that so it's like it's just I don't know it's annoying all right is the neighbor at least still let the cat wander into your dirty office chair
I mean, yeah, yeah, she's fine.
She's relieved that the cat's not, like, living on the street.
That she's, you know, and I think she's living somewhere else, too, because she always goes, like, the neighbor is in one direction, but the cat always goes in the opposite direction.
So I'm like, she's, like, sleeping over somewhere over there.
I don't really know.
I'm with FifthDream in chat.
A little two-timing kitty.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
yeah and left back into the park and she wandered over here and then the woman took care of her for a while um I don't know like whatever it's just it's annoying because like we've been investing all this time and stuff we're like oh yeah we need to get the pet doors so when we go on vacation in a few months you know that she can get out on her own and like
um and it's like oh yeah hey cool well I'm just gonna be like you know owning the cat now and she'll come over here occasionally you know here here's some of her food and her toy it's like but I'm
Am I taking care of this cat now?
Like, are you taking care of this cat?
Whose fucking cat is this?
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's like, I'm like, is this... Are you saying I can take this cat?
Or are you saying that, like, you're keeping the cat, but it sounds like you're keeping the cat still, but I'm taking care of the cat.
Like, I don't understand what's going on.
It's my cat, but you're going to take care of it and pay.
It's not whose cat it is.
It's who belongs to the cat.
I guess.
It's true, too.
It's confusing.
It's just, it's very confusing.
So...
I don't know.
No, I mean, that was fun.
I totally get your frustrations, Loki.
Like it was always the worst fear in the back of my mind when Mr. Smush was around.
Obviously, he's no longer with us.
But when he was around, like I was always like, oh, the owners are going to answer the phone someday or the, you know, suddenly show up, you know, out of nowhere and be like, oh, we've been missing our cat for six years.
And that was like always my worst fear.
So I get it.
Like you invest all that time and energy into a cat.
So.
I mean, she's still hanging.
I mean, she's in the garage right now.
Like, so she still hangs out over here.
It seems like a lot more than the other house.
But I think it's because she's been gone for a while.
I think she hasn't been over there very often.
And when she is going over there, she's not as like super hungry as she normally is because she's eating here.
So the woman is confused as to what's going on.
But I think she's relieved in that sense.
But like, I don't know.
You just need to look her dead in the eye and be like, ma'am, your cat is a whore.
Well, it's not bad, it's like, it's like, because, like, I feel bad, like, if I, okay, so say this is the other woman's cat, like, and now I decide, okay, I want to get a permanent cat for the house.
Like, I would feel bad if this cat, like, all of a sudden is like, oh, I'm scared to go into this house now, and I'm going to go hide.
It's like, I don't know, it feels, like, bad to do that to, like, an animal or something, but, you know.
But it also sounds like the cat's kind of established itself in your garage, which I'm not sure a lot of cats would otherwise go into.
I mean, I guess I don't know the traffic of your house, but maybe... Like, I would think if that situation were to happen, the cats would probably have their different areas.
Like, your new cat just wouldn't go to the garage.
She's very skittish in the sense that, like, she doesn't like when people are... Well, like, she's fine with...
Me and my wife hanging out and stuff.
It's like the kids running around or shouting or doing whatever they're doing.
She's uncomfortable.
The sound of the heater coming on and stuff like that.
She doesn't understand what the house sounds are.
I think the garage is just quiet and she's used to sleeping outside.
I don't know.
She's usually around a lot more once it's raining out.
But now she has a way in and out.
It's just weird because I thought we were working towards a point and it's like
I guess that's not going to happen, so whatever.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
It's a complicated sort of situation.
Keep us updated on who the cat chooses, because it sounds like the cat might be choosing you most of the time.
But that cat is a little two-timer, so look out for empty promises and so forth in that cat.
Alright, well anyway, we do talk about video games once in a while here on this show.
There's been a little bit going on this week, actually.
I feel like we've had some somewhat slower news weeks.
I feel like this week's really been picking up.
We have a pretty damn big headline to start us off, especially in the world of mobile games.
Loki, I'm going to turn it over to you, but when y'all hear what this is about, you know I'm going to have opinions.
I have a lot of opinions on this, but I'm going to let Loki start off.
Yeah, so apparently there was rumors that Niantic was going to be sold to a Saudi Arabia-backed company called Scopely Inc.
And apparently it is true.
They were sold to Scopely, which is owned by Savvy Games Group, which is a subsidiary of the Saudi Arabia's public investment fund.
They also hold 6.3% stake in Nintendo.
Apparently Niantic has reached an agreement to...
for Scopely to acquire them for $3.5 billion with an additional $350 million in cash from Niantic being distributed as part of a deal.
Toll value of $3.85 billion for Niantic equity holders.
Yeah, so interesting that they're owned by the Saudis now.
Well, and the makers of what, Monopoly Go, I think they bought Marvel Strike Force some time ago.
And, you know, a lot of folks in the player base of Pokemon Go have a lot of fear around this company taking over.
And when I say Pokemon Go, Pikmin, Monster Hunter, that's all in it too.
But we know Pokemon Go is the big one in the room, right?
and so a lot of people have a lot of fear about the amount of microtransactions that could be coming to the game because Scopely is kind of known for I wouldn't even say nickel and diming their users they're known for $99-ing their users that's the type of stuff we're talking about I okay
so I trash it I have a lot of thoughts when it comes to uh this because obviously I've been playing Niantic games a very long time and it started with a game called Ingress that I don't think a lot of people really talk about anymore but Ingress was the first Niantic game that you know the actual game that came out Niantic the first app I think that came out of Niantic was called Field Trip and it wasn't a game it was meant to find locations near you and then um uh
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
to incentivize more people to submit things like Field Trip to really build up the database of local points of interest and interesting things that kind of gamified that whole thing.
And then, and I'm really cutting corners in this abridged little story about Niantic.
And then essentially some folks in Japan played Ingress that had connections to Pokemon.
And at the time Niantic was a Google subsidiary and that whole Google Maps Pokemon April Fool's joke happened.
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I played Monster Hunter.
I've still played Pikmin.
I still think Pikmin is actually one of the best Niantic games because of how passive it is and how much it incentivizes walking and all that stuff.
I've played all those games over the years and here's my take on this whole thing is that the more I think about it, the less it actually surprises me because I don't think Niantic ever wanted to be in the video game business.
And I know that might sound very shocking for a company that made like one of the biggest games in... No, no, the biggest game in mobile game history.
Let's not mince words.
The biggest game in mobile game history.
Niantic became accidental billionaires with that game.
And I don't think they ever really wanted to be a gaming company.
And I think the first sign...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Well, isn't this interesting?
Niantic is now doubling down and basically saying, you know what?
All this gamification and all these games and things like that, it's in a place where it's kind of its own thing now.
We want to get back to exploring the world.
So they sold everything that's the games part over to Scopely.
And the interesting thing in all of this, they kept Ingress.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura,
and DarkSakura.
I don't have a moral quandary with this I'm interested to see what they do because for the most part these sorts of things that Niantic does I find the most interesting I doubt any of you have ever checked out Scannaverse and I don't blame you it's not really a game but I think it's fucking fascinating some of the stuff they're doing with it
Um, let me put it like, this is what you can do.
You can scan something in 3D on your mobile phone.
So like one thing I did when I was in Nashville, there was a giant mural of Dolly Parton reading a book to a child.
And it was a portal in the game called Dolly Reads.
And I was like, this is really cool.
I'm going to do a little 3D scan of this.
So I did.
And
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So I could scan, which kind of leads to weird copyright issues, but it's still an area we're exploring.
And if it's for personal use, it's one thing.
People scanning statues, and then now you can take that same data and 3D print statues.
and so on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Maybe I shouldn't say that because we know Niantic has had their ups and downs, right?
They've had some pretty catastrophic botched launches, i.e.
Catan didn't happen, i.e.
NBA All World, Poopy, i.e.
what else?
What else did they?
Whatever Marvel fucking thing they were going to do, like never even fucking happened.
Obviously, they have had some very botched things along the way because I just don't think these guys knew how or wanted to run a gaming company.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
we're fucked that's what that all goes to if you're a fan of Pikmin or Pokemon or Monster Hunter sorry kids we're fucked because now it's gonna be how do we make money off of this but there is I've seen all of the like danger scenarios of they're gonna charge you to even throw a Pokeball and have energy or even do gyms or they're gonna charge you for boosted shinies here's your one
Saving Grace in all three of those games is you have monetization and I'm sorry you do have monetization but you also have partnerships in especially in Pokemon Go and Pikmin and a notoriously difficult to work with organization in things like this and I'm talking about both the Pokemon company Pokemon Go and I'm talking about Nintendo Pikmin Bloom I'm talking about them both
for being notoriously difficult with these types of partnerships.
I think some of your disaster scenarios, I don't think a Pokemon company is going to let fly.
I think it's as simple as that.
But as far as all of these, remember when everybody was bitching and moaning and niantic about all of these changes and how things went bad and all that stuff?
I assure you, Scopely will not give a fuck
about those types of complaints.
And those sorts of things will be changed for the worse to benefit the dollar no matter what you have to say about it.
And that's my take on that.
I'm willing to keep entertaining those games and playing those games until that day comes, but the minute the day comes where the monetization gets out of hand, bitch, I'm out.
I'm out.
Uh, let's see.
Mike Deft in chat says,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Sure, I will agree with you that just because they're the Pokemon company doesn't mean they're not going to monetize completely.
And I think it's more of these quality of life changes that y'all bargained for with Niantic.
You're going to get a brick wall with Scopely.
I expect those changes to be reversed.
Expect the PokeStops to go back to 40 meters.
Expect all those things about accessibility and all that.
Scopely will not give a fuck.
I guarantee it.
Guarantee it.
So that's where I kind of see the changes happening there.
We have some other comments because y'all have some good stuff here in our chat.
Because again, we tape live on Sunday nights at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Sjohn Hunter Matt says, I don't know what Pogo is going to look like three years from now.
The only positives are they acquired the team and didn't lay anyone off.
I agree.
That is a huge positive.
That is a great thing to come out of this news.
I hope...
I need one of those things.
I know people that work in Niantic, and for their sake, they are very talented, very good people, and I really hope not.
But unfortunately, I feel like I've seen this song and dance before, Activision Blizzard Niantic.
What is wrong with my brain today?
I'm mixing all these things up.
Activision Blizzard, Microsoft is my case in point.
Um...
SSJ100 Matt says, Rob's burying the lead that he semi-predicted this a year or two ago.
Rob Stradamus.
That's right.
It was a New Year's prediction a couple years ago.
I'm almost positive.
So, you know, it happens.
Me predicting?
Who knew?
Me, Humble, of course, always.
Where were we?
On Matt's comment further, also, whatever ridiculous monetizations won't happen overnight.
The rest, we'll see what they do with the monetization.
If they monetize the catch rate or shiny rates of Pogo, then the fans will quit the app.
The Who, Saudi PIF that acquired them, can't be ignored here as well.
Okay.
Okay, since I'm riding a high on the prediction train, here is my prediction for how Scopely will monetize Pokemon Go that will not be popular with the fanbase.
The sale of this game is coming at a very interesting time because they're running out of Pokemon to add into the game.
They're running out of Pokemon that exist in, you know, I think there are still some Alola Pokemon and some Galar Pokemon still left to be added.
I think that's about all we're missing at this point, okay?
But we know there is likely a new Pokemon game in the horizon.
Oh yeah, we don't have all the Paldea Pokemon either.
Thank you.
They're drip feeding some of those.
My prediction is that instead of these Pokemon coming out for free with all of these events that are happening, there's going to be Pokemon expansion packs.
And you can bet your ass Generation 10 will be an expansion pack that you're going to have to pay money to get those Pokemon to show up in the world.
That is my little prediction.
Write it on a card that's going to piss people off.
Pokemon expansion packs.
They're already dabbling in that when it comes to boosted shinies, but they've never been really willing to cross that line.
I don't think Niantic was willing to cross that line with the player base.
Scopely will cross that line.
They're going to say there's already 600 Pokemon in this game for free.
You want the next 50?
Pay up.
$29.99 expansion pack.
Pokemon Astral Projection.
I don't know whatever they call it.
as you and her Matt also points out the battle season pass and that whole thing.
Oh, you can bet your ass that's continuing.
That was going to happen even if it stayed with Niantic because every game is turning up with a battle pass at some point.
That's my prediction for Pikmin is they're going to figure out how to do the battle pass of Pikmin because that's the one thing it's kind of missing.
So.
Anyway, and Mike Def says, if, like you said, the Pokemon Company International won't let that happen.
They allowed a monetization of extra Pokemon and Pokemon Unite and those things.
So I don't know.
I don't know.
It's only a prediction.
It doesn't mean I won't be wrong.
I'd love to be wrong.
I'd love for nothing to change.
I'd love for the monetization to just stay the way it is.
That game makes enough fucking money.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I've dropped all the Niantic games so not really that's fair and I think I'm not playing it I figured that it's just any of these companies are eventually these games are going to be unless it's an indie studio that's operating with very low profits if it's a larger company these games are just going to turn to shit eventually it's just a matter of time yeah
Um, and as here's the interesting thing in all this, as far as the Ingress fans go, and there are thousands, no, there are a hundred, there are dozens of us that are hardcore Ingress fans out there.
And let me tell you, this news is best case scenario for us.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
This was the best part because it's very hard to monetize Ingress.
But this way, they're going to find the monetization in data.
They're going to find monetization in other ways that they can sell, which they're already doing with what they're getting out of Scannaverse and other projects.
As far as Ingress goes, we're feeling fine on all this for now.
I mean, I guess we shouldn't get too cocky, but I feel like the Ingress player base is like, okay.
I will say, though, this is the weird part.
Sorry, I thought of something else.
This is the very weird part.
Amongst the Pokemon Go and the Monster Hunter and all this stuff, Wayfarer being a part of the sale does not make sense to me.
I do not understand why Niantic Wayfarer was part of the sale.
I don't.
Because Campfire I get.
And Campfire actually could be more interesting with the other Scopely games being worked into it.
I mean, good luck to them, I guess.
We'll see where that ends up.
But as far as Wayfarer goes, my thought was Pokemon Go and those other games would have ended up the same way as Harry Potter Wizards Unite.
Problematic author aside, from the game perspective, that game was not a Niantic game.
It was a Portkey Games game, which was a subsidiary of WB, which made all the Harry Potter games.
They only relied on Niantic for their...
Wayfarer Network.
And my full expectation was that Pokemon Go, Pikmin, would use that same partnership and then rely on the Wayfarer Network, which should, you would think, still be maintained by Niantic Spatial.
But that's not part of what's happening here.
Wayfarer is also going to Scopely, which to me is strange.
How's that working with Ingress then?
Because it's the same data.
We do not know.
The assumption among the fanbase is that the data will be forked.
That's not a pun.
I actually mean forked.
Meaning that at some point, whether that's January 1st, 26th, or whenever this deal closes.
Keep in mind, this isn't a closed deal yet.
Whenever this deal closes, then Scopely will have their database and Ingress will have their database.
Which, honestly, yay.
Can I tell you the worst thing that happened to the Ingress Portal Network was allowing Pokemon Go players to submit Pokestops?
And that's not a read.
I love Pokemon Go.
I love the players.
The problem is a PvP game and a PvE game have very different expectations for where there should be points of interest.
that was always a problem in Ingress let me tell you how many of us dozens of Ingress fans can't wait to start removing bullshit so I don't know I feel like the data is going to get forked and I mean actual fork not a pun but we do not know at this point what's going to happen for all we know Niantic starts getting their shit from Scopely
I hope not, I really hope not
but Niantic also has Scanaverse and that's a big thing Scanaverse is different from Wayfarer and there's the whole light ship which I think is now called Niantic Spatial and there's a whole other many of you don't ever see this but there's a whole other lightship.dev which I think is now Niantic Spatial there is a whole other copy of what you see on Wayfarer but with all the scanning data is there
So technically that data is already forked.
Niantic has a whole other system you just don't often see in that system that merges in with Wayfarer.
So I'm thinking that's just going to get split.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
SGO100Matt says, Rob hates Little Free Library Pokestops confirmed.
Yes, for the most part, I do hate Little Free Library Pokestops.
If the Little Free Library is at a park, a public park, I'm fine with it.
If the Little Free Library is in front of somebody's house, I don't care for it.
But in Pokemon, I'm all for it.
Let's have more Pokestops, not less.
But in Ingress, they're fucking annoying.
So, let's see.
S2100Matt says, I saw a Little Free Blockbuster library someone made where someone put a bunch of DVDs in there.
That's really funny.
That's cute.
One of my friends actually has a Little Free library that's art-based.
You go in there, it's little tiny art things that you can give and take.
It's really cute.
I thought it was a really clever idea.
PogCulture says, what if the park is in front of someone's house?
Then I'm fine with it.
Then good for you, you live in front of a park.
So yeah, if the Little Free Library is in the park boundary, I'm fine with it.
If it's in your house boundary across the street from the park, I'm not okay with it.
There's a difference.
So...
Alright, but anything in a park is fair game.
Everything in the park should be lit up.
I've always felt that way.
Alright, anyway, enough of me monologuing on Niantic, but when I tell you I have spent the last 10 years of my life playing Ingress, this kind of news is, you know, it's a big deal.
So we'll see what happens in the next year.
Let's move on.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
Of course I played, well actually I don't think I played any Dead by Daylight this week.
No, I played some on Sunday, of course, after the show last week.
I was going to say, okay.
But I took the time off because Smokey, who is a big jerk, gave me 5,000 bits to buy Monster Hunter Wilds.
Oh, yes, I'm so I haven't been able to catch these streams.
I'm so curious.
So curious.
It's complicated.
I mean, it's a lot to get used to and I don't like that.
And I guess since it's just like an always online live experience that you can't actually pause the game.
you've got like your menus that pop up over like all the other things that you do but I'm having fun so far and I'm enjoying it you know once I'm getting used to it I wish I had a lot more free exploration I could do instead of follow these people I mean it's it's getting there it's growing on me so I'll be playing it on Friday nights I think because I'm on my third playthrough of Dragon Age the Veil Guard
I mean, I'm still super enjoying Dragon Age as well.
So there's that.
And then I tried to start... I was bringing back Retro Knight, and I started to play the Nintendo 64 Dobutsu no Mori as an Animal Forest or Animal Crossing.
And the game locked on me.
And I hadn't saved yet.
I didn't make it very far.
I had just met all my neighbors.
But I had some of the best neighbors.
I had Daisy.
and I had Eloise and I told everybody about Dina who I wish would, you know, come back.
Dina was our town lesbian.
Are you muted?
Am I?
Yes, I am.
Sorry, I hit my button on accident.
Dina was the lesbian anteater, right?
Or at least canonically in your town.
Oh, she was a duck?
I thought she was an anteater.
She was a green duck who had the gym equipment.
Oh, okay.
and then she left my village for yours.
Sorry.
I'm not sorry.
We even put pride flags and everything outside of her house to show her how much we supported her.
Anyway, so that happened.
Can I tell a story?
Do you remember when we got a villager to say a very nasty word beginning with C and we got it to move to somebody's village that really did not like that word?
That person had to work forever to erase that word.
And everyone said it.
It spread.
And now it's so funny because now it's in Eurovision.
Like there's literally that song going, I'm serving Kant, except it's the Maltesian word for singing and not, you know, anything else.
Anyway.
What is that?
Cuntology 101?
Pretty much.
I mean, that's a real song and I super love it.
Is that the... That's a different song.
C-U-N-T I want to do what's best for me.
I'm cunty.
You need to hear that song called I'm Serving Cunt.
Do-do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do-do.
Do-re-mi-fa-so-so Serving Cunt.
It's so good.
All right.
I'm looking... It's going to go in my play... You realize it's going to go in my playlist, right?
As it should.
My streaming playlist.
I'm going to type how to...
I don't remember the name of the artist, but it's Malta's entry into Eurovision.
Anyway.
All right.
Okay.
Oh, it's called Kant.
Yes.
I'll say it like that.
Yeah.
Okay.
But when she sings it, it don't sound like that.
But make sure you get the actual version called Kant and not because they did a Eurovision safe edit called Serving because Eurovision wouldn't let them do it with the full word.
They're like, it doesn't matter.
I have a Mariana Conte.
Is that it?
I don't know.
I'll send you the video after the show.
I'll just text it to you.
Small Shay in chat says, what did I just hear Rob say?
I'm barely awake.
Never mind.
It was all a dream, Shay.
Go back to bed.
Have some more coffee, Shay.
Have some more coffee, Shay.
Okay.
Oh yes, this all started with Animal Crossing and your villagers serving.
Yeah, they were totally serving it.
Anyway.
So yeah, so I ended up looking at shutting down.
I ended up trying to find another game to play.
So I just randomly pulled up Devil's Crush for TurboGrafx.
Played a little bit of Devil's Crush and then I pulled up... I was going to play the NES Fantasy Zone.
No, not the NES one, but the TurboGrafx Fantasy Zone.
I was like, screw that.
I have Super Fantasy Zone for the Genesis Mega Drive.
So I played a little bit of that.
And then I was going to play a little bit of Threads of Fate, which in Japan was called Dew Prism.
It's a cute little RPG.
I was totally into it.
And then I was like, wait...
People have been wanting me to, why don't I just?
So I did Cult of the Lamb for a while.
And then, yeah, so I think, and I'm so mad because I had graphics and everything for Animal Crossing and it looked really good.
And I was so happy.
My little chat room said, Dobutsu no Mori Chattonumu.
And I even redid like the graphics to make it look the same.
I was so annoyed.
And it was also the premiere of my new retro night graphics.
Annoyed!
Annoyed!
RetroNight is back on hold until I think of something else.
Alright, I found the video for you and I put it in chat.
Okay.
Let's see.
I tried to find the unedited one because the number one hit is the Eurovision stage.
That's the artist.
That's the one I found.
Okay, that's the one.
Let's go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Were you serving?
Serving?
Yes.
No, I was playing Minecraft.
Oh, Minecraft was not the serve.
Not the serve, not the tea.
Okay.
Not the T-Hunty, no god.
No.
No, I was, yeah, I was playing Minecraft this week.
Um, as usual, I put out a video earlier this week.
I have been working on another one.
Um, trying to get, like, somewhat weekly content, but I don't think it's going to stay like that because, um,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And then I'm anticipating the patch.
We finally know that there is a patch coming on the 25th.
There was a little bit of news on that this week.
And that should kind of pump a little more energy into the game.
I must admit, I've been a little meh on 14 in general.
I haven't been playing it as much, but I do love...
to collect cosmetics and all that bullshit.
And so when there's a Moogle Tome event, I'm usually all in on that.
So there is that.
Of course, I don't always talk about it, but like at the top of the show, I've been playing a lot of, you know, Ingress, Pikmin, Pokemon, all of it.
I will say my walking ever since Daylight Savings and that it's lighter out again, and I have a newer walking buddy that's been like accountability buddy that's been helping too.
I have gotten like 10,000 steps in the last week every day.
and I kind of want to keep that trend going just to you know for health and all that stuff and it's been great for Pikmin so whenever Bobby does listen to this I carried us on that challenge this week but that's the motive that's I'm saying that tongue-in-cheek because there's been weeks I've been carried like the week I had COVID but I've been very trying to get back into you know using that as motivation to move and do all that good stuff so yeah been having fun with that now one other thing I will mention
Pandora's Box
Space Harrier
Yay!
Welcome to the Fantasy Zone.
Get ready.
Now granted, this was a little bit after a bunch of Neo Geo games.
My friend was like, did you know that there was a Double Dragon fighting game?
I'm like, yeah, let's play it.
So we played that for a little bit.
And then I was like, okay, if you're going to make me play Neo Geo fighting games, we will be playing Fatal Fury Special.
So we played a little bit of that too, because that's one of my favorites.
Boy, did I get bad at that game.
And then we were playing King of Fighters, which...
Don't ask me which one.
Because again, with this thing having a shit ton of runs, it was like, I know it was like King of Fighters 94, 95, 96, 97, 2000, 2001, Mark of the Wolves.
I don't know.
Just like, I think it was King of Fighters 97.
I want to say is what we were playing.
And then it was like, let's look at random retro games.
This is the third one.
It was one of the earlier ones.
And then it was like, let's look at random retro games.
And Space Harrier came up.
My friend was actually the one that was like, oh my god, have you ever seen Space Harrier?
And I was like, bitch, have I ever seen Space Harrier?
How old is your friend?
Maybe about seven years younger than me.
Like late 30s.
And does your friend know about the podcast?
No.
Yes, but I don't think has listened.
So... But, I mean, the simple fact...
I know, I know.
We're on a gaming podcast.
I know, but it's one of those things that I seriously think most... A lot of my friends... Keep in mind, I don't talk about my podcast all the time.
I'm proud of it.
I will share it with friends, but I don't share it in person hanging out at parties all the time.
So I think a lot of people forget.
It's just like me hosting shows.
A lot of people forget that I do that too.
And then it's like, you know, oh, yeah, one of my friends was at the Colonial last week and said they saw you.
I'm like, yeah, it's something I do.
So...
Anyway, S2100 Matt in chat says, have you heard of a thing called a Zune, Grandpa?
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Let's see.
I'm looking at.
Yeah.
What?
I actually have two 8-tracks.
You know what one of them is?
Please say it's ABBA.
I'm going to guess if any other albums are rival.
No, it's Fleetwood Mac.
Oh, that's still a good one, though.
That's still good.
It's Rumors.
Okay, that's a good 8-track to have.
What's the other one?
But that was actually, like, I used to have the physical album as a kid, and it's one of the ones that got lost in the hurricane.
Oh, man.
You know what?
I would listen to Rhiannon on repeat.
I want to collect 8-tracks.
All these fucking kids today collecting vinyl?
No, no kids.
There's a reason no one fucking collects 8-tracks.
You want to know why?
We're going galaxy-brained.
Get in the car.
We're collecting 8-tracks.
Why?
Have you ever actually physically in your life played an 8-track?
Yes, my grandma had one.
And have you ever seen what happens to your tapes?
If one little thing goes bad, they are worse to fix than cassettes.
That's why we have pencils.
No, I know, I know, they're a bitch.
No, I know, I know, it's a joke.
You kind of do fix them with a pencil, actually, but not like you would with a cassette.
Okay, children, for those who don't know, 8-tracks...
are fucking old.
The end.
Let's go.
Yes, they are.
All right.
Remember when video games were on cassette?
Yes.
Look out, Grandpa Rob's on the prowl.
Let's talk about the Commodore 64 cassette player so you could play the slinky video game on a cassette after it took 60 minutes, 60 goddamn minutes to play that cassette into your memory on the Commodore 64.
Literally, you're letting your Commodore 64 listen to music and then it loads it into the memory and then there you go.
Rob, I got one further for you.
Oh boy, I can't wait.
Coleco Adam, where the power supply was as big as your house.
No, it was like the printer of the power supply.
Something would run through the cassette deck.
And if you had any sort of power surge, you could kiss your cassettes goodbye.
That is why Coleco Adam cassettes that actually work are money.
And I lived in Alabama.
Put the two together.
In chat, SSJ100Matt says, clue VCR game for the win.
Oh, 100%.
Let's bring back VHS games.
Let's do it.
You know what?
The government's trying to ban VHS cleaner.
They're trying to ban video cleaner because there's totally not another use for video head cleaner that anybody should know about.
But the government's trying to ban it.
So therefore, in response, we need to bring back video cassettes and VCR games.
And the Clue VCR game is where we start.
That's when I knew Bobby Blackwolf was good people.
When I saw Bobby Blackwolf owned not only Clue, the VCR game, but Clue 2, Murder in Disguise,
I knew Bobby Blackwolf was good people.
That's why we've been working with him for 20 years.
Because I just clue VCR game.
Alright, let's move on.
I'm just reading what QuestBuster is saying.
How big is that game?
9 megabytes?
No, it's only 9 kilobytes.
How did you guys even play anything?
I keep thinking about this story that my friend Krista's dad talked about being an engineer.
and, like, was it the late 40s, early 50s, something like that?
About them lining a room with magnets to make 1K of memory.
That's why those old-ass Atari games are so impressive.
When you consider, like, how much they pack into such tiny space is wild.
Oh, no, totally.
Yeah.
and then like you go and then read about like the 16-bit era how they were trying to you know they made the special chips for the games and increased ram for the games and you basically were running part of the hardware for the console on the on the cartridge you know they were an expansion pack as well as a game that's crazy stuff
SSU100 Matt in chat says, what was that one creepy VCR game with the creepy guy yelling at you?
I believe it was called Nightmare.
And that's when the guy would randomly pop on the screen and go like, Maggot!
Maggot!
What did you call me?
No, it's, but, you know, that was what was scary in the 80s was that stuff.
It's called Nightmare.
I just had the videotape of How to Beat Games and it was the Metal Gear one.
And I just watched it.
I mean, little did I know that people would make, you know, entire entertainment genres out of those.
I was just watching those because they were cool.
That and it also finally got me how I could beat Top Gun because I could never refuel my plane well.
I swear to God, those VHS games came and went in a year.
Like 1984, they were everywhere.
1985, gone.
It's just wild how that works.
All right.
Anyway, we got a game.
Let's, you know, we're- It's games.
It counts.
Yeah, I know.
We're talking about the game.
It was a video element.
We are talking about games from the 1980s, but let's talk about games in 2025 and beyond.
Real quick before I turn it over to Loki for our first story, I do want to mention to the folks in chat, because I forgot to acknowledge it earlier, I want to say thank you.
I don't usually acknowledge all the bits and subs live because we are trying to do a podcast feed, but-
We had a very special golden hype train earlier.
And those don't happen every... It's like the shinies of hype trains.
So we actually had a golden hype train that turned up earlier.
So I hope you all collected your golden kappas from that.
Thank you all for your generosity and support.
It really does mean the world to us.
We appreciate it.
Okay, Loki, why don't you start us off with 2025 gaming news?
Yes, so 2025 Gaming News.
And this is, I don't think this is too surprising considering the landscape that we have right now with the Steam Deck and some of these other personal handheld gaming devices.
but apparently Microsoft is working on releasing one of their own it's actually going to be a reskinned partner PC gaming handheld device running a new software layer not a full-blown Xbox gaming device but it will be something that is essentially running either some sort of Xbox streaming or Xbox powered games, maybe emulation or something like that um
They said they're calling it Codename Kennen and it's supposed to, you know, feature like similar stuff you would expect with like an Xbox, you know, the guide button.
They're going to have, you know, possible like Series X and S generation type games on there.
I don't know, it'll be interesting to see what they come up with certainly I think there are some Xbox games that PC games are probably compatible with the
even the Steam Deck right now 100% I can imagine that quite a few things could run on there at the very least at Xbox Series S quality and I'm sure you can get a lot more with the games streaming through xCloud and stuff like that 100%
We'll see.
Right now, the rumor is that Asus is the one making the Kennen device.
So, of course, they have their own ROG.
I forget what their handheld's called, but the Strix?
Maybe it's not the Strix.
But, yeah, one of the ROG ones that they have.
They have a handheld of their own that's very similar to the Steam Deck.
So, I guess we'll wait and see.
It's supposed to be coming out this year, though, at some point.
Yeah, I think maybe maybe Games Summer Games Fest, you know, now it's been released or something like that.
This is I think this is so good for Microsoft.
I really do.
This is a really good direction for them.
My only reservation is that we're going to have a lot of portable shit pretty soon.
Like I can already see my nightstand now is going to have a Steam Deck on it.
It's going to have one of these on it and it's going to have a Switch 2 on it.
So I maybe worry a slight bit about handheld fatigue.
But I also think just from like my only concern about this is I think Microsoft should have done this about three years ago, to be quite honest.
I think they let Steam Deck beat them to the punch too much.
But this is so smart.
It's not just for Game Pass.
The majority of Game Pass games are not things like Avowed.
And even Avowed, like you said, like in an Xbox S quality will probably run fine.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and it's not just the Game Pass stuff that you download and install on your own system but now cloud gaming whether that be in your own house on Wi-Fi or if they've timed this right in a few years when 5G becomes more prevalent although
I feel like I've been saying that for about 10 years.
So I'm starting to wonder if that is really going to happen because I thought by now we would be in a world where there was faster over-the-air internet than cable internet.
Maybe not fiber, but cable internet.
And that's not quite where we're at yet.
No, it's not.
I'm not sure what's really holding it up, if it's a lack of competition or whatever the case may be.
But yeah, it doesn't seem to be getting...
Faster at all, actually.
I don't think I've seen any sort of... Well, when tariffs are going to make the tech even more important to import, you can just kiss that shit goodbye, but that's another topic.
For no reason, mind you.
None.
well yeah data caps I don't think are a thing as E3VL mentioned in the sense that I don't think a lot of plans have data caps but they do have certainly data caps in the sense of speed like they'll be like yeah you can use all the internet you want but after 20 gigabytes of data we're gonna throttle that shit
You're going to be living back in the 2G land.
but you know a handheld device that could do cloud gaming through 5G so you could literally do it anywhere without having to do these big installs and stuff would be huge you know I don't know how far away we are realistically from that but I feel like Xbox getting into this system positions them for that because they can still do all the cloud gaming now too through Xbox
Yeah.
Yeah.
Shove it full of emulation stuff.
There you go.
Thousands of games you can put on there.
But yeah, I don't know.
Like the classroom and stuff just never even now doesn't seem interesting to me just because of the environment that we are in right now where high speed internet is limited in some capacity or
whether you know we like it or not and we don't have those like you know multi megabit uh gigabit connections or whatever you know multi gigabit connections up and down over the air over you know cable internet or whatever it may be fiber we just don't have that everywhere yet it's not we're not living in that type of environment
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
While we see what develops with that, I think you are on the right track that if they are going to announce something, Summer Game Fest, that sort of window, especially in the absence of E3.
Although, don't we have a new thing now?
I remember we talked about that, that it's E3 without the show floor.
Is that a thing that's going to happen?
I don't know if that's going to include conferences.
I wouldn't assume it would.
I highly doubt it will.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know.
I don't know.
GDC's coming up this week, right?
GDC's this coming weekend, right?
Or did we miss it?
No, I think it's this coming weekend is GDC.
Because I seem to remember one of our buddies that does an ancillary event was promoting it for this Thursday.
So I think GDC's this coming week.
And you never know.
We don't get a lot of gaming announcements out of GDC.
It's not that kind of event.
I think you all know that.
But once in a while, we get hardware.
Like, Sony's announced some hardware there.
You know, it could, but I wouldn't set the expectation there.
But it could be a nice little present.
SSU100Matt says, should bring back Game Room for it to be the UI.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Konami did a whole little preview of this game.
And I think probably the striking difference at first is that instead of having that more like classic New England kind of look of a Silent Hill, you know, traditional game or like a Centralia, Pennsylvania type of look that Silent Hill games have traditionally had, this one is set in 1960s Japan.
So it definitely looks a lot different.
and instead of maybe the weird like blood and like copper rusty look that Silent Hill has usually when it transforms in this one it looks like it's a little more like floral type of looking and all this I don't know there's a specific thing about the kind of flowers they use oh
What's that?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
um so so yeah that's why this flower is you know important it's significant because it's associated with death reincarnation and mourning uh SSJ100 Matt in chat says Silent Hill fork Matt Matt I say this from the bottom of my heart fork you all right uh
Anyway, we know the character in this game.
Shimizu Hinako is going to be the main character, a teenage girl that you're going to be playing as in the game, which for those of you watching us live on Twitch, as we're taping live on this Sunday night, we're playing a little bit of the trailer that they sort of put out with this.
We also, you know, add some more further comments from folks that are working on this.
A lot of folks that are kind of like lifetime fans of Silent Hill, like a lot of people in these quotes saying, I played Silent Hill 20 years ago.
I love the Silent Hill series.
So Akira Yamaoka is the composer credited here saying,
I need to see how her name is spelled.
S-H-I-M-I-Z-U No, no.
No, I'm talking about the kanji used in Hinako.
Oh, oh, oh.
Because standardly Hinako would mean like sun child.
But I keep thinking of like the Hina Matsuri or the dolls festival.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, I don't know.
Like the trailer was the I did not watch the entire thing.
And I don't know, like some of the Silent Hill fans in my life were kind of reacting very tepidly to it.
But I like this trailer.
I mean, I can see where it's like it doesn't look exactly like a Silent Hill game, but I'm cool with them like trying something different.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Heaven forbid they're ballsy enough to call it Silent Hills.
Have the nerve.
Have the nerve, Bloober.
Do it.
Have the nerve to release a game called Silent Hills after everything that's happened in this world.
Do it.
But I think it'll be interesting.
Oh, interesting.
Mike Deft makes a little pun saying Silent Hill F, but with the I-V-E in quotes going Silent Hill 5.
I remembered, there was some leak stuff on this before, wasn't there?
I felt like most of the leaks ended up being that free-to-play game that came out with all the cyberbullying subplot and all that stuff.
I've seen some of this before.
Oh, well, they announced Silent Hill F a while ago, but all we got was that conceptual floral monster-looking thing, and we didn't get a lot.
We just knew it was going to be Silent Hill in Japan.
This gives us way more of what it actually looks like.
It makes me wonder if the town that they're in translates to Silent Hill.
Mmm, maybe.
Maybe.
Just saying.
DarkTetsuya says, Aw, you're really gonna do Kojima like that?
Look.
Kojima, Kojima is not exactly like having a bad time.
He's got Death Stranding 2 happening real soon.
He's got that other game that with all the people screaming with Udo Kier and that.
What the fuck was that called?
Overdose.
He's got that going on.
Like, Kojima is going to be just fine.
Don't you worry.
Don't you worry, Dark Tetsuya.
Kojima is going to be A-OK.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Konami Arcade stuff still chugging along and still got its fans like Konami whatever was holding them back the managers appear to have been sacked so good for them let's move on to some bad decisions in gaming DarkSakura bad decision was gulping down this meatball
Oh no, that's never a bad decision.
Maybe the timing, but meatballs are great.
Yeah.
Other than it getting kind of stuck.
I had the best meatball in my entire fucking life in Florida after getting off that cruise.
We went to this diner.
But it was like an upscale, fancy-ass diner in the middle of Miami.
Jamie, those meatballs.
And I've had a lot of balls in my mouth over the years.
Meatballs!
Meatballs!
I feel that they never compared to my friend's Sicilian grandmother.
Well, it's nothing.
He made meatballs the size of a softball.
Nothing is ever going to top home cooking.
But anyway.
Especially a Sicilian grandmother.
All right.
Anyway.
Anyway.
So there was a leak from Horizon Forbidden West with the main character Aloy as an A.I.,
It was a Sony employee talking to an AI version of the character.
But the character who voiced her, Ashley Burch, was basically...
Unhappy with some of the things.
Like what she said is that she... I'll just read what her quote is.
I saw the tech demo earlier this week and the demo didn't reflect anything that was actively in development.
Um...
and also uh Sony didn't use uh any of her performance so she says none of my facial or voice data Gorilla owns Aloy as a character um then she goes on to say I feel worried not worried about Gorilla specifically or Horizon or my performance or my career specifically even I feel worried about this art form game performance is an art form and then um
She was talking about the SAG-AFTRA strikes and said that we're asking for protections.
What we're fighting for is you have to get our consent before you make an AI version of us in any form.
You have to compensate us fairly and you have to tell us how you're using this AI double.
and she said she doesn't feel worried because of the technology existing but just what people could do with it and so they want people to be protected and have a way to fight back so another quote from her that I really like this says I want to be able to continue to do this job and if we don't win then that future is really compromised I'm genuinely not trying to put any game company specifically on Blast certainly not Guerrilla
because, again, I don't think the technology is the problem.
Game companies wanting to use the technology isn't the problem.
The problem is we are currently on strike and the bargaining group will not agree to give us common sense protections.
Fighting is what we have to do to protect the future and longevity of this career we all love so much.
And, yeah, I agree with that.
Same.
Yeah.
I mean, and this is coming after, you know, the whole thing about Microsoft Muse, their generative AI, and just more... It's... I don't know.
There's more going on.
There's, you know, what she was referring to with what's going on with the strike and trying to negotiate and the...
The opposing party not be willing to give protections is that the studios were including some pretty big loopholes in their bargains.
they actually just put out a memo saying there were alarming loopholes that will never that will leave our members vulnerable to AI abuse which is pretty much what started this whole thing to begin with they are really far apart in coming to any kind of agreement
It's really... The studios care about money in any way they can to get it.
And voice actors are a tool for them.
And not people doing their job.
So...
but right now some of the studios that they're involved in the negotiations is Disney Character Voices, Activision Blizzard, EA, Warner Brothers, Insomniac, a few others and they said that they had tentative agreements on 24 out of 25 proposals but the SAG-AFTRA National Executive Director their chair Sarah, I'm going to mispronounce this Emily
wrote out to the members very recently that the last proposals wouldn't allow the studios to use union members past performances and outside performances without any of the protections that were bargained for.
So they're still waiting to get back on that.
It's just, it's a bunch of...
There's a lot going on, there's a lot going on
and most of these strikes that we've heard about in other areas, whether it was the writer's strike, blah, blah, blah, were settled within 90 days.
And I really worry.
This Aloy demo, and I'm sure a lot of you saw it, and I saw it too, it has me worried because I feel like this is the game companies really trying to sort of put out there that, oh, well, we don't need the voice actors.
We can do this with the AI and everything, but let me tell you, and I'm sure many of you saw the demo as well, and I did,
I don't know about y'all, but I was heavily reminded of something else we've seen before.
Who remembers Milo?
Does anyone remember Milo?
What was Milo, Loki?
Do you remember?
Milo was the stupid Peter Molyneux thing that they were pushing with the Kinect that was just going to revolutionize everything.
It was going to be like a real child that you've captured and kidnapped in your own console, and you get to talk to it, and it would have feelings, and it would recognize you, and all this stuff that Peter Molyneux was blowing out his ass because he always promises shit that he can't fucking deliver on all the time, and we now know that he's a fucking liar, but you know what?
Well, you know what?
Let's give the man credit where it's due.
Because he was 10 years ahead of the curve on this.
Because let me tell you, I had the same fucking reaction to the Aloy video that I did to Project Milo.
Huh.
Technically, that's kind of interesting.
Artistically, this feels completely soulless and dead.
that's how I felt about that performance because like what the fuck even was that Aloy you know in that video is like oh I'm doing okay I just have a little bit of a sore throat how was your day go what the fuck what I'm afraid I can't do that you have a sore throat what the fuck does that have to do with anything in Horizon sorry about your bad day girly but like I just it just doesn't
Yeah, E3VL's bringing up Seaman, Seaman, excuse me, Seaman, or Seaman, from the Dreamcast era and how weird that was, too.
Well, there's quite a bit more, you know, just going back to the negotiations, is they're really trying to get the verbiage nailed down.
Yeah.
Some of that verbiage in and of itself is problematic and leading to those loopholes.
I put a chart in chat.
You'll have to find it.
It's the comparison chart for SAG-AFTRA.
It's on SAG-AFTRA.org.
It's what the translation of the contractual text says in real words and then where they are on their gap.
It's a pretty interesting read, but I'll leave it there.
There's also more AI crap happening.
This was another article I was reading just earlier today where Sam Altman was deepfaked for an interview for a documentary that he had not agreed to be interviewed for.
which should absolutely be pursuable in court.
100%.
Oh, absolutely.
And I mean, the documentary is about him, but then he ended up making a film called Deep Faking Sam Altman.
Wow.
So...
Yeah, it just goes back to my biggest issue with AI is that AI is a tool.
AI is not a replacement for art.
And everything about that video, like where it was a tool, I guess it was okay.
Like it didn't seem to blow my mind any more than what's already out there on the PS5.
But as an art, like again, the voice, soulless.
It was like talking to  do you remember when Gigi Goode  I'm going to make everything a Drag Race analogy.
Do you remember when Gigi Goode on Drag Race Season 12 did Maria the Robot for Snatch Game?
Yes, that was great.
It's that.
That is it.
That is what you are talking to in that game is Maria the Robot, which is a real thing.
I actually saw at a conference for work once.
She's not named Maria.
It's something else, but it's patented.
So anyway, a whole other thing.
But it's very that.
And it's just, again, completely soulless.
If they want to use AI to design how the monsters move, design the map,
Design, well, even to some extent, that can get weird, but design how to hide things or design how the enemy controls some of that.
That's one thing, but to use it as an actual replacement for the art, I just think that's going to end.
Let me ask you this question, everybody, and especially the folks, because I know we had some AI enthusiasts in chat last week, which is fine.
I'm all for healthy dialogue, and I want to be...
I want to be open to some of the things that AI can do, but I just think there's obviously too much that people are trying to shove it into things they shouldn't do.
But let me ask you this.
Would you go watch a movie completely scripted and animated by AI?
Would you rather see that movie or would you rather see Pixar's next movie?
I have that through.
One of those companies.
If it was free, I would actually see the AI movie just to raz it.
They have one.
They have one.
It's through like...
They had one, it was like a love story or something like that.
It was absolutely looked like dog shit.
Well, I remember that whole Seinfeld thing on Twitch that got banned.
That's funny.
That was funny in the sense that it looks horrible and it was just people were watching because they knew it was horrible.
They weren't watching like, oh, this is new Seinfeld episodes.
They weren't looking at it like that.
They were just looking at the meme-ability of the insane things that the AI would say because it goes off the rails so quickly.
Assistive AI versus generative AI.
100%.
100%.
That is a very good way of putting it.
I'm pro-assistive AI.
I don't know if I'm going to say I'm anti-generative AI because I think there's some situations when it's more like the Google 2.0 type of thing.
I'm okay with it, but it's not a replacement.
It's never a replacement for art.
So did you see this?
I don't know if you've seen this or not.
This was on the TCL channel, which I did.
That's like the garbage TV stuff that comes in.
But this is an example of an actual AI movie that is entirely AI.
Yeah, it looks like it.
What the hell is this shit?
I don't even want to look at it.
Can I stop Paris?
Maybe after the show.
I don't know.
It looks bad.
Oh my god, you can...
Most of that AI dialogue always strikes me as, of course, we all remember the greatest cartoon ever made, which was rejected by Don Hertzfeld, a staple of Spike and Mike's Twisted and Sick Festival of Animation.
Okay, so you all remember that sequence.
Okay, then you know the sequence that goes, Tuesday's coming.
Did you bring your coat?
I am a banana.
My spoon is too big.
That's what fucking AI dialogue sounds like to me.
That's literally what those movies sound like to me.
But anyway.
All right.
Enough of that.
I will say, though, one last thing.
This is my extreme caution to the game industry on this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you allow the voice of Aloy to be completely AI generated, I'm going to tell you what a lot of very disturbed people and gamers on X are going to do.
Aloy, would you pretty please say a slur just for me, just between friends?
Would you tell a naughty joke that you shouldn't say in public just between friends?
People are going to try their damnedest to get Aloy to say very bad things.
And you all know exactly what the fuck I'm talking about.
I don't need to elaborate.
I don't even think they need to try that hard to do that.
That's going to be a big problem.
have you heard the latest argument now that they're trying to make in court these AI companies are trying to convince the court that copyrighted material should be it should be fair use for them to train their AI algorithms on it oh well then if that's the case copyrighted material should be free for me to perform at any time exactly like if that gets passed through that oh yeah it's okay to train your stuff on this okay well then it's free game for everything right
or is it just that billion dollar companies, after they've already and mind you, they aren't asking permission up front, they've already done this, this is a thing they've already done, this is their defense in court saying that, oh we shouldn't be punished for stealing all this stuff, mind you that
What?
How many thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars were they suing people for downloading a song off Napster or something like that?
But yeah, oh hey, I can steal the entire works of every single artist out there and it's fine.
TigerClaw, you have some gold star comments once in a while, I'm really going to say.
TigerClaw says, so someone could have her say the C word?
Yes, they could.
Hey, Aloy, I really enjoy that song that Malta put in Eurovision.
Would you sing the lyrics with me?
I can't.
Malta's a cunt.
No, she's not.
I've never met the woman.
I'm just... I'm just talking about singing.
Anyway, Fit Dream says, I think they'd pre-record and release only curated things, not just give Aloy to the general public.
If having a sore throat was a curated statement, I question who's writing those curated statements.
Yes.
I too hope they do not replace the scripting and the voicing with AI.
I too am there.
If they want to use AI to jumpstart what that might look like, but don't replace the people that make it fluid.
That's, anyway.
I just, I can't with human people.
You can't?
People are not serving Kant right now.
They are not.
No, they're serving extra, which is the problem.
All right.
Let's move on to another story about a series that will finally be serving us something after like 13 years, right, Loki?
It's been a long time.
I mean, I don't know, what was the last remake of Elder Scrolls, a remaster or whatever that came out not that long ago?
Anyways, so it's been rumored for a while that Elder Scrolls 4 Oblivion is going to be remade here pretty soon, and...
apparently it has been confirmed it is actually happening but there's now leaks saying that it's going to be announced very soon and that'll be coming out in June as well also along with the the leaks from I guess an insider NateTheHate also that they're going to be working on overhauling some of the systems in Oblivion as well including like the stamina system react
and the melee and archery combat to make it a little bit more improved and less irritating.
So cool.
I hope that happens.
Maybe we'll get this all, you know, I could see this as one of those things and it's out now type thing that after their Microsoft's
Live show or semi-live show or whatever the case may be.
It seems like one of those now type announcements.
I really hope this is the thing sooner rather than later, too.
This this would be great.
I would love to play a reworked Oblivion that kind of brings some of the modern stuff into it.
You know, just a little bit of quality of life juggling.
I think that'd be a great thing.
So I do hope it's true.
Yeah, for sure.
Plus, if Patrick Stewart is still the voice of, what was his name, Uriel?
That guy in the very beginning?
I'd be into that.
So, yeah.
All right.
Well, moving on, I'm sorry, but we have yet another AI story, but this is where the gaming world is right now.
This one's interesting.
I don't hate this one, and I'm going to explain why.
I really don't, because I don't think people are going to use it the way they think, and I'll explain why.
Microsoft is making a co-pilot...
Assistant for Games.
And it's, of course, going to use AI because that's what Copilot does.
And there are some conceptual videos with little, that means artistically rendered pop-ups that come up, but not something that is actually running in real time.
But things like, let's imagine that you're playing Minecraft and you were to ask Copilot, okay, I've got some wood.
What do I do with that?
and CoPilot answers, stroke the wood slowly back and forth because AI doesn't understand nuance.
No, but in this artistic render, it says, craft the oak logs into wooden planks by opening your inventory and placing the logs in the crafting area.
So it's basically game tips as you play the game.
God forbid Mojang is going to put a tutorial in their games.
Let's add all these new game mechanics and not explain any of it to anybody.
That's what the internet is for.
Another example in the video showed Copilot recommending a hero in Overwatch 2 to compliment the other folks on the team.
Answering questions about Minecraft and all this other stuff.
Copilot will be able to see your game screen via an app integration to offer the guidance in games real time.
Here's the thing.
Again, I don't necessarily hate this because I feel like so many people do this anyway.
I do this.
The only thing I do differently than the AI is just I have a Google window up.
How do I find the XYZ item in Final Fantasy XIV?
What are the farming locations for this?
Everything I'm doing here is just Googling it.
So if this co-pilot is just now I'm Googling it with my voice and it shows up on screen with the game...
Okay, is it going to get it right 100% of the time?
I guarantee you it's not.
So my question is, are people actually going to use this?
Because did you all forget?
Or as Kathy Bates once famously said in the movie Misery, have you all got amnesia?
He didn't get out of the cock-a-doodie car!
The PlayStation 5 touted something very similar to this when it came out.
It wasn't AI, but it was little short videos showing you how to unlock trophies.
Pop quiz, folks.
When was the last time any of you PlayStation 5 owners used that feature?
When was the last time you saw a game that had that supported in it?
I'll wait.
I haven't played a PS5.
I don't have a PS5.
People are probably just not going to use it.
You have to give people incentive to use this.
And one of the top incentives would be to make sure it's always giving accurate information.
But you know, this is where the gaming industry is its own worst enemy.
You can't see me, but I'm tapping the desk.
I'm hoping the sound comes through.
This is where the game industry is its own worst enemy because games are constantly being patched.
upgraded, changed, microtransacted, morphed, and all of that.
So a lot of times when you want to Google the answer to a question, how do I find XYZ?
The answer you get was true three patches ago.
And what do you bet this thing runs into the same problem, rendering it useless?
Alright, Mish says, I use it all the time.
Currently using it on Stellar Blade and Horizon Forbidden West.
Alright, shut me up.
But I just feel like it's a totally underused type of feature, type of thing.
So, Fifth Dream says, I never used it because I'm good at games.
Okay, that's funny.
That's a good troll.
That's a good troll answer.
Good job.
Fifth Dream says, they call that backseating on Twitch.
Most people ban for it.
Yeah, so I'm
Look, and Deft actually sees benefit.
Deft goes, I need that co-pilot stuff on Overwatch now so my teammates don't fuck up.
Again, this is assistive AI versus generative AI.
My only concern with this is, is it really going to assist people?
But conceptually, I don't hate it.
I don't think it's any... I think people use deadly boss mods.
Yeah, and people Google shit all the time.
So fine, put that on the screen, but just don't expect it to be right.
All right.
Unless maybe it trains off of documentations the developers provided if they want to.
Then maybe that could get interesting.
We'll see.
ChatGTP fueled game facts.
So I realize this might surprise you as much as we've talked about AI on this show.
But I will say this co-pilot AI thing, I don't hate it.
I'm skeptical if it's really going to work.
That's all.
But maybe in five years it's a little different.
All right.
SheHulk wants to point out, Xbox already has true achievements integrated to help with achievements, and it works great.
QuestBuster says, I've used YouTube build guides for Diablo 4 and The First Descendant because I don't have weeks to figure out the math behind what does what after wondering what my tune hits like a wet noodle and where I went wrong.
I'm going to give these guys a free plug, but this is the personal site I use for Diablo 4.
It's called MaxRoll.
MaxRoll.gg.
Icy Veins is another good backup.
MaxRoll.gg.
The reason why I'm telling you that versus YouTube is that Max Roll automatically updates with every single season and every single patch.
There are little nerds and a complimentary.
There are nerds that crunch all the numbers, do that with every season.
And so they build all the builds.
That's what I use for Diablo 4.
YouTube has that.
It's outdated by the time the next patch comes out problem.
Unless maybe you're checking your created by dates.
Like if your created date was within the last couple of weeks, that's probably okay.
That's fine.
Alright, anyway, let's move on to something we're going to see a lot of YouTube tours on in the not-too-distant future.
DarkSakura?
Oh, I think it's going to be time for a field trip soon because the Nintendo store in San Francisco is opening on...
Already.
It opened yesterday.
We have a Nintendo store open in San Francisco and it is located at 331 Powell Street at the corner of Powell and Geary in Union Square.
We know where that is.
And it's the second retail location in the U.S.
Not off the top of my brain.
You said it's 331 Powell Street?
Corner of Powell and Geary.
Okay.
So...
Anyway, but it's 331 Powell Street.
But yeah, I think it's going to be time for a field trip soon.
Except, don't you have to get on a waiting list or something?
I thought I remember that's a thing.
I don't see anything about a waiting list.
I thought I saw something online about that they're going to have people sign up for a waiting list.
This isn't even a full article.
So, hold on.
I'm going to go to Nintendo's website.
Um...
Wow, no phone number listed, nothing.
That's fine.
And I'm doing a little magic travel here to see where this is, to see if it jogs my memory.
Oh, it is right there in Union Square.
So it must be this space here.
Your brand here, retail.
Can you imagine all these people that are going to soon live on top of the Nintendo store?
Can you imagine?
is going to be wild.
But yeah, Palangiri, unless it's on this side, it could be on this side of it.
No, but I think this is 331 right here.
It is literally right across from Union Square.
This big building in the back, that's the huge Macy's building, I'm pretty sure, with the Cheesecake Factory on the roof.
Oh, look, there's a Nintendo bus going by.
No, that's Saks.
Oh, this is the Macy's.
Oh, shit, it's across the street from that Macy's.
We have videos from NBC Bay Area.
Oh, shoot.
Okay.
I'll fill you in.
But anyway, all I really need to know is it's literally across the street from Union Square Macy's.
Fun fact, Alan and I had our first date in Union Square many, many years ago.
There you go.
But I'm trying to remember, what was that?
What was that building before?
Oh, well, I don't remember.
But yeah, that's right in the heart of everything.
Yeah, I'm all for a field trip if we can go.
Hopefully, you know, I'm sure this place is going to get slammed in the first month, but then hopefully it kind of chills out after some time.
So by the time summer rolls around, Memorial Day, that whole type of thing, hopefully it's, well, maybe not as soon as Memorial Day, but hopefully by the time summer rolls around, like my birthday, SF Pride.
Although I don't like SF Pride.
Rob, it is the, your...
Your brand here place.
Okay, it is.
Okay.
Yeah.
Still, it looks like a nice building.
So...
That's the Macy's that gives out all the Armani makeup samples just like if you ask for it.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah.
I've bought many a wardrobe at that Macy's actually.
Because it's so big, they have large amounts of the collections of all the strange brands that you can get.
Like International Concepts, which is a Macy's brand I love.
I get a lot of my eccentric hosting outfits through that.
They have a ton of it at the San Francisco one.
So that's why I like to go there.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
We'll go back over to Loki.
Alright, so BlizzCon is not coming back this year.
They are skipping 2025, but they're going to return next year.
Apparently they don't have a lot to announce or something, at least in the physical form, I don't know.
but yeah it says uh apparently they confirmed that the they're going to be returning on September 12th and was it they're doing the um events gonna be I guess returning in 2026 on the September 12th and ending on September 13th and they're not selling tickets yet for it um
I guess they said when BlizzCon returns in 2020... Oh, here we go.
Here's the full statement.
Yeah, it says BlizzCon is back and... Nothing really... No real details on what's going to change just other than they're going to be delaying it a year, I guess.
Um, you know, it, it, well, I think you're going along the right line of thinking is that they probably just don't have a lot to announce this year.
I mean, we know there's probably going to be a new World of Warcraft expansion.
Well, we know there is one coming because remember they announced three in a row, right?
They announced War Within, Midnight, uh, what was the other one?
I can't even remember now, but there was a third expansion.
Sorry, folks.
I don't remember.
Um, so we know that that's because this is going to be the one that has player housing and all that stuff.
and DarkSakura.
I think they know better than to throw a BlizzCon for a mobile phone game I think they learned that lesson so I don't think it'll be that maybe something in the StarCraft universe ooh, didn't we have the rumors about not StarCraft Ghost but basically StarCraft Ghost kind of making a comeback, that concept of StarCraft coming back as a shooter I wonder I wonder maybe that's the thing that they're finally going to be ready to show in 2026 that they're ramping up to
so we'll see E3VL says Overwatch roadmap you know we might have a major Overwatch revision dare I say Overwatch 3 but I feel like Blizzard's kind of had their statement on why maybe how about this I'm not even going to say Overwatch 3 I'm going to say finally some Overwatch PVE finally some Overwatch PVE maybe like a spinoff thing I don't know I don't know
maybe I'm getting a little wacky wild there but I'd be curious to see what they might have come but I don't think that I mean obviously they're not going to have anything Diablo outside of a new expansion they'll have their regular expansion to the card game Hearthstone we already know what's going on in Warcraft so I feel like it has to be something Starcraft or something completely new
So we'll see.
Yeah, I guess we'll wait and see.
Yeah, but not this year.
Okay, let's talk about, this is a very interesting phenomenon that a lot of people are talking about across a lot of gaming blogs and things like that this week, is that Super Nintendo consoles, and I mean the old school fucking brick consoles from 1991 that still fucking work because they used to make consoles really well back then.
It might be a really disgusting color, but those things do work, right?
But
There's some interesting things going on with the Super Nintendo hardware.
Apparently, the console is actually getting faster as it gets older.
It's ever so slight.
But apparently, there is what's called the SMP speed ROM test that you can run with a flash cart.
And through 143 users participating in a TASBOT survey over on BlueSky at TAS.BOT.com,
was running this test over on Blue Sky, said, can people run this?
And based on the results, Super Nintendo has confirmed it is running faster.
The audio processing unit, or the APU, runs faster.
Apparently, the DSP rate averages 32,076 hertz, rising 8 hertz from cold to warm.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but if you are talking a frame by frame speedrun assisted bot doing this instead, I could see where every frame really can matter and make or break these speedruns.
So this is probably very fascinating as far as being able to run these things on original hardware.
Are they better with age, like a fine wine?
I mean...
It depends on how you look at it.
It's just the hardware is breaking down.
It's just breaking down in a way that benefits.
Yeah, it's breaking down in a weird way.
Speeding up.
Exactly.
But it doesn't mean it's like, it's not how it's supposed to operate.
As a joke, I'm out with another joke saying, so what you're saying is Super Nintendo finally got its blast processing update after 35 years.
Yes.
For fuck's sake.
Yes.
All right.
Enough of you clowns in chat.
Let's move on.
No, actually, it's specifically Matt.
Specifically.
And when I say clown, I mean Matt.
All right, anyway, moving on.
Let's do the classic game of the week, whether it's sped up or not.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for the game this week, DarkSakura?
It's a little bit of a deep cut.
Is it really?
I think so.
I don't know.
People know that I'm a fan of the series.
True.
True.
Yeah, but the game that I picked is Keio Yuugekitai Katsugekihen, which is the sequel to the last Keio Flying Squadron.
So anyway, this came out on the Saturn in 1996.
There also was a European release.
We did not get this in the US.
And I mean, it's okay.
I mean, it's a cute game.
It's really funny.
It's very, very Japanese culture heavy.
But we'll get back into that.
So the original Keio Yugekitai, or Keio Flying Squadron, was a shimupi.
This one is a platformer.
and um it also of course like the last game it it has a very big Japanese culture influence but also ancient and modern at the same time it's an interesting little universe that these characters live in so at any rate um a year after Keio Yu Gekitai
There were some major economic consequences, and so there were public works set in place for the new Edo Castle, because they live in Edo, which was the original name for Tokyo as the Japanese capital.
How's that?
Dr. Pon Eho is a tanuki with a genius IQ of 1400, but he had to labor, and he found some scrolls that show where to find six magical orbs or jewels in the Japanese version.
and so he'd gather the orbs to get, you know, treasure so he left and went to search for the orbs and then the main character for KO Flying Squadron is Rami Nanahikari
and their family is having dinner and then the 13th queen of Yamatai Koku named Himiko Yamatai which is another historical name for this famed ancient princess Yamatai was the name that was given to Japan I think by China
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Rami is actually the grandchild of an ancient family and descendant of aliens that came to Earth.
And so she wears her bunny suit, which is the formal attire of a key guardian.
And that explains the outfit.
Anyway, so like I said, for those in chat...
anyone who's watching the video it it's a platformer and you go around and you fight a bunch of like tanuki and other creatures and uh rob if you skip up to uh the second time stamp uh one of the boss battles sorry i have to look up what it was again hold on uh 1441 i remember it because the number oh damn go you okay thank you
yeah but anyway um you have these cut scenes in it and like so she's coming up in the middle of a like a sumo competition and and they're like no you can't go and she's like watch me and so she has to fight a uh a sumo who gets like encased in a um uh I can see the name in my head Daruma
and she has to fight the giant Daruma.
It's absolutely silly.
I mean, this game is hilarious.
And
By the way, I've seen copies of this game.
The cheapest I saw was like $150.
So not like super, super high crazy, but still high crazy.
So anyway, Rami can also get different weapons.
And there are still like a couple of shmup levels.
But there are other things that she can get called the Homing Spot Junior.
You can get those only as bonuses.
So as far as the other stages, there's a vertically scrolling bonus stage, a roller coaster stage, an underwater stage.
So it's pretty much a multi-genre platformer.
Some of the bonuses that you can collect are three weapons.
So there's Atami, the Hammer of Dreams, which is a large mallet.
Kinugawa, which is the Umbrella of Hope, an umbrella that you can hit enemies with or float or deflect overhead obstacles.
And Kunsatsu, the Arrow of Hope, which is a bow and arrow, and you can just shoot people.
You can bounce on the heads of enemies, and then you can use kappa to reach higher places.
The kappa are, well, turtle demons.
Um...
If you are hit while you're not holding something, you lose life, but your weapons are kind of used as armor.
And you get points orbs to collect, and you'll get different rewards for them.
But that's the game.
If you want to play it, good luck.
But this was, I mean, after K.O.U.
Gekitai was very well received, the developers at Victor Entertainment wanted to make a sequel.
And they were trying to get ideas together.
And here's the thing, they were looking at the three sequels.
making a 3D video game, but they chose to stick to 2D because the game was started development for Sega CD, which Keio Gekitai was on.
But once the Saturn release was rumored amongst the developers, they changed and really tried to
pushed the 2D capabilities so they stuck with 2D and they were going to make it a graphically enhanced version of K.O.U.
Gekitai but then it was made into its own game with a different story they wanted it to be a little bit different so they wanted to bring out more of the charm of the characters and so that's why they did it this way
There also... There was a... One of the shooter stages was going to be a platformer stage.
It's the Sumida River.
Um...
and so there are bow and arrow sets in there that you can't obtain and so there's like there's just like little pieces left in the game like in the code or you can see them on screen from their original what's the word I'm thinking of the original concepts so
There was, like, even going to be the martial arts tournament was planned to have seven participants in it, but they ended up scrapping five of them and only left in two.
So there's, like, all kinds of stuff.
And they wanted the soundtrack to have a relaxed tone, just kind of easygoing.
But, yeah.
It was...
It was released May 17th, 1996 for the Saturn.
And then in Europe and Australia, it was September later on.
It was supposed to be out March that year and had been considered for a North American release.
And then there was this release that came out in Japan as a Sega Saturn disc called Keio Yu Gekitai Okeraku...
I'm sorry, I have my screen set for really small.
Tama Tobacco, which was the KO Flying Squadron carefree jewel box that was not for resale.
And it had really high quality versions of the opening and ending FMV cutscenes of the games, which are
fully animated scenes and then there were some other scenes that were related to the second game and demo levels from the second game and a sound test with voice clips and everything and there's all kinds of neat stuff on there it was pretty cool it got mixed reception everyone thought that the game looked really great and they loved the soundtrack but they thought that the controls were not as great
um and of course there was uh the whole rivalry rivalry with Nintendo and PlayStation at the time that was taking away some of the market share for platformers um but there were folks who just said it seemed generic and way too easy but it was still pretty fun because it was odd and there you go all right
Yeah, not a game I knew a lot about, to be honest.
I know you're a fan of this series, but you know I missed most of the Saturn games, and so I'm kind of learning about them years later, to be quite honest, through segments such as this one.
Well, this is one a lot of people just really aren't super aware of, I mean.
But this is another one of those games that follows, like Terranigma did, where it came out.
in Japan and Europe, but never in North America.
Well, Australia as well.
But I don't know that Terranigma came out in Australia.
I have to look it up.
But yeah, it looks like it just has some neat things for its time in platforming.
And yeah, definitely like that sense of humor as well that, you know, maybe you would see in like, I don't know, Goemon, but not a lot, a lot outside of that.
So yeah.
And it's still different.
I think the pace is a little bit slow on it to me.
Yeah.
So.
But neat.
I mean.
Yeah.
I love all the imagery in it and I love the graphics so it's really pretty great choice for a classic game awesome awesome alright we're gonna get back into some more news here in fact we're gonna get into some rapid fire news here on the program let's get to it Loki what do you have for us quickly
Oh, I'm so excited.
They've announced the sequel to PowerWash Sim.
So it's PowerWash Simulator 2.
It's going to be coming out later this year, console and PC.
It needs a tagline.
It needs that wash harder or something.
Electric Boogaloo or something like that.
I don't know.
It needs a title.
They said they're going to have two players split screen in there as well.
Other than that, it looks pretty similar.
There's supposed to be a hub that you can set up and customize.
Maybe like your own company office or something like that.
You can do that.
But yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
I love PowerWash Simulator.
It's a...
just one of those simple fun games that you just I know exactly what you mean it's a great game to just get high to and play I mean to just zone out and play yeah so I highly recommend it and I'm definitely looking forward to checking it out when it comes out later this year and then along with that um
There's a brand new LEGO Mario set, and it is a LEGO Mario Kart set that features Mario in his iconic go-kart for $170.
It's coming out in May, I think May 1st, and that was announced on Mario Day, and of course...
it looks amazing like it's a really well put together set so I I don't want it it's eight and a half inches tall and like twelve and a half inches wide so it's not a small thing alright I'm excited for more Lego sets I'm not excited to spend the money on it but you know that's how those things go sometimes so alright DarkSakura what do you got for us?
Oh, I have some fun stuff.
So one of my favorite games ever, Chrono Trigger, is celebrating its 30th anniversary, and there are lots of projects going on.
There was a celebration post on their Twitter, I love that the site's still calling it Twitter, that Squenic says we can look forward to various developments that go beyond the world of the game.
It actually, I will...
a quote to mark the 30th anniversary and to express our gratitude to everyone who has played Chrono Trigger so far.
We are planning a variety of projects over the next year that will go beyond the world of the game.
Please look forward to the latest information.
And then there is a, well, it's already happened.
There was a live stream of music from Chrono Trigger from the soundtrack on March 14th.
And there was another one.
Actually, it's still, it went until March 15th.
But the whole thing is up on YouTube.
I can copy the link for chat.
But yeah, it's... I have very special memories attached to this game.
Good times.
Maybe, maybe for its birthday, I'll play it again.
What do you think of that?
Maybe.
No promises.
I've gotten practically all the endings, so... But I told you what...
It's a very, very treasured memory.
One of the last Facebook messages, when I was still on Facebook, that I got from my papa-san, who passed away a couple years ago, was a message out of the blue that says, I remember how I loved sitting and watching you play Chrono Trigger.
And I've kept that message forever.
Oh, I love that.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, no easy way to follow that up, but I will talk about a game that I definitely am always willing to replay, and that's Katamari Damacy.
Good times.
You know, it's been a long time since we've had a new Katamari game.
It hasn't been that long since we've had a Katamari remaster, because we had one of those in 2023, but it's been a while since we've had a full-on new Katamari game.
Catamari Damashii Rolling Live
I have my own criticisms about playing games on touchscreens and things like that when a game is not specifically designed for that.
But I see Katamari as a game that actually makes a lot of sense for a phone.
So this could actually be pretty cool.
I'm really curious to check this out.
So it's not going to be something extremely different from other Katamari games.
You play as the prince.
You roll up objects.
They get big.
They become stars.
But this time, and I love this, it's Kaidabai Damasi rolling live.
You are now the prince as a live streamer.
I kind of love it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
could stand to be the best fucking part of this game right there.
It's the soundtrack, so there's a lot of good stuff in there.
I'm just, yeah, this is cool.
Please don't let me down.
Please don't let me down.
I'm so disappointed that it's only on one platform, though.
Like, I don't like that.
Regardless of what game it is, especially like a Katamari or something like that, like, I hate when they just...
Put out a game on one platform.
You know, maybe it'll go the way of Fantasian and in two years, you know, and to be fair, any game.
I say Fantasian because that was Apple Arcade specifically, but you could put any, insert any game here.
How about Final Fantasy 16?
You know, it goes, or Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth now is going to be on the platform.
They all do eventually.
Well is a deep word.
Somebody here has an active Apple Arcade account and could very well be more than happy to demo the game for people.
There you go.
It's Streamception.
You're streaming a game about streaming.
Gasp.
Gasp.
What does it mean?
Another quick footnote on Apple Arcade because this was announced alongside another announcement about Skate City New York getting an upgrade with 30 new levels and 90 new objectives also coming March 27th and a new Space Invaders game coming on April 3rd.
When you put those next to Katamari Damacy, it's harder to care because Katamari Damacy is everything.
Exactly.
Exactly.
All right.
And that's why I gave them the footnote they deserved.
And we're going to move on.
All right, let's move on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some big games coming out soon, starting with the U.S.
Loki.
We have MLB The Show 25 on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
My Sims Cozy Bundle on PC Kiniku Neko Super Muscle Cat This game looks amazing Super Muscle Cat It's on PC right now It's now coming out on console Check it out It's what President Cat did in retirement
It is a giant muscly man, but you take the muscly man head off and you put a cute little blue cat head on it.
Perfect.
So, it's coming out on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Finally, the AAA studio is returning with Assassin's Creed Shadows.
It's gotta be good if it's been in the oven this long.
PC, Mac, PS5, Xbox Series, Cataclysm
Rendering Ranger R2 Rewind on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Complete Edition on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Xenoblade Chronicles X Definitive Edition on Nintendo Switch.
and then we have Outlier, Yumia, The Alchemists of Memories and The Envisioned Lands on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series and last but not least, Bleach, Rebirth of Souls on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
That's it.
Xenoblade Chronicles X Xenoblade Chronicles X Xenoblade Chronicles X
Regular Edition, Premium Edition, Special Collection Edition So there are many ways to play your Atelier in Japan But I'm sure that will do huge numbers as well Also in Japan this week, Butto Bird That is it, Butto Bird is coming out as well I think they should call it Butter Bird But it is a bird that has... No, it's like when I show you Butto Bird Butto Bird is like... How's it spelled?
B-U-T-T-O
butto butto oh no it's butto no it's it's butto not in my heart rob but butto bird but look on his butto but on his butt he has a gatling gun which is important to the plot
It's extremely important.
What's the one behind you have?
I don't know.
Who cares?
Who cares?
I don't care.
Like, I didn't care until they had the guy.
Okay, fine.
It looks like one of them has like a triple gun and another one has like a rocket launcher.
The other one has purple hair on fire.
And yeah, these birds are up to no good.
Sounds good.
They might shoot you in the butt.
Okay.
All right.
Butoh bird.
It's Butoh.
Butoh.
because there's the double T sound and I've heard the word and fuck I need to go back and look at how it's written I'm screaming because SSJ100Mattenchat says I'll friend your butto bird I'm looking up the game now okay what else do we have in Japan this week nothing is that it oh no it's on its head
NBA 2K25 gets a price reduction.
Goes down to the best price with a re-release.
That's just the Switch, but what do you have on the PlayStation 5 this week in Japan?
Well, guess what?
Assassin's Creed Shadows.
You thought Ubisoft's AAA games were a symptom of the US?
Nope, it's a worldwide problem.
So that game's coming out in Japan as well.
Actually, Assassin's Creed mainline games tend to be pretty good.
I'm just... Y'all know, Ubisoft just...
Irritating the shit out of us.
But Atlier, of course, is also releasing on the PlayStation 5, so please look forward to that.
And Bleach, Rebirth of Souls, also on the PlayStation 5 this week.
That's Japan.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
So, we have just a handful of things.
We have Party Club for PC on the 17th.
On the 18th, we have 33 Immortals Early Access PC Xboxes.
My Sims Cozy Bundle for PC, Rainbreaker.
On the 20th, we have Assassin's Creed Shadows PC, Mac, PS5, Xbox, and Switches.
Also on the 20, DigVR, PC, PSVR 2, Vagrant for PC, RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 Complete Edition, Xbox and PlayStation, Wreckfest 2 for PC.
On the 21st, we have Broken Lore Don't Watch for PC.
Assault Suit Lanos 2 Saturn Tribute for Switch and PlayStation, Xenoblade Chronicles X Remastered for Switch.
For on the 21st, we have Atelier Yumiya, The Alchemist of Memories and the Envisioned Land for Switch.
And also on the 21st, Bleach, Rebirth of Souls, PlayStation, Xboxes, PC.
Alrighty, with that being our release dates, let's do, I think we have one more story for y'all tonight.
Let's go over to Loki.
Yeah, apparently Split Fiction is exceeding their expectations as far as what it's selling.
I think it's sold over 2 million copies so far, and is one of the top-selling, or is the top-selling game, at least currently right now, was on Steam, at least on March 7th.
It looks like it hit the top one.
Um...
and that's probably because it's not a $70 game and it doesn't have any microtransactions so they've said they're not gonna have microtransactions plus being that it is a co-op game like it takes two you can also play with your friends um while only one copy if you use the friend pass thing so oh shit that's pretty you can do the the co-op stuff so um i know it takes two was a great game won a bunch of awards and stuff so that was good i played it gonna go along the same lines yeah
Yeah, so not surprising.
But hey, once again, proving that it doesn't take large budgets to make a solid game that sells well.
And sometimes just make a good game is more important than make a game with flashy graphics and all these other buzzwords and stuff.
I mean, let's look at what Assassin's Creed is going to do.
I mean, sure, it's probably going to sell okay, but...
I think those games are kind of just trending downwards they're not getting better they're just kind of and make a complete experience that's very rewarding for 70 bucks Baldur's Gate 3 says hello like yeah I mean do you know I'm hearing uh this is EA's first game not that critics matter but we do talk about it sometimes EA's first game to Metacritic above 90 in like a decade
A very long time.
Maybe I might be overstating, but it's many years.
It's an indie game, and EA games, especially if you're talking about Madden and stuff, a lot of that stuff is just recycled year after year.
EA's still publishing it, for what it's worth.
It's still an EA game.
Maybe this is the type of thing that EA, you'll learn from this, EA.
Look at the success here, and look.
You can make a good game.
A complete game.
Out the box.
Anyway, we wouldn't have a complete show if we didn't invite the listeners to participate.
We love all you guys that show up here week after week to listen to our show and participate with us, whether you're here live with us on Sunday night or you participate on the podcast feed.
We do invite your emails so you can participate with us every week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and we will read your emails.
DarkSakura, I think we have at least one tonight, right?
We have one.
All right.
Let's get into it.
I think I know who this is from based on Blue Sky.
Hiya, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican, Mike Deft.
as you may have talked about earlier in the show Niantic sold most of their games divisions to Scopely one of the biggest mobile gaming companies out there I personally am not thrilled about this purchase at all some people have said this is good that finally Niantic doesn't have a say in how the games are run and that finally someone that seems competent enough and knows how to develop actual games will fix all the problems and bugs in them I want to believe them and that's probably the case but who knows exactly because there's something that's certain and that is
Scopely wants money.
Scopely just didn't dish out over $3 billion just because they have cash burning on their bank account.
They obviously want the success Niantic has or had in raking in the money from all of these games, especially Pokemon Go.
And if Scopely is known for something...
is how they handle monetization in their games.
And that's what worries me the most of this whole deal.
I mean, I can be very optimistic about this and say that the game won't change that much, if at all, because, and thank you, whoever deity for this, the whole team from Niantic is going to still be working on the games.
they'll just have to answer to Scopely now maybe they'll add something like hey if you want to spend this Pokestop again sooner spend coins or like they already do with Dynamax and Gigantamax raids pay to add more bonus reward items I seriously hope
I seriously hope that is the future of the game with Scopely and I'll totally be fine with it.
They'll for sure get rid of remote raid limits and possibly add most stuff to help with the game but for a price.
We're going to see changes for sure but I don't think it will be entirely for the best.
Again, Scopely wants all the money and if you think Niantic was greedy, we haven't seen the worst yet.
The worst case scenario is that we're going to have to pay for literally everything.
Oh, you hit your spin limit for the day, you gotta pay up.
Or, hey, wanna participate in this event at all?
Pay up.
It's not gonna be great and we're all gonna suffer for it and make the game not enjoyable at all.
And that's what worries me the most about this game.
It finally dies.
I've been playing Pogo since day one or zero even.
I installed the APK from the New Zealand release.
and while not a perfect run, I enjoyed the ride so far and that's because the people I've met, the experiences I've had and all I've done in these almost eight years.
Those ain't gonna go away and I'll cherish them but I can't help but feel it all going down the drain because of corporate greed.
I'm still playing Pokemon Go daily and will continue to do so until it's not fun or enjoyable at all.
In the end, my love for Pokemon is greater than my love for Go and nobody will probably ever take that.
I seriously, seriously hope I'm wrong about this and I'm just worrying too much about
I'm worrying too much and everything will be fine and dandy.
But no one knows.
We'll just have to wait and see and hope for the best.
I'll just end this email with the old saying, better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
Thanks for reading and wish you all the best.
Thank you for the email, Deft.
I'm not sure I have anything really to add to it since we, you know, spent, I spent a good 30 minutes at the top of the show talking about it, so I don't want to totally repeat everything.
I appreciate the additional perspective.
One thing you do bring up that's interesting that I didn't think about that could absolutely, because I've actually mentioned it before on the program, is that, you know, an item in Ingress exists, or a pair of items I'm thinking of exist in Ingress called a multi-hack and a heat sink.
Because in Ingress, you can only hack a portal for
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The reason why I bring all that up, not that it's a one-to-one equivalent, because again, and as I said earlier, you have a PvE game and a PvP game.
These are very different sorts of things.
And by the way, you don't pay for these items.
Heatsinks and Multisinks are not paid items in Ingress.
You hack them from other portals.
They're like items, you know, like cards in your deck that you can play, if you will.
I actually think that's a...
I'm surprised that monetization isn't already in Pokemon Go, to be quite honest, Deft.
Something to cool down the time that you can spin the Pokestop, or that there was never a hard limit on how many times you could spin a Pokestop.
and DarkSakura.
That might be a thing here that could really piss the fanbase off.
I could see that that could be the unpopular change Scopely makes, is they put a hard limit on how many times you could spin that stop.
Deft is actually saying, technically there is a limit, but you don't really hit it unless you're completely hardcore.
Oh, I never realized you could hit a limit, but I guess that makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah, and PogCulture says, or on their couch when the pokey stop is right outside their apartment.
Sure, the little free libraries we were talking about earlier.
SG100Matt says, surely they'll monetize the gifts.
You know why I liked the gifts?
That felt like Niantic's original mission to me, to be able to explore the world.
Routes are actually supremely underrated in Pokemon Go because the point isn't that great in Pokemon Go.
I mean, they're underrated, meaning even by Niantic, they're underdone.
The equivalent in Ingress is a huge reason to play the game.
Missions is a huge thing that keeps people going in that game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Niantic, let's be real Niantic had a little bit of a flash in the pan in some ways they are not good at making games to make money sure they had Pokemon but a lot of their other attempts have not done well I like Pikmin but a lot of you just shit on it and I
And I don't mean you specifically in chat, just like a lot of people out there that I talk to, just like, I don't like Pikmin.
Have you ever played it?
No, but I don't like Pikmin.
You know, it's nothing like a game on GameCube through the Switch.
I don't care, I don't like it.
No, I just don't like it.
Okay.
You don't like it.
Good for you.
You know, it's just... I'm worried that Pikmin's going to be the first one to go, but I hope not.
I really hope not.
I hope the fact that it's got the Nintendo tie-in.
But then again, Nintendo is...
And neither do I, Bobby.
I don't like the console games either.
But the mobile phone, again, I swear by it.
For walking incentivization, it is the best Niantic game.
For that concept of explore the world around you and do shit with your friends in the process, Pikmin is one of the best games on that.
And nobody fucking believes me.
Except for you and your wife, Bobby.
And a few other people out there that play.
Alright.
Anyway, thank you for the email.
I do appreciate the perspective.
And yeah, top of the show.
We had more.
With that, that means we are open to phone calls and so forth.
I was going to take Ranma's call tonight, but I noticed he's not here.
But was DerpyCon this weekend?
Because I think he was posting pictures from that.
So he might be out at a convention right now.
But if you want to call, you can always join our green room.
I encourage you to join our Discord so you can talk to us throughout the week.
Vognetwork.com slash Discord.
A lot of you like to share stories in our channel, and we will post those throughout the week and read some of those on the show.
We minimize the ping.
Actually, I don't think we've pinged everybody on the server in years.
or Ever.
So we don't use that feature, which I know a lot of people can't stand when they join 100 Discord servers is that they're all pinging them.
So there's that.
So yeah.
Mike Def says though, as long as you're not an ass or a bot.
Yeah.
If you're an ass or a bot, please then do not join.
Do not come.
And if you're an ass bot, what the fuck are you?
If you're an ass bot, come on in because I want to see what that's all about.
There is the butt bot in Twitch, right?
Yeah.
Hey, funny, funny bread.
Hey, ass butt.
Yeah.
As opposed to ass butt.
How about some last minute stories?
Loki, we have any of those?
No, I was looking.
No.
Nothing.
Sorry.
Yeah.
That's good.
We had a pretty busy week, all things considered.
So I think with that, we can wrap up.
DarkSakura is going to do some streaming.
Are you playing Debbie tonight again?
Or are you doing?
Yeah, I'll play Debbie.
Okay.
Good times.
Oh, I did.
I saw the new killer.
I was just going to ask.
Tokyo Ghoul.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I haven't watched any Tokyo Ghoul but I know a lot of people who are really into it and the character design is very nice the concept of how they move is like this cross between I want to say like Legion and Wesker it's interesting it's really interesting so I'm looking forward to giving it a shot so we'll see
it's a little Spider-Man to me because like you attach to walls and like pull yourself to the wall like it I don't know that's kind of the sense I got from it a little bit a little bit no weird I mean I could kind of see it but but at any rate though um we only get the killer we're not getting survivor or a special stage or or anything to that extent it's just gonna be the killer
And funny people are saying that his best perks is a yellow one and a brown one.
I'm just, look, for the Dead by Daylight fans out there, I'm just happy you finally got your tentacle monster killer and he's sexy.
Like, look, they're actually delivering on bringing the sexy tentacle monster into Dead by Daylight.
Congratulations.
You won.
You all beat the game.
Your fanfic worked.
Congrats.
Well, I mean, but there was a thing that they were doing, an event called Tadayama, which means I'm home in Japan last week.
And it was them announcing the Tokyo Ghoul thing.
DBD is massive in Japan, like super big.
So, yeah.
There's a lot of talk and chat.
Before we wrap up, there's a lot of talk and chat about Looney Tunes because I guess it's going around on socials, on Blue Sky and stuff.
SGO100Matt says, I just read that they Zazloved all the classic Looney Tunes off of Max.
Yep.
I didn't even know.
And then they're talking about that there's a new Looney Tunes movie.
I didn't even know that there was a new Looney Tunes movie.
now I'm kind of curious about it because I see Bobby is saying I kind of wish everyone would go watch the new Looney Tunes movie in the theater this week or at least buy tickets to it if you want to support 2D animation in future films I literally know nothing about it is Bugs Bunny in drag?
because I'll go see it for Drag Bugs Bunny by the way I'm thinking about getting a hat with Drags Bug Bunny on it tell me I shouldn't do it
Okay, you're right.
I should.
All right.
Oh, Bugs Bunny isn't in it, but Daffy Duck and Porky Pig are.
Well, that's cool.
We all love Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century.
Even cold.
The day the earth blew up.
Okay, I'm down for that.
Let's go see it.
Do you want to go see it?
Yeah, I do.
Let's do it.
Let's fucking do it.
Let's go on an OLR date just for Bobby Blackwolf.
Let's do it.
Let's go see it.
I don't have ballet tomorrow.
I have plans tomorrow, but I don't really know.
I don't have plans Wednesday.
Okay, we can go Wednesday.
We'll go Wednesday.
Let's do it.
All right.
Done.
Done and done.
Are there cheap movie deals on Wednesday?
Hopefully.
All right.
And I literally know nothing about it, but Looney Tunes is just dumb enough, complimentary, that I will probably enjoy it.
I don't need to know anymore.
I'm like, Looney Tunes cartoons are just dumb.
You put them on in the background, they're always fun and mildly entertaining.
Again, dumb, parenthesis, complimentary.
I am hosting a screening of the movie Sleepaway Camp on Saturday here in Sacramento, which, by the way, I encourage you all to come see.
And I know, Loki, you've seen this.
Sleepaway Camp, that movie from the 80s with Angela.
I slipped through it.
Felisa Rose who played Angela in that movie is going to be here live doing live commentary and I have the great delight of sharing the stage with her that night so we are going to have a lot of fun so Sleepaway Camp going to be at the Colonial on Saturday night very excited about that but that movie is also very very dumb complimentary so alright
Bobby Blackwell says it's modeled after a sci-fi B-movie from the 50s.
I'm even more down for that.
That could be cute.
That could be fun.
Especially if it actually is like Planet 9 from outer space.
This island Earth can be yours if the price is right.
Ooh.
Now SSJ100 Matt's talking.
Wonder if it can be enhanced with edibles.
Rob, go pick us up some chocolate.
Well, I didn't show that on Twitch or anything.
What?
Nothing.
Oh.
Well, bring me something then.
I'll give you a dollar.
Only something that is completely legal in California.
It's just candy.
It's just candy.
It's candy I bought at the store.
That's all it is.
All right.
I hate candy.
Okay.
Anyway.
Let's get those final thoughts.
DarkSakura, over to you.
Um...
I am kind of looking forward to playing.
I might just do Killer.
Who knows?
But I have things to talk about.
So come and listen to me talk.
Have a good stream.
About things.
All right, we'll see you in just a moment.
There's good things in my future and it makes me happy.
So I'll see you later.
Yay, happy.
All right, we'll see you in a minute.
Loki, your final thought.
Hopefully I'll have another episode out of my Minecraft series this week.
Good times.
Trying to get it weekly.
I look forward to it.
My final thought is, sorry the last couple podcasts have gone up a couple days later on the feed.
I won't do that tonight.
I've just had some other things going on on Sunday night the last couple weeks.
But tonight, I'm home alone, I think, because I think Alan went to the store.
So I will have the show up shortly.
So sorry about that.
But otherwise, thank you as always for your support of the show.
You all are wonderful people.
Thank you.
Thank you for being good people, because as we saw at one point during tonight's show,
Not everybody passes the vibe check around here and I appreciate all of you that show up live that have great vibes and bring great vibes to the show and I appreciate all of you that email us and participate on Discord and all the other ways through the podcast feed.
We feel those good vibes as well.
So keep those good vibes rolling.
Have fun gaming this week.
I know some of you are going to be real into Xenoblade Chronicles X. Enjoy it.
You've been waiting for this.
Have a good one.
We'll see you in seven days.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
See you next week.
