Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 1039 for tonight, March the 23rd of 2025, where we always get it right on the first take.
So you should always be here to see it live because we never make mistakes.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm perfect.
Thank you.
And I'm joined by the always perfect.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
You're perfect.
You look like a model.
Like Linda Evangelista.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I actually don't have a voice very much because I just got over a cold.
What super spreader event did you attend?
I went to work.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, those whole back in office mandates are real useful, aren't they?
I actually had an x-ray for my leg.
Nothing's broken.
Oh, no.
Two months later.
What?
A little whore?
What?
No.
A little horror show.
The camp classic sleepaway camp from the 80s.
We were doing a live screening with the star.
She was like 13 when she was in the movies.
And she's in her 50s now because it's an old movie.
Was it a live screening or a live screaming?
It was all of the above.
It was all of the above.
It was a good time.
And did you wear your sunscreen?
To an indoor at night event?
Yes, of course I did.
Yes, always wear your sunscreen.
Okay.
There's radiation everywhere, Rob.
Technically, the little face wash I use is sunscreen.
So, I mean, yes, I wore sunscreen.
You want to know what's funny?
This face wash is like have stuff in them.
They don't really do any good unless you like leave them on your face for a couple of minutes before you wash them off.
Actually, I do do that in the shower.
I do.
I'll do that.
And then I kind of not that you all need to know my shower routine, but I will I will soap other things that need soaping while while that is resting.
This is your skincare PSA.
That's right.
This is how I look so fucking good approaching 50.
Just thank you very much.
What?
You know what's happening next month.
Uh, you're having a sub-a-thon because you want money.
Oh yeah, it's your birthday too.
I'm going to be 49.
Congratulations, but you're still not 50.
You're not approaching 50.
I am.
I'm knock, knock, knocking on 50's doors.
I have a whore in that race, okay?
You're kicking down that door.
I have a whore in that race.
I mean horse.
Alright, anyway, let's say hello to another old horse here on the program Always tip and respect your sex workers But, younger than DarkSakura myself, say hello to TechMasterLoki Hello Hi Loki, how are you?
I noticed tonight as we're taping live, because let's get this plug out, we do tape live every Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
You can catch us live.
Again, we always get it right on the first take.
We would never have microphone fails or OBS suddenly deciding to switch audio devices.
Why?
Because we can, or maybe...
I remember drivers.
How quaint.
I only drive when it's Forza Horizon Put that on a t-shirt Or if I'm Loki, this is another case I would drive Playing F-Zero GX, which I noticed you have playing behind you tonight Oh, sorry, this is AX, the arcade one Oh, shit
Good times.
Oh my god.
I know we've reminisced on the show before, but y'all have to know that we are – look, we talk about how we're old, but I want to tell you all we are privileged to have lived at the same time as A, Dolly Parton, and B, F-Zero AX in the arcades and actually getting to go to what, Sunnyvale Golf Land or who had that machine?
Sunnyvale had it.
Yeah, Sunnyvale Golf Land.
Somebody else had it, maybe a place in Vegas, and actually get to play F-Zero AX, taking our fucking GameCube memory cards, putting it in the machine because you unlock... People forget this.
This is the one time I'm ever going to say Nintendo was ahead of its time.
Actually, I'm not, because sometimes...
Sometimes they actually, it's one of those like the correct fool who ends up doing something wrong but ends up getting it right.
But Nintendo totally got it right here.
You would put your GameCube memory card in the F-Zero AX machine and you could fucking unlock the tracks for the home version.
And this is why I have been saying,
I'm going blue in the face saying this too much.
And I hope to God, maybe Switch 2 has the mystical, magical hardware that will let it happen.
Re-release F-Zero GX, you cowards.
And now just flip the magic switch, have a little save file by default with all the AX tracks unlocked.
Because I'm telling you, like 95% of the people that played F-Zero never saw those tracks.
So it'd be amazing.
which were really just reroutes like they were they were just reroutes of existing tracks in the game I don't think there was anything like completely original but still you guys will yeah
Yeah, or as SSJ100Mac calls it, Rob going big blue in the face.
Exactly.
And technically, I think there's either a developer code or a GameShark code that you can put in to actually unlock.
It's like an AX mode even.
Like they have like a whole...
F-Zero GX
Y'all are going to hate me for suggesting this, but Nintendo could sell them both.
Nintendo should sell both.
They could sell them separately.
Sell AX and sell GX, and then let people share the same file between them.
People will buy them both.
I'm sorry.
I know you all are going to hate me for saying it, but let's be real.
I need Nintendo's attention.
I need their attention.
AX goes on the Nintendo Online Expansion Pass, and then you sell the other game, and then it unlocks tracks on the other game.
Done and done.
For the record...
If anyone wants, I do have the GameShark or whatever codes there were for F-Zero AX on GameCube.
Amazing.
Amazing.
Oh, Bobby, I did not realize this.
Bobby said AX tracks also unlocked if you beat all the cups on Master Difficulty.
I never realized that.
I wasn't that good.
I wasn't as good as Bobby Blackwolf, clearly.
Well, this is a way, I guess, for non...
expert players yeah but hey the arcade though it tilted the one we had oh my god it did yeah it was you would actually go let you could go pretty high i don't think you went full sideways but you went a good like 45 degree angle either way it was so fun it was pretty cool so fun all right which which obviously means it didn't last at golf land so you know
All right, well, let's go from what, 2002 or whenever that game came out?
Let's go from 2002 to 2025.
Game Developers Conference happened this week.
Totally, I knew it was, I always forget that that is actually during the week because it is for the industry.
It is for people that work in the industry.
So it is a week.
Day Conference.
I'm always like, oh, GDC is this weekend.
And it's like, no, idiot.
It happened during the week.
So I did have a friend that went and said they got a lot out of it.
They had a really good time.
Who works in the industry and has reasons to go.
So yeah, it sounds like GDC was a good time.
Now, we don't usually get a lot of gaming news out of GDC, but we have a few things tonight, including, I think, something that plays into...
How the industry's kind of been for the last year and some of the not so great things and some of the changes that are happening as a result.
Loki, I'm going to turn this over to you to kick us off tonight.
Yeah, so they announced the formation of the United Video Game Workers CWA, which was an industry-wide union formed by Code CWA and CWA Union.
and uh so now they have basically almost like a SAG-AFTRA type of uh union that is not just centric to like one company for example it is just game developers as a whole across the board which I think gives them a little bit more leveraging power to you know get uh
better compensations you get you know better benefits that type of stuff protections um but yeah they said to not only build community and solidarity amongst video game workers but also to build large scale education campaigns about labor organizing in the video game industry um
So that's what they were doing.
And it says for two thirds of the modern industrial history, there were no legal forms of unions.
They were just humans coming together to organize as best they could to leverage against their employers for better conditions.
But of course, you know, nowadays, you know, it seems to be very anti-union and very like
you know, capitalistic in the sense that they're looking to exploit their workers and stuff we've had lots of stories about different layouts and whatnot but yeah, it's good to see that they're all more united front with that type of stuff
It's going to be interesting to see how this develops, especially now that there is that more, like, anybody can access this type of thing, right?
So you might see more smaller companies.
I don't necessarily want to say indie, because I feel like indie is its own thing, but definitely like small, you know, there's video game studios out there that are, what, less than 20 people, easy.
I want to say, like, Hello Games, I think, who makes No Man's Sky, is a very small studio.
Yeah, certainly, and let's not say that, like, you know, it's not going to necessarily be...
perfect in the indie studios but a lot of the times the stuff that you see where you have you know exploit workers being exploited and stuff tends to be in the more larger studios where they're kind of beholden to shareholders and infinite growth and that type of stuff not to say that you know smaller studios don't have like crunch and other things that aren't necessarily good business practices anyways but um yeah it'll be interesting to see how that actually works out
Yeah, I think all of us have predicted some time ago that with all these layoffs that have been happening and the workers getting treated poorly and some of the things that came out of the dark parts of Activision Blizzard a few years ago, especially during COVID that led to all the protests, I think we all kind of foresaw that more and more people were going to unionize within the industry.
So it's interesting to see it happen at this level.
And honestly, it just sounds like it's needed.
Like, you know, with how long people work, we all know about the horrors of crunch time.
And, you know, I understand once in a while you got to do that to meet some deadlines and get the product out on shelves.
But at the same time, it's like, wait, sometimes it feels like... Don't make it an expectation, make it an exception.
Exactly.
Too many companies are building it into part of their, you know, development plan.
And it's just, it's getting ridiculous.
So, you know, happy workers will inevitably make better games.
So, well, I'm happy for the industry.
That's why happy cows make better cheese, right?
Better milk.
Alright, we're going to move on to the next segment.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games.
Let's move on.
That's right.
You see what I did there.
Alright, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura.
I played some Dead by Daylight.
It's Chaos Shuffle again, and I'm like, meh, meh, meh, meh about it.
Otherwise, I played some Monster Hunter Wilds.
I'm still getting used to the control scheme, which honestly sucks.
Even though I know it's been the same one always, it still sucks.
I played Bell Outro.
a lot of it during my breaks.
I like that game.
I didn't think I would like it, but I like it.
I have... I also played some Palia.
I played... What else did I play?
Shit, I don't remember what else I played.
I'm old.
Oh yeah, Dragon Age.
And yeah.
Alright.
Well then we will move over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It's basically the same as every other week.
It's been Minecraft.
You're going to surprise me someday.
Maybe someday, yeah.
I still need to play Avowed.
But no, it's been mainly just Minecraft and then a little bit of Lotro in between everything.
A lot of content creation stuff.
Your latest video looked really good.
It was alright.
I don't know.
What the fuck, Loki?
You gotta be your own hype man over there.
Your latest video looked good.
Yes, it did.
Yes, it did.
Loki, you know what you gotta do?
You gotta believe.
He's gotta do what?
He's gotta do what?
It's got to be speed.
But it's fine.
We take the alright ones because otherwise you're spending a month editing something.
It's what comes with the territory when you're putting out weekly content.
And so I'm fine with it being okay right now.
It is kind of in a rush.
There's a lot of...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Loki, you're the worst.
This is why you're not getting the subs.
You are the worst hype man.
It's fair.
Believe in yourself as much as we do.
No, I believe in myself.
I'm just saying that the end is pretty boring.
Yeah, the shaders make it look nice, but it's one of the things that everybody keeps complaining.
Like, hey, you guys need to do an end update because...
It's pretty boring, you know, like there's nothing in there.
There's not a lot of reason to go there outside of like Shulker Shells and Elytra.
So, I mean, it could be better, but yeah, I mean, the shaders definitely make it look nice.
And, you know, we'll be talking about updates later on that are going to be coming very soon.
Old promises coming back.
So it's it'll be fun.
All right.
Well, no, do check out the video.
It's great.
And honestly, Loki's got a great collection on his YouTube.
We all do stuff on the side.
DarkSakura, of course, has Twitch.
We just talked about that.
I guess, I mean, a lot of my time has been with the live hosting stuff, so it's a little harder to find.
But, you know, I try to get back on Twitch once in a while, but it is, I'm going to be honest, it's been kind of hard to make time, intentional time for Twitch lately.
And I'm just kind of, I'm,
I'm just making the most of it
Let's see.
My gaming week.
So therefore, my gaming week, I don't have as much to talk about, but it's mostly the usual suspects, right?
You know, like Pokemon Go.
I did the Totodile Day and caught more Shinies.
Why?
I don't know, because I feel the need.
You know, and Ingress and Pikmin and other geolocation games.
A little bit more Diablo 4.
I am now on tier 89 out of 90 for this season, so I'm almost done.
I don't think I'm going to do the full completion of the quest.
I think you unlock like a Raven pet or something, but it's just not worth it.
I need to focus on beating some other games or continuing down the rabbit hole of things like Final Fantasy XIV, which has a big patch coming on Tuesday.
So therefore, I've been working very hard on the limited time cosmetic event that they're running.
They do this Moogle Tome event is what they call it.
and they usually run it to try to keep people sort of engaged in the game before a patch because they know the content gets a little dry so they run some like really hard to get cosmetics normally from previous expansions we'll come back again for Moogle Tomes and running dungeons and helping people with the game and stuff like that so I have now hit 100 on Scholar which also means 100 on Summoner which I never play Summoner but I always play Scholar because it's the one job in the game that's kind of linked it's
1.0 did this weird shit where you had your class before you had your job and then so Arcanist can lead to both Scholar and Summoner.
So when you level anything in the Arcanist tree, you're leveling both.
I know it sounds complicated because it is.
Because Final Fantasy XIV's biggest problem is the fact that it was built on top of 1.0.
The creamy, gooey center of that game is still Final Fantasy XIV 1.0 which was what?
Horrible.
So
And someday, they're really going to have to commit to uncoupling themselves.
That's going to take a major world-changing expansion to do that, but they need to do it.
Swear to God, they need to do it.
Or they're just going to, at some point, they're just going to say, Final Fantasy XVII online, let's go.
And of course I'll be there, because I'm a sucker for Square Enix online games.
I wish they'd still bring Dragon Quest X over here.
I wish we'd get online, or the offline Dragon Quest.
I'll take either, online or offline Dragon Quest X.
I'm sure they'll come over eventually.
I don't see why they couldn't.
Well, and then I want Square to do a Final Fantasy XI offline, which I guess most of the game is solo at this point.
Yeah, I know, right?
Come on!
Did you know that the latest raid in Final Fantasy XIV, the 24-man content, is Final Fantasy XI themed?
What?
What?
What?
are in an area that is literally a copy of Upper Juno with like the auction house and everything except everything is like different looking and you see ghost figures where NPCs would have been in 11 and then there's all these different characters there from 14 and then you actually do the raid and you fight like the Shadow Lord is the last boss so it's
It's neat.
And they use, and yes, they bring back the battle music from Eleven.
So Eleven had a great soundtrack.
If y'all never played Eleven, and I understand why a lot of people didn't touch Eleven.
It did not have the quality of life Perks of 14 have.
But Eleven has a banger soundtrack.
It really does.
I played Eleven.
I don't know what the battle music sounded like because I had it swapped out with Final Fantasy X music.
Oh, that's right.
You had it Zanarkand.
I forgot about that.
That's right.
so Loki and I used to live together years ago and when he would, let's say we were in a Valcrum Dooms, like we would play Eleven together, like on computers, like right next to each other and we would be in a Valcrum Dooms party and then it's like somebody engages a crab and then like, you know, I'm hearing the normal battle music and then over from Loki's computer I'm hearing, change my pitch up, smack my bitch up it was I mean, it was epic it was great it's the most late 90s, early aughts thing ever
And then, oh, what was the other one?
The other one was the Chocobo music was replaced with the Falkor's theme.
Yes, you had the never-ending story music.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Oh, so cool.
All right, anyway.
I just remember playing that game with a controller and being able to pull off all of my macros with my bonus buttons on my controller.
It's such a great game.
Yeah, it was built for the PS2.
So yeah, controllers worked really well in that game.
Controllers work well on 14 also.
I found a better way.
I need, like, a way to emulate Eleven offline and just play, like, on or something like that.
Like, that would be amazing.
So, I really shouldn't endorse this because Final Fantasy is still a live continuing service.
However...
You know, recently... But I firmly believe it is a service that should be rolled up into one fee with Final Fantasy XIV at this point.
I'd gladly pay it.
We can call it... What would we call it instead of Xbox Game Pass?
Squeenix Squeepass.
The Squeepass!
The Squeepass should have Final Fantasy XIV and XI.
And what else?
It could have that fucking triple triad from XI.
Remember there was a separate XI triple triad thing?
It could have that.
Look.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
but you should look on there about how people talk about how to play Final Fantasy XI on the emulated PS2 when the PS2 and Xbox 360 versions were taken down a long time ago.
Wink wink, nudge nudge.
Yeah, I have to look and see how to do that because another thing I've been looking at recently is getting one of those because I have a lot of actual systems but I want one of those cheap I just want one of those cheap
you know, emulation handhelds that you can just dump a bunch of ROMs on play stuff so like a Steam Deck but like off-brand but it would be like Android based or something like that just something cheap but they have them now, I mean technology is to a point where Playstation 2 is easy peasy to emulate that for the most part so I'm like portable Final Fantasy 11?
maybe
So watch, we're going to get to our gaming weeks in like three weeks.
And Loki's going to be like, I didn't play Minecraft this week.
What did you play?
Final Fantasy XI.
And how did you do that?
Can't talk about it.
As he holds up a portable system.
All right.
Let's get into some other games that people get very excited about as we get into some gaming news.
And this is, I heard you like collecting.
So I'm going to put some collecting in your collecting, right, Loki?
Yeah.
Yes, absolutely.
So this is kind of cool because for the longest time, Lego hasn't had the rights to Pokemon as far as putting out Nintendo products.
No, another company called Mega had it.
I'm looking down because I have a Mega Block thing here.
Mega Blocks, Mega Constructs.
I was a big fan of Constructs back in the 80s.
That was my jam.
Also Legos.
But, you know, back then it's like your kid, you're like, hey...
Do the blocks push?
Can I use these blocks with Legos?
Yes.
Okay, cool.
It's fine with me.
I'm not like, oh, it has to be Lego.
But anyways, yeah, Mega has had the rights to the Pokemon franchise for a long time.
And to be honest, their sets aren't bad.
They really aren't.
I've gotten a few of them for my son.
I had a
you know like a 12 inch tall Pikachu and stuff like that and they're really cool and they've had some really cool sets but now uh starting in 2026 the rights are going to be going back to Lego and they're going to have the rights the exclusive rights I assume to make Pokemon products um so yeah be interesting to see what they come up with because honestly like I said you know the the mega stuff it wasn't all that bad like I don't know I don't know why
Well, the hate was for, but, like, it'd be interesting.
They have a lot of cool sets coming out Nintendo-wise.
Like, I gotta get that Mario Kart one that's coming out in, like, two months here, but one month.
Oh, yeah, one month.
May 1st, I think.
Looking in chat, S2100Matt says, the fandom surcharge will be real with those sets and will gladly pay it.
Yeah.
Yes, you will.
So that is a thing.
Like, that is one of the things with the Mega sets is...
they weren't super expensive like Nintendo and well Nintendo and Lego are very much like they are premium price sets so that is the only downside with that um but it's fine I mean I would say if you're interested you will be tested how bad do you want this Pikachu you will be tested
I gotta be honest, the Pikachu set that's out now, they have multiples.
They have one that animates, it looks like it's running.
They have another one you can get with Ash and Pikachu, I think.
It's a full, not full-sized Ash, but obviously it's a pretty decent-sized Ash and Pikachu.
There's a lot of good sets out there, so if you're really interested in getting one of those and you don't want to pay the premium...
Then I would say, you know, check that out.
I hope these are minifig scale sets would be kind of cool.
I mean, obviously they'll do some larger stuff, but I think it'd be really cool to have like actual, you know, like ash minifigs and stuff like that, you know, all that, but...
And honestly, check those clearance bins at wherever you're shopping.
I don't know where people are shopping these days because everybody's pissed at Target.
But that's where I know in the past I got my Mega Block set for, I have a Squirtle, came from Target.
And when the Pokemon Lego things start coming in, the Mega ones are going to end up in the clearance bins.
You probably can get some of those for real cheap as they offload them.
So keep an eye out.
yeah and they're around I mean there's a lot of places that'll sell those because like they don't move very fast but they have a lot of cool stuff they have a little pixel like you can do they're like little mosaics that are the sprites from the Game Boy version stuff like that that are pretty cool with all the starters at least quite a few of the starters I mean there's a lot of sets out there I really recommend you go check them out before the Lego stuff comes out and obviously that's still a year away so we got time
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, the thing that I hope doesn't happen is that whenever they do minifigs of Pokemon, that the Pokemon scalpers don't make it miserable.
Lego is pretty good at flooding the market where it is not a thing for scalpers to be bums.
Yeah, I don't think it's going to be an issue, but yeah, it sucks.
Yeah, reasonable concern.
You know what they could do that would be fucked up?
Oh, my God.
I want to do this just because of my friend Shane, who's obsessed with Shinies.
What if one in every 256 boxes, the bricks were different colors and they let you build shiny Pokemon?
I mean, I don't know if they would do that.
Don't give them ideas.
They've already had the idea.
Well, so apparently the next, so the trading card pocket game, I didn't talk about it in my game movie.
I still play that just about every day.
Mike Def said, I stopped my Bellatro session to yell at Rob.
I love it.
I still play the Pokemon trading card game just about every day.
I've been slacking a little bit.
Those of you that play the game know how it goes.
Sometimes you open the game and it says max number of packs available, two packs available, which means you've been getting your unoptimal number of packs per day.
And it's like, oh, fuck, I missed out on getting my maximum number of packs.
Yeah.
so um apparently the next pack that is coming to that game next week is like a shiny themed pack and I was like oh fuck does that mean you only have like one in 256 chance or something to pull a shiny card but apparently no apparently it is at least in chat please correct me if I'm wrong because sometimes I'm wrong on this stuff um
Okay, so Mike Def says it's just shiny art, so that's good.
Okay.
But, you know, imagine that game has been doing pretty well and they're starting to crank out the expansions a little more often.
How about that?
Oh, Def says it's also the same card with the same effects and stats.
Well, that makes sense because isn't that the way the foil... No, sometimes the foils will have like an extra move or something, huh?
So I'm not, and you guys have to remember, I'm not as deep down the well of the trading card game.
I never touched it before that phone game, but I've got to say, the trading card pocket game, like, I hate to hype a game that I'm not being paid to do, but it's very addicting and fun to just collect the cards, even if you don't really play the game in it.
So...
Alright, yeah, Def says that's what they normally do with the shiny sets in the real-life card game.
Alright, that's good to know.
Interesting.
Alright, anyway, I don't know how we got from LEGO Pokemon to that, but we did.
So, let's move on and talk about... How do we get to any topic?
That's right, because the tangent train says... Beep, beep, I'm here.
You do.
Uh, let's talk about... We mentioned on the show a few weeks ago that Good Old Games, or GOG, was going to be starting this preservation program.
And I think at the time, we'd kind of said, well, isn't this just a rebrand of kind of like what they're already talking about doing anyway?
Which is, you know, they want to...
And I understand that, you know, a lot more gamers are being aware of this idea that sometimes games are no longer available.
They're no longer playable because maybe they were online only or they, you know, they're on a system that's very hard to find copies.
I think just earlier in chat, DarkTetsuya was saying something about trying to get a copy of F-Zero GX now.
Yeah.
is dollars like it's it's not a cheap game um it's probably not as expensive as like some of the Saturn classics that Jamie brings up on the show but I it's probably cost more than you know it did when it came out so good old games you know their original sort of MO was uh releasing classic games and then to try to turn a better profit they started kind of getting in the market of current games as well but it's all DRM free and has manuals all this stuff
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, this week, GOG announced Silent Hill for The Room.
That's kind of surprising.
Isn't that kind of out of left field?
I think that was a better game than people give it credit for.
That's not left field.
That's somebody else's field.
But it's a good pick.
I like the room.
So yeah, Silent Hill 4 is going to get added to that.
Deus Ex, which a lot of people love that game.
The original Fear is also joining that as well.
In fact, they are saying 20 new games being added to that, including, oh my god, this makes me happy, all 8
Wing Commander 1 and 2
That's brilliant because I think a lot of people try to go back and play Wing Commander 1 and 2 and the clock speed is way too fast.
And I know there's tools out there to adjust, play with them, find the right setting, all that stuff.
So I just love that people can now experience the classic fucking... These are like... Y'all have to remember for...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Port Royale 3 Gold, Alien Breed and Tower Assault, Privateer 2 The Darkening, and Cannon Fodder and Cannon Fodder 2.
That's all the games going into the program now.
So that's – I will give credit where credit is due.
When I first talked about this, I was like, this is just kind of like a marketing thing for GOG.
It's just to remind people they sell the classic games.
The fact that they are coming back and saying we're adding more and they're – these aren't – some of these are –
There's big games coming to this that will probably catch your attention.
Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf saying, Wing Commander 1 and 2 was my jam.
I can't run them on my 486.
Too fast.
Exactly.
But now you can run them with this program.
So I think that's great.
So kudos.
DarkSakura with other stuff out of GDC.
Yeah, so there was, of course, the Game Developers Choice Award 2025 and Game of the Year is Bellagio.
Yay, Kermit Flail.
Anyway, I really don't think anyone is super surprised.
I mean, that's kind of surprised because, I mean, there was what else?
Astro Bot.
Astro Bot.
Zelda Tears of the Kingdom, Astro Bot I'm not even seeing it on the list at all I see Astro Bot for Best Technology and Bellator won Game of the Year and Best Design and Innovation Award and Best Debut so I wouldn't say it's a total sweep but it was pretty big
This is a good year for an indie to really be celebrated like that.
Even if I've talked about how Bellatro didn't click for me.
But boy, the more my co-hosts talk about playing it all the time, I'm like, I really need to just suck it up and try it again.
And now it's on Xbox Game Pass too.
So it was on Steam and I play through Apple Arcade now.
And what I really dig with it is just that it's something that I can have open on the side while I'm doing other things.
you know so like if I'm say watching a documentary you know because you know me I love documentaries then I might keep it open just to have something to do with my hands while I'm watching something I thought it was your Chinese 90s dramas or whatever was your thing okay so uh-oh uh-oh she done went there when I was she done went there when I was watching I finished the one um
I started another one to realize I'd actually already watched it.
It was actually a sequel to the one, so I started another one.
And I've detected a theme.
I've detected that when the women in the harem hit that point where they have had too much and want to escape living, they run full blast with their heads into solid objects.
That's it.
That's the theme of every single one of them is ram your head into an object if you want to no longer exist.
Or you know.
If you're ready for reincarnation, run into the wall.
But anyway, yeah, and everything bad has to, something really bad has to happen every episode.
And then, but wait, there's a twist.
That's how they go.
That's how they all go.
I digress.
I mean, that's what happens on this show.
Looking at chat, Dr. Tia talking about Bellatro says, I'm probably not great at poker, and I did try it after it showed up on Game Pass.
Might have to give it another try, but it's neat.
And Bobby says, exactly.
Bobby says, the only thing it shares with poker is what the hands are.
I would say, if you've ever played Yahtzee, or Yacht, I guess, as it's called in some collections,
it that has about as much in common with poker as well like it's just it's like the scoring mechanisms and how you get things but like Yahtzee is like a very different game that just is scored similarly to poker if that makes sense
Yeah, they basically, outside the terminology and some of the gameplay, it's completely different.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Bobby Blackwolf also says about these GDC awards, these are your real awards, but nobody cares because they show no game trailers.
No, you're right.
There's no lies detected.
But here's the problem with the cycle of that.
Because they don't do game awards and because they aren't...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura.com
Anyway.
All right.
We just have to remember in the future, GDC week is when that happens.
Okay.
I know this isn't on the show roll for tonight, but surely...
Oh, yeah, I saw that.
Yeah.
It looks so fun!
It looks so cute!
Isn't this the best?
No.
I love this.
Just, no, wait.
I'm gonna tell you right now, like, the cat that we have come over all the time, that is how she wants to be pet.
She just gets butt up in the air.
It's like...
It's so weird, but that is so accurate.
Yes.
See, I don't need to put money into that because I have a cat.
And I smack her butt all the time.
I still would play that game.
I don't care.
SSJ100Matt says, I want someone to beat a Souls game with that controller.
Oh, I'm sure.
GDQ next year?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
What about installing Doom on that TV and playing Doom with the cat butt?
Like, it's going to happen.
Just give the internet a little time, people.
A little time.
It's been...
We just need to see when this gets to round one.
Yeah, right.
So anyway, that was... I still haven't been to that round one, by the way.
Really?
Yeah, really.
We need to like really do a night out because we talked about a night out at the movies and didn't end up doing it, but it was... And then I was sick.
Yeah, it was a long week for me at work.
So yeah, no, we need to do a trip to round one.
My weekend should be more free next weekend, so maybe we can do that.
Mm-hmm.
I still want to see that movie too but the movie might be harder to find uh because uh you know because Warner Brothers I heard they did extend it another week though so it's did you hear about Wiley or Acme yes I did that's actually great it's the same distributor that did this movie right isn't that great that they get to write it off for taxes and sell it yeah that's
Great.
This same distribution company, what is it called?
Painters or something?
Is that their name?
Ketchup.
Oh, no, Ketchup.
Sorry.
Where the fuck did I get Painters from?
Okay.
Ketchup apparently offered 50 million for Coyote vs. Acme to do a full theatrical release and all that stuff with it.
And everybody on the internet is like, yes, bitch.
So we'll see.
Could happen.
Yeah, and PodCulture says, now I want Batgirl, damn it.
I'm really surprised.
Do you know how much money Netflix spent on that fucking bomb they just released?
I don't even remember the name of it.
It has the Stranger Things girl in it, who's a woman now.
She's like 21.
It's $320 million.
It's the electric state.
I have the book.
That's it.
That's it.
I just got the book.
Was it good?
Did you watch the movie?
Was it good?
I heard it wasn't.
I did watch the movie.
So here's the thing.
The movie is...
I like the environment.
I like everything about it.
I haven't read the book yet, so I don't know how accurate to the book it is, but it just seemed like the writing was bad, is what it was.
Everything else was fine with it, it's just the writing was bad.
And based off of what I heard with the Russo brothers and stuff, it's basically like, oh yeah, we like the imagery in the book.
Okay, cool.
Did you read the book?
Did you incorporate the themes of the book?
Did you read a comic book?
Who reads?
I can't read without pictures.
It's not even that big of a... We had Lea Michele analyze it for us.
But anyways, yeah, so that it's
It's alright.
I mean, I liked it.
It was alright.
Is it like an exciting movie that I'd have to go back and watch again?
No.
Like, absolutely not.
I would say if you like the idea of what they're doing with that and want to execute it better, I hear Tales from the Loop is better.
It's another book that's by the same author.
And that's an Amazon series.
The point I really wanted to make is that for that amount of money, Netflix could have made 10 movies for $32 million, which is a pretty modest, you know, pretty decent budget for a movie.
Could have made 10 movies for $32 million.
This would have been a great, if they just like had better writing and just extended it out for a series, this would have made a really good series.
Because there's a lot that they could do with the environment and the imagery that's in that, that they kind of rushed through.
And a lot of it was kind of explained away, just like,
barely it's just exposition dump and then it's just you know a thing happens and then we go do the thing and now we gotta go to this place and do this thing and there's no stakes really like they have these other like evil robots and it's like okay here are the evil robots and they're gone like it was just as quickly as they were introduced they were a threat for like 30 seconds and then then they're gone
Interesting.
All done.
All right.
Well, not only can Loki talk about movies, but there's another topic you'd love to talk about, Loki.
I do.
I do.
Get to it.
Talk about Minecraft.
Yeah.
So yesterday was Minecraft Live.
They've now committed to doing two per year.
So whereas it used to be like one big event that they would talk about, you know, the next big updates coming now that they've switched to a smaller like quarterly drop event.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
New Grass Options Dead Bushes
WindGusty Sounds, so it's a lot of ambient detailed stuff that's coming with this next update which will be out on Tuesday and then they talked about showing off the first feature of the update coming out after that which is now this new version of the gas which is like this big balloon ghost thing that has a weird baby cry to it
um but now it's called the dry gassed and you find them in the soul sand valleys and basically you hydrate them with water and then they become a friendly gas that you could ride and put cool steampunk goggles on and just ride this giant like airship thing it's kind of like the movie trailer but not like in the sense those are more set up like hot air balloons these are just like sitting on a giant balloon and just riding on the top of it um
They did show off a little bit more of the Minecraft movie, another clip of it, which is just more of Steve yelling out game mechanics for Minecraft.
I feel like, you know, like the modern day, you know, landscape of video entertainment on television and movies, it seems to be that what is hampering a lot of this stuff is bad writing.
And unfortunately with the Minecraft movie, I feel that's also going to be a thing because it's just, it's, it, it's explaining too much.
Like you don't need to explain like, those are the villagers.
Like,
We can gather that from the game or something.
But how else are they going to know what toys to look for on the store shelves?
Yeah, but they don't need to.
Who's this movie for then?
The toy companies, that's who the movie's for.
That's never heard of Minecraft, then I don't think that you need to explain all the mechanics.
It's for people that...
Play Minecraft or like enjoy it like for kids that obviously are familiar with all this stuff.
Like you don't have to explain, you know, Loki, Loki, Mel Brooks said it best merchandising, merchandising, merchandising.
I understand that.
And yes, they've already done the merchandising with the horrible Jack Black mini fig that you can get for the movie.
I saw some of the action figures, or inaction figures I should say
yeah they're scary looking but yeah so that's some of the stuff that's going to be coming we'll probably get some more updates with the Minecraft monthlies that they do and then of course that stuff will start dropping in snapshots here probably pretty soon as soon as this next update comes out
so I'm excited for it, I think it looks cool the rumors I've heard about the next update are like they were talking about doing some tweaks with horses as well like giving them horseshoes and stuff so it sounds like it could be maybe centered around transportation being that this is a new method of transportation with this flying friendly gas thing so it'll be interesting to see what happens but I'm excited and I'm excited to see the movie even though it's probably not going to be great
All right.
Well, I look forward to your review on if I should bother or not.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
And this is some of the most shocking news of the week.
But, you know, I have to talk about when companies do things right and when companies do things wrong.
I'm going to talk about a story tonight where the ESA, yes, the Entertainment Software Association, has done something useful.
This is incredible.
Huh?
Accessible Games Initiative Accessible Games Initiative
and Nintendo is going to be one of the founding members along with EA, Microsoft, Google and Ubisoft which honestly reads like a rogues gallery but here we are.
Bizarro world is here everybody.
But yeah, the Accessible Games Initiative is going to start with those five founding members but I do believe there's more as well.
I think I heard somewhere Sony is going to be involved with that and some other companies too.
That already sounds exciting.
Yeah.
Yeah, the idea is clear information about accessibility features within the video games.
There's going to be tags that will have clear criteria.
So some tags will highlight games that have clear text, large subtitles, narrated menus, stick inversion, save any time, and things like that.
So Nintendo of America is going to introduce these tags in the future.
So when publishers add support for the accessible games initiative tags, you can find them in the My Nintendo Store, right?
Because we're kind of doing more of our shopping for games online by these tags.
So these tags are going to help you find what games are accessible.
Pretty logical, right?
Mm-hmm.
They are saying that this is going to help consumers, going to help the players to find information about these video games before you plunk down the $70 or whatever they cost to buy them as well.
Other games that are committed to this, Amazon Games, Riot Games, Squeenix, Warner Brothers.
Again, reads like the Rogues Gallery of Evil, but this is a great thing and a broken clock is right twice a day, so let's call out the time because it's looking good.
In a comment, the current president and CEO of the ESA, Stanley Pierre-Louis, said it was an industry-wide pursuit, saying, quote, Tens of millions of Americans have a disability and often face barriers to experiencing the joy and connection that come with playing video games.
We are immensely proud to announce the Accessible Games Initiative in partnership with industry leaders.
This initiative demonstrates how impactful we can be when we work together in our industry-wide pursuit of helping more people experience the power of play.
And yeah.
Gotta fucking hand it to them.
Games are for everyone.
This is the perfect fucking time to announce this when a lot of the developers are kind of paying attention right now.
So you know what?
Here you go, ESA.
I'm going to award you one clap.
Here you go.
One clap from Rob Roberts.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
No, this really is a good thing.
More of this energy, please.
Now do Game Workers Rights next, but you won't because you represent the publishers, which are usually the ones.
But I'm going to challenge.
Do Working Conditions next.
SSJ100Map.
200 Matt in chat says, ESA doing the right thing is like the Washington Generals beating the Harlem Grobetrotters once every 50 years.
Yes, that part.
Well, also, I think, you know, and maybe this is it too.
I need to look into this before I run my mouth.
Somebody buy me time, because I need to, before I run my mouth here.
And here's Rob looking up stuff, but we like a fact check here in this house, right?
That's right.
We sure do.
And like, some people in charge of things in this universe, gonna say, but... I was told there'd be no fact checking.
You were lied to.
Lies!
Many, many lives.
I'm trying to figure out, okay, my thought is, how long has the CEO been there?
Isn't he newer to the organization?
No, since 2019.
Okay, hmm.
He's there since about four times.
All right.
I don't know then.
All right, I thought they had recently replaced.
See, that's why I fact-checked live.
Never mind then.
Yep.
All right.
Well, let's move on then.
We appreciate the fact-checking.
That's right.
So, see, I didn't run my mouth for once.
All right.
DarkSakura, why don't you give us the facts on what one of our favorite game devs of the past is up to?
Well, we like ourselves a Katamari.
We've left our mark on a Katamari in real life.
Well, we left a very tiny CD on it.
We left our mark on their Wikipedia article for one of their games.
Yes, we did.
We did.
It hurts.
It hurts also on there, too.
but Takahashi Keita who we love for Katamari and also for Nobi Nobi Boy and a few other interesting things has told us why he left Bandai Namco in 2010 because he wanted to share experiences with different developers to go all over the world and get different ideas from other people
He likes to see what different customs are around the world.
I'll go ahead and read a quote.
American schools don't have the custom of changing shoes like Japanese schools do.
I was once asked by a team member about what the school space full of shoe cupboards was like.
I tried to convey to them that there are loads of shoes and that there's a kind of smell, but it really is something that's unique to Japan.
I don't know what school culture is like in the US so I had no choice but to use Japanese elements so basically he wants to explore all different cultures and be able to incorporate the things that he learns into different games he wants to be able to understand his target audience and we don't have enough people doing that I love it
Yeah, some, you know, I feel like the news about this gentleman comes around like once every few years.
But that's kind of, yeah, I think it's, I think a change in atmosphere once in a while is a really good thing, especially in artistic sort of industries.
You know what I mean?
No, it absolutely is.
I mean, we, like I was just saying, we need more of that happening.
Mm-hmm.
you know it's we get too many I think games out there where it's just sort of not necessarily that it's a true cookie cutter but that it falls into a very targeted trap uh you know trap that you're only you know you're gonna get money out of these people so make it for these people right yeah um
I don't know I just I have feelings about it but I think that that I mean well I mean it's true we really do need more people willing to put that kind of legwork into it who want to understand the gamers who want to understand that there are bigger stories to be told well I look forward to playing to a tee very soon
I'll definitely check it out.
Here's a game I won't be checking out.
That's going to be May 28th, by the way.
Moving into a game I won't be checking out, but no shade.
It's just not my preferred thing, but Loki?
Yeah, so EA College Football apparently is offering more money to college players to appear in the game.
So I was just shocked at the amount of money that they get.
So previously, they would get $600 and a free copy of the game to appear in the
The NCA game.
A game that, you know, essentially is about them in the first place.
Now, though, they're being super generous.
Mind you, this is a multi-billion dollar company and this game makes billions of dollars each year.
They are upping that from $600 to $1,500 now if they will license their likeness to EA.
Um...
I hope it's just for the one year, because I could see them using AI to do stuff with these players and stuff, but that seems awfully low for putting these players in the game.
Y'all better write that AI shit in the contract.
I'm telling you, if we have any college football players that listen to this show...
If we have any, you better write that anti-AI shit into your contracts.
Do not sign if they have the right to use AI in your likeness for anything.
Unless you really want it.
It's just awfully low, considering that, like, what, $600?
Well, that's...
So, you know, it's not...
It is a little different than maybe when there's only like 21 players on a team and 21 teams.
You know, it's a lot more people play college football than you might think off the top of your head.
So like, I do understand that.
College football is religion in the South.
Yeah, it is.
I think, you know, if it's just, you know, like their stat and maybe like their likeness in the game, I...
I don't know.
It's hard for me to say what is fair and what is not fair, but if you are one of these people and you don't feel you're being compensated appropriately, you have the right to ask for more.
You might get told no, and it might be some hard bargaining, but you don't know if you don't ask.
And I would suppose it would depend on, you know, I don't know who the celebrities are in that sort of realm, but maybe there's some people that might feel entitled to a little more money, but then I don't know how it gets all...
Fuck you with union agreements at the collegiate level and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I...
It is, it is double.
It is, I mean, it is going up.
It does sound, I think it, I think it sounds bad because you think about your big football players and why in my brain do when I say big football players, I go like Joe Montana, like my brain, my brain is still rooting for the 49ers in 1985.
That is like where my brain goes.
Big football players like Joe Montana.
It's like, you know, that's,
Who would be commanding a lot more money.
But for these college players...
I mean, it's... I would say to my point, though, if it's too expensive to make your game because you have to pay people fairly, and you're like, well, I just can't do this if I can't pay them unfairly, then you can't make your game!
Sorry!
You can't do it then.
I don't know.
It just seems ridiculous to... That is such little money...
Well, you know, at the end, Bobby does point out players do opt out.
You can opt out.
You're not bound to this.
And like I said, if you don't think it's enough money, you have the right to opt out, which is good.
So don't sign it.
I think it's good.
But like, yeah, I mean, honestly, it just seems considering the amount of money that people make or demand for different things and considering how much money this company rakes in with Madden and
and E-Ink.
I want to say, isn't Ultimate Team part of the college one as well?
There's a lot of money, and there's absolutely no reason they couldn't pay more.
How would you feel?
Okay, just hypothetically.
How would you feel about a deal where if instead of a flat figure, there was a likeness pool?
We're going to pool all the players together into one financial pool that is like, we'll say 3% of the profits of the game go into this financial pool that will pay all of the players equally for their likenesses.
Yes, I think that's fine.
Interesting.
Okay.
I'd be curious how the math is mathing when all is said and done because Bobby does provide some good figures here saying that it was basically $8.5 million at $600 a pop.
You know, this is going to be much more money.
So, you know, if they are spending a pretty good percentage of the actual profits on this, then it probably just – it really – it's like those fucking class action lawsuits you get the emails about.
And then you're like, oh, yeah, I'm going to get a big old fucking check.
And then you get the check in the mail.
And you get –
it's $4.06 and it's like because so many people did it it got split between all those people so I feel like there's similar mathiness going on here where it's just there's a lot of people entitled to the money let's see so college football 25 um so let's see here um
It says they only opted in, there's only 10,000 athletes Only 10,000?
Well, they had opted in for, yeah, so it was like 6 million, I guess, would that be, I think that's 6 million with $600 each But the game, let's see, so the game itself, I'm trying to see what the sales numbers were on this real quick
I guess, yeah, you add up 105 players on 10,000 players.
That's, again, it's a lot of people to split the money between.
That's what's happening.
Anyway.
I mean, I get it.
I just think, you know, at launch it says more than 2.8 million players.
It says 2.2 million whom purchased the deluxe edition of the game.
so 2.8 million uh 70 dollars a game i mean that's like but then shave the 30 off that the retail gets unless it was sold direct i mean math gets hard right no like most but yeah okay
but retail is hardly a dent in any of this stuff it's mostly digital nowadays so that 30% they're just taking the 30% so I think that kind of washes probably more so on the publisher side they probably get a lot more of that 30% because it's not the Wild West days where it's small independent stores now they're selling your games and you have to work in that margin for them
There's not a lot being sold at retail anymore.
It's mostly...
you know I think and this is probably that the reality is at the end of the day this is not a conversation that's our business and we just have to accept that in gaming we want everything to be our business but it's not always but it's all about me I know it's the games that I want just the early access the special edition versions of the game 2.2 million sold at $100 each oof
So that's $220 million Here's the rest of my thought And they're spending $6 million on the players?
The players and their agents should have an understanding of the math that we are trying to figure out live on the spot.
The players and their agents should have an understanding of what percentage does this boil down to.
And maybe that's why it went up from 600 to 1500 was through those conversations.
But I think at the end of the day, that's one of those... This is a conversation we're just not invited to the table for as much as we want gaming to center around us.
And that's what it is.
And that's before you even consider Ultimate Team because Ultimate Team is...
A major part of the pack-in bonuses with the Deluxe Edition, which sold 2.2 million copies.
Yeah, they can afford to pay them at least 10 times what they're paying them now.
They could afford that.
Easy.
We could talk much more about this, but the reality is we're not at the negotiating table.
But don't be afraid to negotiate, agents, folks, if you don't sign it.
If you don't like it, don't put a ring on it.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about this.
Oh, this is interesting.
Another sequel coming out of Atari.
So you know how they did like a Yars Revenge sort of reimagining and it really had very little to do with Yars Revenge.
They kind of turned it into a Metroidvania type of game that had Yars Revenge elements in it.
And to be fair...
I never got around to playing it, so I can't tell you if it's good or bad.
But apparently it was good enough for Atari and Mighty Yell and 13AM Games to come together to make Missile Command Delta.
It is now a turn-based tactical game that will be out on PS5, Switch, and PC.
Very little of the game could I get a sense of from the announcement trailer because it looked like a bunch of 3D stuff.
I was like, are they turning it into a 3D game?
But then you can see, just barely...
Some screenshots in the game I'm trying to see if I can like If you squint really hard?
Yeah, basically Like you can see Well, alright, I'm gonna do this For those that are watching live I will run the trailer here And I'll try to get the parts that actually show what the game looks like here
Which I think right in here.
Oh, dang it.
That part here.
There we go.
This part looks like the more tactical part where you have like the big board with the hexagons.
Dang it.
See, they show they show so little of it in the trailer that it's hard to get a sense of the actual game is.
But I think you see I think you see a glimpse of it here, too.
So, yeah, it's like a more like tactical, puzzly type of game here.
I don't know, it could be interesting.
Yeah.
Look, I appreciate that it's not just another fucking reboot of the same game we've been playing for literally 40 plus years.
Like, they're trying something different with it.
I hope it works out.
So, Tigerclaw says, I wonder if Mr. Awesome will play it.
Probably not.
I... I'm exhausted just thinking about that conversation.
All right, moving on.
Let's go back to a simpler time with this next segment.
We're going to roll the bumper right now.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
This is quite the classic tonight that DarkSakura has picked for us because I know some people that would say this is the best video game ever made.
I know more than one person that would say this is the best video game ever made.
And it's about time that I did it because it hit the point.
It literally hit that point well enough.
Tomorrow.
That point being 10 years or older is what qualifies the game as classic game of the week.
But Jamie's allowed to bend the rules whenever she wants.
It's her segment.
So if she's early by a day, and I think when you hear what this game is, you're going to say, oh yeah, we can bend the rules for this one.
It's Bloodborne.
So I've already done both of those, you guys.
And I even did Halo, Bobby, because I got paid to.
Okay.
Bloodborne, a game that came out on March 24th, 2015 in North America.
PAL regions March 25th, Japan March 26th, UK March 27th.
It is an action roleplay game that was developed by From Software, published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4.
You follow a hunter through this city called Yharnam, where the inhabitants have this blood-borne disease that turned them into beasts.
You have to find the source of the plague and unravel the mysteries behind it.
um there you go uh it is a third person perspective you control your protagonist and you run around and you fight shit um it has a lot of similarities to Dark Souls has lots of influences by Lovecraft and Bram Stoker and uh some this part that I think is cool it includes a lot of homages to the architectural design of Romania and the Czech Republic so I think that that's cool um
It has been, as some say, among the greatest video games ever made.
Praised for its atmosphere, art direction, sound design, the themes, gameplay, you name it.
There was some criticism when it first launched, but there have been post-release updates that made it better.
There's DLC called The Old Hunters, released November 2015.
the game has sold 7.46 million copies by February 2022 and there's all kinds of other stuff out for it as well so basically you play your hunter character and you go around fighting people, bosses and interacting with items and hanging out with NPCs and doing just all kinds of stuff that FromSoftware games are pretty much known for
So you also can return to your little hub world called the Hunter's Dream by talking to lanterns or interacting with them.
And it fills up your health, but it respawns every enemy you just fought except for bosses and mini-bosses.
But it's also got pretty big maps and all kinds of little hidden stuff that you can find.
and you also have shortcuts everywhere different places to explore but one of the other things too is that you are rewarded for higher risks so like for example if you you know you'll get health potions better health potions if you strike an enemy in like a more riskier move for example you also have a new game plus which is also good
you get Molotov cocktails, you can blow shit up you also get Blood Echoes where it works as experience points in currency and if you die you lose what you have but it drops where you left off hidden items, that kind of things it has a multiplayer mode
it is you basically activate this item and suspend an insight point and you can summon other players into your world to play with you but it does leave you open to invasions so other players can go into your your world and kill you so there's that there are chalice dungeons which are special dungeons that become available through using different items and materials um
There's really a lot going on with this game, way too much for me to go into super detail about.
But basically, Japan Studio, which is a subsidiary of Sony Interactive Entertainment, reached out to From Software to work together on a game, and Miyazaki Hidetaka...
who was the director, asked about doing something for the 8th generation consoles.
And so Bloodborne came up around there.
It was something disconnected from the Dark Souls franchise, but of course it's from software.
It was going to be similar.
But they were predominantly inspired by Dracula, which features many locations in Romania and Chechnya.
Of course, there was nods to the Cthulhu mythos.
You know, all kinds of goodies in there if you're a fan.
So moving on to the release information.
It was...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, and, you know, I gave the release dates already, but there was the DLC, The Old Hunters, that came out November 24th, 2015.
And it's a place in a world where hunters of the past are trapped.
So you get new stuff, new outfits and stuff.
Um, there was a limited edition collector's pack.
It had a steelbook case, a hardcover art book, a digital copy of the cell track.
The Sail Trek was released separately on April 21st, 2015, and the European exclusive had physical items like a quill and ink set, and all of the items in the standard collector's edition.
The Asian edition had a letter opener that was modeled off the in-game weapon, the Kirkhammer PS4 bundle.
I was also available.
And then there was a song that was recorded by a hit house featuring Ruby Friedman for a trailer in the TV spot.
And they went all out basically for this.
In fact, Sony Denmark teamed up with Give Blood to encourage blood donations.
and anyone who donated on March 23, 2015 got a chance to win the game as a gift.
And then there was a licensed card game that was based off of the in-game Chalice Dungeons.
It came out November 2016.
There was a comic tie-in.
All kinds of stuff happened.
And it was received very, very well.
Its Metacritic score is 92%.
Edge gave it 10 out of 10.
EGM, 9.5 out of 10.
Game Informer, 9 out of 10.
So yeah, it did really, really, really well.
It also, for 2015, it won Best Original Game for Golden Joystick.
It was nominated, though, for a lot of other stuff.
And it did get PlayStation Game of the Year.
It also won the 12th British Academy Games Award for Game Design.
And there you go.
Bloodborne.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
People, when it comes to games, feel completely differently as well.
They like that it is so difficult.
They like the challenge.
They like very little to guide you with the game and the sense of exploration and discovery that that gives.
And it's sometimes funny to see the most extreme way you could die.
Yeah.
But I recognize why this game is as loved as it is.
It's certainly beautiful to look at, especially for its time.
Yeah.
I think you kind of said it all otherwise.
For its time, Rob.
I mean it's not that old I know but just there's still tons of stuff on PS4 that look pretty modern Questmaster in chat says word is that the reason there hasn't been a remake which many fans have been clamoring and modding for years is that Hidetaka is too busy to do it himself and won't let it go to anyone else I believe that
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Bloodborne.
And for those of you that were asking, when?
Bloodborne, when?
Well, there you go.
There's your answer.
Now that it's 10 years old.
All right, let's move on and check out some other headlines from the week rapidly in some rapid-fire news.
Loki.
I don't know what this is at all.
I don't know why you would do this.
I mean, I assume they want to make money off the meme, but Big Rigs Over the Road Racing is now coming to Steam.
And if you don't know what Big Rigs Over the Road Racing is, it is an absolute terrible game about racing big rigs that it was completely unfinished and released retail, has no collision effect, you know, no very minimal physics.
Everything is just broken.
and there's no real word on if any of that stuff's gonna be fixed or if it's just gonna be a port of the game now running on Steam so I guess we'll find out yay um congrats to all the fans that are gonna buy this game they get a lot cited gold star that says your did it
S.J.
and Hunter Mattis probably on the right track.
The rights were probably cheap and might try to cash in on the terribleness.
100%.
100%.
Look, Showgirls gets re-released on Blu-ray every other year for a reason.
Yeah.
Um, and then, uh, this is kind of funny, but it's the times we live in.
You know, everybody remembers those old scholastic book fairs, you know, where you get all the different books and stuff.
They don't, like, cordon off a classroom.
That was, like, the highlight of the year.
Yeah, they always have, like, weird, like, video game things in there.
Usually they used to be, like, cheat guides and stuff like that.
Gotta get those tickets to Great America by selling a million books.
Well, now is the time to capitalize on the popular...
Internet Culture, and put it into a book.
And none other than Scholastic themselves has announced that they plan to print books and graphic novels based on Skibbity Toilet.
That's right.
Your favorite... How the mighty have fallen.
Your favorite Garry's Mod imagery coming to a Scholastic Golden Book soon.
Oh boy.
I'm going to go cry in the corner.
You know, Whitney Houston once said, I believe that children are the future.
And then she passed away.
And now clearly nobody believes that anymore.
and Converse Classic.
We're beyond thrilled to be the publishing partner for one of the most groundbreaking and unique properties of our time.
Okay, it's not groundbreaking.
Come on.
Brain-breaking, but not groundbreaking.
Let's reel it in.
It's not groundbreaking.
It's just weird.
A truly cultural phenomenon that resonates with readers of all ages.
I beg to disagree there, but okay.
Let's just... We'll see.
You don't want to know what my brain heard, by the way.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, well, I mean, definitely has potential to be, wouldn't you think?
But there is a sequel to Super Dodgeball, Double Dragon Dodgeball by Arc Systems.
So it has 56 characters from Double Dragon who will play dodgeball against each other.
And it will be released for PS5, Xbox Series, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC via Steam on October 23rd.
And it looks fun.
You have a story mode, which is like the classic Marion Rescue story.
I think by now she would just start packing heat with her.
Two player versus mode and a survival mode.
There you go.
Sounds fun.
I'd check that out for sure.
Music game fans, I know you're out there and there's a new release for you because guess who's involved with this?
Naoki.
Yes, the one and only Naoki from the early Konami days is involved with this one.
He's alive!
It's called MASH VP Revision.
It is leaving Early Access and officially launching as of yesterday.
So it's actually already out now.
Available in a variety of languages, including English.
This first went into Early Access on October 11th.
and uh this game will have 130 songs that you can mash together through the mashup system so apparently with this game you have two lines of music and you mash them together it's sounding a little dj hero-y but not really i don't really want to go down that road just kind of like oh it just kind of takes me back to those days but uh yeah i'm very curious to check this out sounds like it could be a lot of fun uh guess what there's a lot of uh
Artists you may have heard of in this game Not only Naoki, but also Akira Yamaoka Akira Yamaoka is in this, Paula Terry is on one of the tracks So yeah It can't be Naoki without Paula Terry somewhere That's right, that's right She needs to buy groceries, so we gotta get her a check So this is great I'll check this out, I'm gonna put this on my wishlist and try to grab this soon Cool
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
If this is not of interest to you, perhaps something on the release date calendar will be.
Loki.
Dark Deity 2, Breakout Beyond, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Atari VCS
Grit and Valor 1949 on PC, Mother Machine on PC, AI Limit on PC and PlayStation 5, Atomfall on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
BackyardBaseball97 on iOS and Android Blue Wednesday on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Bubble Ghost Remake on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 Gal Guardian's Servants of the Dark on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
I have no mouth and I must scream on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series This is a remake of an old PC game.
This is a remake of an old PC game.
Which I think in turn was a book, if I remember right.
We have Instruments of Destruction on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Let's see...
Pula, Magi, Madoka, Magica, Magia, Exedra
Those are some words on iOS and Android.
We've got Taiyutama Kiss on My Deity on PC and Nintendo Switch.
The First Berserker Kazan on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
And then finally, Dollhouse Behind the Broken Mirror on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
That's it.
All right, traveling to Japan and checking out the releases there.
Stalker, Legends of the Zone Trilogy is out this week in Japan on the Switch.
Winning post 10 at 2025.
That's a horse racing series.
I think it's winning 11 here from Koei Tecmo.
So what happens when they get to the next game?
It's going to be winning 11-11.
at some point.
Anyway, Winning Post 10 is out on the Switch this week.
Now, this is a U.S.
date, but I just want to call it out because I feel like we see these all the time in Japan, these Kemco RPG collections.
They are releasing one in the U.S.
Volume 1 comes to the U.S.
I swear to God, there's like 13 of these in Japan.
But Volume 1, finally on the Switch in the U.S.
next week.
As Divine Hearts, Revenant Saga, Antiqua Lost...
Sorry, Antiqua Lost and Dragon Sinker.
And I don't think it made our show role, but I think possibly timed for this, some classic Super Nintendo strategy games like Nobunaga's Ambition, which actually was a remake on Super Nintendo in itself because the original original was on Nintendo.
Games in that series are making their way to Switch Online.
So kind of interesting.
Anyway...
Let's see, other releases actually for Japan this week.
Setsuna ni Kakeru ko Hanabi comes out this week as well on the Switch.
And, oh, here we go, Kemco RPG Selection Volume 9.
I thought they were further along than 9, but they have 9.
So, As Divine Saga, Ghost Sinks, Sword of Elphesia...
and Ambition Record.
Oh, so interesting.
There's some crossover there.
I would have thought maybe we got games that kind of matched the first one, but no.
So Volume 9, that's what it looks like in Japan.
Sanrio Characters Miracle Match is out in Japan as well this week.
Why not?
Why not?
We needed another Hello Kitty game.
As long as there's lots of little twin stars, I'm happy.
And a game called Go Hell Go.
Not Oh Hell No, but Go Hell Go.
Suki Oto...
Yoshite Ko comes out as well.
And all I'm going to say, I'm going to, I don't even, can I even show this screenshot on our Twitch show?
I'm going to show it fast.
I'm going to show it fast.
So it's, it's safe for this website and everything's covered, but this screenshot should give you an example of what to expect in this game.
That's all I'm going to say.
Okay.
Okay.
No.
No.
I mean... And the chat goes mild.
There's a lot of silence and what?
Actually, the chat comments can be summed up as what?
How about the PlayStation 5?
Hey, maybe you prefer your exploitation a little more classic and you want Dead or Alive Extreme Venus Vacation Prism.
That is out on the PlayStation 5 this week in Japan.
Venus Vacation Prism.
That is the name of the game.
Did I stutter?
The graphics are really good, and the bra sizes, very big numbers, apparently.
Anyway.
You know what I keep thinking?
What?
You know what I keep thinking?
Ow?
Her poor back.
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Her poor back.
How about the UK?
Take us to the classic kingdom, DarkSakura.
Maybe we have some more refined taste for the queen in the UK.
So starting on the 24th, we have Folklands for PC, Rivertowns for PC.
On the 25th, we have Bundle of Joy for PC, Level Devil.
Also on the 25th, Killing Room 3, PC, PS5, Xbox Series, Breakout Beyond, PC, Switch, PlayStation, Xbox On the 26th, we have JDM, Japanese Driftmaster for PC, Grit and Valor 1949, Mother Machine On the 27th, Bubble Ghost Remake Switch
uh we have Karma, The Dark World, PS5, PC, Which Way Up, Galaxy Games, PC Switch, Sins of a Solar Empire 2, Paths of Power on PC, As We Descend on PC, Sports Renovations for PC, PS5, Xbox, Your House for PC, it's all capital letters so it's Your House!
Blue Wednesday, Switch, PlayStation, Xbox, Hitman World of Assassination, PSVR 2, Instruments of Destruction, PS5, Xbox Series, Gal Guardian, Servants of the Dark, PC, Switch, Xbox, PlayStation Care Bears, Unlock the Magic, Switch, PlayStation, Atomfall for Everything
AI Limit, or is it iLimit?
It's all uppercase.
I don't know.
For PC and PS5.
The First Berserker, Kazan, for PC, PS5, Xboxes.
On the 28th, we have Inzoy, Early Access for PC, Dollhouse Behind the Broken Mirror.
I'll go ahead and do the 31st.
We have Sultan's Game, Wild Keepers Rising, and Post Trauma.
Alright, lots of games around the world.
One more news story here for you before we see what you guys have to say in our listener roundtable.
I also want to urge you all to join our Discord server, vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com.
Where you can chat with us throughout the week and stay up to date on all of the great shows over at the Voice of Geeks Network.
If you haven't checked out lately some of our sister shows, including Anime Jam Session.
I think Ranma's at a con this weekend, actually, because he was texting me pictures of somebody cosplaying Columbia for the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
I'm sure they'll be talking all about that.
British Invaders as well still going strong all these years later they've been on damn near as long as we have they've been going a long time talking about classic and modern British television check out some of our shows there and of course the one and only Bobby Blackwolf but he gets a plug every week at the beginning of the show I just want to mention those shows as well all of us collaborate over at the Voice Geeks Network Discord server vognetwork.com we heart Bobby here slash Discord of course we do we read his comments and chat throughout the night as well
Alright, but let's get to this news story, Loki.
Yeah, so apparently there's some stuff being teased on social media coming from none other than Game Informer.
What?
Apparently it says, you know, they're going to make a, there's a video that they have called Continue, and it basically teases something being announced on the 25th.
and apparently there are staff from the previous Game Informer that have been also sharing this and it sounds like they're going to be involved.
Great.
Maybe it's coming back.
Somebody scooped up the rights at a bargain basement price.
Good for them.
I'm excited to see what happens.
Is ketchup going to be doing it?
Is ketchup going to save everything?
Jesus.
No, it's a new company called Mustard.
Mustard.
Oh, Jesus.
I tried.
Sorry.
I can't.
Sorry, everybody.
I'm going home.
All right.
We're home, Rob.
You can tell me to go home in this next segment, our Lister Roundtable.
If you'd like to give us a call, vognetwork.com slash discord.
If you guys have any random questions for us in chat, we welcome those as well.
You also can send us emails every week.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com.
But when I went in there a couple hours ago, there was nothing I saw.
It's a desert.
Oh, my God.
With space balls combing it.
There was at least 13 space balls.
Tuvok going, we ain't found shit.
There was 13 spam emails in there from one week.
One week.
And clearly the mistake I made was putting this show on YouTube because all of the spam is about increasing your YouTube views.
So that's kind of annoying.
All we need to do is go in and hit the unsubscribe on some of those.
You know why I don't like doing that?
I have an honest reason why I don't like doing that.
Because it tells them that you read it and that the email is valid.
I don't trust that that works.
But they still have to take you off.
They have to.
Consider me skeptic.
Sorry.
I mean, no.
Let me put it this way.
I understand that is the way the law is written.
Yeah.
There are also redirects.
Yeah.
Spam of the week.
Shut up.
I'm not giving that any freaking attention.
No, we are not.
No, we are not.
So... Fuck a bunch of that on a pogo stick.
Dr. T in chat says, I wanted to shout out MulletMadJack on Game Pass.
Game Pass has a lot of neat little indie and titles you might miss if you're not paying attention.
A Doom-style roguelike with a 90s anime aesthetic.
Misha and I are both hooked.
And DarkTest Studio says, I do try to send in Blue Sky stuff, but we've been super busy IRL.
Otherwise, I would have.
No, you don't have to apologize.
And to be fair, I'm very bad at – well, I do – I check Blue Sky throughout the week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Maybe we just need like a dedicated... Because I like the fact that there's a channel for Orange Launch Radio where people can post the news and sometimes discuss the news.
But I wish there was a place that was like just questions and feedback or something.
I don't know.
I don't know how to figure that out.
But I know Discord is a big thing these days now.
I will check that game out, Mish.
If it's on Game Pass, hey, I'm all for checking it out.
I think it's in my library.
I think Jamie got it for me for Christmas.
Oh, I love that.
When did I get you?
Mullet Mad Jack.
Oh, yeah.
When I saw that, I was like, I have to get that for you.
Yeah, so it's on there.
There's a lot of things that are in my library that I need to play.
Oh.
Okay, OrangeRite in chat says, I did tell someone making a podcast starter pack on Blue Sky about Orange Lounge Radio.
Hopefully it wasn't my fault.
No, but I did wonder.
We got like 25 new follows on Blue Sky, which is a lot for us.
And I was like, where did all these people come from?
So I was wondering about that.
Hi all of those people.
No, hi to any new listeners potentially.
No, OrangeRite, you're fine.
It's not your fault.
It's the... I can tell you right now, all the spam email we're getting is, you're not getting enough YouTube viewers.
Here's how to get more YouTube viewers.
Your podcast isn't getting enough viewers.
Let us help inflate your... It's all that shit.
And I know it's because we made the mistake of putting our email address on... Well, which is through the RSS feed.
So it's not really... It's on YouTube.
And people...
people scrape YouTube for all of that stuff for to send those sorts of emails so yeah no but thank you Orange right now that that answers that question I had I wondered why we got like a sudden influx of followers on Blue Sky I was like so somebody put us in a starter pack well that's really nice thank you we're not arguing with any of that
SHO and Hunter Matt says, need more cat photos.
Bobby drops a cat photo and gets hundreds of likes.
No, for real.
For real.
My cat photos get more traction than anything else on Blue Sky, which is fine.
Cheddar's the most adorable kitty.
As Alan puts it, the cat with permanent eyeliner.
Because he has these black lines that go from his eyes that make it look like he has permanent wings.
Makeup.
It's great.
I love Cheddar.
And there is my Midna.
Aww.
All I will say is we're considering that.
Alan is being courted by the adoption agency for a second cat that they think would be good.
So we'll see.
And I'm open to it, of course.
I love kitties.
Are they the kind that let you do the trial?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, they really want you to try to make it work like anybody would.
But yes, if for whatever reason the cats were to hate each other, they would always take them back.
That's good.
All right.
Well, Loki, let me check in with you and see if you have any last minute stories for us tonight.
I do not.
I was going to mention, though, coinciding with the Minecraft movie, they're going to be doing tie-ins with McDonald's.
So they had some really creepy Minecraft... So you know how the Minecraft movie visuals are already kind of like, uh, kind of creepy?
Now you put McDonald's characters in that style?
Ew.
I mean...
Is it the hot Hamburglar?
No.
What?
What?
Is there... Oh, you mean like from the Japanese commercials?
No, in like 2006, so that was like 20 years ago, they tried to reboot the Hamburglar for McDonald's and they made the hot Hamburglar.
I don't remember that.
I might have just forced that out of my memory.
No, let me see.
I'm getting it up right now on the other screen.
That's okay, Rob.
Well, now I want to share with the listeners.
And then Grimace could be a character.
So see, there's the... How do I get this big?
Because Grimace is the face that you make an hour after eating McDonald's.
Aptly named.
Anyway, if that's it for the stories then...
S200 Matt says Ben Star no but he did have that new commercial for Square Enix in the last week that was like I heard you might be looking for some new games to play and of course the answer is always Final Fantasy 8 but bearing that it's very his style is great anyway I picked up Final Fantasy 6 in that I didn't want to pick up all the Final Fantasy games because I was like I probably won't play them but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Because, well, at least for a little while, my work schedule has me needing to get there at 6 in the morning And I have to be in office so I won't have my usual wake up time But I'll see how it goes after I'm back to my hybrid schedule where I can work at home on Monday And we'll see, but for right now I would not be at all able to do the thing
I can't, I can't brain, words are hard Can't even No, words are hard
Before I forget to say it, thank you, of course, for listening to Orange Launch Radio and supporting us.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if you want more voices to put out on air, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, or excuse me, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or I guess YouTube, even if it's going to invite spam, but show those spammers we don't need them.
That goes an awful long way, so thank you very much for all that support.
We appreciate it.
Loki, your final thoughts tonight.
My final thought is I got surprised with the mail that I get jury duty.
Yay!
Yay!
And the crowd hates it.
Alright.
She has to read a book.
Yeah, hopefully it's a short trial.
My final thought is I have a three-day weekend next weekend.
It's a very delightful surprise three-day weekend.
It's a state holiday, not a federal holiday, but I have it off, so I'm like, yay.
Hooray surprise holidays.
We love surprise holidays.
But we'll be back.
in seven days to do it all again on another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you all so much for being here.
And whether you were on the podcast feed or you're here live with us tonight, we appreciate you.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
