This week we bid farewell to the Attack of the Clones as Google and Apple decide that
their stores have too many flapping things. Rumors on the future of gaming are increasing
and we may be hearing much more at GDC next month. Pour another one out for Flappy and
join us for all this and more on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Oh my god, don't pour the liquor out. That's alcohol abuse. Don't do that. Hi everybody.
Out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer
has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live tonight with episode number 541 for
this February the 23rd of 2014. And let me just start off by saying, happy birthday,
mom. Her birthday is February 23rd. I know she's not listening because Rob, your show
is weird, Rob. People on the internet tune in to hear you talk about games, Rob. But
anyway, yes it is my mother's 73rd birthday today. So happy, happy birthday. Anyhow, yes,
my name is Rob Robertson joining me as always in the studio. Happy un-birthday, DarkSakura
or Jamie Summers. Yeah, but I brought you presents. You did. We are having an un-birthday
celebration today. You're worth $7. That's right. Oh no, more like $10. DarkSakura sent
me a text a little bit before the show and she says, do you want anything from the dollar
store? And I was like, what, what does a person need from the dollar store? Well, it wasn't
at the dollar store, it was at the Dollar General, which is a little different. The
Dollar General basically, it sells just stuff cheaper, but it's not like a dollar store.
Oh, I just thought it was the, yeah, they're all the same. They have their own off-brand
stuff, but the Dollar General is special to me because I'm from Alabama and I didn't
see one like at all in this state until like a year ago. And I was like, I'm buying everything
there. Is it like that in the rest of the US? Because it really feels like here in California,
like those dollar stores and those 99 cent stores, like they're a dime a dozen. They're
like every strip mall has one. It seems like there's 99 cent stores, but the Dollar General
has been like, we used to go there when I was a little kid and it was just like the,
the cheap goods, you know, they had their own knockoff brands. They were basically Walmart
before Walmart was big. I remember when those stores, you know, since it is a video gaming
show, I will say, I remember when those stores used to sell like dirt, cheap, crapple of
video games. Like I'm not even talking about like overstock. I'm talking about like, like
real crapple of crappy Blu-rays. Every so often they'll have something good. But I mean,
it's mostly like shit and Bible books. Um, and the, the stuff that made, made on T or
as seen on TV, lifetime movies. No, no, no. I mean the products like the pet, the pet
egg, which I like those things, but, and I almost bought an aluminum wallet except it
was blue and ridged and I need a new wallet, but I don't want another aluminum. I will
say this. So, you know, duct tape to make wallet before I introduce our third host here
on the show. I will say, um, one great thing I do love to get at 99 cent store is candy.
That's, it's a great place to load up on junk food. Decent candy. And they also have a good
selection of ice cream, but I don't really, and they have wine and it's actually where
I buy my Menneshevitz for when they make blackberry sangria. Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show. Uh, going to our chat room, uh, I see Gio Videa is there
saying, I love Dollar General. Their chocolate fudge cookies rock. I would've never thought
to get cookies at the dollar store. It's not a dollar store. It's just a cheapo store.
If they put dollar in the name, it's a dollar store. Well, but keep in mind the Dollar Generals
existed before they were like the big chain of dollar stores. Okay. You remember going
to Daiso with me? It's sort of the, the redneck kick equivalent of Daiso without all the neat
Japanese stuff. Is it like Wise Buys? Isn't that the $5 store? Not really. Wise Buys is
gone anyway, but like, like I bought you candles there and they're, they smell good. Yes. So
thank you for the gift. And I bought makeup there. I bought makeup today. I buy my, my
hair conditioner. That was the one thing I did tell dark soccer. I wanted, I said, you
know, if they have dollar candles, I like things that smell like dessert. And she brought
me a vanilla candle. And I also brought you a tropical something or the other. It just
smelled sort of like, like Hawaiian pizza. So fine, but I love Hawaiian pizza. Why not?
All right, look, uh, let's introducing to the show via the Skype line again tonight
because he is on a, you know, baby leave for a little bit from the show. But say hello
everybody to tech master. Loki. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Loki. I'm doing good now. So
for the people that were concerned about your headset and things like that last week, we're
here in a, you're in the kitchen now. You're in a little bit of a better place, right?
Well, also I was trying to juggle, like getting Josh ready for bed and stuff like that. And
so I kept, I, my headset has a mute on it too. Yeah. And so that's probably the sound
people were hearing is because I, I didn't want to hit mute, walk away from my computer
and then you guys are trying to talk to me and I can't talk back. So I tried muting myself
on my headset, but it makes a lot of noise when you do that. So, well, how dare you have
the priority of being a father first? How, how very dare you? I'm trying to get better
at juggling it. Hopefully I'll be back soon. Cause God, I need to get out of here. Well,
well we miss you buddy. And we know you'll be back soon. And uh, you know, when you come
back, dark Sakura has her Hanukkah winter festival, Jumis gift here waiting for you.
So you have that to look forward to. Awesome. Which might be moving to the new place, which
I'll talk about. And yes, there's going to be a new place. I kind of forgot what I got
you. We're going to have to open it and then repackage it. I think I know what I got. No,
I know. I remember, but I just don't remember what exactly was on it. Hopefully it's not
perishable. No, unless I stab it. I will say this though, Loki, you know, because uh, Jason
was, was kind of taking your seat for a while here on the show over the winter when, uh,
you know, he was here, but he's back in Colorado now. So we don't have anybody in studio tonight.
I do have somebody that's going to be coming in early March. So I'm excited about that.
Um, but until then, my copy of bravely default is sitting in your chair. So bravely default,
do you have any comments on, uh, tonight's topic bravely default? Do you go to the, the
dollar store?
All right. What are you? What was that? I'm sorry, Jamie. I'm afraid I can't answer that.
That's Loki now. All right. Uh, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic, uh, for you
guys. And I don't have a whole whole lot tonight, but I know one thing that's been capturing
America's attention, nay, the world's attention. This has been capturing everybody's attention
throughout the world is not the Olympics, but the phenomenon, no, no, no, no, no, no.
For me, it's totally been that lady that did all of those triple jumps in figure skating.
Um, mal something for me, it's the old lady that was taking the picture of herself and,
and took a picture of her eyeball. It's out there on tumblr somewhere. Anyway, what I
really wanted to talk about was twitch plays Pokemon. Everybody's talking about this. I,
in fact, I know we brought it up a little bit on the show last week. You were talking
about this last week on the show because it was still kind of like a new concept. And
uh, now, you know, twitch plays Pokemon. It's still going. Um, I just checked in before
the show. Now, if you guys don't know what twitch plays, Pokemon is, I mean, I don't
know how you've escaped it this whole time, but let me tell you, uh, the popular game
streaming network twitch.tv has a channel on there that's called twitch plays Pokemon.
And, uh, what's happening is that they're playing through Pokemon red, but nobody's
actually sitting there playing the game on their webcam. Like you usually see on,
on twitch channels. Instead, all the controls are dictated by the input of the chat room,
which is pretty hilarious when you consider the twitch TV has that 42nd buffer. So nobody's
really playing it in life. So in, in a sense, Twitch is playing with this, this giant ball
of nonsense. Now I know they added into it not that long ago, this whole thing where
you can go democracy or anarchy, and if it gets into democracy, then, then the rules
change a little bit. But I, every time I've checked in with it, it's never been in democracy,
although maybe they, maybe they finally got it there and some of the worlds they were
stuck in. But, um, it's so interesting to me how this has become such a phenomenon.
Why I, and I'm going to ask this of our chat room as well over at live.vognetwork.com.
Why are we fascinated with watching Twitch plays Pokemon when it's essentially randomness?
It, I mean, it ends up being randomness in a way, isn't it? Loki, why is America and
the world obsessed with Twitch plays Pokemon?
Um, well, I don't know. People like Pokemon. They think it's kind of funny that, you know,
the hilarity of crowdsourcing actual, um, you know, gameplay is kind of hilarious.
But what's interesting, and I see a lot of folks in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tiger Kala says, did you hear about Twitch plays Pokemon, plays Tetris, and VX Jason
is there saying, where is Twitch plays Super Mario now and so forth. Now there's all these
knockoffs. You know, we have Twitch plays everything else. You know, like the dude that
did Twitch plays Pokemon there, that channel consistently has like 60, 70,000 people watching
that channel. I think everybody wants a little slice of it. If you even look in the chat
room amongst all the up, down, anarchy, you know, chat commands that are going in there,
I do see people that are spamming for their own channels.
Hell, I was doing a Twitch channel, uh, earlier this week of the Final Fantasy 14 beta on
PlayStation 4, cause you know, it's got the built in streaming and somehow I was able
to get into the Final Fantasy 14 beta when a lot of people weren't like, I think I just
got in there so quick that the servers went down after I got in. So I had quite a few
people watching my channel at one point and I guess it was to the level where somebody
came in and spammed my channel, putting a link to their own channel. And I was kind
of like, Oh, I guess I wear that as a badge. Yeah, I'm famous. Somebody found my channel
worthy enough to come spam their own channel. And I guess, you know, as much as I want to
be pissed off about that, I was like, Ooh, that's kind of, kind of neat there. Well,
really, you know, if we want to figure out what Twitch plays, Pokemon's about, we really
should consider, um, asking the helix fossil. What is this? You don't know what the helix
fossil is? Uh, I feel like I should and I don't. Can you explain it? Apparently they
keep bringing up the helix fossil in inventory, uh, during Pokemon. Oh, yeah. I got, I thought
I'd like for some reason my mind was going to like another game. Yes. God, that was even
happening while I was watching the channel just a minute ago. Yes. God, I do feel stupid.
Well, in full disclosure, I never really got into, I didn't get into the Pokemon series
until a little later. I never really played red and blue that much. I did have yellow,
but we still have our red and blue. Do you really? Yeah, we do. Wow. And yellow. So,
uh, uh, hit son. Now is not the time to use that. Yes, exactly. Um, let's see. Raginator
in chat says even Adam Sessler parodied the Twitch Pokemon thing. Well again, it's, you
know, when you've got 60, 70,000 people, everybody wants a little piece of that, right? So I
mean even Adam Sessler ain't above trying to get a little piece of the whole, you know,
Twitch Pokemon thing, which is, you know, it's fine. So, um, but yeah. Do you guys think
that this is a trend that we're going to see continue in gaming, this whole crowdsource
gaming, or has this, is this shit already old? Because for me, like the Twitch plays
Pokemon thing, like, okay, it's funny. It's, it's cute to check in on once in a while.
It's, it's, it's neat to see that they like, that the whole thing just hasn't collapsed
on itself that, you know, the guy hasn't died that, that they have progressed in the game
and they have made progress in the game in spite of, um, you know, all the randomness
or whatever. But like, I don't, I don't want to watch Twitch plays Mario brothers and Twitch
plays Tedros. Like they're trying to do, I think Twitch plays Zelda. I thought I saw
happening and I don't think that's actually going to work out. But, but the joke is getting
old. It's getting really old. Do you know what I mean? Well, I think you'll see more
like, um, you know, more interactive stuff with Twitch, you know, not necessarily Twitch
plays Pokemon, but another good example would be Salty Bet, where it's just a Twitch screen,
Twitch stream, but there's other elements in there. Like you're, you're betting on two
computer players playing, you know, a fighting game. And I think that's kind of cool, that
kind of stuff. Yeah, that's, that's a lot different. And I do think that's pretty neat.
And there is also, was it the other survival horror game that allows, you know, Twitch
integration where like if you type stuff in chat, which I think this is going to be abused
like crazy, but if you type certain things in, you know, to the chat, um, it'll actually
spawn sounds in the game. So like maybe like, you know, Outlast or whatever, you know, creepy
guy jumps from the wall, you know, or something like that and have some sort of interaction
that way. You know, now that you bring it up, um, I'm, I'm glad I thought of this because
I think we are seeing this a little more in the modern consoles because I do recall
while playing Tomb Raider on PlayStation 4, the Tomb Raider Definitive Edition on PlayStation
4, I was doing some live streaming the first day I had that and people were coming into
my Twitch channel and there were all these people saying, revive, revive, and then someone
come in and say, die, die. And I was like, what the shit is this? Why do people keep
coming in? Well, A, it's not nice to tell somebody to die, but B, they're, they're saying
revive, so I couldn't figure out what the hell it was. Well, apparently there's some
type of feature and, and the chat might have to help me out here cause I don't remember
exactly the specifics of what the future was, but there's some type of feature that's either
built into the game or coming to the game where people can like, I think it's more for
the multiplayer modes, but they can like actually help give your character health or hurt you
as you're playing, like cause more monsters to spawn or something like that through your
Twitch stream. And so when you were talking about the survival horror, it almost made
me think of that, like that, that's kind of here in a triple A title already. I'm being
hilarious with like a shmup. Bullet, bullet, bullet, bullet, bullet, bullet, bullet. Yeah,
right. So it's very interesting at kind of what we're getting to now where, uh, you know,
you do have that kind of interaction, but that's, that's a little different to me than
the just total randomness of Twitch plays Pokemon. I mean, it's pretty cool the phenomenon
that they've gotten as far as they have. I didn't, I didn't recognize the area they were
in when I checked in on the feed last, but I know they've got at least like four or five
badges at this point. You know, they're doing pretty well, all things considered. So, um,
but yeah, as far as like Twitch plays Super Mario Brothers and all, somebody in chat was
talking about, uh, Team Meat was talking about Twitch plays Super Meat Boy. No, no, no. Until
they fix the whole latency problem, that's not going to work. Yeah. Right. That's, that's
another issue. Um, Hey, speaking of jokes that are beaten into the ground, I need to
give a plug for this. This is going to be a great transition. Uh, have you guys heard
about Flappy VOG? I sure hope so. Right. It's vognetworks.com. Oh, our own parody,
our own piece of the pie. Hey, we're not, we're not above all that. Just saying. It's
our own, uh, uh, Flappy Bird knockoff game, but you know, what's notable about it is,
and I didn't really realize this until the man said it earlier tonight on his own show,
but it's Bobby Black Wolf's first published game. Apparently I always thought he had done
stuff a while ago when he was making the music for games and all that, but apparently,
apparently not. He would start things, then not finish them. And in his words, anything
about that. Yeah. Right. Loki. Hey, I don't know anything about starting projects and
not finishing them. Hey, I'm just as guilty. Right. But I think, you know what, what Bobby
said about the process of game making is true about a lot of things in life. The first 90%
easy last 10% hard, the hardest part, if you can get through that last 10%, then that's
how you know, you're going to get there. So, um, you know, again, that credit for that,
uh, thought to, um, Bobby Black Wolf and his program, but yes, Bobby Black Wolf has created
flappy vog. And I know we talked about this on the show last week, but it's important
to note that tonight character pack one was unleashed upon the world. So now you've gone
from four playable bouncing heads to 11, 11 there. Uh, and, uh, dark Sakura is now in flappy vog,
right? Yes. And, uh, what, what do you, do you remember some of your catchphrases that are in
flappy vog? How does it feel to suck? Yep. Yes. She says that as one of the death noises. Yarp.
So you'll hear, welcome to the fantasy zone. There you go. Don't give them all away. Give
them a reason to go play. That's the first one. So I said they're trying to do it like the space
Harrier guy. So it's a welcome to the fantasy zone. There you go. Get ready. A little over the
top. Uh, and then, uh, let's see, I know the gals from electric sisterhood are in there and, uh, I
think it was a pandalicious crack me up. Uh, I was playing with her and, and, uh, her character and
I hit a wall and she said something like, and I just died. It was just the delivery of it was
great. And, uh, I know the three folks from anime jam session are over there. Rama, Mika Chan and
Ari Rockefeller. They are all in the game now. And, uh, I feel like I'm leaving somebody out.
I am grandpa. Oh shit. Oh shit. I left out grandpa from courthouse. Oh,
I'm going to get a nasty email on that. I said, fuck. I said, flap yourself.
Well, grandpa straight up got censored in one of his lines. And I'm curious if it was something
grandpa did or if Bobby was like, uh, I had to put the bleep down. I really actually forgot the
rest of the stuff I did. So it's all good. It was great. So, um, anyhow, I know everybody has
been asking, well, when's Loki going to be in the game? When's Loki coming to the game? And all,
all I'm going to say about that is that, um, this is not the last character pack that's going to
happen. And, um, you never know what to expect. That's all I can say. You never know what to
expect. Uh, but I will say that we're not going to drag this joke on forever. Probably the next,
I mean, this is really up to Bobby Black Wolf, but probably character pack two is probably going
to be the last one because Bobby might want to move on to another project there in the future.
So we'll see. All right. Um, Bobby's clarifying with me. He sent it to me bleeped. All right.
Good to know. Good to know. Grandpa was showing such great restraint, even if it sounds like he
taped his lines at 2 AM. I like vodka. You know, grandpa's trademark line, right? I like vodka.
Well, when you're playing a flappy vlog, it's like, I like vodka. Speaking of which Rob,
yes. Did you ever try the vanilla vodka I made? No, I keep forgetting. I have half a shot. I'll
have half a shot because I got to go pick up. I've made a whole bottle worth of it now.
Nice. And I'm making another one that's vanilla bean with, um, uh, vanilla cream and dark
chocolate. You're quite the little distiller now, aren't you? I'm not distilling it. I'm just
infusing it cause, um, cause I keep forgetting that I can't actually eat the sweets. So I just
throw them in vodka now. All right. Vodka. Grandpa has to come have my vodka. Maybe I'll take him
some next time I go visit. Cause I'm going to pay him a visit, I think twice in March. So, uh,
I'll, uh, help him out. All right. Uh, anyhow, so we've talked about a variety of things there
at the top of the show. Let's get into how was your gaming week and the types of video games
that you have been playing this week. Dark soccer. I know you told me before the show,
you didn't get to play a lot this week, but did you get to touch anything at all? I did. I'm
actually trying to play through a bit more in mass effect three now that I've been able to
play with hairs and play dress up with my shepherd because you've never beaten mass
effect three before I'm on my 17th playthrough. Something like that. Um, I also, um, I've been
playing animal crossing, of course. Um, I'm getting back into playing Zelda and I bought
some games, but I haven't played them yet. I bought far cry three since it's on sale.
And, um, I also, uh, downloaded league of legends because there's a couple of guys on my team who
are at, uh, at the land of cubicles and tech who are completely into it, who have, uh, made it
interesting enough for me to give it a try. Also, Brad, I would send you some vodka, but I don't
know how I'll probably have to get a flask to set it to you in. So off to the dollar store,
I go to buy a flask. Um, I, I'm dying to play more league of legends, but I am terrible at it.
So if we can get like a league of sucky people together to play, that would be great. Team suck.
Yes. Team suck it. That's it. By the way, I also downloaded a game that's, it's a visual novel
called go, go, go Nippon, which is basically like you're a tourist in Japan, just looking at
touristy stuff. It was three bucks. I was like, well, why not? You know, so I'm playing, um,
I didn't start it, but I, uh, I have it. And I know you told me, huh? You might probably
about to say, I think so. I did buy Strider. Dan's already been playing it. Um, it, for some reason,
it doesn't run very well on his computer, but he also had it hooked up to the rig and it was in
three screen mode. So, um, I'm going to be hopefully playing that tomorrow night and, uh,
yeah, cause it's fucking Strider and Strider is awesome. And for people, I know I've said it
before, but if anyone remembers back in the day, Neo Strider's Strider zone, that was Dan's website
and he had like one of the only Strider websites on the internet in the mid to late nineties.
Um, so yeah, it was pretty cool. Um, I know I played something else, but for the life of me,
I can't remember what it was. Um, I'm trying to think because I did, um,
I guess I don't remember anymore cause my week has just been sort of,
I think I'm going to play this game. Oh wait, no, I'm not. And I bought some other game too,
and I don't remember what it was, but yeah, I, I buy a lot of games and I forget what they are.
So thank you steam. Thank you for taking $10 of my hard earned cash,
which I can actually say now it's hard earned. Yeah. All right. Oh, Oh, wait. I did. I bought
Gullvilleous on my phone from last week. Yeah. Since I mean, I could just bust out the master
system and play it, but it's kind of cool having it on my phone. So yeah, I bought Gullvilleous
nice. Now I'm done. All right. Let's go over to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, well actually tend to fate still and played, um, some more, well, the last little bit of the
Titan fall, um, beta on my new laptop. And thankfully it, it ran a lot better on my new
laptop and the fact that it didn't melt down. Um, I played, let's see what else was there.
Played some flappy vog. I'm just, I don't know why. Um, and then I played, uh, earth
defense force 2025 because it's awesome. That's why, but yeah, earth defense force 2025. It's
fantastic game. I really wish I had got to play a little bit more of that, but I've been just so
busy with stuff. Um, but it's everything I loved about the, you know, 2017 and better. I don't
know. It's just, it's going to be fun and definitely a big time sink. So, uh, looking
forward to play more of that. And, um, uh, what else this week? Uh, more call duty, um,
call duty four. And I think that was a, I bought games. I bought, I bought the new humble bundle,
even though I have some of the games already. Um, yeah, that's pretty much it.
Well, I kind of have to echo my co-host this week. I know. Um, it's kind of like one of those,
we were well intentioned type of weeks, but, um, yeah, I haven't really been playing a lot
of new stuff myself. It's just been continuing to play the games I talked about last week. Um,
I might've given a negative perception of Diablo three on PlayStation three last week. Cause I know
I was critical about a few things like the controls, but I will say this. I can't seem to
put it down. Like I'm still playing it. I finally got into act two. Yes. It took me that long to
get there, but I only play like a little piece meals at a time. Um, but I'm having a good time
with it. And I actually think I'm going to play it at least, at least the one play through. I
don't think I'm going to do all the repetitive playthroughs, you know, that Diablo set up to do,
but I really want to try multiplayer at some point. That'd be great. So yeah,
Diablo three, even though the controls are weird, like because of the way it's tuned,
like it works and I'm having a good time with it. So yeah, Diablo three, I'm still playing
and, uh, still continuing through final fantasy 14. I play way too much of that
and, um, bravely default. I've been trying and I've been getting asked by a lot of people,
how far are you in it? And the answer is not far enough. Cause I haven't been playing my 3DS enough
hanging my head in shame, getting judged by all my friends, but I'm just, I'm making it a slow
burn. I want to judge you for that. I want it to last a long time. I'm judging you for other
reasons. What, what reasons? Reasons and things. All right. Uh, I will say this one game I did
play, um, that was somewhat new final fantasy 14 is being baited on the PlayStation four right now.
So I did jump into that. I was live streaming for a little bit late, late Saturday night,
like midnight to 3 AM. Yes. I was up until then. Uh, that would actually be early Saturday morning.
Um, but yeah, I was playing the beta game looks gorgeous on PlayStation four. Gorgeous. I, I am
seriously considering, thankfully it supports keyboard and mouse. I'm probably going to switch
from playing on my PC. The only thing I have to figure out is, um, what am I going to use for
rating? Like, cause we use mumble. So I have to figure out if I can get that as an app or something
that I like I'm ready to switch to PlayStation four. It's gorgeous. So, um, yeah. Uh, if you're
a PlayStation four owner, uh, I believe the beta is going on all week. I hear there are some Q issues
and character creation, but you know, it is a beta and it's free, but definitely take the opportunity
to check out the game while you can. So I forgot to mention, I actually got in a beta this week as
well. Um, I haven't gotten a chance to play it yet. Project spark. Oh yeah. You remember that?
I do. That was the Microsoft game they showed. It's kind of like they're answered a little
big planet, but with a different twist. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. That's cool.
Cause now that I have a windows eight one PC, um, so I was like, eh, I might as well download that.
So yeah. Uh, some questions from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com Akuma JP says,
did you try it on the Vita? And the answer is no, I still need to do that. Uh, black Wolf says,
my problem with the PlayStation four version is the text size and the pop-up boxes. Yes. Uh,
that is why the game would be impossible to play on the Vita as it is right now.
I imagine square and the development team there has gotta be fixing those issues. You can,
you can change the font size and your text box. So you can make that a lot easier, but yeah,
they've got to allow you to change those pop-up boxes that yeah, it's, it doesn't look good. It's,
it's really hard to read and there's not enough voice acting to make the game playable. So, uh,
hopefully they're going to be looking into that. Um, but yeah, so that was, uh,
Final Fantasy 14 on PlayStation four. Woo. So that does it for our gaming weeks and, uh, moving into
housekeeping real quick before we get into gaming news tonight. Um, I mentioned this just briefly a
little earlier in the show. Um, we are going to be moving actually, or I should say, I am going to
be moving. Uh, Alan and I, um, are going to be moving in from our little dinky apartment that
we have now into a house. Very excited about that. And the good news for you and Loki is that it's
only like a mile from here. So it's not really going to change the drives of the show. Cause we
were looking at downtown and we did think about like, Oh, our friends are going to hate us. We
do that. But anyway, it's going to be about a mile from here where we're at now. And, uh, yeah,
it'll be a house. And the good news is a much larger dedicated space for the show.
Very excited about that. So who knows what we can do with that space? The only bad news is because
I am going through that move personally, um, there's going to be no show March 16th, which
I know is a very odd period, March 16th. We're still going to try to put something on the podcast
feed for you guys, like a best of, or some type of compilation or who knows what I have. I'm
kicking around some ideas, something we can do quick. Uh, but yeah, no live show on March 16th
due to the move into what studio number would this be? Let's see if we think way back to when
the show first started, I was living with my friend from high school in the one house,
right? That was the first studio. Then I lived with Loki. I was the second studio. That was a
fun time when Loki and I lived together and have that space. Um, then I lived with Exeter, right?
That was the third studio. Then I lived in the house with my friend, John, where we had the
garage. That was the fourth studio. Then there was Jamie's house. That was the fifth studio.
Then there's this when Shermie was there. That's right. That's right. And then there's this,
which is the sixth studio. So next studio is going to be lucky number seven, seven studios
we've done this show from twelve years, seven studios. That's pretty good. That's pretty good.
All right. Awesome. Awesome. Um, so yeah, March 16th will be the big day there that, um, we are
moving. So there'll be no show. Um, and we're actually hoping that's around the time that
Loki will be coming back too. So keeping our fingers and toes crossed and all that, uh,
also as usual for housekeeping, you can find us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. You can also
find us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio. And we're also on Google plus with
google.com slash plus orange lounge radio. Um, one more bit of housekeeping and dark soccer.
You're going to get a kick out of this. So I went to go get my half shot of vodka flask is empty.
So I just, I just messaged Alan in all caps. You drank all the vodka, didn't you? And he said,
Oh, sorry. I didn't think there was much left.
See, I was expecting responsive bitch. I might've. So I can take my flask home. Don't worry. I have
a whole big bottle of it now. And I am making that special batch just for you and Alan to share.
Amazing. I love it. And let's see, dungeon buster in chat. I love this says studio N seven. Yes.
Yes, sir. As the official name studio N seven. And I'm not commander shepherd. This is my favorite
studio in the show. Uh, sag is in our chat room saying, don't worry with GDC that following week.
You'll have a lot to talk about. Yes, indeed. Yes, indeed. Uh, Rama says live from studio city,
California, it's orange lounge radio. It was almost live three blocks from the Capitol,
but decided not to do that. So there you go. To register participation for this week's episode
of orange launch radio at vog network.com. Use the passphrase yard. Uh, all right,
let's get into video game news. That's what you guys are here for to hear us
and our commentary on the week's news. And we're here to hear your guys's commentary on the news,
um, via our chat room at live.vognetwork.com and our email bag, which we have a brand new email
address. That's also something I should bring up during housekeeping. We have a brand new email
address. We're going to be unveiling later in the show. So, all right, let's, uh, go to Loki
and the news. All right. So unfortunately I got a little bit of bad news with, uh, rational games
shutting down. Um, Ken Levine basically moving on to other things and, um, with a taking only
15 people, the rest have been laid off. Um, of course, you know, kind of a shock to everybody
considering that, you know, bio shock infinite and the whole series has done really well.
I don't think it's necessarily that anything did poorly. It's just that he wants to move on
to his own projects, I guess, instead of stuff for, you know, two K or whatever. Um,
so no idea really what his new projects are going to be, but you know, everybody's,
you know, the community has been kind of helping out with, you know, trying to direct these,
you know, now orphaned employees to other jobs. And, um, I think they will have no trouble finding
work considering how talented of a bunch of those guys are. I do want to jump in real quick with a
small correction of what you're saying before our chatters kind of light up here. And before, uh,
we, we hear about an emails, irrational games, didn't shut down. They downsize significantly.
Okay. So just say, cause, uh, in Ken Levine's letter, he talks about that, you know,
basically it's going from hundreds of employees to he's going to have 15. So irrational guys will
still be around, but it's, it's not what it was. My mistake. I was assuming, you know,
the majority of the staff leaves that they're shutting down. So, well, it is a significant
change. Let's put it that way. Yeah. Um, surprising to hear, right? Because Bioshock, I mean,
I think a lot of us sit here and go, wait a minute. Bioshock was like, great. People loved
it. They won awards. What the heck? This is the thanks that that team gets. Well, they made money
off of it. I mean, I just don't know. I, I don't know what his intentions are, but I guess it's
sort of like cliffy, leaving Epic and stuff. Um, I don't know if it's necessarily a, a big deal.
Well, I mean, anytime you lose employees, it's kind of, you know, it's, it's sad, but you know,
I don't know what's going to change. I have been thinking about it a little bit and here's,
here's some of the things I want to say on this is that, you know, I, on one hand, I understand
that, you know, making a video game takes years and years and years, and we have a tendency in
this industry to really cram video game franchises into the ground, right? Um, we, we do this a lot
and, um, you know, I, I can understand where maybe Ken Levine's like, you know what? I don't want to
do another Bioshock game. I'm, I'm, uh, creatively, I did what I wanted to do a Bioshock. I don't want
that to be my entire life. I want to move on to something else. So I, I can actually kind of
respect that. The part that gets me is, okay, well, wait a minute, 2K is going to be taking on Bioshock.
They pretty much already announced that. 2, it's not like, you know, Bioshock 2 was done without
Ken Levine. Am I correct in saying that? He was, he might, he might've been like, and the same company
is supposed to be taking it over. Right. Right. So, you know, there's that. So, so part of me goes,
okay, well then why didn't, why wasn't there like a resource shift? And I suppose, you know, to,
to their credit, they are doing this internal job fair where they're recruiting for positions within
the company. And maybe some of them will be with this new Bioshock team. That's, that's, you know,
it's going to be created for the people that will continue to create Bioshock games because
the internet demands it. So I think in that regard, you're seeing a shift or whatever,
but it's just, it's kind of weird to me that, you know, okay, well, couldn't Ken Levine
have brought on somebody else into Irrational Games to just oversee it? Or couldn't he have
shifted his role or whatever, but maybe, maybe I don't understand how that all really works.
And I know that there's been some interesting press that has been run about that things may
have been very, um, difficult on the inside that, uh, Ken Levine possibly is not the easiest person
in the world to work with. I don't know how much credit I want to give to those types of things
that starts to get into the tabloid journalism, which I'm not like a huge, huge fan of, but okay,
I'm just going to acknowledge it. Sure that exists. And maybe, you know, if you have somebody
who is an ineffective manager of a project, maybe Bioshock Infinite was done and it was great,
but maybe for some people it wasn't done fast enough. I don't know. Um, so sometimes when
you're unhappy with an executive, you kind of shift them over here and have a lot less people
under them. And in a way that's kind of sounds like what's going on is that Ken Levine didn't
exactly make it sound like in his letter, again, assumption going off of what I'm reading in the
letter. I didn't exactly get the sense it was all his idea. I think this is one of those,
this is what I'm doing to save face. That's my honest impression I got from it. So part of me
is wondering maybe Ken Levine was strongly urged to do this and have a smaller team of people
because maybe he's not the best at managing a large, large team. I don't know, tinfoil hat time,
not making accusations. I'm just saying these are the types, this is what we're all wondering.
We're all kicking around these weird theories because how could a studio that made such a great
game suddenly go like this? It's very hard for us to explain.
Any other thoughts with this? I also go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
BobbyBlackWolf says, taking a game makes many, many years unless it's a flappy bird
clone, then it takes four hours. Yes, correct. Correct. Rama says, well, Irrational Games isn't
working on anything big, so why would they need such a big staff? Well, maybe Ken Levine wanted
to do a big project or maybe he didn't. I don't know, but I would be hard pressed to believe that
there's not going to be another Bioshock game. Bioshock 2 didn't flop and Ken Levine was not
as heavily involved with that one. Like Loki said, it was a different branch of 2K. Which
part of 2K did? I think it was Marin. Marin did it? Yeah. So, that's probably the team that's
going to end up taking on Bioshock 3 or Bioshock Infinite 2 or, you know, whatever they end up
doing with that. Infinite plus one. It was 2K Marin Australia, 2K China, Digital Extremes,
Arcane Studios, Dark Side Game Studios, and Feral Interactive. Holy cow, the wonder that
didn't do as well. Way too many people working on that. To be fair, Digital Extremes did Steam
with multiplayer, Arcane Studios did level design, Feral Interactive did work with some of the Mac
versions of the game, so it's not like they were, you know, they all had their very specific roles.
It looks like it was mostly 2K Marin in Australia. So, there you go.
Reporting on layoffs is never fun. Our thoughts go to those affected employees, but it sounds
like you guys are in demand. Everybody wants you on their teams, so, you know, best of luck to
finding a job that's going to be a good fit for those people. I'm really glad that everybody
wants you guys. It's a good place to be in. Alright, let's move on to some more news,
and somewhat happier news, because we've been getting some odd news out of this company lately,
too, that there might be some shifts going on there, and nobody seems to have an idea what
this developer is doing, so they decided to come out this week and say, hey, we usually don't
announce things this early, but this is what's going on, and the developer is Harmonix. Harmonix,
of course, probably most famous for Rock Band and Dance Central. Both those franchises have kind of
lost a lot of their steam. Harmonix near and dear to my heart for frequency and amplitude, and,
you know, any music game fans really loves Harmonix. So, what the heck is Harmonix doing
now? Well, Harmonix unveiled a free-to-play first-person shooter called Chroma. Chroma is
going to be a music-based first-person shooter, and if you actually watch the little announcement
trailer for it, sounds like it's going to be some dubstep, wub wub wub wub, at least that's what was
in the trailer. It wasn't, here's the thing. I think it's everything that's going to be in there.
Yeah, some dubstep is offensive, and I wasn't offended by the dubstep I heard in the trailer.
Right, Jamie? Some dubstep is offensive, but some is acceptable. Plenty of it is offensive.
Some is acceptable. Well, anyhow, if you want to check out Chroma in advance, the alpha is going
to be beginning this month, apparently. You can sign up at PlayChroma.com. That's C-H-R-O-M-A
dot com. Development will be through Valve's Steam Early Access, and it's supposed to be publicly
playable in the fall. Again, it's supposed to be free-to-play, so I don't exactly know, you know,
I'm assuming the songs will cost money or, you know, who knows what they'll do with that. They
said it was all going to be, um, the customization is going to cost money. Really? They're not going
to put licensed songs in it? I don't know. I would think they would, but we'll see. So, yeah,
bullets will be on a beat, and you find the flow in the music to activate jump pads to get around
the arena. Some folks out there, some of the big game blogs did get a chance to try an alpha,
but most people are saying, you know, it's early. It's an alpha. But, yeah, a lot of folks seem
intrigued, and I know I am by Chroma. Just as a fan of music games. I'm not always a fan of
first-person shooters, but I don't dislike them. There have been some I've really enjoyed, like
Halo 2, you know, I really enjoyed, and there's other first-person. Titanfall was fun for the
little bit I played that, so I'm curious about Chroma. Or Minecraft. Huh? Or Minecraft.
Minecraft's not a first-person shooter. It's first-person, and you can shoot arrows
in a first-person shooter. Fine, fine. Are you excited about Chroma, Loki? Surely you are.
Yeah, it looks fantastic. I signed up immediately, so, yeah, and I want to know why the next Tron
movie can't look like that, because, you know, the trailer is awesome. I just like the design
there. Too bad, though, that from what I hear is the game doesn't look like the trailer, so,
a little disappointing. Well, it isn't an alpha, though. I mean, what games do look like their
trailers? A lot of them don't. True. So, sg100matt in chat says, I was really, really expecting that
Harmonix was going to announce this at PAX East. PAX East is in their backyard, and their CEO is
going to be the keynote speaker. sg100matt, I would think that a lot of this could be, like,
pressure from a financial perspective, because a lot of us are kind of going,
what is Harmonix doing right now? Like, we really just don't even know, and, you know.
Where's Fantasia? Yeah, where is Fantasia? And we're hearing troubling things out of the company,
but I think on the on the bright side, sg100matt, I would expect that Harmonix will be there at
PAX East with Fantasia and Chroma on full display. So, you'll get that, at least. I don't see why
that would not be something that happens at PAX East. So, there you go. I'm excited about Chroma.
I want to check it out, and I'll just hope there's not as much dubstep in the game, but
I'll deal. DarkSakura, what do you have for us? I have something that's very old school and new
at the same time. So, it's, one of the greatest games ever is The Legend of Zelda, of course.
And there is something now called The Legend of Zelda VR that's in beta right now, and it's
basically a first person Legend of Zelda with sort of sprighty weird textures over very rudimentary
polygons, and it's to be played on the Oculus Rift. And it made me very motion sick just watching it.
It is pretty, it looks pretty fun. I mean, and my whole thing is that my brain was just sort of,
excuse me, trying to reorient where on the map the people were. And so, I started
actually figuring out certain landscapes and realizing where on the map this person was,
but it's weird seeing it approached. And on top of that, it's not even, you know,
screen where you have enemies, you know, how the way each of the screens work, you scroll to the
next screen and you have enemies. And here, it's just a continuous stream of enemies, but it would
be the ones that would have been on their respective screens. So, it was very weird. It was
interesting, but just odd, and I felt kind of vomitous afterwards. Well, you know, the resident
Oculus expert over at vognetwork.com, Bobby Blackwolf, he had a few words to say about this.
He actually just posted an article earlier today that's a great read because he talks about,
I must be a VR hipster because I kind of think this Zelda thing, people are talking about it
way too much. And we ought to be talking about the VR demos that are actually made for VR. You know,
Zelda was not designed to be a Rift game. But we have this tendency in the industry to get our
nostalgia. Funny bones tickled, hee hee, nostalgia, hee hee. And print it, run with it. Kotaku headline.
Well, see what I want to see done with something like that is I actually more want to see,
I don't want to play it with the Rift. I just want to play it, you know, as an actual game in front
of me with my keyboard and mouse. So, so you actually want the 2D experience a little more
like it was designed. No, no, no. I want, I want the VR version. I just want it as a first person
game that I can play with my keyboard and mouse. I have to admit, just in watching it, I was like,
you know, I don't want to, obviously this is some guy's hard work. It's done out of fandom.
It's indie. I don't want to dog on it too much. But I was kind of watching it going, this looks
kind of like not really a lot of fun because it's just like, I don't know, maybe having played the
Rift before, I just kind of, some of these 2D experiences that are crammed into 3D aren't so
awesome. Like I think a game like, I don't know, Twilight Princess or even Ocarina of Time,
something that at least was a little more 3D designed might be a little better on the Rift.
But again, you know, these games weren't really designed with VR in mind, but at least it's a 3D
environment. I like anything that takes a classic and sort of gives you a new way to play it.
It, it revives the game almost. But I mean, more what I would like to see is actually,
I would like to literally see the first game redone in the style of the later games.
Well, I, and I'm with you to that extent, our Sakura. And I think a great example of what you
just said, this game and kind of the new thing would be, uh, the Legend of Zelda,
a link between two worlds on 3DS does this marvelously. It's an old school Zelda game,
but new school paint because you know, the 3DS that's a much closer environment, but VR whole
different type of world. You know what I mean? I don't know. It just, and Bobby's in our chat room
saying it's not fun. It's frustrating. But he does say someone else made an Ocarina of Time
demo where you walk around the first village. So I'm not incredibly surprised to hear that.
I, I just would like to, you know, I like to reserve judgment on a lot of things until I
get a chance to do it for myself. And I mean, which is why I'm completely reserving judgment
on the Rift thing in particular, even though I'm pretty sure it's going to make me, you know,
make my stomach into a nightmare of nausea and my brain into a, uh, apocalypse of pain.
But, um, I like to, I like things like that. I like giving him a try. I like doing something
different. Well, and at the end of the day, you know, and to be fair again, we love getting our
nostalgia funny bones tickled. Nostalgia. I love Zelda. You know? Well, it's not even just that
the impression that I got of watching it was like, this could be done in Minecraft.
Was the impression I got. Interesting. Which technically I bet you could go into
Minecraft and make all the dungeons. Somebody had to have, somebody's had to have done that,
right? Somebody put the Legend of Zelda in Minecraft, right? Cause actually that,
that would really work. What you're saying, like putting the dungeons underground and everything
that would actually like really re I don't know if you'd be able to have the monsters,
but you could definitely create the world. You could do the monsters. Okay. You do the
mom. Loki, you're the Minecraft expert. Has somebody done this? Not that I'm aware of,
but they have recreated the entire layout of, um, uh, Ocarina,
which I still would like to see somewhere installed, maybe next door to my house.
I would love to see that installed in our little universe.
Hit stun in our chat room says all of link to the past has been done in Minecraft. That's cool.
I want to check that out. I got to find that world. I want that installed next door to my
house and I'll move into Link's house. But here's, here's something very important to
keep in mind when I say I want to check that out. I want to spend 30 minutes in there going,
Ooh, this is neat. And then I never want to play it again because that's the way some of
these nostalgia things go. If you asked me to pay 60 bucks for that, no, no, no. It's like my shirt.
Yeah. No period. I'm wearing a black shirt. This is no period. And I like how the no is positioned
right on the boobies. It's my lack of consent shirt. The answer is no all the time. No.
Nice. So, um, Robert M and our chat says also, as I mentioned, a hit stun in Minecraft,
how long before someone makes a flappy bird clone in Minecraft? I assume someone, someone like Seth
bling or something would have it within a month. Um, I already saw it on a blog somewhere. It's
already been done. Um, I think it was on joystick that had an article on it. It's already, uh, been
done. So it's hard to take a picture of myself without my boobs. Scrunching up rule of the
internet rule of the internet. It's probably been done. All right. Uh, let's move on Loki.
All right. So, um, this is kind of cool. Sony it's rumored to be unveiling their own VR
technology at a gaming developers conference, which is only a few weeks away on the March 17th
in San Francisco. And, uh, this is coming from, uh, tech radar. They say they have a,
their confidential tipster said that they were impressed with the quality of Sony's Oculus Rift
competitor. The quality and resolution are great. Really good. They said, um, people will
definitely be impressed with Sony's build. Uh, it says also that Sony has deliberately taken
this time to tweak and polish the headset before revealing it. Um, so I don't know. I, I, I'm
assuming that they're going to have something like this just because they've already kind of
done other things with, you know, VR, you know, they've experimented with VR stuff before for
not necessarily gaming, but for just like video. So it makes sense, I guess, that they would
come out with something like this and it would be good to differentiate themselves.
Well, here's what I worry about though is, is fragmentation is that, you know,
if you're going to have Sony's got their VR headset and their big dollars and all that,
you know, it's going to cause a little fragmentation because Oculus has more
of the indie community route, um, you know, around it. And we're going to have this whole split.
No, I don't think so at all. I mean, it's just like, you know, you're having
the Sony VR would be for Sony consoles and Oculus is for PC and whoever else wants to use it.
Yeah, but it's just like, I don't know, but as a gamer who wants to play all the cool stuff,
I'll end up having to own both and that'll kind of suck, you know,
can't they work together? I suppose that's not how capitalism works though.
But then, then Microsoft will have their thing as well.
So, I mean, that's just like saying, you know, can't, can't the console manufacturers work
together and just make one console that all the games can be on.
Can't they put Mario on the Xbox? Yeah, I know.
Hey, I listened to a podcast today about that very thing. Um, it was, it was a hip hop gamer
and Michael Patrick, which I should have just turned it off right there because I mean,
why am I listening to a podcast with Michael Patrick and hip hop gamer at the same time?
And they were posing the idea of, uh, what if, you know,
Nintendo went third party just temporarily, like, you know, putting their games on, you know,
the PlayStation four, Xbox one, that kind of stuff for a couple of years.
And it's kind of a good idea if you think about it because,
um, that way they're hitting that audience that they can't hit right now with the Wii U,
you get people hooked on the great games and then you go exclusive and then people
have to buy your system to play those wonderful games.
Oh God, you drank the juice. You drank the juice.
Hey, I already, hey, I already said a few weeks ago about the whole, you know, third party thing.
I can't help it if Michael Patrick gets great ideas from me. Okay.
No, it's, well, the, the, the reality is it's not going to happen. Like you all,
all of you need to get it. I mean, and I mean, no disrespect to other fine indie shows,
but all of you need to understand it's not going to happen.
You all can wishlist wank all you want. It's not going to make it a reality.
A very stubborn Japanese company is not going to just suddenly do that because
y'all think it's a good idea. That's the reality.
If they change who's in charge, they may come up with some other ideas because right now,
Wanda is not doing very much.
Well, and he's also said, I'm not leaving and no one's exactly forcing him out.
It's a, well, eventually they're going to run out of their money.
It's a traded company in Japan, not in the U S it's very different.
So you guys are all applying us logic to a Japanese company. I'm just saying,
I'm not, I'm like, I'm going to get painted. Here comes the email. Rob's the fan boy and
I'm just the realist y'all. So anyway, uh, let's see. Where were we? Oh yes. So we're moving on to
talking about Sony making their own VR headset and, uh, they're special. Yeah.
The way Loki phrases it, where you have one for your console and one for your PC,
makes it sound less offensive. Um, so I kind of hope that's the direction they're going with it,
but you know, um, I just, who's to say you couldn't support both. I mean, cause
you know, look at like, uh, 3d technology that's out there, you know, they have, you know,
the Nvidia stuff, they have, you know, other monitors that are non that have like, you know,
3d without glasses or all the different 3d technologies across, you know,
like Blu-ray and stuff with the, with that. And they all kind of work together. So if they come
up with a, you know, a way to, you know, if they come out with the API's for it and stuff,
then people can put that into their game and support both. Well, we'll see,
just like you can do a game for the 360 and the PlayStation three or the one in the PlayStation
four. Who knows? Yeah, exactly. All right. Uh, moving on, uh, talking about Sega and, uh, some,
some business moves with Sega. Um, Sega is going to be splitting a subsidiary of Sega. That is
index corporation index corporation will be split into two companies. That's Atlas and index, uh,
Sega Sammy, as they are, you know, it's technically the company name. They actually
acquired index corporation, which is the parent of Atlas. Are you still with me? Y'all? Uh,
that happened last year. I think you all saw the story. Sega bought Atlas, right? Y'all saw that.
And now the little K they're splitting the Atlas and the parent corporation. So that's,
what's happening there. And that is a business move to strengthen division and developments and
so forth. Atlas will have 121 employees. That's their game development office. They're going to
be keeping that index is going to focus solely on advertisement, advertisement, marketing,
content distribution and so forth. And they have 166 people working for them.
I guess it takes more to market the game than it does to make the game. That's very interesting.
So, uh, yeah. Also, uh, Yukio Sugino, who is the, um, current Sega managing director,
he's going to be the acting head for Atlas. All this is expected to take effect by April 1st.
So there you go. All your business happenings with Sega, but there's something else to note
here that has a lot of people going, what? And this is, this is weird. I don't, I don't know,
but anyway, apparently some blogs are running that Sega has lost the Shenmue trademark because of
years of inactivity. And, uh, apparently you can actually go to the site, the USPTO.gov. And it
actually talks about that registration was canceled because registrant did not file an
acceptable declaration under section eight to view all documents on file, dah, dah, dah, dah,
look at all the, uh, extended stuff. So apparently because there hasn't been any followup
Sega lost the trademark to Shenmue in the U S yes. In the U S that doesn't mean they can't get
it back, but, uh, I think we should change the name of the show to Shenmue. What do you guys
think? We should, we should drive a forklift. Can we invite our listeners to play the lucky hit
and spend the rest of the time playing our new theme song will be space Harrier music
orange Shenmue radio debuting next week.
Uh, that's, that's unfortunate about, um, the, uh, loss of the trademark. I hope that doesn't
mean they're just leaving this whole franchise aside, but I seem to recall, didn't they actually
put a Shenmue reference in, uh, the Sega all stars racing game just recently. So maybe,
yeah, maybe, uh, dungeon buster makes it very clear in our chat loss of trademark does not mean
loss of IP does not equal this. So for the record, it's funny that you mentioned the
Sega racing thing. Dan was watching the Daytona 500 today. And I saw just how short Danica
Patrick really is. She's actually kind of adorable. All right. Uh, yeah, actually I
love playing as Danica Patrick in the Sega game. It's so random. It's great. Anyhow. All right.
Uh, moving on with more news, dark soccer. Well, there is a, um, college, uh, it's called
Abertay university in Dundee that's in Scotland. Um, that has a lab that is the largest in Europe
and has, uh, 30 new PlayStation Vita development kits and PS3 and PS4 dev kits so that students
who go to the lab will be able to use the hardware for different parts of, uh, developmental learning
as far as like actual, uh, game and application development. Um, they're basically saying that
they're trying to do their best to bring young and talented new developers onto, uh, Sony's
various platforms. And there's a quote here from professor Lewis Natanson, um, who is the head of
the arts, media and computer games at Abertay university saying that having access to professional
Sony development kits is increase, is incredibly exciting for students learning how to design and
build games. And we've seen a real jump in the enthusiasm of our students since we created this
lab. So, I mean, basically saying it's encouraging the students to learn on their own. And he even
goes on to say that there are, um, students who are just spending their free time in the lab
working on their own projects. So I think it's pretty neat. We're probably going to see a lot more,
um, unique content coming out for the Sega platforms. This kind of reminds me in a way of when
I was in junior high and high school and we used to go to the science room that had the computers
on lunch and we would play tank wars. And, um, what was the other, we always talk about this
game. I can't remember the name of it anymore. No, not that the other kicks. It was another tank
shooting game that has like scorched earth, scorched earth. Thank you. We used to play the
shit out of that game on, on breaks and so forth. And I think we tried to install doom, but it
didn't work and so forth. But like, I always just chalk that up to the fact that we were hardcore
nerds, which is fine. I'll own that we were hardcore nerds, but, um, this kind of sounds
like that to me is that like, Hey, if we have this open room with these development kits and,
and let people kind of play, then people are going to play and create and share. And I just
became a PlayStation tagline, but that's what they're going to do. Right? Well, yeah, pretty
much. I think it's cool. Um, let's see more of this happen in other countries, namely America,
but no, we suck. You never know. You never know. All right. Let's travel around the world and check
out some release dates of what the PlayStation labs around the world and that Microsoft labs
are bringing to you very soon. Okay. Um, so in, uh, North America, we've got a few things come
out of this week, plants versus zombies, garden warfare on Xbox one and Xbox three 60, uh, tales
of symphonia Chronicles on PlayStation three, uh, Castlevania Lords of shadows two on PlayStation
three and Xbox three 60, uh, Magus on PlayStation three thief on a PlayStation three PlayStation
four, Xbox one, Xbox three 60. And I believe PC, uh, professor Leighton, uh, finally on Friday,
uh, professor Leighton and the Azran legacy would be the last game coming up that week.
All right. That's it. I, I, um, I, there's actually quite a few titles in there,
like a thief and so forth that are like, Oh, Hey, that's finally coming.
Well, that's the thing too about thief is like, it looks like a good game,
but they're doing zero advertising on it. Yeah. Well, I saw some people live streaming
it on a PlayStation four the other night. So some copies are already out there. So,
yeah. All right. Uh, moving on to, uh, Japanese release dates. Hey, uh, just in case you missed
it, Japan got their PlayStation four. It was released over the weekend. Um, I, I haven't
seen a lot of reports on how it did. I'm hearing that there weren't really the people lining up
and all that stuff. So I don't know. Like it's, I don't know. Again, this is just from one news
source, so I'm not trying to say like, Oh, it flopped. I don't know, but I'm be curious to see
what the numbers are going to look like. Um, for PlayStation four out of Japan, there's really no
competition cause you know, Xbox one still not even dated for Japan. So, uh, it'll be, I'd be
curious to see how it sells over there. So, uh, we will start talking about PlayStation four releases,
except because the system just launched there, pretty much everything came out. We're not going
to really see any more releases on PlayStation four in Japan until mid March, March 19th is the
next game called natural doctrine is the next game that they're going to be getting in Japan outside
of the released games they already got. However, on the PlayStation three, things are a little
different. You have infinite Stratos to ignition hearts in regular limited and Famitsu packs all
coming out this February 27th as well as Kagero dark side princess in a regular and premium
edition. I'm also coming out on PlayStation three this week. Sengoku Hime for Soya. Hi,
Kay. Uh, Hana, Mamoru, Chi Chi comes out this week and I want to say what is Sengoku Hime? I've
heard of this series before. I was trying to see if I could read it actually. Well, sorry. Cause
I'm trying to see if, uh, there's a screenshot cause I want to know what game this is. Earth.
I feel like this is something we have here and I don't know what the translation,
somebody in shadow will get me. Um, something protect earth.
I think, I don't know. I can read a little bit of it.
All right. Protecting the flowers of the earth. There we go.
Uh, is it based? It's based on like an anime or something, right?
I think so. I don't know. Ikuma JP tell us what it is. It's it's a, it's a strategy game
series featuring historical Japanese warriors re-imagined as cute anime girls.
That's what it says. I Googled it. I'm sure none of you can hear me blink.
Akuma is that like a real popular game over there? I've got to know. That's actually kind
of awesome. Oh my God. Can you imagine if they made a game like with Abraham Lincoln
and like George Washington as Muppets?
That would actually be kind of awesome. Technically we have that at Disneyland,
except he's an animatronic. I guess that's true, huh? Which actually going in and watching that
was pretty cool. Well, they have, it's not Muppets, but they have the Lego movie game
has Abraham Lincoln in it. Oh, does it? Yeah. Oh, I got to, I got to check out the Lego movie
at some point. I still haven't seen it. Uh, Xbox 360 has a game out this week called she,
she, hey, no, so not Neil refrain. What a beautiful memories. That is the name of the game
from lyre soft. What a beautiful memories. And on the PlayStation Vita, infinite Stratos too,
and Kagero dark side princess are both on their way to the Vita as well. And Phantom
breaker battlegrounds gets a limited edition on the Vita this week and checking out the Wii U.
Unfortunately it doesn't look like anything's going on in the Wii U. They already got Donkey
Kong over there, which was our big news. We knew, uh, over on the Nintendo 3DS, uh,
Bokuju Monogatari Sunaguru Shintenshi comes out this week as well as Kasuke.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Tenchi? Yeah. Oh, nevermind. That's not what I think it is.
Kasuke Houder Mugen Gear comes out, uh, from Nintendo. So I'm trying to figure out what game
this is. Cause this is a first party game. That's coming out over there. Um, it looks like dinosaurs
that are fighting each other. That's kind of cool. And then you get in a Jeep and you hunt dinosaurs
Dinosaur Hunter, I guess is what that game is. That's kind of interesting. There you go. Japanese
releases. How about the UK Dark Sakura? Um, a few things we have as soon as it decides to load back
up for me. Um, let me just jump in here. Akuma JP in response to, uh, the, uh, game we were talking
about earlier saying never heard of it. Looks like it plays like Nobunaga. Okay. Well, we have,
let's see, starting on the 26th, we have Pac-Man Museum, uh, for, uh, PS3, PC, and Xbox 360.
On the 27th, we have Plants vs Zombies, uh, Garden Warfare, Shadowrun Dragonfall,
on various variouses. And there is a Mac release, which is good. On the 28th,
Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2, um, for PC, Xbox 360, PS3. There's also Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD,
Thief 4, um, and then just, yeah, it looks like also there's going to be all of the Thief 4
releases on that date. And that's all that's listed.
All right. Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
Sorry about that. Um, I heard, I heard the kids in the background, so I figured there must be some
activity going on there. So, yeah, good stuff. Anyways, um, so Microsoft, they're testing the
lower pricing for some of the digital games on Xbox One. They've been doing this, like,
kind of sale, if you will, I guess, the last few days. And one of those is going to be for, uh,
Rise Son of Rome. They're actually marking it down to $39.99. And, um, I guess that's running
through February 24th. So, um, it's kind of interesting to see them mark their titles down
that much. Um, but, you know, basically they're saying, you know, a lot of people are asking for
better deals on our digital marketplace, so we're testing some. Um, noting, I guess, that the
$39.99 is lower than the used price that you can find at retail right now.
So it'd be interesting to see them do that. Right now I know a lot of new releases,
they just come out about $5 cheaper. So this is a very interesting move,
uh, by Microsoft, in my opinion, because, you know, back when we were first talking about all
this digital rights and what's the advantage of buying digitally and all this. And I said,
you know, you can't turn around and sell these games. So these games don't have as much equity.
So you would really be able to make it worth my while if you would charge 20 bucks for these
games. Now, all right, so maybe they didn't drop all the way down to $20, but they cut $20 off the
price with this. So now they've sweetened the pot a little bit because as far as I know, the physical
copy of Rise, they're still selling those for $59.99, right? That hasn't changed.
I believe so. Yeah. And the price of a used copy is still way up there,
right? Like only $5 less, right? Probably depends on how many they have.
So Microsoft is giving a lot of incentive to go digital, but with the cheaper price.
But the question is, you know, is it going to work? And is, is a game like Rise
the best game to demonstrate that with? I don't know. So, um, Dark Soccer,
let me ask you this as a, you know, you, you like to collect games and so forth,
but you've also done digital games with Steam and so forth. A lot of them.
Do you think that charging $20 less for a digital copy of the game makes that more attractive for
consoles? Let's cut PC out of the picture. Do you think $20 less for a console game makes
it more attractive to go digital? No, I really prefer having a physical
copy if I'm going to have a console game. And I mean, a lot of my, there's been PC games that
have gone out and also bought physical copies, bought, bought, bought physical copies versus
the digital ones. And it wasn't for anything like paying less for a convenience. It was me paying
so that I have something to hold in my hands and look at, you know, it's, it's part of the
experience. So I, I don't, there's people who will find it attractive. But me, it's not fair to ask
somebody who loves print media, if they would rather have a physical copy. So.
Fair enough. Um, Loki, if, if you're able to answer, um, what about for you,
does this make it more attractive for you? Um, honestly, it's still too high. I mean,
you know, with even their digital games marketing down 20 bucks, like, I mean, it's a good start,
but I've just been kind of spoiled with Steam. I'm just not going to buy anything if it's, you know,
unless it's significantly less, I guess, you know, if I was getting the console now and that was the
game I was looking to buy, then yeah, I might consider digital, but I don't know, considering
that the hard drive's not replaceable and how long it's going to take for me to download it.
I may just wait, you know, until it becomes a price that I want to pay for.
All right. Sounds like somebody else in the background is spoiled.
All right. A little upset at something. All right. Uh, I'll move on to the next story
while you go show them a little attention. Uh, I will say this though, as far as like,
you know, I'm, I'm looking, I'm looking over at the empty host chair tonight and my copy of
bravely default. And, you know, I was really tempted to get the digital release of bravely
default so I could have it right at midnight. Um, but I was thinking like, you know, if,
if Nintendo had charged $10 less for me to get it digitally, the night it comes out,
I would have done it. I would have never bought the physical copy. So I don't know,
just food for thought. Like that's kind of my perspective on it is that, yeah, if they can kind
of have this competition when it's the day of release and get the price of the games cheaper,
it does make it more attractive. That's definitely the reality of it. Anyhow, moving on to, uh, one
more story here before we get to the classic game of the week, there was a little bit of back and
forth on Reddit this week. And yeah, this is important because it has to do with steam and
could steam be actually spying on you. Well, one Reddit user actually posted to the counter
strike community that, Hey, uh, I decompiled the VAC, which is, um, a VAC is like the anti-cheat
methodology that goes into a lot of games online. Just kind of, I'm oversimplifying things, but
that's basically what it is. And apparently the module will go through your DNS, DNS cache
entries. It'll hash each one with MD5 report it back to the servers. So in other words,
and he goes on to say that, you know, reddit.com would become this and so on. And, uh, you know,
if you hash with MD5, that's not foolproof. You can actually kind of see what this is. So
long story short, uh, steam was essentially reading like what URLs are you looking at?
What, what websites are you looking at? What are you viewing? And of course the first thought,
the first reaction everybody has is OMG, my porn. Okay. Maybe not really, but come on. I'm sure a
lot of you thought it. Well, this caused, and I had no idea he posted on Reddit, but he does
Gabe Newell under a confirmed account actually posted in the general gaming community on Reddit.
And I actually super loved his response because he actually talked about, okay, we're not spying
on what websites you did. We you're looking at, we don't always talk about VAC, which is the
counter hacking system and so forth, because we don't want cheaters to know kind of how we're
doing it. But what's happening, basically, the reason why this is happening is that we're looking
for certain cheat servers in your cache. And if it finds it, then it's going to do this further
check to see if you're doing this, this cheat. And they, he actually said 570 cheaters got banned as
a result, but he went on to clarify, if you just visit the website, that's not going to get you
banned because some people were concerned that, Oh, well that means if I've ever visited the
website, I'm going to be banned. He said, no, this is just kind of, you know, what it's looking for.
And he said, the Q and A at the very end was my favorite part because he gave some very
plain answers. He said, number one, do we send your browsing history to Valve? No. Number two,
do we care what porn sites you visit? This is Gabe Newell. Oh dear God, no, my brain just melted.
I might want to know what porn sites you visit. What's hot, y'all? What's hot? No, I'm just
kidding. Uh, and number three is Valve using its market success to go evil? I don't think so,
but you have to make the call if we are trustworthy, we try really hard to earn
and keep your trust. Very interesting comment, you know, and I think it's that kind of openness
that people do kind of dig about Valve. I mean, when they are open, I mean, it's not like you can
just go say, Hey, how about Half-Life 3 already? I mean, some things are never going to be open
about, but that's, that's pretty cool that he did go and make a very, uh, very night and day comment
like that. I love that. Dear God, no, my brain just melted. Love it. So there you go. If you
want to trust Steam, Steam is telling you they don't care if you're looking at porn or not.
That's not what they're looking to get. So, all right. Anyhow, let's travel to a simpler time.
Let's travel to a time where, you know, you didn't, you didn't get porn on the internet
and it wasn't reported back to companies. If you wanted porn, you went to raid the closet
and the hiding place under your bed. It's the classic game of the week. Every week Dark
Sakura dives into the fault and finds a game that she thinks, Hey, you little brats, you should be
playing this game. And yet again, this week, Dark Sakura, we have one of those games where I go,
how in the hell, how in the actual hell have we never had this game before? Because I've done
other games in the series that never did this one. And I double check to be sure of that.
All right. Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
It's the Legend of Zelda. The first one early on, and it came out in Japan as the Hyrule
Fantasy Zelda no Densetsu. And it came out in 1986 and was released in North America in 1987
designed by Miyamoto and Tezuka Takahashi. And it's, well, I know I shouldn't have to
tell everybody what it's about, but I'm going to anyway. So basically you have to get the
eight fragments of Triforce of Wisdom to rescue Zelda and kick pig face Ganon in the butt.
It's top-down perspective. You walk through the world, you shoot stuff with your sword.
If you have full hearts or you just go step, step, step, step, step, please die, please die,
get rid of that damn shield, just die already when you're playing.
And it has different little puzzles thrown in it. Like they go up and up and up and up in the
Northwest Southwest, I believe it was. It first came out as a launch title for the
Family Computer Disk System, which actually it's got really good music on the disk system.
Yeah, the disk system had that different like a different sound processor. Sorry,
I'm very impressed. This little video that we're watching. It's a speedrun. Yeah, it's actually
a speedrun. You can see this too over the OLR episodes that are posted on YouTube every week.
Just want to plug the YouTube channel again because Jason splices all this in. I hate those
guys. The little night guys, right? That you have to get them in the back or with a bomb like the
speedrunners doing. But you are watching a speedrun here and this guy is starting in level three and
it's kind of warping my mind because I'm like, wait a minute, don't you go to you go up, up,
up and then to the left. Why are you starting with level three? You're doing it wrong,
but I guess not really. Well, all you need for level three is because you have to have,
he's basically going for the raft first because you need to have that to get to one of the later
areas to get the items you need. I think you have to get the silver arrows before you can kill
Ganon. Right. Yeah. I know you have to have the silver arrows, but I always thought you had to
have each Triforce fragments. Not really. You can beat the game. Really? I thought that you still
had to collect each Triforce fragment. I didn't realize you could just because yeah, level one
and two give you what the boomerang or, um, no, I'm wrong in that the bow, the bow is in one
and then. Well, there's also, even if you go through it, there's faster ways. Yeah. I mean,
if this is a speed run, then it makes sense to do the levels in a faster method so that you're not
going back and forth. Um, I'm just impressed. So anyway, um, as I was saying, um, it was the
best seller for the Nintendo. It has, uh, sold over 6.5 million copies and it's listed as one
of the greatest ever role-playing games. Um, it has a sequel, several prequels, different spinoffs,
and it is among Nintendo's most popular series. Um, there also now was, in 1994,
there was a version that was released in Japan called the Hyrule Fantasy Zelda no Densetsu 1.
Um, that was, uh,
it was basically the re-release, um, as well as it was also, uh, one of the first home console games
that had an internal battery. So, I mean, the game was awesome. It's, there's hardly anything
that I need to say about it. Um, especially in America, we got the gold cartridge, which,
if anyone still has the gold cartridge, then consider yourself to be fortunate. We still have
a gold cartridge. If you have a gold cartridge with its original battery working and haven't
had to replace it, oh my god. But one thing is that, um, Miyamoto said he designed Link,
um, as sort of a coming-of-age type of thing with, uh, just a regular guy who strengthens himself up
to overcome evil. And Zelda was, um, named after Zelda Fitzgerald, who was, uh, the wife of F. Scott
Fitzgerald. You know, who wrote The Great Gatsby. Um, I did not know that. Yep, you didn't know.
Oh, I thought you meant Zelda, uh, meant F. Scott Fitzgerald. No, no, no. Yes, I know what that is.
I didn't realize that that's where, that's where the naming came from. There were other different
neat things that were involved in the Japanese version. Like, you remember, um, the little whole
thing where, uh, it said, what was the name of this stupid, um, things with the big pulse voice?
Was it pulse voice? Oh yeah, where they dislike noise, so everybody thought you had to use the whistle.
Yeah, but what you did is you actually, um, you had to own a Famicom. Well, because the Famicom on the,
um, on one of the controllers actually had a, um, a microphone on it that you could blow or shout into
and it would kill the, um, pulse voice. Um, so you have to, you, you have to use, um, weapons, of course, in
the US one. Um, the cartridge, um, version that came out in Japan also used the memory management
controller chip, the MMC1 model. So you could, uh, do bank switching, allowing, um, larger games, uh,
to, uh, be possible. And, you know, another thing too that I was reading about this too is that, um,
the game itself for the disc cartridge, it was about 128 kilobytes. So, um, it ended up being at
the time a little too expensive for them to originally do on a, uh, cartridge. So, um, and like
all of the, uh, all of the, uh, dialogue was written in katakana and, um, the passwords were used on,
uh, instead of the passwords, they used the rewritable data on the disc. So that's how they led to it
being a battery control, a battery save on the American version. And then, you know, the gold, we
had the gold copy and lots of, lots of neat stuff. And, of course, they sort of learned from the gaming
magazines in Japan that people love gaming tips. So they did a lot of stuff in Nintendo Power. They
had different tips in the book, you know, the strategy stuff. And it's really one of the single
best games there ever were. We've had all kinds of, I'm not even going to go into the sequel,
sequel, sequels and prequels and stuff, but we've had other RPGs that, you know, kind of bit off of
the Zelda formula. Like we mentioned, um, Golvelius had some of the same elements, um, that, you know,
we talked about last week. There's Crystalis. There's a Seiken Densetsu series. Alindra. You
know, all of these RPGs really can owe their, uh, their success to Zelda, you know, for introducing
people to that kind of genre. And, you know, as far as the clones were going, like I was saying,
you know, we had, um, I think I did Neutopia before as a classic game. I do seem to remember
that, yeah. Neutopia was a HuCard game for the PC Engine, and, um, it's very much like a Zelda
clone. It plays very similarly. Um, even if you want to go in Ys, except for, you know, the bumping
into people to kill them, because Adol apparently can't swing a sword, he has to bone them to death.
Um, well, I'll do Ys another day. But, you know, we've got all of these, you know, classic characters
too, like we have Link, we have Zelda, Ganon, Impa, you know, and I named my cat Midna after, uh, Twilight
Princess, which was a good game too. Um, so yeah, like I said, there were re-releases. Um, there was the, um,
the cartridge got re-released for the Famicom in 1994, and then, um, there was, uh, they get, you
could play it in Animal Crossing, remember? Although the only way you could get it was through an
action replay. You had to do hacks, or, um, hacks or it. You had to have Link from Hyrule, as your, like,
your town name was Hyrule, and, because there was that internet resource that had, like, a code for
everything. If your character was Link from Hyrule, you could, like, get everything. Yeah. And then, um,
there was also, uh, the Legend of Zelda Collector's Edition for GameCube, and then a Game Boy Advance
version that, you know, was that, and you also had the Adventure of Link as part of the, uh, Famicom
Mini, or as we got it in America, the Plastic Nest series. Um, there's a Virtual Console release in 2006.
There was a demo of the game that came out in 2008 for Super Smash Bros. Brawl that was in the
vault section. Um, we've just got so many different versions, and then don't forget, one of my favorite
versions, which I don't even see it listed in here, was the, uh, Satellaview one. The BS, uh,
you, when you see the ROM, it's also just listed as BS, um, Zelda. Actually, it is. Um, that was 1995 through
1996. There was BS Zelda No Densetsu Map 2. That was a Satellaview game that was an equivalent of
Zelda Second Quest. So, there we go. We did have something, and it was pretty difficult, but very
pretty in general. It was just really nice. So, that's it. It's, um, The Legend of Zelda,
classic game. Enjoy. All right. There it is, your classic game of the week, The Legend of Zelda, and
again, it's one of those games where you go, how the hell has that never been a classic game before?
But, you know what? I did other Zelda games. Yeah, you did, I think you did Link to the Past, you did
the Game Boy ones, and I'm pretty sure you did Ocarina at some point. You just never did the, the
very first. You know what? One of my favorite memes actually was from, uh, Ocarina of Time.
Yeah. And it was how the Lake Hylia looks like the Forever Alone guy.
That made me laugh. Wow. And by laughing, I mean, just sort of go, huh. Yeah, isn't that neat? All
right. What a damn thing. Well, uh, isn't, isn't, uh, isn't Part A of our show pretty neat, but, uh,
more show is to come. Look at this show, isn't it neat? Wouldn't you say this episode is complete?
No. I didn't know we'd get Dark Sakura singing tonight, everybody. Take a shot,
that's going to be in the drinking game, right? She never sings. I never sing. All right. Except
when I end on a high note. Are you going to sing Let It Go for us? I know that's your song right
now. You know what? Just wait till the cookie, cause it's a different version. All right. And
that, and I'm not a soprano, so no. All right. Uh, we're going to take a break, guys. When we
come back, uh, we're going to get to the football question of the week, rapid fire news. Um, some
interesting news about Duke Nukem, uh, exploits on the Wii U and plenty more when we come back.
Maybe, maybe more Jamie singing. Raginator? CDI Zeldas don't count. Yeah. CDI Zeldas are,
are not good. It's a blemish. Excuse me, princess. That's not even, that wasn't even in there. It
was just, it was awful. It was, but it was, I still had to watch it. Nintendo, never,
ever after that licensed anything out of pity ever again. What is Everything is Awesome?
Uh, from the Lego movie. I, fuck that movie. I haven't watched it yet. You're just Maggie
Dempsey. We should go. We should go on a date. You want to go on a date? Let's go on a date.
Dan won't mind. We're going to have a play date like we're five. All right. Uh, anyhow,
we're going to take a break, guys. We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live here on this Sunday evening,
of course, with episode number 541 of our show already in progress. And if you're just joining
us live at voggenetwork.com, be sure to check out the podcast when it goes up or the YouTube
of the show when it goes up to check out some of our discussion from earlier in the show,
including, uh, we're talking about Twitch plays Pokemon, um, the, uh, character pack for a flappy
vog, uh, chroma, the harmonics game, and so much more, but we have plenty more show here coming up.
Uh, Dar soccer, of course, here in studio, we're, we're dining on popcorn. We're doing some fine
dining here. I'm having a little bit of it. Yes. And, uh, good stuff. Popcorn's good and coffee's
good too. You're on two cups of coffee tonight. Yeah. I mean, it's still decaf. It's just,
you know, it feels good. It makes my throat feel good. Orange Lounge Radio. It's powered by coffee.
Although I do not know if tech master Loki is powered by coffee. I seem to recall. He's not
a coffee fan. I'm not a huge fan of coffee now. What drink does power you? I guess maybe Mountain
Dew. Although didn't you come back on that too? I don't like Mountain Dew. What is it? What drink
powers you? Red bull. Oh yeah. God, you can drink. Oh, you can drink lots of that stuff. I can't. Oh,
no, no, no. That's the stuff that, well, the rock stars anyway, that's what put Dan in the hospital.
Red bull is what got me to 4 AM on the, you know, once a month when I would go do Rocky Horror
in San Francisco at midnight. And then the show was over and I drive 90 minutes back home. That's,
that was red bull nights for me, but, uh, you know, I can't do that anymore. It's doing 10
o'clock locally is bad enough, but no more midnight far away. Anyway. Uh, let's get back
into some video game news. Loki starting us off rapid fire news. All right. So, uh, apparently
there's going to be another mortal combat game. Cause uh, keeper, someone said, yeah, I'm doing
a voice in it. So he didn't say, so I did mortal combat and that's such a huge game, but it's not
like Mel yourself five. Well, I mean, of course there's going to be a new mortal combat game.
That reboot game did so fricking well. And uh, you know, they, they did their thing last year
with injustice and you know, now they can come back to a new mortal combat game. Here's my fan
wank though. What if Kiefer Sutherland is doing Jack Bauer? He's sweet. Think about it. Why not?
Freddy Krueger was in the last world combat game, right? They got a new 24 series to promote. Why
not? Let him be Jack Bauer in mortal combat. That would be bad. Of course, probably end up looking
more like striker who is one of the lamest mortal combat characters ever. In my opinion,
I'm going to hate that he was all right. Uh, um, so then here's the other cool thing. They
had a new trailer for a Wolfenstein, the new order come up and they also announced, you know,
that's going to be coming out in may now. But with that though, on the box of, um, the game,
it says also you get access to the doom beta. So, Hey, guess what? There's going to be a new doom
game now. I heard rumblings. They were working on doom four, but it's kind of like, Oh my God,
it's really here type of thing. Yeah. Like it's probably going to be coming out later this year,
you know, by the sounds of it, that's going to be crazy. A Wolfenstein in a doom game in one year,
man was it the nineties? Yes, it's the nineties. Um, and then last but not least, uh, humble bundle
11 started last week and it's got a bunch of great stuff in there. In fact, a lot of games,
I think we've played, uh, Guacamelee, uh, dust and the lesion tale, Gianna sisters,
twisted dreams, the swapper anti-chamber, uh, and Monaco, of course, you know, anti-chamber
Monica or those ones that you get, if you pay over the average, um, and then they still haven't
even, you know, said what the other couple of games are. Cause they always add stuff towards
the end. Usually it's stuff from prior bundles though. So if you buy them all like me, he already
have it, but great cause. And those games, I mean, are so good. Like, you know, I just,
please buy this bundle. I really don't know how else to say it. Yeah. Donate all the money to
charity if you want. Let's move on some more stories for you guys. Um, a really cool mod for
Spelunky. I was talking about that game a lot at the end of last year. Well, somebody has actually
done a mod here. I'm actually going to see if I can play this video in studio. Um, of course
there's some stupid ad attached to it, but let me see if I can skip ahead from this and get into the
mod itself. But apparently somebody has combined Spelunky with Metroid. Somebody's got to do some
stupid narration on this. All right, fine. I'm going to play it muted there, but yes,
there's little, uh, Metroid. They were only seeing what we were thinking. Yeah, I know. Right. When
I first saw this, I said hot diggity dang too. So, um, apparently what he did, he actually went
through and reskinned the original sprites and then he swapped out the music to actually recreate
the look of Metroid. Well, all I see right now is a title screen. So I'm going to fast forward
to the five minute mark in the video here. It's the five minute mark and, um, you can, I can see,
okay. Yeah, it's got, they've actually changed the little guy to a little Samus is running around
and everything's like purpley. There's a little, oh, it's the Chozo statues that shoot things and
okay. That's really cute. That's kind of cool. I like that. That's really neat what they did to
that there. So, uh, this is Joey for track who did this reskin these, uh, sprites and actually
swapped out the music too, to kind of make it look a little more like Metroid, but, um, you know,
obviously Spelunky Metroid, very different games, but, um, that's pretty awesome. Very cool. I like
that. All right. Anyhow, moving on a story about Gran Turismo five, uh, Gran Turismo five will
have its DLC go bye-bye on April 30th. Very strange. Why would you end DLC? I would think
you would keep it out there forever, but I guess due to maybe licensing issues, because these are
cars that they license or whatever, um, Gran Turismo five, not only will the online play end up,
uh, expiring in may, but, uh, April 30th will be the end of the DLC. So, uh, the racing car pack
and the course pack, uh, that is, that's it. You, um, can download and install a free supplemental
piece of DLC though, called family upgrade. Um, that's the only way you're going to be able to
access those after April 30th. Um, some DLC can still be reloaded through PSN, even if the local
data gets, uh, erased, but, uh, yeah. Um, Gran Turismo TV also shutting down March 14th. So a lot
of this stuff in Gran Turismoville going bye-bye, but that's because Gran Turismo six is where they
want you to be right now. And that's, that's what they do. Uh, lastly, but not leastly,
we mentioned this last week on the show, but I just want to bring it up again. Ikaruga is now
out on steam. And, uh, the reason why I bring this up again is that, uh, it's based on the 2008 Xbox
live arcade port, Xbox 360 controller port, uh, support screen rotating and horizontal play. And
the price $10 in North America is, uh, what this is going to cost there. So pretty cool. Ikaruga
now available on steam. Dark soccer owns this game about four times. Is there going to be a fifth?
Why can't they just give us a radiant silver gun?
Uh, also just want to say the steam version also features the double play mode that lets you beat
the two player game with just one controller. Have fun. Good luck. Moving on dark soccer.
Well, it's about time. The year of Luigi is going to conclude on March 18th and the Mi
versus communities that are attached to it will be closing. You know who says so? Miyamoto says so,
that's who. It'll always be the year of Luigi in our hearts. It'll always be the year of Luigi
at DJ run the S's house. It'll always be the year of black Luigi during the Skype segment
here on OLR. Yes. Also in other news, um, super smash brothers has a new character
and that's for the 3DS and Wii U. It will be Diddy Kong. Yay. Why should you just give us
new characters? I mean, it gets a little Mac was new, right? That was actually really funny trailer.
Yes, he is brand new and in high demand, but like I'd rather have brand new characters in it. Oh,
Hey, like this character's back and this character's back. What brand new Nintendo
characters they haven't really had. There is a lot that hasn't been smashed for a submarine
from steel driver. How about Gino? There's a good start. Fair enough. Can I continue?
Yes. After Loki and I are done arguing and we're done men. Um, and also there will be, um,
Hatsune Miku Project Diva F. It's going to have, um, we've got an update in the release
date. It's going to be out March 4th in North America and March 12th in Europe. And it's going
to be 30 bucks on the PS store. And on top of that, even though it's not cross buys,
Sega has said that any DLC purchase for the PS3 version will automatically unlock on the Vita.
Yeah. And that's including the snow Miku 2013 set, the extra songs and extra character modules.
And that's it. Get your Miku on. By the way, you know what I found today? What? When I was
looking for parodies of, let it go. And then I found the Japanese version. I found, um,
someone who had done it for, um, uh, Vocaloid. Oh, it was pretty cool. It was funny. All right.
And to go back to characters that have not been in Smash Brothers that could easily be in Smash
Brothers. How about, um, there's Geno, the Unicycle from Uniracers, the car from Stunt
Race FX, um, or hell we could even have the car from RC Pro-Am. I don't know if that was
a Nintendo game though. We need Slippy. That was a rare game though. Slippy. I'd go with Slippy,
that's fine. Uh, Awesome Unicorn in chat suggests Monita for Super Smash Brothers. Did people liked
Monita? She was kind of annoying. Captain Rainbow. How about Tingle? Loki. How about Tingle? Come
on. He's in the cyst. He's in the cyst. All right. Fair enough. All right. Let's get to the Fugu
question of the week. You take Facebook, you take Google Plus, you slam it together, you get Fugu.
And, uh, our question, excuse me, I have a cough. Radio guy's worst nightmare.
Help. Uh, Rob, don't die. Please don't die. And by the way, Rama, I can't link you the
Vocaloid version because I have the same from my computer at home. Okay. This is why I should not
eat popcorn during the show. Shame on me. Anyhow, uh, let's get to the Fugu question of the week.
Every week, uh, we ask you guys a question on our Fugu, uh, communities and you guys answer it.
So this week we decided to go off the, uh, success of the, uh, Chroma announcement and
how everybody's talking about that. So this week, Harmonix announced that they were working on
Chroma, which is a game that combines two genres, music games and first person shooters. What kind
of odd couple marriage of genres would you like to see in a video game? So here we have music games
and shooters. What do you want to see when genres collide in your game? Uh, I'm going to go to Google
Plus tonight because I'm very impressed. Six answers on Google Plus. Who knew there were six
people using Google Plus? So six whole people, six whole people. All right. Starting off with
Rhetortainment who says an RPG complete with a leveling system, quests and unlocking abilities
with a combat style that is similar to a fighting game. For example, Street Fighter or Mortal Combat.
I thought there was something like this out there. Maybe I'm just crazy. Uh, Noel G says,
uh, data track, Katamari and portal. Oh, data track must be the name. I'm sorry. Katamari and
portal. Dark soccer. Would that work for you? A Katamari plus portal? Possibly. It could be fun.
All right. Uh, going to act deaf to says, are there any combinations who haven't been done
already? I mean, Chroma does break the mold, but, um, outside of that, I don't know of any
combinations that haven't been done already. Maybe a fighting rhythm game, but that's probably
been done too. I feel like there was one of those many times. Def Jam icon, for example.
All right. Um, sorry guys. I'm trying to troubleshoot another issue here.
That's okay. You're forgiven, Rob. I have absolved you of all dead airspace.
Thank you. Appreciate it guys. Live radio. It's a lot of fun. So, all right. Anyhow,
um, moving on to the next question on, or excuse me, the next answer on Google plus,
our friend Renee. Oh, I miss her face so much. If you're out there listening,
Renee, I miss your face. We need to hang out soon. But Renee replied and said,
survival horror and puzzle. Think candy crush saga on rails. Okay. When you hear,
when I hear candy crush saga, I'm going to admit I get a little like,
but what about like bejeweled in hell? That's kind of cool. That might be interesting. You
play with soul gems, but isn't that sort of like a puzzle quest? A puzzle quest is more like RPG
and puzzle, but survival horror and puzzle, like, I guess there is a part of me that kind of thinks
of maybe like phantasmagoria. If you want to get old school, cause that was like an old, like that
type of puzzle game was like a nineties, you know, Sierra, but anyhow, I still have trivia and
survivor horror answer the question or die. You don't know Jack just got real.
This sounds like the type of game that dark soccer would create. It's like correct grammar or death.
He will learn to speak proper English. I really think you should make this game dark soccer,
correct? Damn grammar or death. The only way to win is not to play.
This could be your last visit. Y O U apostrophe R E death.
It would be like, what's that earthworm adventures, except it would be like death worm.
That'll be my game. Deathworm adventures. All right. Travis H says, how about a modern day
builder like SIM city meeting a real time tactical like CNC or red alert. Uh, once you've
built your proper city, you log into a multiplayer server and defend or attack other cities as well
and preserve and protect humanity and your own kind of like Eve on a much smaller or personal
scale. I like that idea. That's really cool. Um, um, there's people have got some really
unique ideas. It sounds like it kind of also sounds like sieve to me a little bit. I mean,
maybe not as action oriented as what you're thinking, Travis, but I don't know. That's
where my mind went. Uh, our, our buddy Jason is over on Google and saying, uh, typing trainer
and rails shooter. Oh, typing at the dead. Yep. Typing trainer and platformer. Oh,
Mario teaches typing, typing trainer and parkour, I guess.
Uh, let's see. Moving on to, uh, some of our Facebook answers here. We have a gamer girl who
says puzzle and RPG. It just seems like a good idea unless it's already been done. Puzzle quest
would be my answer there, which is, which is a fabulous little game gamer girl. If you haven't
checked that out, it's, it's on like every fricking it's on PC. I'm sure it's on steam.
Uh, every console, mobile, everywhere. KJ submits a haiku. Well done KJ. KJ says,
I want to play a horror music rhythm game. My name is made up. I think that's because
I always mispronounce his name when I read it there. You get KJ now. How's that? There you
have it. What is a horror music rhythm game? Rock of the dead. Oh, good thought. Good thought.
All right. It was terrible, but it's basically house of the dead or even type into the dead,
but with, um, rock band instruments or guitar instruments. Um, Andy R says a strategy, RPG,
and a third person shooter. Basically I want Sega to stop making hedgehog stuff and make
Valkyria Chronicles 4. Understood. That is a worthy response. Understood. Understood.
There should be another Valkyria Chronicles. Degenerate Johnny says, I'm fairly certain
that this has been done before, but I'd like to see more RTS shooters. A game in which you command
armies overhead, but you also have the ability to take control of the year units from their
perspective. A nice balance between macro management and micro management. Does that
game exist that you know of Loki? Which one? An RTS combined with a shooter. You command the
armies when they go to battle. What about like, yes, that is, I actually already have a few of
those. There is, um, there's an indie game that's like that. I know I can't remember the name and
there was one on 360 that was released by Sega. I'm thinking super old school, but, um, Arkon
kind of makes me think of that. Although it's not really a first person shooter, but there was,
I think a command and conquer game is like command and conquer generals, I think was like that.
Yeah. All right. Uh, moving on, uh, Unfolded Raptor says, Starhawk was like that.
Um, Unfolded Raptor says, I want to see a Cabela's big game RPG. You go around the world
hunting down beasts and you have to level up hunting rats at first, then hunting skeletons
and goblins. Guns can be upgraded and there would be stats and skill trees galore. You can outfit
your Hunter with different armor, shoot magic out of certain guns with lighting, fire, ice,
et cetera. Your main goal of the game is to kill an evil family of dragons that have captured all
the deer in the world and to set them free. So Cabela's big game Hunter 2015 can exist.
If you fail, the series ends forever. Well, I know Dark Sakura would play that and purposely
fail. Uh, Trihexan, maybe it's kind of close. Only thing I can think of, uh, Raginator says,
I can't think of a serious answer. So I'll go with the strangest, most whacked out answer I
can come up with. How about a zombie game like left for dead combined with a music rhythm game,
like space channel five, part two, and a Japanese dating gate dating SIM. You play the role of a
zombie and in between eating human brains, you try to win the decaying heart of another zombie with a
dance off. Was that lollipop chainsaw? Maybe it just didn't really have the music part. All
right. Anyway, uh, Renee, uh, answers, uh, saying I don't remember it being in existence, but I'd
love to see a fighter rhythm game. Um, Def Jam icon. There you go. Fifth dream says I'd love
to see a virtual pet slash puzzle game. Imagine raising a tetromino from birth, teaching it,
playing with it, feeding it, and depending on the kind of food you give it, whether you train it to
behave well and its intelligence level, it might involve into an L shape or a T shape, or if you're
lucky, the coveted straight piece. Then when it reaches maturity, you send it off to fulfill its
destiny, falling from the sky and completing lines with other tetrominoes. Best game ever. Um, fifth
dream. There is a virtual pet puzzle game and it's huge in Japan. And I think it's pretty huge
here. It's called puzzle and dragons. It's on mobile. I thought it was stupid as hell. I tried
playing it. I thought it was dumb as hell. I don't know why this is so popular, but it is. Maybe
you'll see something in it. I didn't, but I kind of ranked it right up there with candy crush to be
honest. But that is all the, not as cool as what you're describing fifth dream. It is a virtual
pet meets puzzle game. And lastly, um, Austin S replies and says dating sim slash survival horror
slash FPS. It's very similar to, uh, radiators either. Be careful who you date because they may
be out to get you. Alternatively, your waifu could help you progress throughout the game.
Well, they do have dating sim and shooter. Remember Galgun?
Yeah. Oh God. Yes. Yes. All right. Good answers. I actually read them all tonight,
but if you want to go support the listeners and see them, see the full answers for yourself,
you can check it out over at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, or you can check it out at
Google plus over at, uh, google.com slash plus orange lounge radio Akuma JP in the chat says,
I love it. Puzzle and dragon. Is it, is it just the version here we have sucks or something? Like
I would believe that that the Japanese version is better than what we have, but yeah, I think it's,
I think it's kind of bad, but again, I just, you know, everybody's welcome to their opinion.
All right. Back to some more gaming news. Loki. So gearbox has sued 3d realms and interceptor
over their brand new Duke Nukem title that they're, they were teasing. I don't remember
the full title for the new game, but it's supposed to be like a arts. He asked, I think,
or something like that. Um, anyways, apparently gearbox, um, yeah. Isometric action role-playing
game was new Duke Nukem, which sounds kind of terrible, but okay. Um, apparently it's because
gearbox actually purchased the rights to Duke Nukem back in 2010. And, um, I guess they're
saying that, you know, 3d realms is attempting to re-license the IEP that it already sold. And in
the process has infringed, um, gearbox's copyright and gearbox, of course, honestly shouldn't have
the copyright after the terrible game that they made with Duke Nukem forever, but you know,
that's another story. Um, I guess they're saying that, uh, because of this, they're trying to stop
the, uh, creation of that new game. So yeah. I don't know. I think, I mean, if that's true,
that they did actually sell the rights to Duke Nukem, then I guess there's not really much they
can do, but I mean, if they licensed it maybe just for that game, maybe that's something
different. I'm kind of surprised that 3d realms and interceptor would have gone as far as they
did without thinking that they have the legal ground to do it. I gotta think that they have,
they must have licensed it just for that. You know, I have a feeling it's just for that game
because, you know, we had since then, we've had the Duke Nukem 3d, you know, being re-released,
and that was done by Devolver Digital and they obviously had licensed that. So there's been
licensees since then, unless that was a whole separate thing. I don't know. I just, what's
gearbox really going to do with it other than poopoo on the whole franchise again? I mean,
I don't know. Well, Bobby Blackwolf is in chat wanting to stick up for gearbox a little bit
saying, you know, 3d realms made most of the Duke Nukem forever game. Gearbox just finished it.
Oh, there's that. Dungeon Buster says the filed lawsuit for this has quite a bit of legal
snarkiness in it. And nemesis 47 says, I actually enjoy Duke Nukem forever, despite the reviews.
So I tried, it just kept crashing up. Yeah. All right. Those comments from our chat room
over at live.vognetwork.com. Well, I'm all, this will end as it always does. Settlement,
right? Somebody will get paid, then it'll be a settlement. All right. Moving on to another
story. And this was mentioned in tonight's intro and we're finally getting around to discussing
this, but, uh, it is, uh, it's, it's more of the impact of this. Fucking little mobile phone game
that we would have never given a second thought to had it not just caught on like crazy. And of
course it is flappy bird still going, but here's the thing. And here is why flappy VOG will never
come to the app store because apparently Apple is starting to crack down on the use of flappy
in the app store. Uh, some developers are saying that they are submitting apps that have the word
flappy and they will get rejected by Apple. Uh, one of the folks speaking up, John Carpenter,
who tried to do flappy dragon and, uh, Apple replied and said, this isn't happening because,
uh, and they cited different reasons. We found that your app and or its metadata
contains content that could be misleading to users, which is not in compliance with
the app store guidelines. We found your app name attempts to leverage a popular app.
So even though flappy bird is gone, they're still trying to, you know, shoot down that name.
Can we call it flappy? He could call it flappy dragon. And, and I like that they, they, they
say that now, meanwhile, like how many years has the app store been around and how many games we
had based on angry birds or, you know, uh, doodle jump or cut the rope or any of those other popular
apps. It should be noted that there's, uh, there's already a crap ton of these on the store, but
some are changing their name. There's a very popular one called flappy bee that changed its
name to jumpy bee. I, and I don't know, we don't know if this was due to Apple pressure or just
some, a lot of times people proactively change something out of fear. Uh, by the way, don't just
blame this on Apple because Google reportedly doing the same thing apps being submitted to
Google play that say flappy and the title are being denied saying spam. So interesting. So
time to come up with a new word. What would we have to call? Here's a question for the folks
here at OLR. Let's say Bobby decided to make flappy vog for mobile. He's not gonna, don't get
your hopes up, but let's just, let's do a little, let's do some flappy vog fanfic. Let's say that
flappy vog goes to mobile since he can't use the word flappy. What will the game be called?
Vog splat. I like vog splat. Loki. What would, uh, what would this, this almost begs for a list
list. I don't know. I should have planned one for tonight. Loki. What would flappy vog be called?
Vappy vog. I don't know. That's it. Crappy vog. Hold on. I haven't done one of these in a while.
Hold on. I did think of something we could do this here. I'm going to do,
I'm going to do a live poll. So wait, we have crappy vog.
Okay. That's a good idea. What was the other one that you said? Um, vog splat.
My sub, my submission will be don't flap it up.
Ha ha ha. And what else did, what did you have, Loki?
Vappy. Vappy.
I think that was vappy vog. Do we have, do we have one more for this? All right. I guess we'll,
we'll run with four. So, uh, there you go. So we're going to go to it. Um,
let's see if I can get it to it. We're going to ask the audience
right now over at live.vognetwork.com. We want your answer. What would flappy vog be called
on mobile? Would it be crappy vog, vog splat, don't flap it up or vappy vog? Answer now over
at live.vognetwork.com. I have a 50% chance.
I don't think the game's crappy. I just think it's funny.
Yeah. I think it's just funny to call it crappy vog.
A rage nator in chat says, try saying vappy vog fanfic five times fast.
All right. Um, we'll get those answers and, uh, read the, read the winner here in just a minute.
Uh, meanwhile, let's go to our next story, which is dark Sakura.
That is me, isn't it? Well, how about, um,
and you know, we, we did talk about apps just a moment ago, and this does play into the whole
Google play thing is that they're actually have stated that the number of play apps,
Google play apps, um, has quadrupled in two years for the ones that, uh, contain malware.
Um, the number of apps that, uh, had malicious code in them in 2011 was 11,000.
2013 is 42,000. And of course, um, the, the number of apps on Google play, um,
grew from a 250,000 to a million apps, um, within the two years. So that's, uh,
basically about 4% of the apps on Google play have some sort of malicious code.
So just, uh, make sure it's reputable, read, reuse.
And by malicious code, they mean cat pictures.
No. Well, I'm sure there's a lot of cat picture apps that would then inject malicious code.
It's really sad to me how much this crap is out there. And you know,
I really wish Google would do more to crack down on it. I realized
some people do not like how cramped down Apple store is, you know, but, um, the,
on the bright side, very few, I, nothing is foolproof, but very few of the malware gets
through on Apple comparatively. So it's just, it's unfortunate because it makes people just
not want to install anything and that hurts the indie developers. Right. So, all right,
we'll do one more story. Then we'll go to the results of our poll. Loki.
I'm curious.
Okay. So the first ever Wii U exploit, and this is actually getting, I mean,
there's been stuff that actually works on the Wii U. I think you can actually install the
home brew channel on the Wii part of the Wii U, but this is actually something that's accessing
parts of the Wii U, um, operating system itself. And so there's an exploit that actually uses the
Wii channel, um, that they've been able to dump the boot ROM, uh, bin file, which is part of the
Wii U system. And they're saying it's similar to the, I guess, the same way that, um, that they
access boot zero on the Wii. Um, and basically what that's going to allow them to do at some
point is to have stuff hook into that to where, you know, you can run your own home brew that
has access to the Wii U, you know, processing power instead of just being locked down within
the confines of, um, the Wii itself. How interesting and ironic that there's so many
similarities to how it was done on the Wii. And here's the, here's the interesting part
about that too. The way that the exploit's done, it cannot be patched. It says it's basically,
it's hard-coded and in order to patch it out, they would have to issue new hardware.
So wait a minute, hold new hardware to block the thing?
Yeah, because it's hard-coded. So there's no way that they can, um, patch it out with like
a software patch or something. Well, that's gotta suck for Nintendo, but be good for the
developers. Yeah. Well, I'm just saying if piracy comes to the Wii, that's not going to really
attract more third parties. They're already hurting in that department as it is. Um, Bobby
Blackwolf in our chat room says, well now Nintendo will remove the Wii channel the same way Sony
removed other OS. I don't know if they'll do that. I don't know. They do seem kind of remove
happy these days with, you know, just removing functions from things and shutting down whole
communities. Yeah, but you're Luigi's one thing. So, all right. Anyhow, let's move on. We're going
to get to the results of our poll. I'm going to shut it down. If you haven't voted by now,
it is too late. The poll is closed. So again, the question, what would flappy vog be called
on mobile? Cause they can't, we can't use flappy anymore cause they've put the end of that.
And I'm not saying that Bobby's ever going to actually do this, but let's just,
this is our fanfic. If it was done on mobile, what would it be called? The overwhelming majority,
58.82%. So over half of the listeners voted for vog splat would be the name of the game. Vog splat
coming in second place, vappy vog and a crappy vog and don't flap it up tying for last place.
Good job. So vog splat. All right. Thank you for, uh, thank you for indulging us there with
the votes. Appreciate it. All right. Let's move on to another story here before we get to the mail
bag, our last week of a mailbag at Orange. We're not ending the mailbag. It's just a new address.
So here's the deal. Uh, Square Enix is commenting on a new game that they made called NOS Goth. It
is a free to play multiplayer game. It's set in the legacy of Kane universe, which we've talked
about this game before. So NOS Goth is the game that's being created, but they are saying this
is not a pay to win game. Square Enix is coming out. Here's the quote. NOS Goth is a free to play
game, but it's not pay to win. One of the key goals has been to create a fair experience that
doesn't penalize players who don't spend money in the game. As such, NOS Goth does not include items,
weapons, or abilities that are inherently better. So what do you do? You use what's called,
here's a new term everybody, side grades. Oh, they're not upgrades. They're side grades.
These paid items will be better in some respects, but there'll be worse than others.
For instance, something called a full board cannon. It's stronger than the hand cannon,
but it will carry fewer rounds. So you can enhance areas that you're stronger in, but you know,
at whatever cost. So, uh, two different currency systems in NOS Goth. You get gold and doing
battles, more gold if you do better performance. And of course you can pay real money for rune
stones and the rune stones will give access to items before you've earned gold or experience
to unlock them. And it's the only way you get chess keys and all this crap you're used to in
these free to play games. But side grades y'all that's, that's the new way of making you pay for
side grades. They're not better. They're just different. I don't know. It takes a lot to make
me look at a mobile game these days and I'm not sure this is, uh, I'm not sure this is going to
win me over. So, all right. Is anybody going to check out this free to play game with side grades?
Loki? No, no, no way. I had a feeling, I had a feeling. All right guys, let's get to the mail
bag every week. You guys mail us at mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com. But no more after this
week. Um, we are going to be closing our mail just, we have a really bad spam problem that's
just gotten worse over the past few years. So you know what? We want, you know what? We want our
most loyal listeners to still be able to contact us. We know you guys are listening. So we do have
a new email address and I'll tell you what that email address is in just a minute, but let's get
to the emails tonight. Dark Sakura. This comes from Robert M. Just for a last email to this
address. I have quite a few fighting games on PSN from the disappointing ragdoll kung fu to
Marvel versus Capcom two to acceleration of sugary X. I was wondering, is that X or 10? I don't know.
I was wondering which fighter would be the better $15 purchase dive kick or skull girls encore.
And what do you think either would get a discount on PS plus I'd give her skull girls just because
I've played it and skull girls is pretty fun. And I also don't know about PS plus. I've played dive
kick and I think it will go free on PlayStation plus. It seems like a really good candidate
and I'm going to be honest. I think the game is a little bit over-hyped. I don't,
I don't think it's as great as everybody thinks it is. Sorry. I know that's the unpopular opinion,
but I would also say go with skull girls. Also my chiropractor uninstalled steam on his windows PC
because he was getting too much spam email. Could this actually possibly be related to his account?
I don't think so. You can tell it not to email you stuff. The only stuff I ever get on my,
from my email that's attached to my steam is just, uh, my purchase receipts.
And when I changed my password. So no, I don't think so. It got quiet.
I got nothing else to say. I'm eating popcorn. Okay. Hello LR. Well the theme music finished.
Yeah. Okay. You guys kept me company in Friday night traffic. So thank you for that.
You covered the recent Nintendo direct, but didn't even mention that a part of it that I
was personally most excited about the announcement of Rusty's real deal baseball.
This is the localization of Danameshi sports shop. A game I've really been enjoying on my
Japanese 3DS that I was really hoping for. In a nutshell, a former baseball player now broke
with 10 kids to feed runs a store that sells baseball themed Nintendo 4DS mini games. These
mini games are bought with real money and appear to be $4 each, but using items obtained in game
and some hackling skills, you can basically cut the price of each to between a buck 50 and $2.
You know what I just will say real quick. I totally did slip through the
cracks and didn't mention it last week. There was just a lot of info that came out of that
Nintendo direct, but thank you for bringing it up because that was a pretty big deal where the
real life price of items could be negotiated within the game. That is kind of a new little
twist. So thank you for bringing it up. It is worth mentioning cause it's, it's a little bit
new for DLC. The mini games themselves. Oh, where was I either were or feel like they were made by
WarioWare developers. Each mini game has 50 different challenges to complete and they're
insanely fun to play. Some are traditional like pressing A to hit a ball and others aren't like
the, uh, like tilting the 3DS upwards to catch a fly ball hit high into the air or stepping into
the shoes of an umpire calling ball strikes and more. You can buy everything there is for under
$20 and if this sort of game sounds fun to you, you absolutely will get your money's worth. I
definitely recommend it. Unlook is dismal Wii U outlook. I personally believe that there is one
thing that could turn, um, that could totally turn Wii U around. A brand new character driven
Nintendo developed IP that has such gorgeous graphics and great gameplay that everyone says
I need to have that. I don't think that this will be very likely to happen but I do want to believe
that Nintendo is still capable of creating compelling new characters in a brand new world
even if it's been years since they last did so. A Master System game that definitely didn't get
enough love over the years, Zillion, which I have covered Zillion by the way. I do believe I have
because, um, I talked about the anime too and that the Master System gun was actually the Zillion gun.
So I remember that. And this one's to me. Oh, to a guy friendzoning can be a bummer if the guy
actually wanted a deeper relationship with the girl. A deeper relationship doesn't always have
to mean sex and I've said it on the show tonight. Some of us think about other things too like who
we want to spend our futures with and my, my rebuttal with that is that I don't believe that
it's right to go after, to have, you know, what's the way to say this? A lot, a lot of the times you
run into the friendzone thing complaining about a girl that won't put out but at the same time
when you're looking for the person to spend the rest of your life with,
I don't always think that going into something with the expectation of long-term is healthy
to start a relationship off of from the very beginning.
Would it be fair to say just as a piece of general advice, and I'm not directing this at
the emailer, I'm just saying in general, a good piece of advice would be don't be creepy.
Yeah, don't be creepy. Because I'll be perfectly honest, you know, what, what attracted me to Dan,
we went into our relationship with no sort of long-term thing in mind. I mean, we were pretty
sure that we were going to stay together but we went into it without, you know,
we were friends first. That's what made us great and we are still friends but we also have a very,
very deep loving relationship but we were friends first.
Alan and I were friends on a website that's now archaic to many of you. We were friends on a site
called LiveJournal for four years and we were just LiveJournal pals because of the nature of
LiveJournal which is a very popular blogging site back in the day. Because the nature of
that site, we knew a lot of things about each other's lives but we just, we never met.
And then when we, we met at video games live of all things, it was kind of like,
oh, hey, we should like go out on a date sometime. All right, cool.
Yeah. Well, see, and that, that I think is ideal. You know, how many truly successful
relationships do you see coming out of people just getting together for the sake of romanticism?
If you're going to spend time with somebody who is going to become your, you know, your long-term
partner, it makes sense I think to have, what's the word I'm thinking of? To have a connection
to them on a personal level before you go any deeper. You know, you have to, you have to hit
the surface before you can, you know, go further. But you know what? There's also, there's also
something very important we have to bring up is different strokes for different folks. And
don't take that the wrong way, but some people hook up and spend the rest of their lives together
as a result. It happens. I mean, it just, I mean, so what dark soccer says that works for a lot of
people, but for some people, you know what? They, they do it. And then it's like, hey,
we should get married. It's just my point is don't go, this is, this is how I feel.
This is how I feel. And this is the advice that I would give based on how I feel. So don't take it
as me laying this down as absolute psychological doctrine, okay? But I think that going, that
meeting a person with the expectation, and this is a problem I actually have with a good friend
of mine who you know. Don't go into being friends with somebody with the expectation that you are
looking at your life partner. Don't go into meeting somebody with the expectation that
this is somebody that you're going to want to date, that that's your first thought. Value them
as a human being first. That was some good advice and gossip. Well, I'll tell you more about that
later. All right. Cause yeah, I, it made me really pissed off when I found out that that was going
on. I was, I'm still pissed off actually today. I really am. It really does anger me. Breathe in,
breathe out and get back to the emails if you could. Um, Rob, were you, were you trying out
Taiko no Tatsujin at Playland Japan? When you were trying out Taiko no Tatsujin at Playland Japan,
did you also try Bishibashi? I've played Bishibashi. No, I didn't cause we, we weren't
going to spend too much time there cause we were going to dinner before they closed. We got there
kind of late. If not, you need to go back. Maybe have someone show you. I nominate myself. Hit me
up as this can be arranged. All right. Well, let me know when you're in San Francisco next, buddy.
FlappyVog is hard and I think I need some game genie codes or something.
Please don't friendzone me at YYR. Talk to ActDeft. ActDeft is streaming the game on
Twitch and giving tips. And Bobby said, you have to hear Bobby's comments on it. He's like,
it's the most surreal thing I've experienced. And yeah, that's, that's awesome though. It's great.
Yeah. And for the record, I wasn't trying to go too much on the, the friendzone thing. It's
just that hits a bajillion bad, raw nerves for me. And it's being friends with somebody
should never be a bad thing. It should never be put in a negative light. I like being friends with
all of my friends and I like hating the people I really hate. I don't hate anybody really.
I'm friends with dark soccer and it's great. And I, and we're going to have a friend date.
Yes. We're going to, we're going to go on a date and there will not, no sex, no pressure.
No, because that now would be weird. That'd be beyond weird. That's like,
no, no, it's not in the dictionary. We're going to have a play date and play with Legos.
It would be like dividing by zero. Sex with you is dividing by zero.
I'm all creeped out now. You have to read the rest of the emails.
All right. Okay. I am the same person that got freaked out when I saw you playing spin the
bottle and kiss a girl. I was drinking. All right. Weren't you getting back to the emails
over there? It was, but, and you know, it's kind of funny because nevermind. Hey gang.
Oh, sorry. I have to say this. Black Wolf is in chat saying the guy who made bungee
ferret tossing said my game was hard. Has he not played his game? Oh, little, little shade there,
but I like it. Hey gang. I'm the type that loves a good story in a game. And if it has that I'm
hooked. I'm not the sappiest of guys, but I can tell you that after completing to the moon,
it was hard for me to tell my fiance about it without getting choked up. If you haven't played
it, do so. I know it's been out for a while yet. It was a game in my backlog that I've been
craving to complete. It's four hours long of 16 bit style graphics that has one of the most
amazing stories and soundtracks I've ever played through. This small little dev Freebird Games
keeps up the great work because this game was simply fantastic. Apparently they're doing a
kind of sequel called A Bird Story. Get your tissues and popcorn ready. That's from Travis.
And for the record, I am about halfway through to the moon, but I think I lost my save. So I'm
starting, I have to start over. And it really, I did, I did actually have to stop playing for
a little while and have a sob fit. I am like right where you are buddy, where it's like,
that game has been sitting in my backlog and I really need to play it. And I just haven't yet.
I will. That was a very good endorsement. It's such a good game. It really is such a good game.
Um, although I really put it more like in the realm of the visual novel, because there's not
really, you just walk around and explore. It's just the RPG part of it. Um, hi O.L.R. it's your
favorite email or raginator. That's what he said. It was a equal P. I mean a colon P. A raspberry.
Yeah. I just thought I'd send you a quick random question. If you were to stick, uh, Paul WS
Anderson, Uwe Boll and Jack Thompson into Gitmo for crimes against gaming and do some geek-centric
torture to them, what would that entail? Playing Yaris for 96 hours nonstop, play Superman 64.
Please give a reason for your answer. Thanks. Wait, what are my options again? Well, I think,
I think those are just suggestions. Oh, I thought that was a multiple choice question. Playing Yaris
for 96 hours nonstop, play Superman 64. What geek-centric answer version of torture? I would
make them listen to every episode of this program. So would I. I would make them listen to our drunk
show on repeat. While playing flappy vog. With, um, N.W.A. playing in the background, since it's
Thompson. Fair enough. Loki, do you have any idea for, for geek, uh, geek punishments? Geek
punishments? Yes, for these folks that have committed crimes against gay-manity.
I have no idea. And make them play, uh, dungeon. Was it, uh, what's that dungeon game that we
really hate now that EA just re-released again? Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I know what you're talking
about. Dungeon Master or something like that? Yeah, yeah. Have them play that in real time.
I do agree with SSJ100Matt, however. How about just ignoring them and not talking about them
ever again? That is the ultimate torture. Lock them in a house with Ed. Make them dress as Tingle.
Lock in a house, lock them in a house with Ed. That's a good answer. Ed and his jackhammer.
All right, fair enough. They have to go live with Ed. There was one last bit to the email. Oh,
this is, is this the official last email? Yes, there was one last bit to the same email. Oh,
one last bit to the same email. This email was brought to you by Yummy Delicious Bacon. Bacon,
all the things. Farmers of America are standing behind you. So that was it. Rageinator got the
last email. There it is. Yep, last email. And he ended it with a thought on bacon.
Very appropriate. Very appropriate. You know what? I finally had bacon jerky, Rob. Yeah,
how was it? Oh my God, it was good. All right. Uh, well, anyhow, after a long, uh, I don't know
what it's been like 12 years running, we are going to close a mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
But you know, what is this show all about? What is the thing we ask you guys to do every week?
What do we like to think kind of makes our show unique amongst all the podcasts out there?
That keyword is participation. So the new email address to reach our show is
participate at orangelaungeradio.com. But not precipitate.
Yes. Not to be confused. Because we don't want you to rain.
So the new email address to reach us and you can email us so we can read the comments next week.
Email us at participate at orangelaungeradio.com. There you go.
All right. So, uh, let's get to the FUs of the week because, uh,
not only do we invite your participation, but we also invite our anger.
So, um, my FU goes to dermatitis, which, um, I normally get dermatitis on my hands.
Um, usually if I've been using car soap or things, you know, but I've gotten into something else I'm
allergic to because now I've broken out like basically from the nose down to, um, the bottom
of my neck. And I don't know what I had, but it had to have been something I've eaten because I
only break out like that when I've eaten something I'm not supposed to have. And I can't remember
what it is. Although I did actually eat a piece of cheese that had sneaky red bell pepper in it.
And that made me sick too. So I know it's not kosher, but it's delicious. Uh, low key.
Uh, if he was really tall and really low bars and flappy bugs, I can't get past them.
That's when they're right. Um, here's a, here's a tip. Right. Click will dive.
Yeah. Dive usually ends up being die. Yeah, that's true. It's it's tough,
but that's, that's the only way you can do it. All right. Um, let's see my, a few of the week,
I don't have a lot of anxious cause you know, I'm going to be moving into a place that's twice
as big and that makes me so flipping happy. You guys don't even know, but F you to moving.
What a pain in the ass that's going to be, but we'll get through it. So that's my, a few of the
week. Uh, Lisa, what was I going to say? Flaco Jones is closer now. Yeah, I know. Flaco. Flaco
Jones was supposed to be here a couple of weeks ago, but he got sick. So he wasn't able to be
here. And I think, uh, seg is going to be with us live and in person. I think he's here next week.
It might've been two weeks, but I know he's here before the move. He'll probably be our last guest
in this studio and then we're going to move, but I expect that Flaco will be meeting us in the new
place. Uh, pretty early on had a great suggestion. What's that virtual boy gaming session for geek
torture. Oh, he'll have to play the Oculus rift legend of Zelda and beat it. That could be the
torture. All right. Anyway. Um, let's get into a couple more news stories for you guys and we'll
get to, uh, phone calls, uh, orange lounge radio on Skype, all one word or one eight seven seven
game OLR. But first we do have a couple quick stories for you guys. So there is a possibility
that final fantasy 15 will be out on PC as well as next gen platforms, which makes kind of sense
because they're going to be probably building it on PC anyways. And those two systems are very
PC friendly. It's very easy to port to it. So as they're saying, you know, um, you know,
let's not forget when we developed the final fantasy 13 series, all three titles at early
development were working on PC and then we had to port it to consoles as far as technology is
concerned, it would have been possible for us to make a PC version, but we decided against it for
two reasons. We looked at the market situation and we didn't think it would be a good idea. Also,
also, um, it would have involved a lot of complex issues like security. So we decided
not to do it this time around, but you know, they see the potential and, you know,
there's countries where that would be very, um, very popular. Plus they just
released final fantasy seven and eight and they've been doing pretty well. So maybe
well, I am following fantasy 14, I believe is doing all right for him on PC. Although
certainly it's very well received on consoles as well. So, uh, yeah,
I think final fantasy 15 on PC would make sense. Um, I would see it as like a version that comes
out a year or two later, maybe with DLC bundled in or something, but I could see it as something
that's going to happen. Oh God, DLC and final fantasy 15. Like I'm saying it cause y'all know,
it's going to happen. They've been dipping their toe in with 13, two and lightning returns. So
by the way, our chatters say hi to your cat Loki.
She's being an asshole because she wants to go out in the garage and I'm not gonna let her.
Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. One more story I've got for you guys. And it's about
NES remix. You know, um, the first game was, was okay. It was kind of one of those things where
it was a great concept, but some of the games that were included with it were kind of suck,
but, uh, it looks like the games that are going to be in NES remix too, are going to be a whole
lot better. Um, let's see here if I can get to the notes there. Uh, some of the games are talking
about there that are going to be in NES remix too are Kirby, um, Metroid, Super Mario brothers,
two Zelda, two punch out and so on. So there's a lot. Um, what they're also talking about in
the game is that there's going to be, um, a mode that actually does three rapid fire levels in
different NES games using the scoring system from the 1990 Nintendo world championships.
Now, if I remember right, that cartridge had Tetris and rad racer in it, which I won't expect
to see in this because of the Tetris licensing and the fact that rad racer was a square game.
But, um, they're going to set up competitions like that from these other NES games. That's
going to be really cool. Um, also there's a mode called championship mode. I think this is that
same mode. I I'm assuming because it is modeled off the world championships, but the mode will
require the first NES remix game. So we are going to see modes that integrate the two versions.
That's going to be very interesting. Did you see the one though that it combined like different
games together? Like they had one that was like, um, I think it was like adventure of link and they
had, um, the booze chasing after him. Uh, they did kind of some things like this in NES remix one
though, like you would play as link in donkey Kong, which was very annoying because link can't
jump. Um, but it was kind of like, I think it was more of like, uh, they tried it a little bit and
now they're taking it a step further. So it sounds like any S remix two will be a whole lot better.
So, uh, we'll see. It's going to be very interesting. So, um, that is going to be out soon
of note in Japan. They're actually going to get this as one bundle. Uh, Famicom remix one plus
two is going to come out as a game on store shelves on April 24th is when that's going to
come out. So, uh, that's pretty cool. Famicom remix one plus two in Japan on store shelves,
uh, April 24th for it looks like a 28 58 yen. Neat. All right. Uh, let's get to the calls.
That's it. We're going to open up the Skype line over. Oh shit. No, we're not because I don't even
have the Loki. You need to buy me time with the last minute story. I forgot to turn on the
Skype line. I'm so embarrassed. So there's a new mod that they're working on for Arma three. That's
um, basically adding dinosaurs in there. So they have some, uh, Arma three test animation for a
T-Rex running around and I guess it was to be like Jurassic park or something. Um, but Hey dinosaur,
I would love to see like a, a daisy type thing, but with dinosaurs instead of zombies,
that'd be a pretty creepy. Um, let's see what else here.
I have no idea. You know what, speaking of that, uh, retro, um, the Nintendo remix thing,
I can totally see them doing that and releasing that over here as well to pad the first party
content that they're releasing. So they can use that as an excuse to eat their stuff coming out
on, you know, with a Wii U. It's not just nothing. Um, Skype lines open. Sorry guys. I totally
screwed that up. Uh, but yes, Skype lines should be open. Am I actually signed in? Oh no, it says
we're offline. Let me fix that. I don't like using the iPad for this sometimes. All right,
now we're good to go. One eight seven seven game of LR or username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
Thank you chat room for razzing me over that. I'm not used to the iPad thing.
Loki, I miss you. Max's studio. No, it's fine. All right. Uh, was there any other
last minute stories that you had? Uh, that's it. Let me go to some Twitter topics while we wait
for some calls over at orange lounge radio on Skype. I know there were just a couple
Twitter topics for me to get to. Um, twitter.com slash O L R is the place where you can follow us.
And let's see. Um, sir, sort, I always mispronounce this name and I'm so sorry buddy,
but it's Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Surtur. Sends us a tweet
that says, is Loki O L R ever going to get a decent microphone headset? Well, I think we talked
about that a little bit earlier in the show. You sound a lot better tonight. There's, there's not
like the fidgetiness that we had last week. I don't hear that tonight. So that's good.
So we will get Loki back in studio soon, but you guys, he just had a baby. You guys, you guys.
It's a Sony, uh, was it a PlayStation 3 stereo headset? Oh, is it? I didn't know that. Yeah.
That's great. All right. Um, we have another tweet here from SSG100 Matt who, uh, sends us,
I've seen a lot about this, uh, the past couple of days. Netflix agrees to pay Comcast for direct,
in other words, non throttled connection. This doesn't set a good precedence. Yeah.
Apparently Netflix and Comcast reached an agreement where Netflix is going to get,
you know, their bandwidth won't be, you know, a lot of people were worried that, uh, with the
whole net neutrality falling through that Comcast would start blocking Netflix. But I think something
even worse has happened where now Netflix is paying up to get the preferential treatment.
This sucks. I, I, I, this is not good news. I'm sorry. I mean, I like my Netflix too. And,
you know, they shouldn't have to be paying for it. There should not be an agreement reached.
Where's net neutrality? Well, something actually came out from, um, you know, cause the whole, uh,
uh, I actually have the email somewhere in here, but they, uh, the white house actually did release
a response. Um, to invest, uh, about investigating. I just have to, uh, stop a moment and actually
look through it cause I didn't read the email all the way through. Well, but that's that good.
They do need to get involved and maybe, maybe com I think there's, I think Comcast is agreeing to do
this because somebody is going to bring up antitrust on Comcast because Comcast is trying
to buy time Warner and somebody was going to use Netflix as leverage that will Comcast prefers
their own movie services. So this is why they cock block Netflix. Well, now that they have
this agreement in place, no, they're not going to be able to say that when the antitrust lawsuit
comes down. Yeah. So I just, this makes me very nervous. I don't like this whatsoever. Um,
SSJ100 Matt says, who's to say that your favorite site or app won't attempt to cut back features
to avoid bandwidth overages and being throttled. You guys, they might come for your flappy vog and
then what are you going to do? What are you going to do when they come for flappy vog people?
What are you going to do? This is why we need net neutrality. I would still think that they would
see that as preferential since they have to pay to get past that, you know, blockage.
So I don't think it's really changed anything. If they all of a sudden said, Hey, yeah, we're not
going to, you know, throttle you guys then yeah, that could be a little bit more, you know, ammo
for the whole defense that, Oh, we're preferring one service over another and the antitrust and
stuff like that. SSJ100 Matt says Twitch is in trouble. Oh, you know, it Twitch is in big
trouble. I just, Oh, I hate, I hate it. It's so irritating to tell me, tell me where I've got to
go pick it at and I'm there. All right. Uh, Obiwan jabroni sends us a tweet twitter.com slash OLR
saying a Georgia teen holding a Nintendo Wii controller was shot by police. Good Lord. Did
you guys hear about this? Where I guess the teen was, let me see if I can get to the actual story,
but the teen was holding like a Nintendo Wii controller and it was, uh, you know,
in a threatening manner, I suppose. And he was shot by police because they thought it was a gun,
I guess. Was that the zapper? I don't believe it was the zapper and I'm sure it wasn't the zapper
cause no one owns that. According to his attorney, he did nothing more than answer the door while
holding a controller of a Nintendo Wii. The kid lived? Uh, that's coming from the guy's attorney.
Let's see. Um, I'm trying to know, uh, officer Faily shot the teen. I, I'm sorry. That's hitting
way too many plan to join the Marines after he finished school. No, no witnesses. Sorry. No
witnesses reported seeing the boy holding any weapons. Authorities won't say whether a weapon
was found on the scene. So that's just, I mean, again, this really doesn't have anything to do
with games though. I mean, yeah, it was a wiimote, but that is kind of inconsequential. It just has
to do more with, uh, abuse of power and basically living in a military state these days. Again,
uh, Orange Launch Radio on Skype, all one word or 1-877-GAME-OLR. I thought I saw a call come
through, but I was in the middle of my rant and I missed it. Sorry. Uh, act-dev tweets us and says,
uh, a dev promises steam keys if his game got greenlit, but he doesn't deliver on promise and
links us to a NeoGaf thread. So there's your disclaimer right there, but, uh, I don't see why
this would be, uh, illegitimate. Uh, what was the game for greenlit? Uh, the game was called Zombies,
which was getting a name change to corporate lifestyle simulator. Sorry. That is pretty funny.
Um, he made a greenlight promise apparently is that, um, you promise steam keys for all those
who have previously purchased the game. It's a great way to boost votes and ultimately get
your game on steam. Um, and apparently the game was greenlit and now the dev is backtracking.
There was a tweet that said, um, no site has ever agreed to provide me that list and I'm unwilling
to randomly give them thousands of keys because of new content and changes from the original game.
Steam keys will not be given out for anyone who bought zombies. And then there was an update,
more tweets. Um, wow. It sounds like he had a Twitter meltdown. We all love these. Uh,
there are a lot of scumbags out there and basically they win zombies will be released
on steam. You'll get your keys. That pretty much does it for my career in making games.
I promise keys to no one. The bundles did my contract state. Absolutely nothing about keys.
I wouldn't assign them if they did. Of course, this is a business and I want sales,
but understand that I'm now giving away free copies of the game, having never agreed to do so.
So anyways, now my iPad locked and I can see people are trying to call and I can't get to them.
Yeah. Technology. There we go. Finally, finally I can hit the button and take a call. Hi, you're
on orange launch radio. Who's this? It's Ron. And seriously, nobody's called in. I know. Well,
I missed one other call, but, uh, yeah, it's, it's, it's a little slower tonight. Who knows?
Who knows? Uh, by the way, just some quick comments from the chat. Um, uh,
Wade in the chat says that's the best name, corporate lifestyle simulator. I agree.
You know, for no other purpose, I got to give the developer props for that. Um,
nemesis 47 talking about the police and the Wiimote nemesis 47 says, I do normally support
the police. I do normally support the police. This case, the cop was in the wrong and if proven,
he'll serve his life in prison. Awesome unicorn says, I believe the cop was a female.
She was serving some sort of warrant against the father and immediately realized her mistake and
broke down. Not that that really changes what happened. So it's just still a,
I think a horrible precedent that the first instinct is no matter. I mean,
the gender is inconsequential. It doesn't matter. Like none of that matters. The fact that matters
is an innocent kid got shot and what allowed that to happen anyway? Sorry. Don't mean to take up
your time Rama, but appreciate the call. You're like wearing a robe or something. You're well,
it is later over there on the East coast. Well, yeah, cause I do have to get up at six
30 in the morning for work. So it could be a smoking jacket. Okay. Is that your smoking jacket?
Depends on what smoking is, you know, you stay up till four 20. All right. I always do.
Um, what else was going to ask you? Oh, the year of Luigi ending on March 18th. Are you,
are you, are you okay? Do you, do you. I'm fine with it. Here,
Luigi is going to go out with a blast for me because that's one of the reasons why I called in.
Please tell us, uh, please explain what, what, uh, what's the reason for your call tonight?
Well, ever since the whole black Luigi thing went up and running, I decided to work it for
what it's worth. So at cats con, I decided to debut a brand new cosplay. I can't think I have
any pictures of it, but I will put it together for photos. I decided to do Dr. Luigi. It's very
topical too, because Dr. Luigi of course was released on Wii U not that long ago. So I mean,
it makes sense. Yes. I thought I saw a picture of you as that somewhere. It was, it was awesome.
Might be, but this is what I did. I did these a little bit differently. What I did was I walked
around with my clipboard and a big box full of chocolates and gummy bears and this and that.
So every time I ran to any female cosplayers or whatever, I handed them chocolates and candies.
I said, here is a chocolate prescription Valentine from the good doctor.
Look at you trying to get some phone numbers. Look at you.
He could have been just being a gentleman.
Okay. Rob, have you been spying on my phone lately?
Bitch, I already know.
Also that night, you know, the big thing now with conventions is they're having
formals on Friday night. So I'm like, you know what? I'll throw something together.
I did a classic vintage Luigi. Yeah. We're talking the overalls and everything.
No more 20 seconds. Hold on for one second. Actually, let me see if I can grab it real quick.
Oh God. I love that I can get the visual here. Thanks to Skype. Apologies to the, uh, uh, you
know, everybody else basically, cause it is a radio show, but I'll try to describe it for you guys.
So, Oh, like a little, that's like a little pimp hat with the little Luigi mark.
Stripes suit and everything. And on the lapel of my, of my jacket,
instead of a normal flower had a nice little orange fire flower.
Wait, hold that hat up again. Nice.
Yeah. Dark soccer. I wanted to see it and I wanted to snap a picture of it. Thank you.
Say that over YouTube. I actually later actually send you to an actual picture of me in a full
outfit. Cause it was that I had a nice white, um, scarf with my name Luigi monogrammed on the side,
you know, and I'm pulling, I'm standing there and was like, you look like a gangster of like,
well, that's the thing that's kind of going for it is gangster.
I love, I love the idea of a dapper Luigi. That's very, uh, it's very awesome.
And here, here's the best part that I'm going to get out of here. I'm on the line for the
masquerade. No, for the formal. And there's two guys just as Mario and Luigi. And I walk
over to them. I'm like, this is nice to meet you. I'm from the Northeast part of the mushroom
kingdom. Don peach sends me down here to collect payment because the coins have been a little light
lately. And they're like, we're good. It's no problem. We'll take care of it. I'm like,
well, good because you don't want the Don to come down here with her giant hammer.
I love it. They said it was the best thing the whole week that they came across. I'm like,
I try. That's awesome. Well, I hope you find a dapper peach to go to the next con with.
So working on it, working on it. Sounds good. All right, buddy. Thanks so much for the call.
And, uh, you can always look forward to, uh, Ramas cosplay and, uh, anime con wrap-ups over at
anime jam session Tuesday nights here on vog one year running. Yeah. We actually talked about that.
I know. I know. I know. All right. All right. Take care, buddy. All right. You too, bro. All right.
Bye. All right. Thanks so much to our Rama for the call. Appreciate that. One eight seven seven
game OLR username on Skype is orange lounge radio. We can probably squeeze in about one more call
here. Um, actually for some weird reason tonight, we do have like a ton of tweets though. Like we
usually don't get this many tweets, but I'm okay with that. Oh, well, the Skype lines burning up
again. So we're going to go over to it and take some more calls in the Skype line. Hello. You're
on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, this is act deaf. Hey, how you doing buddy? Really good.
Really good. Enjoying my top scores on flappy vog. You're really great on that. You are dominating
in flappy vog. They should just call the game flappy deft because act flappy act act. Oh my
God. I think that's your new name act flappy. No, I did at least for a night. All right. Act flappy.
What's the trick to high scores in flappy vog. Well, I actually did a stream of it yesterday.
Bobby talked about it on his show. Yeah. And yeah, I was talking about, uh, a strategy
I use for flappy vog and pretty much almost every flappy bird clone out there, uh, it's have a
rhythm. Yeah. That's basically it. So yeah, you have, you have to have, uh, how to get a rhythm
going. So it's basically a steady click. And I was talking, uh, saying yesterday in the stream, uh,
about that because some of the walls, uh, really changed the pattern and,
and it gets really difficult, especially with the, with the speed increasing. Yep. So yeah,
it gets really hard, uh, on the later, later scores or later, uh, later walls. Yeah. Do you,
do you know when I first played the game, I told Bobby, this is too easy. And then he told me,
did you notice the speed increases? And I was like, Oh, that's why I keep ending at a certain
point. I was like, the scores I'm getting are too high every time. And he's like, yeah, it ends. Oh,
okay. And then I noticed it and I was like, okay, yeah, this is going to screw people up when they
get too far. So yeah, the first, uh, probably 40 levels or three walls, you don't notice that the,
the speed increasing after that you'll notice it. And by 60, it, it increases really,
really rapidly by 80 and even 100. It gets crazy. I can't even believe you broke a hundred. That's
crazy. Well, here's the question I've got to ask you about flappy vog is, is who's your favorite
character? Oh God, I love them all. Uh, they're all great. And I really cannot choose. Of course.
Character pack, uh, that was released today. Uh, I do, I love the grandpa's.
Yeah. And you said it on Bobby then it's because the, uh, how he says it, like he wants to,
to do something like really, uh, at least, uh, be more enthusiastic, but he has like a release.
Uh, I don't want to disturb another people, another person that, yeah, it's, it's hilarious.
It's hilarious. I like vodka. Yeah. Any I'm going, I'm going to get the nastiest text message from
grandpa tomorrow. I already know, but, but Hey, you know what people, people are loving it. People
are loving it. By the way, Alan, Alan alchemy is in chat saying such a diplomatic answer for
Mac Deft. What a cop out. No, I S that's, we love, we love diplomatic cop out answers. You did,
you did call out grandpa. So that's, I'll say that. So, uh, that, well, and in other,
in other stuff, uh, well, uh, have you seen the, the newest humble bundle? I have. I'm pretty sure
you have talked about it. Yeah. We, we brought it up a little earlier in the show in rapid fire news,
but it's, it's great. Obviously, you know, Guacamelee right there is the, the, the whole
reason to get the pat in my opinion. But I mean, there's lots of other great games there too, but
the fact that they're also cheap, I mean, and for a good cause you can have it all go to charity.
It's great. Heck I, I own four, uh, four of the six games on there and I still bought it because
it's a really great value and the games are, are really good. Dust. I love dust. Everybody
should play that. Get the bundle and play that first. Then play Guacamelee, then play the rest.
The rest of the games are really awesome. Also Antichamber. It's a really weird game. Uh, if you
like portal and NASA trips, that's the game for you. All right. Very cool. Well, um, anything else
on your mind tonight, buddy? Well, that's all. Uh, I, I maybe do another stream. I'm happy
about, uh, night. So, uh, possibly that. All right. Well hopefully Comcast won't shut Twitch
down tonight. Uh, but check that out. Act F stream of flappy vog. Love it. That's great.
And a Black Wolf saying in chat next week's character pack will be the last. So, you know,
as much as this has been dominating the talk of the show the past couple of weeks,
we know when a joke needs to die. We know when Ed needs to go home and get, be put out to pasture.
So, and even, and even then the game will still be, uh, still be there and still be fun. So
exactly. That's a great way to look at it. Act F. Thank you very much. All right, buddy. I'm
going to let you go so we can try to sneak in one more call to have a good one. Okay, buddy.
Hey, thanks for having me. All right. Thanks. Bye. All right. That was Act F to everybody. And,
uh, we're going to go to the phones one more time. Uh, take one more call. I see a couple
calls trying to get through. So, uh, try again now that Act F is off the line. 1-877-GAMO-LR
or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Uh, I had one, I had one more tweet here. Oh,
I guess I'm never going to get to this tweet because we're getting one more call,
but that's okay. I don't mind taking more calls here. We'll get to the tweets a little later.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? Hey, this is For the Fallen Dreams from North
Carolina. Hey, For the Fallen Dreams. I recognize your name from, uh, chat and emails and all that.
What's up, buddy? Not much, man. Yeah, I'm not in chat much just because, you know, the east coast
and it's getting close to midnight now, but, uh, I had some extra time, so I thought I'd call in
and just say, you know, what's up. Also kind of wanted to get some, uh, input, uh, from y'all on
a particular subject. Like, I'm kind of getting back into building up a PC and getting into the
PC gaming scene because it's kind of been on and off for me. You know, sometimes I'm a console
gamer for a couple years and I'm PC. My question kind of is for y'all, you know, what's the deciding
factor, um, if you're going to get a game, you know, what are some deciding factors if you're
going to get a game on console or if you're going to go for it on PC? Because I know a lot of times
it's, it's compatibility. It's, you know, do I want to play it with friends? Um, you know, just
what plays better on PC version or console? I'm just kind of curious as to what your input is on
that. That's a great question. What goes into the decision if you're going to get a game? And I'm
going to pose this to our chat room as well. I'm going to, uh, pose this chat. Um, what goes into
a decision for you to buy something on a computer or PC versus, versus buying it on console if you
have both and things are available for both? Um, I think certainly you hit on a big one about where
your friends are playing. Um, I was playing Mass Effect 3 on Xbox and I bought the PC version just
so I could play multiplayer with friends. Granted, I waited for a sale, but that was a big thing with
it. Dark Sakura? Um, for me, it's, is it on PC? Yeah. Okay. I'm getting that one. So you always
default to PC. Why? Because of my hand. I have a hard time with controller. I mean, I use an
Xbox controller to play Skullgirls, but if I have an option to play with keyboard and mouse, um,
it hurts my hand less because I have a thumb track ball. Right. So that's easier for me. Well, I was
going to say that control is a big thing too. Controller versus keyboard and mouse, um, has
always, you know, historically gone into the decision, which, you know, do you prefer for
first person shooters and some, some of those types of games, uh, and a game like Diablo 3,
which I talked about earlier, plays very differently depending on which you, you know,
way you want to do it. So you have to kind of weigh that decision. Um, although the worlds
are coming closer together, Final Fantasy 14 on PlayStation 4 allows you to use keyboard and mouse.
It's like playing the PC version. There's also the customization thing like for games that are
eventually moddable and hackable, like all of the bajillion mods I have for Skyrim or, um, all of
the mods I've personally done for Mass Effect 3. So you haven't modded Skyrim enough unless you
have the engines from Thomas the Tank in there. No, I'm not going to do that because I would
actually like to play the game. I like the, uh, one where it turns the big dragons into Macho Man.
Oh yeah. That's my favorite. Every time I think that's a big seller. Um, just the fact that so
many different types of mods come out on PC as opposed to console. I mean, they both have their
pros and cons, but for me, that is a big selling point is, is, you know, what mods are available
for it. You know, like with, uh, ARMA, you had a mod called DayZ, which got so much attention that
it's now in its standalone alpha stages. Um, that's a great point is do you want to mod it,
but on the, on the flip side, just to stick up for consoles a little bit with consoles,
you know, sometimes the fact that you can't mod it actually ends up being a good thing. And I'm
speaking more about more the bench line that, you know, you know, when a game's going to play
on console, it's going to be smooth and you're not going to run into any of those issues. Like,
didn't you say Dark Soccer, when you're trying to do Strider on like Dan's one PC, it wouldn't work.
Which he was dumb and had it hooked up to his, uh, three monitor rig, which he already had the
resolution set for three monitors. So it's his own fault for not hooking it up to a single monitor.
Right. I think they all also, another pro that consoles have is just that seamless interface
you have, you know, when you get that game, you've got that disc, you pop it in the console,
it's going to run. Most of the frame rate issues are taken care of with, right, right. But you
know, on PC, there is a bit of, of Twinkie tweak, excuse me, tweaking and tinkering that goes along
with it, which granted a lot of people see as a pro in itself, just because I mean, that's just,
that's just the thing to do on PCs. Just, just tailor it to your needs, how you want the game
to play, how you want the game to look. And it is honestly addicting in and of itself. So, um,
going to the chat room for some of their answers, uh, Shane Alinko says trophies.
You don't necessarily have the whole achievement systems on PC, although steam kind of has that,
but I don't know, it's a little different between trophies and steam, uh, act deft and chat says
console equals local multiplayer. Yeah. You'd never see a game like Mario 3d world done on PC.
That's an experience that really can only be done on console. So that's, that's a true one. Um,
let's see. Dungeon buster says if my PC would have run Skyrim, I would have gone that route.
Instead I went console just to be able to play it. However, um, some, I actually did find that
the interface for Skyrim being able to mod your interface, especially your menus,
makes it far easier to play. Yeah. And Skyrim itself though, wasn't really, uh,
for, you know, for a lot of, um, PC games, they'll have them be, uh, friendlier towards one card or
another, have them be optimized and Skyrim was released as I recall without any optimization
for PC. Right. And that's just the thing, the ability to, you know, tailor a PC game to your
needs, your play style, you know, like I was saying, how, how it looks is, is definitely one
of the, one of the bigger pros of being PC grand. You have the cons, like, uh, sometimes you don't
have it on graphics card, you got to upgrade, you've got to tweak. But, uh, yeah, to me,
it's just like, I'm, I'm neither here nor there. Like as of recently, I'm, I'm in the stages of
building a PC. And that's just cause as of right now, never next gen consoles are actually current
gen consoles rather, um, are really piquing my interest. You know, I, I take a look at it and
I'm like, wow, you know, I could build a system with better specs than that. And, and, you know,
also just on a side note, like certain games are just cheaper to, you know,
go on the steam marketplace, download it, have it instantly as opposed to going out and buying
it on this. There's definitely a lot to consider. And I think this is a great debate. That's going
to go on for a very long time. It won't be solved this generation, uh, for the fallen dreams. I got
to let you go so I can wrap up the show, but thank you so much for calling into the show. Don't be a
stranger. No worries. Thanks for staying up late. All right. Take care. All right. Take care, buddy.
Bye. I'm always impressed with you East coasters that, uh, listen to the live show. Cause I know
you guys have to stay up really late. Um, so thank you guys for doing that. Uh, anyhow,
we are going to go ahead and close up the Skype line. I'm sorry. It's so funny. Like nobody called
in at first. And then after the first call, it's like the dam broke and everybody was trying to
call in. So I'm sorry to those that didn't get through, please consider emailing us,
participate at orange laundry.com is our new mailbag where you can, um, send an email with
your thoughts. I did have one more tweet. I had been trying to get to this whole time
for the record, by the way, we did pick up something for my computer today.
We picked up, um, a new sound card. Oh, uh, sound blaster auto GFX. Nice. So that I can actually
start recording the, you know, what you hear stuff. Oh, okay. So somebody might be working
on a new podcast soon. Somebody might, I might be, I might, I need to get my old mic. All right. Uh,
tiger claw sends us the last tweet I'm going to do tonight where Sony pictures and the producer of
the social network are planning a feature film about Sega versus Nintendo. And apparently there's
a book out there called console Wars by Blake J. Harris that talks about Sega, Nintendo, and the
back. I didn't even know this was a book. Now I kind of want to read it just cause I don't know.
I like, I like reading these kinds of things, even though, you know, we all live through it,
but yeah, Sony pictures, apparently, uh, doing this as a movie, calling it a behind the scenes
business thriller. This could be interesting. Uh, Chronicles how Sega, a small scrappy gaming
company led by an unlikely visionary and a team of team of rebels took on the juggernaut Nintendo
and revolutionize the video game industry. Scrappy, scrappy, happy, scrappy. Yeah, but,
um, wasn't it, there was that manga and the anime that came out from it. That's,
you know, loosely based on the Nintendo Sega wars, uh, second intuition day.
It's actually pretty funny. All right. Well, um, that's going to do it for the skyline and
that's going to do it for the Twitter. Thank you guys so much for participating with us this week.
Uh, we are about ready to wrap things up though for the night. Uh, unless Loki,
I don't know if you had any other last minute stories, Loki, while we were doing those calls,
but, uh, no, no last minute stories other than the baby pooping on stuff.
Oh, congratulations. They poop on everything. They poop on people. At least, you know,
everything's working. It's like a bird. Yeah. At least you know, everything's working in there.
That's the sign. All right. Anyhow, it is time for us to wrap up the show because it is after
midnight for you folks on the East coast is time for us to say good night. I really want to thank
you guys though, for tuning into the show and supporting the show. You know what we say every
week. If you like what you hear here at orange launch radio, please tell a friend or two about
the show. Help us spread the word about orange launch radio, because again, you know, we have
been doing this for 541 episodes now, but, uh, you know, you, you guys being here, you know,
we might not be the biggest podcast on the block and that's fine, but you guys being here are
really the motivation. So help us grow our family by telling a friend or two about the show and,
um, yeah, we'll be back next week to do it again. Um, also another way you can spread the word.
If you don't have a lot of friends, you think would dig the show. We always can use nice
reviews on iTunes and Stitcher radio. Those go a long, long way in helping, uh, get our exposure
amped up a little bit on both those sites. So please, please take five minutes to write a nice
little review on either iTunes or Stitcher. It is so, so, uh, appreciated and love. Thank you very
much. All right. Um, before we pull the plug on everything, let's go around and get everybody's
final thought for tonight. Dark soccer. I'm going to start with you ladies first, your final thought
for tonight. Itchy, scratchy, tasty, itchy, just itchy. It needs to stop. Don't you remember from
long time ago? Itchy, ugly face. So shot him. Itchy, tasty. Uh, my final thought for the week
or for, for tonight's show is I, I really need to stop fucking around and play more bravely default.
It has been sitting on its butt for a week and I really need to, uh, not have that happen anymore.
I'm saying Merger Gerger at myself, dark soccer tried to swipe the copy jokes on you. The game's
not in there. I think you'd get Pokemon X cause I'm, I'm that guy that puts the cartridges in the
wrong game cases. What is it? Pokemon Y. I don't even know what Pokemon I have. How sad is that?
I have X, so it doesn't matter. All right. Uh, last but not least, Loki, your final thought
tonight. My final thought is my cat's being loud. Your cat's being what? Being loud. Give kitty
pettings from all of us here at OLR. That makes me want to go cuddle with Sanrio.
All right, everybody. That's it. Have a wonderful night and, uh, thanks for listening to Orange
Lounge Radio. We really appreciate it. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio. Good
night. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of
OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
