Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week a big box store chain cuts back on gaming displays while still selling lethal weapons one aisle away from bikes and children's toys. Truly the arbiter of morality.
This is just one story we've heard too many times before. Stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 788 for this August the 11th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me here in studio live at Twitch TV.
Twitch TV slash VOG Network. The voice of Geeks Network.
Joining me here in studio is Techmaster Loki.
Yes, it's me. The guy that's shutting down all the background processes because I neglected to bring my power adapter for my laptop.
You're gonna have to vamp with the camera tonight.
It literally is gonna eat the battery in like no time flat.
You guys don't know like how much Loki multitasks. Well, you probably do know if you watch the show before you can usually see his head buried in a laptop.
And you know, he's on task. It's not like you're sitting there watching porn.
But you're, I don't think, but you know, you're looking at stories, last minute stories, things related to gaming.
Or I've seen you working on your game. Like I feel like you get more work done on your game here at OLR.
No, I don't work on it here.
Yeah, crazy. So yeah, so unfortunately your laptop battery seems to be dying.
Yeah, it's because I was stupid and it's because my kids were distracting me when I was packing up everything before I came over here.
So I did unplug it and wrap it up and set it down and then left. So, oh well.
Things happen sometimes. It's okay. So you're gonna try your best to get through the show.
Got my phone.
Yeah, you have the good old phone back up. We can find you a charger for that if need be.
Why haven't I introduced Dark Sakura? She's, we adore her. She's still very much a part of OLR, just not tonight.
So Dark Sakura's not with us tonight. She is at a Weird Al Yankovic concert.
Admitting word crimes.
Here in town. Weird Al Yankovic is in town. I'm kind of jealous. I would have liked to have gone to that.
I had no idea that it was happening tonight. But a fine excuse to miss OLR, honestly.
Like, I can't be mad. Like, I almost missed this show for Carly Rae Jepsen.
So it's only fair that she misses the show for Weird Al Yankovic. It's fine.
So we'll be back, or she will be back next week.
But we're here with you guys tonight in studio over at, again, Twitch TV slash vlog network,
where we do tape live every Sunday night at about six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Yeah. So you guys can join us in chat there. Bobby Black Wolf points out, actually,
he's probably performing word crimes right now. I've missed a show for Weird Al a few months back.
It's totally acceptable.
At Rum Jump Stomp saying Weird Al is the best concert I've ever been to.
I haven't seen Weird Al in concert. I feel like I'm missing out.
I have not either. And someday, maybe.
Who have I seen? I've seen a lot of good shows this year.
I mean, you know, I love my pop diva queens. So, you know, Carly Rae Jepsen was an amazing show, if you're into that.
I saw Robin earlier this year, which was phenomenal.
I've had the fortune of seeing some good concerts this year. So, yeah, I don't know.
I don't know if I've been to a lot of bad concerts. I've seen bad bands at concerts,
but I haven't seen just a lot of straight up bad concerts. Like, I've seen bad openers.
I can't think of the last concert I actually went to.
What about video game related concerts? How about this site?
And I'll ask you guys in chat, what video game concerts have you been to?
Well, the only one I went to is that Final Fantasy one, one year, I think.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure I've told this story on the show before.
And in fact, it might have been less than a month ago, but Alan and I, my husband Alan and I,
met in person for the first time at Video Games Live in Oakland,
the Tommy Tallarico show that travels around and, you know, has been everywhere in the past few years.
That was actually, we knew each other online on a site called LiveJournal for years and years,
but we actually met for the first time in person at a video game concert.
So, video games are part of the reason I'm in the home situation I'm in today, which is pretty cool.
And I would say, though, recently one concert I remember going to that I loved was when I was,
it was MAGFest, because MAGFest is, right, music and games.
I had a great time at MAGFest a couple of years I went.
And one of the years I went, they actually had somebody playing the game,
or there's some buddies, they pass it off every now and then,
but they were playing the game Journey, right?
Not about the 80s band, but the more recent artistic game for the PlayStation 3 and 4,
Journey, they were playing that with a live orchestra playing the music.
Oh, that's cool.
And it was, to quote a Keanu Reeves term, breathtaking.
So, it really was. There's no other word to describe it. It was an amazing concert. I love that.
So, yeah.
ActDef saying, my last video game concert was Capcom Live quite a few years ago.
Bobby Blackwolf saying, shame it's the first weekend in January regarding MAGFest.
Yeah, that timing, you know, I just know I won't be able to get back to MAGFest for a couple of years.
I'd love to go back.
Well, there's also MAGWest, which, gosh, if MAGWest wasn't this weekend,
then it's happening really soon because MAGWest, it was the week before Dragon Con,
but I think it's like two weeks before.
It's like either this weekend or next weekend. It's coming up real soon.
I always mean to get out there, but it's just, yeah, summer, a lot of busy weekends in the summer,
I usually end up with other commitments and so forth.
So, that happens.
So, I would love to see, you know, there's a lot of good musical performances at Dragon Con.
I don't remember if there's a lot of video game related things directly
because Dragon Con is more of a general nerd convention,
but I'm sure there's video game influence stuff.
I just haven't made my way down the halls to find yet.
So, but I'll talk more about Dragon Con in a little bit.
But first, we're going to get into tonight's kickoff topic.
So, some video game news, big, big change going on in the industry.
This is pretty huge.
Yeah, they're taking hints from all the regulation that's coming down the pipeline.
Apparently, the ESA made a statement saying that, hey, guess what?
Microsoft's Nintendo and Sony, they've all agreed on one thing,
and that is that they're going to make sure that on their platforms,
you know what the odds are for random loot boxes.
So, you'll actually be able to see what the odds are for specific games
and what they're going to feature and the rarities of different items
that you may get and probabilities and whatnot.
So, that's going to apply to new games and game updates that add loot box features,
and it would require the disclosure of the relative rarity or probabilities.
Now, I don't want to be that guy, but I'm going to be that guy,
because I feel like when we talked about loot boxes here on OLR,
when this controversy was breaking,
when it was really hitting a fever pitch around the legislation,
I want to say about six weeks ago,
when it looked like it might actually make its way to Congress and so forth,
I want to say that I said, you know who could fix this problem,
and you know who could stop this before it goes to the government
and the government makes the wrong decision,
because no matter where you are politically, I'm pretty sure we can all agree,
the government would have made the wrong decision on this.
At least this government.
Yeah, at least this government.
Maybe other governments would have done better.
But anyway, I believe I said, who could fix this?
Microsoft could fix this. Nintendo could fix this. Sony could fix this.
Now, the gag I didn't predict was that they would all do it together.
That's a gag. I did not see that one coming.
But I thought, oh, I kind of figured,
I thought Microsoft would be the first,
just because they do have involvement on PC and so forth,
that they would do something on their marketplace,
because I remember making the joke,
Nintendo would be last to the table, because hello, Nintendo went online.
So I remember this topic coming up.
But it is pretty, you know, it's funny,
because I also feel like that's been a running theme,
is that, you know, all these game companies kind of working together
for greater good all of a sudden, right?
We had a story just a few weeks ago about Sony and Microsoft
teaming up on cloud gaming in some regard, right?
So is the smoosh cameo actually happening on the stream?
You can see his head.
Just a little bit. Maybe if you let him walk in a little more.
He might hop up on that table. Who knows?
But anyway, not to distract too much from our podcast listeners,
but you know a smoosh cameo is always going to distract us here on OilOck.
Why did you stop petting me?
So anyway, it's really something that they've all kind of banded together in a way.
So there was the cloud gaming thing, but now there's this.
All three have come together to essentially end the loop box.
I mean, I don't know. Would you say this is the end?
Like, where do we go from here?
It's not the end. It's just now they're like, well, look, see,
we're being transparent about the randomization on it.
So that's why it's okay. See, we're being good.
Yeah, I gotcha.
It's not gambling, except it is.
Yeah. Well, but now it's less gambling now that you know the odds up front.
So there you go.
There you go. Hey, this is the moment you've been waiting for.
Look at that.
He is full on taking over now that Jamie's not here.
So center stage is going to clean himself right there.
Usually, her stuff is all up on this table here,
but Mr. Smoosh has just decided to make it its home tonight.
I can't wait till we get into gaming weeks,
because this fucking cat has done so much this week with gaming.
But anyway, I'll get to it. I'll get to it.
So anyway, but yeah, so it's interesting that all three have banded together.
But you don't think this is the end?
No, it's never the end.
It's not the end.
It's too much money to be the end.
Where do we go from here?
Do we think the amount of loop boxes will decrease
because we're seeing these companies take a stand?
Does this make it get bigger or what?
I think it's just not going to really affect anything.
I think it's just now making it more acceptable in the eyes of the publishers.
It's like because, oh hey, but we're letting you know what the odds are.
So you're making a decision to buy that.
You know what the odds are.
You're making the decision to do that.
Right.
Do you think more games adopt loop boxes,
or do you think we see this continued stepping back trend?
Because I think there's a quick little follow-up on this, right?
I think there's a fine line.
It's the same offenders that keep doing this,
and it's putting loop boxes in games that really don't need to have them
or putting them in there after the fact,
like Activision adding them to Crash Team Racing
after the game's been reviewed.
It's like, oh yeah, now we put it in there.
Ha, you already reviewed the game.
It's too late now.
You bought the game.
Now they're in there.
So I don't know.
But we do have a story about one game getting rid of loop boxes, right?
This is true, yes.
So Rocket League is getting rid of loop boxes.
That's right.
So they're going the route because, you may remember,
the parent company of Rocket League did get purchased by Epic Games,
so now they're taking their loop boxes
and actually doing a kind of loop system that's similar to Fortnite
in the sense that you'll kind of have a path laid out of,
like, here's the stuff you're going to unlock,
kind of like their season passes that they're going to have,
or they don't call them season passes.
They call them, like, battle passes or, like, their seasons that they have.
So that's how they're doing it.
So there's going to be transparency there,
but it's not going to be random loop boxes.
Now RumJumpStomp in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork says,
a lot of people are really angry about Rocket League removing crates
because of the effect it will have on the trading economy.
Oh, well, that's just, you know, it's for the great.
It's for the greater good that these things are gone.
Too bad for your economy.
I don't know, it's not a game I have really a stake in, so, yeah.
No, but I mean, if it was, let's, you know, this could be happening in any game.
You know what, it doesn't matter.
Whatever someone does, it's going to offend somebody.
So, what are you going to do?
Well, I think it's going to be interesting to see how this plays out from here.
I do think the trend of removing loop boxes,
I mean, you've seen Fortnite kind of do the more x-ray thing,
so it's like a different, it's not so much like the gambling mechanic
as it is you know what you're buying up front.
Like those types of like bundle packs and things of that nature,
they're never going to go away.
But I think the randomization,
the things that could even have that appearance of gambling,
you know, now that we know the odds and so forth,
I just feel like these things are going to take a downward trend overall.
Well, and with the Fortnite stuff, I mean, at least that,
with their like battle passes or whatever they call them,
you can, if you play the game enough or you can play it well enough,
you can actually earn enough credits to buy it with in-game money
each time and kind of keep that rolling.
So I think that's kind of cool that you can do that.
Yeah.
Don't know if they'll have something similar with Rocket League,
but we'll see.
We'll see, indeed.
Some other comments from chat.
Spyro Jonathan says, Loki is so right about that with CTR Nitro Fueled
and the microtransactions were not ever advertised to be in the game
when it was released.
That does kind of make it feel right.
Well, it's Activision though.
I mean, Modern Warfare, the game that they put out,
it's a remaster, let's throw some of that shit in there
because that's what people want.
They're just going to do it because they make money off of it
and you'll bitch and moan about it,
but in the end, people buy them and they make money off of it,
so they don't care.
Interesting comment from Questbuster.
Questbuster says, reminds me when Valve accidentally crashed
their Team Fortress 2 rare hat economy by accidentally making
certain ones drop like crazy with the patch.
Yeah, that was recently.
Yeah, and that is interesting when like, you know,
a bug or something happens there that kind of shoots the economy in the foot.
It's kind of interesting.
Well, that economy is also what's getting legislature.
You know, if you have random loot boxes and there's a monetary value
associated with that loot that you have,
that's a problem because that'd be gambling.
Kaijuto in chat says, Rocket League used to have a slot machine
like Roll when you opened a loot box.
They took it out like months ago, so they've been working on removing
the random loot stuff before this news.
Oh yeah, no, I don't think like this.
Yeah, it's more just kind of a coincidence in timing.
It's one of those timing things where I think together we see that loot boxes,
you know, it's changing drastically and it's, I think, in large part
because of, good job EA and Battlefront 2.
Like, if you can point at a reason and go,
that was the day that loot boxes died.
That game really started everybody getting pissed off at those.
EA is their own worst enemy.
Because when it was Mass Effect 3 and the type of thing they did there,
I remember the early days, that didn't seem so agitating, I think.
But I think that was because it really wasn't hard to earn enough
in-game currency to open your own loot boxes.
It was just that money was for the impatient, you know what I mean?
So, but then, you know, more companies realized,
oh, people will pay more money.
And then, oh, you're paying money on a $60 game.
Let's do more money on top of that to play as Darth Vader.
You know, so anyway.
Yeah.
All right. Well, let's move on.
We'll see what develops in the coming weeks with this whole loot box thing.
But this time next year, at least we're going to know all the odds on it.
I will say one game that, you know, I play a bit of is Overwatch.
And, you know, that game is a huge game on loot boxes.
Now, they're all cosmetics, so I think Blizzard usually tends to dodge
the bullets when it comes to this discussion in the industry about loot boxes
because, you know, the balance of Blizzard's game is not impacted by the loot boxes in it.
But it is going to be interesting to see a game of that caliber
because they said Blizzard was in on this, right?
So they're going to end up disclosing the percentage of, you know,
if you get a gold or a purple or what have you.
So it'd be very interesting.
Yeah.
All right. Anyway.
Well, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks
and the types of video games or other games, as the case may be, I'll get into,
that we have been playing this week. So, Loki.
So I've been playing more Pokemon Go because the reason I haven't had my gotcha
for the few weeks is I couldn't find the charging cable for it
for like the longest time. And so I finally found it and it's charged
and now I'm wearing it.
So I've been playing a little bit of Pokemon Go
and I did one of the Team Rocket fights or whatever
and then I couldn't catch the piece of crap, you know, Charmander
or whatever they wanted me to catch after that.
So that was a little annoying.
What else?
I played a little bit of the Jurassic Park arcade game
because I was in arcade because we went to play more laser tag at yet another place.
So actually I went back to an old stomping ground that we used to go to,
Country Club Lanes, where they used to have 5th Mix back in the day
and we used to play it from like midnight to three in the morning.
Man, DDR 5th Mix was one of the best soundtracks.
It was great.
That techno remix of the Neverending Story.
Now that arcade is full of just the biggest,
just the same game to see at every goddamn arcade.
So Jurassic Park, the ride, our Jurassic Park game they had there was pretty cool.
It was a little bit different of a cabinet because they have,
it actually, the seat moved when you're playing the game.
So it was a little bit more enhanced.
But it's just, it's such a, it's such a sign like,
what happened to all this?
Sorry, but speaking of dance games, quick tangent,
I'm sure you, I think I saw you post about that video.
So there was like a tournament at round one in the Bay Area.
Yes, the night motion.
Yeah, they did a dance rush stardom tournament
and that routine with the couple that was,
Awesome.
Darted Seer, somebody can you find that video and link it in our chat?
Cause I know you have to know what I'm talking about.
It's in my Twitter.
But there's, oh yeah, it's on your Twitter feed.
That's right.
But, um, that routine of that, that couple and what they were doing,
I get like, I don't totally understand.
Dance rush was so weird for me to say, cause I was, I used to love,
but I still do love Bawani. It has a place.
I would love to have one of those machines, but I would love to have one.
But like watching them do that routine, that was unreal.
That was amazing. Props to those guys.
I don't even know their names, but props to them.
That was certainly from Sacramento too. Shut up. Really? Yeah.
Should get them on the show. What the hell are we thinking?
Loki, what are we doing with our lives?
All right, no, we need to get them on the show at some point.
Open invite if you guys are out there. Yeah.
So yeah, that's cool.
So yeah. So, uh, now I have played at all of the laser tag places,
except for one in Elk Grove, um, that are in the Sacramento area.
And so we actually played laser X today because we had gone to that arcade
for so many times and laser X has been there since as long as I can remember.
Long time. Long time.
I think they've updated it since we were going there.
But, um, so I've actually played that system before at this other place
in Roseville, but they have, it's like slightly older. Um, it was okay.
I don't really like it too much. Um, so then we went back to the usual one.
We go to jazz tag and I played a game there.
I've just feels more like keys are to me. Whereas the, um,
the zone laser tech system, Helios one that they've got over there.
It's just, it's just all of it's very like kind of cheap feeling it.
The packs feel very cheap. The sound effects sound really shitty.
This the way that like, it doesn't seem very accurate.
It's just all of it feels really cheap,
but they just had an international tournament like in the Netherlands,
just not too long ago, like very recent for zone.
So it's very popular out there, but I don't know. Um, so yeah,
so that's pretty much is just laser tag and Pokemon go.
I'm working on game dev stuff cause I've been actually doing that this week.
All right. So my gaming week,
so I've been talking for several weeks about fakie survivor, right?
And the fake survivor game I've been playing with that started with 22
people. Um, so that survivor game was actually supposed to end tonight.
Tonight was supposed to be the last night.
It was going to be the final tribal council and all that stuff.
They couldn't do it tonight. You know why?
Cause I got too far in the game and I have this show as a commitment.
So they actually had to bump it to Monday night. I think one of the other,
one of the other girls that got really far also had some scheduling
problems. I can't really take all the credit. Um, but uh, yeah,
so they actually it's ending tomorrow. And um, so, you know, last,
I think the last update I gave you guys, I was in the final six, right? Yeah.
So a lot happened. Okay.
I found a hidden immunity idol and I knew it on the last episode,
but I couldn't say anything about it.
Cause I don't know who's watching played the hidden immunity idol at final
six erased three votes that were for me,
sent the other person home that got three votes on them during the immunity
challenge, which involved,
I had to have my camera on the floor because we had a water bottle in a sock
that we had to spin around a tower of solo cups and keep it going as long as
possible. I know it sounds ridiculous, but it's based on a real challenge.
Again, that was on the show. It's just using 99 cent clearance store props
instead of the stuff you'd see on CBS. So here's the hilarious thing.
So while the camera is on the floor and I'm doing this, um,
probably about 45 minutes into the challenge,
Mr. Smoosh comes in the room and Mr. Smoosh, I shit you not.
He walks into the frame and he like stares because he sees my phone.
I'm on Skype. He sees all the other people doing the challenge and he's like,
what's going on? What's going on? He walks right up to my phone,
knocks my phone on the ground and then the chaos knocks my tower over.
So Mr. Smoosh eliminated me from that final six challenge,
which is why I had to basically play the hidden immunity idol to save myself.
So anyway, um, yeah, that was Mr. Smoosh's little stardom this week.
So now he's doing this during OLR. He's like,
I want to be like dad and be on camera all the time. So that was that.
Anyway, um, long story short, the final immunity challenge was today.
I was still in it. Three people left,
did the final immunity challenge and I won the final immunity challenge
and I got to choose who to take to the final two.
So I am in the final two of the game and the final tribal councils tomorrow.
The hosts really want me to put it on my Twitter to see if some of you will
go watch because they want to recruit for next season.
So I will put it on Twitter so you guys can watch me win or lose.
Like I don't know what's going to happen, but I've had a lot of fun.
I met a lot of great people and had a real emotional roller coaster.
Like I'm not going to lie.
I lost it when I won that immunity challenge because it was something I
never expected to win because it was very physical in nature.
Do you guys want to see what I had to do? You ready to,
you want to see the final challenge? Here we go Twitch. All right.
So apologies to the podcasters.
I'm going to have Loki narrate what I'm doing and try to use my loud voice so
you can see what the final endurance challenge.
So if you ever watched the TV show,
you know that the final challenge and survivor is usually some sort of
endurance challenge. You ready? Okay, here we go.
So Loki, you got to narrate for the podcast.
All right. So, so he has a cup and then let's see,
was this like a shoelace? Yeah. So he's holding a tight shoelace.
So I got to do, how the hell did I do this? I think it was this. Yes.
Okay. And then I got to do, so he's wrapping around his fingers between his hands,
like the thumb and the pinky, right? All right. Thumb and pinky.
I did it the wrong way on one hand.
I hope the hosts are watching because I struck,
I struggled bust with this so hard when we were doing it. Okay.
So you have to make sure the inside is on like those three fingers.
You ready? Uh-huh. Middle finger, pull. Middle finger, pull. Cat's cradle.
All right. Cat's cradle. Okay.
So then you have to, oh shit, this is the wrong way.
Okay. Then you have to like. You have to grab this solo cup.
Oh, God damn it. I did what I did during the challenge. No.
Hold on, I'm going to try this one more time. I'm going to try this one more time.
This happened to me during the challenge when we were trying to set up.
Like I could not get it going and I know they were making fun of me.
Okay. So he's putting it back on his hands again.
Middle finger, middle finger. All right. Cat's cradle.
And he's going to grab the cup, which is upside down by wrapping it around it.
And he's got to hold the cup. So I have to hold it out like this. Out in front of him.
As long as possible. That's it. You hold this pose.
If the cup falls, you're out. So guess how long I went.
How many hours?
Nine hours.
Oh.
About, I don't have the final time, but I think I know we hit the 30 minute mark.
So I would say about 32 minutes. The first person was out after three minutes.
He just, the thing about that, like it's one of those things where it's like, it's, it's harder than it looks.
Because if you pull too tight or if you're too loose on that.
It's going to slip off.
It's going to slip off or it's going to fire out with a cannon.
And I think that's what happened to the girl who came in second is I think she adjusted.
Because I could see her doing all these yoga poses and things like that.
And I think when she was doing it, because it's hard.
My hands were freaking killed. My hands are still sore right now.
But I think she pulled too hard and the cup went shooting out.
So, and I think that's why. So, yeah.
And yeah, so that was, that was the challenge we had to do.
They're not all physical though. I know I've showed a lot of physical stuff on OLR, but some of them are like puzzles and things like that.
So it was, yeah, it's been, it's been interesting.
So next week we'll know if I actually won or not.
But I got down to the final two and I'm super considering I, I've played a handful of these games at this point.
And I usually flop them all, meaning I'm usually a pre-jury.
Like I'm just like super stoked that I've gotten as far as I have.
So there you go.
Let's see.
Looking in chat at some of the comments there.
So let's see.
Kaijuto in chat says, first survivor had Boston Rob, now they have OLR Rob.
Who knows? I don't, see, here's the thing.
Playing it from my home is so much easier because I actually get to still eat.
You don't want to see me when I'm hangry.
Like I was already emotional enough over this game.
I don't need to like starve myself to death on top of that.
That would be, that would be insane.
So anyway, there you go.
So that was, that was fakie survivor and we'll see what happens tomorrow.
But I did get to play some video games amongst that because as,
as the numbers were dwindling down, we sort of run out of things to talk about.
So I actually got to catch up on some other games.
I've been playing Overwatch randomly.
I just, I just started playing some matches and I wanted to see if the party system was in it yet,
or like the forced role thing was in it yet.
It's not, but I still just did some quick plays.
I got to finally do some more matches with Batiste because like he's not so new anymore.
So the newness of him has died down.
So I actually got to do some matches with him and Lucio.
And actually I had a great run as Lucio for some healing.
So that's, that's good.
Cause that's a character, excuse me, hiccups that Allen's really good with too.
So did some Lucio there as well.
And yeah, so I played some Overwatch and then I've been playing, of course,
a crap ton of Final Fantasy 14.
I'm still trying to catch up in the expansion.
I've made it a long way.
I've just completed the level 79 dungeon and trial.
Again, I don't want to ruin it.
So I want to tell you what it is.
It's a great throwback to Final Fantasy 1.
I'll say that much.
And if you've played the new expansion,
the level 79 dungeon is a direct reference to Final Fantasy 1.
Go back and look it up.
So that was pretty cool.
But yeah, so I, that's where I'm at.
So I'm almost to the end of the story, I think.
So that'll be good.
But the story, the story's kind of picked back up.
It lagged a little bit in the Amorang Zone around level 77,
but now it's really picked back up ever since I got out of there.
So I'm really enjoying the Shadowbringers expansion.
It's great.
So actdeft going back to Overwatch saying,
I'm waiting for Sigma to release officially.
The little I played of him on the PTR was fun.
Yeah, I want to check out Sigma as well,
although I haven't done the PTR yet.
Going back to Survivor,
SH-100Matt in chat says,
Nicely done, Rob.
Maybe you will come back on the All-Stars version.
You know, I've had to, like,
I have not streamed in six weeks,
and you can basically blame this game for that.
And I don't regret it.
I've met some wonderful people that I'll keep in touch with
long after this game is over and so forth.
But I don't know if I could do it again.
Like, it's a lot to put on hold.
And I know I always say that,
but here's the difference this time, guys.
Usually I get booted, like, in 14th place.
So I only spend a week and a half on the game,
and then whatever, it's done.
This time, I've gone the full length of the game.
I mean, win or lose tomorrow,
I went the entire length of the game.
It was like 51 days tomorrow.
It's 51 days.
So, you know, that's a long time to put everything else on hold.
But that's, like, Ingress has been on hold.
This has been, like, everything has been on hold.
So I don't know if I could do that again.
But I did say, if they do call me for All-Stars,
it's going to be hard to not answer the phone.
But the good news is, so they've already done an All-Stars.
This is the ninth season they have an All-Stars.
It's usually every seven.
So I have a good, like, five seasons to wait.
So it's going to be a while before I have to make that choice.
And that'll be very good, if they even call me.
But they may not.
There's been a lot of great people that have played the game.
So they may decide, I've had my run, I've had my story.
I don't come back.
But we'll see.
There's not a lot of guys over 30 that play these games.
So I feel a very unique void in that.
So, all right.
Anyway, enough about all that.
Let's get into some other housekeeping.
Oh, before we get to the gaming news,
I should give DragonCon a plug because DragonCon is coming up.
So some quick programming note.
We will be here live with Dark Sakura next week for episode 789.
790, the week after that, will be pre-taped.
We will be taping that without an audience in advance,
but we will be taking your questions.
It's going to be very much a listener-driven show with your questions.
We may try to do an interview or something during that week as well.
And Gamescom is going to happen that week.
So we'll be able to do that.
That'll be a lot of news, yeah.
Yeah, that'll be quite a bit going on.
So we're going to tape that without an audience.
And then that will premiere on Sunday night after the Bobby Blackwell show.
That is due to my travel.
I'm actually leaving a week early for DragonCon this year
to go spend time with Xtfer out in North Carolina where he lives now.
So I will be leaving the day before.
So 790 will not be live, but we hope you all will come out anyway.
And then it'll still be on the podcast feed and all that good stuff as well.
And you guys can certainly chat about it.
And I will go back and read the chat transcript afterwards because I do that.
And then there will be no show Labor Day Weekend
because DragonCon is going on.
And we will be back the week after Labor Day.
I think it's September 8th is the date.
We'll be back with episode 791 at that point.
So that's kind of how that is going to go.
Wow, episode 800 is going to be before the end of the year.
That's crazy, isn't it?
Yeah, anyway.
So, yeah, and Bobby will still be live that week that 790 is taped in advance.
Now, speaking of DragonCon,
the channel won't necessarily be dark during DragonCon
because we will be hosting the brand new DragonCon Twitch channel,
which, Bobby, I'm going to butcher this name.
I'm sorry, so correct me if I'm wrong.
I believe it's DC Media Track is their Twitch.
Bobby will correct me in chat if I'm wrong.
But we're going to be hosting their channel here at VOG
because some of the panels that Bobby, myself,
and some other folks you might know will actually be broadcast on that.
So even though there might not be an OLR that weekend or a Bobby that weekend,
you can actually tune in on Twitch and you'll be able to see some other stuff going on.
Thank you, Bobby.
It's DC Digital Media is the actual name of that channel.
So you can go give them a follow if you want.
I figured I probably should tell you what my DragonCon schedule is.
I think we're at the point where I can share that with you guys.
So you guys ready to hear about it?
Of course, now that I've said that, I lost my email.
So I need to bring it up again.
Help me buy time, Loki.
Mr. Smoosh is trying to put himself onto a potholder.
Okay, I got it. I got it. Sorry.
So here is my schedule for DragonCon this year.
So Friday at 1130.
This is in the room that I don't believe will be broadcast.
It's in Galleria 7.
But I'm going to be on a panel called Discussion or Discord?
What's wrong with peace, love, and understanding?
And that'll be talking about are we encouraging open discussion
or are we just eroding debates?
We're going to be talking a little bit about tough fandoms
and some of that real passion that goes into it.
Sometimes we get very passionate on this show.
So we'll talk a little bit about that.
Okay, thanks Bobby, saying that even the Galleria 7 stuff
will be recorded and posted later.
It just won't be live.
The stuff in Room 6 is going to be live.
This is a pretty big deal.
So that's my only panel on Friday, believe it or not.
No, the Tiger Claw.
The panel is called Discussion or Discord?
Not to be confused with the Discord app.
It has nothing to do with the Discord app.
It's talking about the actual meaning of Discord
where you disagree with people.
Good question.
Because we do love Discord,
but this panel has nothing to do with that.
That's my only panel on Friday.
So this one's a pretty big deal on Saturday.
You ready for this?
So Saturday at 1130 a.m.
at the Peachtree Ballroom at the Westin.
So it's a ballroom, this is a big panel.
I am fortunate enough to be moderating
Meet the Cast of World of Warcraft.
So I'm going to be moderating a panel with voice actors
including Dave Fennoy.
So he's done voices for Walking Dead and all that.
That's going to be amazing.
Dino Andrade, who I believe is friends with,
I follow him on Twitter.
He's friends with other people
that have been on the show before.
He does Professor Putricide,
and he does all the little gnomes and those voices.
He's very good at those voices.
Kimberly Brooks, also a very well-known voice actor,
is going to be on that panel as well.
I believe she is, I may be wrong.
I'm very, very sorry if I got this wrong.
I believe she's the new princess
of the Horde side in this expansion.
I'm so sorry if I'm incorrect,
but I believe that is it.
And then Quentin Flynn and Samantha Inouye-Hart.
And I'm so sorry if I butchered those names
because I haven't done my full research on that yet,
but you know I love World of Warcraft,
so I'm very excited to be doing that.
All right, Saturday at 2.30,
this was the VoG-submitted panel.
So Bobby and I are leading this one.
Video didn't kill the radio star.
Moving your audio podcast to video.
You know, we might know a thing or two about that, right?
I guess.
So we're going to be sharing some of the experiences
along with Bobby about moving to Twitch,
but you know what's really cool about that panel?
We have some other podcasters that have made that same move.
We have a representative from Twitch on that panel.
What?
Yeah, cool, right?
And that will be streamed.
That is in Galeria 6.
Tell them that you're streaming exclusively a mixer, though.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
All right, so not when there's a Twitch employee on the panel.
That is Saturday at 2.30 Eastern,
so you've got to subtract three for Pacific, okay?
Oh, is Run, Jump, Stomp on that panel, too?
I don't know his real names.
That's really cool.
All right, awesome.
All right, then I'm on a panel Saturday at 5.30.
This will be in Galeria 6, so it will be streamed.
Very cool.
I'm so honored to be a part of this.
Speaking Out, Podcasting Wall, LGBTQIA+.
So I get to be on the Rainbow panel Saturday at 5.30.
That is awesome.
There's going to be some great guests on that,
including is Nifty listening?
Nifty, you out there?
Guess who's on that panel?
You're going to be excited about this.
Dax!
From RuPaul's Drag Race Season 8 is on that panel.
So very excited about that.
Sunday at 10 a.m., so that's going to be very, very early,
but if you guys want to catch that, it'll be streamed, too.
I'm going to be on the Twitch 102 panel.
So last year I did 101.
This year I get to moderate 102.
A lot of feedback we got with 101 was that it was too much about the Ys,
and I think many people that attended were already streaming on Twitch
and wanted to know more about the technicals,
like the promoting your stream, the things like that.
So this panel's for y'all that asked for that.
So that will be Twitch 102.
That will be streamed Sunday at 10 a.m.
And then I believe my last panel, which will be in Galleria 7,
so it's not streamed but it's still an honor to be on this,
Sunday at 5.30, Twitch and other streaming.
So we are allowed to say the word mixer at that panel, Loki.
Twitch and other streaming, growing your audience.
So we talk about how to grow your audience and collaborate and work together.
So I'm excited to meet people.
I'm excited to be a part of it.
I'm so honored that digital media has included me.
I mean, I'm on six panels and five of them are digital media,
and I'm honored that the video game track had me back this year,
even if my schedule only allowed for the one panel, but it's what a panel.
Like, I mean, if I can only do one panel, to be doing World of Warcraft is...
Well, following up from last year where you did, was it the Mass Effect one?
I did, I did, and that was an honor as well.
I don't know if they, I think they are doing another Mass Effect panel.
They just, you know, they want to give somebody else the opportunity,
and I can't argue with that.
So that's great.
So I'm really looking forward to both of those tracks.
And yes, Nifty805 in chat says,
you are hashtag booked and blessed.
Yes, I am booked and blessed this year at DragonCon.
I'm very excited about it.
And yeah, hoping to see all the other events.
If you are planning on attending DragonCon and you'd like to meet up,
please join our Discord channel over at VOG Network.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
We actually have a channel all about conventions,
and we will absolutely be using it for DragonCon this year.
Even if you can't be there, we'll be showing pictures and so forth.
I don't want to speak out a turn,
but I do believe if there is a way for Bobby and myself
to create some sort of video content for y'all at DragonCon,
outside of these panels, obviously,
and deliver it to you guys here on the channel,
you bet yourself we'll do that.
We're going to do that.
So I can't give you any details yet because we haven't hashed that out.
But I think it's safe to say we'll have something.
We'll do a little something-something.
And some of VOG Face's past and present will be there.
I know some of our friends from Voice Geek Network
that do other shows are planning on being there as well.
So I don't think we're going to have quite the large turnout from prior years,
but certainly like Travis Donovan.
I know it's going to be there.
Xtopher's very first DragonCon.
I'm excited to have him get to see all that
and give his impressions because he won't hold back.
So that'll be fun.
So we'll get to do a little guys-on-a-show reunion
while we're at DragonCon so that'll be fun.
So we're going to have a great year.
Labor Day weekend in Atlanta. It's going down.
I'm excited.
All right. Let's get into more video game news.
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
So this one's interesting.
So apparently Take-Two has sent some private investigators
to a YouTuber's house to kind of crack down on some leaks.
So this was a guy by the name of Supmato.
He was posting different leaked information about Borderlands 3.
And the way he came across some of this stuff was
Take-Two were working on the Twitch integration for Borderlands 3.
And so there was a trailer that came out talking about some of that.
And in the trailer, they goofed and showed the username
of one of the Twitch accounts that's tied to it.
And lo and behold, it was a legit Twitch account.
These people subscribed to it.
They saw other Twitch accounts that had these really weird names attached to that.
And so they were, whereas the accounts were streamed privately,
they could take the mobile app and it would show kind of a screenshot
of what was streaming on that channel, keep refreshing,
and then eventually get screenshots of stuff that they haven't announced things for,
like skill trees and whatnot.
And so he was able to leak stuff out based on that.
They've also DMCA'd, striked his channel 63 times for different videos.
Well, hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
These were like private Twitch streams that maybe employees were using to stream to each other.
But the way the Twitch app works, though.
Right. You can still see the thumbnails.
So how is that this guy's fault?
They're the ones that broadcast it on Twitch.
Because they're saying that, well, he also had a private Discord
that he charged money to Patreon subscribers to get access to.
Okay, yeah.
And so they're saying that they're selling their copyrighted works.
That's where it gets dicey when you get a little too...
I don't know what the word... I don't want to say greedy.
Greedy is the wrong word.
But when you get a little too like, you know,
there's just too much of that overeagerness type of thing
to like be the first to be the one breaking news that it's like,
let's make a little coin off it.
But now it's getting dicey because you're making coin off it no matter how much.
So, yeah.
But he also...
That makes sense.
He also was leaking some other stuff prior to this whole Twitch thing as well.
So, he may have had, you know, communications with different insider employees or whatever.
But this was basically his shtick and what happened.
But he was kind of surprised to see that, you know,
there were some private investigators that actually came to his house
and started questioning about stuff,
which is kind of an interesting move on Take-Two's part.
Overzealous, says ActDeaf, is the word.
Yes, it is.
Wow. Thank you.
And he's an English teacher in Mexico.
So, of course, he thinks of the word before I do.
Thank you. Yes.
That is a good word for it.
SG100Matt says, stuck your hand in the cookie jar too much.
That's another way to put it, for sure.
Yeah.
So, of course, you know, he put out a video talking about the situation was happening.
2K Games put out a statement saying, you know,
that the information that's out there is untrue and incomplete.
And so there's some more stuff.
But in the end, Take-Two's a big company.
They have enough money to sue him into oblivion or at least, you know,
strong arm him that way.
So, it's going to happen.
But now the information is out there.
You can't stop the spread of information.
This is true, yes.
So, I mean, maybe some things that they had planned to save for Gamescom
or some other types of announcements are surely out there now.
So, I mean, it does kind of take the wind out of those sails.
But, yeah, I mean, that's just the nature of, like, the, I don't know, journeys.
Well, maybe be careful when you're posting your, you know, streaming video with IDs in there.
That's part of it.
But, yeah, you got to be careful with that stuff.
Don't they have people that review those things?
You would think.
But it also just goes to show, like, you know, just how, you know,
foaming at the mouth people are about, you know, any little piece of information.
I mean, look at YouTube culture.
People will make, and Twitch, or any streaming, really, culture,
Twitch, Mixer, whoever you want to say.
But YouTube, I would feel like, especially, people will make five-minute videos
out of, like, hey, some guy posted a Reddit, a thing on Reddit about this.
And let's look into this.
So, you know, that's just, like, you take that one little bit of information,
and it's, like, you just, like, people make all this content about it.
Yeah.
You know, it's crazy.
And I know that I fully see the irony in that when we're doing a show like this.
But I like to think we talk about more than one thing on this show.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So, anyway, people going crazy for Borderlands 3 information.
Yeah.
When's the game come out?
September.
Yeah, okay.
Well, it's only a month away.
It's, like, a few weeks away.
Yeah, it really is.
Now, Dartitsuya in chat says, the dissection videos.
I do enjoy some of those.
Yeah, I'm not knocking them and saying they're all bad.
I'm just saying that's, like, part of the culture,
is that when one little piece of information leaks out,
it's, like, all these, you know, information.
Like, I remember Shane would show me, not so much for this round of Pokémon,
but the last round of Pokémon when, like, X and Y were the new games,
or, I'm sorry, Sun and Moon were the new games.
Like, there would be the littlest little trailer,
like, two-minute trailer that Nintendo would put out,
a little mini-direct or something.
And then it's, like, the 90-minute discussion video.
Yeah.
It goes on.
Because this was back when we were doing, like, Pokéstop podcasts regularly,
and I was always, like, dang, how do people do, like,
90-minute videos off, like, a two-minute...
I think you'd be surprised.
They were bad videos by any means.
They were definitely, like, enthusiastic fans,
really getting down and dirty on all this content.
So this is very, very interesting.
So, anyway, moving on.
So something that you can't really dissect anymore because it's gone.
It has to do with DuckTales and DuckTales Remastered.
DuckTales Remastered specifically.
No longer available for purchase.
If you thought that game would be around forever, it is not.
At least digitally.
Now, you know, there's physical copies out there in the world,
and, you know, they'll always be out there on secondhand markets,
flea markets, garage sales, places like that.
But I do think because so many people got this game digitally,
and now that option has been pulled,
you can no longer get this game digitally.
You can still redownload it if you purchased it before,
so don't freak out.
But, I mean, there's even going to come a day,
just like they pulled down the Wii shop eventually.
There's going to come a day when the Wii U shop,
if you bought it there like I did, goes down,
so you won't be able to redownload it, or, you know, whatever the case.
Well, I bought it on Steam because they had it down for $3.74,
so I was like, yeah.
They had a huge sale, and I wish we could have got this out there
before it got delisted, but they only gave us, like, three days notice.
Yeah.
It was out, and then it was gone.
August 8th was the day it was delisted, so it is gone.
No more can you get this game on Steam or PS3 or Xbox 360.
It was backwards compatible on Xbox One, though,
so I wish I did have it.
I think they gave it away for PlayStation games at one point,
so I think I have it on PS3.
Yeah, I do sort of remember that.
And I have it on Wii U, but I don't think I ever got it on Xbox.
I would love to get a physical copy for Xbox, though,
and then that way you could play it on Xbox One,
because it was a good game.
The original DuckTales game is one of the greatest NES games they ever did, really.
Yeah, and the remaster is pretty good, too, from right here.
Yeah, and the remaster was pretty faithful.
It added little bits at the beginning and end,
but they did a really good job with it.
And the vert soundtrack is really, really good
with all the reimaginings of the songs.
So, yeah, they had it down to 374 until it was gone forever,
but the physical version might still be a way to find it,
but I imagine the price of that physical version
as people realize it's going to have a little bit of rarity to it now,
the price of that might go up. We'll see.
Now, Bob Coffee says you can still find physical copies for PlayStation 3
at Walmart for $12.88 pretty easily.
Bob Coffee also pointing out, though, that these are showing up on eBay
for 40 bucks already.
So you might have to wait a little bit for things to kind of even out a bit.
Just go buy used copies somewhere.
Oh, for sure. Well, even the used copies are probably, you know,
I don't know what it currently runs out on GameStop,
and now your computer's dead, so you can't look it up for me.
I have a phone.
No, it's fine. I'm sure somebody can look it up, too.
Also, D'Artecia points out that was the last performance
of Alan Young's Scrooge.
And, you know, it was great that he still did the voice acting.
You could tell he was a little older, and his voice was a little more,
you know, at a very mature stage, you know, when he was doing it.
I mean, he did a great job, don't get me wrong,
but you could definitely tell it was, you know,
he was getting to that point where he's very, getting older,
and, you know, probably harder for him to do, very hard work.
Because who does the voice now? Doesn't David Tennant do the voice
of Uncle Scrooge now in the new?
Yes, I think so.
Yeah.
So let's say, D'Artecia says,
I want to say there was another actress that passed away from that game.
I forget. Wasn't it, I hope I don't butcher the name, June Ferre.
Wasn't it Magic of the Spell?
Yes, it was Magic of the Spell.
I don't remember who that actress is.
It's June Ferre, isn't it?
I'm almost positive.
Somebody look that up for me, because I think I'm right.
Now Bobby Black Wolf talking about the price equalization saying,
just wait a little bit.
Final Fantasy 13 on Xbox 360 shot up on the used market
when the Xbox One backwards compatible version came out,
but after a few months, it was back down to a more reasonable price.
Yeah, absolutely.
D'Artecia does think I got that right.
Yeah, June Ferre was in like her 80s or 90s when that came out.
So, you know, I believe, I want to look up her Wikipedia article
because I don't want to say she passed and then be wrong.
Because that's like the most horrible thing you can do.
She passed on the other project.
Yes, that's right. She passed on to other projects.
Let's double check here.
I'm getting the bit.
Okay, she did pass away in 2017 at 99 years old.
Bless her heart.
That's a long way.
That's a long, big life.
So, yes, June Ferre did pass away and she was looking up.
I'm just confirming in her filmography.
There's radio.
Where's TV?
Where's DuckTales?
It's got to be in the 80s.
Where's DuckTales?
It's got to be in the 80s somewhere, right?
She was on the Smurfs.
She was Jokey Smurf.
I never realized that.
So, she was on the Gummy Bears, too.
Good lord.
Yep, she was Magic and a Spell.
There it is, DuckTales 87 to 90.
So, it's June Ferre.
I'm glad I remembered that, actually.
I'm proud of me.
All right, let's move on.
Some news about Rockstar, right, Loki?
Yeah, so you may know game testers have been kind of getting the brunt of the firings
when game development ends on certain games.
But now, though, that may be changing a little bit with Rockstar
because Rockstar is actually converting their game testers now to full-time,
which is pretty awesome.
So, they're basically now making it full-time positions
so that testers don't have to worry.
Once their contract is up, are they getting fired?
What's their next job going to be?
Now, there's a little bit more stability in that sense, which is kind of nice.
And apparently, this has gone into effect as of the beginning of this month.
And they didn't say how many people this is affecting
or whether it extends to the temporary workers that they had before.
But it is something that's positive, at least.
Yeah, they said a large number of staff are enrolling temporary contracts
and live in the hope that they will be extended and be able to pay rent
as the end of their contract approaches.
I don't feel anyone is uncomfortable speaking out
in the hopes that they can extend long enough to be permanent.
Staff are often reminded how lucky they are simply working for Rockstar.
Yeah, which is unfortunate.
They kind of rub that in their face like,
well, you're lucky to have this job even though it's shitty or whatever.
So, it is nice that they're extending that out
and hopefully paying them better with that.
Maybe other companies can take note of that.
It's nice to hear a little bit of good news
about the way people are treated in the industry
because taking them on as full-time and not just being tapped
means they get the benefits.
There's a lot of other perks that come with that.
Just think of the extra money that you would have, Rockstar, in Take-Two.
If you stop sending private investigators to YouTuber's houses.
Wow. All right.
Let's move on and talk about Gamescom.
It's coming up very soon.
So, those of you maybe over in Europe,
if you're going to be near Germany, maybe Cologne specifically,
you might head on over to Gamescom.
So, Jeff Keeley is actually going to be doing a big press conference
called Gamescom Opening Night Live
because there hasn't really been a big press conference.
Microsoft and Sony used to do them.
PT, the epic playable trailer for the Silent Hill game that never was,
that was a Gamescom thing that came out of Gamescom.
I thought it wasn't Tokyo Game Show or anything.
No, I'm pretty sure it was Gamescom. Yeah.
They even cite that in this story that PT was part of that.
PT2.
Well, yeah.
But anyway, Jeff Keeley is going to be putting together a press conference in Cologne
and of course, Jeff Keeley does the game awards.
So, he's used to putting on these big event shows.
Gamescom Opening Night Live will be Monday, August 19th at 11 a.m. Pacific
because of the weird time zone difference.
It's actually at 8 p.m. over there.
But because they are that far ahead,
it's going to be 11 a.m. for us here in the Pacific coast of the U.S.
So, Hideo Kojima is going to be there to present yet another look at Death Stranding.
We're getting close. I'm okay with it.
Is it coming out this year or is that next year? It's next year.
I think it's next year.
I think it's next year.
Some more publishers that we'll be showing.
There's a lot of people here.
2K Games.
Oh, no. Sorry.
Act Def corrects us and says it is this year.
November is when it is out.
So, there you go.
Anyways, some of the other companies that will be showing up at Opening Night Live.
2K Games, Activision, Bandai Namco, Bungie, Capcom, EA, Epic Games, Google Stadia,
Deep Silver, Private Division, Sega, Squeenix, Sony, THQ Nordic, Ubisoft, and Xbox Game Studios.
That's a lot.
That's a lot of the big players.
That's pretty much everybody you'd expect to do some things at E3.
So, yeah, that'll be cool.
Dark Tetsuya thinks it could be Need for Speed related news coming from EA.
That would be exciting.
We'll be into that.
Yeah, I heard that they're doing a new one.
And they also have a new IP for Plants vs. Zombies.
That's right.
Speaking of new IPs, or, well, this could be recycled.
Who knows?
But apparently Sega is getting ready to reveal a AAA game at Gamescom.
Hmm.
So, yeah, Sega is teasing an all-new AAA game.
They send an email out to various blogs and so forth.
Sega will also be showing off Catherine Full Body, Two Point Hospital, the Sega Genesis Mega Drive Mini, and so forth.
But, yeah, the fact that it's AAA, that's interesting.
Could it be a new Sonic game?
Could it be a new PC related?
I mean, we don't know.
We already know about Phantasy Star Online 2, so I don't think it's that.
Unless, oh shit, if they made, like, a new mainline Phantasy Star game.
Could you imagine, like, after all these years, Phantasy Star 5?
I would be, I'd cry.
That would be amazing if they did, like, a Phantasy Star 5.
Or even just, like, a single player type of game, you know, set in, like, PSO or PSUs.
Like, what was that game on PS Vita, or was it PSP?
Like, it was just, like, Phantasy Star Universe, but, like, a single player campaign.
I'd love something like that.
I would just love another Daytona game.
Huh?
Yeah.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo.
That's all they have to do.
Just play that.
Just play that.
And just as silly, you know, to be really silly, they could have Kazurai come on stage and go,
It's Daytona!
Daytona!
Kazurai's busy being retired at this point.
Oh, come on.
All right.
Questbuster's saying Nintendo will be a game's commifier call correctly.
Luigi's Mansion 3, Sword and Shield, The Witcher 3 port will be there among others.
Yeah, that's true.
S.G. 100 Matt says, Don't over-hype us.
If you over-hype it for us and then tell us it's two years away, you're hurting your own game.
So, we'll see.
It sounds like Sega could be ready to release.
It's Shenmue 4.
Shenmue 4.
And please kickstart it for us.
Anything is possible.
Who knows?
Support our Patreon and it will develop Shenmue 4.
Who knows?
More news, Loki, right?
Yeah, so No Man's Sky Beyond is coming out.
I feel like we've talked about it for the past three weeks.
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
But they tease us a little more every time, right?
Yeah.
So now it's finally coming out this week, though.
Dude, Alan, when he wasn't playing, he was playing the Black Mesa, the Half-Life redo,
right?
He played that.
I think he finished that, and now he's back on No Man's Sky.
Like, he plays it a lot.
I almost want to re-buy it on PC, just so I can play with him.
I'm with you there, because I was just about to say, so there's a brand new trailer that
got released, and they set it to the same music as the original trailer, and oh my god,
it looks, this is like what it should have been when it launched.
This is like the hype that they had before.
So 16 to 32 players.
They're going to add VR support, the Nexus social space.
You can tame creatures in there.
You can ride them as well.
They also put milking in there.
I don't know if you really need to get blue milk out of those things.
Multiplayer missions, cooking and crafting recipes, better aliens, power and logic and
industrial bases, and lots more.
And that looked awesome, based on the trailer that they had.
Yeah, I was going to say, I was interested in getting it on PC so I could play with Alan,
but I am just too intrigued by the VR part of it.
Like, the fact that it's going to be playable on PlayStation VR.
And Oculus, too.
Oh yeah, for sure.
Yeah, sure.
So if you are on PC, I mean, you're going to have that, but I don't have those.
I have PSVR.
Yeah.
And they said the VR is really good in it, too.
Oh, I'm getting chills just thinking about, like, I hope I can find my disc.
That's the other thing I'm worried about.
So there's that.
And then here's another cool thing, though, that is something that they're interested in doing.
They want to bring it to the Switch.
So that's something else that they're looking into right now, is how can we port this to the Switch?
Because, you know, obviously the Switch is much less powerful than, say, a PlayStation 4 or PC.
But it is something that they're interested in.
And, you know, it's super interesting.
I love the Switch.
We're obviously very focused on what we're doing right now.
We have done a lot of work for PSVR to optimize the game, so I'd be interested to see what's possible.
But at the moment, we're just very focused on what we're doing right now.
So it is something that he's interested in, but we'll see.
It might be a while before that actually happens, if it even is able to happen.
It's just so crazy how much they've really been dedicating themselves to working on this game.
And whether it was something they were always going to do, or they felt a sense of obligation after the first release was not so well received.
But as we know, they've really made up a lot of ground within the industry.
We had that story a few months ago.
I think they've redeemed themselves.
For sure.
It's right up there with Final Fantasy XIV's rebirth, with Diablo III removing the Auction House and fixing the entire freaking game.
What they've done with No Man's Sky is right up there.
I think it's going to be pretty incredible.
I think if the trailer reflects actually what the game is, because remember, that was the issue with the original trailer.
True.
But I think they've gotten better now.
Even just watching Alan play, and Alan has a lot of parts from my old computer, so he's not even running the newest stuff.
And just looking over his shoulder, watching him play on PC, I'm always like,
Dang, this game is so pretty.
Some of the areas that he's in, I'm like, dang, I never really found a place like that on PlayStation.
And it's just so mesmerizing to watch.
It'll be fun. Multiplayer will be fun now.
Yeah, I'm excited for the fans of this game that have been waiting for this for so long.
And I'm excited for people like me that were casuals.
I haven't played it in a very long time since any of the expansions have come out.
Even when they did with the Stargates and stuff, I remember Bobby and I did some streams on Twitch, and we had a good time.
We built star bases so we could find each other, the little Stargates so we could connect, and that was really cool.
So the fact that that's going to get taken even further now with these larger squads, and you put VR on top of that.
The only thing I'm worried about is when I played VR Skyrim, it's beautiful, it's great, it really is immersive.
I could only do it for so long before I just started to feel a certain way.
And that's just the way I'm wired, the way my brain is, and my health and everything.
It's just that after an hour or so, I have to really take it off and be like, I have to disconnect from VR because it's too much.
It starts to have a physical effect on me that I don't like.
So that's the only thing I'm worried about a little bit with this, but for the most part, I'm very excited about it.
Looking in chat, ActDef says, if it does come to the Switch, cross-platform multiplayer, please.
Oh, wouldn't that be great if it wasn't cross-platform?
Well, does it even have cross-platform between PC and PlayStation 4?
They don't because, and I think there's a reason for it, because when the game first launched, we weren't talking about cross-platform and all that yet.
It was just kind of an accepted thing that PC and PS4 would be separate.
Well, I think the problem is now, at this point, probably why they can't fuse them together, is that basically you have one universe on PC.
Where things have been named and everything's got their thing, and you have another universe on PS4 that's kind of the same thing.
I don't know if they can just combine them, because what happens if you've got a planet over here and a planet over here, and you don't know what's been built on one versus the other.
So I don't know if they will be able to successfully bridge that gap without pissing somebody off.
But you would think, couldn't they just take all buildings, like in the entire universe, what would be the odds?
But you know what would happen to somebody, there'd be that Kotaku story, like the merge of the worlds has caused one person's base to be squashed by another person.
There'd be that thing, but I would think there'd be a way to work it out somehow, you never know.
Dartusuya says, I could get into No Man's Sky on Switch.
Run Jump Stomp in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network says, probably Sony getting in the way.
Well, you know, Sony had to back off a little bit because they were really painted out to be the bad guy in a lot of the talk about Rocket League and what was the big one?
Oh, Fortnite. Fortnite was the big one that I think really made PlayStation have to kind of, because it was all the people trying to get their Epic accounts on Switch and they couldn't do it because they had it on PS4.
And like all their stuff was getting locked out and that made Sony look like really bad. That was a very bad PR thing for Sony.
So I think Sony has kind of been forced, pressured by the gamers out there to go back on that a little bit.
And you know, for the most part, they have at this point.
So, um, Run Jump Stomp says, they weren't painted to be the bad guy, they were the bad guy.
You know why I give, here's why I give them just a little shred, a little shred of credit.
Remember guys, I'm a big Final Fantasy XIV player.
That game has always been cross platform between Sony, PlayStation 4, and PC.
So like I've been playing a game for years that is cross platform.
I'm surprised that hasn't come to Xbox One yet.
I'm surprised too amongst all of this that I, that was one of my predictions for E3 was that they would announce that Shadowbringers would be out on Xbox One as well.
I am also surprised. I can understand maybe why they don't want to do the Switch because you know the reality is-
Well that makes sense, yeah.
Well A, it's an MMO so you can play it on the go.
I'll tell you what, you can bring 11 to the Switch because that should be able to run that.
Yeah.
I would hope.
You know the mobile version.
When is that coming out by the way, the mobile version of 11?
It's been like ten years.
The mobile version of 11 will soon be eligible for Classic Game of the Week.
Like it's that long they've been talking about it.
Anyway.
And yeah, RunJumpStomp says Yoshi P said they would port it to all platforms if all platform holders would agree to cross play.
And then Shad or Shane is in chat saying I'm pretty sure Yoshi P recently said it's Microsoft that's holding off an Xbox One port.
That's so shocking to me.
What do they have to lose?
But then Microsoft went and scored that deal with PSO2 so I don't- it's weird.
I don't-
I'm surprised that they wouldn't want Final Fantasy 14.
I would be, yeah.
Especially when they went out of their way to get Final Fantasy 11.
Again, you want to talk about like the first cross platform game that you could do Sony, Microsoft, and PCs?
That was Final Fantasy 11.
Like cross platform was not an issue back in 2006?
Well they all connected through the Play Online servers.
I know, I know.
That doesn't really count.
Yeah.
Anyway, alright.
We're going to move on though.
We're going to move on.
We could talk about cross play but the reality is we don't really know.
We're not in those boardrooms.
We can only kind of take our best guesses through what has been said in various interviews.
Anyway, moving on to the Epic Game Store and a game called Ooblets.
Because Ooblets has recently announced that they will be exclusive to the Epic Game Store temporarily.
Epic offered the development team of two people some financial incentives that would cover Ooblet
and what it would sell as if it were selling on all the different PC stores.
So, you know, it's a financial move, especially when it's two people putting it together.
It's like, you know, somebody's showing you some coin.
It's a financial move that is going to put bread on the table for a little while, right?
So it makes sense.
And that can help them grow their company and do more stuff.
But, oh my God, people got terrible about this because there are some people out there that really hate the Epic Game Store.
Yes, but I'll let you finish.
But there's, I think it's not necessarily the announcement that it's how they announced it.
Okay, fair, fair.
So let's move on then.
So there's an announcement that occurred and it was on the Patreon community.
So I can see, so people were paying money for this.
It's kind of like the Shenmue 3 thing, right?
Well, not necessarily that.
It's just, yeah, read through some of it.
Okay, I will.
The developer said they got thousands, if not tens of thousands of hateful, threatening messages across every platform nonstop.
And then Epic actually came to their defense and kind of said, you know,
we've shared our views about the game business and companies in it.
We support the game community's right to speak freely.
The announcements of Ooblets highlighted a disturbing trend, which is growing and undermining healthy public discourse.
And that's the coordinated and deliberate creation and promotion of false information,
including fake screenshots, videos and technical analysis accompanied by harassment of partners,
promotion of hateful themes and intimidation of those with opposing views.
Epic is working with many game developers and other partners to build what we believe is a healthier
and more competitive multi-store world for the future and so on and so on.
Now, if you want to go to the announcement, I'm trying to load it on their website right now.
Well, I'll save you the time.
So here's how they announced it and why I think people were kind of a little bit angry about it.
So they basically said, you know, here's what these epic folks are doing.
First, they teach every kid in the world these obnoxious dances,
and now they're offering funding to game developers in exchange for PC exclusivity on their game store.
This is exactly what Mark's warned us about.
Just imagine if other companies got it in their heads and offered funding in exchange for exclusives.
What would it be next? Game consoles paying for games to be exclusive on their consoles?
Netflix paying for exclusive shows? Newspapers paying for exclusive articles?
Maybe some sort of late capitalist dystopia.
OK, so it's very like talking down.
You could just say, hey, instead of being assholes like that, you could just say, hey,
we made this decision because we are just two people and it's good.
You know, we want to be exclusive. So we were using this extra capital to do this.
I think people will be more forgiving than that instead of talking down to people.
Yeah, and I will agree now that you've kind of put that in context, like that was a horrible way to deliver that message.
Absolutely. But you don't need to meet crap with worse crap.
You know what I mean? Like that's where this is a problem.
Like it's yes. Right. Yeah. You need to be told like this shitty tone, guys, like like fix it, fix it up.
But like going to the extent of spreading fake information, false screenshots, hate mail, death threats,
all the bullshit you see on Twitter and all that stuff like that is when it's like, y'all like y'all calm down.
Yeah. Like if they just don't like, you know, you know, you know, the best thing you can do.
It's not a tweet. It's not like the best thing you can do. If you're mad, don't buy it.
And not a concept. And that's all they had to do is like just exclude that like paragraph that was in there.
And it would be a decent announcement because the rest of it beyond that, like talks about what they're doing,
what Epic is doing for them, what it means to them, you know, and all that stuff.
And like how how it all like affects positively.
But like it's that asshole tone in the beginning that when people already don't like those types of announcements,
I don't think it's such a big deal when it's like an indie game like that coming to a platform exclusively.
That's fine because you understand that it's more of like the triple A companies that you don't need the extra Epic Games funding.
You know, you're not an independent studio that's trying to, you know, scrap or scrape together some money so that you can actually release your game.
You know, when you're take two or something, you're releasing Borderlands three on the platform and you really just getting some extra points.
You know, as far as the profit you're going to make, that's a little bit different.
But it doesn't help, though, when people are already sensitive about that stuff and you put in that tone.
But at the same time, you shouldn't, you know, people that are fans or gamers or whatever of that shit shouldn't be just harassing people over it.
Because come on, that's ridiculous.
S2100Matt in chat says, if you're mad, move on. The industry will continue to move on with or without you.
Questbuster says both sides are to blame, but the threats just played into their assessment of toxic gamers.
Yeah, like, I mean, people, there are valid criticisms of this statement in there, for sure.
But unfortunately, there's too many shitlords on the Internet that are doing the shit lordy thing that now like that is the thing that everybody can point at and go gamers are stupid, you know, and all that stuff.
And that's that is part of the reason then why in the real world when shitty things happen, people are quick to blame gamers.
Like, I hate to say it, but it is that part of the culture that we're not rejecting harshly enough that is playing into that.
I really believe that, you know, so again and again, I'm not saying I'm not saying like, oh, the Ooblets guys are totally in the right.
No, like they it's just I just don't buy it.
But once again, though, it's not the first company that's made a bad press release and we're talking like two people.
I'm sure they don't have a press person or a social media person. Mistakes happen.
So they're fine with it. They want it like a Facebook.
You know, when I get the sense of humor in it, too, like I'm like I read that and I'm like, I mean, I get your point.
I'm not like bent out of shape about it. I really care either.
I mean, the game is cute. It's so epic exclusive. I kind of over that whole epic exclusive stuff.
Like, oh, no, it's not in my Steam library. I'm kind of over it at this point.
But why are people so bent out of shape over something so small?
I don't understand. I'm kind of with Bobby a little bit on this, though, about his apprehensions about epic.
Like I have an epic store account to just hoard free games.
That's basically what I do. But Bobby, you know, makes a point about why he doesn't buy games.
I don't buy anything on epic game store simply because they don't have any wallet cards I could buy at a store.
I have to give them my credit card info and I don't trust any gaming company with my credit card info.
And like, I respect that in this day and age of data breaches, when the companies who track breaches get breached.
You know, those types of things, when it's that reductive.
Yo, Doug, I hear like breaches.
Exactly. Like Equifax, the credit monitoring company gets, in fact, breached, you know, because there's that whole get your $4.
Yeah, right. That whole thing. Like, I get it.
Like, you don't want to trust your information out there anywhere.
And, you know, I had money stolen on Xbox 360, certainly as a direct result of these types of breaches.
So, like, I get it. Yeah. She Hulk in chat says, trust no one.
X-Files. Yeah, for sure. Right.
Questbuster says, I have an epic account, but like Rob, it's only for the freebies.
Yeah, exactly.
I purchased a game.
Actually, sorry, I have to say this. Bobby says, I mean, my EGS account has already been hacked once and they got nothing.
Something like that happened to me. Somebody connected my Epic account to a PlayStation account that wasn't mine.
Because when I went to go do it, it was like, you're already connected to an account. I'm like, who the fuck is this?
So I kind of think my Epic account got breached at some point too.
So, like, I get it. Like, I, in fact, I would encourage people don't give Epic your credit card number. Seriously.
So I just use PayPal through it. Because I've got two factor on PayPal.
Yeah.
And I don't have, I don't have the automatic like, so, you know, pay, make it easier for PayPal to charge your account.
You know, don't just let it like, just do its thing. You know? No, I just two factor everything.
Pop culture in chat says, you know, Arrow works for a credit card processor, but it's not y'all's problem.
Like that, you're not the problem in your company.
Your companies aren't the reason the breaches are happening because of like crap security on Epic's side and things of that sort.
You know, so, you know, we already, and I think we're going to do it again tonight.
We already have read different companies in the gaming industry that you would think would do better with information not being able to do so.
You know, so just potentially, because I don't have the facts to back it up, except the fact that it happened to me, potentially add Epic into that, you know?
So, one more comment and then we'll move on to the classic game of the week.
SHO 100 Matt in chat says, gamers need to be the better person in today's age.
Now more than ever, terrible shit is happening all around us. Exclusivity in gaming.
That's like my arch nemesis word, isn't the type of thing worth getting upset over.
So, all right.
And Bobby Blackwell also says, I do thank Epic gamers for beta testing Borderlands 3 ahead of its launch next March.
All right. You get the joke there, right?
I was checking. Y'all got the joke, right?
Okay. Let's move on to a time when the jokes were simpler.
We're going to go to the classic game of the week.
And every week here on the show, usually when she's here, Dark Sakura will step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking out this game this week.
But Dark Sakura, as we know, is taking a trip down memory lane with the 80s hits from Weird Al Yankovic.
That's why she's not here tonight.
So in her place tonight, usually I try to tape something in advance with a special guest.
But because of all the other stuff I've been doing today, namely a 30 minute immunity challenge, among other things, I didn't get around to doing that segment with somebody else.
So it's been a little while since Loki got to pick.
Yes. And unfortunately, I picked a good one first and then I thought of all these other ones afterwards.
I'm like, oh man, I should have done those.
I thought you meant the first one that you shot down.
I shot down his first pick because it's a pick where I said, no, that needs to be the game that's like on the last OLR or on some big number OLR game.
No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about like the other weird things I thought of after the fact.
But this is a really good one that you picked.
So when you texted me this, I'm like, oh, this is perfect.
So the game that we picked, I can describe it in one word.
Rush.
That's right. That's the sound I would hear every time I would go.
Oh, I just want to say I don't know how that happened. My template is muted over.
No, no. The classic game noise is just very low.
It's actually the long play is by classic game videos, not the name displayed there, but their watermark is on the corner there.
Sorry, guys. It's a typo on my end.
Anyways, that's the sound I used to hear every time I'd go play Cuzar because we had a San Francisco Rush Extreme Racing machine, actually two of them there to play.
And so San Francisco Rush Extreme Racing was a game that was put out by Atari Games published by Midway back in 1996.
It later then came out on consoles, of course, of the Nintendo 64 and 97 and finally PlayStation 98.
Of course, San Francisco Rush was a very stunt based racing game set in San Francisco with all sorts of crazy obstacle courses and shortcuts to go through.
Lots of air and all sorts of fun stuff. And I wasn't very good at it, but it was a lot of fun.
The game was they had several different versions of the game. They kind of all came out around the same time each other.
The one I played the most was actually San Francisco Rush The Rock.
So that version featured a set of tracks in Alcatraz, which are pretty fun as well.
That was in 97. And then, of course, they also had a version that came out in 98 that I was unaware of called San Francisco Rush The Rock Wave Net, which apparently supported online multiplayer.
All the way back in 98. That's kind of crazy.
So San Francisco Rush was built around the 3DFX Voodoo Graphics dual chip.
Voodoo Economics?
It was, yeah, it apparently had cars going 150 to 160 miles per hour.
And they, of course, created an alternate version of San Francisco for the game.
Some really great ports. So the Nintendo 64 edition, I remember playing that one quite a bit.
The PlayStation one as well. They also did it as part of the Midway Treasures, volume of three.
I believe it had all the racing games in there. That came out in GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox at one time.
And I think I even have the PC version on that.
Of course, this followed up later on. They had an Nintendo 64 sequel, Rush 2 Extreme Racing USA.
That was released in 1998. And, of course, the arcade follow up, San Francisco Rush 2049.
And that came out later on in the Dreamcast and Nintendo 64 as well.
And then, finally, they had LA Rush, which was released in 2005. I never played that one.
But, yeah, got some decent reviews and I definitely spent a lot of money on this game.
And had a lot of fun playing it.
But, yeah, that's my pick. San Francisco Rush.
And we really need, like, an updated version of this to come out, aside from 2049.
I think they do have, actually, a newer one now that's one of those...
I don't know. I get that confused with Cruis'n USA or the Cruis'n series, but they need a new one.
Besides, the targets aren't really making anything decent.
Maybe this will be...
Oh, they have their own little computer, though.
I was about to say, maybe this will be something that comes out on their new console.
But, yeah. So, the Classic Game of the Week, San Francisco Rush, Extreme Racing.
Are you done there?
Sorry, I'm sending Jamie a text message real quick while she's at the concert.
There was a very kind gesture in our chat room that I want to make sure she knows about,
so I'm trying to text her right now. So, anyway.
Well, you don't have anything else to say about the game?
I don't have anything else to say. I wonder if this is something...
They should run this for Awesome Games Done Quick.
I would love to see, like, someone actually take all the shortcuts in these.
Did you ever play, like, the home versions on Nintendo 64?
I played the Nintendo 64 one, yeah, quite a bit, actually.
That was because it was actually a really good port of it, and I think that was the Rush to Rock one.
I just remember trying to play this, like, every time I'd go to try to hit that tunnel right there,
it always crashed in the roof.
It was just... That was one of the things with the driving cabinets that they had in here,
that, like, it was very hard to steer those cars.
I mean, they were just... Yeah, that was me pretty much the entire time,
just crashing into the walls.
But, yeah, it was a fun game.
You know what game you could have picked for racing?
F-Zero, because I don't think we... I don't think... Or F-Zero GX.
I don't think it's... I'm pretty sure we picked F-Zero.
Have we? Oh, maybe. I don't know. All right.
Anyway, no, but that's a really good pick. Like, I can't be mad about that, for sure.
So there it is, the classic game of the week. San Francisco Rush.
Yes. All right. Anyway, let's move on.
We've got plenty more show to go, plenty more stories to cover,
and your calls a little later on on our Discord server
over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
First, some rapid fire news.
So the first thing we have is they finally put out the final list
of the PC Engine TurboGrafx-16 mini games that are going to be coming out.
So, newly announced games that are going to be coming to those versions as well.
So now we have, aside from everything that's been released so far,
Dragon's Spirit, Galaga 88, the Genji and the Hyaki clans,
The Legend of Valkyrie, Seirei Senshi Spriggan, and Spriggan Mark II,
as well as they're going to be including Splatterhouse as well.
And it makes a total of 50 games that are going to be bundled with those now.
So that's pretty awesome.
March, I don't know.
I didn't get in on that, but eh, what are you going to do?
I did, and hearing this news makes me even happier.
Now we get Splatterhouse too on top of all that,
and there are some other good games in there too.
I'm so pumped for this TurboGrafx.
Never in my life have I been excited about a TurboGrafx thing, but I am tonight.
So this is pretty exciting.
So there is a brand new total conversion mod
that's being done for Serious Sam Fusion,
or I should say Serious Sam 3 is part of Serious Sam Fusion,
and it is a total conversion that puts the game of Duke Nukem 3D in that engine.
So it is a remake of Duke Nukem 3D, but here's the best part about it.
So not only is it Duke Nukem 3D with better graphics and better gameplay,
but they have expanded levels, new weapons, new music made just for the mod,
and VR support, and it looks fucking awesome.
And the best part is it's free, so you can actually find it.
It's called Serious Duke 3D, so go to the Serious Sam Fusion 2017.
They have the beta version I think that you can get.
And if you have Serious Sam 3, then you can download this mod for free,
and it's linked within their forums that they have in Steam.
But I've got to check this out. I think I have all the Serious Sam collection.
I don't know if I have Fusion though, but I'll take a look at that.
But it looked really good, so I'm really wanting to check this out.
It looks actually, funny enough, better than what Gearbox would have done with this stuff.
So before I get to my rapid-fire stories, I've been texting DarkSakura a little bit
because of that very kind gesture from She-Hulk in our chat room.
But DarkSakura actually texted me this very lovely picture.
That's why I stood up for a minute here, so I can show it again.
Very lovely picture of herself and Dan. There you go.
They're at the Weirdo concert. You can see the empty seats behind them.
So I don't think it started just yet. It probably starts at about 8 o'clock.
So very lovely. What a handsome couple there. They look great.
So good photo. Thank you, She-Hulk, because I probably would not have texted her
if you hadn't provoked me to with that lovely gesture in our chat room.
So there you go. Anyway, I'm sure they'll be having fun at the concert.
RumJumpStompInChat says, when I saw Weird Al, he stayed after and met every single fan that wanted to.
That sounds like such a weird Al thing to do. It really does.
I remember when DarkSakura and I went to see Greg Proops,
and he didn't have the hugest turnout here in SAC because his podcast was still new,
and it was right around New Year's. I think it was the Saturday between Christmas and New Year's,
and he was here, so he didn't have the hugest crowd.
It was on a Thursday night, but DarkSakura and I went, and he was really cool.
He came around and shook everybody's hand in the audience.
It was like, thank you for being here. I'm Greg. Who are you?
So I always thought that was a very classy move.
I think he still does the smartest man in the world thing.
He's had that podcast for forever. We went and saw that live once. It was a lot of fun.
Bobby Blackwell says Penn and Teller also hang out in the lobby. That's really cool.
I love it when people are... I think that's a very humble thing to do.
But I also respect sometimes when folks are emotionally spent and they can't do that stuff.
I don't think people should ever have an expectation,
because I can totally respect when maybe a performer has put their all into a performance,
and so they just don't have that emotional gas tank or whatever you want to call it to go out and see everybody.
I totally respect that, but that is amazing these folks that can do that and do have that energy
kind of going that extra mile. That's always really, really cool.
Anyway, let's move on. Sorry, that was a random tangent, but it happens here on OLR.
Getting into some other gaming news, a big tweet from Reggie Fils-Aime,
who ever since he kind of stepped down as head of Nintendo America,
he has a Twitter account. He doesn't really tweet every day. He doesn't speak up all the time.
I think he's just probably enjoying retirement and time with his kids.
And he fucking earned it, so let him, right?
But he showed up this week. I got something to say, pretty much.
And so when Reggie speaks, y'all better fucking listen.
And this has to do with a comment on deadly mass shootings and the violence in America
and some of the blame that video games are taking for this.
And Reggie Fils-Aime tweeted the following, and I quote,
When the ill-informed are being critical of the gaming industry and community,
this is a very powerful story.
He had actually quote-tweeted a Jeff Keighley story about video games
and bringing people together and actually helping to get somebody to get Canadian citizenship
through the power of video games. So this was a quote-tweet for Reggie Fils-Aime.
You can attach somebody else's tweet. So this is what that was.
So anyway, this is a very powerful story.
The facts are that countries with higher per capita gaming revenue have fewer gun shooting deaths,
except the US, where 4% of the population own 43% of the guns.
And you know, I don't want to step into gun debate tonight,
but I think he does make that point, as a lot of people have said this point.
Japan has the same video games we do.
Most of the countries in Europe have the same video games we do.
Australia, save for one or two, like Mortal Kombat and stuff,
you know, some of those tragedy, or not tragedy, sorry,
some of those controversies is the word I was looking for.
Australia, for the most part, has the same video games we do, and so on and so on.
These countries do not have the level of the problems we have.
Yes, we all know there was a horrific incident that happened in New Zealand.
It doesn't happen at the frequency that it's happening here.
You know what I mean?
Right, and we understand that, but it's pretty transparent why politicians are blaming video games,
because they're getting paid by the NRA, they get money from the NRA.
And they don't get money from video games.
They don't get money from video games, and unfortunately they're beholden to money,
and so they just blame video games because it's an old way of thinking, blaming other things.
There's been so many things to blame violence on, like whether it was comic books,
or rock and roll music, or movies, or TV, or video games, or whatever.
I mean, Magic the Gathering, I mean, just all sorts of ridiculous things that people blame violence on,
and it's never-
Oh, Bobby in chat says D&D. I remember-
D&D, yes.
When my mom was like, you're playing Dungeons and Dragons, you can't rob.
Don't use your imagination, at least of violence!
I know, but what's interesting to me is because I do think my mom learned a lot in the years that she was alive that I was growing up.
I think she learned a lot through me, and I think my mom in her late 70s before she passed,
I think if she looked back at some of the things she had said when I was growing up like that,
I think she would go, at least he wasn't doing drugs.
That would have honestly been what she would have fallen on.
It's like, so he was playing D&D, at least he wasn't doing drugs, you know?
It's stupid, and it really is, and unfortunately, if the government makes decisions about censoring video games,
we're not going to see any change in the violence that's out there, and it's not going to make a difference.
They just need to get the work that needs to be done, done.
When everybody keeps saying, do something about the gun violence, do something about the guns, they need to do that.
The problem is, the base that supports the people that are in power right now, they love their guns,
and they won't have anybody telling them that guns are bad, because they're used as a threat.
Oh, if these people get elected, they're going to take your guns away, and that's what it comes down to, is politics.
The cracks in all of that are starting to show, it's taken way too fucking long, but the cracks in that are finally starting to show.
The governor of Ohio tried to give some speech right after all that.
There were all of these people out there yelling, do something, do something, do something.
They just started screaming during this whole thing, do something.
And he pretty much was not able to give his speech, and you know what?
The next day, he came out and said, I think maybe it's time to look at doing this type of thing.
I don't remember the exact thing he proposed, but I don't remember if it was the extended background checks or something like that,
but it took the people going out and being fucking pissed off to finally make that change.
And it took way too long.
And then when you had the president mimicking that, well, maybe we'll look at extending the background checks or whatever,
then he gets a call from the NRA saying, that's not a good idea, you shouldn't be doing that,
and then he walks it back because, hey, if you want our support, you're not going to do that.
Anyway, I think Dark Titsia kind of wraps this up, to try to shift away from politics,
Dark Titsia I think kind of wraps this up nicely with his comment in our chat saying,
I didn't want to open this can of worms again, I just thought it was really great that Reggie would go to bat for us.
And I absolutely agree, absolutely agree.
You know, it's great that, because Reggie didn't have to say shit, he doesn't work in the video games industry anymore.
Reggie can sit there sipping a drink out of a coconut on the Bahamas and the islands and not give a fuck about any of this,
and he would be well within his rights to do so, but the fact that he is still, like, he's showing up from all that to say something about this,
that's near and dear to his heart, like, as if we didn't love him enough, right?
As if we didn't love Reggie enough, like, anyway, what a stud.
Alright, anyway, that's all I can say about Reggie, what a stud.
I think even heterosexual men can agree, what a stud.
Alright, moving on.
Going to a completely different comment here on Sega Ages and the Sega Ages collection.
Space Harrier and Puyo Puyo are games that will be coming out on August 22nd in the West.
So, yeah, the Sega Ages lineup, very cool, kind of adds a little something to these classic games.
Obviously, Puyo Puyo was also Kirby's Dream Machine, or was it Kirby's?
I might add, I think I mixed the titles, Mr. Robot, or Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine and Kirby's Dream?
Kirby, or was it?
Kirby's Avalanche! Oh my god, why is that name escaping?
Like, you even say it in the beginning of that game, Kirby's Avalanche!
Anyways, sorry!
I'm sure Act F is, like, screaming the name in chat right now, but I did figure it out before I read chat.
Okay, so anyway, Puyo Puyo is the game all of those are based on, and that will be very cool.
I mean, I think a lot of people saw the Puyo Puyo Cross Tetris was out recently on Switch too, and PS4.
So Puyo Puyo is making its way to Sega Ages, and of course Space Harrier, which, you know,
Dark Soccer is one of her favorite quotes, the welcome to the fantasy zone, get ready.
That all comes from Space Harrier, so it's a bummer she's not here tonight to read this story herself,
but I'm sure she will have her hands all over this come August 22nd, so that's going to be very cool.
They will be out on the Nintendo Switch coming August 22nd.
I think I'll have to pick that up.
Space Harrier really reminds me of a game called 3D World Runner, which I'm sure was, like, inspired by,
you know, I'm sure there's a lot, but I happen to play the other one first.
So, but, like, Space Harrier is very cool, so I kind of want to check that out.
That might be a game I can stream, we'll see.
Anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about what is in stores this week.
Let's travel around the world and check out video games coming to a store near you.
Well, we've got Friday the 13th, the game coming out on Nintendo Switch.
Oh, yeah, finally I'm making a way to the Switch, yeah.
Because the 13th falls on this week, that's why they're releasing it.
We have the Bard's Tale trilogy on Xbox One, Rebel Galaxy Outlaw on PC,
Ion Fury on PC, Mac, and Linux.
We've got a Vasara collection on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And finally, the Grandia HD collection on Nintendo Switch.
All right, not sure what's going on in Japan this week,
but it seems like it's kind of a slower week.
We don't really have a lot of releases on the PlayStation 4.
They don't really ramp up until August 22nd,
so the PlayStation 4 is pretty quiet in Japan.
Taking a peek at the Nintendo Switch, I don't see anything out there either.
Like, there's some peripherals and things,
but they don't really pick up until this 22nd either.
I don't know if there's holidays or what have you going on,
but it's just a very slow time of the year,
so no Japanese releases outside of just minor hardware
and things like that to talk about right now.
So there you go.
Let's move on to the UK, Loki.
All right, not much coming out of the UK either.
We've got Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelist Link Evolution
coming out on Nintendo Switch, and that is it.
All right, it must be slow.
But I mean, August isn't typically a big time.
I feel like around Labor Day.
We're going to ramp up for September.
That's true.
But once we start to get into September,
it's going to really start to ramp up again,
so that certainly makes sense.
All right, sorry, I misclicked on the little story bar
on the right-hand side, so we're behind a little bit.
So we're going to move on from world release dates
and head on into our mailbag.
Every week, we invite your e-mails over at
participate at orangeloungeradio.com,
and we read some of our favorite e-mails here on the show.
Actually, this week, we really only have one e-mail,
so let's get to it over at participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Robert M. with a follow-up to last week,
when we were talking about Pokémon Go
and some of the new filtering systems in Pokémon Go.
Robert M. starts off this week,
thank you very much for the advice for Pokémon Go.
I did find that I have three four-star Pokémon,
which I marked as favorites.
You're going to tell us that
and then not tell us what Pokémon they were?
I'm so disappointed.
All right, oh well.
I will say I got a second Sentret
that's a perfect Sentret this week,
so I have two perfect Sentrets.
I mean, of all the freaking Pokémon to have perfects,
I get that one.
Oh well.
Anyway, Robert M. continues,
as far as other gaming stuffs,
I have become pretty hooked on the Switch port
of Lethal League Blaze.
It's been out since what?
October on Windows,
more recently having a Mac port,
along with the original.
Have any of you checked this one out?
Thanks again.
And that is from Robert M.
I must admit,
I don't know a lot about Lethal League Blaze,
so I'm actually trying to pull up
a little more information on this right now.
It is a projectile fighting game, apparently,
that's available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch,
and of course, as was mentioned there,
Windows and Mac OS.
So yeah, it looks like it's a high-speed ball game
with different characters.
And yeah, interesting.
I'm trying to look at the description.
Something on Google caught my eye here
when I Googled this game.
I have to see if it really says this.
Hold on here.
Okay, when I Google it,
the little preview on Nintendo's site...
Hold on, I gotta go back to this,
because this is really interesting.
So I Googled the name of the game.
Yeah, okay.
So look, this little preview here of Nintendo's site.
It says,
Lethal League Blaze is an intense high-speed ball game
with unique characters, out-of-sight sounds,
and none of that weak shit.
Yeah, it's actually...
Lethal League is pretty awesome.
Hold on, hold on.
Who got the word shit on a Nintendo website?
That's what I want to know.
Where did that shit come from?
Literally, where did that shit come from?
I don't know.
And now I'm looking at the site itself,
and it's telling me that my computer is not running
a good enough browser, and I need to upgrade and so forth.
But that is so funny.
Is that like a user comment or something?
What I like about Lethal League Blaze,
and one of the things, actually,
I have one of the tracks on my rotation that I listen to.
So Hideki Naganuma does music on there,
and you may remember him from...
No, I can't remember the damn god...
Fucking the roller skating...
Oh, Jet Set.
Jet Set Radio, thank you.
Yes, so you may remember him from Jet Set Radio,
or from 2DX.
He also did songs in 2DX as well,
but he has a song in there called
Ain't Nothin' Like...
What was it?
Was it Ain't Nothin' Like...
Well, you can tell that that's gonna be the tone, though,
like a Jet Set...
That's a game.
Oh my god, Sega's AAA announcement.
Oh my god, Loki, Loki, Loki.
Sega's AAA announcement.
What if? What if?
That'd be cool.
A new Jet Set game.
And it's AAA because the music is gonna be off the charts.
Oh, now look, I'm getting my hopes up.
This is me getting my hopes up live.
Now I want Sega to announce a new Jet Set game.
Oh my god, that'd be so amazing.
It's probably gonna be like a new Dead or Alive.
Yeah.
SSG100Matt and Chad said the exact same thing
at the same time.
What if that AAA game is Jet Set in that series?
Hey, you know what they say, SSG100Matt,
great minds think like me.
Oh, no, Tecmo's Dead or Alive.
What's the Sega one?
Virtual Fighter?
Yeah, Virtual Fighter.
The Sega thing.
Yeah.
You never know.
All right.
Dark Tetsuya says,
well, I think Hideki is composing for Streets of Rage 4.
Yeah, I think so too.
And Act Def bringing us down to reality saying,
that would be amazing, but I don't think it's happening.
Womp womp.
But the game is really weird, so it's a fighting game,
but with a baseball or something like that.
So they're actually throwing this ball around
as you're fighting.
It's really weird.
But it looks pretty cool.
Speaking of Sega letting us down,
you remember that Actraiser clone they were doing?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm hearing it.
Yeah, I know.
I'm hearing this ain't it.
Garbage.
This ain't it.
Spiritual six.
Ain't it.
That's a bummer.
I still kind of want to try it and see for myself
because, you know, I don't remember Actraiser being
on people's top 10 list back in the day.
Like that was kind of one of those like underground
sort of like titles.
But a lot of stuff I'm reading about the Sega thing.
Yeah.
It's a new Altered Beast.
That's what the.
Yike.
Yike.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get to some more news.
Loki.
All right.
So because as we were just talking about the whole
gun debate and everything and with everybody blaming
video games for the violence,
Walmart does the most Walmart thing ever.
And they decided that, hey, guess what?
We're going to remove all violent video game signage
in the store so that we don't we want to any signing
or display that contains violent images or aggressive
behavior needs to come down.
So remove, turn off, cancel.
You know, anything that has to do with that stuff
because of these mass shootings that have been going on.
We're still going to sell guns,
but remove those video game signs.
Just so you know, no one gets offended.
I think I mean, if they don't want to advertise
or promote certain games, you know,
they are within their rights.
I just I'm disappointed that they have played into
this narrative that is false.
That certain people are putting out there about video games
and the effect that it has on people with no proof
to back that up.
Especially when, again, video games are not something
unique to the United States of America.
These same video games are in Canada, Australia,
Britain, Scotland, Japan.
The list goes on and on.
You get the point.
And they don't have these same problems
in these other places.
Yet we have them here.
Well, so it's just it's just disappointing that
Walmart kind of got on that bandwagon, so to speak.
Well, on top of that, also,
there was supposed to be some sort of what was it?
I don't know if it was an no, it wasn't anthem.
It was the there was supposed to be some other like
online competition that was going to be around.
I can't remember the name of the game.
But anyways, they were like postponing it again
because of the mass shootings.
And it was funny because like I was watching Jim Sterling
talking about, you know, these mass shootings
and stuff and how they're postponing this tournament
because of that.
He's like, so what are they going to do next week
when the next mass shooting happens
or the next week when the next mass shooting happens
or the week after that?
They're just going to keep pushing this tournament
down the road because of these mass shootings.
It's not going to change anything
because game violence doesn't have any bearing
on this mass shooting stuff.
Now, Dr. Suya in chat says,
don't they only sell the clean versions of albums
or am I remembering it wrong?
No, they used to.
That was the thing that they used to do.
I don't think they do that anymore.
Well, I think in general,
they got out of the music business.
They still sell music, but it's very little.
Even like movies is very, very skilled back.
Because a lot of that went digital.
And I'm sure games are going to go that same way, too,
as more and more of that goes digital.
Yeah, eventually.
You know what else is kind of weird
about this whole story in a very like
it's a small world kind of way?
Like the guy that broke this on Twitter
and had the copy of the Walmart announcement
and all that.
Yeah, longtime Twitter friend of mine.
I was like the second or third person.
I like that tweet.
Yeah, I know, right?
It's a weird like small world type of thing.
I don't know where he got it.
I have a theory, but it's not within my,
it's not my business at all to say.
But yeah, I just thought that,
I thought that was interesting
because I remember seeing that tweet.
And I remember, I think I might've even retweeted it
because I was like, very, I was like, God,
I was like, geez, Louis, you know,
I'm just rolling my eyes again.
Like, you know, video games getting blamed for things.
And then what is this?
What year is this?
Suddenly I'm reading a story on NPR
and they like linked to that same tweet.
And I was like, oh, I know.
I'm happy for him though
because I think he's trying to like land a journalism.
Like he's kind of like trying to find
a journalism position and stuff now.
So hopefully this will, in a weird way,
bring some attention and maybe help him with that.
So anyway, it's a weird aside,
but you guys have to admit like,
has that ever happened to you
where like you're on a website
and like you see a tweet or you see a thing
and you're like, I know that person.
Like that's the weird like kind of world we live in, right?
Yeah.
Anyway, let's see.
Going to the chat for some of the comments.
Bob Coffee says, music got scaled back,
but games and PC gaming got scaled up.
Interesting.
ST100Matt says, I'm sure they will still green light
during midnight and launches of Call of Duty and so forth.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Kaishudo in chat says, there's a method to the madness.
You have crazy people that want to copy
the latest news headline.
So it's smart to postpone it if you can.
Just till it's out of the news cycle.
But at the same time, you know, it's,
then maybe, you know, I know, of course,
we can't stop selling guns.
It's just, we can't do that.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's let's go to somewhat lighter fare
and talk about, let's talk about real problems.
Oh, Ninja.
There's even more to this.
Okay.
You get into the second half
because I saw some of this in chat
and I was like, wait a minute,
you get into the second half.
I'll tell the first half.
Okay, here's the first half.
So the first half is that, as you all know,
Ninja left Twitch.
I mean, here we are two weeks later,
we're still talking about it,
but it's because he went over to Mixer.
So he's over there now.
I haven't watched, I didn't watch the streams before.
I haven't watched them since the move,
but I, once in a while I check out things on Mixer,
especially like the official Microsoft stuff.
You know, I have a few, I did like two broadcasts on Mixer.
I always see a trailer for,
or they have a loop that's in GameStop
because we go there occasionally
so my son can play the demos for...
For Mixer?
Yeah, Microsoft, they have a kiosk for Microsoft.
No playable demos there, but we have,
it's a trailer for Mixer
and they have a trailer for that
accessibility controller that they have,
which I'm like, that's cool that they have a trailer there
for that, but who's really buying that?
No one's buying that here at GameStop right now,
but it's cool that they have it.
But there's a long trailer for Mixer.
Showing like someone playing Forza Horizon.
Okay, so anyway, Twitch has kind of repurposed
his channel a little bit.
I mean, it's, look, Twitch got a lot of clicks.
It makes sense, I think, for, sorry,
Ninja got Twitch a lot of clicks.
It makes sense for Twitch to kind of repurpose
his channel a little bit for the people
that might end up there or be curious.
And so they changed it with a message that says,
the Ninja you're looking for is in another castle, right?
I'll throw back to Mario.
TEEHEE.
Check out these other popular live channels
and then of course it shows, you know,
other people playing Fortnite and so forth.
And some of the other big streamers
that do Fortnite is out there.
So that is what Twitch did.
But apparently there's a part two to this, right, Loki?
Yes, the part two is apparently that now on Twitch
it is showing the top Fortnite streamers
on his channel instead.
And what do you think was the top Fortnite streamer recently?
Why, it was people fucking on camera.
That's right, people fucking on Twitch,
right on camera for everybody to see.
That's the new Fortnite and guess which video
was number one on that channel for Ninja.
That's right, it's people fucking the game.
And of course he was not happy about that.
He says this is disgusted and I'm so sorry.
Oh, give me a break.
That's what he said, did he put out a comment
as to how disgusted he is about this?
Yeah, Ninja did, because it's not his channel anymore.
Okay, like look, ha ha, somebody got
porned out on Twitch.
I'm sure Twitch shut that down ASAP.
But don't fucking fame like, oh my God,
really, in front of my salad?
Really?
Somebody game the system, I'm sure it got shut down.
Somebody got a screen grab in the 30 seconds it was up.
His channel now, he says Twitch has now reverted
my channel back to how an offline page should look.
Thank you.
So they've shut everything down now.
Oh my God.
But seriously, it's just, it's ridiculous.
And I saw a screenshot and I was like...
Run Jump Stomp said Twitch left it running for over two hours.
Was it like on the weekend or something?
How did it go for so long?
I don't know, but like, come on Twitch dude.
Well, I mean...
Okay, we all know that the Fortnite
top recommended stream thing is probably
automated, right? We've already
talked about what people read into those thumbnails
and so forth. Do you think
that these people fucking
or whatever, do you think that is the world's
first people
on Twitch having sex?
No, of course not, because we had playroom.
I was just about to say,
I was just about to say the fucking playroom
on PlayStation 4. Like, oh my God,
like, if I could go back,
if I could go back to a time in
gaming history, I would
not go back to the NES or the
Atari 2600. I would not go back to those days.
Because, look, I have a lot of love
in my heart for the Commodore 64 in all those
days. I love those days. But here's
where, you know what I'd go back to?
I would go back to when the PlayStation 4 was brand
new and people were streaming the most
wild shit on the playroom.
Because...
Because what is better
than having sex on stream,
having sex on stream while
augmented reality
robots stare at you and go, what the
fuck is going on? Like, what are they
doing?
They start walking on your back and shit.
Kaijuno says,
nah, before playroom we had poker on the
PlayStation 2 and itoy TV.
I forgot, yo.
People could do that on the Xbox 360
with Uno. I remember that was the thing.
I'll show you Draw4.
Yes, I remember when we used
the itoy for streaming our
channel.
Did we use an itoy camera to broadcast
like the 30 second update
clips? Yes, we used to do
that because, and then we also, we
streamed playing that stupid washing
windows game that they had on there.
Remember that? Itoy play.
Yeah, itoy play. Remember that dumb little song
where now I'm washing windows.
Yes.
Yes.
We used to do that.
Why is it so funny? I don't know.
It was stupid, but it worked.
I just want to
come out with a very serious note here, and this isn't
funny. We shouldn't laugh at this when it comes to porn,
but it's worth talking about.
YouTube has a huge problem of people
trying to get porn on YouTube kids.
That's gross. Very sick people
try to do this. I see this as the same thing.
And you know, bringing us back to Earth
a little bit here. Yeah, I mean there's a lot of kids
that look for Fortnite type of streams too.
So even though we might be having, you know,
a laugh at the people doing porn, if kids
find it, it isn't really that funny. Although
parents should be watching what their kids are
clicking on. And also, they don't have a Twitch
Kids or anything like that, and I would see a lot
of streamers out there probably language wise
wouldn't necessarily be, you know,
friendly for kids, so. Fair.
I would be, I wouldn't
let my kids go on Twitch probably.
Yeah, like unsupervised for sure.
I mean, the crap that my son watches
most of the time, like
I swear to God, it's
fucking Roblox and the guys
talking about gold diggers all the fucking
time and how there's like women
on there that are trying to get Robux
or, I don't know what the fuck these people
are talking about, but like, why are you
talking about gold diggers? You don't fucking know anything
about what you're talking about.
Now Questbuster says that's probably why Ninja was
really upset. He knows his audience and having that
on his former channel on Twitch was not
a good look. Right, because
a lot of people might not know that he moved to
Mixer, and they're like, well, why is Ninja
streaming porn on his channel?
Even though it's not, it's like a
recommend feed for somebody else, but like
you know, people don't read into anything.
Why couldn't he just be a little more shady about it?
Why couldn't he just be like, well, now you know why I left Twitch.
Like, why couldn't he just be shady?
You know, seriously though,
that is a conversation that a lot
of people are having right now about
the unfair
treatment between, like, some people
on the platform are getting better treatment than other
people on the platform, and
for some reason recently, like, people
just abusing their pets.
I don't know why this is a trend.
Oh, can we not? Because like, oh my
god, like, I get more upset about
like the girl that threw the cat on the floor
and all this. I get more upset about that than like
people. Oh no, it's not
even, it's not even that, but like, there's
another one, it was
they put their dog in a dryer
and turned it on. No, I don't want to hear it.
It's gross, disgusting. But yeah, I don't know
what's wrong with people. People are
fucked up, and they shouldn't be streaming that shit.
No, absolutely not. Gross.
Oh my god, like, there's a special
place for you in hell when that all
oh, I've just discussed it. Why would people
Can we move on please? Yes, move on.
Yes, please. And honestly, sadly
this is not a great story to move on to,
but it's just the way the story has landed this week, so
Yes, it is. Let's get more upset.
So let's talk about how people are being
man babies again, so
you know,
apparently Twitch
employees are getting threats
and now the
police are involved, so
apparently they've been having
there's been a serious threat made against
our San Francisco HQ on Tuesday
and have been working directly with law
enforcement as they investigate.
The safety and security of our employees
is top priority, and we are focused
on ensuring this is resolved quickly
and safely, and to help
with that, they're having employees actually
work from home.
They didn't say exactly what
the
threat was, which is probably fine
because they don't want copycats, but
that, you know, the fact that you're
there's an active threat against a platform
or a company, and like, you know,
I'm assuming too, the serious threat, like, we're gonna
come in and shoot up your building or something like that.
You gotta take that so seriously. I mean, like,
not even a few months ago
this happened in YouTube.
Of course, you don't, you don't say, like,
what is the number one thing
that, like, in the biggest font when you're going through the
TSA at the airport, don't even
joke, right? Like, that's like,
like, don't, don't even joke because it
ain't funny, you know, and it's the
same thing with these
threats people are calling into
Twitch and all this stuff.
You know, it's not funny. Yeah.
It's very serious in this, especially in this world
that we live in. It's gross.
This is why we need to bring back
spanking. They need to find
this person and they need to spank them.
Like, it's just, it's
like the little child that they are with
this little,
it's just disgusting. Yeah. I think it's so
gross. All right.
Anyhow, I hope they find
the person and my hearts go out
to the Twitch people that were probably, honestly, with
everything else going on in the world, we're probably
shook by this, you know, like,
I got nothing else to say.
Let's move on.
Let's do, can we do something lighthearted, please?
How about a rumor? How about a good old
gaming rumor? All right. Good.
When we need to, when we need to lighten
the tone a little bit, let's do, either we get Mr. Smoosh
on camera, but that's his choice, or
we talk about gaming rumors. So,
let's talk about a
patent that was filed by Microsoft recently
to turn your smartphone
into a gaming device.
Huh. That's kind of interesting.
So, there was a patent that was put in last month,
and it's actually
detailing a charging device
for removable input modules.
So, the patent isn't for this controller,
but you can kind of see this controller in the mock-ups.
So, basically, imagine
I were to take my cell phone,
okay, and I would actually plug in,
think like Switch-style joy-cons
on the left side and the right side,
but something that a little bit more resembled
a Xbox One
gamepad. That's kind of what
it looks like for those of you that haven't seen the visuals
yet. And there would be, of course,
a number of color options in this patent,
two halves of a controller,
it clips around your smartphone.
So, you know, and again, companies
file patents all the time that they don't even use,
so it may mean nothing, but
what do we know?
Microsoft's going to be making a big push into
cloud streaming and all that stuff, right?
Microsoft doesn't exactly have the Windows phone
stuff, really, like they used to have,
so it makes sense for them to partner up with Android
and iOS,
which Apple has
really been, Google to some extent, too, has really
been lacking some type of official gaming
controller that could really make
things more playable on those
screens, right, because everything on those
systems is touch, which is fine
when the games are designed for touch,
like Pokemon Go or something,
but Xbox 360 and
Xbox One games are not designed for touch,
so it makes sense that you would have this little controller
or whatever, but I gotta
say, if this ends up being true,
what a clever little idea on
Microsoft's part to basically,
because it's going to be a lot cheaper than selling you
something like a PlayStation Vita. This is not
a PlayStation Vita, this is almost
certainly something that's going to tie
into xCloud and
Microsoft's streaming services
to allow you to play Xbox One
games and others like that.
Not even that, or just streaming from your
console, well yeah, I remember that xCloud was
also the streaming from console, kind of like
how they did with the remote play stuff, but
you know, something similar,
sounds like.
Yeah, so anyway,
and it should be noted that some of
the designs we're seeing out there are mockups
and so forth, they are not,
they're based on the patents, but they're not necessarily
from the patents, so please be careful
with what you see out there.
However, it is very,
sorry, I have coughs,
it is very interesting that Microsoft
is looking at doing this, it makes a lot of sense
for what could their direction be
when it comes to the cloud and all this,
you know, and how they're going to
solve the issue of gaming on the go,
but not necessarily like, you know,
on your
phone, but with your phone. Yeah, it's not like
a dedicated device, it's just
you know, its own
thing that can attach to tablets. So
SJ100Matt points out that Asus has a phone that's
almost like this, it's a gaming cell phone, it's
called the Asus ROG.
You know, and he says
it's pretty amazing, and I bet it is pretty amazing, but
still, also interesting
in a way, I think, that you know, if you get
Microsoft and something of that caliber
behind this, and Microsoft says, this
is the solution we are endorsing, so you can
play Halo, you can play
Sea of Thieves, you can play whatever
on Project
Scorpio and all this stuff, you know,
if they like roll this out at the same time, this could be very,
very big. And it's an
interesting way to kind of address
the Switch thing, like
playing it on your, but without
necessarily putting out a clone of the Switch.
Well, and eventually, when we get 5G
rolled out everywhere, and then you have
unlimited plans and stuff like that,
then it makes this type of gaming
feasible on the go.
Now, Dr. Tetsuya said earlier
in our chat, saying, I have to wonder if
Tommy Tallarico has heard about this, it sort of
sounds up the alley from what
he was looking into for extra Amico
controllers, that comment from our
Twitch channel at twitch.tv slash vognetwork
as we tape live here on Sunday night.
But, yeah.
Aren't we getting something Amico-related from
Gamescom as well?
Well, we know they were kind of at
E3, but we didn't get a lot out of that, besides
some of the console designs, which look pretty
hot, but I don't know if we know much about
the games yet, maybe we'll get some of that out of
Gamescom, but I still feel like Intellivision's a big
question mark on a lot of things, but
they're not out until, what was their day,
10-10-2020 or something like that was their big day.
So, they've still got over a year to go,
so I imagine we're not going to start seeing all the games
just yet, so. Oh!
Okay, Bobby's there to
correct me, as usual, saying
yes, the new trailer comes out at
Gamescom with 14 games
and the hardware, so apparently, I guess there was
an announcement, I didn't see it. So,
hmm, pretty cool.
Yeah. Yeah. Anyway.
Alright, so maybe
that's something that'll show up. Well, I didn't see
Intellivision on the list of who was showing up to
Jeff Keighley's thing, but I guess they probably want to do their own thing
if this is like the big reveal of the games.
So curious what kind of games they got.
So curious. I want to know if YYR
got in or not, because you know if he did,
he's not going to be able to talk about it even on this show.
So, I'm just crossing my fingers on my toes
for him, so. Alright, Bobby says
it was supposed to be August 1st, but they delayed it
to Gamescom. Well, that makes sense, you know.
Why not? Why not kick it off with a
big gaming show and show all of that?
Alright, we are almost
to your calls, if anybody wants to
call in tonight at our Discord server, vognetwork.com,
vognetwork.com slash
Discord, but we have a couple more stories
for you guys first, and Loki's about to
make me very upset. Yes,
isn't it so lovely how we talked
last week about how the 2019
E3
attendees, you know, they went there and had
all their information leaked and were like, see, this is
why we don't go to E3. This doesn't
affect us at all. And then they sent us a
fucking email saying, hey, guess what? Hey,
you went to E3 in 2006 or
2004, we leaked your shit too.
And wasn't I
like sitting here going, thank God we haven't been
in years and our stuff probably
and God damn it. Although,
I certainly wasn't
media in 2004. I was
a, we all went as guests of a
major gaming company, which if you think back
to what this show used to talk about
that many years ago, almost exclusively,
you can probably put two and two together
and figure out what gaming company
invited us, but that's neither here nor there.
2006, but 2006, I don't think
we went as media or did you get an email?
I got an email. Oh no,
I didn't get an email about that.
Oh my
God, I'm so mad. I don't remember. I thought
we went as just general attendees and registered
with the general public in 2005.
No, we went as media.
I mean, I
have to check. I've got my badges in the garage,
but yeah, no,
I'm just now I'm finding this out for the first time. I thought
we went as general. I didn't think we went as media until
the All Games years. Well, that was 2006.
After, no,
we weren't with All Games in 2006.
Were we? That was the
2006 one because that's, that
was Ridge Racer year.
2006. I thought
that came way later. No, that was the
year that they did the PS3 announcement.
Oh crap. Because
Oh, that's right.
Bobby says 2006 was the Arena
Interactive Lounge year. Fuck,
that's right. We were
media that year.
Oh no.
No, I'm fucking mad now.
I'm, well, my mailing
address is my old company that's closed down.
Yeah, all my information
is like dirt old. Like,
was I living with you in 2006?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, so like,
all that information is like dirt old by now.
It's not like it's my current address or anything, but it's still,
and I haven't gotten any like creepy, I think my phone
number might have been different too.
Oh yeah, because I probably registered with a home number
which I don't even have anymore, because we had a
home phone at that time, so yeah, that was probably
our business phone.
I want to say one year we like changed
the message to say something like, you're
calling OLR Studio. I feel
like that was the year we did all that.
So yeah, the good news
is that all the information is going to be shit anyway.
But it's still, it's
infuriating. So here's how they, it actually
leaked out. So it wasn't like someone hacked the
site and found anything. It was actually archived
by the internet archive.
And it was just floating around out there
for someone to access. If they access
the archive page, they can get the full list of
attendees from 2004 to 2006.
How nice.
Jason in chat says, old information is still
relevant for credit reports and
identity verifications, so, and
says sorry. No, I mean, you're just being a realist.
But that's like four or five addresses
ago, so. It was a long time ago, but
I mean, I'm not saying, oh it's
okay, I don't care, because the information
is so old. No, I'm
fucking pissed off about it, and the
ESA fucking sucks for what they did.
And, you know, fucking, I
hope there's a class action lawsuit and shit
because this is inexcusable what they
did. Like, please understand
me very fucking explicitly on this. I'm
not happy that this happened.
I'm really not happy. So here's
the statement that they put out in email. So it says
I don't, I kind of don't give a fuck, like
what they had to say, because it's, it's all it is
going to be talk. Less talk,
more action. Yeah, they're just blaming
their, well the files weren't hosted on the
servers or on the current website. We took
immediate action to remove those files.
They were cached on third party Internet Archive
site. We're working with our partners and
outside counsel, independent experts to investigate
what led to this situation to enhance
our security efforts.
So,
you know, what can
they do? I don't know, put any
security on there because there was literally none.
So, that's a start.
But, yeah.
So that was it, because I saw that
in my email. I'm like, uh,
why am I getting this?
So fucking mad. PixelPockets
in chat says ESA statements on this are
so eye rolling. They are at fault.
If the files were archived, they were
up on the site at some point because they put
them there. Sounds, and Bob Coffee says
sounds like PR bullshit. It is.
Nifty805
says Rob is ready to out rant Loki tonight.
I'm, yeah, I'm pissed about
this. This is way, this is way more
serious than, like, Nintendo not getting
online or whatever shit Loki rants about
in a week. Sorry, Loki. But this
is, like, this is far more important than
any of that. And it's, it's just,
it's so infuriating because, again, the ESA's
not really talking action. They're just
talking about, like, it's not our fault.
Like, it was, and it's just, like,
fucking accountability, bitch.
Like,
I'm so mad.
But what can you do? What can
you do? Like, you feel helpless about the whole
thing. It's like if this, the company's not leaking
your information, it's somebody else leaking
your credit information or whatever. It's, like,
why do we have credit
information anymore? It's just, it's all public
anyway, apparently. Yeah. So
ridiculous.
QuestBuster
and chat. ESA. So, we need to
spend money to secure this stuff. Just hide it in a
folder or something. Barf.
But I get it. It's
negligence. Absolutely. That's what I'm saying.
You're a fucking tech company. You
represent the tech industry.
Not a good look when you're supposed to be representing
the tech industry.
Anyway.
Let's move on to something a little more.
Let me find my happy place by listening
to some music. Okay?
So, let's talk a little bit about the Mana
series and, uh, the Mana
soundtracks, meaning, like, secret
of Mana or trials of Mana as
it is now. Square Enix has just
put 13 soundtracks
for the second Densetsu or
Mana series on several different
platforms including Apple Music,
Spotify, Amazon Music
and many more. Some of the
soundtracks that are out now. Second Densetsu
2, meaning Secret of Mana, the original
soundtrack. Second Densetsu 3
original soundtrack. Legend of Mana
original soundtrack. Heroes of Mana.
Rise of Mana. DS Children's of Mana.
I mean, just pretty much all the
second Densetsu and related Mana games you can think
of. All of those soundtracks going up on
Spotify and, uh, some great,
some great music, some great tunes.
So, um, a lot happier
of a note to end on tonight.
Well, I've got even better, uh, better
note to end on tonight. Oh, you got some last minute news,
do you? Yes. Well, good. I'll start bringing up Discord
to see if anybody wants to call in tonight while you get into that.
So, guess what game is getting a reboot?
A reboot. A reboot.
Okay, what? Cooking Mama.
Oh, that's kind of fun.
So, Cooking Mama's gonna be coming back to the
Nintendo Switch. That's what I
can tell the ESA. Don't worry.
Mama will fix it. Thanks to
Planet Digital Partners.
As part of this, they're gonna have a brand new
mode to go along with the regular recipes.
It's basically a vegetarian
mode. So, for people that don't want to
cook anything that has meat ingredients,
you won't have to. You can just switch to the
vegetarian mode and cook all
the vegetarian recipes. That's cute.
Yeah. For those that that's important
to them, that's cute. It's an easy
change to make, I suppose. Yep.
Yeah. So, that's it. No
word on when it's coming out yet, but
pretty
cool. I hope I say this name
right. I'm sorry if I mispronounced it.
Oh, in the fall. Oh, that's really
soon. Yeah. Sorry if I mispronounced this name.
Thower66. I'm sorry if I, or maybe
it's just Thor, but spelled differently.
I'm gonna say Thor. Thor66
in chat says, Dark Sakura should be happy.
I agreed. I'll have to let her know about
it. And by the way, I believe Thor66
in chat mentioned
that they've been listening since the All Games
days and, or, and even before that
on Life 365 and I guess just
rediscovered us here on Twitch. Yep. We're
still here. We're still here. A little older.
I got more gray, but we're here
and doing this video thing now that we've been doing
since December. So, um, yeah, it's
a whole new world out there with video, but
17 years, if you can believe it.
It's a long time.
Yeah. Almost as old as that ESA information
that's leaked out almost
past week. Jesus Christ.
All right. PixelPaca says, what about vegan
mama? Baby steps. Baby steps.
They're gonna have Beyond Meat in there.
Oh, maybe that's the hot new thing. I haven't tried
that yet. The Beyond Meat. Yeah.
That's beyond what I'm gonna try.
I hear it's pretty good. No. I'll try
it. What if it tastes like meat?
No. I'm curious. I'm curious.
But I heard, like, they're getting some crap.
It's a slippery slope. Like Burger King is
kind of getting crap because they cook it on the same grill that they
cook the meat on. So it's kind of
kind of defeats the purpose. Oh.
Oh, yeah. Yes.
That I get that. I thought
I was like, what, is it going to make the burgers taste bad or something?
Like, I don't understand the point is like, oh,
yeah. If you're vegan, if you're vegetarian
for, like, health reasons, what's that like?
That was like when McDonald's used to, like,
uh, fry their stuff in, like,
beef fat or something like that. They used to
have, like, some sort of, like, meat fat in there as
well. Yeah. Lard or something. I don't know.
Yeah. But their fries taste better then. I don't
know. Uh, Jason in our chat says
it doesn't taste like meat. It bleeds like meat.
Yeah, I heard that was a thing, too.
That it, like, actually will, like,
bleed. I guess, I don't know what, if it's beets
or something that it's using to make it look like
it's bleeding. Yeah. Gross, right?
But that's, yeah. Anyway.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's take some calls. We actually have somebody
in the green room over on our Discord
server, so let's get to a call tonight.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
If you can hear me, we can't hear you. Hello.
Hey, what's up, buddy?
This is Act F. For some reason,
I couldn't hear you, but okay.
That's okay. We're here now. How you doing, Act F?
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, there's lots and lots of my mind.
Especially with what happened
last weekend.
And how it happened, especially.
But, other than that,
you talked about
the Walmart story and
how they tried to
pretty much,
like,
don't know if they tried to fix
something, to try to do something
about it, but
it was the most
stupid
way to do it. Like, oh my god.
I'm actually, like,
angry about it.
Yeah, like, I'm irritated they're
buying into this narrative
that has no place
in the discussion anyway
when there is nothing to prove
that any of these, you know,
disgusting people that committed these acts
whose names I cannot recall,
nor do I wish to recall,
that these people were gamers
or playing video games or even influenced
by games. And even if they did play
a video game here and there, who
doesn't play video games here and there these days?
It's just, you know,
it's just, it's, again, it's a scapegoat.
Like, it's distracting from the real
issue. You can say the same thing about, like,
well, this person eats pizza, or the
killer ate pizza, therefore pizza
has caused him to kill. Exactly, exactly.
It's just trying to find, or they
ate Beyond Burgers, and, you know,
it's just... You hear that?
That's a cause I'm willing to give up.
Anyway, no, but, like, it's just,
it is gross, and it makes me angry, like,
as a gamer and somebody who's tried so
hard over the years to promote maybe, like, a more
positive gamer culture, and, like,
positivity in gaming, like, it's just, it's
really irritating to get
this kind of garbage. And I'm not
gonna say the gaming scene's already been, always
been perfect, but, like, this is garbage
stuff that we don't deserve to be
associated with, you know?
And, and, and especially because
I could probably talk about
the, the,
and this, this is the most
worrying thing about
how it happened, because it was
a racial thing. It was,
the...
I really don't wanna talk about it that
much, but... No, I get it. It's,
it's fucking infuriating, and
we get it. Like, we totally,
like, it's, I'm disgusted.
As, as, you're disgusted.
We're all disgusted. But, but, yeah, like,
always, oh,
video games have the, are the problem,
or this is the problem.
And they're not, no, nobody
is doing, like, at least
in, in the people who have the power,
who have the means, and,
and all that,
to do something, aren't doing anything.
Which is the most baffling.
It's like... It's very
simple. Video games do not
teach racism. That comes
from somewhere else. And
that El Paso attack was
racism.
Right? Yeah, definitely.
They didn't learn that in a video game.
I don't know. I did learn
that Skyrim is only for the Nords.
Not even the time to joke. Not
even the time. Like, it's just,
it's, it's, it's, like,
let's call it what it is. It was a racially
motivated attack that no
video game fucking taught them.
No, and,
and so many, and that's
a cool thing about the video game
community. Because that,
all that happened the
same time EVO was happening.
And so many people there were having
such a great time.
We even see, like, the
competition level, that
many people can get salty,
and probably get mad at the
other that they won,
they lost. But even
then, we have, like, people like
SonicFox and Goichi, if
anyone in, like, you or in chat
saw the Dragon Ball
Fighter finals. They were, like,
like, really
good pals from, like,
for many years. And they have probably
met, like, in the past two years.
And they were having a great time.
So many people there that
that were
for the games, and not because
oh, I'm better than you, and
or
other stupid stuff that can probably
trigger something like that.
But no, like, really
people have to
see the bigger picture, like,
at all, because
again, this is really frustrating
because it's coming from, like,
a sort of personal
thing, and
but, again, it's
like, people
and
you have to do something.
Call your representatives.
Like,
call for
something to be done
because
Walmart pulling, like, stuff
and again, it's just stupid stuff.
It's, again, frustrating that they did
that because, oh, my God,
it happened to
because of this, and maybe
because of this, not necessarily
because of it.
Yeah, you know, I'm fortunate that I live in a state
where we're represented by people
in Congress that are very much, like,
trying to
fight this and make something happen.
For example, one of our senators here
from California you may have heard of before,
her name's Kamala Harris, and she has lots
to say about these different issues. And again, I'm not
going to wade into politics because I understand,
but the reality is, like, you know,
I do feel like at least, you know,
but that doesn't mean I shouldn't call them and at least
kind of support in the direction that they're going,
but, you know, it is, it's like
we told the story about the governor that got
drowned out when he was trying to give the speech
to do something, and then finally, how about
that, it made it, it made an attempt,
there was an attempt
to do something, finally.
So, you know, it's that, it's really
pissed off people that are going to make the difference.
And, you know, as a gamer,
I'm sitting here, and I think a lot of us have to
sit here going, hell no, you're not
pinning this on us. This is not
our fault.
Period.
And, yeah, we, as
us people, even like
me living in Mexico, I have to,
at least I feel like the obligation
to do, like, something, at least
spread the word. But, yeah,
hopefully, things will get better.
Hopefully, I
want to be, like, really positive about it, but,
like, again,
this time was, like, wow,
I cannot even
fathom, I cannot imagine,
like, the horror,
the horror that people
that are like me
lived through that, like, oh my god.
At some point,
for what little relief it is, and I
mean little relief, at some
point, this generation
that has had to grow up with metal
detectors in schools, bulletproof
backpacks, drills
on what to do with an active shooter,
and things that I can't even
imagine going through. Like, I remember
the earthquake grill was the scariest thing I went
through when I was seven years old. Think about the
bullshit kids today have to deal with.
What little solace there is, is that
someday, that generation
that had to grow up with all that
bullshit is going to be the one
that is holding office
and making decisions. And do you
think that folks that are that young,
in fact, in general, folks
under 30, and I'm very much generalizing
because there's folks older than that,
like myself, that definitely agree
that something needs to be done, but the reality is, as
these younger folks that have had to grow
up in this culture and all this
bullshit around them is going to someday be
the ones in charge, things will
change. It's just
not changing fast enough,
unfortunately.
Yeah, we just have to wait,
be patient, and hope
for the best. That's definitely
the thing we can probably do
right now, but yeah, we need to
speak up. Like, not as gamers,
not as hobbyists,
but as people.
Absolutely.
I'm with you 100% on that.
Act Deaf. I'm glad it's something that, you know,
despite the fact that we are from two different countries,
it's something that kind of we can come together
and agree on. So, I appreciate your
call very much, my friend, so
take care. And hey, I
heard your podcast kind of made a move this week.
Yeah,
GFMcast, we're
sorry, we're still transmitting on
YouTube, but
since Google Hangouts is
just pretty much dead
for the most part,
we're doing some changes
and maybe in the future
we'll move to Twitch
too. It depends on how
YouTube acts in the following months, but
for now, we're
sticking to YouTube. You can
check us out if you like or you speak
Spanish.
Anyone, GFMcast or
JefemeCast on YouTube.
We also have GFMcast.com
so you can check out all our episodes.
All right. Wonderful. For our Spanish
speaking audience, I would highly recommend it
simply because I don't know anybody else
that does a Spanish speaking podcast that listens
to this show, and I really
wish I could listen and, you know,
be able to participate, but
all I can do is support you from a distance, my friend.
Hey, no problem. Thanks for the
plug. Yeah. Anytime.
Take care, buddy. You too.
All right. Well, that's the only
call that was waiting in the green room for us tonight,
so we're going to go ahead and probably
close down Discord at this point,
but thank you to ActDeft. If somebody else
decided they wanted to get in and got
a little shy or whatever and didn't end up calling
in, you can always send us an email, of course.
Participate at Orangelaungerator.com
or you can send us a tweet, Twitter.com
slash O-L-R. Those are
all great ways to contact the show
as well. Do we have any
last minute stories
as we start to wrap
up tonight? No, that was pretty much it.
Yeah, that was a big one. That's Cookie Mama's return.
That's a pretty big one. Later this fall,
so we'll have to see. All right. Then I guess
we will start to wrap up a little bit
here, so thank you, as always,
for joining us. Whether you are here live
on Twitch or listening on our podcast
feed or finding episodes
over at VoGnetwork.com.
Really appreciate
all the different ways
that you guys
participate with our show and
listen to us and support us.
All we say is, you know,
although we really appreciate the subs
here at VoGnetwork and the bitty
donations, the bits and all that, we
super appreciate all that. You know what?
All you really have to do, all we ask,
we don't need money, but
if you tell a friend or two about the show, help us
spread the word because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice, but, you know, if the voices aren't
here, if they're not in our Discord lobby waiting to call in
or in our chat room giving us feedback,
we can't put them out on the air. We can't have
that dialogue, so please
help us spread the word. Word of mouth is so, so
powerful. A nice five-star review
on a site like iTunes or wherever
you found this podcast. That stuff
goes a very long way. Yes, I know
we need to get on Spotify. We'll
work on that in the very near future.
In the meantime, though, it's about time
to wrap up, so I guess we'll
get around, go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Um, I'll start tonight. So my final thought is
that Final Tribal Council's tomorrow
night of this 51-day game I've been
playing, and I'm just, I'm just,
cross your fingers, like
I would, I would really be honored to be the winner,
but if I'm not, then it wasn't in the cards
for that to happen. Are they supposed to have, like,
this livestream or something like that? It's all
going to be on YouTube, so I'll post the link to Twitter
if you guys want to see it and watch, watch me
get eaten alive by the jury and all that.
Although, like, I'm trying to think back.
At least, like, five of them,
I think, wait, I'm thinking back in my mind.
I think, like, five of them wrote my
name down at some point, so they can't be too upset.
But we'll see, we'll see how it goes.
Uh, so we'll see how the, um,
uh, Final Tribal goes tomorrow, but wish me luck.
Cross your fingers. If I win,
you know the, I told you the prize I get if I win, right?
No. Oh. Uh, if I win,
you get a blanket.
And the blanket can have
one of two things on it. You can have either the
logo for the season, so I would get
the, the power, because that's the name of the game,
is Power Org, so I would get the Power Org
logo on it, or the other option is to get
your face on it.
Now, Loki, you've known me a very long time.
Which of those two am I going to be getting if I win?
Oh, you're getting your face on it. I am absolutely getting the one with my face
on it, so, uh, you will hopefully
see that hanging here, if
I am successful tomorrow night.
Otherwise, uh, Felix
out in Montreal, who's the other finalist,
will get, I guess, I don't know if he's getting his
face or what, but one of us is going to get
that blanket, so we'll see what happens.
So, alright, that's my final thought.
Your final thought, Loki. My final thought is
I'm still working on trying to come up
with a game design for,
um, whatever I'm supposed to be
teaching kids about and stuff.
I actually had some pretty decent, um,
efforts on that, so we may see something
on there. I did work on my game a little bit this week.
Um, didn't get anywhere on that, because
I'm still trying to get,
I don't know, I had done this before
in, like, a previous game I made, where
I was, like, trying to lock the player to the
screen, but now
it's locking to the camera view, and
it's not right, so I
had to fix something in my code, because I can
scroll out of the screen if I drag
along the bottom, and it's not
supposed to be doing that. That would be a glitch,
so, um, still working
on that. Thank you for all the
love and chat, everybody. I'm feeling,
I'm feeling the love, so. Alright,
that's it. We're wrapped up for tonight.
We'll be back next week for, um, our
last live show of August, believe it or not,
uh, with Dark Soccer here in
studios, and then we're gonna be on a quick
little, we'll have a pre-taped
show again, uh, in two weeks
on August the 25th, because, again,
I'm flying out back east on the 24th,
and then Labor Day weekend, uh,
DragonCon will be going on, and we'll be hosting
their panels. I don't think we have anything on
Sunday night, maybe, I think there might have been a
Sunday 5.30 thing, I don't know, I don't think we have
anything, but, and I don't remember Bobby's
schedule off the top of my head, but there will be
some awesome panel that we'll be hosting that you
can see instead next week live on
Twitch, and for you podcast folk,
we'll be back, um, um, live
after that, uh, this, what, second
weekend of September, I guess at that point, so.
But we will be here next week, so don't,
like, you know, don't, don't make new plans yet.
We'll see you in seven days here on
Twitch, and you guys get to find out if
I won or not on that game.
I will, I'll actually get to play some more
video games this week. Maybe Loki will make
progress on his game, I don't know. Alright.
So, there you go. Uh, oh,
Bobby reminding me that we watch the
Masquerade and the VoG Suite on Sunday night
at the normal time, that's technically our
sweet party, you're right, that usually is kind of
what's going on at that time, but there'll
still be panels, like, podcasting,
or, excuse me, digital media tracks still has panels
that time, right? They might just do, that
might be some of their big ballroom panels, like
the, um, for
Truce and a Lie, I'm screwing up these
names of the shows, I'm sorry, there's that one
Truce and a Lie panel, Night Attack is
almost always there, they do something, and
so they'll probably be a big ballroom thing, who knows.
Anyway, yeah, Bobby says they'll have
panels, we just won't be on them. Got it.
Alright. Um,
that's it. I guess, I guess
we're done. Roll credits, right?
We'll see you guys in seven days. Good night.
You've been listening
to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune into VoGnetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific,
9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions
expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or
VoGnetwork, but you know
they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
