This week, how do you turn a retail business into a business for the future?
By laying off all the people that can help you accomplish it, apparently.
Our best wishes to those impacted by this news.
This is just one headline, stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting
right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice, not live, on this lovely Sunday evening
with episode number 790 of our show.
But I'll explain a little bit more on that in a moment, but we still have some things
to go over, some news to discuss, some video games to play, gaming culture to cover, all
that good stuff.
Myself, Rob Roberts, joining you here on Twitch TV, twitch.tv slash vog network where
we do broadcast, usually live, every Sunday night at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, although this
week has been prior recorded earlier in the week.
But it's going to feel like a little bit of a normal show, but maybe a little shorter
because it's already kind of late on a Thursday night here in Studio N7.
But joining me here on video for the show this week is Techmaster Loki.
Hello, I'm here.
Hi, how are you?
I'm full now.
That was some bomb ass chicken that you brought to the show.
It was some bomb ass chicken.
It's a bummer.
It took me a while to get set up for the pre-recording thing because that was some good chicken.
It was.
It was a Korean chicken, Korean grilled chicken?
It's supposed to be like Korean oven roasted chicken or oven, they also have fried chicken
as well, but it's like that one was a garlic chicken, which was garlic soy sauce and honey
or something.
But, oh my God, it was so good.
Like I'm already wanting to go back.
All right, it smelled good.
And I think Mr. Smoosh is going crazy over there about it too.
You might see Mr. Smoosh cameo on cam tonight because there's an empty chair across there
because she's not here in studio tonight, Dark Soccer or Jamie Summers.
But thanks to the magic of the internet, she's joining us, as they say on the news, via satellite.
Dark Soccer, are you there?
I can't believe y'all haven't had Korean fried chicken before because that stuff is bomb.
I feel like I had it once, but it was a long time ago, but-
Did I ever take you to Bonchon?
I don't think I've been to Bonchon.
I know there's like, it's a chain now.
There's like a couple of those around.
No, the fried chicken I was all about recently was the halal fried chicken.
That's pretty good.
Oh man, that stuff is good.
If their fried chicken is, I don't know, this chicken is pretty good, so I do need to try
their fried chicken.
I'm excited.
Both of you.
And the Popeye's new chicken sandwich that I hear is really awesome.
I'm taking you both to Oakland and we are going to go to this hole in the wall called
OB town that has the best Korean fried chicken you will ever put in your mouth.
I am super excited for some KFC.
Korean fried chicken.
Real KFC.
It's a real KFC.
All right.
Dark Soccer, why are you joining us remote tonight?
I know we usually love to tape in the same room, but I heard you had a little accident.
Are you okay?
My face is broken.
Well-
Okay, so-
I said something out of the ordinary.
Yeah, so I fainted two days ago.
Okay, that's scary.
I'm a dick for making jokes.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, so basically I was standing, I had gotten up to go pee and then I went back to get that
free standing minute on my Apple Watch and I got a little dizzy.
Next thing I know, three minutes have passed, I'm on the ground and my face hurts.
I apparently fell and hit my face hard on my bedside table.
So I busted my lip, have some bone bruises on my chin and my cheekbone.
Thankfully, no concussion or if it was a concussion, it was really minor.
So I've been raging headaches for the past couple of days and so I was just like, I've
got a bad headache and I'd rather be at home than be driving a longer distance when my
head feels like this, so.
Yeah, no, totally understandable.
So we love to record in the same room and it's part of what makes our podcast special,
but sometimes things are going to happen and if you had a thing where you fell and hurt
your head, which by the way also happened to me, but it was maybe like four years ago,
I had a similar thing.
I think I was super dehydrated and I was in a very steamy room.
I was basically in the shower kind of enclosed and the fan in there is terrible and I fainted.
It was just like a thing out of the blue and I actually ended up chipping my front
tooth.
It was one of those things where I had to go to the dentist ASAP because I was freaking
out.
I was like, oh my God, my tooth is all chipped.
So thankfully, dentists know how to work miracles and I look fine now, but it's scary.
What happened too is I went and I did go to urgent care to get tested, make sure that
everything was okay and it was a combination of dehydration and possibly anemia.
So I'm drinking Pedialyte.
It's disgusting, but I'm drinking it and just taking care of myself.
Well what an interesting segue because one of the first things I want to talk about here
at the top of the show is the Dragon Con hype.
So it's funny you bring up Pedialyte because that's a great way to stop a hangover and
there's going to be, well it is important to stay hydrated at Dragon Con and the reality
is there's a lot of, because it's in enclosed hotels throughout the Atlanta area, there's
a lot of alcohol consumption.
People are just openly, because you can open carry because it's indoors.
Usually you can't just open carry alcohol out on the street, but this convention is
now on the street.
So I think that's why it has a reputation for being such a, lots of libations and so
forth.
I mean, I'm not making it sound like it's a drunk party and if you're choosing to be
sober or what have you, you can't have fun.
I don't think that's true.
I think you can still, actually there was, I think it was last year, it was probably
just last year because there were so many panels that I was doing last year.
I didn't really want to drink because I had to get up early to do a bunch of panels.
So yeah, I didn't really indulge and I still had a great Dragon Con.
So yeah, Mr. Smoosh is making his presence known here.
If he keeps acting up off to put them in the other room.
Don't you, don't you know, we're trying, I know we're usually here on Sunday, but don't
you know, we're trying to do a show.
If you're going to yell, at least come over here and do it.
I think, I think he smells the KFC that was in here earlier anyway.
So I do want to say a big hello to anybody that may have discovered this show, thanks
to Dragon Con.
Cause I know I'm going to be selling the crap out of this show and other stuff that I work
on from several panels that I'm doing at Dragon Con.
So hello, hello to any new listeners and folks that may have discovered this show through
the convention.
It's going to be a little, little different tonight just because we did tape prior.
Usually we do tape live with folks in chat along with our show, we're able to do the
interaction and all that stuff.
We love doing this live.
But we wanted to record this week because if we don't record, then we'll miss two weeks
in a row and that's a long time to be gone.
So it's one thing to miss a Labor Day, but we didn't want to miss two weeks in a row
because I'm leaving really early this year because I'm going to be seeing a buddy of
mine in North Carolina and then making the six hour drive between the two.
But it's like, it's not like the six hour drive from here to LA where it's just like
cows and like dead grass the whole way.
Like I think the drive I'm going to be experiencing will be a lot better looking, at least that's
my hope.
That's my hope.
We'll see.
Well, Darsaka, you're from the South.
Like is it going to be a better road trip in that area you think?
It's going to be tall pine trees the entire way.
I like pine trees.
Okay.
Pine trees are nice.
It'll be very, very pretty at the start and then that'll be all you see.
Well the nice thing is- At least that's what it's like in Alabama.
The nice thing is I get to cross more states off my list.
I won't be going to Alabama, but I get to cross off North Carolina, never been there.
And then we drive through South Carolina on our way to Georgia.
So I'll get to cross off the, obviously I've been to Georgia a million times, thanks to
Dragon Con, but I'll get to cross off the other two Carolinas.
So that'll be good.
And then next year I have Florida that I get to cross off the list because of the crews
are going on in March with the kids from Starboard Power Couplings, that'll be fun.
So anyway, enough about my life.
Let's talk about video games and all that good stuff.
We're going to start off tonight with how is your gaming week and talk about the types
of video games that we have been playing this week.
Darsaka, how was your gaming week?
What have you- I know you had the fall, so maybe not much, but anything to help pass
the time maybe?
Sims, Animal Crossing on the phone, the usual.
More Sims, huh?
How's your family progressing?
Have you killed anyone yet?
I'm actually not playing really any of my families.
I only played like one group long enough for them to have a kid because they should have
a kid.
Because I mean, that's just, it was like an old RP character that I made a Sim for.
And then right now I'm remodeling all of the in-game Sims.
So that's really it.
The Goths right now are on the chopping block.
How many mods do you use with the Sims?
I'll tell you right now, and I'm actually going to be adding some more.
So if I go into my mods folder, because I am actually at my home computer right now.
That's Elder Scrolls.
Oops.
I'm actually, I'm going to probably be waiting, by the way, to do Final Fantasy XIV until
after we split our bills next month, Dan and I are going to be doing that.
So right now I have 17,639 installed and I'm going to be adding a few more.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, you have 17,000 mods for the Sims?
Well, right, because keep in mind, custom content is all considered a mod.
I think they're talking about like each individual piece.
Oh, so like if it's one shirt, that's a mod.
Exactly.
Oh, okay.
I mean, there are actual game mods.
Okay.
And like, I'm about to install four mods, like actual game mods, but those are scripts
and scripts go into like their own, like it's hard for me to track actually what scripts
I have on there just because, you know, they, goodness, I found some mods in the wrong folder,
but they go in like a different folder and I haven't been through that one to see exactly
how many I have, but I know like I have the, you know, the no mosaic, you know, so I can
have naked Sims.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was going to say, that's the only mod I need is the, the get rid of the blurs.
Isn't the one that makes them do nastier things too.
I'm almost positive.
I've seen a mod where like they do nastier things.
Possibly.
I mean, there's, there's like animation mods for the earlier ones.
Okay.
And I read an art article on Kotaku earlier this week that showed somebody with a large
dildo head.
So apparently there are mods out there like that.
Oh, I'm sure.
Of course there are.
Yeah.
If you can achieve it,
but I mean like you can get scripting mods and what those are, you know, once your, your
game is patched and everything's running fine, you know, there's only like a few things you
need to do.
And, and the company like EA Maxis, they're all like, they're super, like they know exactly
what to do.
You know, so they're perfectly fine with all of this running, you know, they just aren't
responsible for, you know, any of the shenanigans.
Any mod that tries to take your credit card number, shows your children something offensive.
It's like you install that you take the responsibility for that, but surely a company like EA has
to know, like modding is part of the reason why some of their games continue to succeed
for all this time afterwards, you know, because...
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
One of the mods that I actually, it's a family of mods.
It's called don't wash dishes where you angry poop.
What?
Because you can, you can wash dishes in any sink and there's a habit where like your,
if your sim is closer to like a, a bathroom sink, then they'll try to wash dishes in that
sink.
Oh, I thought it was the other way around.
And there's also a don't prepare food where you angry poop.
I that's what mods called.
I thought you were about to say that if they couldn't find the toilet, they would just
poop in the sink.
And I was like, that's disturbing.
Like how drunk was your sim?
They make outdoor toilets though, that those outdoor toilets count as a bathroom, but you
can place them outside just in nature.
They're basically a giant plant.
All right.
Can you build like in this, I haven't played the Sims really since the first game, but
can you, can you build like outdoor homes, like, like tree houses now with porta potties
and stuff?
Yeah.
You always could do that.
Um, like, um, you know, there's some of the month or not mods, but some of the things
that I'll run are, um, like you can hit like, uh, control and the close bracket and it makes
things bigger and control, uh, open bracket is to make things smaller.
This is on a PC.
Um, cause my Mac doesn't have a big enough hard drive.
Um, but you can make things like huge or small.
And then, you know, there's another, uh, where you can, cause normally it doesn't let you
put things in certain places, but you can tell certain textures to not textures, but
certain objects to overlap.
And then you can, you know, make like, like plants growing out of your wall and like weird
stuff.
I guess that's a way you might decorate your house if you, you know, uh, have a lot of
money.
Uh, but I was going to say about the whole, I was going to say about the whole, um, modding
thing.
Like I'm trying to think like the, the one Sims game I don't think did very well was
the Sims online.
Remember when they tried to do the Sims online?
That one didn't do very well, but probably because you couldn't really mod that one because
it was always online.
Is that the Facebook one?
Yeah, no, no.
There was like, it was them trying to get on the MMO craze.
Like when everything started breaking through like world of Warcraft and, and, uh, uh, EverQuest
and all that stuff, they tried to do their own like MMO and it seemed, you know, it did
seem like a natural progression is that you could build, you know, your own Sims house
with other people.
But apparently the whole thing turned into, I feel like in the early days of OLR, we talked
about this.
That's pretty sure.
But like it just turned into a cesspool of like prostitution, drugs, like everything
that humanity, lawless humanity would turn into.
They built Second Life again.
Yeah, pretty much.
They built Second Life in the Sims online.
And that's why I think they third life.
Third life.
All right.
Darsaga, anything else for your game of the week?
Nah.
All right.
Then we'll move on to Loki.
Hey, we can hear you typing by the way.
So careful.
Uh, Loki, how was your TV week?
I didn't play a thing.
That's right.
Wow.
You've been really great with your track record.
I've been playing no games on this gaming podcast.
No, I have been working on coding and prepping for this coming week, which okay.
It's at least it's like adjacent, you know, you got to code a game to play a game, I guess.
So yeah, so I've been just working on getting stuff ready because I am going to participate
in a game jam next week.
Oh, wow.
Yes.
So I've been getting ready, um, to do that and I'm hoping to stream a lot of it too.
So we'll see.
What's the game jam is.
Oh, it's something you do at your house.
You're not going to go to a, uh, no, not going anywhere.
It's for a week.
And so I have to work in the middle of that as well.
Um, but it's basically, it's a community game jam.
Um, it's a bunch of different YouTubers that are doing, putting it on.
So like some of the other ones I watch for like unity stuff like Braxis or Braxie.
And I don't remember the other guys putting it on here.
So let me just pull this up here real fast.
Um, but it's looks like it's pretty cool.
It's kind of laid back as far as you know what my expectations of it are going to be.
It's not like lunar dare or something like that.
Uh, okay.
So yeah, community game jam.
It's uh, it's IO, um, uh, slash jam slash, uh, C G J.
And it starts on Saturday at noon and it goes until August 31st at noon.
And yeah, so they have, it'd be a good way to spend the downtime with a week, week off
OLR.
Yeah, exactly.
So it'll be interesting to see, you know, what they're gonna, um, what the theme's going
to be.
You're going to let us play whatever you make.
Yeah.
I'm going to, I'm going to release something like, like, um, like they have on shop, you
know, put damn food on the plate.
You got to serve them something.
I like it.
Yes.
Put the, put the food on the plate.
Yeah.
So yeah, it's being put on by a, it's organized by a Blackthorn prod, Braxis, uh, Danny and
Jerry, uh, Jerry's sky, Lou and, uh, some other folks.
So it's a bunch of, it's like a big community of people that do like game development videos
on YouTube.
Is this something we can put on VoG network?
Like some of the, you remember we had that game jam a long time ago and some of those
was, they're still there.
It's some of those winning games or, well, they all won, but the VoG network, we had
some of the games that are playable.
Um, is it something that you can put there or maybe, I don't know.
I, uh, yes.
I mean, those games are there.
You have to talk to Bobby about the technical stuff, but yeah, I mean, I think it's going
to be hosted probably on itch.io, but it should be playable there.
I mean, we can make it available, I'm sure.
So I'm hoping that I can do it all right, but if not, you can watch me fail for a very
long time.
So we've been doing that for 17 years.
Yes, exactly.
So even more.
All right.
No, we're learning opportunity.
That's right.
It's a learning opportunity.
We're rooting for you.
This is good.
This would be a good thing for your kids to see you do when they're getting into pro or
at least Josh is getting into programming.
Yeah, that's cool.
I may take a couple of days off during the week, but you know, you earned more time.
You deserve it.
All right.
My gaming week.
So, um, I've kind of played a lot, I mean, we're, we're an abbreviated week this week
because we're recording a little earlier, but, um, I have still been continuing to play
Final Fantasy 14, doing some of the end game stuff.
Uh, Shane made me do some of the new raids.
So I actually played like w w we live streamed everything.
I've been trying to be really good about doing more live streaming on my personal channel
at Rob Roberts.
So, um, I played some Final Fantasy 14 with Shane the other night and probably the other
game I played, that's a little newer, at least new to me.
I played No Man's Sky on PC because remember I bought the PC version.
I bought it.
I haven't installed it yet, but I did buy it.
You double dipped, Bobby Blackwolf double dipped, like everybody's double dipping on
No Man's Sky now.
It's great.
Because mods.
Not yet.
Nope, it's not going to happen because it's easier for me to play on my computer than
with a controller.
That's yeah.
I, I kind of just wish I'd bought it on PC the first time, but I mean, it was a couple
of years.
It was originally a PlayStation four game.
So I mean, that wasn't exactly possible.
So, but like obviously with PC, I can play in 2k mode.
I have to really dumb down the graphics, especially if I'm streaming, but like it's, it's doable,
you know?
So that's, that's pretty cool.
All right.
And Mr. Smoosh is getting up on the soundboard.
That's a big no-no.
Loki buy me time or somebody that cat, I swear to God, it just is causing all sorts of trouble.
All because I didn't share the chicken with you.
Too bad.
I don't know.
Who does he think he is?
I finally heard back from discord by the way.
Gonna change all the switches and all that stuff.
Oh, cause you got locked out of your other account, right?
Yeah.
So I have to delete my account and remake it.
Ah, what a pain.
All right.
Well, you're still with us at least here tonight.
So no man's sky, no man's sky on PC.
It's it's prettier.
Um, although obviously I have to like, especially if I'm streaming, I have to turn the graphics
way down or else like my computer's just like help.
Um, but when I'm not streaming, like it's, it's very lovely to look at.
Uh, the first planet I started on was some ice planet.
Like it was really, it was a really horrible place, but what I did, I rolled straight into
Alan's universe.
So like I joined his game, so it's put me on a planet in the system he was already in.
So I started there and we kind of noticed, and I think Bobby was there cause I was streaming
it live and he talked about how some of it is kind of scripted in the beginning.
Like you always, you know, at a certain time get like a severe storm that comes through
because it's teaching you how to replenish your life supply, you know, and there's certain
things that are like scripted to happen at the beginning, no matter what planet you're
on.
So it's kind of interesting to see.
Cause like, uh, when Alan came to the planet, he's like, I don't see this stuff because
you're being scripted through all this stuff right now.
Ah, so yeah.
So I guess maybe Alan was saying a lot of that.
But then eventually I made my way to the moon of that planet, which was lovely.
It was like one of those like purple grass planets and very serene.
It was very nice.
And that's where Alan's base is.
So I started a base, like I couldn't build right near his, but I was able to build like
on the other side of the mountain from it.
So now we have bases right near each other, but it won't let me upload it cause it says
it's too small.
So I have to expand it a little more still and then I should be able to upload it and
more people I guess could visit it if they wanted to.
But sadly I probably won't get a lot more time with No Man's Sky until after I'm back
for my trip.
But, uh, I was, you know, enjoying the experience on, on PC.
It's just getting used to the different controls was the hardest part.
Cause it's like all these keys like Q, W, E, R, you know, they're all mapped to different
things.
And so like, I'm not, Oh, I'm just going to play the controller.
So that'll, my brain wasn't used to, yeah, I guess I could just plug in my Xbox controller
or your PlayStation four controller.
I guess that's true.
I should just play with the controller.
That would make it a lot easier, but that's, that's okay.
I don't, you know, there is something about using the mouse to aim that I enjoy and all
that stuff.
So that is, that is nice.
So, um, yeah, that's pretty much been my gaming week.
I don't think a lot else to share.
Cause I talked about VR on No Man's Sky last week.
I'm pretty sure.
So I don't need to cover that again.
So, uh, we will move on with the program and in our next segment, we're gonna do something
a little special, a little different here tonight.
Something we, um, don't usually have as a segment in the show, but maybe we ought to
bring it back because we got a lot of great feedback this week.
Uh, what we wanted to invite with some of your questions and some of your discussion
drivers this week on Twitter.
So over at our Twitter account, uh, OLR, we asked a question this week.
We asked everybody to, uh, uh, answer the following.
We said on a special recorded OLR this week, we want to invite your questions for our hosts
on gaming, on podcasting or anything reasonable you might have.
So we got quite a few responses.
So we have a few questions and discussion topics for tonight.
So y'all ready?
You're ready for Ask Orange Lounge via Twitter?
Yes.
All right, let's do it.
Uh, first off tonight, our pal Flaco Jones.
Flaco Jones.
So I've seen, been doing a lot of streaming very late at night.
Uh, last, the other night he was playing some Paladins, I think, but hopefully that's all
going well for him.
So Flaco Jones starts us off saying, I know Loki was having Joy-Con drift.
Has he or any of the other hosts taken advantage of Nintendo's free repair for the issue?
I sent mine in and they took care of them quickly and at no charge plus free shipping.
So I haven't took advantage of the whole, I haven't yet.
Um, and I want to, I just haven't done it yet, but I need to do both sets, both Joy-Cons,
but I'll have to do one at a time.
And it's one of those things where they're going to be missing for a while while they're
getting repaired.
That's why I have two sets.
So like, so I would do one, have it repaired, it comes back and then do the second one.
But that's less bad because I only have the one set, but I was gonna say, I'm not having
the problems you guys are having, but admittedly mine gets less traffic.
I don't have the kid factor either, which I'm sure, you know, they tend to, you know,
put a little more wear and tear on them.
Um, and uh, yeah, so they haven't really been an issue for me yet, but I'm glad Nintendo
kind of, kind of came around on the program.
I, well, I think they were kind of forced to, or else they were going to be looking
at a class action lawsuit type of thing.
So I think they were kind of putting a quarter on that, having to do the warranty thing.
Uh, Dark Sakura, you, you haven't had a problem with your Switch at all, right?
So you're, you probably haven't taken advantage of this either, right?
Honestly, it's our Pro Controller that had more problems.
It's got some input lag in it.
I think just our model.
Interesting.
So the Pro Controller having issues, but they, it's not, it's just input lag.
And it had a little bit of drift on it too, but I haven't seen anything going on for
the Pro Controller.
So we have nothing to take advantage of.
Yeah, I know.
I was gonna say, I don't think that's part of the program yet.
Who knows if there's enough of those problems out there, who knows what'll happen?
Well, Dark Sakura, I bet this next question will be up your alley.
So our next tweet tonight is from Rettertainment who says, I have a Sega Saturn and one game
missed.
I've been thinking of getting another game.
What should I keep my eye out for?
What shouldn't you keep your eye out for?
Is it a US?
It's a US one, right?
It was not specified, so we're going to assume a US one.
Okay.
So US games, of course there's, if you're into fighting games, any of the Street Fighter,
King of Fighters, you know, those are all, well, actually the King of Fighters games
require the RAM cartridge.
So I would say, basically like Street Fighter Alpha 2, the first Street Fighter Alpha, if
you can get any of like the Sega Aegis stuff, those are pretty good.
There weren't too many of them that came out in the US.
Of course you want to have Knights, you want to have, gosh, I'm trying to think what else
is like, I'd have to go look at the vault now.
The Panzer Dragoon Zwee?
Panzer Dragoon Saga, actually it's expensive, but absolutely worth it.
We got ours like really cheap too, but yeah, the Panzer Dragoon games are worth it.
I mean, they're not like my absolute favorites, but they're good games.
Is the Sega Saturn hard to mod to play import games?
If you want to ask, you will have to ask your husband about that because I've never done
it.
Oh really?
I didn't even know Alan modded Sega Saturns, what?
I think we had his modded Sega Saturn for like a hot minute.
Honestly, it doesn't surprise me though, Alan was a Sega guy for a long time, so it doesn't
like surprise me, but it's just kind of funny.
I would have thought that you and Dan would have had the lock on that.
We had converter cartridges, so that's what we did.
Gotcha.
No, and the Saturn was one of those platforms I kind of missed out on, like I didn't catch
up with Sega really until like the Dreamcast, so all my Sega memories are with that, so
I don't have a lot to recommend.
I would have said the big stuff like Knights as well.
Well, like how you see, this was back in the days when I used to rent consoles from Blockbuster
because I didn't buy a Sega Saturn until much later, but I used to rent it with a stall.
That was another one of the games I liked in Clockwork Knight.
A stall was pretty good, but awfully slow.
Yeah, but it's pretty.
It had great music.
I find that interesting that of all the games in the world for the Sega Saturn, Retertainment
has missed, but I'm going to assume maybe it was like included or like a really good
deal because he doesn't say where the Sega Saturn came from, like if it was given to
him or if he found out like a flea market garage sale type of thing or what.
Yeah, so it's just interesting that of all the games, I mean, I'm not knocking missed.
Missed isn't a bad game, but I don't associate missed with the Saturn nearly as much as I
do like old MS-DOS PC because like that, you know, I feel like missed was only ported to
like the Saturn and all those consoles because of how it was performing on the PC, you know?
Yeah.
Anyway.
All right, let's move on.
Now we're getting into some deeper questions too.
This is good.
So Elliot Bentley, Elliot underscore Bentley sent us a tweet saying, what games have changed
the way you think of a certain genre?
It's a really good question.
What games have changed the way you think of a certain genre?
And even though I know we're not live tonight, I'm going to look through chat when this is
all done.
So I would be very curious because this is one I could see a lot of different answers
for.
Maybe we'll go back and read some of your answers next week, but anyway, or in two weeks
when we come back.
But here's an example.
B continues his tweet here.
Here's an example.
Since playing Breath of the Wild, I'm hyper aware of the way many open world games rely
on maps filled with icons and arrows pointing directly to your next destination.
So what games have changed the way you think of a certain genre?
So he's basically saying that like, because of the Breath of the Wild, like, oh, it made
me realize like all these open world games kind of have some of these like kind of base
elements that are very similar.
So what game changed the way you think of a certain genre?
None really.
I mean, I've always, I don't really look at games per genre really.
I look at every game to me is a different and unique experience.
So I wouldn't say that anything's changed the way I think about it because I go into
every game as their own experience.
That's just how I am.
That's fair.
Okay, so like an answer that comes to my mind is a game that we've stand forever on Orange
Ons Radio, which I bet a lot of you guys maybe haven't played yet, but you need to go find
a way to play this game, even if illegally, like I'm just going to be real, find the ROM
and download it.
Because if we've been robbed of this game for all these years, like they just they're
never going to put it out for you to get legally.
So you should just get it illegally at this point.
Sorry, not sorry.
And that is the Guardian Legend because my answer is like the Guardian Legend because
of the way it fused, like shooter and like overworld action, like the Zelda kind of element,
like I would say like the Guardian Legend really made me rethink the shooter genre,
because it was like it added this much deeper layer to it, where that the adventuring that
you were doing around the world was affecting, you know, what you did in the shooting part,
you know, and like it was it was a different type of shooter to like, I like the way the
two sides influenced each other.
And I think those type of mishmash genre games are going to always be the ones that come
to mind because you know, another one from back in the day, you ready for another obscure
NES title?
This was another genre fusing game.
And it fused again, like your Zelda type of overworld with a more traditional RPG.
And that is Magic of Scheherazade.
I don't know if you've ever played, have you ever played Magic of Scheherazade?
Like briefly?
Yeah.
You know, some of it, it's a little clunky in parts, because I think it's very ambitious
what they were trying to do with that game.
And I think that game in some ways makes you rethink RPGs.
I don't know, I could probably come up with more.
I don't know if you guys have anything to add to this.
Grant the thought of five and the amount of detail that developers can put into a game,
like the ridiculous amount of details that they have in there, like with pant legs getting
wet up to this point where they get into the water or like just all sorts of weird stuff,
flip flops flopping and just the animals and there's all sorts of like crazy details that
are in that.
So kind of like environmental, the environmental impact, not like climate change type of discussion,
but more like the environment, you know, physics and awareness with an action game, which is
interesting because you could also think like crackdown where you kind of take traditional
physics and kind of turn it on its head a little bit.
Yeah.
Way.
I think crackdown is kind of a genre bending game a little bit, a little bit because it
took the grand theft auto-esque type overworld mechanic, but made it like, but what if you
had anti-gravity boots type of things?
What if, you know, you could do all these different things or you could take the open
world grand theft auto type genre and what they did with like driver three and how your
game is so fucking buggy.
It just ignores a lot of the rules.
I love driver three because it was so terrible.
It was fun.
Are there other games maybe in that category, like a game that was so fucking bad, it made
you kind of rethink the genre a little bit, but it's like kind of fun in a charming way.
So bad spice world and music games.
Oh God.
That's right.
On the PlayStation one.
Let's put another girl through her paces spice world on PlayStation.
Totally not something that a pimp would say.
I was thinking in terms of open world though, going back to that, I mean Minecraft was pretty,
pretty crazy.
Oh, good call.
When it was new.
Good call.
Like a game that's open world, but it's your world.
Yeah.
That's definitely genre defined or like genre bending for sure.
But I'm not saying that anything really like, it's just that I don't look at the impact
like that.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, no, that's, that's why I kind of like a question like that because it does make
us kind of take a step back and go, huh.
I wonder what game has made me kind of like no man's sky.
Like how everything is procedural is kind of ridiculous.
That's another, that's another different type of like open worlds type of thing where what
if the world is just completely generated.
Or borderlands with the billions of guns that they have.
You know what though?
You know what though would be in a similar bucket with no man's sky would be, um, elder
scrolls two.
Was that the one that had the procedurally generated, like all the caves and everything?
Like they didn't go in there and design it.
Everything was like generated basically because the world was so fricking huge.
I think it was two.
It was either two or three.
I don't think, I don't think it was Morrowind though.
I think it was the second game.
I think it was, yeah.
The first one's arena.
The second one's blades.
Right.
I think it was that one.
Anyway, food for thought.
Anyway, I'm excited to see chat's answers on that too, and maybe some more tweets on
that, but great question.
Okay.
So our next tweet, as we get to some more listener questions tonight for our show, comes
from SSJ100 Matt who says, it's a three, it's a three part question.
You ready?
So here we go.
Part one.
Besides wearing pants, what has been the biggest challenge and adjustment you've all had to
make now that the show has a video aspect to it?
What's the big...
Wearing pants.
Kidding.
I, come on.
We all wore pants before because we were all in the same room.
Although...
Uh-uh.
Sometimes I wore a skirt.
I, yeah.
Well, and I was going to say, sometimes I'd be lazy and wear gym shorts, you know, and
like, I wouldn't bother to do my hair or wear a hat.
I just would look like shit because I'm like, well, nobody's going to see me, but Loki and
Dark Soccer, and they've known me forever.
They've seen me at my absolute worst.
So whatever.
Like you do think about that a little bit.
I definitely, I do have to think a little bit about like what I'm going to wear.
Like what's going to be like, and even to the point where I'm like, oh, I'm wearing
this cruel intention shirt that I got at Target on the stream tonight.
And I'm like, um, I think I wore this on the show like three weeks ago and I kind of like
didn't want to repeat it, but I was like, at the same time, it's like, you know, like
I kind of get into that mode where it's like, oh, I don't necessarily want to repeat outfits
either, but like, it's, it's just, you don't buy shirts to wear once and throw them away.
Like I, we don't live that kind of lifestyle.
It's hard to decide where to look because I have to look at the camera, talk to the
audience, look at Rob, it's like, ah, that is huge.
That is the biggest challenge because I remember after the first episode, uh, the first piece
of feedback I got from a friend was that like, you guys don't even look at each other when
you're doing the show.
And I'm like, no, we really don't like, because when it's a radio show, you don't see that.
And he's like, you guys are like always buried in your computers.
Like, and I'm like, well, we're pulling up the next story and you know, whatever.
He's like, you're on your phone half the time.
I'm like, well, I'm multitasking.
Well those Pokemon are going to catch themselves.
So, you know, so I would say that has been a big change is that we have to be aware,
you know, I mean, yeah, we said in the very beginning, we're still doing an audio podcast.
It's just the delivery method is different.
So we're not going to like turn it upside down for Twitch.
We're not suddenly doing orange launch video.
It is still orange launch radio, but certainly I don't want it to like look terrible.
So I think, you know, some of that feedback was still very right on is that, okay, I need
to not be on my phone unless it's like, you know, unless I'm bringing up tweets to talk
about on air or, you know, I need to try to like actually look at Loki or Dark Sakura,
which is here talking or the camera, you know, instead of like looking, you know, or like
taking a nap or like, I'm just going to rest my eyes while Loki does the next story.
Like, I can't really do that anymore.
You know?
I think that was a big change.
Anything for you, Dark Sakura?
No.
But you also, you tend to sit off cam too.
Yeah.
So it's not really super crazy for me.
I'm just doing my, my huge.
Yep.
Number two, what has been your favorite part about adding video to the show?
I couldn't say, I'll be honest, I kind of don't feel one way or another about it.
That's fair.
It's the, obviously the pre-show things that we have are hilarious.
The little bumpers that Jason and I do.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Those are fun to do.
It's a little, little extra thing.
I would say, and you know, uh, when it's utilized, it's wonderful.
It's not, you know, I don't expect everything on this show is going to get clipped, but
I love the clip thing.
Like when we do have those random things that happen, we're like, let's say Mr. Smoosh makes
an appearance on cam or something and people, you know, want to see that.
So the clip happens.
But then the nice thing about the clipping is that then people who let's say they do
only listen to the audio podcast, but they heard that this funny thing was happening.
Somebody probably clipped it.
And so they can go onto the Twitch channel, you know, even though you have to be a subscriber
to see the full video archive, you don't have the clips are free.
So when people do clip things, you can just watch those whenever.
So I think for me, that's been my favorite part is the clip.
I think that's more of a, a nature of moving to Twitch specifically, cause like, you don't,
you can't clip on mixer or YouTube.
So then it is maybe video, but that's the best answer I got for your question.
Number three, what video improvements would you like to make or see happen?
More flashy effects.
I, I am going to make it a goal that when we come back from dragon con, we're going
to have some transitional bumpers because you guys will probably notice like our music
has been missing for a long time, right?
Like when we do the classic game of the week, we don't get the little doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo like the DDR Oha stop music that we were using forever.
We don't have that anymore, but I actually do want to bring those back with video bumpers.
So I'm trying to teach myself a new program to do those types of like animated bumpers
and hopefully those will come back soon, but don't hold me to it, but it's a goal for after
dragon con and maybe multiple camera angles and only because there was, was it that one
Twitch streamer on Twitter that we saw, Oh God, she's so funny.
Oh my God.
What is her name?
I followed her because when she reads these guys, cause trash bags will come into our
chat and say that, that kind of dumb shit that, you know, mouth breathers will say to
girl streamers and she will drag them through the mud.
It's pretty hilarious.
This is her multiple camera angles to do it.
Paladin Amber.
Shout out to Paladin Amber.
She doesn't need a shout out from us.
She's got 354 people watching her stream playing Minecraft right now.
She probably doesn't need our help, but I think she is hilarious and it's because of
clips that I got to, yeah, so yeah, the multiple camera angle stuff that that'd be great.
For me, like the number one thing I want to do, I want to change the whole layout.
Like like we had, we kind of took our old radio layout and just kind of made some small
adjustments, make it work for video.
There is a very good chance in the next year or so that the studio is going to move again.
Alan and I are looking at potentially moving again and next time the next space will be
designed with video in mind.
And I think that will go a long way in how this show is presented.
And someday, someday in the far future, we will have an orange lounge and actually, yes,
maybe perhaps, maybe after all that time, I'll get an orange cover for you to cover.
There you go.
You have our fricking orange lounge.
Um, I dark soccer, I know you're not as invested in the video part of it, but do you have something
that you think is an improvement you'd like to see happen?
Um, no, no, really.
I mean, so far things are pretty good.
I mean, I like the creative way things have been going.
I think it's actually pretty fun.
So, and then I get to randomly just put stuff up on the camera and do randomly, you know?
Yeah.
I think all of us had some app, some apprehensions in one way or another about the change because,
you know, change is scary.
The shout cast was comfortable, you know, it was gonna be sure for the listeners to
like, it's been a change, but like, you know, I, now that we're doing it, I am kind of kicking
myself a little bit going, God, we should have done it like three years sooner.
You know, we could have been more on the cutting edge of it, but it is what it is.
Like, I don't, no regrets, you know, when all is said and done.
The other thing, the other thing I just want to say about video improvements, more, I just,
there's not enough time to produce more B-roll, more things like more user created or out
in the road, out in the field, created segments, admittedly, I've been slacking on that a little
bit.
Like I've been trying to do some break segments, but.
Well maybe if I record a ton of footage this week, I can clip a best of thing together.
I'm still trying to do the laser tag stuff, but it's hard to do laser tag footage because
the footage is okay.
Um, I know now I'm not the talk over it when I'm recording, but their music is so goddamn
loud and it's just like, all audio can be stripped and replaced though.
It's very easy to strip out and you can hear the pew pew and the killing, but I guess I
gotta, I gotta record that and then dub it back in and it should actually just be you
going pew pew, laser beams, pew pew.
All right.
Bobby followed up, uh, SJ100 Matt's question, just wanting to chime in saying, by the way,
we're going to address some of these questions at our Dragon Con panel Saturday at two 30
because it's about taking your audio podcast and moving it to video.
Like we actually have a panel about this thing that we've done here at VOG Network, which
is really cool.
So that's going to be Saturday at two 30 PM and that is going to be live streamed on Twitch
at DC Digital Media.
Step one in your, you're taking your audio podcast into video is put the cat and isolate
the cat in a different part of the house.
Word of God.
That's where he's about to go in a minute.
All right.
Uh, let's go to another tweet here.
Dark Tetsuya with another tweet saying, going back on the president cat thing from last
week for a bit.
Did you know, apparently Jorudan, the company that was making it, got out of the game industry
some time ago.
So we may have to start hashtag save president cat.
What do you guys think?
So Jorudan got out of the game industry.
Well, if the game sold as bad as everybody said it did, I'm surprised they didn't get
out of the game industry a long time ago.
Maybe we can purchase the IP for president cat.
Holy shit.
That's the best idea.
Oh my God.
Now we have something we can spend all this bitty money on, right Bobby?
Can we spend all the subscription money on getting the rights to president cat?
You know what though?
I mean, think about it.
If we did do that and then we get our crack team of, uh, game designers who listen to
us all, what, three of them and no, I would, I would buy the rights to present.
I would buy the rights to president cat and give them, give them to Y Y R as a gift.
I was actually sort of thinking about doing like actual legit marketing on it.
They have produced so many hamster games.
It's ridiculous.
Really?
Yes.
All right.
Anything that's like actually been released in the States or like they all Japanese games?
Well, they did a vert.
They did the SNES version of alien versus predator game boy color.
They had bubble bubble classic and chase HQ, secret police.
So there's some stuff they do that come up as a Yogi bear game.
Oh, and so many hamster club games.
There's like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Also the pets hamsters life too, cause obviously they're really, you know, they're good at
making hamster games.
That's what we've established here.
And to be fair, actually, as much as we're joking about buying the rights to president
cat, I actually don't think the rights were with that gaming company.
I think wasn't the character of Rena, like a comic or something like something that existed
on a TV parody.
Like I feel like that, that, that cat character actually existed somewhere else.
It's a mascot of a blog named Nico punch.
Okay.
So, so I go punch him.
I was kind of right.
I just didn't know it was a blog.
All right.
Well, we just licensed it from the blog then fair enough.
I bet.
I bet.
If we ask that guy from the blog is gone.
So I bet if we asked that guy very nicely from the Oh, Iraq studios that made cat president,
we can maybe buy his rights to cat president.
Probably a lot cheaper.
I don't know.
Yeah.
The Nico punch blog is gone.
Apparently they've disbanded after them.
Maybe the rights are available.
Stay tuned.
Stay tuned.
All right.
One more question.
We'll just make our own president cat.
You know what?
That's right.
I know it's not technically, technically we made president cat.
That game had a Japanese name that meant like boss cat.
We made president cat.
So therefore thusly, and I can just take a picture of Mr. Smoosh with a president cat
hat on like an Abe Lincoln hat.
And that can be president cat.
Yeah, but Midna would be queen cat.
Well, she, uh, uh, Midna can be secretary of milk.
No, she's the queen.
She's not nobody's secretary cause she's a girl cat.
No, I was thinking secretary of state like Hillary Clinton.
Come on.
All right.
All right.
Anyway, going on to our last tweet from, uh, the annual K it's D underscore annual K I
actually know Daniel K or as I call them on this show, the other DK, uh, so DK is a tweeting
us tonight saying, hi, hello, uh, what makes gaming so exciting for y'all?
I think that's a very blunt, direct, good question to remind us why we do this podcast.
What makes gaming exciting because it's been a part of my entire life and it would feel
weird not having it there be like missing the leg.
What do you think?
What makes gaming exciting for you?
Um, whenever I get a really good story, but it also has, um, like things in the world
that make it unique and special, like, you know, for example, having culture or its own
Conlang or, um, when they put thought into the sociology in the game.
So it's, it's the effort into the world when they build a world that excites me, then I
really want to learn everything I can about it.
You know, I could go all the way back with an answer to this, to when I was like first
gaming on the Atari 2,600 and part of what always drew me to video games was the fact
that I was controlling what was on the television.
You know, usually, you know, you would be watching cable, you'd be watching things that
somebody else made and is sending to your TV.
But when I played Atari 2,600 for the first time, it was playing a game like kaboom.
I was in control of those buckets, trying to catch the bombs that were dropping, you
know, and I was the one that would fail or succeed and have that kind of sense of accomplishment.
And so I think it's kind of like both those things.
I think it's like being able, being able to feel like you are part of the art.
You know, if we're to say that video games are art, which I do fully believe they are,
you know, movies are art, paintings are art, books are art.
But how often do you get to be a part of those?
I mean, I know there's always kind of like these kind of interesting genre bending things
like choose your own adventure books, let's say, they let you be a part of it, right?
But for the most part, you don't really get to be in those.
But with a video game and gaming, you get to be a part of that.
You're in control.
You're the one that's going to determine success or failure.
Whether that's a very simple, easy, repetitive type of Atari 2,600 old school game like kaboom
or something like that, or to something new and modern and very story driven like Mass
Effect.
You know, ultimately you're in the control of the choices and you're going to determine
what happens to the galaxy in a game like that.
Or even something very open world like Minecraft.
If you want to build a town full of houses shaped like penises, that is your prerogative.
That's your call.
You could do whatever you want.
And so I think it's kind of like those things.
The fact that you become part of the art, I think is what makes gaming exciting for
me.
We have a bonus question from The Other DK.
All right.
Bonus question.
What out there, in quotey fingers, what out there gaming concept do you think will be
released in the near future?
For example, flying cars or something completely outlandish.
What out there gaming concept do you think will be released in the near future?
Well, where my brain goes right off the bat is like HUDs, user display, right?
Like I think I almost feel like GPS and like navigation on something like Google Maps or
Apple Maps or something like GPS navigation in some ways I feel like is inspired by like
those genre of open world games where like the arrow points to your next destination.
Like I kind of feel like GPS is kind of that.
So my answer kind of takes that a step further.
And some of those other things that we do in video games with like, you know, and already
like, you know, if you drive a very modern car like a Tesla or something like I feel
like a lot of the way those navigate is like things that you've seen in gaming in a way.
Yeah, it's like you were saying, like AR stuff basically is kind of what we'll see
all sorts of weird implementations of that because they've already tried to do like some
sort of AR like like first person shooter games where they have like, you know, this
weird ass laser gun, like almost like laser tag, but with like your phone strapped to
it, which that's probably pretty lame.
But like I can imagine later on, like actually getting a good AR system where it just works
seamlessly wherever you go, then that could be pretty cool.
I think you're right on the money with like AR.
Like right now we think of AR like being used in things like Pokemon Go.
You know, it's very basic.
It is very basic.
But I could see that AR like imagine this now maybe AR in the future.
Like let's say you're having trouble building IKEA furniture like AR could like look at
what you've built and show you the next piece and where it goes.
It just says no.
Yes.
No.
This is all wrong.
All of this is wrong.
That little cartoon character with the X.
But you know what I mean?
Like like that type of.
And I think we've we've seen that already.
Like some very rudimentary versions of that would like placing pretend furniture in a
home to pretend what your house might look like if you lived in it.
And that type of thing.
So I think I think some of those AR gaming concepts, especially when it comes to your
mobile phone and through your phone, I think you're right on the money.
I think I think that is like a very valid, like realistic answer to this question.
That's the type of stuff we're seeing in gaming now that I bet will show up more and more
in the real world that AR and being able to, you know, pretend that things are there and
help walk you through those types of things I think is going to continue to grow and be
huge.
Jamie, I don't want to leave you out of an answer, though.
What what kind of like out there concept from gaming do you think will be a technology we
all use in our daily lives?
I'm thinking I mean, this might sound stupid, but we've been talking about like the whole
holodeck thing.
And, you know, they already have those holographic keyboards.
Could you imagine like having sort of like a holo pad or something that would bring up
things like interactive displays and you're kind of like almost like having your Wii U
screen in hand?
Yeah.
But instead you have like a holographic HUD or a maybe something that uses AR on your
phone?
Or haptics.
No, I know.
I know we always joke that like with each generation of gaming, we're getting one step
closer to the holodeck.
But it's true.
Right.
And especially now that things like VR and AR are becoming more and more like, you know,
sure, you still have to put on this giant headset to really, truly experience, you know,
VR.
Like, I remember like we were like, think about that, like in the 90s.
And it's like, oh, that's kind of cool and everything, but like, it'll never happen.
You know, and now it's just like kind of, well, and then that technology is going to
get more and more light, like, you know, VHS tapes were bulky and now everything is like
digital.
And so, you know, it's, there's going to come a time when that technology is not so bulky
and things like, I know we, Google Glass did not do so well.
Everybody always joked about glass holes and things like that, but I think there is going
to come a time when like you're wearing glasses and the glasses already have it.
There's North, which is a new, there's like $600 glasses.
They were actually selling them last weekend at Intel.
They have their pop up shop, but they have like two in the United, one in the United
States and one in Canada.
But like they're $600 glasses.
All they do is like, they show like notifications on your glasses, but it's, it's like projected
on there and you can see like everything and I wanted it.
It's complete garbage, like for $600, like I don't need to be spending it, but it's neat
and I want it.
So, yeah.
And you know, what's funny is that our pal Bobby Black Wolf is doing that panel.
So Bobby got on three tracks this year.
We were all excited.
Last year we were on two tracks, digital media and video games.
Dude, Bobby got on the third.
He's on the Star Trek track this year because they actually do a panel every year.
That's like update.
How much closer is the holodeck to being a reality?
Oh yes.
Cause you know, he does a lot with VR, not just as a, as a hobbyist.
So, uh, he's on that panel this year and I'm actually, I'm excited to check it out personally
and uh, it's a bummer you don't go to Dragon Con dark soccer cause I bet you'd get a kick
out of that panel too.
Want to pay for my ticket?
Well, I'm, I'm, I'm not that rich sadly.
I didn't win a million dollars playing survivor unfortunately.
Um, I got a blanket so I don't have a lot of money to share.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
Well that, those were some great questions.
Thank you guys so much.
I, I feel like we might have to incorporate Twitter questions more often into the show.
Um, just because we get good stuff on there.
So no, we haven't played any games recently on the show.
I know we haven't cause um, I think ever since we switched to video, we kind of left those
by the wayside.
But um, I think there was talk about using Twitch extensions to bring some of that functionality
back.
I don't want to say too much cause I don't know what, I don't remember what Bobby told
me.
He can't, he can't do, but they are things we're thinking about.
But yeah, we haven't done any of the games in a while.
We need to bring some of the game shows back.
So anyway, um, great questions.
Yay.
Uh, let's take a trip down memory lane.
Uh, every week dark Sakura jumps into the gaming vault and finds the game that she thinks,
Hey, you guys should put, put your Google glass down and uh, check out this.
You have to, you have to boot this and Ms. Doss, you're going to type C colon backslash.
Then you're going to type CDs space.
All right.
Dark soccer.
That's actually being very literal cause I know what she picked for tonight.
So that is the type of way you would have to boot this game, right?
Dark soccer.
What did you pick tonight for the classic game of the week?
I picked jazz Jack rabbit developed and published by Epic mega games.
It came out in 1994 it came out for PCs operating Doss later on there were Mac and windows versions.
So this would be like windows 3.1 or one one if you were a networker or windows 95
if you were to afford the newest operating system at the time, but yeah, at any, at any
rate the game is set in the world based on the tortoise and the hare.
So, but it has the, the hatred between the tortoises and the hares have still gone on
for 3000 years.
There's an evil tortoise named Devin shell who started conquering planets and doing just
general evil things.
And one of the planets named Cara Tuss, uh, had a peaceful hair kingdom and then was,
you know, eventually, um, you know, was able to starve off the, uh, the tortoises attacking
and then they kidnapped their princess.
So of course, because we have the female character only exists to serve as a tag.
So anyway, we have just Jack rabbit who has to go rescue the princess and he has a light,
uh, sorry, a blue gun that he goes around shooting things.
He wears a red bandana cause it was the nineties and that's edgy.
He's also bright green.
And so, um, basically it is, uh, some, uh, platforming, um, you basically go around jumping
on shit.
You can shoot shit.
You can run fast, jump higher the longer that you run kind of Sonic-y, um, but in no way
there's inspiration from Sonic in this.
Funny you mentioned that it was actually inspired by Zool for the Amiga, but you know, no one
has original ideas since, you know, 1982 anyway.
So at any rate, um, you've got like, you can get a hoverboard and you can get like, uh,
force fields and a sidekick bird and different speeds up and invincibilities, extra lives,
all kinds of stuff like that.
You can get TNT, get big containers of ammo, but it has like no abysses, like no holes.
So you just keep going, you can't die by falling.
Um, so as it goes, so the game's divided into six episodes and each episode has three planets
and worlds and every planet has two levels.
Um, sometimes they have an additional secret level and then, uh, the final level of every
episode has a boss fight.
Um, and I think it's like, uh, unlimited continues, I think it's been an agent, I've played it,
but at any rate, um, it was, uh, you know, inspired by the game Zool for the Amiga and,
um, and it was driven by the success of other classics like Sonic the Hedgehog and the Mega
Man series that kept it going on.
And it was though considered to be, they thought that it was a, uh, a pastiche, which is a
type of visual reference.
One that celebrates, um, Sonic the Hedgehog, but it wasn't quite, you know, that really
wasn't what it was.
It was more like it was derived from Zool.
Um, it also had interactive music called Cyber Sound Music System.
Um, it did get a CD version that had the original six episodes and three additional ones called
the Lost Episodes.
Um, and then it had an episode with Jazz as a lizard.
And then there was a shareware edition that had just a special three level themed episode
called Holiday Hair.
Um, this was, uh, from Jack Jazz Rabbit, uh, Jazz Jack Rabbit CD.
Um, and then there were other like shareware holiday versions.
And of course then in 1988, there was a sequel and a reboot on Game Boy Advance and then
a Kickstarter, um, done by one of the co-creators, Cliff Bleszinski, who, uh, actually was later
on one of the forces in Epic Games' Unreal in Gears of War.
So we have some tie-ins to current things.
And of course you can get this on, you know, on other, like, I think it's on GOG and other
stuff so you can still get the game today.
So go play it is what you're saying.
Eh.
Or not.
I'll be honest, I was into it for a hot minute when it was like new, but at the time I wasn't
really so much a fan of playing games on the PC, you know?
Like my MMO was Gemstone.
You know, I would play like the point and clicks, but an action game like that, it wasn't
really my, my, my, uh, uh, you know, bottle of vodka.
All right.
Well, there it is anyway, your classic game of the week.
And it's one I play.
I probably played Jill of the Jungle more, but I still enjoyed some Jazz Jack Rabbit.
That's for sure.
So, I mean, go play it, you know, learn some of the roots of your games.
You know, it's one of those niche appreciation type games that had big appreciation in its
niche.
Yeah.
And you know, yeah.
And you know, again, cause I don't want to make it sound like we're, we're negative on
this game.
We're not, not whatsoever because like this game, I think you didn't really have a lot
of like platformers on the PC.
You didn't think of like platforming games, like this was the type of game you would expect
to see on a Super Nintendo, but instead you got to play it on your PC and that wasn't
very common.
And I think that's something very important to realize about, you know, the nineties when
this was out is that seeing these types of platforming games on the PC, especially as
well-rounded as this, not super common.
So it really felt like, yeah, you were playing something like a Super Nintendo game, but
on your PC and that was pretty rad.
And also, you know, there's many people now that think Epic is just the Fortnite company,
but in reality they've had a huge history in gaming and shareware.
That's right.
And shareware.
That's also very important.
So there it is.
Your classic game of the week, Jazz Jackrabbits.
I'm surprised they have a remaster, didn't they do like an HD remaster of it or something?
But I'm surprised they haven't like done a sequel or anything.
Yeah.
I'm kind of surprised.
It was like a thing from the Kickstarter.
Yeah.
I feel like there was like a mobile thing or whatever.
Oh yeah.
Not the same.
Not the same.
All right.
Um, we need to catch up on some news.
So we're only, you know, we're taping this really partway through the week.
So we may not get everything.
There may still be some big news that comes up that we don't get to on Sunday, but there
have been quite a few headlines to cover nonetheless.
So let's start talking about some headlines.
So of course this week we had Gamescom and so there's been lots of announcements for
that.
They had this big open night live ceremony thing hosted by Jeff Keighley.
And with that, they showed off a bunch of different trailers for stuff.
So some of the things covered there, of course, they talked a little bit about Call of Duty
Modern Warfare, which is having an open alpha that starts on, well would have started on
Friday, August 23rd.
And then they announced a sequel to Kerbal Space Program.
So that's coming in 2020, the consoles and PC.
There's a game Humankind by Sega.
That's that was that big AAA game or whatever that they were teasing last week, right?
Yeah.
Some simulation game of human history.
That's coming in 2020.
I guess that's what makes it AAA because it's all of history in one game.
Total Nightmares 2 is something that they announced in 2020 as well.
THQ Nordic is rebooting Comanche.
So they're doing it's a helicopter action game and that's going to be coming out.
Need for Speed Heat.
They've got the Heat Studio that you can download.
It's a mobile app that you can customize cars because they want you to really buy those
skins when it comes out.
A match at the Gathering Arena should be coming.
It's a semi exclusive to the Epic Games Store.
Iron Harvest is releasing on September 1st, 2020.
This game called Disintegration looks pretty awesome.
They showed that off.
Not to be confused with a great Cure album.
No.
And then, of course, let's see what else.
And then there was this game called Erika, an interactive thriller.
Oh, yeah, because I think Erika they announced some time ago and then it was like that was
like their whole like it's out now.
It's a PlayLink game.
Yeah.
You can use your phones with that.
And that's available now for 10 bucks on PlayStation 4.
And then, of course, last but not least, of course, because Jeff Keighley is involved,
you knew there was another Death Stranding trailer coming and they had a brand new trailer
showing off some new characters, including Jeff Keighley is actually in the game, not
voiced by him, which is awfully weird, though.
And then instead they got Gilbert Gottfried.
No.
And then they have was it the one character, Mama, that they showed off that all sorts
of strange.
OK.
You know, she's breastfeeding a ghost baby.
I didn't see the new trailer.
I'm I'm kind of all like all my change for Death Stranding hype has been spent.
That doesn't mean I don't like want to check out the game or anything.
I'm actually doing the game a favor by holding off on the hype.
Yes.
So that when it comes out, I can just play the fucking game.
Exactly.
It looks interesting.
To be to be clear, I'm not being a hater.
I'm actually doing the game a favor.
Like I'm worried the more and more we hype this shit up, the more and more we're setting
ourselves up for a no man's sky type of situation.
So I'm just going to take the game for what it is when it comes out.
And then, of course, Microsoft had their own inside Xbox around the same time.
So they talked a lot of stuff, including definitely cry fives coming to Xbox Game Pass.
Cool.
Stellaris console edition, Age of Empires Definitive Edition will be available on the
PC games pass eight out in Kingdom Come Deliverance will be coming August 22nd, which is today.
And Bard's Tale for director's cut will be coming on the 27th Blair, which is getting
added to games pass on console and PC.
I have game pass.
I have to check that out.
And that's on August 30th.
Humans Fall Flat will be going to scary a free level on PC and Xbox one.
The announced Age of Empires to definitive edition will be coming November 14th and adds
better AI, 4K graphics and more improvements.
Gears pop actually came out today on iOS, Android and Windows 10.
And Gears, let's see, they said that keyboard noises, Jamie, just, you know, they showed
off something for NBA 2K 20s career mode, which it has, I guess, Idris Elba and Rosario
Dawson.
That's pretty cool.
Like some big name talent for a sports game.
That's pretty rad.
Yeah.
Ghost War, which is a new multiplayer mode for Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Breakpoint is
something else they showed off.
And PUBG is getting cross platform play with PlayStation four in an update in October.
Oh, wow.
New Xbox one controller designs, including one that looks like camouflage and one they
call sports blue.
It's a pretty blue though.
It is.
I don't know why it's sports, but it's a pretty color.
They announced that they're going to be holding a fan event called XO 19, um, the weekend
of November 14th in London.
And they're going to have some more announcements around then maybe Xbox, whatever the next
X boxes seems a little soon for that.
I don't know why you'd announce that just before the shopping season.
Like I feel like that's true to recap everything that's going to be available for the holiday.
And the next year we talk about Scarlet, uh, Metro Exodus is getting two kernels DLC coming
out.
Uh, well they already came out by now, August 20th and they showed off a gears war five
hoard mode.
Of course.
Yeah.
So that was pretty cool.
And here's something quite ironic.
So last week we talked about how Minecraft is not getting the ultra awesome, um, super
graphics pack on consoles.
Right.
And then right the very next day, Nvidia's like, Oh, but wait, it's coming to PC because
they have a ray tracing support now announced.
If you have an RTX, um, a GTX, a G force RTX card, those are pretty high end video cards
though.
Aren't they?
Yeah.
So I think 20, I don't know if the 20, 60 supports it, but the 20, 70, 20, 80, um, is
that like a mod or is that like an official, officially supported, it's an officially supported
thing.
Huh?
Interesting.
So it's gonna, I don't know if this is the windows 10 version of this, but it is showing
off like some of the, yeah, it looks like the water effects are pretty crazy.
Yeah.
So it looks cool.
Um, and it is something that's kind of, you know, uh, officially out there.
So I mean, I, I, I don't have a card to take advantage of that cause I have a laptop, but
it's someday it's about time for me to upgrade.
So I'm thinking about it.
It is pretty, yeah.
I think it might be an holiday gift to myself as to get myself one of those fancy cards.
And then a GameStop has laid off over a hundred people.
Um, so apparently they also laid off half the staff for a game informer, which I gotta
be honest, I get game of former every month and I like thumb through it really quick and
it goes in the trash.
So, I mean, that sucks.
It sucks that they know people's jobs are being gone, but I kind of understand at least
the press mega, the, the print magazine.
I understand that it's kind of print magazines, a harder and harder thing to push these days.
It's sad.
Yeah.
Um, because it's just a lot of the news that we get out of there.
It's just like, it's old by the time you get it, um, getting harder and harder for them
to get exclusive news, which was kind of one thing that was keeping them going because
GameStop is starting to lose more and more of a foothold on the game sales market as
more goes digital.
You know, the, the Walmarts and targets of the world keep selling games and you know,
so it's GameStop is a company we've been saying this for years, it's kind of been in trouble.
You know, obviously I think they're going to pivot a little bit from just selling video
games and that you're already seeing that, that they sell more like gaming memorabilia
and stuff, shirts, things like that.
But I either they're going to continue to pivot that way or they're going to,
and you know what, the thing that sucks the most about like that idea, like, and I've
said it so many times when I go in there, like I like the fact that they have the merchandise
and stuff and then they have merchandise for like kids and everything like that.
But guess what?
They don't have, they don't have shirts for kids.
They don't have kid sizes for shirts.
They're all adult sizes.
I'm like, so many times I would go and buy, I would totally buy a shirt for my son, but
they don't have sizes for him.
And it's just, it's kind of frustrating.
Not even like just, they have such a huge selection of shirts.
Just make a small section of that or small percentage of it, kid sizes.
And then I might be, because obviously kids are coming in because you're selling like
Ryan's World toys and like the random loot box crap that they have or the surprise eggs
and that kind of thing.
So obviously you are gearing towards that crowd, but like bring some of that stuff in
so that we can buy some of that, you know, because you would think a lot of parents be
like, oh yeah, hey, I want to buy your shirt and get them interested in stuff, but they
don't have that available, which is such like a loss of potential, I think.
Yeah, I hear you.
I agree.
So anyways, this was apparently part of their previously announced GameStop reboot initiative
to transform their business for future and improve their financial performance.
They said we can confirm the workforce reduction was implemented impacting more than 120 corporate
staff positions representing an approximate 14 percent of our total associate base at
our company headquarters, as well as some of the other offices.
While these changes are difficult, they were necessary to reduce costs and better align
the organization with our efforts to optimize the business to meet our future objectives
and success.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Basically, you know, they're trying to reduce costs and realign what their focus as a company
is.
In other words, this is the last ditch ever to save us from total bankruptcy.
I don't know if it's last ditch, but it's kind of like it's we're getting we're they're
pivoting.
Yeah, pivoting.
Yes.
We'll we'll stick with that as we knew that this announcement was coming, that we finally
got our announcement trailer for the television Amico and they showed off.
There was a few I don't know if it was 17 games, but there's 17 games that will be launching.
OK, hold up, though, because the trailer wasn't like I was thinking it was going to be like
a trip.
OK, so that trailer was like a whole bunch of like shots of the Amico, which, you know,
it does.
It looks nice.
Seeing those little controller screens in action was pretty mixed in with Tommy being
Tommy and talking a lot for like a good three and a half minutes of that trailer.
And then like the last maybe forty five seconds was bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Just a bunch of screenshots of games.
Don't know what they are.
Don't know much.
I mean, unless you can kind of figure it out by looking.
Don't really know a lot about them.
Just bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
It looked like a few a few games I recognize, like kind of look like remakes of like I definitely
some remakes of old properties in there for sure.
I mean, a lot of them kind of looked like Android cell phone gamey, but like I'm not
really shading.
They are.
It's supposed to be a cheap frickin console.
So I get it.
I get the quality of the games is not going to be Grand Theft Auto.
No, I understand that.
And two, there's all the games every two ninety nine to nine ninety nine.
No DLC, no in-app purchases, whatever in a family friendly.
So I get that.
And that's fine.
It did look like a lot of the games and I'm trying not to like say this in a way to dog
on the console, but a lot of it looked like, you know, kind of those cheap like, oh, we're
remastering some of these classic arcade games, you know, with slightly better graphics that
you saw, like on the PlayStation one type things.
Whereas I would want to see more retro style games like like Shovel Knight type game or,
you know, something that's like, you know, that retro style graphics that not necessarily
trying to like take an old game and make it like slightly newer.
If you want to do that, like, you know, they have the Space Invaders Extreme or something
like that, where it's still keeping that kind of classic look.
But updating the gameplay would be kind of cool.
But then again, we had it's hard to tell based on what is.
And I also thought it's still so early to pass.
I thought that they weren't doing like 3D games and stuff in there.
I thought it was supposed to be just like 2D games.
I think you can use like 3D models in a 2D game.
Some of it looked like it was 3D, like they have that plane thing.
I don't know what that was all about, but who knows?
It's hard to tell.
Yeah.
I mean, there's some things that probably kind of get to break the rules a little bit.
But yeah, I mean, it's it is it's way too early to pass off judgment.
You know, I don't want to sound like I'm shading.
I'm not, you know, let's hear more about the games.
I remain open to Amico just because of the fact that the games are going to be so cheap,
you know?
Yeah.
Some of those games, OK, they look like three dollar games, but they are three dollar games.
You know, there maybe there's going to be there's nothing wrong with that.
Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that.
So let's let's hear more.
Let's let's see.
I'm curious.
I'm always a big proponent about I know they're talking about families playing in the same
room, but I'm curious if these things are going to do anything online.
I guess does Amico even have online capability or did they just cut that out?
How do you buy the games?
Oh, oh, online.
Oh, online multiplayer.
Yeah.
No, no boards.
I don't think there's going to be online multiplayer.
I think it's only going to be within the same room because that's what they're talking about
is bringing the family get together to ice again for the price.
I sort of get that.
I'm not expecting it to be like freaking Xbox, Xbox online or something like Xbox Live.
But I was just kind of like, oh, it would be neat if like in some of these retro games,
you could do clips or but I guess the consoles just probably not going to be powerful enough
to do a lot of those modern privileges, if you will.
But I really I still want to see what the games really are.
You know, I'm hoping that it's not going to become a new year and that that's my only
worry because it kind of I'm hopeful that it will be handled well and I think it will
be.
But like in the back of my mind, I'm still kind of the ooh yeah vibes.
I get it.
I get it.
Because that was the ooh yeah thing, too.
They're like, oh, our games are going to be cheap.
They're going to be inexpensive.
They're going to have like free demos and stuff like that.
And then it's just like you you got what you paid for with like cheap games like that.
A lot of them are pretty cheap experiences, but that's not to say that it's going to happen
again.
That's not to say that every time that some concept like this comes out, that's going
to be the same thing every time.
So I want to see what's going to be on there.
It's early.
We'll give we'll keep seeing what develops.
Yes.
All right.
All right.
And then Sony has apparently purchased Insomniac Games, the recent Spider-Man game and a lot
of Spider-Man ratchet and clank resistance.
Please.
New resistance game.
I'd love a new resistance game.
It's definitely time and of course, Sunset Overdrive.
So I guess we're not getting this equal that.
But I'm curious to see, though, because they had even with Sunset Overdrive was an awesome
game.
And I don't know.
This is a great studio.
So I'd be curious to see what new IPs could come out from them.
I'm curious what their PlayStation five game must be, because very curious.
Clearly, that's going to be something in development.
Yeah.
And then so some more stuff real quick.
So they announced the Mortal Kombat 11 DLC fighters, which is pretty cool.
Is it just me or does it really look?
Really look what?
You cut out there.
Really?
Look what does.
Is it just me or does Terminator really look like Arnold?
Yes.
Well, even not necessarily term, you know, the T-800, but they also had, you know, Shang
Zun looks just like the actor from the Mortal Kombat.
We already seen that, though.
Yeah.
I understand that.
All that stuff's already out.
Spawns.
Yeah.
Spawns.
Awesome.
But yeah, like the Arnold.
The Arnold model is awesome.
I'm kind of mixed on the Joker.
I think the Joker kind of looks, but then I kind of went back and looked at like what
they did for injustice and stuff, and it kind of looks better than that.
So I like that Joker doesn't look like any of the actors that have played Joker.
I like that they let Joker be something new.
I'm looking forward to Sindel, though.
Me too.
I stand Sindel in the old games.
Like I used to love Sindel in Mortal Kombat 3.
I want more story content, though, with Sindel being in there because she was I mean, basically
it was because of her that all the revenant characters were around.
I feel like I'll finally pick up Mortal Kombat 11 when all these characters are out and they
release that inevitable Game of the Year collection for 20 bucks.
That's that's what I'm waiting on.
So then Dead by Daylight announced that they're getting Stranger Things crossover DLC, which
looks awesome.
So it's going to add the Demogorgon as one of the monsters.
They're going to have also Steve Harrington and Nancy Wheeler as characters.
Oh, they didn't want to put children in because it's a killy killy stab stab game, but you
put in.
OK, so they put in the older teens.
Interesting.
Yes.
And then, of course, they also have the Hawkins National Laboratory is one of the their underground
complex is one of the levels that's added in there.
Please tell me that Steve is wearing his Scoops Ahoy outfit.
He's not.
But that's not to say that they don't have like costumes or whatever.
OK, good.
And technically and technically, if you want to be canon with the show, it should be Jonathan
Byers that's with him or with Nancy, not necessarily Steve Harrington, but you can't you can't
argue with the hair.
I mean, and he's definitely more more popular of a character they could do if it's successful.
They could do like Jonathan and Billy maybe.
So when are we going to get like a giant like because I get it dead by daylight.
I think it's not like a 4v1 or is it like, you know, something like that.
When are we going to get the big like battle royale like we've got like 30 or 40 monsters
hunting down like 100 people type thing.
That would be amazing.
That game still performs very well on live streams and stuff.
And, you know, it's still like I always see people streaming it on Twitch.
So wait, I imagine the developers, if they can sell more copies by putting in a huge
battle royale type of thing, I would be down for it.
It might happen.
And then last but not least, I would say this is pretty cool.
Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 is coming out and they have this new
mode that they in there.
It's a retro mode.
So it actually has the different events done in the style of their eight bit and 16 bit
counterparts.
OK, that's pretty rad.
I like that.
It looks like track and field, like the old Konami.
They have track and field.
They have like diving.
They have all of the events are in a retro mode.
OK, that's cool, which honestly, this right here, I feel should have been its own game
and release as part of like the switch online thing.
Oh, because that way it really should have been its own thing.
They could sell the retro only version for like 10 bucks or something.
That would be fun.
But I guess probably cost more money than that to develop.
I wouldn't be able to make their money back just on that.
But I love the retro mode idea.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
They've got like all the different events were in there.
I like they had oh, I was trying to pull up real quick.
They had one.
It was it's judo or something like that.
And so they have the princess and oh, my God, that's amazing.
It's just it's awesome.
And they put some Masonic shitty friends in there, too.
Yes, they have sonic shitty friends in there.
Wonderful.
All right, that's it for news.
That's it for news.
Quite a bit of news for just a few days into the week.
So sadly, with this airing on Sunday, we don't know what will have developed in the Friday,
Saturday, Sunday.
But I don't think even games comes going on right now is still there's no more news for
games com.
You know, stuff always develops.
There's always something to blog about in the gaming world.
Come on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something will happen over the weekend.
But we'll we'll catch up on all of that when we come back after Labor Day holiday.
But believe it or not, we're getting to about that time where we're going to wrap things
up and go around to get some final thoughts and wrap things up in the studio tonight.
I hope everybody has a great week off for those that are going to Dragon Con.
I can't wait to see you guys there.
I'm very excited about it.
There's a lot of great stuff going on, as we say, towards the end of every episode of
Orange Laundrio.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But only if the voices are here to air, you know, out on air.
That's it.
Five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever you found this podcast.
That goes an awful long way.
Dark Soccer.
Sorry you couldn't be here tonight, but I'm glad we got you in the virtual sense anyway,
even if even if we hear you typing away over there.
But that's OK.
Do you have a final thought?
I was just trying to get a few something popped up as kind of an emergency thing.
So I was getting it taken care of.
All right.
Fair enough.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Make Mr. Rogers proud of you.
I like that.
My final thought tonight is that lots of big changes and good things are in store.
I hope I can tell you more in two weeks when we come back.
So stay tuned for that.
Not all of it is necessarily show related, though I am going to work on the bumpers.
I'm really excited, too, about like networking and stealing.
I mean, borrowing lots of good ideas at Dragon Con.
Really looking forward to meeting other Twitch streamers and stealing some good ideas.
I mean, borrowing.
Loki, last but not least, sir, your final thought.
So I like I said, we start in the game jam on Saturday at noon.
I don't know how much time I'm going to get the stream on the weekend.
I'm going to hopefully I will be streaming this week, though, hopefully a lot.
And I've my wife's actually out of town this week.
So that means working late at night.
So I'm hoping with the extra time I can actually get in there and be able to put something
together.
I really, really want to finish something.
I really do.
I don't want to perpetuate this stereotype that I can't finish any games.
But yeah, so, you know, check me out at twitch.tv slash lokiolar and hopefully you'll see me
streaming this week and we'll have a lot of fun at least watching me fail if if nothing
else.
Yes.
Speaking of watching things on Twitch, I mean, certainly watching you do that will be a lot
of fun.
Also, during Labor Day weekend, keep in mind at VOG Network, we're going to be hosting
the Dragon Con media track so that a lot of these great panels are talking about stealing
ideas from.
You can do that as well by watching all the great content over on the Dragon Con media
page or excuse me, Dragon Con digital media track page, which will be hosted here at VOG
Network.
And I'm told that even the ones that don't air live will be shown later on.
They're still recording everything in the other rooms.
There's gonna be a lot of great stuff that that's coming out of Dragon Con.
Very, very, very excited for Dragon Con and the cosplay and a little vacation.
So all right, well, that's going to do it.
We will be back live on September 8th.
No show next week over the Labor Day holiday.
Happy gaming, happy game jamming, happy conventioning, whatever it is you're doing.
Have a lot of fun.
Be safe and we'll be back to do it all again on September 8th live at Twitch TV slash VOG
Network.
Thanks for joining us for another week of OLR, everybody.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
