Every year has their revivals, revisits, and reflections on the past, but it's always
interesting when over a generation later we see applied knowledge taking over the past.
In the seemingly final state of the PlayStation 2, we now have in our hands a hardware hackless
means for taking over the entire console. Any dubious means aside, this is great for
preservation and flexibility of now sunset consoles. Gaming companies may be changing
up their strategies, but we're still able to bring you your hosts Rob Roberts,
Jamie Summers, and Loki on the show where every gamer has a voice.
The 4th of July, making it July 5th, of course. My name Rob Roberts, joining you here in studio.
Not joining us tonight, unfortunately, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. She has the night off to take
care of some personal business, but joining me thanks to the magic of Discord while we continue
to socially distance for over 120 days now. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, I'm doing okay. How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing pretty good.
It's good to talk to you as always. How was your week personally before we get into games?
Um, it was uneventful, really.
Yeah.
Yeah. Stand inside.
Did you do anything for like the 4th or, I don't know, Canada Day or anything?
We weren't planning on it. And then we ended up doing,
going or trying to go to get some fireworks. And so we managed to hit up one of the booths
that had just like a very few left. I mean, they were sold out in a lot of places because
it's 8 o'clock at night on the 4th of July. So we managed to get some small stuff and then
the neighbors were setting them off. So we just kind of combined ours with theirs and just watched
them set some stuff up.
Gotcha. Now I'm kind of like over the explosions. It was fun when I was a kid, but I'm kind of like,
so I get it when you do it for your kids, but for me, I'm kind of over it at this point.
And I'm just like, I was just hiding in the house and, yeah, trying to keep the cat protected away
from all the noise. And it was, it was, yeah, something. So I'm glad it's over. Let's be real.
Yeah. Go ahead.
Well, assuming it's over, I mean, because, you know, everyone still has stuff left over.
It seems like everybody, since they have it, have to have been social distancing for a while.
And so they haven't been spending the money going out and stuff. So they dropped all that
money into fireworks, it seems like.
Oh yeah. That's actually probably a really good point is that you have a lot of people that are
probably saving money because they're not doing as much as they used to do. And yeah. And now
it's like they spend them on like dumb things like me buying an arcade cabinet this week. But
we'll come back to that later. Some of the chatters, Loki, are noticing your shirt. It's,
and for those on the podcast feed, they can't see the visuals. Although if you want to join us for
the visuals, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
VOG Network, VOG Network. Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. Or if you subscribe to our Twitch channel at VOG Network,
you can watch the video on demand at any time. But of course our audio podcast is free as it has been
for years and years and years. But one of our listeners here in chat, Pod Culture, is saying,
I'm sorry, it was Fifth Dream, same chat caller. Fifth Dream says, I spot a prince of all cosmos
on your t-shirt. And it is, you've got like a yellow and black shirt on, which isn't very
Katamari colors. What is, what is this? Just a Katamari shirt?
Yeah, it's actually, it's an official shirt from it. I had a, my, uh, coworker was cleaning out his
closet and he had some shirts that he hadn't worn. Um, and so he's all, he, he recognized that I,
I know what these games are. So I, I have one Katamari shirt and then I've got two Novi Novi
boy shirts. Oh, nice. And I guess they were from the actual developers or something like that. I,
I don't remember where he said he got them, but he says like, I haven't worn them ever. So here
you go. I'm like, cool. Hey, free shirts. Love it. All right. Uh, let's talk a little bit about,
uh, what's going on in the news. We'll get into tonight's kickoff topic. So, uh, why don't you
start us off, Loki? All right. So this is pretty cool. I've been like asking for this for, well,
since 2006. I mean, we've all been asking for it since 2006. Yes. So every year I always ask,
I'm like, when are they going to do something like they did with 2006, where they have,
you know, demos, it's like bringing E3 home. I think we talked about that literally last week
or like two weeks ago. I think that was under discussion with just last week. Yeah. So, so
that's finally going to happen again. So now since E3 isn't really happening and the whole Xbox thing
and everybody's gotta be, you know, distant and doing all the digital stuff, they've announced
that they're going to be doing this, uh, digital, uh, summer games Fest event starting July 21st.
And I think it's going to run for a week or so. So they're going to have it set up to,
they have over 60 demos. You can try a home. Now I'm guessing that a lot of these are probably
going to be indie games, but there's going to be quite a few demos that you can check out on the
Xbox one. If you have one of those, although kind of wish kind of wish I had one, but I don't know,
just to check out demos, maybe not the best idea, but, uh, pretty cool to see that they're doing
something like that. And with such large numbers, um, I'm hoping that some of this spills over onto
PC because I'd love to check out a PC demo of some of those Xbox games or Microsoft games.
Um, but we'll have to see right now. It's just, uh, specifically Xbox, but, um,
yeah, I I'm very excited to see this. They didn't really state which games yet. They did mention
though, um, uh, Chris tales and, uh, they're going to have destroy all humans, which I think is the
remake of that. And skate bird, uh, was another one, which that was just, um, out on the, uh,
steam indie showcase that they did. And then, um, the welcome to elk and hell point. So.
So I, I imagine there's going to be several games that we don't know about yet
that Microsoft plans to unveil at the, um, you know, event that they're going to be doing in
July, which I think we are starting to narrow down the timeframe of when that's going to be happening.
Um, I'm sorry, I might've missed this. Do we know if they're using the cloud gaming to deliver this,
or is this something where you're going to have to download demos of a significant size to be able
to play them or are they doing, are we going to see the cloud stuff get invoked? It does not say
that they're doing the cloud stuff. It just says that it's going to be, um, unlike normal demos
that you would see on there. A lot of these are gonna be very early. Um, so it's basically kind
of like show floor demos that they would have had, uh, which I think is kind of how they did it in
2006. It doesn't really necessarily say that they're going to be using like games pass or
the cloud streaming or anything like that to do this. I guess we'll find out a little bit more
once I think rolls around July 21st. The only thing that's like kind of a bummer with so many
and having to download them all is that of course, this would be the same month that certain large,
uh, internet providers like Comcast, I'm looking at you have decided after they were the good guys
for disabling the bandwidth meters for so long. This is going to, because of COVID that, um,
somehow COVID just went away, even though it's actually worse than it's ever been. Um,
so Comcast has decided to re-enable those bandwidth caps, um, for whatever reason,
even after showing that for several months, uh, that data caps are just there, they're invented,
they're made up. Um, now granted, I noticed that mine came back in July. If you have Comcast, you
have a bandwidth cap again, too. I noticed my bandwidth cap got higher. It went to a weird,
like, instead of like 1024 megabyte or yeah, no 1024 gigabytes or whatever, right. A terabyte.
I noticed that it's like 1226 or something a little, it's kind of like a higher number
for whatever reason, but still, um, 60 demos, that's going to be a lot of traffic. Now on the
flip side, if this are all going to be cloud delivered, then you start to run into some of
the issues that people are having with Stadia, right? Which is how much bandwidth is that going
to eat up if I'm doing, you know, 4k gaming for a significant amount of time, but the bandwidth
isn't too bad for 1080p. I noticed that when I was playing Stadia on my PC a few months ago.
So I would assume that since these are demos, it's going to be the file size is going to be
much smaller. Um, so I would assume that it shouldn't be too bad. And, and probably out
of the 60 plus games that they're going to have, I'm assuming that you're not going to want to play
it necessarily everything. Uh, Questbuster in chat says Comcast COVID has somehow disappeared,
activate data caps, confused worker, but COVID is worse now than Comcast. Your lack of faith
is disturbing. I actually imagine the conversation went just like that. I think you're correct.
Bobby Blackwell says, good news. They up me to 1.2 terabytes. So I, that Bobby is experiencing
the same thing that I, I did. So woo. Now how generous of them. Yeah, I know. Uh, now to be
fair, I looked at how much we use last month and we used maybe 690 gigs last month, which is about
half that. Um, which is interesting though, because that's way higher than we've ever been
before. I mean, we were maybe at like four 50 besides the one month, my Xbox went crazy and
like downloaded the same thing over and over. And I went way over the cap. Usually I've been
around like four 50 maybe, but Alan and I both work from home now and I do a lot of multimedia
work. So I'm oftentimes sending big files back and forth. I have to do that for work.
So I can see why we went up all of a sudden another 200 gigabytes. Um, but I can't exactly
spend, you know, a ton of ton of gigs downloading a bunch of demos. So I'm going to have to like
cherry pick the stuff I want to play. I mean, I guess my, my Xbox only holds a terabyte anyway,
and there's some things I'm not looking to delete anytime soon, but it is, it is kind of an
interesting little downside to, you know, because like in 2006, when we talked about the Xbox,
um, three 60 demos, not only were those smaller for sure, but, uh, also there was only like,
what, like four of them. And there was like a lost planet. It was lost planet, uh, dead rising,
I think. And, um, Moto GP six, it was all Capcom games, which, you know, which, you know, not to,
but the numbers gone way up. So there's going to be way more to pick from. And you know,
there's going to be some people that want to play every single one of them, you know, and, and due
to the world situation have time to do so. Yeah. And I don't know, we'll, we'll have to see how
it is. I wish, I mean, I hope they're not like time exclusive demos. Like, I hope it's like,
you have a certain window to download them, but then you can play them for like a long time.
Cause I remember that's what they did with like the original saints row is they had it, you know,
you can play it for awhile. And like, I played that demo like a bunch of times,
I think until the game came out. Cause it was a 30 minute demo. My still, one of my still favorite
E3 memories to this day was when the Nintendo DS was somewhat new. It was like the first year
everybody had them. And they had those demo stations where you could download a demo to your
DS. And, uh, a friend of mine at the time that went with me and I both downloaded the luminous
demo that was on a 3DS or was it? No, I'm sorry. It was the creators. No, the creators of luminous
did a different game. Um, that was the, Oh my God. Why can't I remember the moment? Meteos
was the name of it. Yeah. Meteos. So Meteos was the demo and I remember we dealt with it
and he played it the entire car ride home. And we, we, we, we brought it home. We didn't like,
we didn't turn off our DSs the entire, like we would charge them, keep them on charger at night.
It made the trip home somehow. Cause we kept the lid closed, charged him again. And we were showing
it to friends back home here. Like, Hey, look, here's the Meteos demo on DS cause we haven't
shut off our 3DS or our DS, excuse me, in like a week. But that was awesome. I loved that. I
missed the, I, that was one of my favorite years. Yeah. I literally brought a piece of E3 home with
me and I have, I pay in the power bill for it. So, um, VidPower 573 says these data caps caused
me to refrain from trying out demos for all these new giant full size or excuse me, giant file size
games. Let me ask this question for those of you that feel the way that VidPower does. Cause I see
some of you guys in chat are like, well, LOL, I don't have bandwidth caps to which I say,
hmm, how nice for you. Hmm. But the rest of us have to deal with bandwidth. No,
let look lucky you, but you know, you're lucky. So the rest of us that are dealing with bandwidth
caps, let me ask this question. Would you rather that they put out the demos where it's a file size
and you download whatever, or would you like a cloud based solution where maybe you have the
power to play a demo in 10 ADP versus 4k, you know, and you have some sort of power over using
cloud gaming solution. So I asked that to VidPower and everybody else in that situation in chat.
What would you, we still don't know how they're going to deliver them. We just assumed that it's
downloadable demos. Um, maybe it would be like, I could see the argument of doing the cloud based
solution because in that way you can't have people data mining your stuff because I could see that
happening quite a bit. Um, I don't know. That's a really good point. That's a really good point
is that they got to be careful what they put in these demos because data miners love to mine. I
mean, look at what happened with the Pokemon DLC, right? Like everybody already knows what's
happening with the next DLC because for whatever reason it was in the data files for this deals.
Well, I shouldn't say that like they did a dumb thing because it probably, they probably have to
do that to set up the infrastructure for both DLC to run. So for whatever the reason, everybody
data or people data mined it. Now everybody knows what Pokemon are going to be in the next
DLC as well. So you're right. Data miners will go crazy if given the opportunity to do so. And
cloud streaming, you will get around that completely. Yeah, it would, or at least I
would think it would be harder to do that if they could. Yeah. Uh, the power of five,
seven, three and chat says I would be in favor of cloud streaming for demos and full downloading
for games that I buy. I love that as an option and I really hope that is a place that Microsoft
is considering going. Like if they're really going to get this thing right, like I would love
the download it and play, or, you know, maybe you're on the go on your phone or just for
whatever reason, for bandwidth reasons, use one stream or a demo or what have you. I would love
options. Do they still have that option with, I know Sony was doing it for a while where they
would have these games that they'd put out as like a, it's not even really a trial. It was a full game
trial where you get an hour or two to play the game and try it out. And if you wanted to play
more, you could just purchase the game and then play from there. Otherwise, you know, you could
just check out like a section of the game. I don't know if Microsoft's done that. Somebody in chat
would have to help me out with that. Um, PlayStation's also unique though, that it has that
whole share play thing. So like, if you just want to try it for, and people kind of forget it's
there, but it's a great feature. If you just want to try a friend's game, that is also a cloud-based
solution, essentially. Uh, it's, it's different, but you're essentially streaming a video game that
you can try yourself. And I think that's how I played Bloodborne for the first time was through
share play. Um, so that's an option. Um, but as far as the time things, I always associate that
with Steam because Steam does those free game weekends all the time. Like they just had DJ Max
not that long ago. It was like a free game weekend and they do that kind of stuff all the time. I
don't know if Microsoft's done it. Somebody in chat would have to help me out. Yeah, it was a little bit different than
those free game weekends. Cause I know they still do those. It was, um, like once a month they would
pick like several games that they would allow you to play one or two hours of for free. And I think
it was even like a perk of PlayStation Plus or something like that, where it's like full game
demos or full game trials. And then, um, once you play those, you could like, if you could beat the
game in like an hour or whatever, then cool, you'd be able to buy it. But, um, I think you could also
purchase those games as well. It was kind of a way to like save from the developers having to
create, you know, unique demos for the games or, or, you know, I also like with the ones that they do
where the demo is completely separate from the actual game. Like they did that, I guess it wasn't
necessarily a demo, but it was, um, like a prologue or something like that. Like Dead Rising 2 did
something like that. They had a prologue. Um, I don't know. I'm just curious. I can't wait to see what they have.
Um, some more comments from chat, and this is a really good one from Hype Mayhem that says for
games, I'm against streaming. If only because if your internet goes out, shit out of luck, which,
you know, for all this stuff that we're sitting here going, data caps, there's, you know, when
we're talking about our fast internet, there's some people out there that live in rural parts
of the country or Alaska or Zach Def pointed out Mexico that are going like, hmm, must be nice to
have fast internet so you can even do cloud gaming in the first place. Hmm. So there's that whole
angle too, is that if cloud streaming were the only way to do it, that's not really going to work for
everybody either. It'll work for a big chunk of the population in the countries that they tend to
focus on first, uh, US, Canada, the, uh, the, the Europe regions that they are in and so forth, but
it may not work for everybody. So that's a very interesting call out too, which is why choice
would be great. Um, but there may be reasons why they don't want you to have choice. I don't know,
but I just, I, the perfect next Xbox, in my opinion, would have cloud streaming or
download and play on your own side at the touch of a button, which one could argue Sony started
to kind of have that in place with PlayStation now, but I don't think it's quite as seamless
as I think we would like. Right. Shouldn't it just be like a little switch before you launch the game
play on the X cloud play local, right? Yeah. And well, PlayStation now, I mean,
it just certainly doesn't have the appeal that, you know, something like game pass has. So
I think they really need to figure out that how Sony has a chance to step it up with PlayStation
five. Like they have every ability to say, okay, so here's the new version of PlayStation now on
the PlayStation five and they can reinvent it any way they want really. So there is that.
But I don't think they're right now in a position where they think that they're
threatened by, I think they're just like, yeah, we're, we're the number one, you know, game in
town right now. And so we're not going to do anything. So I think the ones that have the most
loser are going to be the ones that innovate more. So we'll see, you know, more from the Microsoft
side of things than we would Sony until Sony gets beaten down and then they'll finally get their
act together. Interesting, interesting way to put it. I don't, I don't know if Sony's necessarily,
I mean, it all, for me, like all of this technical stuff, like at the end of the day,
a lot of it doesn't matter. I mean, it does, but it's not going to matter nearly as much as
what do those launch games look like? Like which system has the games that people are going to go
for and, you know, Microsoft's likely going to come out with a new halo right out the gate.
I think we all know that. Um, but Microsoft also has that interesting, you know, complex complexity
where you kind of don't have to buy the new console. The new halo will still work on your
old Xbox, right? So they're not exactly encouraging people to upgrade either, but I can also see if
you're Microsoft and you're trailing in the game a little bit right now, you're just happy to have
people in your ecosystem. Like every Game Pass subscription is a giant fucking victory, right?
And Game Pass, you know, I, I use it. I do think it's great, honestly. Um, so, um, yeah, I just,
it's, it's just going to be very interesting to see what the, uh, console wars look like in just
a few months. And once we really know everything about these new systems, so, um, Pele Hanumeo with
another point in our chat saying internet speed is fine. It's the 4,000 mile round trip to streaming
servers. That's the problem. So you and I are a little spoiled in Northern California, whereas
almost assuredly in Silicon Valley, which is less than a two hour drive from here, there's always
going to be a server of some sort. So we don't have to worry about, uh, when I play Final Fantasy
14 online, those data centers are in a Thomas, they moved him to the Thomas. So I have a great
ping in that game because they're in my fricking backyard practically. So, uh, you're right. The
distance for how far it is to the servers is going to be an issue as well. So yeah. Anyway,
um, anything else we want to say on the demos? It feels like there's not too much else to say
until they're actually out and we know what all to be playing, but it's exciting. It is making a
comeback. Yeah. It's not just, you know, the demos as well. I believe that the actual show that
they're doing, the digital show is on the 21st as well. So that whole week, we're going to get some
more news about the Xbox and what's going on there. So very exciting. Only a few more weeks
away. Yeah. That's only what about, uh, two, two weeks to change away. That's cool. All right.
Awesome. All right. Well, let's get into, um, we haven't been streaming a lot of demos this
weekend. Well, maybe you have, I don't know. Well, let's talk about the types of games that we have
been playing this week and how was your gaming week again, dark soccer has the night off. She's
taking care of some personal issues tonight. She will be back next week with us. So we'll get her
gaming week then for now, uh, Loki. It's been all Minecraft pretty much. So, uh, I've been working
on stuff with the realm and everything, and, uh, I was trying to add more add-ons to the game. So
those are like the mods for, uh, bedrock. And so a lot of it ended up being trying to get the server
to cooperate because I tried to upload everything with it and it won't upload sometimes when they
have some network issues. And then the other times that it does upload because of certain
restrictions that they have on, um, the realms, which is there's parts, I don't know what exactly
is deemed experimental gameplay, but it's one of the options that they have in your actual worlds
that you make is with these add-ons. Some of them require experimental game gameplay in order to run
and realms is supposed to not support that. And so that causes your add-ons to break in very
different ways each time. So I was trying to get some, a few on there just to kind of add some more
difficulty to the game, like add some more mobs and everything. And the problem I was having,
well, I had lots of problems. So the first one I wanted to add was the Minecraft earth, um,
characters or the mobs that are from that game, which it doesn't really change anything. It just
makes things look a little bit different, which is kind of cool. Uh, none of that worked, uh, or
if they were spawning, they're all invisible. And then I had an issue where I tried getting these
mutant creatures to spawn and I had purposefully removed the creeper out of the game because
that thing just explodes like crazy and will tear apart everything that you have.
I'm like, okay, I don't want that near my house, blowing a hole in the house. So I purposefully
took it out of there. Well, when I uploaded it to the realm, somehow it's still there.
Cause I think what happens is it'll actually, they have a key that's associated with each add-on.
And because of that, I think copies that stuff over. So if it's already in their database,
it may just, you know, pull it from there. So the modifications I made didn't seem to go through,
but it was invisible as well. So big hole, thankfully I was smart and backed up my
stuff when I'm doing all that. So I ended up making a few modifications. I did get one to work,
uh, which was they have the brand new mob Strider. It's a, uh, little creature that walks on lava.
So I made one that's in the overworld, like called a depth Strider. And so that's kind of
cool. So I made it for my kids cause they wanted a Strider to walk around with on, um, the overworld,
but they die in water. So, and it rains all the time by our house. So I had to do something
different. So I did all that. And then I've been having issues with, um, mob spawning in my house.
So like right before I logged off today, um, my son doesn't know it yet, but there are skeletons
that spawned up in our main living room and it killed one of his birds. So, uh, we'll have to
respond that one. Um, but yeah, it just running into all sorts of weird stuff, especially with
the new update that came out a couple of weeks ago, it's changed how stuff spawns in the game.
And so even though if you keep, you're supposed to be able to keep the light levels high enough
to where they won't spawn, that's how it knows whether you have a house or not, or like a base
or whatever. If you keep the light levels up, it should, the rules should, uh, cause it not to
spawn in your house. Something is broken right now, which happens with any update and it's not
working correctly. So I'm having stuff, even though I've lit up everything, I'm having mobs
spawn all over the place. Also could be because our base is like five stories tall. Um, so it
might be something that involved with that, but it's, it's causing problems. Meanwhile,
I dig a hole into the side of a cliff and that's where I live in Minecraft.
Like I, I've thought about streaming some of it, but like, we've already gotten so far into it
already. Um, but like, it's just, it's a complete system right now. We've got like automatic sorting
systems and, um, mob farms all over the place. It's just, it's elaborate right now. So maybe
later when we reboot the whole thing again, we, we can, um, people probably wouldn't mind a tour
of the current space. Like I, I would still be willing to stream animal crossing, even though
I haven't gotten it from the very beginning, but I could show everybody how the roses roses have
grown out of control on my Island because it rains all the flipping time. Yeah. So we, we beat the
other dragon today. Uh, I was building, um, cause I have a network of tunnels in the, the end or
not the end of the nether to go to all these different, um, biomes that are not near our house.
So I have all that. And then a new update added this thing called souls. It's like a soul speed
or something like that. And so if you're running on soul sand, which normally slows you down,
it'll actually speed you up. So I just put that on the floor and all my tunnels and you can zip
around like the whole map. So the next thing we're doing is going to the Woodland mansion,
which is another like kind of boss area. And then there's, um, a few other things we have to do when
they were pretty much done. It's just kind of adding on to it. Um, so that's what we've been
doing. And then, um, aside from that, of course, or not, I've been playing that, um, I did download
the Ironman VR game, but I just didn't get a chance to set it up and play it, but I know my kids
want to play that. So. I have been taking areas like crazy in Orna. I'm becoming that person that
we all hated in the beginning. Well, there's people taking stuff back from me, but I've been
like, um, I've been trying to just, you know, you keep, um, spamming it and you eventually take them.
So yeah. Yeah. All right. That's it. Well, then my gaming week, I I've also been playing a bit
of Orna as usual, kind of the good old standby has been playing a little more Pokemon go as well
with the new event that's going on that kind of leads into the Pokemon go, uh, summer faster or
go fest. That's anywhere this year, obviously, because of everything going on in the world.
Um, but they have some events leading into it and, uh, they released a new duck Pokemon whose
name escapes me right now. It's like, it's like duck monitor. So it's very generic name. Somebody
will say it in chat, but they just released that. And then they have all these little quests,
uh, where if you catch so many Pokemon and like throw an excellent and all these things,
uh, it's supposed to, if a lot of trainers do it, unlock new Pokemon that will be available during
go fest, which you know, the trainers are going to complete it. They always do. I've never seen
them actually hold back on anything. So thank you, ducklet. Thank you. Act F say I knew it was a very
generic kind of name, uh, but that's still fun. And, uh, it's nice to have like little new things
here and there and Pokemon go keeps that game motivating, uh, and still playing ingress. Of
course, always, uh, good to see people. There was a ingress, a virtual event that happened yesterday
where it's kind of like, we're going to all play ingress at the same time in our house, but since
we can't do anything but recharge, that's what we're going to do is have a recharge party.
So it's interesting, but I, Hey, that's what they got to do right now. It's the responsible thing
to do. We can all like meet at a restaurant like we used to do. Um, okay. So outside the usuals,
let's talk about some of the new stuff and I bet you guys want to hear about this. All right. So
this week, uh, on Monday, and I've been teasing this for the past couple of weeks is that I
ordered myself a birthday present. So my birthday was at the end of last month. And so I spent a
little bit of money, uh, and bought myself something on arcade one up that I wanted for,
I, I wanted an arcade one up machine. I didn't have one yet. And I was like, I'm going to buy
one when there there's a game that comes out where I'm like, Ooh, I got to have that. I almost bought
the mortal combat one, but I never did. Cause I was like, Oh, we don't have room for it. We don't
have room for it. And then earlier this year, they announced the thing that finally got me
a burger time arcade cabinet burger times. You know, those who've been listening to OLR a long
time burger times, one of my jams from the 1980s. I remember that game as a kid. And not only did
they release a bird time cabinet, they released a limited edition burger time cabinet. So they're
only going to make like, it's something like 3,200, no 3075 of these. And based on my certificate,
I have machine number 2,604. So I think that's right. Or was it 2,406? I forget,
but it's one of those ways. Uh, so I, I did get one of these machines and it's got four games on
it. It's got a burger time, bad dudes, karate champ and caveman ninja. And, uh, the machine
took me about two and a half hours to build. And you probably want to see what the darn thing
looks like. So let me just show some of the footage here on stream, uh, that I shot in the
living room where I put this. And, uh, it probably took me about two and a half hours to build.
And it is, uh, similar to building Ikea furniture, but I actually found it to be a little bit easier
than building Ikea furniture because they actually put all the different parts in little bags.
They're like, use a screw from the A bag, use a wooden thing from the B bag and so forth. Um,
and so, uh, it was actually, it wasn't so bad to put together. I was able to do it mostly myself.
And I'm not saying that in a flex kind of way. I'm saying that in a, this really wasn't that bad
type of way. The hardest part were the hinges, because you can see, if you're looking at the
video, you can see the monitor is slanted. Like you would expect an old, old arcade machine to be.
And so it has to slant just right against the two side panels. So you have to attach these hinge
parts. Uh, and that was the hardest part by far. And, uh, I needed Alan's help on that to shine
a light because I couldn't see everything I was doing. So I was like, come over here and shine
a light, uh, right in this spot so I can see what I'm doing. Um, anyway, so you can see in the video
for those that are watching on Twitch, it just ran through the whole little boot up sequence.
You choose your game, you hit the button to start it. And then there I am playing burger time. Of
course, it's kind of hard to play the game appropriately with one hand while you're
filming with the other. Cause you probably see my fat reflection there in the monitor,
but whatever, but there you go. I am making my way through the game. And I think that's
about where the B roll ends there. So, so who, who, who's asked in there and knows the high score
second place is it might be me. Uh, excuse me, second place and fifth place. Thank you.
Okay. So yeah. Yeah. So I act like I'm 11, whatever. Yes. I put ass as the initials.
I do it every time. Well, not every time I used to put VOG in. Uh, and I still, if I,
if I'm at a professional environment, like when I'm at California extreme,
I will put VOG as the initials as a cheap plug for our little network here.
But when I'm in the privacy of my own home, it's all about ass.
All right. Uh, so, uh, looking in chat, uh, at some of the comments,
Vidpower 573 says, love that classic burger time game music. Yep. Uh, bonds double 06 also spotted
the high scores. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, Questbuster says classic burger time. So good. Yeah, it was,
it was, uh, it was, it was great. Like it was, it was, it, it looks very sharp on that LCD monitor.
You know, it's, it's different cause it's not a CRT monitor like the eighties. So it does look
a little different, but I mean, come on, y'all have played maim. I know you have. So you've
probably played these games on a modern monitor, but there's something about the actual like
correct resolution on that screen. And it's a nice vertical fit. Like it's not like you're trying to
play burger time on your, your wide screen monitor. We have this black space. There's
something about the way it fills out the screen just perfectly. That is, is very refreshing quite
frankly. Um, so I played a little bit of burger time of course, and then I played some of the
other games too. I played karate champ, which is why there's two joysticks for each side on that
thing. I don't know if you saw when I was running the bureau again, but you'll notice the, the
machine actually has four sticks on it. That's because each player needs two sticks in karate
champ. So even though everything is decked out in burger time, it still has everything. You only
need one button for burger time too. You don't need two. Um, so for other games like caveman ninja
and, um, I think bad dudes may have used two buttons as well. That's the one game I haven't
played yet is bad dudes because Alan played bad dudes on the cabinet. And that's when Mr. Smoosh
decided this is my cabinet now. And he decided he found his way out of jump on top of that and
so forth. And you know how that goes. Oops. You know how that goes when you're a cat owner. So
all right. Um, Questbuster says, wow, those cabs look great. They really do. I, I I'm pretty
impressed. Like I'm going to be honest. I want to buy another one. Um, and one of my friends,
one of my friends has really gotten into collecting them and was like,
Hey Rob, Hey, Hey, the Walmart in, uh, Auburn right now has the Pac-Man one for 50 bucks.
And I'm like, number one, fuck you for telling me that. Number two, fuck you again for telling
me that when you know, I want one of these things. Number three, the full size Pac-Man one,
because that's been out for how long now? They're probably unloading it. I don't know if it's still
there. Loki. I see you making a face. I I'd have to ask my friend. That's not a bad, like,
I don't need it, but you kind of want it so you can hack the shit out of it. I know you do.
I know we're watching the gears turn in Loki's. We're watching him plot live on air
as 200 mats. Like the wheels are turning in Loki's mind. Dr. T says,
yeah, that's how it starts handicap in the garage. You can't, I can't, it's just the, um,
any of the monitor replaced or fixed or something because the monitor doesn't turn on,
but it monitors fixed. I mean, I have Mame on had Mame on there. I took the computer apart, but
I never built a new one anyways, but in all ideal situations, I have a dedicated system to do that.
And it's six buttons and everything like that. Yeah. It's the one that used to be here in the
studio. No. Oh no. Different one. No, I have an actual, it's a Sega Astro city. It's a,
like, like the ones you'd see, uh, arcade infinity. They used to play like,
okay. Yeah. So yeah, it's like those, um, it's just the monitors. It's a, you know, a CGA,
a CRT and it's, it doesn't, I don't know what happened when I moved it out of the house into
the garage. Like I tested it before I left, you know, moved it and it was fine. And I moved in
the garage and it sat in there for like a little bit and I tried doing it again and it doesn't
power on anymore. It's old. So I, it seems to be repaired, but who are you going to get to repair
that? And like, I don't want to touch those high, I don't want to touch any of those capacitors to,
you know, ground those out to replace the, whatever. I don't know how to fix any of that
stuff. So I got to find someone to do it. Um, yeah. And, and I, I really do want another
cabinet. Like I already, I kind of want that mortal combat trilogy one, because I know Alan
will be into that one as well. Um, and you know, there's other new ones that are coming out that
I want, but the reality is I, and I promised Alan, I'm putting the brakes on it. I'm not going to
actually buy another one. So hopefully I don't miss out on too many of them or they reprint or
something. Um, until we, and I don't, I don't want to speak too much out of turn, but once this
COVID thing gets a little more under control, cause it's really bad, especially this month
right now, but maybe in a month or two and things hopefully at least start to go down significantly
again. And it's not as crazy as it is right now. Uh, Alan and I are looking into buying our own
home as opposed to renting one finally, uh, finally becoming big boys and getting our own
home. And the nice thing about that is that, um, you know, then we, uh, won't be beholden to
how many pets we can own and things like that. So the deal is when we buy our own home, the reward
is Alan gets to have another cat and I benefit from that too. And then I get to have more arcade
cabinets and Alan benefits a little bit from that too. So, uh, that's, that's the deal. So I'm hoping
fingers and toes crossed, and I hope I'm not talking too much out of turn, but the ironic thing
is by the time we all return to OLR in the same place, we might not actually be in the same place
anymore. It's fine. It'll be, it'll be a nice little reboot whenever that happens. So we'll see.
Yeah. So yeah, I, again, I don't know that that process could take like a year. I don't know how
it's going to take. I don't even know if I, we have the money for it, but we've been saving
for a little bit. So that'll be nice. Anyway, enough personal stuff. Let's get back to, um,
some of the other things that I've been playing this week. So one of the other games I've been
playing this week, animal crossing, of course, um, you might think same old, same old, but I
was reinvigorated a little bit on animal crossing with the whole deep sea diving thing. Uh, that's
kind of cool. And it gives new stuff to collect and it's not like there's only like four things
in the ocean right now. Uh, there's at least like 10 or 12 probably that I've found so far. So
there's a variety of things to find in the ocean right now. And it was, it's a nice little kick in
the butt that that game needed. Uh, because I feel like, Oh, I have a new thing I can do now.
There's something new to collect and, Oh, there's this otter that will show up and give me random
new, uh, furniture patterns and the mermaid set and so forth. And I really hope this is the type
of little kick in the pants, the animal crossing keeps getting every month or every six weeks or
so. Uh, cause I think that's going to keep the game really exciting. I'm, I'm sure it's just
a matter of time before we have some like substantial DLC for this game. Like Nintendo
would be fools not to do that. Um, but the free content updates that we're getting in the meantime,
or I guess if we get a lot of free content updates, they don't actually sell any DLC.
That's cool too. Um, but I would think Nintendo would be morons not to try to sell some DLC at
some point. Um, I don't know what they'll do. We'll see. So anyway,
Yeah, it would be interesting to see what they're going to do to expand on that. I mean,
I'm surprised that they haven't had any DLC yet.
Uh, some folks in chat, I'm just taking a look at a chat as 200. Matt says buying smoosh, a home
y'all are renting from him. Yeah. Uh, Bobby Blackwell says dedicated studio space, studio
smoosh. Well, technically we kind of, I mean like this is the family room in our house that we rent
right now and it's a dedicated studio space. My husband lets me get away with a lot of shit. Um,
but he knew, he knew what he was marrying. So he knew he would be marrying a radio show as well as
me. So, uh, it happened. Um, let's see a Tiberian chat says pocket camp has been getting good with
doing a new event every few weeks. Like every month you get a larger event and three weekly
smaller events. Yeah. So it would be cool if, um, the switch version adopts a similar rhythm and we
see a lot of new things because just the little things like exploring the ocean is a big kick in
the pants. All right. One more game I want to talk about that I played this week. That's new ish. Um,
it actually came out a couple of weeks ago, but I just got around to playing it this week.
So do you remember a couple of weeks ago, uh, when I was doing Japanese releases, I was talking
about the Namcot collection or no, no, it was because of the story of the Pac-Man championship
D make that's in the Namcot collection in Japan. Right. Well, that collection also came out here,
uh, as I think it's, uh, the Namco, I don't know the official name of it, but it's like
Namco collection volume one and volume two, and it's on switch and it's on PlayStation four.
So I actually picked it up on PlayStation four, just because I don't know, trophies or, um, I
don't know. I just picked up my places before, because that's where I wanted to buy it. I bought
volume one so I could actually play that D make of Pac-Man championship edition. And it's pretty
cool. I gotta say, um, I, I should have grabbed some B roll for tonight, but I didn't have the
PS four in the studio. Sorry guys. Um, but it's cool. And I guess, I guess some news is coming
out this week that Namco may have adopted that from a ROM that somebody did in 2008.
So it might actually be like a legitimized ROM hack of sorts. It's interesting,
but I thought it was neat how the whole screen goes back and forth to kind of make up for
the limitations of the NES. It's kind of, it's interesting. I like that. And then of course,
there's a ton of other games. It's, you know, a lot of the, and it's pretty much nothing,
but any S ROMs, uh, you know, things like dig, Doug, tower of Druaga, uh, things like that.
But what's interesting. I think they retained all the Japanese releases because they all say
NAM caught at the bottom. When you launch into the games, I don't remember that being the case
in the U S and I don't think all these games even came out in the U S on the NES or Famicom,
whatever. In fact, I know one of them is new in volume one and I forget the full name of the
game. Sorry. Maybe somebody knows in chat, but there's like a cutesy splatter house.
Um, I know that sounds a little weird cutesy splatter house, but if you think about it,
the NES couldn't handle the realism of splatter house, it couldn't handle those types of graphics.
You remember that game? So they have like a cutesy cartoony version that came out and that
is in this collection. And what's interesting. I know it never came out in the U S and what's
interesting about it. The title screen is still in Japanese, but they translated the text in the
game. So it's like another kind of like new thing that's in the collection. And I think that's
really cool. So I did buy volume one and overall, yeah, it's a, it's a solid little collection of
games. It's 20 bucks. I'm not sure if everybody's going to want to drop that kind of money
on some retro. I love retro games though. So it was fine for me. I'll probably pick up volume
two eventually as well, uh, because there's some really cool games in volume two as well.
I'm going to talk about one of them a little later. So, um, anyway, Bobby says in the future,
you don't need to bring the PS4 in the studio. Just hit the share button, capture 15 minutes
of video and move it to a USB stick. I always forget that you can move the video to a USB stick,
but I'll do that. I will remember that in the future. So, uh, yeah. So I, I thought that was
a nice little collection. So I enjoyed playing that. So, uh, the, the U S version of the Namcock
collection, I approve, uh, and I'll show you some of the championship edition either on a personal
stream or maybe, maybe I'll do a follow-up video. That's something I've been looking at doing is
trying to do some follow-up like content. Um, so maybe we'll do a, uh, uh, a breakout on, uh,
championship edition a little later on in the make. So, uh, okay. That's it for my gaming week.
So let's move on. Um, before I get into the news, I have a little bit of housekeeping I want to get
into. Uh, sorry, Loki. I didn't warn you about this. I need to do a little bit of a tangent.
It has nothing to do with this show. It has nothing to do. Well, a little bit has to do
with podcasting. So let me get into it a little bit. Um, I got some somewhat difficult news
yesterday that, uh, a long time listener that of my show, Hoard House. Um, and you guys may or
may not remember, I had a show, I think it was around 2012 to 2000. No, it was probably 2011 to
2014, give or take a year. So look, it's been a while. I had a show called Hoard House. It was
dedicated to World of Warcraft and it was hosted with my buddies, Extifer, Shane, and, uh, Grandpa,
or you know him as Captain Matt on Starboard Power Coupling. You've, you've heard all these people on
OLR at some point or another, but we used to have a World of Warcraft based show. And through that,
we had kind of a different audience than we would have here on OLR because the Warcraft community,
is very tight knit. And, um, you know, there's a lot of awesome people that I met through that.
It's the thing I miss most about doing Hoard House. I don't necessarily miss the game World
of Warcraft. Um, but I miss the people that I met through it. Cause you know, like for example,
Girls Gone Wow was an amazing show, uh, that used to be here at the Voice Geeks Network.
They've continued on to Wow Radio and they're doing just fine. Uh, and I would have never met
those gals if it wasn't for my time in World of Warcraft. And that's just one of many examples.
So amongst doing the show Hoard House, and your guys are going to have to forgive me with my
memory. I feel like he may have guest hosted even in one episode or something. Um, but we
had a listener on that show. His name was Hastur. It was his online name. His real name was Steven.
I can probably tell you that now. Um, but his online name was, was Hastur. And, um,
he listened on, uh, Hoard House. He may have listened a couple of times to OLR,
but I know he was more of a wow guy. So, um, that was a show that he was listening to in a
minute through that. And interestingly enough, I don't know if it was because I think it was
maybe a little bit because I used to talk about it a lot on Hoard House. I was starting to get
into a game called Ingress, which I've still talked about on OLR to this day. Um, but I know
that Hastur actually downloaded that game, joined the same team that I was on and kind of fell off
the deep end on that game as I did, uh, uh, in that game. And so I ended up kind of interacting
even after Hoard House was done and I wasn't really playing World of Warcraft anymore.
I was still interacting with Hastur in Ingress related things. Uh, I met up with him at the
big Chicago anomaly that I took OLR off to go attend, uh, Memorial day of last year. We had a
big event here in Sacramento in October. He was here for that. Um, I'm using the past tense. So,
you know, all know where this is headed. Um, Hastur passed away at the end of last week. Um,
and I'm really, I'm really gutted about it. Um, you know, the listeners that we have that we're
very fortunate to have here at Orange Laundry and I've said this many times before you guys are like
an extended family. And, you know, obviously I got, this is one of those instances where I got
to know somebody offline in person and interact with them. Maybe not every day. We weren't BFFs,
but he was somebody I knew and I liked and I respected and I appreciated that he was
supportive of many of the projects that I had done, um, previously. So it's, it's been,
it's been hard. Yesterday was not an easy day when I got this news. Um, what's making this
more difficult and more complicated is that the family suspects, the reason why he passed away
was due to complications of COVID-19. Um, which he had been, I presumed positive like four days
before he passed. Um, I think that means he had all the symptoms and talked to a doctor and the
doctor went, yep, you probably have this. But because, uh, the system is so backed up with
tests right now, because you're in Texas, which is one of the States that it's, you know, blown
up everywhere. And again, I might be inserting my own dialogue in here, but for whatever reason,
he didn't get an official test. Um, but the family is presuming it is, um, that situation.
So like that just leaves me feeling even more frustrated and angry because I feel like
something like this could have been preventable. And I know you guys don't like it sometimes,
not all of you like it. When I get on my high horse here and I preach certain things that aren't
necessarily about video games and things of that sort to which I say tonight, too fucking bad,
because now this thing has consumed a friend of mine that I've met because of doing shows like
this. And because of my love of video games and all this stuff that now are incompetent government,
who, which has allowed this thing to spread way more than it ought to have. And because of
incompetent fools and assholes that are so brazen enough to sit there and think that this thing is a
lie or masks don't help. Even though all these scientists everywhere are seeing mass help,
people will put images of the side of a box, say, look, it says it doesn't prevent COVID-19.
No, you idiot. It doesn't prevent it, but it goes a long way in stopping the spread of it.
Those disclaimers are on boxes of masks because they're not the N95 mask that medical providers
are supposed to be used when they're exposed to the thing all day long. But when you go to a
fucking bar or a restaurant or whatever it is, you can be bothered to put on a goddamn mask.
I'm sick of this masks are a lie narrative. I am ready to fight people over this. If you believe
that masks are a lie, I need you to fuck off because now this is fucking personal.
A member of my family passed away this week because of this disease.
Because some of y'all out there can't be bothered to take this seriously. And it, it's enraging.
I'm just like, I can't even put words in my mouth right now because I will see things online that
drive me nuts. Thank God, this is the weekend I also decided to deactivate Facebook because
I'll tell you what, if I hadn't deactivated, I would have said something to get myself banned
this weekend. Trust. Please take this seriously. And I know many of you all out there are.
But to those that are pushing this narrative that it's a lie and all this stuff like,
I hope, I hope you're comfortable with that choice.
Because people that thought like that just took the life of a friend of mine.
In chat over at Twitch TV slash vog network, Bobby Blackwell says in an RPG,
if I get an accessory that gives me 30%
disease resistance and the slot it goes in is open, I equip it immediately.
Perfect analogy. Thank you. Sjoan under Matt says we have not flattened the curve as well
as other countries because people are not taking this seriously.
Dark Tetsuya says my wife and my dad are both immunocompromised. So they're both
one idiot with a mask away from catching it. And DJ Rama S says in a way, I'm glad my mom is not
alive for this. Because she was immunocompromised. If someone got her sick, I'd kill them personally.
Rama, I am right there with you. And I've even said it on this show that like, I miss my mom
every single day. But I am so happy she does not have to see this right now. I'm so happy she
doesn't have to see this right now. Anyway, I had to vent a little bit. Ultimately, I said all that
because I want to dedicate tonight's show to Hester's memory. And thank him for all the support
over the years of podcasting and so forth. And I'm just I'm so sorry that this happened. And I
I like that immediate next words that want to leave your mouth are, I wish it could have
been prevented. Could have. Let's move on and talk about games. Loki.
All right, so Nintendo has decided to finally fess up about the whole joy con drifting issue,
although they didn't really have much to say. So this is coming from Nintendo of Japan president
Shintaro Furukawa, who noted he apologizes for any trouble that the hardware has caused.
But he can't speak more on the matter because there's a class action lawsuit going on.
So while that's nice that he apologizes for the trouble, what are they doing to fix the problem
aside from the three fixes that they were doing? But like I've had that already fixed, you know,
all of my joy cons already. Well, I mean, I have two more to fix, but I've got the parts to do it.
It's definitely something that's plaguing all of them. And it's something that he knows the design
issue, then change the design, fix the problem. Don't just say sorry, sorry.
Well, it is very interesting that they won't comment on it due to the ongoing lawsuit,
which almost in some way gives that lawsuit a little more merit because I mean, that's also
probably just part of procedure. I don't want to, you know, speak completely out of term,
but it almost seems like there may be something here that Nintendo really is legitimately
concerned with. I think it's just like the whole scenario like they did with not Nintendo,
but Microsoft was with the red ring stuff. It's like basically to minimize, minimize, minimize
until they're forced to take action because it's obvious that, you know, I think I don't remember
if the red ring, I know that they had lawsuits with that. I'm sure that this is similar.
Basically the lawsuit that was filed in 2019 still underway under arbitration in Washington,
but the court denied Nintendo's dismissal. So, I mean, it's still going along. And, you know,
by all means, you know, I would definitely take part of that because, you know,
it's obviously a thing. I had to buy stuff to fix it. It's ridiculous. I understand that they
were offering to fix them, but Microsoft did the same thing. And I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says legally, they can't comment. They cannot comment on pending
litigation. And yeah, I get that. But it does seem like with all of the lawsuits and all of
like the crazy things we talk about on this show, like it's kind of weird to hear, even though,
yes, I understand that that's in the back of my mind. It's still kind of weird to see that come
actually come full circle where Nintendo actually go so far to comment and say no comment. Now I
understand the, you know, the president was asked a question by a journalist and that's where it
ended up, but it's, you don't always hear anything at all on a lot of these things that are going
around, especially when Nintendo is usually the one that's the litigator. But anyway, I also,
this story is just interesting to me because knock on wood, I feel like one of the only people who's
never experienced that ish this issue. I don't have drifting, drifting joy cons. Again, knock
on wood. Cause that's when it's going to break tomorrow. But I also play primarily on the
television with a pro controller, like 95%, if not more of my switch time is on the television
with a pro controller. So I'm not as maybe different. I don't know. Oh yeah. I'm sure
the pro controllers, since they're built completely differently, they're fine.
And then Alan now is a big switch gamer because not only is he playing animal crossing,
but I've caught him this week, you know, caught him, but I've seen him this week for many,
many hours. In fact, he's probably playing it right now, playing through dark souls on the
switch. Cause that came out on the switch and he loved that game on PC. So now he's playing it on
the switch. But he's on a switch light. And so I don't think that necessarily has the same problems
either. Cause he has the, I would certainly hope not being integrated. You can't, I mean,
it would be much harder to fix. I would think, I mean, I'm assuming if, if it is designed the
same way as the joy cons are, as far as having the same hardware in there, it wasn't, it's not
too hard to fix. I mean, you, you can follow the instructions online. It's what I did. I just
bought the stuff for my fix. And I think each one of the replacement analog six was like
10 bucks maybe. But it's still, it's a hassle to have to do that. It should just not be breaking
in the first place. I mean, the same could be said with like, like the dual shock controllers and,
and the rubber on those, you know, I, I have, it's not dual shock by having an Xbox 360
third-party controller where the rubber on the analog six cracked and is falling off.
And so I had, thankfully I have another defective one, the same model. I just took
it apart to pull the good pieces off and threw the rest of the way. So I could replace those,
but it's still annoying that it happens. Bobby Blackwolf says the pro controller's
also got a software update to fix the drift. You know, now that you say that I kind of remember
that, but since that is also seamless, like it's like, Oh, I kind of forgot that ever happened.
Cause you know, your Nintendo, Nintendo just updates every now and then. Right. So you just
kind of let it, I don't understand how a software problem would fix the drift problem. The drift is
from dirt getting into their, where the sensor is, it's causing fluctuations in the, the resistance
on those pads. So it's making it feel near the software, or I guess it would interpret it,
interpolate is I'm pushing the controller in a certain direction because it's,
it's dirt that's getting in there from the pad being rubbed back and forth. But I don't know,
whatever. I mean, if they have a solution that it fixes it and they could do an update that'll fix
it permanently. Great. I would think though, if they had a solution for that, they would have
already done it, but it's still an issue. Good comment here too, on the whole litigation thing
from Questbuster over Twitch TV slash VOG network, who says, just look at Boeing's response over the
737 max. Many people faulted the software and the plane, but Boeing deflected admitting fault
because to admit it would open the flood gate to lawsuits. Yes. You can't really say, Oh yes,
we're aware there's a problem. Oops. You just said there's a problem. Now the flood gates get
open to lawsuits. Although it seems like it's going to be inevitable. They'll probably, there
will probably end up being some sort of settlement anyway, but I don't expect that you're just going
to get cash in pocket. They're probably just going to have to set up some sort of exchange program
repair thing, which they're kind of already doing. Yeah. And they'll have to give away
Zelda for free or something. Who knows? I don't know. It was a hassle already to do that. And so
I had signed up to do it, but like I had done it with the wrong controller at the time because I
was only having like certain ones were drifting and then eventually everything started drifting.
So, and I just, by that point it had been too long and I was like, okay, I don't know how to
change this to say, no, it's not the right Joy-Con, it's the left Joy-Con. And
it was, I didn't trust that, you know, it was going to be done quickly. So I just went ahead and
hit the bullet and instead of replacing them, cause they're like $79, replace a pair. It's just
stupid in the first place. I don't know. We'll see. All right. Well, we'll see what develops
as I'm sure this litigation is going to continue over the next seven years. You know,
by the time they won a hundred matches, they won't give Zelda away for free. They'll get
one, two, switch for free. Haven't we suffered enough? Haven't we suffered enough? Why would
they do that? I'm like the accuracy of that statement. I fucking hate it. Send it back.
Oh man. All right. Well, can't play one, two switch if you have a broken controller.
All right. You don't want to. All right. Anyhow. Bobby Blackwold in chat says Xtafur posted on
Twitter and said that the baby game in one, two switch is the most realistic game ever made. Oh
yeah. It's, it's a, a Braum is one month old today. I don't know if you know that. So Xtafur is
enjoying the dad life. So, all right. Anyway. Let's move on. We have more stories to get to.
And boy, I have a lot of difficult news tonight. There's no easy way to say it. And I don't want
to make light of this either because this news is terrible. And it's another huge loss in the
World of Warcraft community. I have to admit, I did not know this individual. I didn't have
a personal connection to this person as the person I just talked about a minute ago. But I know a lot
of people really respected this person. And I know he was somewhat of a pioneer of sorts,
I think, when it came to streaming and so forth in the World of Warcraft community.
His online name was Reckful. His real name was Byron Bernstein. I hope I said that right. I'm
very sorry. But unfortunately, the news came this week that he passed away. And this came from his
ex, Blue, and a close friend of his, Andy Milonakis, who, if I'm not mistaking,
had an... That's the same guy that had an MTV show. So anyway, I mean, people are people. And
I'm not like... This is horrible what they're going through. They lost their friend. I am not
about to make light of this in any way or another. But I think it also goes to show,
number one, people are people. Celebrities are people. People you remember as kids are people.
People that stream on Twitch for your entertainment are people. And everybody
goes through their own ups and their downs and their challenges and all of this. So anyway,
a lot of nice words and things that were said on Twitter. Things like, I wish we could have
helped you. We all do. I'm sorry I couldn't. Thank you for being a part of my life.
Heartbroken, still in shock. I feel a little awkward reading these quotes on air. I'm sorry.
It's a little... Because these are people's personal feelings, even if they did post them
publicly. And it's a lot of... Obviously, a lot of emotions people are going through that they're
trying to deal with and so forth. But you put it all together, and it does seem like, allegedly,
he may have taken his own life. And that's extremely devastating,
especially when paired with some of the other things that have been going around Twitter,
such as, because he has been a streamer for so long, there was a video floating around out there
from several years ago, from 2016 or something. And chat, feel free to correct me, because I'm
going off my memory, and my memory ain't always so great. But I wanna say, in this clip,
a chatter was basically saying, you should kill yourself. And he was reacting to that. And
he was able to roll it off and so forth. But you could tell for a moment, there's a part of that
that got to him. And it's just tragic that people would go there in the first place. And we really
have to take a good, hard, long look at the way we treat people on social media and on Twitch,
and the way that we treat these people that we watch on Twitch. And I'm pretty sure this
audience that's watching this show, after getting to know all of you, probably don't need to be told
this. I'm saying it anyway, because you never know. I'm gonna have a stranger watching tonight,
somebody might be lurking who's done this before. But when you say something like,
kill yourself to a stranger on the internet, those sorts of words carry a lot of weight.
And you can't just go throwing it around like it's LOL. I was just kidding. Because you don't
know people's lives. You don't know what they're going through. And I think it's up to the rest of
us who do try to conduct ourselves with integrity and try to keep things generally positive and keep
the negatives to criticisms, but constructive ones and so forth online. I think it's up to the rest
of us to call out bullshit behavior when we see it. And stick up for the streamers and so forth
that we respect online. And all of that. Anyhow, it's really tragic because Reckful was only 31
years old. That's incredibly young. Younger than me, younger than Loki, anyone on this show.
He was a streamer and game developer. He used all those hours streaming World of Warcraft
to start to make his own MMO, Everland. He had been open about struggles with depression and
mental health, which is a very brave thing to do. Not everybody is able to do that. And I'm sure he
was surrounded by love and support and so forth. Unfortunately, like any disease, treatment doesn't
always end up being 100% effective. And God, I hope that really doesn't sound... I'm really
not trying to minimize or make this horrible loss sound any less. But my point is that we have to be
there to help people realize that people go through this and not mock people for this or
challenge people with this. Like, are you sure you have this? Well, depression is just a myth to sell
medication. We have to really watch our language in challenging people that are very open with
these types of struggles and so forth. Because again, you're not in somebody else's shoes. You
don't know what they're going through. And most of all, stop bullying people online. On Twitch,
on Twitter, on Facebook. Because when you tell somebody KYS, that's what you're doing is you're
bullying. And that behavior sucks and needs to stop. Sorry, I've been looking away from chat for
a little bit. So I haven't seen you guys commenting on this. But as Joe and Hunter Matt says,
Reckful would talk about battles with depression on a stream all the time in an effort to help
others battling it as well. Sadly, he lost his own battle. And I think that's why this is this news
may be affecting a lot of people. And why we're seeing a lot of people really pour out their
feelings on Twitter is I would bet there are many people, not only that we're just fans that enjoyed
his streams enjoyed his content, but there's also many people out there that could probably relate.
And it's it's hard to get, you know, I just went through an emotional bit a minute ago,
because somebody that I felt I could call a friend went through something terrible this week.
And I bet there were many people that felt they could call Reckful a friend as well.
Rican Elite in chat says, Hey, it's been a crazy week for real in the internet. It has been a
crazy year. And it's only July. It's been a crazy decade. And it's only 2020. Like I hear you it's
it's who who really continues as we need to listen to people out there because they might seem all
good online and happy but deep down inside they are hurting. Tiger Claw says basically,
it's best to be nice to them. They may say something stupid, but don't be mean to people
for saying dumb shit. Yeah, educate don't berate as to 100. Matt says I was going to mention
Etika hope I said that right. Anthony Bourdain were all public figures that performed in front
of a camera. A lot of their pain was behind the scenes. Hype Mayhem in chat says I've dealt with
depression for years. There have been times where it's damn near killed me. Thank you for being
brave and saying that and let me be the first of many people in chat to tell you I'm glad you're
still here with us. And I hope you will continue to be here with us every Sunday. And there's many
of us that would be happy to listen if you ever needed it. So anyhow, who? Yeah, as Jonah Matt
says we're dealing with a very hard time this year for some it's harder. Check in with folks
and do it often. And I think it's something not even I think I know it's something with this whole
pandemic and what it's done to like all of us. That is just really heightening everything right
now. And we're seeing it play out in all of these different ways. You know, and some of them have
been things that have been a long time coming, such as they're addressing racial justice in this
country and inequality and those things. That has been something that has been unfortunately,
well, you know what I mean? Fortunately, but unfortunately, right? A long time coming, right?
Like we need to have this discussion and we're going to have it now. And something about the
pandemic has really just escalated all of that. And you know, now it's mental health. Last week
on the show we talked about and unfortunately, we're going to talk about again on tonight's
show in a little bit because it hasn't stopped is the game industry having to address some of its
own problems with people in power. And people need needing to be removed from power as a result.
Like this is just it's a hell of a decade. But I think as many would say, you know, whereas some of
this is extremely tragic, such as the loss from COVID that is unnecessary, such as the loss of
our friends dealing with mental health issues that are only heightened by this whole situation
that's going on with quarantine. But then there's also that side of it that you know what, finally,
we're having discussion on racial injustice and equality. Finally, some of these abusers and
people in power that need to be taken out of power, we're finally talking about that. So there's a
little bit of there's a little bit of nice and a little bit of not so nice, you know, or I shouldn't
say nice, like, I'm really struggling with the correct words tonight. Please forgive me. I'm
human. A lot of I would say like, like things that will be long term positive, long term positive
coming out of this. And things that are immediately very negative. So anyhow, who fat ninja DM in chat
says, he hugs for all who need it. Yes, please hand them out. Rick and elite says, yes, depression
is horrible, been going through it for years and thought drinking would solve the problem,
but made it worse finding a good support group and a good community to guide you to the right path
and keep you positive and strong. Always a help. I hope that's you saying you you've found sobriety
and congratulations to you. If that is the case, and stick with it. And there's a lot of people out
there that will help you through it and finding the right group for that is yes, a big part of
that for sure. Okay, who heavy topics tonight. And now we've got one more right low key.
Yeah, we're gonna have a nice light topic about you know, abuse allegations coming out of the
I can't evo I can't even laugh. It's not funny. Like it's just it just no, it's just thought.
So yes, apparently there's been allegations of sexual misconduct from about their previous CEO,
Joey Mr. Wizard seller. And so these were made not to be convenient. I'm not I'm not
kidding. I want to be clear not to be confused with the Mr. Wizard that was on television in
the 80s. Okay, because when I hear Mr. Wizard, there will be no other Mr. Wizard than Don Herbert,
okay, in my opinion, even if he probably didn't like having to do that show with children,
but it doesn't matter. He taught me a lot about science and I was growing up to a lot of people
on Nickelodeon. I just want to make sure we're all very clear. Not that Mr. Wizard. Okay,
but somebody who who dared to take that name who dared to take and we continue looking.
So apparently this was made after one of the one of the veteran competitors, Mikey crack prawn
fam, who accused Joey seller of preying on teenage boys at Southern hills golf land,
which was where they had a lot of these different meetups for some of the fighting
game tournaments in Southern California. I've been to it was a big music game meetup
back in the day too. You've probably been to right Southern hills. I not not to that one.
I've been to it. They did close it. They closed it earlier than a lot of the others.
But I've I've been to Southern hills golf land, which is no longer there. It's condos now,
I think. Don't think I've been to that one. But no, there's there's been other ones. But yeah,
not that particular one. But apparently, he described multiple instances taking place in
the early 2000s, where he used the gifts of arcade tokens to bribe teenage boys to do,
you know, inappropriate things. And yes, we'll just leave that. So during that, of course,
after that, you know, these allegations were made, basically just kind of was a chain of events. So
you had starting off with a bunch of participants dropping out of Evo online. So including Sonic Fox,
SKD, Yohosi, Lord Knight and Seijam were all dropping out of it. And then once you had the
big competitors dropping out, then following Stute, you had the actual companies dropping out.
So starting you had them fighting herds pulling everybody wanted to distance themselves from a
pedophile. Can we say we're surprised? No. Yes, exactly. So yeah, every everybody,
all of the big game companies pulled their games out of there because they don't want to,
you know, they're standing in solidarity, they want to be involved with that. And I would have
ran away too. I don't blame a single person or company with with all the games and all the
competitors gone. They had to cancel Evo online this year. So with that, they're going to be
donating the equivalent of the proceeds promised to Project Hope. They've also
established a new CEO, Tony Cannon, who is I think he was the previous CEO or co sponsor or
something like that. He's going to be taking the leadership role and then the other guy is of
course not involved with Evo online at all in any capacity. So it's been a crazy week.
Tigerclaw in chat says, I honestly don't understand what drives these people to prey on
underage children, etc, etc. Tigerclaw like, good. You shouldn't understand that. And I think that's
what makes all of this so shocking is that nope, any reasonable person is not going to say, well,
that makes sense. Which is which is interesting, because I have, you know, and when we talk about
the whole like, cancel culture and all this, and how long do we give somebody like this,
this isn't somebody's opinion. Okay. This is somebody's action, that actions that he's,
you know, and some, and I've seen the very interesting Twitter takes of it's been 20
years type of thing, but it's like, Oh, hold on, hold on, hold on.
I know y'all hate my obsession with Drag Race, but there was a queen on it. I think it's in the
preview for next week. I think it was Alexis, sorry if I'm misattributing it, who says a quote,
and that is, what is in the darkness will always come to light, might be paraphrasing a little bit
there. But that's the point is that he's paying for it now because he didn't pay for it 20 years
ago. Look at that. Look at that guy here in our area, the Golden State Killer, maybe not
everybody out there has heard of it. But you know, Loki want to talk about right? That guy who lived
in my neighborhood when I was a child, apparently, who had killed a bunch of people in the 70s. I
don't know what I'm not all up on the serial killer stuff, like some of my friends. But he'd
killed a bunch of people and so forth. He was just recently arrested. Now, granted, he probably
hasn't killed anybody in like 30 years since the 80s or whatever. But he was recently arrested.
They had to have the trial at Sacramento State because the only place where everybody could
socially distance and all this stuff. And he, you know, is going to jail, pled guilty. And he's 80
now and he'll be behind bars forever. The reason why I bring that up. Well, do we just let him go
because it's been 30 years? No, of course not. No, we don't. Now, they probably, I don't know
what the statute of limitations on some of this stuff is. It doesn't matter for this, for this,
for this doesn't matter. There are none. And, you know, yeah, maybe it can't actually be tried in a
court because I go I get what you're going with that Loki like it probably can't actually be
tried in a court because of statute of limitations. But in in this particular court of, you know,
people that want to associate and do business and give this person power. Everybody's having a
moment of reckoning saying, whoa, you don't deserve power. And that's that. Yeah.
So, oh, one of my one of my serial killer friend experts just joined chat. What a great time to
speak up. So, is that isn't just saying I'm obsessed with this guy. Yes, 70s and 80s,
also known as the East Area Rapist, Original Night Stalker, blah, all these nasty things.
But I mean, surely you also agree with my point I was making just because he's 80 years old.
And it all happened 30 years ago. That doesn't that doesn't suddenly make the issue go away.
And it's it's the same with this individual. And this person is being unceremoniously removed from
the gaming industry. And that's how it should be or wasn't still doing it. Like, I don't think
it was just like, oh, yeah. And then he stopped because he grew out of it. I mean, like,
I'm sorry. Yeah, we don't know. Yeah. So, let them investigate.
So, I imagine EVO will come back next year with new people at the helm and so forth. And,
and, you know, COVID won't be hopefully knock on wood an issue next year and things can attain
somewhat a sense of normalcy. But I mean, this is the purge that's happening in the gaming
industry right now. Yeah.
And just like I said a moment ago, something about this year, it's dragging it all out.
So, those of you still hiding in the dark, look out. All right. Anyhow, let's move on,
shall we? Yeah. All right. What do you have for us next, Logie?
So, let's talk a little bit about greed and the game industry.
I'm so sorry, Logie. I just, I have to reiterate this point in chat because I think it's so good.
And a nice little like uplifting, hopeful thing to end on. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
teach your kids not to be a creep. And yes, that part. It is, you know, maybe our generation
is really screwed up. But the best thing we could do is teach the next generation
how to not make the same mistakes. And I think that's a nice like, what can I do to help?
Help the next generation not have to deal with it. Anyway. Okay. Sorry. I just thought that was
a very good note to end it on. Logie, continue. So, it's been found out that apparently
the next NBA 2K game, NBA 2K21 on next gen consoles is going to be more expensive
than your typical game. So, they're going to be charging $70 for the brand new game coming up.
They're basically trying to, a PR spokesman for Take-Two said that, we believe our suggested
retail price for NBA 2K21 on next generation platforms fairly represents the value of what's
being offered. Power speed technology, and that's only possible on our new hardware.
So, right now, the suggested retail price is $69. I think it's more testing the waters to see if
they can get that. And I know that I've seen a lot of folks compare this to, well, hey, when I
was buying like Super Nintendo games and stuff like that, they were like $79, $89, $90 or older
games like on cartridges were more expensive. Right. Because they were on cartridges and you
were paying for all the chips inside of them. That's why Neo Geo games are so fucking expensive
because those games are gigantic. You're paying for all those chips. That may be true in a sense,
but let's just not be confused here. The games you're buying nowadays, you're not paying $60
for them. Sure. $60 may be the price to purchase the disc or purchase the initial download,
but then there's the season passes. There's all the microtransactions in there. There's all the
DLC that they're adding in there. And I get it that a lot of it is additional content,
but there's also a lot of content that is normally included in these games. And you can't tell me
that they haven't, they're not planning to put this stuff out. A lot of these games that you'll
have features that were in a previous version of the game, and then they're separating it and
selling it to you piecemeal in the later versions that come out. And NBA 2K, the game that last year
was just blatantly, they have like gambling loot boxes in these things. You can't tell me that
they're not going to be making, and then they've already said they make billions of dollars on
these loot boxes. Why is it that they need an additional $10 to put this game out? They don't
need it. They make tons of money on it. And I get it additional development costs because of higher
fidelity graphics and sound and whatever. They're still making tons of money off of those
microtransactions and they don't need the additional money, but it's an excuse to try to
raise those prices so that they can get more money because why not get more money if you can?
So I think we're going to see some folks, some companies try to do this. And I think if there's
not a huge backlash to it, you're going to see a lot of other companies start to follow suit
because that's what they did with the Xbox 360 and that generation. And they're like,
well, you know, these games, they have better graphics. And so it's going to take a lot more
manpower to put these games out. And that's why we need to charge more money. It's an excuse.
I have some similarities to what you're saying, Loki, but I find that I'm comfortable with the
idea of a $70 price tag for the AAA game, for the high end, you know, premier showcase games.
I think things have become so warped since the cartridge era because in the cartridge era,
a $999 game was practically unheard of unless it was like, you know, on sale a thousand times over
or some type of like corporate trash or something like a $10 game. What sneak king was like a $10
game on the Xbox 360. But those games, you know, those games were like few and far between, right?
My point is, is that number one, games really aren't all one price anymore. Games are on this
sliding scale. And what a company really has to figure out is what is my game worth, right?
Because like, for example, I mentioned Allen's playing Dark Souls again on the Switch. And the
first thing I said is I said, so you paid 60 bucks to play Dark Souls again? He's like, no,
it's only like 30 or 40. And I was like, oh, okay. That makes sense.
Like, I get it. Like, I guarantee you that they, the excuse may be like, they're going to have all
sorts of excuses that they use. It's going to be that, oh, we need more money for server costs.
We need more money for development and stuff like that. But I guarantee you when you look at the
actual employees that they're hiring and who they're keeping and how much they're paying them,
that is not going up at all. If anything, it's the money is going to the CEO.
To some extent, I would permiss the additional develop costs when it comes to, you know,
making 4k graphics and doing everything that comes into a AAA experience and so forth.
I'm not dismissing your points, Loki, because I do think they're valid. And especially when you
talk about like the loot boxes on top of that and everything else, I think that is really up to us
what we have to evaluate as buyers and companies do need to be upfront with this.
The ESRB needs to require them to be upfront with this, which good news they do now,
because we have that whole, you know, what did they end up calling it?
Well, they'd have ways to get around it though. They have ways. I mean, look at,
look at perfect example, not actually, I'm sorry, not take two that did it this time,
but it was Activision. So Activision, they printed their copies of Crash Bandicoot,
the remake that they did, and they did not have loot boxes on there. So on the packaging,
it doesn't have to say that there's loot boxes. They added it, they patched it in later on,
it updated on the ESRB website, but I don't think they have the reprint in any of their packaging
that said that there's no loot boxes in there. So it, they have ways to get around it. They
purposefully patches stuff in later, so it doesn't get caught in the early reviews that go out.
So because people try to stay away from that stuff.
We as gamers are kind of getting smarter to those types of tactics too, and kind of have our ways
to deal with that. And I kind of think that's all going to like work out in the end. My point is
like, like, I feel like a Final Fantasy 16 or something, if they charge me 70 bucks for it,
I'm probably going to pay it. And, you know, because, and we've been saying, and I've said
on the show before, you know what, I would rather instead of you having all these loot boxes,
and all these other ways to nickel and dime people, just, just charge 70 bucks for the game,
and give me the game you, you know, you want to make. And I'm willing to stand by that earlier
comment and pay 70 bucks for the game, if it's a well-rounded game.
So here's, here's another thing, and this didn't make our show roll, but, uh, I did want to bring
it up. So earlier this week, the House of Lords actually ruled in the UK that loot boxes are
gambling, and should be regulated as such. So in the UK, that's how they're, they're seeing these
now. And they're basically seeing that because of the way that they're being monetized, and the way
that they're being marketed, and it, it's basically gambling, and they have to be regulated
as such. So I think that maybe they can see the writing on the wall, and that the, their gravy
train of loot boxes is kind of going away. And so maybe this is why they think that they need to
raise the price of the games, because they're not going to be able to do that. In which case,
I'm fine with that, as long as I don't have to have my game like rebalanced, because they're
trying to sell me a bunch of garbage I don't want to necessarily buy. And there are lots of games
that they build and rebalance based on that, that make it more grindier to, you know, stretch out
the experience. There was that Lord of the Rings games that they had not too long ago, that they
completely had to rebalance the whole game after they patched those out, because it was just such
a grind fest. I want to say even maybe some of the Forza games and stuff had a little bit grindy,
grinder aspects to them, because they were selling their in-game currency for that as well. But
there's a lot of games that they modeled based on that, to make them more grindier so that you
buy these loot boxes. And it's a big business. PodCulture's brought up a good point in chat,
and this thought crossed my mind too. PodCulture says that twitch.tv slash vog network,
make physical 70 and keep digital 60. You know, that thought's crossed my mind too, is,
you know, I feel like the game industry, for many people, the industry would love nothing more than
to lose the physical thing completely and go completely digital. And there are many games that
are completely digital. I mean, that's pretty much how the indie stuff thrives, unless you're
lucky enough to get one of those limited run game things. But not every game gets that, like almost
everything indie is digital and it's working out fine. And I almost feel like the industry would
really prefer things to go that way. You kind of saw that with some of the Xbox One stuff that
they had to backtrack, right? So, yeah, but do we know how much of the, how much, because I don't
know the numbers off the top of my head of what's digital versus what is being sold physical out
there. Granted, I know that they would like to see it go more digital because that's more money in
their pocket, but I think retailers like GameStop, a lot of these big box stores, Walmart, you know,
retailers online, I don't think that they have any interest in that going to an all digital format.
Considering that they don't, but the writing's been on the wall for them for a long time and
they all know it's coming. They all look at big players. They, they drive, they drive what these,
these industries do because they have such pull with that. That's why that they can do the things
that they do. Um, I, I just have a thing cause who's selling these systems for them. They have
to rely on these retailers to make money. And if they're going to, you know, screw them out of like
sales because they're charging more retail. I mean, that's just a suggested retail price.
They don't have to necessarily sell it for that price. They can always sell it lower, but
I don't see them doing that. I see them, they'd have to be parody across all, all formats, you
know, just because it would be confusing for one. And for the second one is that they don't want to
burn those bridges with these partners because they still need the function of selling. They
can't sell them direct right now. I mean, they could, they could try selling these systems direct,
but I, they don't, they need them. Unfortunately. I can actually see that. And I, I get that. I
think this is already happening though, and will continue to happen is that the game comes out,
everything is in parody, dah, dah, dah, just like you said, but then six weeks later,
here comes the first sale and the digital version is marked off 20%. So with a $70 price point,
let's say that they do raise at the same price dollars and not everybody's on board with jumping
into that price. I think that the scrutiny on those gains is going to be much higher because
if you have everything at $60 and NBA two K 21 comes out at $70 and NBA two K 21 ends up being
like WWE two K 20, where it's just a piece of garbage. That's all like rushed and buggy as hell
that is going to come down really hard on them. So I, I caution them doing something like that.
They're just going to do whatever they're going to do.
All right. Well, for time's sake, I'm going to move on to the next story,
but, um, I do think this is a conversation that's going to definitely come up again.
If, you know, again, we're, we're going off a little bit of speculation here. I mean,
there, there does seem to be some proof in the pudding and so forth, but you know,
if we have to continue this games, face that reality, the games, the next generation are
going to be 70 bucks for the high-end stuff. We'll continue that conversation later on.
Just everybody kind of has to start thinking that this is a possibility.
One last thought real quick. And I just want to put out there. So another thing with a $70
price point games is that you're also not just competing against other games out there,
but you're competing against services like games pass, where I'm going to be getting all of like
the AAA games that are coming out from Microsoft and all these other games studios for like 10
bucks a month. So, and truthfully low key, I think that's where it's all headed.
Like Nintendo will get away without doing it because they can always be last to the party
and somehow still be fine. But I, I kind of feel like game pass, like that's,
that's where the movie industry has ended up. Everybody's got their own streaming service and
monthly service. That's where the games industry is going to end up too. Just give it a little
more time. Yeah. All right. Anyhow, moving on and talking about a new offering from, from one of
these companies that has their own service, although this is outside of that. Ubisoft
is recently put out their own battle royale game, or at least it's in testing. You can kind of see
it on Twitch right now, some streams for hyperscape. It is a battle royale, but it's a
little more futuristic and first person take on the genre. I was watching a streamer play it
earlier because right now, like if you watch a streamer play it, you have the potential to get
the drop. So you can play the beta as well. I only watched for a little bit. But I was just
kind of curious what the game was, but it's definitely got like that morphe. It kind of
almost like. Looks like watchdogs in a way, not, not totally, but like has that futuristic kind
of look to it, but they've got things like low gravity and people are like jumping super high
and like, you know, kind of, maybe it's almost a little bit like crackdown in that regard. Might
be up your alley, Logie. But is it, it was interesting, you know, kind of a different
type of battle royale. You can play solo or in teams of three. I think the guy I was watching
was playing in teams of three and there can be up to a hundred players in each match. You can
revive teammates by if you're taking out another player, a respawn beacon appears. This is already
baked into the game already. So yeah, also what's interesting about this. It also kind of integrates
with Twitch. So you can actually vote, your Twitch fans can kind of like vote on what twist
would be on the upcoming map and so forth. There is a crown cast extension available on Twitch and
you get to impact the game in different ways by helping to vote for the next event, granting
infinite ammo, revealing player locations. So that's kind of interesting. The technical test is
running through July 7th. So by the time a lot of you hear this on the podcast, it may already be
over, but I believe the full launch of the game, I thought I heard on the stream today, they were
saying the 12th, although that's not in the article I'm looking at now. But the full game
will come out a little bit later. So kind of neat. Another, another battle royale contender,
but this one is doing that interesting thing of doing the Twitch giveaways to kind of build the
hype for it. And it is Ubisoft, which is a pretty big player out there and so on and so on. So it'll
be interesting to see what develops there. So, all right, let's move on. Loki.
All right. And so we've got some more news about Ubisoft, unfortunately. So they're going to be
shaking up their editorial group, which right now is all white males. And now, of course,
they, you know, being the focus on all of these different companies is diversity and inclusiveness
that they're going to be changing that, of course, to make it more inclusive. So it's a situation
that some of you have experienced or witnessed are absolutely not acceptable. No one should feel
harassed or disrespected at work. And the types of inappropriate behavior we have recently learned
about cannot and will not be tolerated. And this is coming from the CEO Eze Gamont. They sent an
email to all of his employees in specifically says, I've decided to revise the composition
of the editorial department transforming our human resources process and improving the accountability
of all managers on these subjects. So it's interesting that they're doing this to kind of
combat some of the harassment in the workplace. I don't remember necessarily the allegations here,
but I do remember Ubisoft being brought up. I was gonna say, I think somebody at Ubisoft has
been implicated in a lot of this and this might be Ubisoft's long-term response to making sure
it doesn't happen again. Yeah, so. I mean, if we're gonna say, and we talked about this a couple
weeks ago on the show when we were discussing a lot of these issues. If we're gonna say that
everybody games, and that's something we, I think we all agree games are for everybody. Everybody
is welcome to play video games. You have to have game makers. And I don't necessarily literally
mean that, well, I do actually literally mean them and my long-term goal, the people that are
on the board of directors and so forth, the people that are the financial side of that needs to also
reflect. Everybody is welcome to play video games and not just one type of stereotype that has been
that for years and years. Can we just run a business without harassing their employees?
That would be great, but it might take this position and maybe we have to shake up and
challenge the positions of power so that there isn't a structure set up in place that can
incubate that anymore, if that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not saying this of Ubisoft,
but in a lot of places and culture and so forth, the boys club, right? We've got to break that
shit up. And the way you break up the boys club is you bring in some women and so on and et cetera,
and diversify things a little bit. So I think this will be a great long-term thing for Ubisoft.
Yeah, hopefully. Hopefully it stops them from harassing people.
It's also nice to see that there's a little more thought and action beyond so-and-so fucked up,
can him. There's a little more. Well, there was people left, let go. So there was a guy
but there's more. Yeah. There's more than that. There's how are we going to make sure it doesn't
happen again? And I think that's the happy news here is that Ubisoft is taking steps to
how can we prevent this from happening again? Yeah. All right. Moving on. Let's get to
our next story, which is sure to be buggy, right, Logie?
Yes. So I've been trying to think about how they could possibly release a buggy TV show,
but I'm sure if there's someone that's going to figure it out, it's going to be Bethesda.
And Bethesda has announced that they're going to be doing a Fallout TV show. So they are,
it's being produced by the creators behind Westworld. And they didn't really,
it's supposed to be like, I guess it looks like it's an Amazon original.
No word on necessarily what it's going to be. I mean, it's going to be about Fallout,
but like, I don't know what the story is going to be about. It's being created by Lisa Joy and
Jonathan Nolan. And of course, those are the folks that were behind Westworld. And that's all we
know right now. No release dates been given, but they did like a little teaser that kind of teased
this whole thing coming out. I hope it's better than their last game that they put out. I mean,
it's completely different. It's completely different creative minds to make a TV show
and that can great. So, I mean, I have hopes that it'll be all right. And the Fallout universe is
definitely pretty vast. And there's a lot of like stories that you could come up with. So I could
see where it could be pretty cool. And I hope it is. Video games have kind of been winning in
the TV show department too, in the past year or so between like the success of The Witcher,
although obviously The Witcher was books too. But then the Castlevania anime.
That's right. They're doing, I thought they're doing a Last of Us show that HBO is doing that,
I think. I think that's the thing too. Someone picking up Silent Hill or something,
or maybe I'm thinking. I think there's rumors about a Silent Hill movie,
but there's also rumors about a Silent Hill game. And anytime you have a beloved franchise,
like Silent Hill, there's rumors that are following, but I don't think we have anything
official in that universe yet. Fingers crossed. They're not quite Five Nights at Freddy's movie,
but it's a Five Nights at Freddy's inspired movie starring Nicolas Cage. I'm sold. So,
tell me. And it also kind of feels like nobody's making movies now. So it's interesting that this
show gets announced, but it's like, well, they're not going to really be able to film it anytime
soon, but there's also a lot that goes into a TV show before it gets filmed. They're going to have
to cast it. They're going to have to write it. They're going to have to scout the locations and
so forth. So there is a lot of steps that are going to be taken before they get to actually
shooting it anyway. Just hopefully, COVID's got all of Hollywood frozen right now. If it can't
be done over Zoom, they're not doing it. Well, that's fine. After 2020, there'll be a literal
wasteland, so they just won't have to... It's going to be similar to the writer's strike. Once
COVID's over, you can expect things like Big Brother on CBS is going to fill up a lot of time
in the immediate... Reality TV is going to boom again because those shows are quick and easy to
make. And you'll probably see some imported shows for... Because it's all the same things that
happened during the writer's strike. But we'll see. Again, we don't want COVID to keep on going
and so forth. And who knows how long it's going to be at this point, but it just feels like the
film industry is not going to get back to work before... Even though, I guess technically the
film industry opened, but I don't think anyone is actually doing anything because, oh yes,
the unions don't approve it. That's what's happening because COVID's back on the rise
and LA is one of the huge places for that. And even other places that they would consider
shooting, it's on the rise everywhere. And then other places don't want them. They can't film
Survivor in Fiji right now because Fiji doesn't want them. So it's going to take some time before
this all sorts itself out and hopefully, knock on wood, we have a vaccine or effective treatment.
And then we can talk about when those things are going to film again, which would include
this show. But my long way of getting to this point, don't expect to see a single frame of
this show until like 2022, right? Yeah, it'll be a while.
Interesting. It'll go by super fast though, just like this year.
Bobby Blackwell says the new Jurassic World movie is back on set in the UK.
Really? I didn't realize they were shooting again, but I guess the UK has loosened a lot
of restrictions as well. And I imagine if people quarantined for a little bit or whatever,
they're probably able to do it. And then Bobby says you'll start seeing shows like The Floor
is Lava. Exactly. I did watch that.
Did you? I haven't watched it. I watched the first episode of that,
or like part of the first episode of that because it wasn't very good. It's just
it's frustrating the drama that they try to instill in that show. And also it's like,
I don't know, like it'd be better with kids doing it because, you know, it's totally like
something like The Legend of the Secret Temple or whatever. I don't know. It's silly. It's a
silly show. Orange Right in Chat says more game shows. Hey, if that means one of the first
things back on air is going to be that new supermarket sweep, I'm down. Bring on game
shows. Hell yeah. Yeah. Don't threaten me with a good time. So, yeah. All right. Anyhow,
bring back one versus 100. On Xbox. Absolutely. All right. Yeah. Let's move on. Speaking of
things that we watch, let's talk about Nintendo and some of the things Nintendo has us watch.
So Nintendo is talking about the Nintendo Directs. There was recently, of course,
like a mini direct, but we never got anything that would be like an E3, Mondo, supersize,
direct type of thing. So what in the heck is going on? Well, recently, Shintaro Furukawa was
speaking to investors and was talking about that direct still feel like an incredibly effective
way to present information. But in a somewhat vague statement, Shintaro Furukawa went on to
say, inversely, times change, and so does the most effective way to promote products.
So there is a chance that a new, better way to present this information comes about.
So we always like to examine all of the possible ways to communicate this information to customers.
So maybe they would do something that's not just a direct? Would we see more bite-sized type of
announcements like what happened with the Mario? And we see more types of social media or the
Paper Mario game that was recently revealed. And will we see more types of those social media
reveals? I don't know. That's not like, that's not unique. That's I released a trailer. I mean, like
you're not cutting edge Nintendo. You're not trying anything that everybody else hasn't
already done. Ooh, you released a trailer on Twitter. Ooh, ooh, bravo for thinking inside
the box. Like, I don't understand how that's any different than what everybody else is doing. And
honestly, the directs were kind of a unique thing. Now everybody's kind of copied that and stuff.
I can't really think what else they could possibly do that would be kind of different. But like,
if that's the move that they're going to do, it's like, we're just going to do what everybody else
is doing. I mean, I guess it's worked for everybody else. They're doing what you're doing, so.
I feel like Nintendo can really do whatever the fuck with A1. Like every podcaster,
every Twitch streamer out there that has ever said anything critical about Nintendo,
like, it's just Nintendo just goes, huh, and does their own thing. And it almost always,
exception, we you, it almost always, it doesn't matter what any of these criticisms are.
It doesn't matter that Nintendo's online is shitty. You know why? Because they have Animal
Crossing. And it doesn't matter that you have to talk to the dodos, like through 5000 lines of
text just to visit somebody else's island. Because it's Nintendo and it's Animal Crossing. Who cares?
Like, Nintendo just gets away with it every time. Unless it's the Wii U.
Yeah, I don't know. I just,
I really don't care what, I just want more news. Like, I would like to know what they're working
on. And right now, like, all I know is like, oh, hey, there's a game that's coming out soon.
Well, there's a Metroid Prime 4 that they restarted. So, lord knows where that is right now.
Time to port some of those old Wii U game, or hell, Wii games.
I was gonna say, I think they've almost ported everything from the Wii U over that was worth
porting. Oh, yeah. Well, the Wii, there's still the Wii. I mean, after all, I mean,
it's Metroid Prime trilogy, right? I mean, the Switch is pretty much an Nvidia Shield.
So, why not? All right, let's move on to a simpler time when there was no
portability in the games like this. It's the classic game of the week. And every week,
Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you brats should be
checking this game out this week. It's time to dust this old school game off and give it a go.
This week, since Dark Sakura is not here, I have taken on the responsibility of choosing
a classic game of the week. And I decided to pick something that is a little bit topical
because it's a game that came up casually in discussion a couple weeks ago when, again,
we were talking about these Namco collections that are coming out. And in the second collection,
there's quite the variety of different Namco games. But then there's also a game in there
where I'm like, I don't remember Namco ever being involved with this game. But that's because
Broderbund published it here in the US. Namcot published it on the Famicom. And it's a game called
Legacy of the Wizard. And that is my classic game choice for tonight. So, Legacy of the Wizard is
actually a US or localized version of Dragon Slayer IV Dracy family. Now, the Dragon Slayer
series is pretty big in Japan and gave us a lot of different types of games. Like, obviously,
there were games that came out on the TurboGrafx, which were probably well known. There was also
a game called Xanadu that was the second game in the Dragon Slayer series. And there was a spin-off
to Xanadu that was Fa Xanadu or Fa Shanadu, Fa Xanadu. That game we ended up getting on the NES.
So, it's interesting how this series kind of came and went and so forth through the different...
In America, we kind of got one here, one there, but we never really got the entire series. Anyhow,
so this is the one that I picked for tonight, Legacy of the Wizard, which was, again,
Dragon Slayer IV when it was originally released, not just on the Famicom, but on the MSX and the
MSX2. But I've picked the version that I remember on the Nintendo Entertainment System where it's
called Legacy of the Wizard. In this game, it's actually an early example of a Metroidvania game,
it really is. Now, maybe that's because Metroid was also a game on the NES and one could argue
Metroid was a Metroidvania game. I would say it also has a lot in common with Goonies 2.
For some reason, that's a lot of the vibe I get from this game, except you don't really have so
much the parts where you're doing the indoor puzzles that were really infuriating in the
old game. You do have indoor areas like inns and shops, but it's a little bit different. But I
don't know why, but the overworld kind of reminded me of Goonies 2 a little bit and just the fact
that you had these big sprawling maps that you went through. So anyway, in the game,
you are trying to destroy an ancient dragon. The dragon's name is Keela and Keela is trapped in a
painting. And so you'll actually... I don't know how long we'll let this footage that we're playing
on Twitch go, but after about seven minutes or so, you actually see our character get to
where Keela's at. It's a big painting in the ground. And to get to the painting or to unleash
the dragon, you have to find the dragon slayer, which is a magical sword. There are four crowns
protecting the sword. So there are essentially five family members that you play as. There's
also a grandma and a grandpa who are like the password system, but you also play as dad, mom,
sister, brother, and pet. Little... And it's not like a dog or a cat. It's a little pink
puff thing that you play as. So you use all five of those characters to essentially explore
different parts of the underground. So on the Twitch video right now, we're looking at the dad
character being played here. So the dad I think has like strength basically and is able to use a
glove in a little bit that he's going to find here that will allow him to move bricks around.
Okay. And the bricks are, you know, one area of the map has a bunch of bricks. It's a brick puzzle.
So you need to use him to get through that part. And then later on, the mother has some weaker
attributes, but she can use some really strong magic stuff. And so she gets a magical item you
have to use to get to one of the crowns. And then I think the sister does like fireballs
or something. And the pet is really strong, but doesn't have a big range for their weapons. So
they all have kind of like their pluses and negatives, right? It's kind of like Mario
Brothers 2 in that regard, but you have to use certain characters to get past certain parts.
And a lot of that is just trial and error to figure out what to do. Or you do what a lot of
people did and you just read a guide online. In fact, I remember as a kid, one of the old,
one of the letters I wrote to Nintendo Power Magazine was about this game. And they did
answer the question in Nintendo Power Magazine. I'm not saying it was my letter because I'm going
to say there were probably hundreds of kids that got frustrated by this fucking game, but it was
enough of us writing Nintendo where they did actually answer some of the questions about
how do I find the crowns or how, how do I make any goddamn progress in this game? I mean,
I don't think I phrased it that way, but it's essentially what I was asking. How do I do
literally anything in this game? And they answered that in an episode, excuse me,
an issue of Nintendo Power at one point. So eventually you get all four crowns by using
each family member, except the brother type. And the brother is the one that can actually
wield the sword who goes to slay the dragon. And tada, you slay the dragon. That's why you played
a game called Dragon Slayer. So there it is. Anyway, this game was first released for the MSX
2. It came out July 10th, 1987. Sometimes, and the Wiki article I'm looking at on this says that it's
sometimes misattributed to a quintet production due to a reference in the ending credits,
but Yuzo Koshiro, who is the composer, that's why the music's so fucking good in this game,
confirmed that this is a coincidence. And Quinten actually didn't exist until 1989. Anyway,
it was ported to the Famicom just a week later, July 17th, 1987. And then there was a Famicom,
I guess the ending credits of the version showed that the Famicom port was developed internally
by Nihon Falcom, but apparently Compile somehow contributed this as well. It was published in
Japan by Namco and then, of course, released two years later in 1989 by Broderbund on the NES as,
of course, Legacy of the Wizard that we're looking at here. There was another version of this game
years and years later. In 2008, a version of this game came out for mobile phones in Japan.
So there it is. There it is, your classic game of the week, Legacy of the Wizard. And my parents
bought me this game for one Christmas. It was probably Christmas of 89 when it came out because
my mom knew I liked the Dungeons and Fantasy Slayer type of games. And she said, when I looked
at the box, it looked like something you'd like. And she was right. I was into it, even though it
was an annoyingly hard game. And I think I ended up using passwords online or in magazines or
however we did it back then to just skip my way straight to the final boss and do it that way.
Did you ever play this game, Loki?
No, I have never played that game.
It's a good game. Again, you have to remember, this is on the NES and it's a huge map.
And again, I know we overuse the term Metroidvania sometimes, but those games were pretty few and
far between on the NES unless you were literally Metroid or Castlevania II, which was kind of the
Metroidvania-esque game on the NES. So games like this were really fun to discover. Looking at some
comments in chat about this game, SSG100Matt says, I Game Genie this game for sure. Shehulk10
with the Broderbund reference says, Print Shop was a great software package that they made as well.
That is where most people probably remember Broderbund. I would say the Print Shop was a
huge one. And then the other huge, huge game that they put out, they had an NES version,
but it was also on many types of home computer systems was Lode Runner, L-O-D-E Runner. That
was a big Broderbund game too back in the day. And you know, you know what else Compile had a
hand in that Broderbund published in the US? You know what other game that was? That's right. The
Guardian fucking legend. So when I heard this game came out in the Namcock collection, I had a moment
of, I had that gay gasp. Okay. I had the, could this mean that we could get the Guardian legend
released in a collection? Well, Namcock actually published this game in Japan. So that's where I
think we're able to see it here, but they, but, but they, they did release the same collection
in the US. They were able to do that. So I, I don't know, maybe. Some other Broderbund memories
in chats. Hype Mayhem says, I think Broderbund put out Raid on Bungling Bay too. That is correct.
They did that as well. And Quest Motion says Broderbund also came out with everybody's favorite
question. Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? Very good call out. That was also a Broderbund.
Broderbund definitely no longer in the business of publishing games though. I kind of always
saw Broderbund more as a like utility company because of things like print shop and I guess
edutainment like where in the world is Carmen Sandiego, but you know, they kind of got their
hands in a little bit with the NES stuff, but I don't think any of their games were a huge
runaway successes on console. I think Lode Runner and Carmen Sandiego, those games are always kind
of more personal computer-based games. So Broderbund was much more known in that space. So, oh wow,
I, I'm forgetting all these greats. The original Prince of Persia was Broderbund and Myst. I didn't
know that. I didn't remember Myst being a Broderbund game. That's a great call out there. So, huh, wow.
Let's see, looking at, I just wanted to see real quick because I'm looking at, before we get back
in the news, I want to see, I think Compile just released the Guardian Legends themselves in Japan.
No, Irem did. Irem released it to Japan, so sadly it wasn't Namco. But Nintendo themselves released
it in Europe, so anything is possible. Just game industry, I'm asking for one simple thing.
The Guardian Legend. Bring it back. Let's, let's give that game to the love it deserves. That's all
I want. All right, anyhow, let's move on. We have more gaming news to get to before we get to your
questions and so forth in chat a little later in the show and your emails. I actually don't know
if we have any tonight, but we'll look. Let's get to it. Loki, rapid fire news.
Yes, okay. Let's see, so let's talk a little bit about NBA 2K again. So, NBA 2K20 and Rise of the
Tomb Raider are going to be your free games that you get for PlayStation Plus in the month of July.
Also, they're going to be giving away a game called Erica as well. It's the bonus game because
apparently it's PlayStation Plus, their 10th anniversary. Hooray! Okay, I mean, I ain't
one to complain about an additional game getting thrown in. Yeah, so that's cool. And then speaking
of games that were on PlayStation, Horizon Zero Dawn is going to be coming to the PC on Steam and
Epic Games Store on August 7th. That'll be pretty cool. I don't know if I'll have to get this again,
but it's gonna be bundled with the Frozen Wild expansion as well. So, pretty cool. I am curious
to see how this looks on PC, I'm sure. And all the cool mods that they're gonna have.
Yeah, that's the thing is I'm like, I don't know if I can really justify spending the money again
on PC when I already have it on PlayStation 4. I'm sure it's gonna look great on PC,
but you said the magic word there, mods. And I bet Alan will probably, because he loves to mod
games, if there's some good mods for that that come out, I imagine he's probably going to pick
that up at some point. So, I'm very curious to see how the modding community wrecks that game,
but in a good way. Yeah, they've got like improved reflections and they're gonna have dynamic
foliage and I don't know, it looks pretty cool based on the trailer. It looks like a shiny
coat of paint on it. Well, speaking of Sony-based things, the PlayStation. Sony PlayStation is the
latest company to jump on with a boycott of ads on Facebook and Instagram. This according to a report
by gamesindustry.biz. There's a lot of companies that have stopped advertising on Facebook recently
and yeah, PlayStation is jumping on that as well. This is also an excuse for me to do that cheap
plug that I finally pulled the plug. So, y'all know I went on a rant last week on Facebook games,
right? So, I finally put my money where my mouth is, so to speak. I deactivated my Facebook on
Thursday, Friday, I don't remember. And so, I'm detoxing from Facebook right now and again,
it's my choice and I'm not saying I'm any better or worse and or anybody has to feel like they need
to do the same thing. Because to be fair, I am still using messenger and a little bit of
Instagram because like I can't pull away from messenger yet because it's how I actually get
some gigs that are completely outside this whole video game thing that I do. So, I kind of
can't pull myself. But even just pulling myself off of Facebook, those are less ads that can be
served to me there. So, and I find just out of muscle memory, Loki, do you know how many times
I just instinctively I'm putting like Facebook.com in my phone or on my desktop
just like and I'm greeted with the login screen and I have to go, oh yeah, I deleted that or I
just deactivated that. So, yeah. Anyway, yeah. Bobby says, this means I control the vog network
fan page exclusively. Yeah, pretty much. Understand. Understand. And Bobby says,
wish I could do the same. I just unfriended a bunch of toxic people on both sides of the
spectrum. Yeah. I just, it is out of control on Facebook. I'm not even talking about like
friends and stuff. Although there's a lot of friends that are just going crazy. But it's
just that it's Facebook culture. I think that's the only way I can put it. It's Facebook culture
and the things that happen on public pages and stuff too and things that Facebook has no interest
in trying to control or what. And I'm just like, you know what? I don't want to participate anymore.
I'm gonna take myself out of this. And so, I have. So, we'll see. Some people are like,
oh, you're only gonna be able to make it last a couple months. We'll see. Spite is very
fucking motivating. Let's see. All right. Moving on. Other rapid fire news. Oh, this one's pretty
cool. So, Dark to See You brought this one to my attention. I think this is pretty neat. We love
the hiddenpalace.org because that's the website where they find like deleted things in games and
old prototypes and old things. Well, they just released just in time for the 4th of July a
mondo report about a Street Fighter 2 Championship Edition prototype from both March and July of 1993
for the Mega Drive. This was the version that you may have seen in older magazines that were hyping
Street Fighter Championship with the black bar at the top of the screen. The background didn't cover
because if you look at most versions of Street Fighter, the background goes all the way top of
the screen. In this early version, the black bar was at the top there where the health bars are.
And then that ended up going away in the actual version that they released and it had the
background that went all the way to the top. So, it's a very large piece and it's really kind of
gets into that basically for whatever reason, the first version of this was like stopped,
thrown out, and a new one was started. And a lot of it has to do with the fact that
there was like some behind the scenes boardroom stuff with counter moves by what Capcom was doing
with Nintendo and the turbo edition of the game that happened and all this stuff. So, it's a
fascinating read and I would have to spend an hour to go through all of it with you here on air,
but I thought it was really neat. So, I want to give that a plug over hiddenpalace.org
because we like those little hidden gem types of things. It's pretty cool. So, all right, moving
on. That's it for rapid fire. So, let's do world release dates and talk about the types of video
games coming to a store near you this week. First in the US, Loki. Not a whole lot. So, we've got
Catherine Full Body and Nintendo Switch, Subliminal on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Looks like we've got Cross Code coming to Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
Bloodstained Curse of the Moon 2 coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
Deadly Premonition 2, A Blessing in Disguise coming out on Nintendo Switch, F1 2020 on
PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Stadia, NASCAR Heat 5 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
and last but not least, Sword Art Online, the Alakazation Lycoris on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One. All right, traveling over to Japan and looking at the releases there. Just a couple
things on the Switch this week. Blair Witch gets its localized multi-language edition released on
the Switch this week, as well as a Konami baseball game. eBaseball Powerful Pro Yaku 2020 comes out
this week on the Nintendo Switch. And looking at the PlayStation 4 to see what's out there,
we have a few more things. Sword Art Online Alakazation Lycoris. I'm probably saying that
wrong, but that game is out this week in Japan from Bandai Namco. Blair Witch also out on
PlayStation 4. That same eBaseball Powerful Pro is out as well. And those are the big games. Oh,
there's one more game called Overpass that's also out on PlayStation 4 in Japan this week. And I'm
assuming it's not talking about like a freeway Overpass. No, but it is a driving game. It looks
like you're driving Excite Trucks. You're driving the big dune buggies in a lot of dirt and woodland
type of things. That's Overpass. So cool. All right. How about Europe? Dark Soccer is not here
tonight. She has the night off. So, Loki, if you wouldn't mind filling in for her with the Europe
release dates. Sure. So, we've got kind of the same type of stuff coming out over there. So,
we've got Catherine Full Body on the Nintendo Switch. They're getting the Namco Complete
Collection over there as well, also on Nintendo Switch. F1 2020-70 edition. That's on PC,
Xbox One, and PlayStation 4. We have the Story of Seasons, Friends of Mineral Town. And that's on
Nintendo Switch. Hard West Collector's Edition on Nintendo Switch. Sword Art Online. The Alkaization
Lycros. Or Lycros, I guess that's how you pronounce it. It's a made-up word. PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
there. Guacamelee! One-Two Punch Collection on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch. Deadly
Premonition 2, A Blessing in Disguise on Nintendo Switch. And that's it. All right. Well, in this
part of the show, we would typically open up the mailbag, which you can email us at participate
at orangelaunchrader.com. And we read emails here on the air, but we didn't really get anything
for on air this week. So, probably because we got a handful of things last week,
with last week having been the 18th anniversary show. So, a little more folks probably want to
participate with that show. But just a reminder, you can send us emails if you, especially one of
the things I love that we get is sometimes we get like little mini reviews of games that we just
didn't have time to get to on this show and talk about. And so, people will email us like mini
reviews of games or something like that. And I'm all for more of those types of things. But
anything that's on your mind you want us to bring up that we didn't discuss, or you want us to
discuss a little more in detail, or you want to give your perspective on something, participate
at orangelaunchrader.com is the place to do it. And we'll see if we get anything next week.
In the meantime, some more news for you guys. Loki.
Yes. So, apparently hackers are defacing some of the avatars in Roblox with Trump
paraphernalia and also putting similar messaging in the profiles of these users as well saying,
ask your parents to vote for Trump this year, MAGA 2020.
So, this is not profiles. Explain to me a little more because like, I can say anything I want in
like my online gaming profile, but you're saying they're like hacking stuff into the game, like
MAGA hats or something or what? Actually on these folks' profiles. So, like, you know how
in your profile you can type little things and stuff there. So, they're changing what the avatar
is wearing. So, in Roblox, you have this like Lego looking character that you can dress up
however you want. And so, they're putting the default avatar as wearing, since they don't really
have any like Trump related shirts and like hats, they have to use like, for example, a running of
the Bulls red hat. And it's just a, it looks like a MAGA hat sort of, but not quite. And then there's
like a bald eagle in front of an American flag is like this shirt. So, that's kind of a stretch
there, but then like the, you know, little message that they put in all of the different profiles.
So, like you can put a little message in your profile and that's what they put. It's not like
they've really done too much. You can go and fix that stuff. And the thought is that it's only
affected these accounts that have like weak passwords, which is a lot of these are owned by
like kids and stuff. They probably have really terrible passwords. Oh, okay. I get it. I get,
because I'm like, this doesn't, like who fucking cares? Some nerds went in and did some weirdo
profiles, whatever. But I get it. So, they've taken like established accounts and they're
basically hacking them to become, okay. Okay. I get it now. Yeah. You're right. Kids probably
have some pretty, I know a lot of adults that have crappy passwords too. So, I'm not surprised,
you know, kids have pretty easily guessable things. So, teach those kids at a young age,
how to make a strong password. So, yes, definitely. Acronyms are a good trick that I teach.
Acronyms are very hard to guess. But you have to, you have to think of like a song lyric or
something that only makes sense to you. And it's much, like it's a thousand times stronger when
you can think of a song lyric from this song and this song. Take the acronyms, put them together.
And then it's much, because if you do all the same song, then somebody that maybe knows your
password as an acronym of a song can figure it out. But it's going to be very hard if it's
two random things combined. That's the best type of password. Combine a bunch of random shit together.
So, all right. Anyhow. All right. Well, let's move on and talk about, hey, this is interesting
because this came up earlier in the show. And this was about microtransactions for Crash Bandicoot.
And apparently, they're getting called out already about, are you going to shove this
shit into Crash Bandicoot 4 as well? Well, Toys for Bob, who is developing the game,
went to Twitter to say, not happening. We're seeing confusion about MTX microtransactions
in Crash Bandicoot 4 and want to be crystal clear. There are, all caps, no microtransactions
in Crash 4. As a bonus, the totally tubular skins are included in all digital versions of the game.
Now, this doesn't mean they can't change their mind later on.
But I don't think- After those reviews come out.
I don't think Toys for Bob did the other, or did they? Did they do the remasters?
I don't remember. I don't think they did.
It wouldn't necessarily be the developers.
That's true. If Activision wants it, Activision.
Yeah. But maybe because of all that negativity or whatever. I mean,
it's a pretty bold statement to make. And certainly something like that,
there are no microtransactions in Crash 4. Like, that statement's going to come back to haunt them
if that ends up being not true because people are going to, quote, tweet that shit left and right.
Right? Yeah, I would think so.
So, all right. Well, let's move on. Next story, Logie.
All right. So, this is something we kind of talked a little bit about last week,
at the end of the show, that there's a brand new mod out there or exploit for the PlayStation 2
that allows you to run games on burned DVD discs in your PlayStation 2 without a mod chip,
without any sort of USB exploit or anything. It's just a way to burn your DVDs.
And so, it's this free DVD boot exploit that basically exploits the console's DVD player
functionality and triggers a corruption in the video playback and then runs the game through
that. So, you can use it for homebrew and whatnot. I don't know if they'd necessarily
have it running like full actual games. Oh, apparently you can. Okay. Apparently,
I see that there's people writing copies of Shadows of the Colossus on there.
So, does that mean I could also run like Japanese games on my US PlayStation?
Because that would be right. You probably could. Yeah.
Because I bought a Japanese PlayStation 2 back in the day just so I could play Beat Media 2DX
and the other Konami music games on my Japanese PlayStation 2. I might own like one non-thing.
Yeah. I would love to try this except for two small problems. Number one,
my laptop doesn't have a DVD drive or a DVD burner. I have an old laptop that does,
but I'd have to dig it out. Number two, I don't believe my DVD drive in my PlayStation 2 works
anymore. So, I'm kind of stuck there. I do have a hard drive for it and I do have
a modded memory card, but I never quite got that stuff to work. And I just recently did that because
I was attempting to... That was back when I was trying to put like PlayStation 1 step files for
DDR back on the cabinet, the edits and everything. And I never quite got that to work correctly.
So, I never bothered to try to see if I can get the backups of the games to work. And I don't
know if I have like that, if they're still on that hard drive or anything.
I was going to say, I have a working DVD burner if you need help.
And like at this point, like I'm not even sure I would even try to like bother with it because
I don't think I have cables that would work with my TV as is, you know, an HD or anything.
And I could just probably emulate that on the PC anyways.
And as much as our minds are all going to, oh, I can play all the games, you know,
I couldn't before. And a lot of us, our heads are going, yay, piracy. I think Jason actually
addressed this in the intro tonight. And I think it's a very good point worth repeating is that
this is great for preservation of games, you know, because like all our PlayStation 2s are breaking.
So this might actually be a really good way to make sure that old games that may never come back,
like, you know, like again, I keep bitching and moaning about the guardian legend,
but which I, I noticed you changed your background on Twitch to be like,
is that like a remake or something? It's a remake of it's somebody like,
I was like curious, like, has anyone tried the remake? Oh yeah. It was a big, this is it that
you're looking at. There was a big attempt a couple of years ago. I don't think they ever
download it, but I couldn't, I couldn't, can't get it to run, but I was trying to, to run it,
but yeah. But like, I'm basically sitting here going, please let me pay you money again.
So I can play this game on a modern console without having to dig up my NES and blow on
the cartridge and pray that the goddamn thing still works. Cause you know, I got guardian
legend on cartridge. I have like two cartridges, guardian legend anyway, all that aside, um,
with all this, uh, like, like, uh, making the PlayStation two can work again. And to get,
to get these all games, this is great for game preservation is that, you know, these, even if,
if a game that's really hard to get like rule of Rose, people will still be able to, cause that
game, that game's a little wacky or, or earlier, even not even necessarily a PlayStation two game,
but I watched a streamer play, uh, the unreleased version of saints row on PSP.
And that was hot guards because it was nowhere near complete. Um, do you, do you want to hear
my most depressing story? Um, and I bet, I think I've told this on OLR before, but I'm gonna tell
it again because I think we have some new people watching tonight. Hello. This is my most depressing
story about the PlayStation two and the video game rule of Rose. So, you know, that that game goes
for like hundreds of dollars because there wasn't a lot of copies of that game made. Right. So
here's the thing. Not only did I have a copy of rule of Rose,
I had a press copy of rule of Rose because I got that for you. I know. And do you think I know
where that fucking thing is now? Loki? Nope. Nope. I'm almost positive. I just got rid of it in a
past move. I was like, I don't need this anymore. I have too much shit in this house. I don't need
this anymore. Was it, was it through your connections or I thought it was a podcast thing.
I thought we got it. Cause no, no, no, you're right. It was, it was a podcast. It was a podcast
thing. We, we had a little thingy thing going with Atlas back in the day. Uh, because all
these game companies were wanting to work with pot cause you know, it was, Ooh, podcasts. What's
that all about? So yeah, most positive Atlas like sent us that disc and we did, we talked about the
game on air and all that stuff. Uh, we did everything we were supposed to do, but it's like,
Oh, I got rid of a promo copy, a promo copy of the most valuable PlayStation two game out there.
And Phoenix seven, seven, two, six asks, is it any good? I played it and I thought it was pretty
good. It was a creepy game. It is, but it's got a little like, uh, it's got a little flowers in the
attic thing going on, if you know what I'm talking about. So some of those themes might be a little
like, Ooh, I don't know. So that's, um, I'll leave it at that. But as far as like a, uh, competent,
uh, psychological horror type of game. Yes. That's why, that's why everybody, that's why everybody
wants to play it and why it's so goddamn popular because it is a competent psychological horror
game. That's kind of gross and you shouldn't be playing it probably. So, all right. A Phoenix
77, 26 says, Rob, is that an old way of saying that it's problematic? No, no, I'm, I'm literally
saying some of those problematic themes from flowers in the attic are also in rule of Rose,
like specifically that piece of literature. All right. Anyway, SSG owner, Matt says flowers in
the attic that flew over everyone's head. Pixel pocket is LOL. So not everybody, somebody knows
what I'm talking about. Fucking Google it. What is the plot of flowers in the attic?
But I warned you. All right. I finally did get the, the guardian legacy, uh, or the guardian
legends legacy thing they run. I just have to install XNA of the redistributable, um,
redistributable, but cool. I can play it now. Neat. All right. Well have fun with that. Do some,
do some recording. What's the link in chat? Yeah. All right. Uh, moving on. We got one more story
officially, uh, on the record tonight and some folks in chat are like, why is toy in quotes? And
what are we talking about with this story? Because it says on the sidebar, animal crossing toy
in quotes. What does that mean? And well, y'all I'm talking about it for animal crossing.
I'm talking about a butt plug is what I'm talking about. Uh, animal crossing, uh,
it's in a whole report that vice did where they have designed a, they, somebody out there who has
a lot of free time in this pandemic situation has designed a way for sex toys to communicate
with a Nintendo switch and it's haptic feedback capabilities. So when animal crossing triggers
a little character rumble by like digging a hole or hitting something with a shovel,
that same haptic feedback can go right in your butt.
Literally. I love that the effect can be triggered in solo play,
but there are multiplayer possibilities as well.
So what about the integration with one, two switch? I mean, cause I,
I love that they tied it to animal crossing when in reality,
all it is is that somebody figured out how to get the haptic vibrations that go in the controller
to also go to a different device. And yet it's animal crossing that we all immediately go for.
It's because rez isn't on the switch yet, but maybe, maybe they'll try harder to put it there
in the future. Sorry. I'm screaming at this chat comment. This is my favorite thing.
Pixel pockets and chat says animal crossing in my butt.
Like seriously, like I guess you got all this time with the COVID-19 situation. And so it's like,
you know, I've got all those free time. Hey, I wonder if I can get this to work with this.
Why not? Sorry. I knocked all the Pokemon over cause I died laughing. All right.
Hype mayhem and chat says, so Tom Nook can F you in the butt IRL, not just metaphorically in game.
If, if that's what you want. Sure. Bobby says the best thing is the name of the API that they're
using, which I don't even know what it is. And I don't think I want to know, did your own SS.
Can I get a link for this? I know someone who would buy this. Sure. Let's see where can you
get more information on this? I'm looking it up right now. Cause all I have are these stories
that are going around. Oh, there's a GitHub for the project. And it is, the username is,
um, Intiface. You can take it Intiface or, all right, forget it. It's I N T I F A C E. So,
uh, Intiface is the user on GitHub and this is like Intiface console game haptics router.
So there it is. Anyhow, enjoy that. Well, that's, that's interesting.
All right. Let's quickly move on to another story. All right. Uh, this is the part where
I'm going to open up the listener round table in our chat. If you have any questions or,
or things you'd like us to address on the show, you can go ahead and say those in chat.
Unfortunately, they're probably still going to be talking about butt plugs for the next
five minutes. Uh, so maybe we need a few last minute stories to help us shift the topic around.
Yes, we should definitely get something. Um, okay. All right. Wait, let me say this cause Bobby,
Bobby brought it up like that. Bobby said, Hey, any news about summer games done quick?
Why? Yes. And you should listen to the Bobby Black Wolf show from tonight to find out.
All right, go ahead. No, I'm just kidding. Um, Bobby, uh, auditioned to be a host at summer
games done quick and, uh, good news and bad news. Uh, bad news is he is not one of the
25 main hosts, but the good news is he's one of the backup hosts. Um, so if, if miss America
cannot fulfill her duties as host, um, Bobby Black Wolf shall step in and be the, uh, runner
up host, I think is the technical terms for it. Uh, the, all the details are on the show.
Uh, finger, you know, it's, it's a weird situation cause you're like,
Oh, uh, we really want to see Bobby get that opportunity, but Oh, if he gets that opportunity,
that means somebody else had something happen where they can't do it. And that's very sad.
So it's a tricky situation. So all I can really say is I'm just happy Bobby made it that far.
It's his very first year of auditioning. I think there's something like 130 people that audition
and he's maybe 120, I don't know. Uh, but he's in like the top 32 then 25 will say he's in the top
32 of that. And that's, that's still pretty impressive, especially your first year with
like no guidance or anything beyond your own research. So kudos to Bobby Black Wolf,
high five, high five. And, um, I would say we hope to see you on summer games done quick,
although that's rude. So I'm going to say instead, we hope you get a lot of great experience at
summer games done quick so that in turn we see you at awesome games done quick when COVID is
all done. Hopefully sound good. Good. All right. All right. So I've got some stuff that we can
talk about. Um, did you know that there's a brand new DDR version coming out? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
I did hear, uh, it's, it's kind of like a rehash of ACE 20, right? Yeah. So it's, it's a 20 plus
and they're adding more songs to it as well. Uh, I launched, I appreciate that cause I love third
mix plus and fourth mix plus. So yeah. So it launched already on the gold cabinets on the first,
um, but now it'll be coming to the blue cabinets, I believe on the eighth, if I remember correctly.
Where is it launching? Arcades are closed. Are there arcades still open in Japan?
I guess they are. Yeah, I guess they've controlled the, I guess I heard a resurgence is
kind of like coming, but they're kind of managing it a little better there, but it's awesome. My
first thing is like, where the fuck are arcades open right now? Yeah. So they've got some new
songs. Um, you know, there's four that were mentioned. So destructive force by bad myth,
hyper twist, hyper bomb in the past. And then there's a last card by chorus K, uh,
looks pretty awesome. And they did some rebalancing. They have a new thing, uh,
that's basically to check your level. So it allows you to see what kind of, uh, foot level
you should be. I don't even know if they do foot feet or any more if it's stars or whatever.
Um, but they're basically trying to let you know, like what level you should be playing at, uh,
what songs may be right for you so you can play that stage and then it will assess you and let
you know, okay, you're good for these songs. And just real quick, cause I said, where are arcades
open, but I'm being corrected in chat cause yeah, Bobby had that whole thing on the pinball arcade.
He did on the show a couple of weeks ago and he says, are Dave and busters and main event
are open here. And you know, now that I think about it, um, bars, it probably, if bars were
open, I don't see why a place like round one or Dave and busters weren't also open. Um,
especially like casinos and all that. Although, as you know, here in California where we're at,
they in all the mostly populated counties, you know, it's not every county, but it's mostly the
populated ones. Uh, they've closed everything again. So, um, they're not having it now,
but yeah, you're, I gotta remember the world in California. Um, but yeah, I just, I, I,
going out to play DDR in public, like there, I can't think of anything I want to do less.
I still think this news is cool, but I'll wait until next year. Thanks.
So, um, because we're clamoring for, uh, brand new press events and stuff, I am happy to announce
that Devolver digital direct 2020 will be airing on Saturday, July 11th. So we can look forward to
that this week. Uh, I can't wait. It's going to be, uh, at 12 PM Pacific time on Twitch.
That should be fun. And then, uh, apparently Nintendo is, um, they're not too concerned
anymore about 3DS vulnerabilities. They've actually shifted their hacker bounty program
to entirely, um, encompass the switch now and, um, no longer have any 3DS
vulnerabilities in their program. Nintendo officially no longer cares about the 3DS
confirmed hack away. Yep. Hack away. And then apparently there's a VR experience in Japan for,
uh, Rockman over there. So Rockman VR aimed at the virtual world. I want to play that.
Oh, is that something like, uh, like, I don't know, like mega Bay and
legend in like VR or something, or am I totally on base? I don't know. They said starting July 18th.
Um, it'll be playable at the Plaza Capcom, um, in Tokyo's, uh, Ika Bakuro. And I don't know if they
said it'll be a permanent VR corner where you can experience, uh, that game. It says, uh, apparently
in the game says you create a Donna headset created by Dr. Light and try to stop Dr. Wily.
Well, that's pretty much every single game. It actually, it actually kind of reminds me
of another story that we cut from the list tonight. It was a surprising amount of news
for this. I thought going into today, I was like, I think it was a slow news week. And then I'm like,
Oh, actually, no, it wasn't. There was a lot of stuff. Um, there was an emulator that came out for
the NES that takes 2d games and turns them into 3d games. And one of the main man games was one
of them. No, it's not. I mean, it's more like, um, not like a first person 3d, but it's like, uh,
like you kind of can tilt the play field kind of thing. Do you, uh, speaking of the 3DS,
remember back when the 3DS was releasing some NES games and there were a few that had enhancements
where it would make some stereoscopic 3d stuff. It's basically that without the stereoscopic 3d.
Okay. Okay. I got you. So they have like voxel support and stuff. And so like, it'll make,
you know, the pipes rounded in super Mario, um, brothers three or, um, it'll do stuff like that.
And it, they have like a few hundred games that it supports that they've added this,
these enhancements to, um, pretty cool. Um, can I just say real quick, and this is totally
unrelated to what we're talking about, but just off camera over here, my husband is unloading the,
the supplies from target. And can I say how happy I am? Can you bring me like your gold star discovery
that you got at target? Can I just say how happy I am? Because I think this is a sign that somehow
the earth will heal. Um, is that Alan was actually able to find at target the really good toilet
paper. And there was a lot of it in stock and it's not some fucking off brand shit. And it's not some
like one ply 99 cent store thing. This is the real, this is gold plated toilet paper.
Yeah. It's only a disinfectant. Wait. Yeah. It's like a blanket. Actually. Wait,
as I don't want this being an endorsement that they didn't pay for it. God damn it.
Is there a name like not on there somewhere? So this is a sign perhaps
that nature will find a way we will heal.
Looking in chat at some comments, um, orange, right? Says, wow. Pixel pockets put X, D, um,
issue on her map. But yes, I was so excited when I got the text message. I put, we're going to Vegas.
Hello. I'm on camera.
There's a great, like one line on your article that says, um, two month long personal nightmare
of using up the wrong type of toilet paper that someone purchased finally over.
Cause like the husband brings home the wrong toilet paper and it's like, this is,
we have to use this now for weeks. And then once the final role is all they have though,
you have to just, you have to buy what they have. Well, everybody else is having to dip into their,
you know, bunker supply now. So it finally leaves some nice fluffy three ply for the rest of us.
And I couldn't be more thankful. We're still using up the, uh, industrial like paper towels
that I got a while back from Amazon, like the stuff that you would find in your office building
bathroom. Um, and to be honest, I mean, those things have lasted for months. Like I still
have like three rolls of that stuff left and they were like massive, but I remember at one time,
like the local grocery store by us, they could not get toilet paper in and all they can do is
get it from their supplier. And so it was like, it was that really cheap, cheap, cheap stuff that
they're selling by single roll. And it's like, take what I can get. Uh, quest buster and chat
says you have added premium toilet paper to your inventory, plus one to charisma.
Um, yes, but yeah, we, we had like, we had just bought a big pack right before we went on the
cruise. Cause you might remember we were on a cruise like the week before lockdown started and
everything was fine with the cruise. It was nothing like you heard about with the other stuff.
Um, so, uh, we were able, we were able to use that for like months. I think we finally just
ran out of that like last month. And then it was like, Oh, the horrific, uh, off-brand supply has
to begin now. So I'm so glad our long national nightmare is over. All right. Uh, let's see,
uh, other comments in chat here. Um, Hype Mayhem says nice teepee pun. Yup. Yeah. That's what we're
pros at here at OLR. SG100 Matt says we went from talking about butts and now we're back to it.
And Azet with what will probably be the perfect chat comment tonight. Everything is about butts.
Correct. Everything is about butts. Uh, any other last minute stories?
No, that's it. Then I think that's the perfect note to end on. Uh, so get it and on. All right.
Anyway, so that is going to do it for another episode of orange lounge radio. Thank you guys
so much for checking out our show tonight. Uh, whether it was on the podcast feed or on Twitch,
we really appreciate your guys' support and you lasted through the whole thing. Congratulations.
It's been a night of ups and downs. Let me tell you. Uh, and it was only two of us here tonight,
like is something anyway. Um, thank you guys so much for downloading the show or tuning in live.
All we ask. We don't, we don't really ask for your money. Although if you do throw the subs
and the bits, we're not going to complain. I'm going to, I'm going to put that out there. However,
all we really, really want, just help us spread the word. We are the show where every gamer has
a voice, but we need your friends. We need your enemies. We need your frenemies here,
uh, to help out and expand our audience. Uh, because we are the show where every gamer has
a voice. But if your voices aren't here to put on air, what are we going to do? So anyway, um,
a nice five star review wherever you found this show goes a nice long way. Auto hosts on Twitch
are outstanding. And I thank all of you that do it. Unfortunately, Twitch no longer gives me a
list of who's doing it. So I can't thank you personally, but please know if you're doing it.
I do see some of it on the stats stuff like viewers who watch these channels also watch
yours because they're always hosting or whatever. So we really appreciate that. So thank you. Thank
you. Thank you. Um, that takes us to, I believe final thoughts. So Loki with that all said,
do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight? Uh, I don't really have much of anything,
but I did want to mention that X-Box game pass ultimate right now as a dollar.
Oh shit. Where? On Microsoft site. Really? Like for new people only?
Or can I buy 12 of them? I don't know. I'm trying to figure that out right now.
Take that with a grain of salt. Cause I have a feeling that could be a new people
only type of offer. It's like 99 cents for your first month of insert thing here. And then you're
subscribed on NeoGaf. So that's why. Okay. And, and, and, and I went to the page and it said a
dollar. Yeah. So I don't know. All right. We'll look at, we'll look into that. All right. Um,
and that's your final thought tonight. That's my final thought. All right. Uh, and my final
thought tonight is, um, yeah, I think, I think I said all my piece earlier in the show, so I'm not
going to say too much more, but just, um, you know, thank you all for being here. I, I'm so
thankful, uh, that there's a place for me to say shit on Sunday night and there's people that
actually want to listen to it. Thank you so much. We'll see you in seven days to talk about video
games all over again, dark soccer. We'll be back next week. And I think she's here for the full
show next week. Cause she did a work thing where she's not working on Monday. So that's really
exciting. So we'll be back in seven days to talk about whatever happens in the next week and with
E3 not having happened and random announcements coming at random times, there could be a lot of
stuff. In the meantime, I will enjoy my burger time machine. You enjoy whatever it is, makes you
happy. Have a wonderful night, everybody. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange
lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into vog network.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network,
but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
