In the year of hindsight, we find ourselves with non-news and weird news.
Would it surprise you to hear that Sony is ramping up more supply of PlayStation 5s?
Can you have more when you're already making many?
Shrug.
Also, Microsoft Flight Simulator's Physical Edition is coming on 10 DVDs because Blu-ray
won the war but hasn't proliferated outside of devices that connect to your TV.
Tonight, your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki bring you news that would require
three audio CDs to hold, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again tonight with episode number 828 for this July
19th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you live from our studio in Sacramento, California, where
we would all collaborate usually over the last 18 years in the same room.
But due to the way things are in the world, we're doing a little bit of social distant
recording thanks to the magic of Discord.
So I'm here and joining me on Discord.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I don't know.
Maybe I should make it a little bit more obvious.
I am protecting myself from the plague.
I have my plague mask shoved with Rosemary in it right now.
So you're showing off your mask on Twitch, because even though this is a radio podcast
—
People can screenshot it.
Yeah, that's true.
We do tape live —
And it's low because I've got this damn mask on.
We do tape live every Sunday night at The Voice of the Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
VOG Network Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby
Blackwell show.
So if you do want to see some of the video, you can join us live or you can subscribe
to us over at VOG Network.
And yeah, I guess the elaborate mask that you're wearing is impacting some of the audio,
but I think we got that now.
I folded the mask under now, so that should be a little bit better.
Oh yeah, that sounds better to me.
So you get the top down view without me covering my mouth.
Ta-da!
Ta-da!
I feel now like I should actually have like a gachamon helmet on instead.
Just call me June the swallow.
Some of the comments from our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, sg100matt
says, the mask protects her from the haters.
Tiger —
What haters?
Tigerclaws says she should take that mask to work.
Imagine how the coworkers would react, but you're working from home right now.
I work from home.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I mean, this arrived the day after because I had to go in and clean out my desk at work,
which means it's all official now.
If I had this yesterday, the day that I went, I would have worn it, but it actually arrived
yesterday.
So, oh well.
Was that a friend online who made that?
Yeah, my friend Amber did.
Nice.
And for those that aren't able to see the video, it's kind of like a space type of thing,
but it's against the old school type of plague mask with the big beak.
So a dark Sakura kind of looks like bird Sakura tonight.
Here is a picture on my Twitter from yesterday.
So there you go.
Good way to —
You got to go hunting for it.
Good way to get the cheap plug in for the Twitter there.
And my Instagram at dark Sakura.
Questbuster in chat says she's ready to treat medieval patients.
That's right.
Yeah, I'm going to give them cocaine.
She's also ready to greet people who misbehave in our chat room tonight.
Any random Twitch trolls beware.
Speaking of trolls —
I never get trolled.
Also say hello, uh, joining us every week here on the show.
Say hello to tech master.
Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing fine.
And I see tonight you've got some — is that Minecraft going on behind you, like an elaborate?
Yes.
And this is actually a B-roll that I recorded just before the show of my actual server.
So this is all of the stuff that I've built.
I thought you were actually like playing the way you were kind of looking.
I thought you might be like actually playing Minecraft right now while doing the show.
Technically, yes, I was playing Minecraft at the time to record that.
So this is like, for example, the second or third floor in my basement with the automatic
sorting system.
It's all redstone I've built.
But yeah, I'll be scrolling.
It'll be just showing kind of the stuff I've built over the course of things like 15 minutes
long.
It'll just be looping.
Wow.
All right.
Well, it looks fancy for Minecraft.
It looks pretty cool.
It's been, yeah, a few months, so it's pretty fancy now.
All right.
Well, let's get into some news tonight.
Of course, Minecraft is a Microsoft property now.
And we know we're going to be getting a lot of Microsoft news coming up this week.
And in advance of that, we have some other little details that have come out kind of
in advance of the show on the 23rd.
Although we do know on the...
And Loki, I'll ask you to recap these stories here in a minute.
But what we do know on the 23rd is that we're not going to get a price.
We're not going to get a date for the system.
So they've already kind of set our expectations there.
Sony didn't.
Why should they?
We don't know.
We're not going to get either of those.
But we will get games, games, games.
So I imagine a new Halo kind of deep dive, hopefully something Forza, either mainline
Horizon or maybe a new thing for Forza, who knows?
And then I imagine we're getting maybe Fable.
That's always the big rumor is that Fable's coming back.
One of the studios is working on Fable.
That'd be pretty cool.
And then who knows?
We know Microsoft has acquired many, many studios over the past couple of years.
I think it was something like 13 studios, places like Double Fine and stuff.
So we know Microsoft has been acquiring these studios, and we're going to find out this
week what most of them likely have been working on, or at least a good chunk of them.
We probably won't get to see them all, although that would be pretty impressive if they all
had something.
But imagine we'll see a good chunk of them, and that's to get everybody hyped, really,
especially with Sony coming right off of some big exclusives on their system.
Sony just released Ghosts of Tsushima this week, which is doing really well as far as
a lot of the reviews and things people are saying online.
They also, of course, have Last of Us 2, which, as I guess controversial as that game is,
it seems like mostly critics agree it's pretty good.
Just a lot of controversies and where the story went, I suppose.
But in God of War, Horizon, Sony's got a lot of great, great IPs.
So it's going to be interesting to see now Microsoft really kind of show what they're
going to offer to really go against that.
Meanwhile, Nintendo's over here putting out a new Mario game this week and kind of doing
their own thing, and that's what's worked for them.
Anyway, other big news, though, about Microsoft ahead of their event.
I can't really say press conference, because that's what it would have been if this was
an E3 world.
Yeah, it's like an online direct, if you will.
Virtual event on the 23rd.
Yeah, so they announced, of course, that they're going to be wrapping up the production on
the Xbox One X, which makes sense, because you have the Xbox Series X coming out.
But they already have stopped production on that, so that's to be expected with the brand
new version that's going to kind of replace it anyways.
Or possibly something else that's unannounced yet that may replace it, so we'll have to
wait and see.
Along with that other cool stuff, Game Pass Ultimate now is going to be getting the X
Cloud support, so that's going to be included with the price of Game Pass, which is pretty
cool.
So $15 a month to get all that with Xbox Live together.
And then, of course, there's rumors that they may be just getting rid of Xbox Live
Gold altogether, because already SKUs have been taken off of the Xbox website, where
you cannot purchase a year subscription to Xbox Live Gold anymore.
So you can only purchase three months or one month.
So I'm wondering if maybe at the end of the year, they're just going to kick off Gold
altogether and maybe replace it with something else.
This Xbox Game Pass, it'll just be the one fee and you get all of the services under
that one.
If only anyone could have potentially saw this coming three years ago, although I saw
that eye roll, I can say.
So we'll see what happens, because it could be that they're just replacing with the Xbox
this Game Pass thing, so it would be pretty cool.
Because if that's the case, then it's kind of like, whereas they were giving away one
or two free games a month or whatever, now you're getting like 100 games total.
They're going to be rolling new titles into it each month.
It's going to be interesting to see what they do with that.
I know that's why they're kind of keeping their cards close to their chest, because
they don't want Sony to kind of react with their PlayStation Now, although let's be honest
with you, PlayStation Now, I don't really care for it too much.
Definitely the Game Pass is a lot more appealing to me.
So I'm curious to see what they announce.
Yeah.
S2100 Matt in chat says, Rob is going to pull that lever that has the banner that says,
I was right.
He's been waiting to pull that for three years.
Yeah, it's just going to be a bunch of dust and balloon particles that fall from the ceiling
when that happens.
No, here's the thing.
Okay.
So I have like two mindsets about this.
There is that part of me that still kind of is convinced that Microsoft may be doing this.
And for those of you that are newer to OLR and don't know what I'm talking about, I said
in one of the year prediction segments, beginning of the year things about three years ago,
I said, Microsoft is going to go big and they're going to do something really shocking because
they were, they're still feeling a little sore from when they got slapped in the face
by Sony at E3 all those years ago when the PlayStation 4 was first revealed and they
really sucker punched the Xbox One.
And so Microsoft is just waiting to sucker punch Sony and say, well, we're going to get
rid of the price to pay online.
And I've kind of given these reasons for it is that Xbox, PC, they're trying to come closer
together into one environment.
And isn't it really weird that if I have no man's sky on PC, I don't have to pay to play
online.
But if I have it on my on Microsoft Xbox, I do have to pay to play it online, even though
we have cross platform now.
Like, aren't those types of things weird?
So yeah, so what I could definitely see them doing to keep parity with the PC side is just
charge for games pass and the X cloud service and then do Xbox live for free, basically.
Well, okay, so I'm still I'm still a couple couple mindsets.
Yeah, exactly.
Is that I think they could still make Xbox live free and go that way.
And that would be a huge shocker in the industry.
And you know, the only the thing I would have gotten wrong was that I would have predicted
Microsoft to do it mid cycle for Xbox one to get the leg up on PlayStation.
What I would have gotten wrong is that they've been saving it to do it at the start of a
new cycle to really get the jump on the PlayStation five.
And you know, kind of looking back hindsight's 2020.
You think about this news about Microsoft positioning all these chess pieces and interesting
places and so forth.
They've been setting up to go big with Xbox Series X for years.
So if they do end up sucker punching Sony and saying, guess what, online is now free,
then that's going to be, you know, a huge, a huge thing.
And it's going to be a huge plus in Microsoft's hat, especially when rumor is this big rumor.
But a lot of, you know, even like investor articles online are saying that you can expect
that Microsoft's console is going to cost less than Sony's console.
So all those things are going to add up to something very, very, very interesting.
Now, all that being said about the whole, why I might be right camp, there is still
that critical, you know, having watched this industry for years and years and doing this
show, there's that other side of me, it's a little more realistic that thinks this is
more of a branding type of thing is that it's too confusing to have game pass ultimate,
an X cloud pass and games with gold, all these separate, you know, tickets that are separate.
It's too much to keep track of.
Now granted, Loki just said, they just announced this week that X cloud and game pass ultimate
are going to be tied together.
So you're not going to have to worry about like, what is it?
But isn't it interesting that they didn't say Xbox gold is that too?
So that almost makes me wonder, it kind of goes back to, oh, maybe I'm right again, because
they didn't call that out.
And why wouldn't they have if that's the direction they're going?
I don't think though, that they're just rebranding it, because if that was the case, and they
would just still have the subscription up, they would just say, Okay, well, after this
date, we're just calling it something different.
I think that they're just changing up how they actually, you know, sell it.
So I guess I don't know what's going to happen if I mean, I guess if you purchase so many
years of Xbox Live gold, maybe they'll just convert that over into games pass or something
like that.
Um, yeah, we'll wait until Thursday this week.
Dark soccer.
Let me pick on you for a minute here.
We'll not pick on you.
But I want your opinion from somebody who specifically is probably not really a Microsoft
person.
Like, I don't think you and Dan even have an I don't remember Do you guys even have
an Xbox?
I don't think you do.
Since Xbox 360.
Okay.
Okay.
So you've been in Microsoft's camp before, but it would be fair to say of Sony, Nintendo
and Microsoft, Microsoft's getting the least amount in your house, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
It doesn't, we don't feel too much love for it.
And I would imagine a lot of that is the games, right?
It's just not the, you know, you've made your feelings on Halo known on this show before
and so forth.
It's not the games are not tickling your fancy, so to speak.
Nothing interesting enough yet to really make it worth it to me, right?
So I mean, I feel like dark soccer is the type of gamer that Microsoft like Phil Spencer
sees dark soccer and goes, that's who I need to bring back to Microsoft.
So that being said, when I talk about this potential that, oh, Microsoft might get rid
of the fee to pay online.
Does that excite you at all?
Or is it just kind of like a no, no, no.
Okay.
No.
Show me the games.
Fair enough.
I don't care if they're free.
I want good games.
Fair enough.
No, that's, that's excellent point.
It's just, it's really about the games.
So okay.
And, and all this new, you know, well granted, everything is really speculation and the little
news that's come out was not in the context of a press conference or direct or anything.
It's just, you know, kind of a leaking, I don't want to say leaking, but like comments
to game journalists, blogs, and things like that, a Twitter posts.
And that's where a lot of this is coming out right now.
So you know, to, to your credit and that point, dark soccer, July 23rd, here comes the games.
So I'm really interested to hear your take on what happens after this week.
And if anything comes out of, out of that, where you go, Ooh, we'll see.
The other thing too, is why am I going to buy a system when I've, I, me playing the
last of us is the first time I've touched my PS4 since last year, except to dust it
a couple of times.
So it's, if I haven't been touching that and I really like the system, what makes me going
to touch, uh, uh, get an Xbox one just to do, you know, I don't, I'm going to pay money
to do something that I'm probably just going to let sit there anyway and not care about.
So, well, and the fact that you do a lot of gaming on PC, Mac computers, you're using
computers in place of concerts, switch a lot lately.
The only gaming I've really done on, on any, uh, computer has been on my Mac and it's been,
I mean, just my puzzle games and a few, uh, a few like typography based games and stuff
on Apple arcade, really.
Um, although, yeah, I've been mentioning, I am going to stream, um, for charity once
I get, you know, everything put together from the house.
So I voted for the game that didn't win.
I voted for Colonel Sanders.
Didn't win.
I had to do a new poll because dream daddy and how to full boyfriend tied.
I also voted for Colonel Sanders.
So yeah.
Fuck my drag.
Right.
All right.
Okay.
Mayhem, uh, hype mayhem and chat says, uh, I think that was a Kennedy Davenport line
too.
Uh, hype mayhem says, even when I was strictly a con Bobby voted for Colonel Sanders to all
the VOG people voted for Colonel Sanders, uh, hype mayhem says, uh, even when I was
strictly a console gamer, the three 60 was my secondary console.
PC is my main thing right now, although I do fire up my three 60 every now and then
I'm very curious to see on the 23rd, how much PC is a win for Microsoft.
And what I mean by that is, is the emphasis, is there going to be, how much emphasis is
there going to be on Xbox series X?
We know we're not getting the system where no, we're not getting the date.
So is, I'm curious to see how many times the messages reiterated coming to PC and Xbox,
or this is something you can play on PC and let's be real, it's Microsoft.
So they're going to say windows.
This would be a lot of windows 10.
It's a windows 10 game.
Cause it's Microsoft.
That's what they're going to do.
So, um, I know, but so let's be real.
That's what they're going to do.
But go ahead.
So here's what I don't understand about X-cloud so I, and this is just my not doing any research
on it.
Um, so X-cloud is that streaming from your Xbox to your phone or is that like, say just
any other game streaming service where it's just from the cloud to you, whatever device
that you want to stream to, because if it doesn't require a console, I would love to
have X-cloud support for my PC to be able to play these games that I don't have a console
for.
Great question.
And one I'm hoping we get more clarity on, uh, on the 23rd.
Cause I think the branding with X-cloud is kind of confusing.
I think the fact that we don't have a definitive, like this is the answer to that.
Um, and I'm sure you guys in chat, you know, and as far as I know, the project X-cloud
that's been tested is your Xbox streaming to your device, uh, like a phone or something
like that.
Or even, I suppose your PC, which is something you've been able to do for a long time, really
a stream your Xbox one to your PC.
But I do think that's a message that Microsoft could stand to kind of clarify a little bit,
like what is X-cloud?
Is it, is it gaming from the cloud to your Xbox or is it, is it all of it?
Like what's the difference?
How does one work versus another?
And I, I kind of think, I think there's going to be a lot when it comes to like branding
and how they show that off, that's going to be important.
And I know a lot of you, again, a lot of you guys are probably sitting there ready to explain
it to me in technical fashion, how it all works.
And I get that.
But remember, we got to explain this to the average consumer.
We got to explain this to the parent that's shopping for the household or hell the college
kid that's buying their home console or whatever it is, you know, it's gotta be explaining
it a little more to that audience, especially around the holiday season.
Explain to grandma why this, this, why Microsoft X-cloud makes it better than so.
So to clarify, so according to the actual official page is that, and this is just for
the test, this test streaming console quality tiles from the cloud.
No waiting for downloads.
During the preview, you don't need to own games or console.
So it is right now streaming just from the cloud, not from a console.
I'm curious if it's going to stay that way.
I didn't even know.
I mean, sorry, it's either way for like other thing, everything else out of, you know, the
games pass stuff.
It says a lot that I was convinced it was your console to your phone.
And I swear that's something they've also been testing and fine.
I'm, I'm happy to be wrong because it just proves my point.
Like we kind of need clarity on what is it and how does it work and how easy is it going
to be, you know, in that whole thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
S2100 Matt says there is a Reddit thread where people ask folks to explain certain things
like they're 12.
I thought it was five.
Isn't there a subreddit ELI five or something like that?
Yeah.
So, well, there's probably a 12 year old one too.
The way you'd word things to a 12 year old and the five year old are a little different,
but still.
Yeah.
That's, that's, that's what, that's what Microsoft needs to do with xCloud.
ELI 12.
That's what it is.
So.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, Loki, are you, are you getting hyped about this event?
Are you kind of lukewarm on Microsoft game information?
So yes, of course I got to say I'm, I love Sony and I love PlayStation five.
I almost am more excited about Microsoft this time around and I think it has something to
do with their underdog status.
You know, the reality is y'all, I love games so much.
I'm going to buy both.
I'm going to buy both.
Um, and that's just the way it is.
But uh, I, there, there's a certain like underdog element and you know, this is, this is Phil
Spencer's time as opposed to, you know, Don Matrick who kind of screwed the Xbox one right
out the gate.
Like I, I'm really just excited to see like what it is and how they're going to get that
messaging across.
And I'm, I'm kind of really excited about it to be honest.
I still don't know what their exclusives are though between the different platforms.
So that's why right now I like having a hard time making decisions because like, I don't
know what they're offering.
Like they keep saying, Oh, our hardware is more powerful.
I mean, every company is going to say that.
So like I need to see what the games are and I, I'm not clear, like especially after that
last event that Sony had, like I'm not clear what games they're offering, it was all third
party stuff.
And like, yeah, Assassin's Creed is going to be on both platforms and I don't care about
that game anyways.
Um, I just don't know third party wise, like I, I would lean a little bit towards Sony
just because I have a huge library of stuff on there, but I mean, with Game Pass, it doesn't
matter anyway.
So like, I have to see, I have to see what they have to offer like exclusive wise.
Cause that's really kind of what drives me to one console or the other.
If Sony would really go big on the backwards compatibility thing, I would be so happy.
And I know people are like, why do you need a new console to play old games?
Because I ran out of shelf space for the old consoles.
The old consoles get dusty and die.
I don't even know where the fricking cords are for my old consoles at some point.
Like it's kind of nice to have it all in one.
And I gotta be honest, if Sony does open up and say, guess what?
All those PlayStation two and three and one games that have been sitting on your shelf,
now they have value again.
You can play them on your phone.
I'll be so excited to be honest.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Especially when Matt says we won't notice a difference between a console power for a
few years.
And by then studios will be able to use the console to its full potential.
We're never going to know which console is better anyways, because what's going to happen,
especially when it comes to mainline games that are multi-platform, they're going to
keep them in parity with each other.
You're not going to have one that's like vastly different than the other one.
It's going to be first party titles that would be showing that stuff off.
And honestly, I don't think it's going to be like night and day between these different
consoles.
I don't think it's just all hype and, you know, advertised speak.
I think that's a very important point is that technical power does not mean what it used
to mean.
Case in point, Nintendo, I rest my case.
Like Nintendo has the weakest console out there from a technological, although some
would argue the technological marvel of the dock and take it off the dock is a pretty
big feather in the hat, but you guys know what I mean, right?
Basically the switch is going to be the least powerful thing on the market, but does it
matter?
No, it absolutely doesn't matter because they have animal crossing.
They have a Metroid game coming out in the future.
They likely are doing another Mario game this holiday of some form or another.
It's not going to matter.
So like, you know, whereas back in the day when it was, you know, super Nintendo or Nintendo
64 on a cartridge versus PlayStation on a disc versus Dreamcast, you know, all the,
all this stuff going on, like the technological end of it doesn't matter anymore.
If that makes sense.
So yeah, that makes sense.
Phoenix 7726 in chat says, Rob, power has never meant the same thing to Nintendo, even
when they are on the edge during the GameCube era.
Yeah, that's a brilliant point.
The GameCube was probably the closest they ever got to kind of being on par with the
other consoles that were available at the time.
But even then they, their online was so weak compared to the competition.
The thing that's going to hurt them though, power wise, I mean, I get it, the Switch is
an okay system.
It's just that when you're looking at third party titles, you're going to have, the Switch
is not going to be able to run a lot of these modern engines on it.
It's not without them massively altering those games.
That's why you see a lot of these older games being ported to the Switch, which is fine.
But you're not going to see Cyberpunk running on the Switch or something like that.
It's going to be very much separate in that sense.
Same with Madden or anything like that.
These next gen Madden games, they're going to have, it all is going to be porting that
old version of Madden onto the Switch over and over and over again with a roster update.
Counterpoint though, because Microsoft is still developing for the Xbox One.
Everything that is being developed is going to run on the Xbox One.
So that being said, it's not going to be as difficult, I mean, I say that like I have
any technical knowledge of programming a game whatsoever, but I think that bridge would
be a lot less strenuous to cross from Xbox One to Switch than it would be from PlayStation
5 and Xbox Series X.
And we know for a couple of years, Microsoft is still going to be supporting Xbox One.
Third party could be a different story, I understand that.
But I think that bridge is not as monumental as it might have felt before, especially with
the way the Switch is sold.
It's motivating third party developers to kind of keep it in mind when they develop.
Now in a couple years when Microsoft finally decides to leave the Xbox One behind, I think
that's when the conversations will start really about what is the Switch's successor, which
I full on just expect to be a Switch 2.0.
I don't see Nintendo leaving this formula behind at all, like it's going to be another
portable and a desktop, I don't know, a living room system, Nintendo's not going to leave
that behind.
It's been too damn successful this time around.
So.
Yeah.
All right.
I just, I think there's just a lot of even stuff with the current generation of consoles
that doesn't come to the Switch because it can't run that stuff.
Although now it's going to be running Crysis, so I guess anything's possible.
S2-100 Matt in chat says, Loki going after sports games again.
But he's right.
The last year or two of sports games on an expiring consoles are just really sad ports.
That's what they've been the last few years already on the Switch.
Nothing's going to change.
Nothing.
All of a sudden them making a brand new engine that runs on next generation of consoles doesn't
mean all of a sudden they're going to port it to.
It's not going to happen.
But that's up to the third parties to do better in some regard too, because Nintendo is doing
great.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about the types of games we've been playing this week, whether it's been
on our Switch, our computer, our Xbox, PlayStation, whatever.
How was your gaming week?
And we'll start with Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I played a lot of Animal Crossing.
Dan's been playing Bloodstained.
He's actually been playing both Curse of the Moon 2 and then the regular Bloodstained.
I've been playing this stupid game that I'm kind of hooked on.
And it's one of those like free with ads stupid games, but the ads aren't very long on it.
And it's if people can see, it looks like it's like this where you have you get like
letters.
Okay.
For the podcast, folks, it looks like a word for words with friends, but with a spinny
dial thing.
It's the word wheel mode from words with friends is what it is.
Okay.
And so, of course, you know, you have to build the words on it.
And me, like on this one, I've guessed three of the words on the puzzle and I've done thirty
three other words.
The last one I did was like nine words and I guessed seventy.
So yeah.
And they were all real words.
So I'm like, yeah, this game isn't for people who actually have a vocabulary.
It's been pretty fun.
I'm still playing words with friends and I haven't really gotten to much of The Last
of Us this week just because other things are going on.
But I this upcoming week isn't going to be much better because I get my new desk and
I have to set up my office and everything.
So this all of this behind me is going to be different, hopefully the next time I'm
on the show.
Awesome.
But in other news, next week is my last half show.
I go back to my old schedule and you get me for a full show.
I'm glad the warden's giving you a pardon so we can have y'all show.
Good to know.
I don't know how I feel about closing again, though.
I've kind of gotten used to my quiet six a.m., but it is what it is.
Yeah.
You'll do fine.
All right.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, we'll move to Loki, who clearly Minecraft was part
of his week.
Yes.
I'm always playing Minecraft.
So I played lots of Minecraft.
And aside from that, Orna.
And then also I did finally get the switch to play a little bit of Paper Mario, the Origami
King.
So that was pretty awesome.
I'm enjoying that quite a bit.
So just not too far into it.
I'm not too like the first big boss yet, but I played like three hours of it.
That's pretty good.
So that's pretty much it.
OK.
All right.
My gaming week.
I have a lot to talk about, actually.
So there's all the usuals, right?
Like, you know, Pokemon Go.
I got like 11 shinies during community day catching for my Bluetooth, you know, whatever.
But I got a 100 percent Gastly.
And those are more exciting to me when you get a perfect 100 percent because they give
out shinies like candy on community day, I swear.
But yeah.
So I participated in that Gomi.
I'm still playing Orna a bit.
And this was a week where I was kind of like, I'm going to tackle some games that have just
been sitting in my backlog or, you know, just play something random on Xbox Game Pass.
So I played on Xbox Game Pass.
They just added a game called Forager.
And Loki, this might be something that's up your alley because it is very Minecrafty,
especially when it comes to the crafting in the game.
But the graphics look a little more like honestly to me, they're almost like a Binding of Isaac
style graphics, although the game is nothing like Binding of Isaac.
It's more Minecraft, but it's 2D.
And you know, you're going around, you mind these different things.
You have things that you build like a forage and you do other things like a thread, a loom,
things like that.
You're kind of crafting and then you expand your land through money and you're crafting
money as well.
And so it's an interesting kind of 2D Minecraft.
We've seen these types of games before.
Maybe Don't Starve would be another good comparison, although I feel like Forager was like really,
really dumbed down.
And that's a good thing.
I think that's an okay thing to be sometimes.
Sometimes being a simpler game gives you an edge.
That's why I love Heroes of the Storm.
It's like League of Legends, but it's dumbed down and that's not a bad thing.
So Forager is pretty cool in that regard.
I wish it had a little bit more robust of a tutorial.
Like sometimes the little dude will tell you like what to do, but I was kind of having
a hard time figuring out like, am I doing this the right way?
Am I eating the right things I'm supposed to be eating?
Because this seems very difficult and I'm running out of life very often.
I guess maybe I need to build more fish traps.
I don't know.
That type of discovery might be a plus for some people, though.
I like to be handheld just a little bit more in the beginning of the game.
But that's really just my it's a minor piece of feedback, all things considered.
I think the game is fun.
It's interesting.
And I feel like it moves at a faster pace than Minecraft, too, which I kind of like.
So yeah, that's cool.
Some other games I've been playing, Epic Games Store, I'm like, you know, I've been collecting
all these free games.
I'm going to play some free games.
So I played one called Lifeless Planet that I think came out a couple or excuse me, was
a free game a couple weeks ago.
I think the game itself dates back to like 2014 or something like that.
And I thought it might be kind of like a No Man's Sky type of game, because that was the
vibe that a lot of the screenshots were giving me.
It's not quite that open world.
It's a little more platformy.
I would almost call it a little bit more like an old school Tomb Raider type of thing is
honestly how it kind of felt to me with some of the puzzles where it's like, oh, I got
to take a ball and roll the ball over to this cliff so I can jump on the ball and jet pack
up here and do these types of things.
It has kind of an interesting story to it too.
It was okay.
I thought the game kind of wasn't what I expected it would be.
Like I thought a game like Lifeless Planet would be very much about exploration and kind
of open worldness.
And that's not really what this is at all.
But that doesn't make it bad.
It's just it wasn't what I expected.
So there you go.
Now you can set your expectations appropriately if you ever play this game, which I got on
Epic Games Store a while ago.
And it's, you know, again, many of you guys probably picked it up for free.
It's worth a look.
It's pretty neat.
I also played a game.
Oh, everybody knows this game, Celeste.
I finally got around to playing Celeste.
Finally got around to playing Celeste this week.
And because that was on Epic Games Store at some point that that game is hard as hell.
My God.
But it's it's fun.
It's it.
It it has like to me it has like a Super Meat Boy vibe kind of going with it.
And that's kind of what it reminds me of closest.
But the soundtrack's really good.
And I like how I like it.
I don't like it.
I like it.
How there's these like these little strawberries that very clearly are things you're supposed
to be collecting that are like dangled in front of you.
But they're hard as hell to get.
And like I can get them sometimes, but other times, no, can't do it.
And I just have to move on.
And then sometimes there's choices.
Do I go left or right?
And I don't know.
Like, I thought games like this only had one path.
But no, there's there's multiple ways to get there.
So that's kind of interesting where it's like a Super Meat Boy S type of game.
But there's multiple ways to kind of get to the finish.
So yeah, I thought that was interesting.
Some comments in chat on these games.
Act Def says Celeste is so awesome.
It's hard, but it's so rewarding.
And the story is great.
And Pele Hanumeya talking about Lifeless Planet was interesting to play.
Yeah, it's interesting.
The story is kind of kind of not what I expected it to be at all.
But it's very narrative, but it's good.
And let's see.
I think that's about like my newer games I was playing and catching up.
Okay, so I mentioned on Twitter that like, I have found this new thing in one of my games
that I play a lot that I really enjoy.
Some of you might find it a little weird.
And that's why I'm going to talk about it openly and publicly on this show that I do.
So obviously, you guys know I play a lot of a game called Ingress, right?
So something they just recently did in Ingress is they released something called portal scanning.
And what portal scanning is, is quite simply all you're doing, you're taking like a, you
take your camera, and you walk around like a portal basically where it is, and you're
taking a 3D scan of that portal for Niantic's database to be used in some other game down
the road.
Now this same feature is in Pokemon Go.
But it's, I think it's a little more, it's Pokestop scanning.
I think it's a little more hidden, and they don't give you any rewards for it.
There's like no reason to do it in Pokemon Go.
So I doubt any of you are except maybe the curiosity factor.
But in Ingress, they have some little badges, you know, little achievements that you can
get from doing these things.
And so that kind of motivated me to start taking a look, I was like, well, at least
I can do this bronze level, you know, achievement and do this.
And they ended so they did one badge for scanning portals.
But then they released a second badge called scout controller.
This is very different than Pokemon.
And what scout controller is, is that scout controller is for uniques, basically, like,
if you have more portal scans than anybody else on a portal, then you are the scout controller
for 30 days.
Now, if somebody comes and scans more than you, they'll take it away from you.
But you've already stamped that as a unique scout controller claim.
So it goes towards your badge.
So this added up to and there's there's a point I'm getting to here.
This added up to me trying to find portal dense areas to just scan a lot of things.
And so I could work on my controller badge really fast.
I'm already up to I got the bronze level, I'm past 100 I'm up to about 150 unique portals
because I've been going to dense areas, parks, I found I was scanning at parks.
But right now there's a lot of kids at parks.
There's a lot of asshole teenagers at parks, because people you know, there's not a lot
to do in quarantine right now, but go outside and go to parks.
So it's hard for me to be like, I'm going to take out my phone and like, pretend like
I'm not taking pictures of your kid.
I promise.
I'm taking pictures.
It's too weird for me.
And I don't want to go there.
So where do you think the portal dense area is that I found where I don't get bothered
by anybody and graveyards graveyards that is exactly right.
And so let me actually roll some b roll of me doing a portal scan at a graveyard at a
graveyard.
And I gotta tell you, you know, what's fun about it is that the location doesn't so you
can see you're in the in sorry, I haven't narrated for the podcast.
You can see I see where the let me let me actually start.
I'm sorry, I was a bad narrator, I'm gonna start the b roll again.
So you see, it shows me a picture of what the grave looks like and the name on it.
I've got to find it.
And the location isn't always accurate.
And that's the fun part is that kind of have to play Where's Waldo a little bit.
So now in the video, okay, I found the portal, I found the grave marker that was in the picture.
And so I start to actually scan.
So this is me walking around the portal.
And you see it actually kind of nevermind the Pokemon Go messages, because that's me
catching via Bluetooth.
But I walk around the portal best I can, although obviously, I'm not going to walk up, I'm not
going to be disrespectful to the graveyard itself.
So I do the best that I can, and then it actually encodes it.
And then it sends the data to Niantic, so that Pikachu can pop out of that gravestone
at some point in Pokemon Go, I imagine.
So you see it actually like replays it to you, it shows a little scan that I took.
And there it goes, I do upload later.
And then I actually upload those scans when I get home at some point later on.
So that's, that's basically what it looks like.
So again, the fun part is, I'm having to use clues in the picture because graveyards, right,
there's tons of gravestones.
But you want to make sure you're scanning the right thing, right?
So I have to use clues like in the picture.
What is the grave shape like?
Does it have a cross on top of it?
Or does it have like a, some of them have a drapery?
Does it have a torch?
Like what like things are on it?
What color is it?
I see a tree in the background, because again, the location is not always accurate in a graveyard.
People like submit it like close, but it's very hard in Niantic system with Pokemon Go
and Ingress, like you see a satellite view of where the portal is supposed to be.
You can't, you can't find that unless it's one of those giant tombs, which sometimes
there's that as well.
It's very hard to find that on satellite view.
So a lot of these things are in the wrong place.
So yeah, that's, that's, and I had a lot of fun doing that today.
And now I'm like, oh, I want to go to all these other places and scan too, because they're
the best things to scan.
Like you know, when you're scanning like plaques on a wall and stuff, they're not very interesting.
They don't really have a lot of shape to them, but gravestones are like kind of awesome
for that.
And again, nobody fucking bothers me at a graveyard at all.
It's great.
I saw one other person there today and I'm pretty sure they were taking the gyms in Pokemon
Go is what they were doing.
It was also, and I, you know, and as weird as y'all might think it is or whatever, like
I'm completely respectful when I just, I make sure I'm not walking in places that feel disrespectful.
I don't make noise.
I don't, you know, I don't jump on things quite honestly.
And one thing I found through this, because games like Pokemon Go and Ingress and all
these Niantic things and several games are also about exploring your community, right?
That's a big thing that they've always pitched, right?
Right?
Loki is like, explore your community, get to your community.
You know, one thing I learned, this graveyard sucks at upkeep.
And I was actually kind of distressed about it.
I was like, if my relative was buried at the cemetery, I would be so upset by the state
of this.
All of the, none of the grass had been kept.
It was all dead.
California hasn't been in a drought for a couple of years, so I don't know what their
excuse is on that front.
They get at least water at once in a while.
So all the grass was dead.
I saw tombs that were completely like, like had fallen over just out of like disrepair.
There was one, I put a picture on my Instagram that was just like something that had fallen
over into three pieces.
And I was like, what if this was my relative?
This is, this is distressful.
So there's almost a part of me that's like, this game might turn me into an activist of
some sort where I'm like, y'all need to, y'all are paying good money for, you know, this
type of care and to memorialize your relatives and so forth.
And I bet if some people saw the state of disrepair this place was in, they'd be shocked.
So I don't know.
I could just start an Instagram or a Yelp or something like that.
I don't know.
So Bobby Blackwolf in chat says the undertaker would take care of that graveyard.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf says Rob has 5G.
Okay.
But that's, that's the fake 5G.
That's the, it's look very carefully.
It's 5GE.
That's my AT&T 5G.
Okay.
It's, it's very different.
It's not, not actual 5G.
Let's see.
Let's see some comments in chat here.
Quest Buster says Rob is going to end up on the 11 o'clock news as part of the graveyard
hoard story.
I don't know.
Phoenix 7726 says, so Pikachu's a grave digger.
LOL.
I mean, that's what, I assume it's for Pokemon Go and some type of AR feature, but we also
know Niantic's working on Catan.
I don't know what type of AR stuff would be in Catan, but at the same time I would have
never foresaw what AR stuff would have been in Pokemon.
So who knows?
Maybe when you build things in Catan, cause that is Niantic's next game, that's, that's
out there and you can sign up for the beta now.
I don't know.
They might implement it in their Harry Potter game.
I keep forgetting.
I kind of stopped on Harry Potter, Wizards Unite.
I just, I, I think that that's Orna's fault because I have found the maximum number of
those games I can play at once is three.
I cannot play more than three GPS games at once.
So I finally left.
So Wizards Unite by the wayside and I don't know, maybe the traces will do something with
the AR.
I don't know.
So interesting.
Anyway, so yeah, that's, that's my interesting new obsession is I'm scanning graveyards.
It's good exercise.
I get my steps in.
There's no children running around acting crazy and no parents going like, why is that
creepy dude with his phone trying to take pictures of my kid?
I would much rather somebody just be like, why is that dude taking pictures in a graveyard?
Because honestly, I think there's a lot of people, graveyards are, graveyards are meant
to be good looking.
They're meant to be beautiful.
They're meant to be eternal resting spots of sorts.
That's why I was so irritated with this one I went to today and the state of disrepair
it was in.
I was like, if I was buried here, I'd be so mad.
And I don't think what I'm doing is disrespectful either.
Like it's, it's a way to memorialize or if, if I pass away, you guys suddenly and unexpectedly,
I know this is a morbid thing to talk about, but I should talk about it.
If I should pass away unexpectedly and quickly, absolutely, I want to become a Pokestop and
a portal.
So whether it's a bench with my name on it or whatever, absolutely, that is how I want
to be remembered.
So, all right.
Phoenix 7726 in chat says, Rob, are you going, Rob, are you going through an elder emo phase
of sorts?
I mean, I was always a little emo.
And actdeft in chat says, you're not wrong, Rob at all.
No, thank you.
Thank you.
That's my favorite phrase.
All right.
Anyway, enough of my gaming week.
I just had to talk about that a little bit.
Let's actually get into some gaming news and some other things that have happened around
the gaming world this week.
Sorry, I'm reading some more comments in chat.
Chronos Ode in chat says, cemeteries are some of my favorite places to go for peace and
quiet.
Exactly that.
Like people don't bother me.
They don't look at me funny.
Like everybody's kind of minding their own business.
I used to have picnics in cemeteries.
That's and you know what we would do?
We would do gravestone rubbings with chalk and paper.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, that's really neat.
I mean, I'm a kid.
Yeah.
I mean, and I don't again, I don't think it's I don't find myself being disrespectful.
I mean, if I was making noise and screaming and dancing and knocking things over like
somebody clearly did in this place, there's a graffiti too.
I would.
That's that.
I don't.
But I don't do that stuff.
Um, let's see.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, put on your tombstone, dear resistance.
Keep this portal.
Hell no.
Forever green.
All right.
Anyway, I suppose there's some people on resistance I like.
And I suppose if they wanted to visit once in a while, they could.
But this is very morbid.
So let's move on.
Let's talk about what's going on in gaming news around the industry.
So Loki, we'll start with you.
Yes.
So there is a very exciting new Lego set that's been announced that is going to celebrate
the 30th anniversary of the Nintendo Entertainment System.
And it is a Lego Nintendo Enter entertainment system.
So not only do you get the console, you get a controller, you get the Super Mario Brothers
game cartridge, which actually does plug into the console itself, but also a retro style
TV with a crank that moves a little scene in there that you can actually move Mario
up and down on as well.
And then, of course, if you have the starter kit for the new Super Mario Brothers Lego
sets, then you can plug that in on top and it'll play the Mario Brothers theme music
as well.
So it's coming out August 1st.
It's going to run two hundred and thirty dollars.
But wow, does it look amazing?
Yeah, I got to say this is I mean, the fact that it's a Nintendo set is cool, but even
if it wasn't Nintendo, this is probably one of the most badass Lego things I've ever seen.
Like this is next level.
But I can't with that price tag, I can't like not not for me, but I'm also I'm not the Lego
affectionate.
Some of the rest of y'all are low key.
So have you or did you drop the money on it or trying to?
Well, they don't they don't always for your other sets.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
You have to wait.
Bobby Black Wolf and Chad says, I'm getting this even at that price, not a scalper price,
though.
So I'm with you on that and I would never pay a scalper for it.
I was just about to ask you because you guys do some Lego collecting, right?
Just not a ton, right?
We do.
We we actually have like two Back to the Future sets, the DeLorean and two Ecto ones.
And I would really want this one.
But then again, we do have other things that we need to do.
So anyone want to buy a house for selling one?
Oh, actually, yes.
You want to live in a retirement community?
No, that no, I don't.
OK.
Yeah.
But it's funny to say that, though, you know, I really you know, we really are about to
start those conversations.
Right.
So we may have to talk.
Yeah.
But the other kind of funny thing with all that is.
OK, so so Bobby Black over the chat is I'm willing to pay 230 for it, not any higher
as to 100.
Matt says 250 was my max for it.
Thankfully, it was lower.
So you guys say that two thirty to fifty with Lego sets.
And my mind goes, I could get another arcade one up cabinet for 200 bucks, dude.
I'm telling you, I Placerville.
Has Pacman cabs for fifty dollars, 50, don't they've got a few left.
My husband will divorce me if I bring another one of those in this house.
I've been just sitting there.
I still want the Star Wars one.
Those are still in Roseville.
I'm going to be sending hubby on an errand.
Yeah, but that's the thing that was like like I don't like Pacman that much.
And so I'm like, no, I can't do that.
That's like that's the one you hack in it.
That's because surely, surely somebody's figured out how to hack one of those cabinets.
No, they already have.
I mean, they have tons of stuff.
There's a whole marketplace for that stuff.
But I would like something that's less that, you know, less that you need to modify to it.
Like, for example, a street fighter cab where it has six buttons for each player.
I mean, that would be ideal or like a the Ninja Turtles one would be pretty cool, too.
But those are still full price.
Wait, oh, wait.
I mean, at one time at one time, it's ridiculous.
At one time, the asteroid caps, they were clearing them out at a dollar, one dollar.
Like, how I don't understand what happens, didn't get snatched up by the employees.
I'm so upset because it's a space thing.
They do take up a bit of space like you can, you know, and they're not they're not for
every type of living space.
I don't even like having one in a rental.
I could imagine.
Loki, back when this show started, you and I used to live in an apartment.
You know what I was about to say?
Could you imagine us having one of those machines in the house?
But then I remember in that apartment, you had that fucking arcade cabinet that you
built in that apartment.
That thing was gigantic.
Oh, God, I wish I had a picture of it.
That's that's an ultimate.
It's an Ultimark arcade.
I think that's what the brand was.
The design was.
But yeah, it was a four player and you like players.
Wasn't our television in that cabinet?
Yes, the television was in the cabinet.
Yes.
I remember playing Dracula X on that thing, hooked up the TurboGrafx.
It's funny.
All right, anyway, all our collections and what they do to us, let's move on.
Let's talk about Cyberpunk 2077.
Some updates on that game this week.
Obviously, the game didn't come out.
But, you know, there's more interviews and things that are being done that are building
more hype for the game and a couple of interesting new features, if you will.
Coming out about the game this week.
So there was a Polish website, Spider's Web, that actually interviewed some of the
folks, lead quest designer in this case for Cyberpunk 2077, talking a little bit
about, you know, how the game works and the way you can play through the game.
What's interesting in the interview, the lead quest designer said, all the most
important choices in the game, all bosses and elite opponents, there is always a way
to go without killing anyone.
Sometimes aggression and fighting with an opponent is something that cannot be avoided.
It is not that you have to take someone's legs or arms, but it is also not so that you
can completely avoid the fight.
But you are able to fight in such a way that you only neutralize your opponents and thus
pass the game.
So in other words, if you want to be Batman and not actually kill anybody, that's going
to be an option to you in Cyberpunk.
I think that's kind of interesting, the kind of like pacifist approach to play the game.
And it sounds like it may not be the obvious way to get through the game either.
I suppose, spoiler alert, but this game is how many years old at this point?
It might be something like Undertale, where the fact that there is a pacifist approach
you can take in that game is not necessarily obvious at first.
You know what I mean?
Those of you that have played it.
So it'll be interesting to see what kind of playthroughs with that, especially now that
people know.
I'm sure there'll be some people that are looking for it.
And of course, some people that maybe aren't into the uber violence like myself, I'm not
really into uber violence.
That might be an interesting approach for me to take, knowing that I don't have to
dismember all these heads and things to actually win the game.
So that's kind of neat.
Also, on a related note with Cyberpunk 2077, also in that same interview, the game is
built in such a way where you can actually complete it without necessarily getting
through the main quest.
A quote on that, we built the cyberpunk structure based on the conclusions we drew
from The Witcher 3.
The Witcher had the main stem of history and side threads departing from it.
And this was our main structure, which we call the ear.
So in cyberpunk structure, we have this wheat spike, which serves as its center, the
main storyline with different subplots surrounding it, which can be triggered in
various ways.
Those subplots allow us to do something we've never done before.
They change the main plot of the game, and they're doing that in such a way that you
may not even finish the main plot, but still finish the game and get a completely
different epilogue than the player with a different life path who made different
choices, met different characters and form relationships with them.
So very interesting type of approach to the game where it sounds like it's going to be
very, I mean, there's open world games and then there's like open world games.
And this definitely sounds like it's going to be open in all sorts of ways that the
main quest isn't even necessarily what you beat to beat the game.
And I think that's kind of fascinating in a way.
I have to admit, I haven't been like as excited about cyberpunk just because I've
kind of chalked it up to it's one of those open world games.
I'm just not going to have the four hundred hours to beat.
But the more I hear about it, the more I'm kind of like, hmm, that's interesting.
I can't. They're doing some things with it.
Yeah, I know you're on their day one.
I know it, but we'll see.
Can't wait. Yeah.
All right. Moving on, Dark Sakura, I'm hoping you're still there.
And you've got the next story.
Yeah, I'm here. I just went off because I
don't think anyone wants to watch me eat my dinner.
I wish I had a way to turn my camera off because I was sitting here eating, too.
And I don't have a thing to take my camera off.
Sorry.
Well, at any rate,
there's also
updates on the horizon for PS Now
that basically in the form of a Sony patent
that was updated that included some different details.
So one of those things that they're talking about, the
the some of the services for PS Now going on to PS5 to allow older games to offer
segments that work as playable demos so they could cut up like different
parts of the game and share them with other people so that they can get a feel
for how the game is. Of course, there's no details
about how exactly that's going to work, but it would be.
But it's supposed to go on on PS Now.
The other talk is that it could also just
be for the sake of clips, but they're talking about it being something playable.
The patent description states in one embodiment, a method is provided for
creating a playable limited version of a video game and executed by a user of
a complete version of a video game.
So that's actually kind of cool.
Yeah, that would be good.
I just think it would be a really great way to to share experiences with people
and try to get other people to to get in on some of these games.
It definitely would spread the market
because I mean, how many times do we lend out demo discs and whatnot?
Kind of the same.
Yeah, it's it's a real novel approach of kind of taking this idea of like watching
a YouTube or a Twitch stream to kind of get a feel of a game.
It's really kind of taking that to the next level where it's like,
don't just watch this clip of the game, play this clip of the game.
I think that's that's a really interesting approach.
If that's again, we nothing is official until Sony says it's there.
But if that's true, that's that is neat.
That's that's a real next generation thing.
You can do better. You try it.
Yeah, it's well, it's an interesting
approach that nobody seems to be interested in in Stadia.
So, you know, Stadia's got this thing that will be out.
So this is you can play your favorite.
You'll be able to play with your favorite
creator while the world watches with crowd play.
So it means that people, I guess, will watch it live on YouTube.
And then you can join in against like
creators of the games and play versus on them, like bring about Dead by Daylight
and Super Bomberman are online, so I mean, that's cool and all.
But what are the odds you're actually going up against the developer?
Or are we talking about, like,
like essentially like a ghost racer in a game like Mario Kart or something or
like one of the developers is the ghost racer and you're playing against them?
I don't that makes sense.
It does. Or you could be playing with the
personal assistant of the second head of the unit.
I mean, not that I wouldn't mind playing with a personal assistant or anything.
I'm not putting that down, but I mean, I'm just saying it's kind of.
It could be anybody.
It almost sounds much like the
not necessarily demos, like special versions of the games that they put on,
like the Nintendo online and the Super Nintendo online.
They're little like, yes, so tell of you.
Oh, no, no, no, not necessarily that.
I'm talking about the ones where it's like, well, it's a safe state.
That's at the end of the game with all of this,
you know, all of these power ups and go play, you know, or oh, hey,
we started the game with like one hundred lives and all these equipment.
It's SP. It's the SP games like there's
the Kid Icarus SP that just starts you on the last level.
Or the Zelda SP that starts you with two hundred fifty five rupees or something
like that, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, you're right, it is kind of like that.
Interesting, but but you're only getting into though.
I mean, it's not like, yeah, you're at the end of the game with all this.
It's like, let me send you something
from the middle most boring part of the game, because I'm a good friend.
Here, do all this farming.
Welcome to my life or like a game like Celeste, I think is a good example, too.
Like here's see if you can beat this random fucking hard ass room and get
the strawberry that, you know, I could do earlier.
Here you go. Have fun.
That's as pretty neat.
I'd be very curious what the limitations are on something like that.
But it's it's a real rad idea.
I think so. Yeah, I think so, too.
All right. I'm looking forward to some of these newer developments.
I think the PlayStation stuff is becoming a little bit more exciting to me.
Yeah, well, and it's it's these types
of things that really start to feel next gen, so to speak.
Like, you know, again, from a technological perspective, you know,
how many more gigaflops or whatever can we get in the consoles?
I think it's really these sorts of ideas
that are going to start to feel like, oh, this is this is the next generation
of gaming, this is the next generation of sharing.
It's participating.
You know, it's going to be very interesting.
All right. Well, Loki, what are my chances I'll get a PS5?
Hopefully better than they would normally be,
apparently Sony has been ramping up production ahead of the launch of the
console, and they're expecting or at least targeting 10 million consoles made by
March 2021, so that would be within their fiscal year.
Yeah, I hope that's actually going to happen, and I hope that that means that
the console will be easier to get and that we're not going to have to,
you know, fight the black markets to get that stuff.
I'm thinking that maybe
obviously that they're going to want to try to ramp that up just in general,
because I think we're still going to be in like a pandemic scenario by the time
that stuff rolls around anyways.
And a lot of people suck at home, got to have something to do.
You know, it makes sense that you want to launch it with as many units as possible.
So I hope that's actually going to be the case.
And maybe, you know, that the whole COVID-19
situation doesn't affect production too much.
But we'll have to wait and see, I guess.
Or they may be just not going to have a problem selling those consoles because
it's going to be too damn expensive and no one's going to buy them.
Well, they're not making the consoles in
this country and they're not making them in Brazil or what's the other?
Is it Russia that's third right now?
So it's they're not making them there.
So, I mean, COVID, COVID is still a global issue,
but other countries have it in control.
This is this is it's really a U.S. problem right now.
I mean, in Brazil and other countries.
But we're number one.
Yeah, we're number one.
All right. We're winning.
It's all this winning I've been told about.
So anyway, sorry, we know and we shouldn't
make light of what is really horrific, but like in this type of
situation, like a morbid sense of humor is the only thing that's carrying me
through right now, because otherwise I would just be so upset and angry.
So.
Anyway,
let's see,
DJ Rama S talking about Sony versus Microsoft in chat saying,
regardless of which console drops first, I'll be getting the Xbox Series X first
between backwards compatibility and Game Pass.
I'm sold.
VG Realness in chat talking a little bit about the last story,
although it all ties into PlayStation 5, says at the same time,
a feature like that doesn't seem like something that needs a new console to pull
off. True, especially because SharePlay is
already something that exists on the PlayStation 4.
But since they are rebuilding the interface
completely for PlayStation 5, I would say there'd be a lot to go
with how seamless that is, how easy that is for them to build into that.
But you are right to the extent of they
could probably just build it into the PlayStation 4.
But I suppose it also goes back to what we were talking about at the very beginning
of the show is that Microsoft could stop charging for gold tomorrow if they want.
But there's something very symbolic about doing it with Xbox Series X that could be
very interesting if that does pan out and ends up being true.
It's almost almost like you kind of tie
that feature to the new generation, if that makes sense.
So anyhow, let's move on to our next story, which is something I would like to play
with backwards compatibility, even on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
Although knowing this game, it will probably get a rerelease on those systems
and will probably have even more features because this game just won't stop.
It's No Man's Sky.
And No Man's Sky got yet another big update this week.
What did they add? Something called Desolation.
It's a free update, as they all have been.
And now you have new freighters in the game.
And it's supposed to be kind of like a scary type of experience.
The freighters are procedurally
generated, like everything else in the game, of course.
And so wherever you find one, it'll be different every time.
You'll find ship logs, personal possessions,
and it'll talk about what happened to the crew that used to be there.
Yikes.
They brought a little bit of dead space into...
They brought a little bit of dead space in No Man's Sky.
That's exactly right.
You might find in these places the lights
are off or the gravity is off or the life support systems have gone wrong.
There will also be biological horrors that will be there to respond to you.
So that might be a little scary.
What is interesting, though, is that now,
if you didn't know, No Man's Sky truly is multiplayer now.
So you don't have to explore these things on your own.
You can do it with other people.
If you really want to kick up that horror,
don't forget No Man's Sky also got a VR update some time ago.
So you could do this whole thing in VR if you want,
if you want, underlined and italicized.
But yeah.
And of course, if you get through these
freighters, you get big rewards that you can use on your own starship.
And they say it will reflect the history of ships you've scavenged.
That's kind of interesting.
So, yeah, so that is yet another.
And of course, this update also comes
with bug fixes and the other types of minor updates.
But as much as it's almost meme-able
at this point that No Man's Sky got yet another update,
it is pretty awesome that this game that everybody hated right out the gate has not
stopped and has remained committed to filling out that full vision,
which quite honestly, if they had stopped six months ago,
I don't think anybody would have faulted them and said,
oh, you never delivered us a full game.
You know, they they've they delivered us
a full game and a lot of good stuff a long time ago.
But this like it almost feels like now they just want to one up their critics.
And that's fine, too, because the game just keeps going.
But, you know, I was talking about this
with Alan yesterday and he did bring up a good point.
And that was that he kind of like he was playing it for a little bit,
but almost got frustrated that whenever there was a big update,
it was like, I have to like relearn the game.
I have to like restart because all these things have changed in the game.
I don't think you necessarily have to restart.
But sometimes you just like there's that
psychological part that's like, I've missed all this stuff.
So I need to go back to the beginning and re-experience it all.
And so I kind of get that, too, where it's like, hey, guys,
hello, games, what you're doing is fabulous.
And we love that you supported the game this long.
But at the same time, could you kind of tell us, like, when you're done
so that we know it's it's safe to go exploring now and that it's I don't know,
like, is it's kind of a fine line.
What do you guys think in chat?
Do they keep building out the game or
is it time to just stop and let us experience what there is?
What do you think, Loki or Dark Sakura?
I still have to go back to play the game.
It's been a while and I've got a PC now, so I need to do that.
But I don't know if I don't know if I want to play it in VR and go into one of those
new freighters.
Well, I think that for them, this is actually kind of
a way to keep a franchise alive without actually having to do too much work to it.
Does that make sense?
Sure. I mean, I get it.
It is work, but it's I guess starting from scratch is a lot more work.
Creating No Man's Sky, too, is even more work.
I get it. Exactly.
So in this way, they get to keep
putting out more content
without having to go through all the.
The strains of
the best way to put it, without the strains of having to recreate their world,
it's just adding on and adding on like they've got infinite property and you're
just adding new it's like it's like Sarah Winchester in her house.
Or anyone who don't know,
you know, this is the Winchester Mystery House of Games.
No, that's right on the money.
That's that's a perfect answer.
No, that is the perfect comparison.
No Man's Sky is the Winchester Mystery House of Games.
You're absolutely right.
Yeah. And but hey, you know, she kept doing it until she died.
And nature tried to knock it over and guess what?
The house fucking stood.
So No Man's Sky is going to stand just like the Winchester Mystery House.
I think I think the Winchester Mystery House might be a local reference,
like most people from Northern California probably understand the joke.
There's that movie. Oh, that's right.
They made a movie out of it. I forgot.
It wasn't good, though. I don't think a lot of people saw it.
So if you don't want to see it, I love that place.
There's this woman and Winchester was like a gun company or something, right?
And she it was actually the Winchester Rifle Company.
Yeah, she there's this house in San Jose
and everybody knows it because everybody took a field trip there at some point
in their life while they grew up in this area.
And so she kept building and building and building to this house because she
believed she was being haunted or something like that.
Like the victims of the story.
The story goes is that because her husband's guns had killed so many
Native Americans that she that she thought she was being haunted by by their spirits.
She saw a medium who said that she wasn't
going to die until construction stopped on the house.
I mean, there's a lot there's she was a pretty private lady on top of it.
So there's really not a whole lot that's known.
But, you know, the house itself is absolutely amazing.
I've been on the extended tour.
Chris and I went before they moved out to Wisconsin.
I have a secret I've never been.
But I've beautiful I've done Rocky Horror
Picture Show in the movie theater next door.
And yes, there is a movie theater next door.
That was where I saw the labyrinth.
It's it's right in the middle of San Jose.
It's like they tear it down, though.
So the movie theater they did, they were going to tear down because we had
a mutual friend who was the manager there for many years.
That's right. Yeah.
So but they finally turn it down at any rate.
I mean, and you go into this and it's actually going back to No Man's Sky.
You go through and you have all this
discovery and you find these interesting little things and things that look like
their purpose, purposeless, I guess that's sort of making up just now purposeless.
Like she has a seance room that has a door that leads to a two story drop.
There are stairs that go to nowhere just to the ceiling.
She collected so much Tiffany.
There's like they've got a whole room dedicated to the Tiffany that she
collected and these teensy tiny little stairs.
But if you think about it again in terms
of the game being like the Winchester Mystery House,
doesn't the game have kind of weird dead ends like that, too?
So we have a we have a mutual friend and I don't want to out them here on the show,
but he lives kind of out in a rural area in a very kind of older home.
And we always kind of joke that he lived in the Winchester Mystery House because he
legit had this like room where, like, you would open a door and there just be a
brick wall there like, yeah, there was crazy stuff like that in the house.
And we're like, dude, your house is haunted.
But he loves it there.
So anyway.
All right. Sorry, we got on a tangent, but that's OK.
We're educated.
Let me ask you to have an email.
No. Oh, OK, I'll tell you later.
I'll text you. It's somebody local.
OK, OK, because I want to go there now.
OK, I texted you, OK,
but at any rate, at any rate, I'll just look at pictures of the Winchester Mystery.
Oh, OK, cool.
I love him. I haven't talked to him in so long.
Yeah, it's been a while for me, too.
But at any rate.
I think when you look at the Winchester
Mystery House and you look at the the game there, yeah, it is the Winchester
Mystery House of games, I feel confident in giving it that moniker.
No, that's great. And who even needs to expand on that?
OK. Hype mayhem.
I know you know what I meant.
He says, OK, not going to lie, even though I know what Jamie meant by Tiffany,
I also made a connection to the team from 80s that saying I think we're alone now.
Now, you know what?
Tiffany was a great singer.
She did more than malls.
OK, one point I have to get back to, though, that's very important with this is
that the whole and you brought up this idea of Dark Soccer with your Winchester
Mystery House comparison is that that there is particularly like new features
and new things that might expose the game to a new audience that hasn't experienced
the game yet. And a lot of you guys in chat are kind of when you hear that
they've built this jump scare thing in a no man's sky.
They've built a dead space type game.
A lot of you guys in chat are like, nope, nope, man.
Sky nope. And out of that, not for me, it's not what I want to do.
But if you think about it, and I'm sure all of you can see this,
there is an audience that loves scary games.
Look at some of the big stuff that streamed on Twitch.
A lot of scary games. Right.
And there's probably an audience out there that when they hear, oh, did you hear?
No man's sky has like a full on horror mode.
Now people are going to be like, what really?
I need to go back and visit that game or I need to pick that game up already.
It's on sale again or whatever it is.
So even though you might look at that feature and go, that's really not for me.
I think you can see where, oh, there's somebody else is going to look at that
and go, oh, I should check that out.
That's that's my jam.
I love horror games.
So kind of interesting anyway.
All right, let's move on.
More big stories.
I think this one's yours, Loki, or who's there?
Is it mine? Where are we at even?
It would be Jamie. Oh, it's Jamie again.
Yep. Well, shit.
I was going to eat some more pizza, but OK.
So there, you know, we often complain about Metacritic with, you know,
especially like when there's games that come out that people just want to
immediately poo poo on because they want to, you know, there was a woman
developed it or a writer or they don't like the storyline and they're just
really doing that soon now, you know, we call that review bombing.
Right.
So it's become such a big issue now that Metacritic announced that they're going
to delay user reviews for a video game for thirty six hours after the game's release.
And they quote that their decision is based on, here's the quote,
data driven research and with the input of critics and industry experts.
So here's the rest of it.
We recently implemented implemented the thirty six hour waiting period for all
user reviews in our game section to ensure our gamers have time to play these games
before writing their reviews, a Metacritic spokesperson said.
The new waiting period is for user reviews, for user reviews have been rolled out
across Metacritic's game section and was based on data driven research
with the input of critics and industry standards.
Now, we know that if they want to bomb it, they're going to bomb it.
But my hope with this is that they're going to.
They're going to, you know, kind of push people off that immediate thing
when they see that they can't get their
immediate reward out of it, then hopefully they're not going to do it.
Now, on top of that, just to add in another layer on things,
and this has actually been going on for quite a while, you know,
developers are really unhappy with how Metacritic was handling it before,
because, you know, some of those reviews are the lifeblood of of their their
careers, their games, you know, so.
I think this is this is a good step,
whether or not it will work remains to be seen, but, you know.
Yeah, with the whole Metacritic thing, I mean, I just just don't listen to user
reviews in the first place, that kind of would fix the problem, in my opinion.
Well, but the thing is, it's supposed to be, you know,
what's the word I'm thinking of, it's supposed to be
community driven as well.
So, I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, it's it's not going to stop
people from reviewing games on their Twitter account or on their Facebook feed
or on other places with social media or what have you.
But, you know, I guess Metacritic, if they want to stop being known as like the home
of terrible user reviews because games keep getting bombed because it's a game
for SJWs or whatever thing people are mad about with the with the games.
I I can understand where Metacritic's like,
we got to do something like this is getting crazy.
I don't think it's going to really I mean, maybe it'll just
calm them down a little bit, but like, I think they're going to still review bomb
and they'll review bomb in other places like Steam or something.
Yeah, that's true.
Do you do you think other you know, sometimes when a company does this,
it sets something in motion where like other companies start to follow suit a little bit.
Do you think Metacritic might be setting
a standard that sites like Steam and so forth are going to follow?
Although I don't know, Steam also just
shows like right there, like you've played for this many hours.
So you like you like know on Steam right away,
like this person actually played the game or they're full of shit.
Yeah, I don't know if that's going to necessarily I think that I know Metacritic
is kind of garbage when it comes to user reviews anyways.
I mean, that's what a lot of people think.
So it would be nice to have it not be garbage.
I don't know, I just kind of
just consider it just a complete garbage and look at the user reviews.
It's a good aggregate for like, you know, professional reviews, but
people want their voices heard and they're going to wait three days if they have to.
Or like I said, it's going to
it's going to make it not fun for them anymore having to wait.
And so there's not going to be any point in doing it.
Games do make so much of their buck right when they launch, though, you know,
like that that launch week, that launch day is so important that even delaying
that by three days might kind of sway things one way or another.
I look a lot with Mass Effect Andromeda, I think is a good example of that,
because remember how like a lot of the negativity for that game,
which, you know, in retrospect may have been too much,
really came out because it was released on that EA Access or whatever about three
days before the main might have been a little more like maybe like six or seven
days, but it came out a few days before it hit every other site.
And that's when people tore this game apart and we're showing off all the bugs
that hit social media and all this other stuff.
And it kind of did impact, I would say, how much that game sold on day one was
because EA did that preview for their monthly whatever peoples.
And I don't think like,
you know, my initial concern was that this is some other thing that they're going
to use, and when I say they, I mean, like the game industry is going to use
to try to hide negative reviews for, you know, legitimate stuff.
Like, for example, when they're adding loot boxes in, you know,
a lot of times you'll see these review
embargoes until, you know, the release date where they're hiding that stuff
in there so that people are unaware of it when they're making their purchases
or their preorders, when I don't think that's going to be
the case for this, I think it's more just to cut down on the garbage.
But you're just delaying the inevitable.
And if people are going to complain about game or if there's like something that is
really wrong with something, there's plenty of other outlets to complain about that.
Yeah, you are right in that.
They're going to just go to Twitter.
They're going to go to Facebook.
They're going to go to other social media platforms.
Twitter being the biggest one that comes to mind and and have their way there.
So
going to chat for some comments.
Quest Buster in chat says, I remember the early looks from Andromeda's
early access via EA Origins went viral over the flaws.
Yeah, that was that was a huge, huge, I think, faux pas to put.
I mean, it's a weird thing because I want to say it was really bad to put that out
early so that all those bugs could be called out.
But at the same time, those bugs needed to be called out.
That game was released half to bake, even though it was delayed a bunch of times.
It needed to be delayed one more time.
Cyberpunk has the right idea in that regard.
And, you know, if even though we can all
look at cyberpunk and go, oh, God, they are delaying that game again.
Well, do you want it to be?
Do you want it to be Mass Effect Andromeda?
So, you know, they might have to delay it again.
So.
All right. Anyway, let's move on.
We have some more stories, Loki.
All right. So like most things are convention related,
everything's kind of gone to this whole digital equivalent.
And that's going to be the same thing that's going to happen to QuakeCon,
which is held every year around August.
And so this year they're going to be doing in QuakeCon at Home 2020.
It's going to be set between August 7th and the 9th.
And they're going to have various events that are going to go along with that.
So they're going to have the global super stream.
It's going to feature news and different updates about Bethesda products.
They're going to have the QuakeCon Pro League and QuakeCon World Championships.
And yeah, they're also still having a prize pool up there.
So $150,000 up for grabs.
I'm not really I mean.
It'll be neat.
It's nice that they're going to be able
to carry on with this, even though they can't do an in-person event.
But
I don't know.
Not super excited about Bethesda these days.
I'm kind of like, let's see what the big news is that comes out about it.
You know, like if there's a new another Quake, I don't know.
What are we expecting that you're going to release another Quake game at some point?
Or is it still just about the champions game?
I don't know if there's any other news,
although I do see here in this article, they're talking about some new T-shirts
and those look pretty nice.
Like they have the Dovahkin and there's the Caddo demon.
But they're pretty cool.
I do still have a lot of love for classic
Quake, though, because I used to play that on LAN in college
with friends who had high speed Internet at their university.
And I would dial in and and play with them Quake.
We had a lot of fun with that.
And I think that was I think we would do
Team Fortress 2 back in the because, you know, that's where Team Fortress started
was a Quake mod, so it's good.
So what other what the other thing that's kind of cool about this, too,
is there are live streams that they're going to be doing as well.
They're going to be donating the proceeds to those two different charities.
So you have the Direct Relief UNICEF
for the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and the Trevor Project.
Cool.
And then they're also saying that you can
also donate as well to the Dallas Pet Alive and 4paws.
Very cool.
I love that they're turning it into a charity thing at this point.
So that's that's a good use.
Great. Yeah.
All right. Let's move on.
And this this kind of falls in the whole like rumors category.
But there's there's a little there's a little smoke with this one
that shows there might be a little fire.
And this has to do with some Twitter accounts that that were recently
registered and it appears they were registered by Nintendo.
There was a Twitter account called
at Super Mario 35th that was registered back in March of this year
that somebody recently found and it looks like, oh, there might be something
going on for Super Mario's 35th anniversary.
We had heard we've heard earlier rumors that Nintendo plans to do like re releases
of old Mario games this holiday and really kind of like, you know,
put out old Mario stuff again on the switch for this anniversary,
maybe like a souped up version of Mario 64, things like that.
Mario Sunshine might make a comeback.
We've heard these rumors before.
And now we see a Twitter account that kind of goes, oh, there might be something there.
Who knows now?
A lot of you probably thinking what I first thought when I saw this is I was
like, any idiot can roll a Twitter account with any name they want.
But I didn't realize you could do this.
One thing you can do on Twitter is you can go in and you can request to reset your
password. Well, I knew you could do that, but it actually shows you.
It says, like, you know, do you have your email address or whatever?
And it says email
with a link.
So that would be the email that's tied to the Twitter account.
Well, while you can't see the whole email, it masks it for privacy reasons that,
you know, whoever you don't want to be given out, especially like celebrities,
like you don't want to know the email behind Lady Gaga's account.
Right. That would be too much.
But what's interesting, it says email a link to it says ML and then a bunch of
asterisks, like it's somebody's name at and
blank, blank, blank, blank, dot, blank, blank, dot, blank, blank,
which is the perfect length for at Nintendo dot co dot JP.
And what somebody noticed is that it is the same email link,
like the same like chain of letters as
the official Splatoon JP account and the Smash Brothers JP account.
So it looks like this Super Mario thirty fifth may be something official.
But are you ready for the real whopper?
Because that isn't the only Twitter account that was made.
There is another Twitter account that was made.
And that it is at we're finally going to make an F-Zero game.
It Loki, it is at F-Zero, JP is the other that is no joke.
That is the other that is the other Twitter account.
Way to ruin my hype.
It really is.
OK, you know, I thought it was I thought it was a fucking joke, too.
And the same thing they went through and tried to reset the password.
And it's the same link such and such at at like, like, like.
So F-Zero JP appears to be an account.
Now, before we get too carried away, this could be a lot of things.
This could be just them protecting their IP, which Nintendo is notorious to do,
so that nobody else rolls this account.
It could be maybe we get a re it doesn't necessarily mean a new F-Zero game.
It could be a rerelease of F-Zero GX and AX, which I would be totally happy with.
To be quite honest, I'd be totally good with that.
It could be that. Who knows?
You know, there was a lot of rumors.
Again, now we're really going to the rumor farm, but whatever, who cares?
There was a lot of rumors
that one of the games that Nintendo bumped back from this holiday
that they've been working hard on was Mario Kart nine.
What if and humor me for a minute here,
what if somewhere along the way, Mario Kart nine became a new F-Zero game?
I mean, there's enough.
I don't see that.
Well, look at something like 250 CC, for God's sake.
It plays pretty crazy fast and there's
perfectly competent F-Zero tracks and stuff in Mario Kart.
Like maybe they decided to make Mario Kart
nine an F-Zero game instead somewhere along the way.
Again, I completely realize I'm being tinfoil, hatty and
you know, rumor mongering and all that stuff. Fine.
But this Twitter account is interesting.
It does appear Nintendo did register it.
So
SDG100Matt says, don't do this.
Don't mess with us like this.
Sorry. Orange Right says, I'll believe it when I see it.
Same at the end of the day.
Zetenchant says in chat says too late.
He opened the box. It can't be closed again.
Yeah, I went I went there.
Sorry. I bought a house there.
I live there.
What can we do?
Hype Mayhem says Mario Kart versus F-Zero.
That I wouldn't get.
I mean, in a way, you kind of already have that in Mario Kart eight,
but a full on versus, that would be a little weird to me because, you know,
F-Zero is supposed to be more science fictiony, but maybe maybe they're going
to take it in a cartoony direction. I don't know.
It's too early to say we have a fucking Twitter account and nothing else.
I just need Nintendo to have a direct already.
I think that's what we all want, but we'll see.
Who knows?
All right.
Whoo. All right.
Anyhow, enough of rumors with that, but that one got me really excited.
I'm still laughing that you kind of ruined the punch line there.
Loki would like, oh, what's it going to be, a new F-Zero?
Well, actually.
Well, actually.
All right, anyway, Dark Sakura,
you have another story for us before we get to our classic segment.
I do.
I think so about.
Yeah, yeah, I do.
Sorry, I was used to going right into my classic game.
So, yeah, anyway.
There is a Twitch streamer who built a computer inside of a video game
and it was done in let's see, it was.
Oh, my gosh, why can't I read so anyway,
a person named Tyler Hill built a reduced
instruction set computer RSC inside of another sandbox adventure game called
Astroneer.
He is kind of known for trying to build computers inside of video games.
So he actually posted it.
There's a link on Twitter to it.
And he did a demo.
It's actually out there public.
And he actually even explained how he did it.
So it looks like it's really just like a huge countdown.
So it's basically just very optimized
instructions, given a place to live in this game.
So I thought it was pretty cool.
But at any rate, yeah, it's it's it's a program ception, game ception,
compu ception.
No, it's that they built they built a game inside a game.
More like a counter inside a game.
But still, it's computing within computing.
Yeah, no, I think that's super cool.
Like, it makes me think of people that when they're like an emulator built
in Minecraft or something like that, I want to I don't know.
I might be just making shit up.
Gameboy emulator, I think at one time.
OK, so that's that's pretty cool.
But the fact that somebody kind of broke
it down even to like what a computer's kind of like bare roots are,
I think that's pretty cool.
And I love that they streamed it, too,
so that you can actually go back and learn something, so to speak.
So cool.
All right.
Well, now I suppose we can take a step back and take a look at Dark Sakura's
classic game of the week every week here on Orange on Tradio.
Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey,
you brats ought to be checking this game out this week.
But once a month in the year 2020, she, instead of spotlighting a classic
video game, likes to spotlight a classic pinball table.
And what is the table going to be this week?
I'm doing one that we're borrowing right now that is very stiff.
And I'm doing this in honor of the new
Sternbell Vira game that's coming out that.
Oh, my gosh, Rob, if you haven't seen it,
it's it's pretty, pretty cool.
It's a
got one of the video screens and everything.
And it plays back like old black and white B movies while she does
commentary on it, Elvira's House of Horrors.
But we're not talking about the new pinball.
We're talking about the old pinball.
So
scared stiff came out in 1996.
It was designed by Dennis Nordman, released by Midway as Bally.
And it features Elvira, the actress of the dark.
And it's the follow up to 1989's
Elvira and the Party Monsters was also designed by Nordman.
Now, the reason I didn't go with the one
in 1989 because I'm pretty much doing 90s and up for pinball.
I'm basically picking where we started getting the DMDs and everything.
So not any of the little ticker bars like Black Knight, the one before was very much
like the same type of scoring like Black Knight did.
But anyway, the game, of course, has a B movie horror thing.
You have to go through tales of terror
to level up on the Stiff-O-Meter and you have Eyes of the Boating Beast,
Terror from the Crate, The Stiff in the Coffin, The Monster's Lab,
Night of the Leapers, and Return of the Deadheads.
You also have an interactive back box that has a spinning slider,
sorry, a spinning spider, my gosh, and you use it to collect different
features and start special modes, and it uses the DSC sound system.
It was
one of those games that when they did the exhibition at the 1996 AMOA show,
Miss Cassandra Peterson showed up as Elvira to promote the game.
Pretty cool.
Now, it was supposed to have these little rubber bogeyman features,
slingshots that were supposed to move forward with the kicker.
It was when you hit the slingshot and the ROM still allows the bogeyman to dance
with the music from the bogeyman boogie mode,
but they removed it late in production because the arms were,
they thought they were going to break off
because there's an opening between the slingshot plastics
that's actually still present that you can
go in and there's even something about it in the game's manual.
So since the code is still there,
people have added the bogeyman modifications back to their games.
You can buy them
at freeplayamusements.com, it looks like.
Or you can look for them at Robertwinter.com.
I think it's supposed to be re-release, he's re-releasing them.
But at any rate, going now to the specifics
from IPMD, the Internet Involved Machine Database,
it
actually is a really amazing machine.
You can look at all the specifications on it there, the back glasses screen.
I think what I linked was a pinball arcade or something like that.
But the game's really, really super fun.
And, you know, it's got a great theme because Elvira is just absolutely hilarious.
She is a queen, she is a drag queen, and she did it perfectly before
a lot of our modern queens owe their stuff to Elvira, I'm just saying.
But at any rate, it's really amazing.
If you never have played it, you need to find it.
And there's another note that there's a skull pile in the upper right corner
of the play field that do not have light up eyes in the production games.
So if you see any games that have LEDs in the skull, this is after Factory,
as were, of course, the bogeyman characters.
So there you go.
The classic game of September 1996 is Scared Stiff by Bally Midway.
And one of my very favorite tables as well, because I love Elvira.
How can you not? Decontaminate yourself from play.
I know, right?
So I've been stuck in this house since March.
Haven't been able to do anything.
If you haven't been around other people for two weeks and you're not sick.
There's that whole thing that happened with my dad.
So technically, I'm not at two weeks out, you know, so.
But at any rate, see, listen to us.
We're being responsible.
We quarantine before we make any plans.
And it's all masks all the time.
So speaking of which, I'm putting my mask back on.
Oh, yes. I can go back on camera.
Because you're about to bid us adieu tonight, right?
All right.
I forgot the song.
Crap. Oh, well.
And you don't forget, your mic gets really quiet when you have that mask on.
I know. Here, I'll put it under.
Oh, it's in my mouth now.
All right. I'm filling this with rosemary and rose petals.
So it's Rose Rosemary or maybe Rosemary Rose.
I am coming to stick the cocaine in you and use my leeches to get rid of the nasty
humors that are causing your illness.
Oh,
beautiful. Thank you so much.
So my Oscar pitch,
it's in the mail.
Anyway, I know you have to bid us adieu, but take care.
Thank you for being here.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
They'll be stupid.
Good advice. Thank you.
I'll take that to heart. Wear your mask.
Wash your hands.
If you've been around people for any reason, take two weeks to decontaminate.
Make sure you're not sick.
Oh, and good news, my mom does not have the COVID.
I totally forgot to ask you that question on air, but I know you told me that off
air, but yeah, great.
Thank you for confirming.
Does not have the COVID.
So that's good news.
Hope she feels better nonetheless,
because obviously whatever she has is pretty shitty like a flu or something.
But I sent her I sent her vitamins and feel good stuff.
So I'll check on her.
But everybody be smart, take care of yourself.
Be healthy, be safe and be intelligent.
All right. Because if you're not, I'll make fun of you and then stay, you know,
miles away from you. All right.
With love. Sounds good.
Take care, Jamie.
Bye. Bye.
All right. We're going to move on with rapid fire news.
Logie.
You want to unmute yourself, Logie?
It would be easier to hear you. I want to do that.
Yes. Yes, very good.
So apparently there's been a lot of people upset with the fact
that Rockstar Games hasn't updated Red Dead Online in a while.
So they haven't had a major update in over seven months,
with the last one being in December of last year.
And so to kind of protest that the users online have been dressing like clowns.
So they're bringing in the clowns to protest the fact that
this isn't a joke to them.
I think that's funny because the whole clown clownery is kind of like a meme online.
And so there's all sorts of, like, clown memes out there.
You know, when you do clownery, the clown come back to bite,
you know, those sorts of things.
So I love that they're actually, like, dressing.
Like, how big of a clown can you be in Red Dead?
Like, can you full on, like, red nose Hong Kong?
You can do some pretty decent clown makeup in there, at least.
Yeah, it looks period accurate clowning.
All right. Pure clownery.
So that's what they're doing to protest that.
Which, yeah, I mean, I get it.
Maybe they just don't make this.
Rockstar is probably not bringing as much money with Red Dead Online,
but they've never really kind of given it the same attention as Grand Theft Auto 5
or Grand Theft Auto Online.
So,
yeah, you get what you put into it, I guess.
Yeah, for sure.
And then more movie news coming out and just as crazy as some of these other movie
ideas that they've had with, like, the Saints Row movie and stuff.
This was another one that I would definitely want to see.
Just Cause.
So Just Cause has finally secured a director,
Mike Douse, who I guess he had shot, let's see,
a metal mockumentary FUBAR, the F word, some episodes for that.
And, of course, the show that's on, I think, Hulu right now, Future Man.
And then they have Preacher.
So I don't see necessarily a lot of movie stuff there.
But yeah, if they can keep it as crazy
as the game, then I'm all in because that game is absolutely nuts.
Sounds like something up your alley.
Oh, yeah. All right.
Crazy.
Moving on, some other rapid fire news.
For those of you guys that don't like to download your games or buy them online
and you prefer to install them the old fashioned way and talking about PC games,
you have quite the option for Microsoft Flight Simulator.
You can actually buy a version of Microsoft Flight Simulator,
which is a 90 gigabyte game that will actually come on ten different DVDs.
That's right. Ten different DVDs.
Because apparently, and Jason was kind
of hinting at this in the intro a little bit for tonight's show.
Apparently, a lot of computers don't actually have Blu-ray players in them.
DVDs a little more standard, not to say.
I mean, I'm sure many of you in chat are like mine as a Blu-ray player.
Yeah, some of them do.
But because Blu-ray didn't really catch on as like a standard for digital medium,
I think a lot more computers kind of have DVD built in.
And Flight Simulator is one of those games.
I mean, it's truly for people of all ages.
But there is like an older audience,
especially retired pilots and older folks
that maybe don't actually get to get out and fly like a regular plane.
I would say that Microsoft Flight Simulator is actually has a good sales
block from this group of probably older folks who don't do the steam
and the online stuff, who have to do something a little more.
And I'm using my quote fingers old fashioned.
And so installing from the DVDs might be the way to do it.
So it actually, you know, as much we're kind of like laughing at it,
because like 10 DVDs to play one game, that's crazy.
Although, you know, back in the day,
I remember when it was those three and a half inch floppies.
And I think it was like King's Quest five or six was on like 14 disks to install.
Well, I mean, a gigantic game that would take a long time.
But hey, I mean, if you're strapped for bandwidth, you know,
and that's 90 gigs that you don't have to download or you you live in a place
like Alaska or something that doesn't have, you know, well, obviously,
if you live in like Juneau or one of the big cities.
But, you know, again, if you're a retired pilot, chances are you probably live
somewhere pretty remote on your nice little ranch somewhere.
And you may not have that kind of Internet, you know.
Yeah, yeah. So I think I think it's really interesting.
So they say the simulator is 100 percent the same.
The box retail version just has a nice
box and about 90 gigs that you don't have to download.
There's no difference between box retail
and the version that Microsoft sells directly.
It's kind of kind of interesting.
But yeah, I think this is really to address like an older audience that wouldn't
necessarily buy a lot of other games, so to speak.
And SGA 100 Matt says, Where is Legend of Zaku?
He's the flight simulator buff, but also an excellent example of the fact
that when I say like the older audience is an audience, it's clearly not the only
audience, Zaku is not over the age of 65.
In fact, he's quite younger than I am and enjoys flight simulators.
There's people that enjoy flight sims of all ages, of course.
And so there's many people that will just do the 90 gigabyte download, I'm sure.
I just think it is kind of interesting that a game like this kind of has to still do
an old fashioned, so to speak, route, probably for a certain chunk of its audience.
So TigerClanChat says, Imagine how many floppies this game would take.
Yeah, but counterpoint, as fun as that is
to imagine how many computers actually have floppy drives anymore.
I remember it was like an ingress thing or something.
Something happened where like there was a three and a half inch floppy.
Somebody found and I think it was an ingress thing.
We had to get the contents of the disk.
Nobody on the team had a fucking three and a half inch floppy drive.
Nobody had a drive to do it.
Like, so now to find a working floppy drive is actually a challenge.
And again, I'm sure there's somebody in chat that's going to go, I've got one.
It works. OK, but you do realize you're one of only a few.
And they have USB.
Like, it's very easy to find, like a USB, $20, like floppy drive type of thing
so that people can get old pictures and old media and things like that.
There's certainly plenty of uses for it.
But I think we all know that isn't common.
DVD drives are common now in computers and have been for over 10 years,
probably more like 15 years, probably even longer than that shit.
Probably closer to 20 years in computers.
So, yeah.
Anyway, looking in chat, Tigerclass says, I bet you can find on eBay.
Of course, S2100Matt says, yeah, Newegg has a bunch.
Yeah, of course. Yeah.
Again, I'm not saying these things don't exist.
I'm just saying they're not common in computers anymore.
And that was the idea behind this was
how do we what is common in computers if somebody doesn't have the right Internet?
Now, PodCulture in chat says, wonder why they couldn't go USB.
Even old computers have that.
That's actually a good question.
It's probably cheaper to actually do the 10 DVDs.
It's cheaper to press this than it is to purchase a USB and have that available.
Some of those USB sticks, though, are pretty.
But maybe a 32 and a 64 would still be pretty cheap.
Once you start to go past that, it probably gets a little more pricey.
And it probably isn't, you know.
But for a collector's edition or
something, I don't think PodCulture's idea is necessarily bad.
No, it's not a terrible idea.
I don't think they want to spend that money,
whereas it costs since to press a disk, so I don't know.
And even on top of that,
even after you've installed everything off that disk, you still have to download
updates that are significantly large.
Now, DJ Rama S. brings up a good point
saying, interesting that you discussed this.
I'm looking to buy a new computer case to rebuild my PC into.
And 90 percent of cases out there don't support spaces for DVD or Blu-ray drives.
Well, now it's the opposite problem.
Why should they?
What what what even comes out on DVD and Blu-ray anymore?
Microsoft Flight Simulator.
Well, you can always just get a USB drive.
I mean, that's what you're and
there's a great application of PodCulture's idea.
It's a USB drive now.
No, I mean like a USB DVD drive.
Oh, yeah, no pleasure.
My first my first CD burner was an external that was through USB.
You remember that?
Because I think it was on the O.L.R. computer, the one in the garage for a while.
My first CD was it my first CD drive was a SCSI and an external SCSI card.
Now, so that was fun.
I remember my old work,
who remembers these?
I used to have the zip drive at work, which was those gigantic fucking disks.
Was it 100 megs that they held or 100 gigs?
It was 100 megs.
And so, yes.
So previously I used to have a pretty decent Internet.
This is back when I was on like dial up.
So I had decent Internet, like.
At work, so I used to put on zip disk.
Not everybody knows this,
but I used to do light publishing work like way back in the day.
And so some of the layouts, they were too big for a normal disk.
And this zip drive was like maybe like
two years before, like CD burners were commonplace.
So we actually had the zip drive thing and I used to used to save it to a zip
drive and FedEx it to the main office to be in the magazine.
That's how we would send the files back
and forth, because you couldn't like 100 make you couldn't send a print layout.
It was way too big of a file, but like the drive was like the perfect media for it.
And then before zip drives, it used to be zipping it up and disk
spanning, which, oh, God, and I would do that with like 50 days.
Oh, yeah. With shareware.
Yeah. Hell yeah.
Not necessarily shareware with step files.
Oh, God.
All right.
I love that.
We got to move on. We still got more show to cover here.
And let's talk about EA.
EA is going to remove the Washington football team's name in Madden 21.
I'm sure you guys all heard the Washington team.
This is how much I follow sports.
Everybody, you ready? You all ready to make fun of me?
SSG one hundred. Matt, you got your popcorn ready up until this week.
I always thought when they were talking
about the Washington football team, it was Washington State.
I thought they were in like Spokane or something.
I did not realize until this week that that team was a Washington DC team.
That's how much I follow football.
I'm so embarrassed, but also not like come on.
But yeah, so that team, as you know, is changing their name.
We don't know what the new name is going to be yet.
But Madden 21 has already responded.
EA saying they're going to make some changes there.
So they will have that fixed in Madden 21.
I imagine that's going to be in a patch
maybe because Madden 21 comes out on August 25th.
So it's very likely it's already gone gold.
I don't know.
But there will be a generic Washington name and logo first and then they will
patch in whatever is decided later on.
So I think it's just going to be Washington with no name and like a W on
the hat or something, and then they will patch in whatever they actually decide to
do when that's all figured out. So there you go.
And I got to look at chat and see if there's any comments.
SGA 100 Matt says, actually, that's not that bad.
Oh, thank you. You all are so nice.
SGA 100 Matt says, although the last
Magfest you were at, Rob, that football team took up part of the hotel.
I didn't even realize.
You say that it makes sense.
But anyway,
Bobby Black Wolf says the Onion had a great article about how they were finally
changing the offensive part of their name and changing their name to the DC.
Old name. This is funny.
All right.
Moving on, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
I need to step away real quick.
Loki, I'm going to do Japanese releases first, if you don't mind.
So that gives you a nice little buffer time there.
All right. So let me do the Japanese releases real quick here.
So coming out in Japan this week,
first off on the Nintendo Switch coming out,
I think Call of Cthulhu is the only game this week on the Nintendo Switch.
That is coming out on the twenty third.
And then on the PlayStation four this week over in Japan,
Sengoku Basara for Sumer Gari.
And that's a anniversary edition.
So that is a price reduction of a game from Capcom.
I'm trying to see if this is one that I recognized.
Sengoku Basara is this.
This is Dynasty Warriors, no, because they don't count as make that game.
It's it's like Dynasty Warriors, it's Capcom's version of that.
Yeah, I can't remember the name of it here.
I'm sure somebody in chat will type in all the things for Sara here.
They call it that here.
They gave it a different name on the like it was on the Wii or
something or maybe it was around the time that we was around.
They call it something different, but I don't remember what it was.
But I think they still call it Sengoku Basara.
Gotcha. All right.
I will be right back, Loki.
OK, let's see.
So in the U.S., we've got a few things coming out this week.
So Rock of Ages three, make and break on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, Xbox one and Stadia carry on,
which is from Devolver Digital.
That's going to be on PC, Nintendo Switch and Xbox one.
Crisis remastered on Nintendo Switch,
Tannenberg on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
And last but not least this week,
actually, that would be last and not least.
So Tannenberg it is.
And then we've got for the UK,
New Super Lucky's Tale on PlayStation four
and Human Fall Flat on PlayStation four, Nintendo Switch and Xbox one.
And then finally,
that's it, I guess. Very limited.
Lots of stuff coming out next week, though.
I've got Destroy All Humans or the week after next Destroy All Humans with that remake.
And it's been a while since I played that.
They'll be coming out on consoles very soon.
And until then, I guess we can talk about Minecraft since Rob's not here.
So as you see, like this video that's
been playing in the very background here of my image, it's actually a survival server
that we've been doing for about four months, I think, because we did have
a world that started off with my kids, but we finished that very fast
because they wanted to kind of cheat their way through everything and finally
convinced them again to start from scratch and not cheat.
So we've been doing that for a while, finally finished
taking on pretty much all the challenges of this.
The last thing we have to do is actually the woodland mansion.
But we did the sea or was it the ocean monuments?
We did two of those yesterday.
And so I'd actually physically take took down one whole monument.
And I'm going to turn the other one into a guardian spawner.
So that'd be fun. I'm back.
Thank you for buying time.
No, that's good.
That's no, that's good. That's good.
I can hear on my monitor here, so that's good.
All right, awesome.
We're going to go to the mailbag.
So every week you guys send us emails, participate at orangelandradio.com
and we read some of our favorites here on the show.
So we have a couple of emails here tonight and we're going to start tonight
with an email from good old YYR, creator of such
classic games available on Steam,
such as multi super multitasking,
such as names that escape me in the moment,
Sharpshooter, Bungee Ferret tossing, although that's not on Steam right now.
But it's, you know, check out his site, YYRgames.com.
It goes over everything.
Hello, LR. Towards the end of the July 5th show,
you mentioned DDR A20 Plus, new level check feature.
I find it to be one of the really interesting additions to this new version.
So I figured I'd explain how it works.
This special stage will begin playing automatically if the first stage has
failed and if at least one player has never passed a level seven or higher song
or did not log in with the amusement pass.
The machine will proclaim, let's see your moves.
And we'll begin playing one of A20 certified bangers.
This beat is with a special chart.
This full length chart starts off very easy, which is occasional simple steps,
but ramps up in difficulty as you play,
testing you with jumps, free zeros and some mix ups.
If you miss 20 steps, you will fail out.
But the other player can keep going if they're doing better.
Just as with the tutorial, you can also choose to skip this stage entirely
by pressing the green button on the machine.
If you don't skip, then you'll get a results screen after the stage is played
and it'll show a recommended level for each player between one and six
or simply over six if you aced it.
That's a pun.
It will also show some chart recommendations,
but since it only picks from default songs added to A20,
plus the pool it picks from is rather small.
Finally, if at least one player logged
in with their amusement pass and premium play was used,
the game will proceed to the second stage as usual because three songs are guaranteed.
If not, the game ends there and you'll have
to play again if you want to try the recommendations.
Still, I think it's nice that you get
to play a bit longer if you bomb out of the first song.
Yeah, it's one of those things where like now that you're explaining it,
I'm like, damn, that would have been awesome in DDR back in the day.
Like a song to measure like this is the level of song you should be trying right now.
Why don't they should put that in like BeatMania 2DX and there are other games
which I realize, man, I wish we had BeatMania 2DX at home.
I so wish we had that, but I guess that's another story.
All right.
Anyway, I'm actually taking a peek at chat real quick.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, oh, that sounds cool.
Hopefully, if we ever get out of this COVID thing and I can find a machine,
I'll definitely play some A20 plus.
Yeah, for sure.
That's where I'm at, too, is it's like, all right.
Any day when COVID is done.
OK.
Moving on
to the rest of that email.
I didn't finish the email.
It seems that this feature is intended for brand new players who have no idea what
to pick and wind up choosing something too difficult.
Unfortunately, this is also the sort of player who typically walks off after
the first song, whether they pass or not.
Oh, well.
Before I go, I want to mention an interesting
bit of news that may or may not have made the show roll.
It appears that as of today, it is no longer possible to purchase a 12 month
Xbox Live Gold subscription digitally, which, of course, we did talk about at
the beginning of the show, but let's get YYR's thoughts.
The one month and three month options remain and their prices are unchanged,
but the 12 month options vanished entirely from the Xbox dashboard.
Immediately, I thought of Rob's past speculation that Microsoft may choose
to make online player free in the future,
or this may just be a heavy handed way to steer folks towards Game Pass Ultimate.
But if they want to really make headlines on the Series X launches,
dropping paid online multiplayer would be one way to do it.
What do you think?
Well, I think I made my thoughts on this at the beginning of the show known,
but I appreciate you because you've been a big Microsoft guy for a while now.
I know in the early days and I didn't even own an Xbox one.
You're kind of sometimes setting our path right on some assumptions we made about
the system that we weren't always right about.
So the fact that I know you're kind of coming to the same conclusion that my
crazy speculation did a few years ago is actually oddly comforting.
So we'll see what becomes of it.
And that's what I think.
Anyway, thanks again for putting the show together and have another great week.
Wishing he could actually go play DDR without risking his life.
Aaron Yyr. Same, same.
And I really hope we get to the other side of this before too long.
Anyway,
there is some pretty exciting stuff, speaking of DDR,
that I saw on Twitter this week.
So there's been a lot of development in producing a DDR omni mix,
which is basically hacking the old System 573 mixes
to put whatever songs you want on there.
And pretty exciting stuff I saw where they've mixed up the song list to add
stuff that's been taken out of Extreme and removing other songs like Let Them Move.
And
yeah, very exciting to see where that goes, since I have a modded system to do that.
Of course, I also have set mania, so it's kind of irrelevant, but still would be neat.
That's still neat.
I'd be curious to see where that goes. Cool.
All right. We have one more email tonight from AJ Twist.
I haven't heard this name in the email bag for a long time, so good to have you back.
AJ Twist emails us saying, Good evening, OLR.
Long time listener. Third time writer.
I know you've written us before, but all right.
I've had an itch for a new music rhythm game for a while now.
We've got a lot of music stories tonight.
I don't mind.
A few months ago, I saw someone streaming Spin Rhythm XD and had to try it out.
It almost plays like DJ Hero.
It was $15 on Steam.
I'm not sure if it's available anywhere else.
It seems you can use almost anything for a controller.
The button options are pretty wide.
You can play it with keyboard and mouse or a controller.
The craziest thing is the ability to use a midi turntable to play.
Well, that's pretty cool.
The game is not as polished as DJ Hero.
It almost has this frequency amplitude look, in my opinion.
It's a great game and has great music.
Ten out of ten recommend.
Have any of you heard of it or played it? AJ Twist.
I must admit, I'm going to open this.
I have not, AJ Twist.
I'm going to open it to chat to see if there's any further opinions.
Spin Rhythm XD.
Yeah, I've heard of it.
Oh, you have heard of it?
It's on my wish list.
I just haven't bothered to buy it because I know I'm not going to actually play any of it.
But yeah, it looks pretty cool.
I think it does work with the DJ Hero controllers, too, if you have that in there.
But yeah, pretty much any sort of like midi or just any sort of like
turntable or dial or something that you use it because the way that works,
there's like an actual
a bar that basically you're just moving back and forth between the different
lanes in there and you can, you know, spin everything around and stuff.
It looks pretty cool.
I just think that
probably wouldn't play it.
I'll have to check it out.
I almost picked it up in the last sale.
I'm very curious about the music because
I imagine a fifteen dollar game probably didn't license music.
So it probably is more like twenty bucks right now.
So, I mean, it's...
Did they license music or is it original artists?
Not that that's bad, but
part of part of what made DJ Hero very
appealing was that the mashup mixes were A plus like that.
What was it was Mary J.
Blige, All of Me and Queen's Radio Gaga is still like just like just like a song
that I love, like that mashup is so stinking good in that game.
There's a lot of like great mashups in that game.
But obviously that took some big record
label maneuvering from a huge ass company like Activision to make happen.
So, again, I'm not I'm all about indie artists too and up and comers and so forth.
So I'd be just curious to hear how the songs are.
OK, so like some of the like artists I recognize on this list, which probably is
not going to be very many, Tokyo Machine.
So they did a lot of stuff and they have Beat Saber.
And, of course, in
Oh, God.
How's that really popular game?
I can't remember.
Anyways, yeah, Beat Saber, I know they have some songs in there.
Rocket League, that's what I'm saying.
Sorry. And
what else? So the other artists that they
mentioned on here, Rogue, Nitro Fun, Hyper Potions, Tut Tut Child, Panda Eyes,
Terminite, Pegboard Nerds, Tristem, Bracken.
I haven't heard of a lot of these.
A Tokyo Machine is the only one I know and their songs are awesome.
So, OK, but it's like it's like other it's
folks that have either they're indie completely and this is their first
experience or like they were artists for other games.
That's pretty cool, though.
Yeah, Rocket League has a sweet soundtrack, so that's cool.
Some comments from chat.
Tiger Claw says, I have a real live version of DJ Hero and I mean, I have an actual
DJ controller. I play with it from time to time when I
want to play around with my music to see how they mix.
Well, speaking of music, mixing that harmonics game is on the horizon, too.
I mean, that's not really a DJ Hero game.
It's their card game adapted for consoles.
But I think people are going to have fun doing mashups with that.
Anything with Carly Rae Jepsen songs is going to be a blast.
Can you name anybody more perfect?
I'll wait. OK, I'm done waiting.
Moving on.
We also have Dark Tetsuya says, I've heard of it.
It seems cool.
I just need to get a hold of my turntable controller.
And let's see.
I thought there was another comment on that, but that's all I see in the moment.
So, yeah, it sounds like a neat game to me.
I'm probably going to check it out based on your email recommendations.
So thank you for the email, AJ Twist.
Appreciate that. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to send us an email for a future week.
In the meantime, let's move on to some other stories.
Loki.
Yes, so one of the other kind of digital
things that they did this week was with Google Stadium making more announcements
about their console.
So the Stadia Connect event,
they did talk about some more games coming to the platform.
So Forks Must Die 3, which was supposed to be free with Stadia Pro.
They did announce that Super Bomberman R Online is coming.
So it's like a Bomberman battle royale game with 64 players.
And then
I want to say that they also had announced that there's a new harmonics game coming
to the platform, which is kind of interesting.
And then also Uppercut Games, which did City of Brass.
And then Supermassive Games, who are behind Until Dawn.
I'm curious to see how the harmonics stuff works out, considering that it's going to
really have to be low latency to do a music game.
Yeah, that's a pretty gutsy thing to put on a system like Stadia.
But having played a little bit of Stadia in those first couple of months,
thanks to the buddy pass that Mr.
Blackwolf gave me, I was playing things like Destiny and Thumper.
I remember playing, which is kind of a music game.
It's not quite as intense.
I want to say it's not quite as intense,
but actually it's probably more intense because it's like a music horror game.
But you know what I mean? Like the accuracy isn't quite, it's a little different.
You have a little room for error in that game.
But my point is, both of those games played pretty darn well, all things considered.
So it's almost like, and has Harmonix developed a non-music game?
And I think they did an itoy game.
I think they did the itoy skater game.
But that was like 20 years ago, 15 years ago, a long time ago.
Yeah, I can't think of any.
Yeah.
So
now they could be doing something a little more like the drop mix
fuser or whatever they're calling it on console.
They could be doing something more like that that maybe doesn't have the strict timing.
But it could be a very interesting flex for Stadia to have something that requires
precise timing and it works well. And honestly,
any comments I've had about Stadia really aren't about the technology.
The technology is good.
It's a good technology.
It's just going to be like, all I'm saying is like come Thursday,
if even if they weren't like Microsoft wasn't announcing free online or whatever,
it's still a hard sell already when you've got their library,
hundreds of games that are part of Games Pass.
It's almost the same price as the Stadia cost.
Plus, I would trust Microsoft more with purchases than I would Google,
just because this platform is relatively new.
Google has the tradition of shuttering a lot of these platforms early on if they
feel that they're not being popular.
I just
am having a hard time.
I know these announcements, they want to make me believe that Google
is going to invest in this for the long haul and so forth.
And again, we still haven't even had
the rollout of Stadia in the browser boom for everyone.
I think many of us suspected we would have that by now.
I don't know if Covid is to blame or some type of underestimation of the project is
to blame or a combination of those things.
Whatever point is, we don't have it yet.
And I think many of us thought we would.
This announcement about Harmonix and
the folks behind Until Dawn making games for Stadia, that is very exciting news.
This is news we should have had a year ago when they first unveiled things,
whether they've been sitting on it or whether these deals were recently inked.
I suppose we'll never know.
But I feel like this news is going to get lost.
This news is going to get really lost.
Like you said, Microsoft's got a big event this week.
Sony's got PlayStation five.
I feel like this news without any type of
footage or anything or something to really get us pumped up is going to get lost.
And people are going to forget.
Some of the other games that they're talking about coming to the platform are
obviously games that have been out for a little bit already.
So we have PGA Tour 2K21.
OK, I'm going to stop you right there, because let's be let's be real.
Let's be completely real.
This doesn't matter.
Like old games and we're releasing shit that already came out a year or two ago.
It's not going to matter.
Like, is anybody is anybody going to be
buying stuff on Stadia that they've already bought two years ago?
No, no. And so sorry, I don't mean to disrespect you,
Loki, or the news you're trying to read, but I think the reality is that this news
doesn't matter and this is this is the problem that we you had right out the gate.
What are our launch titles?
A bunch of shit from two years ago.
So right, and I just don't know how they make themselves relevant.
I thought that with, you know,
having it's really like I said, back when I was talking about choosing consoles,
you know, it's really the exclusives that are going to bring it to the platform.
And then having the vast library will kind of keep you there as well.
I just don't see the exclusives for Stadia.
It just seems like a fad.
And honestly, by the time they get it right, it's going to be too late, I think.
Yeah, I'm I'm really worried about Stadia from that perspective, too.
Like we we should already have the Stadia for everybody.
I don't I mean, I don't understand why we're still waiting on that
because technically they're kind of giving out pro for free because like you can get
that trial or whatever and you can play it in your browser.
Like they need to stop making it like, oh, you're signing up for a pro.
They need to make it like you just you're
logging into your Google account and it has Stadia on it.
Like it's like it's drive like Google Drive or Google Docs or whatever.
Like it's just Stadia is one of those things you can just go like they need to,
you know, and I realize, oh, it could be a bandwidth thing.
It could be like we're past the time where it should have already been something
that everybody can just easily access every day that we don't have.
That Stadia is going to fall further and further behind.
That's the reality.
And these game announcements,
especially the stuff that's years old that people have already bought or got for free.
How many of the games that they've
announced on Stadia has Epic Games Store already given away for free?
Quite a few.
Like the two of the games that they had on there were hit me at one at two.
I guarantee I have those.
I'm pretty sure I've got those on multiple platforms already.
Yeah. And the Tomb Raider series, I'm almost positive, was free on Square.
Square Enix gave it away, I think, at the beginning of the covid stuff.
So my point is, yeah, and that's that's why I cut off you
reading the list is because these announcements don't matter.
They don't mean anything.
Most people already have played these games or they're already in their library.
And this is scraps.
And Stadia is not going to survive off scraps.
And it's a bummer because, again,
any complaint I've ever had about Stadia isn't the technology.
If you actually go through the hoops to check it out and play Destiny 2,
it kind of works and it's pretty cool.
But how long is that going to sustain the idea of give Stadia money?
I don't know. Not at all for me.
Yeah, same here.
Running out of time. All right.
Well, one game that's managed to keep going for years and years and years is
Minecraft, right, Loki? Minecraft had the right idea, right?
So now I get Loki.
You might have to give me some background on this because I'm not totally
understanding like why this is like huge news, but it is circulating around game
blogs and stuff, and that is that the Minecraft title screen
apparently shows a world in the background.
We all knew that.
I always thought it was just a random fucking world each and every time.
But apparently not.
It's the same world every time.
And they have just discovered this week.
If you want to play in the title screen world, here is the seed.
And there's actually two seeds.
So spoiler alert.
See, I would have thought the seed would have been something like
Microsoft rules or something like somebody's cat name or something like that.
No, no, the seed is two one five one nine zero one five five three nine six eight
three five two seven four all of the seeds are converted to numeric.
So whether you type in Microsoft rules or whatever like that, you know,
it would still be it converts it down to that.
OK, that I would have known.
So thank you.
What they were doing is like
once again, it's a lot of time being wasted on this stuff there.
They had algorithms and stuff that they were trying to figure out what the seed
was to find the world and based on the generation that was there,
chunk generation and where the different objects were in there.
And so they were basing that trying to figure out, you know,
how to find the actual seed that is shown in those screenshots.
They did something similar not too long ago with PewDiePie with his seed
that he was playing in his world because they wanted to play the same one.
I don't know. It's time.
People got a lot of time nowadays.
And so just now you can check it out.
Just think you could have found a cure for covid.
But no, you found the Minecraft title screen seed.
No, I should look.
I've spent 18 years of my life doing a podcast.
I have no room to judge.
Yeah, it is the blurry image.
And then they found the exact spot in the exact world to actually check it out.
I mean, it's kind of cool that they are
able to find that amongst the billions of levels or worlds that could be generated.
Yeah. And, you know, the versions
now have to change the screenshot and then figure it out all over again.
All jokes aside, like the science behind it and how they discovered it is pretty
cool, you know, we have to rip it a little bit because it's like all that time you
spent doing X, you could have been doing Y.
But the fact that they did use these kind
of unconventional techniques to figure it out and it's like this is this is this is
what we want and we're going to find it, they found it good for them.
Now, go cure Covid.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on, Loki, what do you have for us?
So this is kind of fun.
So there is a a little indie game that someone made
that's kind of like WarioWare, but with like a horror trope twist to it.
So this game Spookware by Adam Pipe is a it's 10 micro games.
They're all themed around horror stuff.
So it's different things like, you know, moving
with the reader across the Ouija board, you know, sawing a leg in half,
finding the missing letters and like a Slenderman type of thing.
And you use the arrow keys on your keyboard to play the game.
And it's very authentic to WarioWare.
It's pretty awesome.
So what's great, though, is you can check it out.
It is free.
It's taken him 24 months or I'm sorry, it's game a month.
So he created in a month.
He's done this for 24 months straight, though.
So it's his 24th one they put together.
If you want to check it out, it's papercookies.itch.io
slash Spookware and it looks pretty cool.
You got to play it.
Yeah, I want to check that out.
That was really cool.
I love WarioWare, which is why I enjoy super multitasking by YYR.
But no, seriously, I do.
I love the WarioWare games.
And so and that's always also one of those franchises where I'm like, God,
I wish Nintendo would bring this back because it's been a while since I've had
one of those games, been a long while.
And I feel like the last game we got was just a rehash of one of the old games.
Yeah, it's cool.
It's funny, though, is they've got like it's there's some cheesy stuff in there.
It's very much got the same like feeling of WarioWare game.
Like, for example, the one where it's
kind of gross, where you're like sawing a leg in half that's on a chopping board
with a chainsaw, though, but you're sawing it like a knife.
It's all what's for dinner.
And it's like dinner is served.
Or like they have what they have another one where it's like a dark room.
It's like, where's Nosferatu?
You find his face and there he is.
It's still like stuff like that.
It's kind of funny, as long as it's like silly and comical and like, you know,
and I've talked about this with horror a lot.
I don't I'm not into the very realistic looking horror stuff.
But when it's like Disney's Haunted Mansion or like Elvira,
like Darsaka went over earlier, like that macabre type of stuff,
that stuff I think is great and I eat it up.
I think that stuff is the Addams Family, like one of the all times greatest.
I think that shit is great.
Like that. That's awesome.
It's the stuff that's like too realistic.
So it's like, where's Nosferatu?
And it's cartoony and stuff.
I think that would be funny.
Yeah, it's it's very much looks like a Warrior War game.
OK, that's that's cool.
I want to check it out. I will.
That's that's cool. All right.
Did you say it was free or is it a small?
It's free. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome.
That's even better.
All right.
One more free upgrade for owners of this game.
And I feel like this is a game Loki probably owns.
I did it one time.
I don't know if I still do.
Let me check my Steam library.
Worms Armageddon came out over 20 years ago.
And of course, the Worms franchise kind of came from those old tank war games
from the 60s, from the 60s, from the 90s,
those early TV titles
when there was just zeros and ones and blips played on my telescope.
So from the 90s, things like what was it?
Tank Wars and Scorched Earth.
Those are the games. Can you play?
We played it with real worms and real grenades.
We need to do.
Loki, you and I need to play Scorched Earth on a live stream someday.
We do. That would be fun.
Do they can you even run it at normal speed anymore?
Would it go like I'm sure they've got like there's also Tank Wars and stuff.
I'm sure there's an online version of that.
Oh, God, I've got to find that.
We've got to make that happen some night anyway.
But Worms was kind of like an evolution of that stuff.
Right. Where instead of tanks, it became worms.
And in celebration of twenty five years of the entire franchise,
developer Team 17 put out an update for Worms Armageddon on the PC.
Seven years worth of fixes, changes and improvements.
The announcement was made on Twitter and Steam.
There's a new three point eight update for the 1999 release Worms Armageddon.
And there's some of the fan improvements and fixes, some mod features
and are now integrated into the game.
For example, somebody named Rubber Worm in the I'm sorry,
that's one of the mods or the actual mod names.
It was a popular Armageddon mod that lets you manipulate the physics
and fire multiple weapons in a single turn.
And so now that's in the official game.
So that's pretty cool.
That's a real neat fan love letter is that you know what?
We are going to embrace these fan mods now as official canon.
That's pretty cool.
And we're seeing developers do that more and more like we kind of saw that
with the recent Doom rerelease on like PlayStation four and stuff
where like the big user community wads are like right there in the game
and you can just install them for free and play them.
I think that's really rad.
So, yeah, that I love this like community,
the developers embracing the modding community like this is really cool.
Can't wait for the rerelease of Mass Effect.
That's just going to embrace the H the high res texture mods
that are already out there.
We'll see. All right.
Anyhow, pretty cool. I like that.
All right. This is the part of the show where we're going to open up
our chat room for any questions or any topics we didn't get to tonight.
So if you have anything you want to bring to the listener roundtable,
twitch.tv slash vog network and Hype Mayhem is always like on it, ready to go.
I love it. Hype Mayhem says questions.
Seeing that digital games are prevalent nowadays, especially on PC,
our physical games, their cases, boxes and any extras included.
See, special editions have any place or relevancy nowadays.
People used to love displaying their games and stuff on shelves
for the longest time.
But nowadays, people love the freebies on Epic or the seasonal Steam GOG sales.
Plus, there's a subscription stuff, too.
Has displaying your collection gone the way of the dodo?
Excellent question.
And one that comes up often on gaming shows and the community
these days is like, are we really ready to go all digital?
And the simplest answer to this question is that there's always
there's just there's just always going to be both.
And you see a company like Limited Run Games.
And we talked about them on the show a couple of weeks ago.
They're doing all these limited runs like that
Shante game on the Game Boy Color that group is rereleasing, for God's sake.
Like they're doing a lot of physical releases.
So there is always going to be a call for collectibles.
And I've brought up this analogy on OLR before.
It's been a bit, so I'll bring it up again.
We're not really like an analogy, but but the fact that
the physical games that you own end up having equity. Right.
And I don't like to go and buy games digitally
unless there's some type of trade off, because essentially, if I buy digitally,
I'm giving up that equity because you can't trade your digital games.
So if Epic is going to give me a free game, well, shit,
that's a good way to make me let go of equity.
Give it to me for free. Right.
And so that's what a lot of people have done with their digital collections.
And now things are getting to a point.
I think there's a lot of people who are finding themselves
more and more inconvenienced with physical media.
For example, I think about Bobby Blackwolf and the setup in his house.
And sorry, Bobby, I don't mean to speak for you, but if I lived in your house,
I would imagine when I want to play games down there in that basement,
it would actually be kind of a pain in the ass to have physical media.
Sometimes it would be much easier to just have games digital
so I could kind of like flip between them there, because like getting up
to open the door that has the consoles in it and all that stuff
might end up being a little bit of a pain.
So you might give up your equity because you kind of know
I'm never going to sell these games back, whatever, and that whole thing.
But also something that's kind of driven me back to physical,
like I was kind of at this point where I was like,
I'm buying more and more digital, like I just bought Animal Crossing digital.
I pop Pokemon digital because I'm like, these are types of games
that you just want to kind of always have available
and you don't want to have to switch a cartridge in and out or anything like that.
So, you know, like there's there's that.
But then Alan got a switch, too.
And now it's like, well, wait a minute,
I don't really want to buy digital games because Alan can't play them
if I buy them digitally.
So now I'm back to I want to get physical releases
so that he can play them, too, if he if he would play anything else
besides Dark Souls and Animal Crossing.
But that's what makes him happy. So whatever.
But it does make me think, well, maybe he'll want to play Zelda someday
or maybe he'll want to play his other game someday.
So I should probably get it on physical media.
So there's that, too.
And Bobby does clarify.
Yes, I still like my physical media because of my data cap.
That's a very good point, too.
Marissa Mizell in chat.
Hi, Marissa says my Internet connection is awful, so I still like physical,
but I also like owning the product and not licensing it.
Tiger Claw talks about shelf space.
You might not have enough space to store all your physical media.
That's why we joke about.
I don't have any room for a shelf to have shelf space.
Well, and that's why we joke about Dark Sakura's vault. Right.
She has a lot of physical stuff from especially from back in the day
in the older systems.
But at one point, there was literally an entire room in her house dedicated to it.
That's how much space it took up.
There's a very old YouTube, very, very old YouTube video out there
on the channel Orange Lounge Radio.
If you didn't know, it's like very old.
But we actually show Dark Sakura's old vault in one of the videos.
So that's out there.
DJ Rama S says, I'm OK with buying digital,
but not when it's the same price as the physical release.
Yeah, there's that.
And that's that's the equity, right?
Like, what am I what am I getting digital but physical?
I'll have something that I could technically give, sell back or give out
or, you know, trade or what have you.
So I think the answer to that is really going to be different for everybody.
And for me, it is.
I'll go digital if there's a good reason for me to go digital.
Otherwise, excuse me, otherwise I still tend to go physical,
especially with Nintendo Switch, those cartridges are like itty bitty.
They don't take up shelf space.
I do. I keep all the boxes somewhere, but then I have my little purse,
my switch purse that has all my games in it.
And it's not going to fill up anytime soon because those cartridges are itty bitty.
So anything you want to add to that, Loki, about the whole digital versus physical?
Oh, I just I always thought I wasn't going to do mostly digital as well.
But then, you know, that ended up being the complete opposite.
So, yeah, really, for me, a lot of times
the sales seem to be more frequent on the digital stuff.
And a lot of the stuff I get is also only digital,
but it's also more convenient to like,
you know, the local game style closed down over here.
So, I mean, I could order from Amazon or something like that,
but it's just it's easier to know.
I don't have to worry about it coming in the mail.
It's usually available 9 p.m.
the night before it's supposed to release.
So I just I don't see myself going out and trading in stuff as much as I used to.
And even when I was it, you don't get anything for it.
And yeah, I know you could go sell stuff on eBay, but that's a hassle.
So for me, it's just the time saved is more valuable than the
money I might make back from selling something.
All right. I'll open it up to chat to see if there's any other questions.
In the meantime, while we see if there's any other discussion topics,
Loki, I usually open it up for any last minute stories you might have.
Yeah. So there's going to be a Dragon's Dogma anime series.
It's going to be coming to Netflix September 17th.
That's interesting, you know, considering that Castlevania has done well.
I'd be interested to see how this one fares as well, but be pretty cool.
I'm not very familiar with the series.
I know it's kind of similar to, I think, Skyrim or an Elder Scrolls type of game.
But I think the other side from just the adventuring and the fantasy stuff like that,
it's probably pretty different.
But as that is that is excited in chat saying, ah, best game.
So, yeah, be cool. I can't wait to see it.
Yeah, the success of things like The Witcher and Castlevania, man, it's just
it's going to make this video game stuff on on demand services really explode.
I'm so hyped for Final Fantasy 14 whenever they get that going.
Like, obviously, Covid has that stock right now.
But, you know, back in the day, you know, when it's like, oh, the video game adaptation.
Oh, you know, now it's like, oh, hey, people, they finally get it now.
They they they know how to do it right.
All right. I have to read this comment from She-Hulk in chat because it's the best reason
against physical media.
When I have a cat in my lap, I cannot get up to change the disk.
Good thinking, She-Hulk.
Marissa is telling a story about how iTunes removed some TVs and movies because the publisher,
I guess, had pulled the material off iTunes.
So that is kind of scary, too, when the digital license gets revoked to physical media.
Sometimes the only way you can kind of keep things.
That's it's rare, but it does happen.
I've heard of that with video games, too.
It's typically, you know, well, that was all different.
I know a little bit of it.
Typically, though, when they're removing stuff off of a service like not they're just not
selling it anymore, but you'd still have access to your digital copies.
It's very rare that they ever remove it completely from your library.
Yeah, but I can understand not wanting to take a chance.
I get that.
Yeah.
It's happened a lot with different like Ninja Turtles, for example, has had it where the
rights have gone away.
And they've also done it with other things where they'll even mark down the game to,
like, a ridiculously low price because they know that they're pulling the rights to it
pretty soon.
So.
Oh, this is a dark to see you found a free version of scorched earth online.
Can you tweet me that link dark to see because I'll lose it in the chat.
So thank you.
I want to check that out.
OK, sorry, lucky.
I was going to say some other things, though, that we've seen is not necessarily and that
link doesn't work.
Is that not only does we have games removed from your library, but also like games alter,
like, for example, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and even Grand Theft Auto four have had like
music taken out of the game.
Good call.
The music change.
Yeah, the license.
Yeah, there's not much you can do that with the games constantly updating.
So, yeah, you know, and that discussion is coming up again when we're talking about Xbox
backwards compatibility is that Microsoft will not commit to the full library being
backwards backwards compatible from Xbox one on Series X.
It sounds like there will be some rare games that will not be backwards compatible.
And it doesn't sound like it's a technology thing.
It sounds like it's a licensing thing, like something in that realm.
Like and I don't know this for sure, but it is an example.
Something like Rock Band 4.
I could see where maybe they're not going to let that play on the new one because of
like music and licensing and those types of things.
Again, not that I've heard that game specifically, but I could see where, oh, maybe that's going
to complicate it.
It's interesting.
Yeah.
All right.
Any other last minute stories for us?
No, that's pretty much it.
All right.
Then I think we are good to wrap up and get our final thoughts out.
Hey, I want to thank you guys for listening and participating with Orange Launch Radio
tonight.
Thank you so much.
If you liked what you heard here at the show, help us spread the message.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if the gamers voices aren't here to put
out on the air, then what can we do?
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
And again, I want to thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening, whether it was
on the podcast feed or if it was on our Twitch feed.
Either way, just thank you for being here and being a part of our Sunday nights.
And I hope we, uh, made for some good entertainment on your Sunday night or Monday afternoon,
whenever you're listening to this, um, super appreciate it.
My final thought for tonight is, um, you guys didn't get to see it on the Twitch stream
because the discord is in the way, but I'll switch the shot real quick.
So there's this little basket here on the couch.
And I was really hoping because earlier today, about two or three o'clock, Mr.
Smoosh climbed up in this basket and I got from work and was sitting there and actually
Smoosh was sitting there until like five 30.
It was about halfway through Bobby show when he finally got up to leave.
I guess, I guess he didn't care for the Bobby black Wolf show.
I don't know.
It wasn't that it was, he just, he'd been there for hours and I think he knew his food
thing was going to go off soon because it goes off at six o'clock.
So I knew he wouldn't make it to OLR, but I thought I might get him for the Bobby call,
but apparently, uh, sadly I didn't.
So I was hoping he'd come back.
So I'm going to hope in a future week, I'm going to leave this.
So you might all be wondering why is there a basket mixed in with all the video game
crap that we have on the couch?
Why is a basket suddenly mixed in?
That is going to be the answer because I'm, this is Smoosh's throne and I'm waiting for
him to come back and have a seat.
And yes, I did tweet a picture earlier and Tiger Claw dug that up there.
So you can check out that picture if you want.
All right.
That's my very long final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
Oh, um, I did remember there was one story that I didn't talk about, but, um, it's kind
of a given since there's a lot of other retailers doing this, but mandating masks, um, the apparently
GameStop is going to be, um, putting out notices on their doors saying that they're requiring
masks in shop, but they're not allowing the employees to enforce that.
So, you know, that's a thing, I guess it's a dangerous situation.
Like, I can't believe I'm going to defend this because I fully believe people need to
be wearing their fucking masks, but they're not paying those employees enough to deal
with that bullshit.
Well, I need, I need to watch my words because at the same time, those employees shouldn't
be exposed to COVID in the first place.
So I hope they have some type of glass thing set up.
Like you might see the 7-Eleven or something like that.
I really, really hope.
But at the same time, like those guys just aren't paid enough to like fight with somebody
and throw them out of the store and that whole thing.
Like people should just be decent enough to wear their masks in the store in the first
place, but.
Right.
And there's a whole, whole other situation.
I mean, um, there was other stuff I saw this week too, about talking about pre-orders and
everything.
And if you have games pre-ordered as store and that store happens to close down, which
a lot of them are because they're running, they're having financial problems right now.
Um, you're not getting your money back or at least you're not getting your money back
without quite a fight.
So just keep that in mind when you're pre-ordering stuff, especially with brand new consoles
around the corner, that they're going to keep your money unless you drag it out and calling
corporates like I do anything because you're just going to be on hold for hours without
them picking up.
They know fully well that they're doing this and they just don't care because what are
you going to do about it?
Yeah, that's, that's gonna, GameStop might want to clarify or clear up that policy before
they do start because that word is going to spread around social media fast, uh, around
the time of one of the things that could be the only thing that keeps GameStop afloat
for another year.
Um, so if I were GameStop, I would, uh, I would clear that up real fast or they're going
to have some people decide to take that pre-order elsewhere.
Uh, that's a scary thought, but I feel like their upper management is so dumb.
Um, they probably won't even think of that.
And that is why GameStop is failing.
Yeah.
So just be careful.
Yeah.
All right.
Great.
Great.
Final thought slash last story.
All right.
Uh, that's it everybody.
Thank you, Loki.
Thanks Dark Sakura.
Thanks you all for being here tonight.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all over again until then.
Have a wonderful night, everybody.
Until next time.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
