As of tomorrow of this recording, your PlayStation controller's share button will get a little less functional.
The network where the hashtag came into prominence no longer plays its birdsong and no longer invites everyone to play in its sandbox.
Microsoft stopped supporting shares to the platform months ago, and now Sony is following suit.
The only good X is the button on video game controllers.
This is the Money Can't Buy Happiness intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Simmers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of this week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, wherever your gamer has a voice,
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live once again tonight with episode number 981 of our show for November the 12th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'm here with you every week as are my co hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
who is not coming through for some reason, but hopefully... I'm not sure what that's all about, but I will jump over and also say hello to TechMasterLuke.
There you go.
Hi, Jamie.
How are you?
Dealing with some business.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I... There's something causing some lag on my system, so it's kind of...
Yeah, well, at least I'm happy to hear your voice is sounding a lot better.
So that seems to indicate that a little bit of therapy with the voice and rest went a long way.
So yeah, as Mike Def says in our chat, good to hear you're doing better now, Jamie.
Absolutely.
So all right, well, we'll also go and say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
All right.
So I'm trying to figure out because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Twitch.tv slash VOG Network right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And if you do watch us live, you get video that can enhance things a little bit.
I mean, we're mindful that it's a podcast, but we get a little video fun, and I see there's a game playing behind you tonight that kind of looks like the Incredible Machine to me, but it's not.
It's something else.
It is not.
Okay, what is it?
I don't know this one.
It's Ultimate Chicken Horse.
Oh, I don't know this game, but it sounds like it's a fun game.
Yes, it is.
It is a game I did enjoy.
So it's kind of like the Incredible Machine and it's a platformer.
So the object of the game is it's like a four player party game or I think you multi.
I don't know what the limit is, but basically you have a group of people you put down obstacles to either help or hinder yourself to getting to the end.
And the goal is only you get to the end.
And you're trying to stop everybody else from getting to the goal in there.
And if everybody gets to the end, you don't get points.
If some people get to the end, then some people get points.
If everybody gets to the end, then you don't get points.
It's like you have to make it just the right amount difficult.
TheBreakMan in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, A game about screwing your friends?
I'm in.
In the words of Archer, phrasing screwing over your friends like Mario Party.
Yes.
All right.
Perfect.
Okay, I want to get into our first topic tonight.
And this is a little bit like different.
What I'm about to talk about is not like the biggest news story of the week by any means.
But the reason why this is a little bit front of mind for me is because you know, if you go back,
and look at the history of this program, you know, and where we, you know, came from 21 years ago when we started this show in June of 2002.
DarkSakura, myself, Loki, we all met playing Dance Dance Revolution at the local arcade.
You know, there's these different mixes of the machine and our local Roseville golf land where we all met had a Dance Dance Revolution USA mix.
And, you know, we wanted to start this show about, you know, the DDR and music game community because
DarkSakura, VOG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, and the first and the first day I was able to actually meet Jamie.
So, you know, lots of good memories going way back.
And, you know, we've been, you know, and for many years, this show was really about music games and primarily Konami's Bamani, you know, Beatmania, the original music game, which was actually before DDR and their whole series and, you know, the fandom and tournaments.
was a big, big part of what we used to talk about.
In fact, we broadcast live from a tournament at Pier 39 in San Francisco.
It was a big deal for us, you know, in the early days of internet radio, because that would have been about like 2003 when we did that, if you think about it.
It was kind of a big deal, a lot of fun, you know, and these DDR tournaments are really about community and getting to talk to people.
And that's what the show is all about.
So I think that's why when I heard about this story this week,
This resonated with me a little bit.
So what's going on?
There's still DDR, you know, DDR has been having a resurgence.
I should probably say this is that I don't want to say we ever fell out of love of DDR.
But I think because we saw a long period of time, you know, when we did the show, what DDR Max 2 was like the new mix, and then Extreme came out.
And then we had a little bit of a period where like they were releasing home versions pretty regularly.
They started to really pick up the US presence on the home versions with, you know, the Xbox versions and, you know, the PlayStation, you know, Extreme and Extreme 2, you know, some of those things.
So we had a lot to talk about, but then things started to dry out a little bit because it felt like Konami did not really have the faith or the risk to continue to produce
DDR games and new music games for quite some time.
They took a little bit of a break, and by them taking a break, it caused other music games to rise up.
That's when Guitar Hero happened, and Rock Band, and the rise of all that stuff.
And of course, a lot of that then led to, now Konami's back in the business, right?
And thanks to, you know, Japanese arcades and these partnerships with places like Round One or even, you know, places like Dave & Buster's still getting machines.
We've had, you know, calls on this show kind of talk about the status of all that.
You know, we still have DDR today.
And it's really interesting, because we've been able to watch a whole new and, you know, not to be the old man on the chair, but kind of a little bit, we've been able to watch a whole new generation of folks
come up that really love this series and really love these music games and have that fandom.
Ironically, there are now podcasts about Bomani and music games at this point, which is funny.
We stepped away from that and shifted our focus to video games because
for a long period of time, there wasn't any Bomani news.
We didn't have anything to talk about for quite some time.
It was very, very minimal.
And we kind of decided, you know what, we're more like video games first.
Those are 40 years in the desert.
Yeah, yeah.
And so it's neat to see the resurgence, and it's neat to see all of this come back again.
But what's not neat to see is Konami's playing their same old tricks.
and Konami.
There's this big tournament called KAC, which is the Konami Arcade Championships.
And DDR, of course, is one of the games that is going to be represented in these championships.
And there is a very prominent DDR player
from North America, who goes by the name Chris4Life.
And you've probably seen him, you know, in tournaments, you know, a couple years ago, and so forth.
There's other, you know, great AAA players too, as well.
Please forgive me.
I don't follow the series as much as I used to, so I don't know all of your names.
But I know that there are a lot of people that are super, you know, into DDR, very good at it.
In fact, Chris4Life is known as really one of the best.
Very, very good.
Wins championships, right?
So he and some of his other, you know, AAA playing friends want to join the Konami Arcade Championships.
But here's the problem.
They got essentially kicked out of registering for Konami Arcade Championships.
Why?
Because in order to qualify for the championships, you have to play certain qualifier songs.
But to play those songs, your account has to have access to what's called PSELE.
To have access to this, your account's residence has to be in Japan.
And so your account's residence must match your real residence.
And so you can't have you know, and you can't do like several accounts and this type because I guess I think somebody else actually did this this other player Nate, Nat8 or something like that was disqualified for having one account in Japan and it didn't match the actual residence.
And sure enough, Chris wrote on his Twitter account, I was disqualified from KAC as were my fellow American DDR players.
Last week, each of us received emails from Konami asking us to explain our KAC entries because they were in jeopardy of being invalidated.
I explained our situation to them and made it known that the rules for entry this year were set up in a way that made it impossible for any non-Japanese player to submit a valid entry.
I've included the email transcripts below for full transparency.
I hope that next year Konami doesn't plan to give us the same runaround, but if they do, I sincerely hope they save us all the trouble and just say, KAC is Japan only from the beginning.
And I think that's a very important thing to note.
If the Konami Arcade Championships had just said up front, this is only open to residents of Japan, this wouldn't be a problem.
They're not doing that.
And from where I'm sitting, they're trying to give the perception that this is a global tournament.
And now they've got these silly rules because, again,
And this just goes back to what pissed me off about Konami years ago.
Konami isn't willing to invest in the audience over here the way that they are the audience in Japan.
And we live in this global economy now, especially with round one, importing these machines and having these deals.
Why are we not getting the same experience?
Why are folks banned from these tournaments because of these workarounds that they have to work around because Konami just won't fucking set up the game like every other company sets up the game?
OrangeRide also points out they had a rule that you have to speak conversational Japanese.
They eventually got rid of it, and then they did this.
Again, if you want to limit it to Japan, just limit it to Japan.
But instead, and I love that Chris did this, honestly, is that Chris pasted these emails and said, here you go, for full transparency, here is what happened.
Now, I'm not going to read the entire thing.
But basically Konami sent a message to Chris that said,
We were informed from a post on social networking that you entered with more than one account.
If this is true, your entry will be invalidated and you'll forfeit your right to participate in the finals.
I'm summarizing a little bit.
If you want to read all these again, you can check out Chris's Twitter account at chrs4lfe.
And again, my policy, yes, it is still called Twitter and it will always be called Twitter.
Unless you are a sponsor on Sesame Street, your company is not a letter.
Thank you.
Anyway, so Chris writes this email back and basically explains what's going on, the same thing I just outlined a little bit ago.
Konami writes back, and this is the part where my fucking head explodes, reading this.
This is so tacky and terrible, this response.
Dear Chris, This is Konami Arcade Championship Operations Team from Konami Amusement.
Thank you very much for your response.
After further examination of your response, you have been decided to be disqualified in accordance with the entry requirements and you will not be allowed to participate in the final round.
We appreciate your understanding.
We hope you will continue to patronize Konami's amusement products in the future.
Uh, it, that's just stupid.
There's no understanding.
And it's like, it's like, yeah, sucks to be you.
And, but you continue to purchase our products and player products.
Like, is it who who's been winning these tournaments in KAC?
Like, I'm just wondering if it's like a thing where, oh, hey,
The US is coming in stomping.
And so they're like, Oh, well, this is making us look bad.
You know, we're gonna limit it to only Japan only but in a roundabout way that's stupid.
I mean, is that what the landscape looks like?
I don't know.
I mean, otherwise, it's just dumb.
Well, DarkSakura, you bring you say something interesting in chat.
You're saying it's a copy paste response.
So I doubt it was a personal attack.
I don't necessarily think it was a personal attack either.
But it was some real shit customer service.
It's just how Japanese companies are.
I mean, the end of the, please look forward to it.
Or, you know, please say, you know, our thing.
It's, it's just gotten emails like that too, from other Japanese companies.
So I, I don't think it was intended to be.
No, I like tone deaf or something.
I don't think that was its intention.
I think it was just a translation and a copy paste.
But it does, which is probably what any end of service email that goes out from most companies in Japan will end with.
It's just how it is.
It's not anything.
I feel zero over that.
But DJRamaS brings up a good follow-up to this saying, the email sounds like they didn't even read the initial response.
And considering this guy is a world champion, it just shows this complete obliviousness to the whole situation.
And I think the thing that pisses me off about it, yeah, it might be like, you know, okay, this is what they do or whatever, but it just
It just reeks of shit.
I'm sorry.
It just, it brings me back.
And maybe this is why I was so enraged when I read this.
It just brings me back to 20 years ago, where it just felt like consistently Konami in Japan does not give a shit about us.
So why do we continue to support them?
Why?
I don't know sometimes.
And like, especially when I thought Konami was on this path to like improving themselves, you know, through some of the announcements from the Silent Hill thing, and you know, the relative, well, the Castlevania collection has been in the old school, you know, arcade collection has been and so forth.
Oh, interesting.
I didn't realize this.
OrangeRite says the top ranking player in Korea, FeFemz, got a special invite to KAC and says he's not going.
Good on that person for taking that stance there.
Well, how did he get in?
I thought you had to have... I thought you had to live in Japan.
Thank you.
Thank you.
See, exactly.
This is why, like, I don't want to like... Is there a special invitation?
Well, here's what I'm saying.
Like, I feel like, I don't want to sound, like, entitled, but I'm just wondering if it's like some sort of, not, I don't think it's reverse racism or anything like that, but it's like, it's a silly rule, first off.
I'm not, I'm not, here, I'm not gonna assume anything from Konami.
Konami's just poorly run.
It's just what it is.
So, I'm just gonna assume that they put these rules in place and they didn't think about the consequences of it.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It's in-group versus out-group.
It's how the whole society is structured.
It's your in-group versus your out-group.
And if you're not part of the intended group, then you just sort of get kind of pushed away and forgotten about.
It's a very different type of thing to, it's two different mindsets.
And we are looking at this from a very Western mindset.
I'm going to say this just, it's not just that I'm playing devil's advocate, but I think that we're also looking through this through very Western cultural lenses.
We are a lot more, we include, it's, it's, you know, everyone from, I mean, well, we say that we do that, but people are still very, you know,
was sort of thinking of exclusionist over here, but but Japan is very homogenous as a country.
And it's always been that way.
and change over the... I watch a lot of actual non-Japanese ethnic people who were born and grew up in Japan who experience this on a daily basis because they don't appear to be Japanese.
It's just how the culture is.
And I'm not saying that it's right or wrong.
It's just we're looking at these through, you know, American lenses and we need to have a broader view of it.
I think Konami needs to have a broader view of it when they want the Western dollars and the business over here.
And here's now what some of this has led to.
And I want to be very careful how I approach this because Chris is being very vulnerable in this post on Twitter, and I don't want to sensationalize it or anything like that.
But obviously, you know, these sorts of things can one thing can lead to another.
And you know, Chris wrote this very long post that and starts off by saying this isn't about being disqualified from KAC.
That was just the cherry on top.
It's running much deeper than that and kind of basically goes on to talking about he's not in a great place mentally right now.
That this is this is the everything that's happened really has taken a toll.
I dedicated over half of my entire life to DDR, and I feel like such a fool admitting that, because it's become extraordinarily clear that Konami couldn't care less about us or anything we've done with the game by banning us from KAC.
I have 18,000 plays on DDR which means I've spent at least $18,000 supporting their game.
I also didn't once think that the people around me that I love will eventually move on from these things, leaving me alone with nothing but the high scores I dedicated myself to achieving and a life I had no plans for.
So what was it all even for?
And sums up by saying, I realized I need to find myself again, even though I don't know how yet.
It's nice being Chris for life.
but it can't be everything anymore.
I need to discover rediscover the meaning of being his real name, something someone whose life is defining qualities, experiences, and will still have meaning if when rhythm games aren't there anymore.
It's the only way I'll ever be truly happy in the end.
And you know, that's a heck of a wake up call in some ways to have and I feel for the guy and again, I'm wanting to really be careful here not to sensationalize this and just like said nothing but like, love and support Chris's way through this whole thing.
And
But I think it does go to show how a passing interaction like that can really have this effect where now he's like, it's almost like that person that's been working for a company years and years and years and gets laid off.
And it's like, well, where the hell's that loyalty?
And then it's like, surprise, companies don't have loyalty.
And I think that's the realization a lot of people are having about Konami.
They're just another fucking money sucking
company that cares about fucking profits and just cares about the dollars and they don't fucking care about you.
They don't care about your Twitter posts promoting their game.
They don't care about this show.
Actually, I'm going to dial it back.
When there was offices in the States, there was more of that sort of caring.
So Konami now doesn't care about this type of stuff.
And Konami, like Konami doesn't care about you.
Period.
So whatever you want to chalk that up to, or any of that stuff, that's what it is.
So, Philof9 says, do any companies care?
I don't know.
I'm starting to question because, you know, just last week we were talking about a company that laid off people and most of it happened to be their community management folks.
Most gaming companies have community management teams.
I'm going to tell you who obviously does not have this.
I think you can also figure it out.
S2100mat points out, I don't know if they'll do it this year, but I know a lot of the top 100 players try to fly out for the KAC anyways.
They run a community tournament outside of KAC at a local arcade.
That tournament is awesome.
Really cool.
And honestly, the Riola tournament, I hope they do it again.
Yeah, let's I honestly, I'm I am right back on the fuck Konami train.
I am right back on that train.
And it's I'm, I'm reminded
I'm reminded, because I relate everything in my life to RuPaul's Drag Race, I'm reminded of this Untucked from All Stars 1 that is awfully legendary, that shows Mimi, I'm First, you know, having kind of a meltdown.
And there's a cutaway to Chad Michaels that goes, you know, just when I thought she turned over a new leaf, there she is, the same old Mimi.
That's really what I'm thinking about this situation is that oh man I thought Konami was on this path to like fixing things and getting better and then oh the Silent Hill game comes out and it's it's Silent Hill Ascension's a fucking mess and then this happens and I'm like up there she is same old Konami.
I think a lot of people that support DDR continuing in this day and are dropping dollars in the machines and that whole thing really have a lot of stuff to question this week.
I thank Chris for being vulnerable in that post and saying the things that he had to say, because I think there's a lot of people, in some ways myself included, that need to evaluate some of the loyalty to that stuff.
Step Maniacs is a really cool dance game.
going to ballet.
So anyway, uh, yeah, I'm sorry to start off the show with what is essentially a bit of a bummer.
But I just I was thrown back to I was having a headline like it's 2003 up in here on OLR 20 years ago, it just it just felt like that to me.
There she is the same old Konami.
Well, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and see if it's the same old games that we've been playing this week or maybe some new games.
DarkSakura, we'll go to you first.
How was your gaming week?
I started Retro Knight, but I'm not going to say what it is because it's a classic game.
Okay.
So I'll leave it there.
I, of course, played some Dead by Daylight.
I had a funny thing happen when I was just testing to see if my voice was well enough.
I played four games with a newer friend I've made through the game.
They were a Huntress in our match.
And I played four games.
Killer let me out all four games.
Three hatches and one door.
And the only reason I got the door was because I was a stubborn Meg.
Was that the Huntress you got in back-to-back games?
Aunt Honey?
I don't remember.
I was lurking in the channel and I remember you and Fixie were freaking out because you had the same killer in back-to-back games that you really liked.
That was a spirit that Fixie got in the game and then I joined in and we got the same spirit.
Okay, okay.
That's when I was lurking.
It was just cool with us.
I did a bunch of Dreamlight Valley today.
That's what I've been playing in my downtime while I haven't felt well is just a buttload of Dreamlight Valley and some Cult of the Lamb.
Yeah, that's it.
I mean, I'll pick up and play like a couple of little, like, I played some SNES stuff and I'm actually trying to talk myself out of dropping $40 on a VST for Logic Pro that's basically the entire Super Famicom sound synthesizer.
Oops.
I'm talking myself out of it.
I got other things to do.
All right, Loki, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty good.
I played Ultimate Chicken Horse, of course, with some of the people on Channel 64.
So that was kind of fun to check out that game.
And then, you know, Minecraft.
I've been doing some of the stuff still on Ravesworks server.
And today we did the dragon fight with wardens everywhere.
So that was fun.
So that'll be in a video episode or two from now.
Um, but yeah, pretty much it.
Alright, thanks.
Uh, my gaming week.
Of course, lots of Diablo 4 still going on this season.
I hit level 69 today.
Nice.
Um, and... Nice.
Nice.
Um, but that also means that my, uh, character has out-leveled my Eternal and Season 1 characters as well, so that's fun.
Uh, also I learned the hard way, if you're recording things for YouTube,
um shut off trade chat because i actually recorded a video for my channel so i've been like like half-assing youtube on my personal channel like i'll fully admit i've been capturing gameplay when i don't have like the spoons for extraversion to like be on camera and talk it through and so forth like i've just been recording some game like i had like a theater than video last week with all the final fantasy 16 stuff and i did a diablo 4 when i did the world tier 3 unlock and i record one today for the world tier 4 unlock
but I haven't been able to post it yet because I have to go back and put in the YouTube blur because TradeChat decided to start piping up with just
all the crap that I was like, man, what a hard lesson learned that I forgot to leave trade chat because usually it's quiet in there.
But then people decide to start acting foolish in there and saying things that aren't appropriate to repeat.
And yeah, but anyway, yeah, if you want to, my YouTube is actually Rob Roberts plays, because I think Rob Roberts like makes guns or something.
So don't don't follow that channel.
But Rob Roberts plays on YouTube.
But again, admittedly, I'm not like super trying to grow my YouTube presence.
It's just like,
when I just feel like I have this 4K capture card and a nice computer and I feel like I'm not recording any like really pretty gameplay from it.
So I'm just trying to do that a little more often.
So that's all.
Yeah, so I did some Diablo 4 over there.
And gosh, what else have I played this week?
Just a little bit of Dead by Daylight.
Not a lot, but just a little bit.
I think I also played a little bit of Warcraft Classic.
just a little bit of that.
Oh, I know what I played this week.
That's fun.
So N7 day was this week, right?
Where you know, we got a trailer for a game.
Well, not even a trailer.
We got a whisper.
We got a we got a trick.
We didn't get a trailer.
We got a trick because we got a whisper of what the next Mass Effect game might look like a game we're not going to be playing till 2026 at the earliest.
So you know, whatever they're continuing to tease that and this is like,
It looks cool.
I guess but I'm just I think about a game like Final Fantasy 13 or excuse me, Final Fantasy 15.
I almost said 13 versus because that's what that game was.
And I think about how the thing Yeah, I think about how we'll go.
But seriously, if you've played and beat 15
go back and watch a trailer for 13 Versus, and you'll be like, what the fuck is this game?
It's like the same characters, but this is not the same game.
And so I just have this bad feeling, you know, Mass Effect's probably gonna change a lot before it comes out.
And it's, it's fine.
But that's why I'm just like, okay, I'll
hype train will wait until they have a release date that's like within a year, then I'll start buying into the hype.
But my point is, because it was in seven day, one of my friends was like, we should play Mass Effect three.
And I was like,
Oh my God, are the multiplayer servers even still running for that game?
And yes, they are.
And yes, we did.
We know we know what?
Yeah.
The servers for Mass Effect 3 PC are still up.
And I was like, I actually had to think I was like, where's my origin?
Because I had to download.
There's not even origin anymore, by the way.
They closed that years ago.
So I had to download like the EA thing, install that.
And yes, you can still play Mass Effect 3 on PC.
And I think a lot of the randos are in gold and platinum.
but we went into a bronze we cleared a bronze I was so happy I was like it y'all it took me a minute to remember how to fucking play Mass Effect but then I finally remembered okay with my Corian tech all I have to do freeze explode freeze explode freeze explode I finally was like okay I can get through a bronze that was fun because honestly I hadn't played Mass Effect 3 since I had the Krogan oh go ahead
I remember I had that Krogan named Rex in effect after the band.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, it's fun.
Yeah, it was fun seeing all my old characters and stuff.
And it looked the nice thing is because I hadn't played it on my newer computer.
Y'all know I got a new computer about a year and a half ago.
And I was able to play it in like 2k.
And I was like, dang, this looks nice.
So that was really fun.
So yeah.
It was fun to venture back and check out Mass Effect 3.
That was my N7 day, was reliving the good old days.
And there was so much I couldn't remember.
I was like, what does this rating mean?
Why do prestige characters?
What do you get for prestige?
There was so much I couldn't remember.
So anyway, it was good times.
Questbuster in chat says, I miss Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, but I remember enjoying it enough to unlock more characters.
Yeah, I oh my God, that's the reason why I bought Mass Effect 3 like four times.
You all give me so much shit for buying Mass Effect 3 four times.
That's why I did it was for multiplayer.
All right.
Well, with that, that's our gaming weeks.
So let's get into some news and what is going on around the game industry this week.
And we will start with Loki.
All right, so Nintendo has been trying to fight off rumors about their next console, which we know is coming, I mean, obviously.
But of course, you know, there's also litigation going on with other companies, you know, like Activision and Epic and all that stuff.
And because of all of that.
You know, stuff is kind of leaked out, per se, so.
So of course, with that, a Japanese outlet, Mainichi, has reported that apparently Nintendo has showcased their devices to partners at public events and private meetings with different companies.
But there's also the FTC versus Microsoft court case that also leaked out information regarding that it's been shown to Activision.
because obviously they were looking to purchase Activision.
So that information came out from that with the court documents.
So we know it's coming.
I mean, obviously it's probably next year at some point.
We just, you know, it'll be like the Switch, you know, where they announce it like beginning of the year, it comes out in March.
So we'll just have to wait and see.
And it would be silly to think Nintendo isn't working on something, just like Sony is absolutely working on PlayStation 6.
Everybody is.
They are working on everything.
Well, especially with Mainichi, though, going to the source.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, I mean, for sure.
I think also, you know, with the core documents and everything, it's, you know, pretty much in
in the comments.
I
Not the Game Awards.
For sure not.
Get that thought out of your head.
There will not be a new Switch at the Game Awards.
There's no reason for Nintendo to do that.
No, they will not do that because they want the eyes all on them.
So they will do their own unveiling of that somehow.
But it's not going to be on the Game Awards.
The Game Awards is probably going to have other things that are significant.
But yeah.
Something we'll get to later in the show that seems certain.
Yeah.
All right, well, something that is doing new hardware, and we know that this is a thing that is confirmed because there's a whole website about it.
It's a new Steam Deck.
Well, new-ish.
It's not like a hardware refresh.
It's more of a visual refresh.
It's the Steam Deck OLED.
The Steam Deck OLED.
Sorry, Nintendo.
I'm sorry, Jamie?
They're pulling a Nintendo.
Oh, yeah.
Like how the Switch made an OLED.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Steam is making an OLED version as well, for sure.
And it's coming out on November 16th and it will start for $549.
It's going to feature an OLED screen with a larger picture, better battery life, faster Wi-Fi.
Of course, these are all the nice marketing words.
But I am hearing the screen is very nice.
And this was one of the things that people
I feel like for the most part, people really did enjoy the original Steam Deck, but the screen was maybe one of those things people said could be improved.
And, you know, that's it.
By making an OLED screen, that is certainly doing it.
So this will also make the battery life longer with this, and downloads are supposed to be faster, I think, through some of the Wi-Fi, because it's Wi-Fi 6E that is going to be in there.
So that's pretty cool.
Also, a different fan and some different thermal stuff.
It's gonna run a little bit lighter as well.
So yeah, it looks really cool.
It is not an improvement on speed or that sort of hardware, so you can't really call this a full refresh or a Steam Deck 2, but this is definitely like the pinnacle of what the Steam Deck first generation is gonna be.
I have to admit, I'm a little bit tempted, but I think I'm gonna
I'm gonna hold out and try to wait for them to eventually do a hardware refresh, which I'm sure will happen at some point.
You can still get the LCD screen, 256 gigabyte Steam Deck if you want for $399.
The $549 is for a 512 gigabyte OLED.
If you want to spend premium dollars, you can get the $679 limited edition 1 terabyte OLED, which is it's pretty much the same thing, but with a 1 terabyte drive.
And you get what do you get?
A limited edition carrying case.
Ooh.
an exclusive startup movie and virtual keyboard theme.
Ooh.
Ah, but I guess that'll probably be alluring to some people, but the one terabyte in storage is certainly going to be very welcome as well on that.
So, all right.
Um, let's go ahead and move on to our next story, which a lot of people are talking about this week.
Right, right, Jimmy.
And this comes directly from Nintendo.
Um, actually, uh, Nintendo of Japan.
They are working on the development of a live-action Legend of Zelda film.
The representative director and president, Shuntaro Furukawa,
on behalf of Nintendo has announced that it's developing the film.
It will be produced by Miyamoto.
It will be produced by Avi Arad, who is the chairman of Arad Productions.
Done a bunch of films.
And it's going to be directed by Wes Ball.
It is co-financed by Nintendo and Sony Pictures, although more than 50% of it is financed by Nintendo.
and it will be distributed worldwide by Sony Pictures.
So, um, there's not really a whole lot about this, just that, um, it's going to happen.
They've got names on it.
Nintendo is behind the design.
So cool.
And it's interesting because the first thing almost everybody wants to jump to is casting.
And people are like, Oh, well, it's gonna be Tom Holland that plays Link.
And oh, I look forward to Chris-san, you know, joining as Link.
Timothee Chalamet or whatever as Link.
And I'm like, the actors you are all naming are too old.
And that is wild for me to say, but that is realistic.
The actors you all are naming are too old.
It's going to be somebody you probably haven't heard of, or maybe has been in one or two things.
It's going to have to be somebody who is
It's going to be, I would say, younger 20s, or the time they start filming.
So, I would, if they've just made this announcement, they probably are just through mostly concepts and scripting.
or not even scripting, just, you know, screenplay touch up, I would imagine at this point.
So, yeah, there's nothing that any kind of speculation help with.
Yeah.
The timing of this announcement is interesting because they did if I'm not mistaken, they did wait until like the day after the actor strike was resolved.
Right.
Which, by the way, the actor strike did get resolved this week.
Y'all hadn't heard.
So that is exciting news.
as long as the actors got a fair deal.
Apparently, some are still taking issue with some of the AI provisions.
I know some people in SAG-AFTRA that are not happy with AI provisions.
But, you know, for the most part, they certainly got a better deal than they were being the last and final offer they got the first time.
So I guess that's good.
But it is interesting.
So you kind of wonder how much work has been happening behind the scenes while the strike was going on that now they're coming kind of coming out and announcing this now, which is interesting.
This is live action, so I doubt you're gonna see the voice actors.
come in any kind of on-screen role unless they are a complete and utter physical, identical, hit the age, blah, blah, blah, all of the visual stuff that they look for on a big production.
Yeah.
I would agree.
You're not going to see... A cameo is usually what you're going to get in this situation.
You're going to get a cameo maybe, but I wouldn't hold out for that.
I would say if they do, I kind of feel like an unknown ultimately is going to be Link.
And so the speculation about who's going to be cast, I'm sure there's already a million YouTubes trying to figure that out.
I'm like, it's meaningless because I really think a unknown is ultimately going to get the part.
That's the reality.
But I do think if they put a well-known actor in the project, probably in the role of Ganon, because I feel like that's something they can
TigerKlaw on chat says it'll be known actors.
You sure of that?
because it's pretty common that unknown actors get cast in some big projects or things that maybe you don't know them as well yet.
Like somebody like Jennifer Lawrence, when she got The Hunger Games, wasn't super, super well known.
Or here's a better, Daniel Radcliffe, when he got cast as Harry Potter, right?
That was like a nationwide search type of thing, right?
He's very famous now.
But when he was cast as Harry Potter, which granted was an 11 year old kid at the time, he wasn't very well known.
So I, I do feel like, you know, it might be somebody from like a Netflix show or somebody that's done one or two little things.
Um, but I don't think it's going to be anybody, you know, but they could throw somebody, you know, into one of the other roles like Ganon or, or something else.
It'd be very, very interesting.
Ooh, I like this.
Questbuster in chat says, I'd like to see them pull a Tim Curry-like move with Ganon.
I believe referring to the movie Legend and Darkness and all that.
Make people do a double take and be like, OMG, they were Ganon?
That would be pretty cool.
But anyway.
I don't want to participate in too much speculation here because this is a long, long ways off.
But I think most people are just excited that like, yeah, it's happening.
And the fact that it's live action, I think is a huge thing for some people, because I think many people were expecting, it'll probably be animated.
Just because, you know, it'll be it'll be easier for them to, you know, get the essence of it.
So it'll be interesting.
But they said it was gonna be live action.
No, I know.
So that's that's great.
Oh, you mean Ganon being animated?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I mean, that people were assuming the movie would be animated.
But now we have the confirmation that it's going to be live action.
And I think that's very exciting for some people.
So, yeah, yeah, we'll see.
We'll see how it goes in our discord over at VOG Network dot com slash discord throughout the week.
People were tongue in cheek making jokes about the Smash Brothers initiative.
You know, now that we have what Detective Pikachu, Mario Brothers, Sonic and all these other movies.
Yeah, that won't be happening in a Legend of Zelda movie because my assumption is...
The Zelda movie will have more of a serious tone than what we saw in the Mario movie or Detective Pikachu or any of those other movies.
My assumption is that the Zelda movie is going to have a more serious tone.
I would assume so.
You'll be lucky if they sneak in the line.
Well, excuse me, princess.
You'll be damn lucky if that happens.
And that's about all you're going to get.
I hope it does.
I hope it does, too.
He said the thing.
Yeah.
But no, there's no...
I, yeah, MikeDef says, please don't.
I know you're all jesting, but still.
Yeah, I'm just really here to say that's not going to happen in the Zelda movie.
If anything like that were to ever happen, it's not going to.
But if it were to ever happen, it would happen in a more silly movie like the Sonic movie or the Mario movie or something that's or the upcoming Donkey Kong movie, I'm sure will happen eventually.
But it's not going to happen.
Let's go on to our next story Loki
Alright, so this is kind of, I mean it's not shocking because I think Xbox was the first to make this type of move but Sony is getting rid of Twitter integration as of tomorrow actually and you'll no longer be able to use the share button to actually share stuff to Twitter because you know a certain super smart genius CEO decided to really raise the cost of those APIs and so
Since they can't do the API calls, the functionality is buh-bye.
And I did love the comment, though, when they reached out to Elon Musk for a comment.
It's like, you know, our X is aiming to become a major streaming platform, and this will be less convenient for console players now that both Xbox and PlayStation integration is gone.
I will look into this.
Sure you will, bud.
Sure you will.
Well, at least it wasn't an auto-reply with a poop emoji, because I thought that's what inquiries were supposed to be getting.
But, you know, super mature.
It's just short-sighted and stupid, just like he is.
Yeah.
So, you know, what are you going to do?
Mike Deftonchat says, I'm amazed that Nintendo still has Twitter integration.
Yes, I am also amazed at that.
Is it something that, like, it's a time thing or something like that?
Like, do they have it for a certain amount of time?
And then when it comes up, it has to be renewed or I don't know.
No, I think it's after a certain point they were going to charge for their API stuff.
I think it was... I don't know what the details were there, but...
It's more of just like cost per use that they were having.
You know, the number of calls that they make in a certain time frame would cost a certain thing.
Maybe they have it bucketed based off of like, oh, this company sends like 10,000, this one sends 100,000, you know, and stuff like that.
Maybe they're just not using it that much.
I just think Nintendo is just slow to update stuff for their online service, and so they're probably just not
MikeDeft also points out, but granted you could just make the clip on the consoles, send it to your phone and upload wherever.
Yes, you can also put it on a USB device.
or get off Twitter.
That's your other option.
Get off Twitter.
But it's supposed to be a major streaming platform with everything and payments and stuff, right?
No, I'll tell you what the major streaming platform is now is TikTok and Instagram Reels and YouTube Shorts.
That's where I would expect PlayStation opens up their sharing to next.
I would be very surprised if at some point you are not able to share short clips to TikTok, Instagram, and or YouTube.
That would be the place that these things will go.
And I'm actually kind of surprised, maybe it's because threads kind of reeks of something very rushed by the Instagram folks, but I'm very surprised something like threads
Thanks for watching!
DarkTetsuya says, I'm just hoping BlueSky figures that stuff out.
I'm trying to be over there more.
I'm going to be a realist and somebody who loves, you know, BlueSky and the experience over there so far, don't hold your breath on that.
You got to remember, BlueSky still doesn't have GIFs.
It doesn't have direct messages.
There's a lot of features that didn't exist on Twitter at first, to be fair.
There were no GIFs integrated on Twitter at first, remember?
This all took time to get.
So eventually BlueSky will have some of that stuff.
It's just that BlueSky was actually trying to go a little bit of a Mastodon kind of route where it was decentralized, except the key difference and why it's working in a way that Mastodon isn't, is that there is a designated central server.
And then the app protocol is supposed to be for other things to kind of tie into Blue Sky.
But that's why Blue Sky is succeeding, where Mastodon... Well, I shouldn't say Mastodon's failing.
It's not.
Mastodon has its fans, but Mastodon isn't catching on in the same way for a lot of that.
It's kind of a techie place right now.
And then there's all these other things, too.
People talk about how certain people run their servers like they're an HOA.
That's the other problem that Mastodon has right now is that it's too strict in some places and people are just like, no, I don't want that.
Whereas honestly, Blue Sky is like, dicks, tits, ass, it's everywhere.
You want it?
You got it.
But there's good integrated sensitivity settings.
You just have to remember to fix those.
Well, the adult content filters are on by default.
But if you want to see dicks, tits, ass, you name it, if you want to see FCF, and you can look it up to see what that means, you have to enable your adult settings in Blue Sky on the web in order to do that.
So anyway, my point is don't expect Twitter or excuse me, don't expect PlayStation integration on Blue Sky anytime soon if Blue Sky doesn't even have GIFs yet.
It might get there eventually.
But right now, if I'm PlayStation,
I'm focused on TikTok, Instagram Stories, YouTube Shorts.
That's where the shares should be at.
And of course, if you want, you can still do that same thing where you download the screenshot and share it the long way.
You can do that on Blue Sky.
I've done that with screenshots from No Man's Sky and stuff.
No Man's Sky on Blue Sky.
That's not confusing by any means.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Alright, moving on.
Let's talk about some games that you definitely won't be sharing on Twitter because the future will be long gone by this point, and that is PlayStation Live service games that have been delayed.
Apparently half of the live service games have been delayed.
The interesting thing about this story is that we don't know what they are, because these are things that haven't been announced yet.
Sony President Hiroki Totoki told investors that six of the company's 12 upcoming live service games won't arrive until 2026 and after.
In a statement, we are reviewing the, excuse me, it's actually a transcription from the call,
We are reviewing this.
We are trying as much as possible to ensure the games are enjoyed and liked by gamers for a long time.
of the 12 titles, six titles will be released by fiscal year 2025.
That's our current plan.
As for the remaining six titles, we're still working on that.
So SOTY going on to talk about that, you know, the big live service push, it doesn't change anything for the company, it gain quality is going to be the most important thing that it added added up.
So but so far,
Horizon Forbidden West, Spider-Man 2, doing very well for Sony.
Spider-Man 2 sold 5 million copies in its first week.
Something to stack up there.
but we'll see we'll see what stuff is in store as far as their other live service games again these are things that are designed to keep the money rolling in regularly for better or for worse you know sometimes people are into it sometimes they're not so it really again the quality of the game is the big deal right and sometimes the not is the actual company that's doing the live service too yeah and that could be that too absolutely but like you know
Battle Pass Cosmetics
Necessitates it and has the quality that the fan base will support that stuff, then there you go.
But I think we've said this a lot.
Don't shoehorn this shit into games that don't need it.
And that's what pisses people off about Diablo 4, honestly.
And I do get it.
I do get it.
You know, Diablo is not always a series that had this type of stuff.
Anyway, all right, moving on, DarkSakura with a very interesting, bleak, in some ways, look at the future of games.
So we'll talk about it.
Oh, yeah, when I saw this announcement, I was pissed because it was during the middle of, well, toward the end days of the SAG AfterStrike.
posted on social media that I refuse to name that they are pushing more AI development with M12 Ventures in-world AI.
Hold on, let me rephrase myself.
Microsoft and M2 Ventures
Portfolio company InWorld AI announced that they are developing generative AI tools for video games, a two-part toolkit that acts as a, quote, design co-pilot.
So it's supposed to let developers focus more on narrative, quest, game elements.
Oh.
People pissed.
Like, don't they even pay attention to the fucking news?
Do they?
Oh, this pissed off everybody.
Developers, voice actors, writers, influencers, of course.
Especially in light of an industry that's had its layoffs in the thousands.
I mean, hello?
This isn't empowerment.
This is... Well, it's empowering them to turn a profit and pay fewer people is what it's empowering.
It's absolutely terrible.
It's... I mean, and again, there may be a bit of jumping to conclusions on here because, of course, the first thing that you're gonna think of is how we've already seen AI be misused.
But, like...
The big thing about this is that it's not going to be co-pilot, it's going to be a replacement.
They've already started using some of these tools to cut the workforce in part.
And I understand, to a degree, having an AI assist
would be helpful, I think, used in tandem with actually paying people to fucking be creative.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
A computer isn't going to have the level of creativity that a writer is going to have or an artist or a designer.
They're not going to have the kind of emotiveness that a voice actor or a motion capture actor is going to have.
It's just not going to do it.
It's not near that level yet.
If it was something like, hey, I just designed all of these assets and I would like to get an idea of, you know, verify the database and let me know if these assets are going to be compatible with each other, you know, or, you know,
What assets do we have in the database that are going to apply to this?
And then let an artist go to work and make the best use of it.
You know, something like an assistive tool.
Yeah, that's it.
And they are phrasing it as an assistive tool, but I'm pretty sure that that's not what it's actually going to be.
There's way too much focus on it.
The industry has just dumped so much money into it.
And I'm a fan of machine learning.
You know, I think it's kind of interesting to see in general, you know, like how it works, you know, the theory behind it.
But in my mind, machine learning to me is advanced database access, right?
an entity that uses that database to do the job of a human, that's when you're getting into the dangerous territory.
I have no problem with machine learning.
I have a problem with how it's being implemented.
I hope that made sense.
DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Well, a lot of the ways that we're talking about AI is machine learning.
That's why I was quick to say earlier, I differentiated between machine learning and AI because AI is how it accesses the database that's learned.
It's like the difference between reading your book and being the brain.
Um, but when it comes to machine learning and, you know, um, the, a system type of thing, um, I do think it's going to happen in video games because I think as we see textures get more and more, you know, that's, that's what takes video games so long to develop in part right now is trying to create these 4k art assets and trying to animate things, you know, and so forth.
I think as we start getting into 8K televisions and even more frames a second and so forth, I think to bridge that gap in how long these art assets take to create, it's going to take some of that machine learning to make that happen.
But in that copilot sense, you know, still with the creative mind ultimately being in control, but using machine learning to, you know,
assist with those sorts of things.
That's where I sort of see this kind of coming in too, especially because too, that way with something like that, you're also able to feed it off your own company's information and you're not like feeding off of everything out there and stealing from all this stuff and that whole thing.
So that's all.
I just, yeah.
I do think it's going to happen in that end of things, and I don't think there's any getting around it, and I think, ethically, it's probably okay, because I sort of look at it as, like, it's just a really souped up, like, Photoshop filter.
Really, really, really souped up.
But like, that's what it is.
It's an automated process applying to your thing to get it to do what you need it to do.
Like I'm, you know, I'm extremely simplifying it, but that's like what I kind of look at it as.
But when it comes to the creative parts with like text and voice, oh god, especially like voice acting and that sort of thing and all that stuff.
Like, no, just don't.
Like you're gonna get what you pay for and the fans are going to see through it.
You don't need a glorified macro.
that's what you have people for.
It's ridiculous.
All right, well, let's move on to another pretty sad story.
But unfortunately, I think we kind of saw this one coming.
But yeah, just another bummer in 2023 gaming news.
Yeah, so finally Activision Blizzard has confirmed the end of the Overwatch League.
Now before we were kind of just, we saw the writing on the wall with that, but now they've officially ended.
They said we are transitioning from the Overwatch League and evolving competitive
Overwatch in a new direction.
We are grateful to everyone who made Overwatch League possible and remain focused on building our vision of a revitalized esports program.
And of course, they're going to have details in the future.
Right now, they've paid out the 120, or the 20 teams involved, a total of $120 million.
But then now that is, it is done.
So I guess we will see what new league or new way they do eSports is gonna be.
Like I said, they didn't really detail that yet, but... Yeah, interesting.
Well, yeah, and I can't help but think of like the Heroes of the Storm professional stuff and how that just kind of disappeared.
And then that didn't that didn't bode well for the future of that game.
I mean, it's still up, but it's in a very autopilot mode.
I don't see that happening with Overwatch, especially coming off of Blizzcon.
But it does feel like losing that is but I just I feel like Overwatch League
I think from the very beginning, well, the pandemic, you know, and all that, the COVID showing up and canceling live events for so long really didn't help.
Like, if you want to point at anything and go, that really kind of, like, stunted any growth that thing potentially had, I would say, you know what, it is COVID-19's fault.
I still think they made some missteps in like how they pivoted from Twitch to YouTube and then pivoted like they kind of kept moving it around.
And I really think they probably should have invested in a central place to do this because it's not like switching from Twitch to YouTube is not as simple as switching from ABC to CBS.
and I feel like executives don't understand what a shock they don't understand that that the way the viewer habits are they don't it's switching from twitch to youtube is not the same as switching from abc to fox or whatever and i i think that was a bad decision in the beginning as well um yeah phil and i in a chat says not to discredit all the hard work involved but i always feel like blizz esports are just for show stop trying to make them happen blizz
I, in some ways it did really feel like they were really put, cause they wanted overwatch to be, you know, e-sports has kind of been bubbling.
They all want it to be the next pro football, right?
They want it to be something televised.
And so, so overwatch was really just trying to position itself as like, okay, if any game goes big, it's going to be this.
And it did get like ABC coverage, you know, in the middle of the day on a Sunday, but it's still, it's still, you know, was there and was starting to, you know, kind of go through a little bit, but I just, I don't know.
I feel like if your goal is to be accepted by the traditional broadcast methods, then you're not really looking at the new, modern, traditional forms of broadcast and how to get successful there.
I don't know, it's complicated, but I just think all the moving around was not good.
So no, it was not helping.
Yeah.
No, but it's unfortunate because again, there's a lot of people involved in Overwatch League, a lot of people that work in that, a lot of hosts, a lot of players.
So it's just it's it's a bummer all around.
So maybe something more homegrown can grow from it.
But unfortunately, it's probably going to be a lot harder to get more mainstream coverage with that.
So, yeah.
All right.
Well, moving on, let's talk a little bit about Netflix's foray into more mobile games.
You know, we've been talking about this for a little while, that Netflix has been wanting to expand into doing more mobile games.
It doesn't seem like they're doing anything with it.
Like, it's just like, ooh, they've got mobile games.
Yeah, well, and they're usually things that aren't, you know, it's like, whatever, they're not interesting.
Like that Stranger Things original game was really not good, you know, and so forth.
But here's the thing is that Netflix is doing some interesting positioning
to try to make their libraries stronger because they just announced Hades will soon be available to Netflix subscribers on iOS.
Not Android right now, but it will be on iOS.
The thing about that is there isn't Hades on iOS yet.
So this is new and kind of exclusive to Netflix and Hades was a pretty solid game.
So that's going to be very interesting.
Braid, The Anniversary Edition, Upgraded Audio, Hand Repainted Visuals, New Animation, and apparently New World of Puzzles to Solve
also Commentary, which is kind of interesting.
So that is coming to Netflix as well.
That also will be coming to Windows and PlayStation and Xbox though, but you know, for mobiles, that's still pretty cool.
Death's Door as well going to be coming as well.
Katana Zero.
So you see the Netflix is trying to amp it up a little bit in that department so that what Loki just said is not what people continue to say about Netflix.
And I think the whole, you know, trying to get some exclusives in that department is a pretty big deal.
SGO100 Matt says the mobile games are just getting their foot in the door.
They're establishing itself as a platform before they start coming out with bigger titles.
All right.
Well, let's travel back to a simpler time in this next segment than before we had games on our mobile devices.
You played your game on your CRT TV and you liked it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
Alright, and DarkSakura, what did you pick as the classic game this week?
I picked Treasure of the Rudras, which is also known as Rudra no Hiho.
It is the game that I have started playing for Retro Night on Saturday and it's been on my list for a while and I decided just to
Go on in, you know.
But it is a JRPG that was released by Square in 1996, and it is the last RPG that they developed for the Super Famicom.
So it's a big one.
And it it brings in some elements from
I would probably say some different Indian faiths.
They talk of Rudra, which is a name taken from an aspect of Shiva.
And it talks about the wheel of creation and the wheel of time.
I will say right now, it's like with any Japanese RPG, there are so many elements taken from so many different cultures that I'm not going to go further and address that.
So basically, in the cycle of this game,
You show up when it's the age of humans.
So every 4,000 years, different races of beings, different species are wiped out.
You start off with like a
The previous ones, there had been the Danons, there had been the Merfolk, the Reptiles, the Giants, finally you're on the Humans.
And you start 15 days before the new cycle is about to begin.
And so you have three different scenarios.
One where you're playing Xion, the soldier, Risa, the princess, or an archaeologist named Serlam.
And each of them in their 15 days have this, it's called a jade, that gets like embedded in them.
And they are going across different tasks that they have to accomplish in those last 15 days.
And so you can actually switch out between the different storylines while you're doing it.
I'm kind of going through one versus the other, you know?
But at any rate, sometimes they meet each other, they have an effect on each other, and then it can affect the story and over.
So for example, if one character leaves a relic somewhere, another character can pick it up on their part of the journey.
So, you know, different things like that.
And then when you've done the three scenarios, you take on a fourth scenario involving, named the thief, Dune, who you run into in the rest of the, you know, earlier on in the story.
So it's very pretty.
The music is great.
I like the characters.
The character designer was done by Amemiya Keita.
and I'm trying to think what else.
He did some work for some of the Kamen Rider series.
He worked on Zerom, Mirai Ninja, Hakaider.
He worked on a lot of different stuff for TV.
Garou,
He also worked on Zyuranger, a couple episodes there.
This was a pretty big title, being one of the last ones that went on there.
No spoilers, please.
It was also the last game directed by Ide Kozy, who went on to retire after directing three titles.
This game still uses pixel art, even though 3D had already started being incorporated into some of Square's other games, like for example Chrono Trigger.
But one of the more unique things about this is that it has a word-based magic system.
In the fan translation that I'm playing through, they're referred to as mantras.
They are just called magic words in the Japanese version.
Basically, you learn basic ones, but you can mix and match parts of those mantras to create a different spell.
So, for example, you could change, like, say the first part of it makes it a fire spell, but it's only a single target.
You can rename
the second part of it to make it one that attacks everybody.
So, you know, you can make take something from being as destructive to a healing one that, you know, it's very, very in depth and kind of difficult to master.
I'm just gonna say right there.
Excuse me.
So, at any rate, the music in this game, the soundtrack was scored by SocietyUG.
It's a really, really pretty soundtrack.
I really, really like it.
And then the actual CD that came out had a track of the game's music called The Spirit Chaser by a group called The Stealth Boys.
And there's music in my sheet music.
So at any rate, this game was mostly positively received.
Famitsu gave it a 31 out of 40, for example.
There were some people who loved the actual notability.
the uniqueness of the magic system but also considered it to be a little bit too difficult for some people that the going in and out of the different storylines is a very novel approach to it that you can just switch around
There's some that have even said it's one of the best games ever to come out on Super Famicom.
The graphics in this are really, really good.
And the story is very...
Very ambitious is a good word for it.
I didn't want to take a word someone else had used, but it was considered very ambitious.
And I think that it is.
There's a comment from Destructoid where they compared the plot and the perspectives to kind of like Game of Thrones.
But of course, you know, the big complaint being the difficulty of the linguistic magic system.
But at any rate, I'm thoroughly enjoying this game.
I have just gotten... I'm probably two hours, of course, two, three hours into the game right now, but I'm really enjoying it so far.
I'm invested in the characters, and I'm really having a good time.
So, that's the game.
Rudra no Hiho, Treasure of the Rudra.
all right and you know i've never i've never really knew anything about this game so this is definitely like a hidden gem of sorts so i mean obviously if it didn't come out here uh i probably you know would be less familiar with it but um yeah i think it's that's pretty cool one of those views i didn't play before so for me it's all completely new i'm really real rob i think you should play through it i think you know i mean so far
The backlog of games I have is unreal right now.
But yeah, no, I yeah, I'd love to.
God, I need to quit my job and play games all day.
I'm going to become a streamer for a living.
How's that sound?
I'm going to be broke too.
Yeah.
Default on my mortgage.
Quest Buster in chat says doubling down with what DarkSakura is saying.
Typing in your own spells was a really exciting mechanic in this game for me.
Just really felt like a very creative thing to play with.
So there you go.
All right.
Love that.
Uh, okay.
Um, with that, we have some more stories coming at you.
Uh, we're going to do some really quick in a segment we call Rapid Fire News.
Uh, let's go to Loki.
Uh, yes.
So we have news, of course, that Super Mario Wonder sold well because it's a Mario game and it's on the Switch.
And so of course it did really well, uh, 4.3 million units globally in the first two weeks.
So that's pretty awesome.
It has become the biggest release for a Super Mario title so far.
I say so far because you know the next one will be bigger.
Super Mario RPG.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Yeah, maybe.
We'll see.
That's the big release coming out.
Not to spoil release dates, but I think most people are already tracking that.
Yep, and then we got news also, surprisingly, that Homelander, who is going to be in Mortal Kombat 1, is not going to be voiced by Anthony Starr.
I'm wondering if that has something to do with the whole actor strike thing that was going on.
But apparently, they asked if Homelander was going to be voiced by Anthony Starr on, I believe, Twitter and, oh no, I'm sorry, Reddit.
And they said, nope, he is not.
So that's strange.
They've already ripped the character out of Mortal Kombat 1.
Like you mean like the assets or whatever?
The assets have already been pulled from it.
Yeah.
All right.
But yeah, so that's unfortunate.
It would have been really cool, but it's still cool, though, that he's in the game.
Yeah.
All right, DarkSakura.
Um, a lot of folks are excited and a lot of people are crying as well for other reasons about it.
But, um, the Stranger Things chapter is back in Dead by Daylight.
We had gone over, you know, back when it was removed that it had to do, the theory was a lot with Netflix going into gaming and having their own Stranger Things game.
Well, we know what happened with that.
We don't want to say we told you so, but we're absolutely going to say we told you so.
So Steve and Nancy are back and so is the Demodoggo, I'm sorry, the Demogorgon.
And of course the Hawkins map.
And funny enough, I had never played Hawkins as a survivor.
Oh, I had only played as a killer.
Because you were a killer only then.
You hadn't discovered your love of survivor yet.
Interesting.
And the funny thing, though, is that.
Me having played as killer.
Made me super prepared for survivor on that match on that area, because I used to remember the places that I would forget to look at.
Remember them playing Survivor and, you know, some of the different turnarounds.
And the polyester room is still there.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, the shot, because there's a clip of the streamer that was looking for their room.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think there's only certain situations a nurse can go in.
I think it's only a nurse that can teleport into that wall.
Or you can clip through it.
But anyway, now there are some things going on with this that kind of have me upset.
And it's just because the achievements are not going to be enabled.
Sam and Dean will never be in a Dead by Daylight game.
I do not want them in a Dead by Daylight game.
They would have to be survivors and that's not going to happen.
Let's not traumatize me that way.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Supernatural.
Okay, I wouldn't know that.
I've never seen the show.
Okay, got it.
Okay.
So at any rate, you're not necessarily playing as the doll.
You are playing as Charles Lee Ray, possessing the doll.
So your first person perspective is as the ghost.
And you are watching the back of Chucky running around doing stuff.
I love how they solved this.
Because everyone was like, oh, he's too small.
It's not going to work.
The perspective is going to be wrong.
They made it work.
You play the ghost.
Their render of him looked like a picture of my dad.
I'm sorry.
Just like a picture of my dad in the 70s.
What's cool is that when you are picking up a survivor, hook them, the ghost manifests and carries them, Chucky in one arm and the survivor in the other.
And when the full one comes out, one of the premium skins is going to be Tiffany, voiced by Miss Tilly herself.
So I am so excited about this.
This you have you all have to understand Jennifer Tilly as Tiffany is gay rights.
I realize not everybody in chat or on the podcast is going to understand this.
I realize you have to understand Tiffany, Jennifer Tilly, gay rights.
There you go.
Yep.
But I mean, for anyone who is watching live, you can see.
Yeah, found some random people.
Everyone's like, oh, it's third person.
It's not third person.
Your first person as the ghost.
So I think that that's really cool.
Also, one of my favorite YouTube personalities, MintSkull, went through and did all of the Easter eggs.
His Mori is a combination of like six to seven different Easter eggs from the movies.
Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah, that's neat.
I think a lot of people were wondering like how they were going to make this happen.
Like a lot of people were saying, well, you can't get Chucky in Dead by Daylight.
It wouldn't work.
And they they found a way to make it work.
And I think a lot of people are really thrilled about it.
A lot of people thought they were going to pull like a Sadako and have it be like telekinetic or something, which no.
Or I imagine the hook coming down so that little doll could pull it.
Yeah.
So yeah, but no, I think that's the way that I really like how they did it.
And it's also a nod to the actual origin, even though I still swear looks like my dad doesn't.
It looks kind of like the actor, but it looks like a picture I have of my dad with his eyes rolled up like that.
Oh, I really hope the Tiffany one is Jennifer Tilly likeness.
I know they said it's announced.
Oh yeah.
They showed what it looks like.
Oh, I hadn't seen that yet.
Oh, goody, goody, goody.
Oh yeah.
Hold on.
Oh, I'm so excited.
Anyway, it's fine if you send it out, I'm not going to be able to bring it up, so it's fine.
I'll just I'll take your word for it.
So I'm excited.
Yeah, I knew her voice was in it.
I didn't realize they had announced the likeness too.
I missed that.
OK, but that's that's great.
Oh, heck yeah.
That's her.
That's honestly in my dead by daylight.
I play maybe one game every other day.
Like if that this this that is going to single handedly make me play the game more.
It will.
Like, I'm really excited about that.
So.
Alright, moving on with some other news in the gaming world.
Let's talk about the Gold Master series from Digital Eclipse.
A game that I thought was very good that a lot of people are sleeping on is the Gold Master series, The Making of Karateka, which was released.
Gosh, when did that come out?
It was a couple weeks ago?
No, it was more like a couple months ago at this point, maybe like six weeks ago.
But yeah, that was the first in the Gold Master Series.
Well, we know that another game is coming in the Gold Master Series.
As far as what the game is going to be, we'll find out on December 6th is when that is going to be announced, what the next game is.
Unfortunately, my story that said what that is supposed to tie to is not coming up right now, so I know it's some type of event that's happening.
Game Awards
We'll see.
Yeah, I and again, I thought the reason why I liked if you want to check out our YouTube channel over at VOG Network, Bobby Blackwolf and I did a deep dive on the making of Karateka together and why we liked it a lot.
And, you know, some of the things we'd like to see in a sequel and even theorize some games that could be coming because there were some very interesting cameos that I think lend itself to a hint.
But we'll see.
So, yeah, that will be announced on December 6th.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some game releases.
I think this is the last big game release week before we hit Thanksgiving, right?
So this is gonna be a big one.
Um, maybe next week there might be some stuff, but once you hit like that Black Friday Thanksgiving week, then it's just...
Dead.
Oh, you're right, we're looking ahead.
Yes, you're right, you're right, you're right.
This will be the last week of games, ever.
No more games, ever.
No more games, ever.
Okay, so coming out this week, we've got Spirit Tea on PC, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Astral Ascent on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
Coral Island on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Hogwarts Legacy on Nintendo Switch.
Invincible presents Adam Eve on PC
We have Karmazoo on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Refind Self, the personality test game on PC, iOS, and Android.
Super Crazy Rhythm Castle sounds awesome on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
It is a Konami game though, so...
UFO Robot, Grendizer, The Feast of Wolves, that's on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, American Arcadia on PC, Koi Koi Love Blossoms on PlayStation 5, The Last Faith on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series,
Teardown coming to consoles on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Assassin's Creed Nexus VR for Quest 2 and Quest 3 Flashback 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Jagged Alliance 3 on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
We've got The Kindman Remedy on PC, King of Fighters XIII Global Match on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
We've got Naruto, oh, I'm sorry, that's actually Japan, Small Saga on PC and Mac.
Yohane, TheParhelion, BlazeInTheDeepBlue on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Bluey, TheVideoGame on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
The Forest Quartet on Nintendo Switch, Hirahira Hihiru on PC.
Let's see, we've got Naruto x Buruto Ultimate Ninja Storm Connections on PC and Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Persona 5 Tactica on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Super Mario RPG on Nintendo Switch Tiger Blade on PlayStation 5
The Walking Dead Destinies on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Warhammer The Age of Sigmar, Realms of Ruin on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series And that is finally it!
And we knew it was going to be very busy.
All right, going over to Japan, let's check out the Nintendo Switch and the releases there.
Kabuto Kowagata in a deluxe edition, I'm sure a regular edition as well, which is not listed here, is coming out on November 15th over in Japan.
Also coming out on the Switch, Momotaro Densetsu World is out.
Also, Naruto X Boruto Ultimate Ninja Storm Connections is out in Japan this week.
I think that's the one Loki almost read.
The King of Fighters XIII Global Match is out as well from SNK.
That is on the Switch.
You can also check out Yohane the Parhelion, Blaze and the Deep Blue in a regular and limited edition.
You know it, that's happening.
We also have Monster Hunter Rise and Sunbreak being released together on the Switch.
That's a price reduction, I believe, as well.
With that, there's also, just in time for the holidays, a price reduction on the Resident Evil triple pack also coming out on the Switch.
You can also check out Persona 5 Tactica releases in Japan this week, and Super Mario RPG, probably your tentpole for the week, also coming out in Japan on the Switch.
because of course it is.
Heading over to the PlayStation 5 to see what is coming out there.
I don't bother to read Xbox in Japan because there really isn't anything.
But sometimes Sony has a few things and this week that Yohane the Parhelion Blaze in the Deep Blue is also out on PlayStation 5 and Guilty Gear Strive in a 25th anniversary box is out this week from Arc System Works and
I think that's actually, oh no, Persona 5 Tactica also out on the PlayStation 5 this week.
That is it for your Japanese releases.
So let's go over to Europe and I need to take a quick, quick AFK while Jamie's reading these dates.
So, for PC we have Farming Simulator 22 Premium Expansion.
This is on the 14th.
More on the 14th, we have for PlayStation, Xbox, Walking Dead, Destinies.
Switch, we have Kraken Odyssey.
For the 3, we have Super Crazy Rhythm Castle.
For PlayStation, Xbox, and computer, Farming Simulator 22 Premium Edition.
I will not mention the game By The Turf.
On PlayStation and Xbox, we have UFO Robot Grindyzer, The Feast of the Wolves.
We have, for PlayStation, this is on the 16th now, we have Eternites.
We also have The Walking Dead Saints and Sinners Retribution Payback Edition.
On the 17th, we have, for Switch and PlayStation, we have Race with Ryan Road Trip.
On PlayStation, we have Deep Rock Galactic Special Edition.
This is on the 17th, sorry, more on the 17th.
On PlayStation, Xbox Switch, Persona 5 Tactica.
On Switch, Super Mario RPG.
For the three, my time at Sandrock.
Also, Naruto, Crossbowtoto, Ultimate Ninja Storm Connections, and Bluey, the video game.
That would be it.
That's a big one for the week.
A lot of people love Bluey.
I have really good timing.
All right.
Let's go on for a few more news stories, and then we'll open it up for questions and chat and other participation from our live audience, as well as any emails from the podcast folk.
If we have any this week, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
But first, Loki.
So, Steam is going to be rolling out a new feature that allows you to mark games as private and hide them from your friends.
And so, of course, the first thing people think of is like, ah, see, you can hide all your porn games now.
Now no one knows that you can play the dirty games.
Or I guess no one can know that you play the games that you wrote a petition saying that you'd never play the game, you know, and then you did buy the game and played it.
So yeah, that'll be coming at some point.
I'm not exactly sure how that's gonna work.
It basically allows you to hide different achievements and stuff that you get.
Mark achievements, various gameplay, and screenshots as private, which is the current settings.
then they're just going to basically allow you to keep it private from everybody.
So that's cool.
So I can hide the number of hours I have on Dead by Daylight and not be so embarrassed.
Yes, you can.
Oh, good.
Happy to hear it.
All right.
I'm not embarrassed at all, because I got most of mine on Stadia.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I'd be like, you've only played like, yeah, and I still kicked your ass.
All right.
Moving on, DarkSakura.
Okay.
So, um, one of the biggest complaints about, you know, dancing games is that it's not very accessible for everybody.
And people love music and they love moving however that they can.
Um, Ubisoft is actually doing something a bit right.
But they're doing this.
They are, um, trying to put things in, uh, for, uh,
People who have difficulties in movement, they have invited actually over a kid 14 to their Paris studio to test out a version of Just Dance.
He has a muscle wasting condition called Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
He is wheelchair-bound, but he has upper body movement.
Basically, he was speaking with some of their choreographers and designers to help create routines for people in the game who are
He is a member of the Welsh Youth Parliament.
a lot
It's gonna be a long road, I think, to make a game 100% accessible to people, because there's things you can't account for in the game.
So, that's how it is.
But what I like is that...
one of their representatives was going and saying that, and her name is Stacey Jenkins, by the way, was that if you are a developer and you're interested in accessibility, you need to listen to disabled people.
Basically, don't make the decision for them, make the decision with them.
And so their whole goal is that with every iteration,
that they are able to open the audience more and more to the game.
And apparently this team had a really good time playing the game.
I'm glad.
Yeah, that sounds that sounds neat.
I'm glad they found a way to do that and kind of work that out.
I'm curious.
We'll see maybe it open it up to us because you know, Just Dance can be very popular with streamers sometimes.
I'm kind of curious to see if we see you know, maybe some streamers that are able to do this game that maybe couldn't do it before.
So now that this is an option, so pretty cool.
All right.
All right, well, let's move on to Loki.
Yep, I am extremely excited about this.
Finally, finally, we're gonna get Grand Theft Auto 6's reveal.
It is supposed to happen, according to Rockstar Games, early December is when they're going to be releasing their first trailer for the next game.
What else is in early December?
Plank, I couldn't think of anything else that happens to be early December that has big trailers in it.
Nope, not one thing starring Geoff Keighley.
So I'm wondering if that will make an appearance there or if they'll just do their own thing.
Although, although what a fucking power move if they release it that morning just before the ceremony.
That would be kind of a power move.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean,
It would be cool to see something like that.
But yeah, I'm excited since it looked, based off the leaked footage, it looked good.
So I can't wait to see the official reveal.
I'm going to be excited.
I'll buy it no matter what.
Of course you will.
I just won't play Grand Theft Auto online.
Probably.
Maybe.
All right.
Well, lastly here tonight, one thing you definitely won't be doing in the near future is participating in Twitch hype chats.
That's right.
Hype chat, you probably don't know it exists because we never talk about it here because I think it's, it's not, it just, it doesn't have a point.
What is Hype Chat?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Good.
Bye.
But now after five months of being out there, it will no longer be available from November 15th.
Twitch is saying, though, they're going to invest more into cheering and bits, and they make it sound like you will just be able to use bits.
to do what this used to do.
In a tweet, Twitch support wrote, based on the community's feedback, we've decided to depreciate hype chat on, excuse me, deprecate hype chat on November 15th and invest more into cheering and bits going forward.
We still believe in the value of pin messages and fast moving chats.
Viewers will be able to pin cheers with bits in the coming weeks.
So, I mean, it really sounds like they're kind of just shifting it somewhere else, but all right.
It's obvious that, you know, bits, subs, that's where the money is that people make on Twitch.
So that's that.
So again, November 15th is the end of that.
I'm going to say this right now.
If you want a say in some of the stuff that goes on on Twitch, make sure that you sign up for Twitch RPG.
their research program where they send out surveys or sometimes they'll even actually talk to people directly or they'll have you do input on certain features.
And like for a survey, you know, you might get 500 bits.
I got 500 bits for a survey.
You know, you are under an NDA with it.
But it's a way to look at some of these features and have your voice heard about it, whether or not, you know, if you like it or not.
I took a survey that I guess was under NDA this week, not related to that, but different because I always thought I just thought the concept of NDA was survey was a little silly because I was like, you're not like I'm just agreeing to take the survey.
I'm not citing my name and but what does it matter if this gets out?
So I don't know.
It's weird.
It was weird.
And the questions that I was being asked was not anything that kind of like wasn't already known.
So maybe they just don't want people to know they were surveying on it.
I don't know.
So I can't tell you what it is.
But if there were a game that I played a lot of and talked about a lot, it's very likely that company is going to target me for one of these surveys because I play a lot of this game.
So anyway, something to think about.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's move on.
Oh, go ahead.
Yeah, then.
Oh.
All right, let's go to the listener round table.
We want to invite you all to participate with our show.
Sometimes we get your emails.
Participate at orangelawntrading.com.
We also love to hear from you in our chat room if you have anything you want to ask.
And of course, there is always Discord, vognetwork.com slash discord if you want to say hello that way.
Let me go over.
The mailbox is empty.
Yeah, I figured that was the case.
It's a graveyard.
Yeah.
But that's that's good because you're probably not ready to use your voice all the time just yet.
So no YYR emails to test that tonight.
I will be on Dead by Daylight, but I'm not going to do very much.
And I might just switch over to Dreamlight Valley because my voice is already feeling it, if you can hear.
I have my nebulizer though.
Sj100 Matt says YYR will email about the DDR stuff soon enough.
Well, I don't know what I should say.
But I'm like, thanks to Pokemon Go.
I'm not sure why YYR would be available right now based on some things I've observed in Pokemon Go.
That's all I can say.
So but anyway, I look forward to possibly hearing from YYR next week.
So but let me see if there might be any last minute stories this week, Loki.
There is not.
Wow.
All right.
Well, it's it's gonna be a very, very busy.
Oh, yeah, Jimmy.
I just said, um, not me either.
Oh, okay.
Um, it's going to be a very, very busy week in, um, the gaming world with, uh, you know, Thanksgiving on the horizon and all these releases.
I think Super Mario RPG, lot of people going to be giving you their hot takes this weekend.
And I understand I'm probably going to be one of them, uh, really looking forward to that.
So this is, this is in a way it's kind of the, the capstone week of what has been an awesome year in game releases.
GameReleases
Review of this.
I don't think so.
There's usually not anything too big.
Sometimes Nintendo will sneak a small, small thing out, but a lot of yeah, what I'm looking at is sports.
Oh, I get the official release of Disney Dreamlight Valley.
Yeah, that's a stretch.
The Avatar game.
OK.
Is a thing, I guess.
Thanks for watching!
And be done with it and make me happy.
Yeah, I'd like to see that too, honestly.
But it's a lot of development.
A lot of people aren't releasing MMOs anymore.
You know, there's something coming from some of the folks that used to work on World of Warcraft kind of split off and did their own thing some time ago.
And I think we're supposed to, rumor is, we're supposed to see something on that.
I wonder if that's tied with the Game Awards too.
Based on some tweets and things of that nature, I feel like they're due to announce it soon.
And I wonder if that's going to be coming out of the Game Awards as well.
So it'd be very interesting.
Oh, thank you, SSJ100 Matt, for the update on the countdown timer, who says in chat, we are only 50 days away from Bobby Kotick leaving the industry.
That's great.
50 days away.
50 days too long, but the day is getting closer.
That's sure.
All right, well, we will start to wrap up the show tonight.
First, let me thank all of you for listening to the show tonight.
Thank you so much for listening, whether it was live or whether it was on the podcast feed.
We appreciate you taking a moment to check out our show and be with us this week.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So please tell a friend or two.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes goes an awful long way as well.
Let's go to DarkSakura, because I know you're setting up, as you just said, to do some Dead by Daylight for a little bit, and maybe some other stuff too.
You have a final thought for us tonight.
See how I feel.
My thought is don't be a shit to other people.
And listen to what people tell you.
Don't live in a echo chamber.
Just look outside of your own bias.
All right, have a good stream.
We will we will move over to Loki.
Your final thought tonight, Loki?
My final thought is I have a lot of editing to do this week.
More Minecraft videos to do, yeah?
Yeah, I got like one Channel 64 video and probably like one or two of the Deep Dark World stuff.
So it's a lot.
All right, busy, busy.
Well, I hope I hope the engagement is continuing its climb.
I know it's been a slow climb, but it's climb over there.
Yeah, it's moving up.
OK, gradually, like barely, you know, it's it's flat as flat as can be, you know.
Hey, every little bit helps.
I hope you continue to find that engagement and maybe that one thing that breaks through.
You never know.
You never know.
More shorts.
That's what it takes.
Meh.
I mean, I just figured Niantic just can't get anything right at this point.
But damn, I still play.
I still play way too much of their games.
What can I say?
I love to gamify my walks and my fitness.
It works.
So anyway, that does it, everybody.
Have a wonderful week.
We'll see you in seven days to do it all again and probably talk an awful lot about Super Mario RPG.
So I'm sure those of you that are picking that up later this week will have a lot to say about it.
So we'll talk about it next time.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
