Alright, we're back here with the Afterbirth, and you know, I think this might be one of
the longest shows on the records for us here at Orange Laundry.
We're almost already to 9 o'clock, so kind of interesting.
Alright, so we've got a lot of stuff we want to cover here in the Afterbirth.
Let's go ahead and start off with a little bit of how was your week, how was your day,
really quickly go around and see what's going on in our personal lives.
Remember, the afterbirth, this is the portion that is absolutely dearly special to those
of you guys listening live here on OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
We don't podcast it.
In fact, some people bootleg it.
I don't know why.
We don't talk about games at all.
We talk about us.
What's going on?
DarkSakura, how was your week, how was your day?
Being the diva that I am, I slept until noon today and then went to the grocery store.
Other than that, I sprained my wrist last Friday, which I might have mentioned on the
the show because my cat was being a retard and I was leaning over to pet her
and balancing myself on the the chair as I was getting up and she bumped into my
leg not me just enough off balance so my wrist is a little sore now it's actually
better but I couldn't play anything all week except Ragnarok it really got on my
nerves however you know I did play a lot of Ragnarok I also I have homework that
I've been putting off all week that I didn't do today. Good job. Yeah, I'm really responsible.
So it's going to be turned in late. And, uh, really that's about it. I've just had a very
busy week. All right. Uh, Xtaphir, how was your week? How was your day? Uh, the week
was fine. I, um, I was sick a couple days out of the week, but it's, it's already passed
and everything. I went back to Final Fantasy XI after you guys all went back and I decided
okay well I'll try a different character. So I'm not a white mage anymore and I'm not
a black mage anymore, I'm a thief. So yay, thieves. Because you know what, I play a rogue
in World of Warcraft and it's pretty much the same thing. Anyways, and then today I
had a good time with my boyfriend, actually I had a really good time with my boyfriend
whole weekend and yay shut up and we went into the video games live on friday which was cool so yeah
so yay boyfriend loki how was your week how was your day um my week is okay um
what did i do this week shit um well now i don't think i did anything too important i did play
more oblivion. That was fun. And tomorrow I'm supposed to be going to get a marriage
license, and so I'm actually taking the day off, and that's only gonna take about half
an hour, but I have to drive up to Placerville, and that's like, what, like an hour, not an
hour away, but like 30 minutes away. And no one likes going to Placerville, it's like,
you know, I don't...
It's just not allowed there. There's not a lot there.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Oh, and of course we went down to San Jose and that was fun.
And that was really cool.
Now I gotta mention though, when we were at Genji,
it is basically your Benihana's type of restaurant.
It's a teppanyaki.
Yeah, where they, you know, cook in front of you.
But they did...
Benny Hana's does this thing where they make, like, a volcano out of the onions.
Now Genji took it one step further that put them on top, as far as the onion section goes,
with me.
And that would be that they took the onion, and they made a little volcano, and they poured
the water in there, and then it caused the scene, ooh, a volcano.
Well then he took, you know, alcohol, poured the alcohol in there, and lit it on fire.
And that was freaking sweet.
They do that at another place in town called Katana.
Well, I don't care.
Wow. This is just cool.
Other than that, no, I didn't do too much else.
My week and my day was okay. I was still really sick this week
with my sinus infection. It just kind of kept me down for a little while and I didn't
really get to go to the gym at all, which kind of pissed me off, but
I'm better now. Yesterday was my first day with zero meds, zero anything, so I
feel much better now thank you very much and otherwise just been try been doing a
lot of gaming because you know just everything on the 360 and the DS and
Final Fantasy and all that stuff good times and I guess I Tuesday we already
pretty much talked about that was a great night and put down my DS X4 what
doing no what are you playing extra for I think Tetris alright dork alright
anyway I'm great radio let's go ahead and go to a segment oh here extra I'll
put you on the spot because you want to do a movie review so now you gotta put
it down haha I got you alright extra for wants to do a movie review tonight so
So Extrofer, what did you, oh wait, oh wait, I almost forgot. Sorry. I have to get your theme music.
Oh god.
Extrofer's movie review! What movie did you see this week?
V for Vendetta.
Alright, how was it?
And it was very well done. I really liked it. First of all, when we went into the theater I was really wanting to see the Snakes on a Plane preview.
because you know that's just really funny but um and I also want to get the
t-shirt that has the snakes and then plus plane equals snakes on okay when I
mentioned snakes on the plane to you you were like what is that that's stupid
well I still think it's stupid I think everybody yeah yeah and I want to see it
now but the movie itself it was really well done it really has a lot of
important issues in it that I think kind of pertain to today's current events and
everything and I think everybody should see it I think it's better than the
matrix is from the people who brought out the matrix and I wasn't a big fan of
the matrix but I really liked this movie a lot I think it's one of the best
movies I've seen this year two thumbs up yeah two big dicks up all right thank
you. Two snakes up. All right. Let's see. I mentioned there on the Skype line earlier.
Well first off, we're going to open it back up very soon here, but on the Skype line earlier,
we told one of our callers that we would actually take a look at this live on air. So I'm going
to try and pull this up here. Let's see if I can locate the file. It says MTV. Okay,
Here we go, so this is that MTV interview.
We haven't done Orange Lawn's Radio at the Movies in a long time.
So we have this MTV interview with Sketch, who's a DDR player.
Keep in mind, usually when we do Orange Lawn's Radio at the Movies, we have a chance to watch
this clip in advance and kind of prep what we want to say, but tonight, not the case.
So we're just going to watch this to see how it goes.
So here it is.
Dance Dance Revolution expert Anthony spends insane hours training for tournaments like
the one we're about to show you.
Now kids, I'm warning you, you try this at home and you're going to watch your knees
buckle and your ankles snap.
Now wait, hold on a minute. Isn't DDR something that's designed to be played at home?
Kids! I'm gonna warn ya! I'm stupid!
Okay, well I'm guessing that he's saying that because this guy
is going to do some insane tricks here. Guys, I apologize for the volume on this video
but the video volume is insanely low. I have it jacked up as high as it'll go, so
you'll just have to deal here for a little bit. Anyway, let's move on. Let's see what is so
frickin' insane about this.
bar-humping
well yes kids kids do not allow yourselves to bar rape at home because
that's what they're doing in this little clip right now is they're bar raping
because they don't rape the couch bar raping by the way for you non DDR folks
it's when you hold on to the bar while you play which is not dancing
I'm sorry that's not dancing. Well neither is DDR technically. Well I know.
But you know what, when you play doubles and some of that freestyle stuff you see now
that's dancing. Bar raping is not dancing.
Anyway moving on. For most of us Dance Dance Revolution is something you do for fun.
But for Anthony Carella here, the New York City DDR champion, quite possibly the best in the world,
this is really serious business. Seriously. I bet about,
no offense to this guy, I don't know him, but I bet there's about 50 people on the
internet waiting to dispute this claim.
and you know that there's people jealous that this guy got TV time
we know what it's not like you know she's
MTV doing actual research on something
now yeah okay anyway I am in no and I'm not gonna doubt this guy's good I've
never seen I'm just gonna say there are going to be 50 people lined up
wanting to dispute that claim that's all I'm saying
I just started playing about four years ago
I found like solace in the game because I had a breakup with my girlfriend
And it's a dick thing, man. I can't stop playing. I just love playing it.
Okay, I'm sorry. That's lame. He's playing. Not his reasoning.
They made him play DDR while he's being interviewed. That is
that is the ultimate in cheeseball. I'm sorry. Really stupid.
Whoever attributed MTV with doing anything really intelligent
other than remote control. Sometimes me and my friends would wake up at nine
o'clock, go down to Coney Island, play all day.
Go home at eight o'clock, wake up, do it again. We would do it for about a week.
it usually runs me not even gonna lie about 20 to 40 bucks every time i go to the arcade
which by the way you'll notice this guy is one of the skinniest people i've ever seen in my
life and that's why right there that is a look at that he is skinny very very skinny
from about 2003 to 2004 i was undefeated in all new york city fair options tournaments
Yeah, that's because you're on the East Coast.
Oh! Burned. I'm just teasing.
Here comes all the hate mail from the East Coast. This guy, you asshole.
I'm teasing. It's a joke. I'm just starting shit.
I take pride in saying that I'm one of the few people, if not the only person in the world, that can stealth
every hard 10-footer in the game backwards. Meaning I could do it without looking or I could turn the arrows on.
Well, let me put it this way. If you can stealth it going forward, you can stealth it backwards.
Sorry, I restarted the video.
No, sorry.
And, it's a dick thing, man. I can't stop playing, I just can't.
Sorry, you gotta hear some of it over again, cause I fucked up.
Sometimes me and my friends would wake up at 9 o'clock, go down to Coney Island, play all day.
I used to wake up, or not wake up, I used to go, like, after midnight, go down to CCL and play until 3 in the morning.
That is pretty hardcore.
Okay, here comes the stealth line again.
From about 2003 to 2004, I was undefeated in all New York City fair options tournaments.
I take pride in saying that I'm one of the few people, if not the only person in the
world that can stealth every hard 10-footer in the game backwards, meaning I could do
it without looking or I could turn the arrows off.
That just takes some insane memorization.
I mean, you really do have to play the game a lot to know those songs, you know, like
the back of your hand.
active repetition. Didn't you say you played so much love on DDR second mix that you
could do the same thing? Yeah. Yeah. I used to do that Dynamite Rage. It's Dynamite Rave by
the way I don't know I don't know if you've ever played the song before. God it's been that long
since I've played I actually forgot the title. You remember who was it Enrique who used to play
with us when he and I would play um love to me backwards just repetition. I'm sorry I don't know
this whole thing what's all about cuz I've been playing Tetris but I just
heard him say that and everything and I'm like it takes somebody so arrogant
and so full of themselves to say that I'm like the only person in the world
who can do this because I'm pretty sure he's not to this guy's credit though MTV
is probably coaxing this out of him you know what I mean like I I know these
interview people can be sometimes and it he's probably I don't know I don't know
this guy so I'm not going to assume anything.
I work out. I'm not working out to get fit. I'm working out to see if I can get a better score on a song.
I'm not listening to music. I'm thinking of ways that I can get better and do things better.
Alright dude, so you have a huge tournament coming up. The huge championship, right?
You can't train 24 hours a day in an arcade. So what do you do? How are you prepping at home?
I got the pad at home. I'm playing on the pad. I also have these step charts that I'm
looking at. They're step charts of the hardest songs in the game, cheat sheets if you want
to call them. I'm looking at those patterns and I'm trying to figure out what I'm going
to use on people, what I'm not going to use on people. I'm trying to get my confidence
up because it's not only a physical thing, it's a mental thing.
You think you're going to win this tournament?
I'm winning. It's not even a question of whether I think I'm going to win or not. I'm winning.
Let me explain to you who these people are.
This is New York's finest CDPD.
What I'm focused on most is tech expert.
You're ready, sketch.
I'm ready, let's go, let's do it.
It's going to be very competitive.
A lot of the best players from the country are in it.
This is for $2,000.
Here we go.
I have the speed mile record for New York City.
I was the first person to get the highest score
and the hardest only course in the game,
which is a marathon course.
I've cleared over a thousand beats per minute.
I would rank myself up there.
I would rank myself the best, I mean.
Me, me, me, me, I, I, I, I, I.
A thousand beats a minute?
Uh, what?
I think he's talking about the arrow scroll speed.
I know, but.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Whatever.
Not to sound cocky, but I work hard for it.
Not to sound cocky or anything,
but did I mention how awesome I am?
We had it taken off.
hold on hold on extra for hold on
let's reaffirm something here how how how much about this whole DDR in the
culture everything do you know about
I don't know that much actually so as an outside observer repeat what you just
said off the microphone
I think having the bar behind him is cheating
because it's he's leather it's letting himself push on them numbers faster
and there's two numbers just
just arrows
my adrenaline is through the roof right now um best feeling i've had in my life
me and my friends are probably gonna go and celebrate and this is gonna hang in
my house and that's how it's gonna be yes
you're gonna hang the trophy in your house it looks like the same type of
trophy they give you for little league all right um here's some comments from
our chat room right now let's see uh jaded 2006 says lol i can do max 300
stealth uh let's see popanda 21 i'm the only person in the world that's perfect
uh let's see um sex testicle let's see uh where's the one somebody said something about
oh illusion says i could clean out my vagina with this guy
Zachu says, oh, Zachu says, fuck you man, try doing a ten-footer with six options, Extrofer.
Ooh, burn.
He just threw down.
I don't fucking care.
Oh wait, did I cause controversy? It's okay, just why don't you masturbate or something, it's okay.
like someone else in the tournament and he came in like third or second or something like that
and how this interview would end.
You know I still don't think he's as cool as the guy who did DDR on crutches.
Alright. The guy with one leg. Alright you asked we did we uh we uh went ahead and
talked about the video on the show I don't know if that's the res-
I don't know if that's- For the record I still think it's cheating.
I don't know if that's the response you wanted buddy, but sorry we call him as we see him
I might add his soft pad they had at home is
Red octane, you know wannabe pad. They look like crap skype lines open if I want to call
Let's just see who gets on there first
first.
I'm trying to wait for our British guy to call back because I promised we could get
him on.
I'm kind of secretly hoping Zach will call back too.
Hey Rob.
Yes.
I'm so awesome.
I can pass every song and I'm perfect.
Shut up.
We got a call back.
Hi.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Simo again.
on no video this time that's all right how you doing simil yeah that should sort it out now
all right what's on your mind buddy um just about the ddr dancer uh-huh what about him
um basically just one thing
when he's actually dancing and everything why doesn't he just spend the 40 a day or whatever
whatever he's doing to buy a machine for home?
I don't know, that's a good question.
Well, you know, it's one of those impulse buy things.
It's harder, you know, we could probably say the same thing
about we pay $30 a month to do this radio show
and at that rate we could have bought our own server by now, you know what I mean?
I can't really talk. I did.
You built your own machine.
The difference between going out and spending $3,000 on a machine
and spending, how much did you spend on yours?
$3,000. That was the exact same conclusion I came to.
I was like, you know, I'm tired of playing in an arcade where all the machines are broken, so I'm gonna build my own. I did.
He doesn't get the recognition that he would get if he's playing it in front of people, so I think it's an arrogance thing, actually.
It's an ego thing.
He wants people around him to feed his ego. I mean, that's obvious, the way he was talking himself up, that he needed ego fodder.
I don't you know what I'm taking this with a grain of salt because I think I think the MTV guys might have embellished it
A little bit you know I just I those words came out of his mouth that is true
But I I know the power of editing and I think there could be something interesting going on here anyway
What else is on your mind simil?
Okay, well, thank you so much for calling back, and I'm sorry I didn't work out on the show earlier
That's okay. All right. Have a good one buddy. Thanks a lot all right. Bye. Bye
Bye.
Bye.
And get some sleep soon.
All right.
Oh, did I hang up on him?
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
Oh, whoop.
I hung up on somebody else.
Sorry.
All right.
There we go.
Let's go to this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah.
It's me.
Yeah.
I guess it was a bad idea after all.
I mean, it's all right.
I mean, I can understand the criticism, but that's okay.
I mean, you call it as...
You pretty much called it as you see it.
Okay.
for me is that because you have you met this guy being on the outside I've met
this guy I've hung out with this guy you know on several occasions was this a
fair assessment of him um he's pretty much I mean if you get to know him he
doesn't sound very it doesn't sound as arrogant as you know it doesn't sound
you know it doesn't sound arrogant at all you really know how awesome I am
very humble we got to knew it's just you know when he gets the opportunity to for
these types of things he tries to market himself but you know as I said once you
get to know him he's pretty much very humble he just hates it you know he he
doesn't care about what other people says because he doesn't feed into that
negative negative but he knows how to strut his stuff on the catwalk right is
basically because he pretty much he has to put foot to ass to his skills put it
that way he didn't just magically get you know get them it was a long way up
there I respect that four to five years of hard work trying to get up to that to
that level okay you don't do that by showing off you earn people's respect
he you know this guy doesn't win all the time I mean you know when he loses he
learns from his mistakes to get better and you know honestly people like him or
you know our prime example of what a TDR player should be I totally disagree
with well that's the best ER player the world can be complete jackasses no no I
didn't mean being an asshole or anything I just mean it just meant as
you know someone who wouldn't you know blatantly show off someone's very humble
I'm sure if he were truly that humble he wouldn't be such a braggart remember
and usually in real life he could prove that to you but the thing is that he's
making himself sound like he wins all the time and you yourself said no not he
does it depends you know mostly he's one of the best one of them but he was he
himself was saying he was the best believe me there are other people that
are up to his level and I'm from New York I would know it did say exactly to
be fair though he did say in that video that he was you know he was he was
bragging about being you know the best so but I mean but I I understand you
know but I'm trying to give this guy a break because I understand that kind of
energy that having an MTV person in your house can kind of give you that sort of
thing you know you're gonna make yourself sound like the shit I
Understand that what happened to the Asian people weren't they the best at it what the Asian with the stereotype
No
Though I honestly would like to I would honestly like to see see that guy versus like a
Tigger or a
Who's that?
bitsy j s b now that our j s b i mean this guy's played pickles you know what
i want to talk about a pump
pompous nevermind i'm not one you mentioned
i'm not gonna i'm not gonna go there cuz i'm gonna get more hate mail you know if
you go to digital life this year guys you probably will see him
and if you you know if if willing you probably will get the chance to
interview him can't can't wait can't wait
i can't wait to meet him all right zack we have a good one
all right later we wanted to give you a fair counterpoint here on the program
Alright, I know some of you guys are trying to get in, but we're way past the three hours of our lives that we've set aside for this program, so we're going to try and get back into it, we want to do the cage match, maybe we'll open up Skype a little later, because I saw some people calling in that weren't trying to call during the live show, so I want to see if I can maybe get a couple of them.
Yeah, I gotta make a song.
Yeah, when are you going to make your stinking song?
I was working on it and I keep, I have a really bad thing with writer's block right now and I've been trying to get past it. I've been like taking breaks from stuff and you know going back to it and it's just not working.
So, my thing is now is I'm gonna make a song.
I don't care how crappy it is, I'll submit it. Because
I've got to do something. So I can at least listen to the other songs so I can
play them on the show. Alright, we're gonna get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match now.
It's a very important part of our show.
After all that fighting, what more appropriate thing to do than the Orange
Lounge Radio Cage Match? Let me readjust the volume levels here so I don't blow out
your speakers at home.
The way the Orange Lounge Radio cage match works, three songs go into the cage match,
one from each co-host here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You guys vote for your favorite, and the winning song goes into rotation all week long here
on Orange Lounge Radio's 24-7 Bimani and Video Game Music program, and let's start off with
a clip of last week's winner.
It was my pick, because I'm special, okay not really, but you guys did vote for it.
Deep Dish with a song named after the town where Orange Lounge Radio broadcasts from.
West Coast yo, it's Deep Dish with Sacramento, song number one, it's a nice case measure.
I'm just a man
California's sleeping and you've got me weeping
I am just a man
I can't help the feeling that love is always stealing me
Loosen hand, Loosen hand
Loosen hand
Don't understand
Don't understand
Hi there, it's song number one in our cage match, Eat Dish with Sacramento.
Let's get into song number two, which has come to us courtesy of Loki.
Loki, what did you pick for us tonight?
I picked the song by quarter.
He's the guy that did some stuff on diverse systems.
I want to say he might even be working on stuff now.
There's a lot of those diverse system artists that crossed over to DJ Maxx and Odo Jamz.
So, he might be on one of the- on TJ Maxx, but I can't remember.
Anyways, um, this song's called Grand Parade, and I completely picked it out at random, so...
Alright, we'll see if, uh, random picks are successful for Loki. Here's song number two tonight.
quarter with Grand Parade. Enjoy!
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Song number two, Quarter with Grand Parade, let's go around and parade and cover that
song in rose petals during the parade, or cover it in poop. Dark Sakura.
I give the fact that it finally ended a 10. Other than that, I give it a 3. It was very
repetitive, very boring, very...is it ever over yet?
Alright. Loki. I give it a 5. I actually stopped listening to it after a while. Alright. I
also give that song a 5, because that song reminds me of something from 2DX 5th style.
Like a very generic 2DX song, spread out across about 25 minutes.
Xtavor, you wanna rate that song?
Um, I don't- I don't even remember it.
So I give it a zero.
Alright kids, Dark Soccer has a chance to redeem, I guess, a little bit here.
Wow, we all panned that one.
Dark Soccer, what do you think of song 3? What's coming up?
This is a group, I believe they're from the Bay Area, called Babyland.
they are sort of a synth industrial pop punk. They do some of everything like
their drum kit is like metal tubs and pipes. They're really
amazing. The song is called Jerry, I think is how it's pronounced. Yep. And actually
there's a video for this that's up on their website too, but they're just
fantastic. I'm going to see them in Berkeley on the 15th next month. So it's
an indie band. Indie! Oh yeah, I go indie as often as I can. Alright here it is
star number three, Babyland. Jerry, enjoy.
We build from experience We go on, because we know there's nothing more than wanting
Conquest past the bitterness To hold on, and you know there's something worth awaiting
This is the part of me I understand though
I know I can't control the wonder of it all
I truly have a feeling
Don't tell me I'm wrong
I'm living on to the part of something new
Straight lines and stereotypes are the fun
As nature continues to crawl, curved lines in the big city skies
The bright lights in the open your eyes, in your eyes
We grow from experience
We go on because we know there's nothing worth inquittin'
To bow down to the negatives
We hold strong because we know there's something worth awaitin'
This is a part of me not understandin'
No, I can't control the wonderful surprise
It's building, it's building
Don't tell me I'm wrong
I'm living hard to be part of something new
The straight lines and the stereotypes are gone
As nature continues to crawl
Curved lines in the big city skies Bright lights and open your eyes, in your eyes
We live for the experience We go on because we know there's something to this wanting
I want to see your mask in your eyes
There, in your eyes
Let's go!
I got the sleep of the plan
Do what I can, set it aside, cause I know what I am
And I apologize if you can't comprehend
You know the easiest way, get through each day
But adding on in the smallest way
Can't wait to see what tomorrow will bring
Your eyes
Your eyes
Your eyes
All right, that was song number three in tonight's cage match, Babyland with Jerry.
Let's go around and see what the folks thought of that.
Dark Sakura!
Ten, and I'm gonna see them next month.
That rocks.
Loki.
Eh, I don't know.
Seven.
Okay.
Extifer.
I haven't been being... no, no, it was good. I liked it. It was better than the last one.
Seven.
Oh, I like the music. It kind of sounds like the Postal Service, but like, I don't know,
like a little more hardcore, which is pretty cool. The vocalist was a little screamy for
me though. I don't like the screamy guys. I don't know. Not my thing. But I like the
I thought musically it was good. So I give the music a nine. I give the singing a little less
So I think I'll give it a seven and a half overall
All right. So let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight. Here we go
Starting off with song number one deep dish with Sacramento
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Quarter with Grand Parade.
Imagine that for about five minutes. Song number three is Babyland with Jerry. Sorry,
Loki. All right, guys, place a vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat
room with your vote and we shall reveal the winner a little later in the program.
Well, Dan, we're running really late tonight. We've been on air for three and a half hours now.
Can you believe that?
I know. It's like the old days when we did the podcast after.
I know, but we just had a lot to say tonight. Pretty crazy, I guess.
We are some chatty, chatty people.
That's right. Loki, what the hell are you doing online over there? I see you doing something
game related. I can't see what she's doing, but I can see what you're doing.
Loki?
I'm just looking up the achievements for Redracer 6.
They're hard.
I can't remember where they are.
You know most games give you like one really easy achievement, like power on the game and
kill one monster and you get like 5 points, Ridge Racer don't give you any of that.
You have to like 360 and you get 5 points.
I can't even, I thought I did a 360 but I guess that's just my car spinning around a
lot because I hit a wall.
I finally broke the barrier in Ridge Racer, I was able to beat the first race finally
so I, and then like after beating the first race I was able to clear like 10 races.
Like really easy.
So I don't know, I finally got over my Ridge Racer handicap, I guess.
What is that about Splinter Cell or Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter?
It says it only has 925 achievement points.
I thought it had a thousand.
So there's like...
No, every game has a thousand, except that one.
For some reason.
That has 925.
I don't know why.
You got robbed of 75 points somewhere.
Stupid.
I have 1340 out of 14625 based on what I own.
And you have a perfect 1000 in full auto now, huh?
Yeah, I have full autos finished.
So I have 50 out of 50 for that.
Good job.
But like, there's games I bought, you know, now, at the time at launch, you know, I thought,
oh, those are gonna be really cool games, you know, like Perfect Dark Zero.
And I haven't played, I've played that twice.
I couldn't get into Perfect Dark Zero.
I understand where people are like totally loving this game. I couldn't do it.
I liked the club. I liked the club level in that game. That really was the most fun level
to me. But I can't play it because I get motion sick.
Yeah, it's just, it's just, I've played mostly the arcade games. Like most of my achievements
are little 200 pointer games.
Well, I have a lot of the arcade games. Like, I need, here's the ones I got to play through.
Because I'm playing on selling some of this stuff back. Full auto, I'm debating whether
I want to sell it back because I do like the game, but I'm kind of done with it, and there really isn't
In multiplayer wise it's only two player, and there's not really any good deathmatch type you know
You know stuff for it, so
I'm thinking probably just gonna sell that one back
But the other games I want to like blaster real quick the outfit
I need to go through that real quick because it's a cool game, but uh I
Don't know. I just haven't really played it online
online. Call of Duty 2, I'm kind of getting tired of that game, so I need to finish the
whole game on, I guess, Veteran, which should be friggin' hard. And Ghost Recon, eh, I just
need to play that more. It'll be, I think, a lot more fun. I don't know, Need for Speed
Most Wanted, that game looked kind of lame, so I just have to go through that. Then I
need to borrow your Cameo, because I started achieving points on that, and I sold mine
Yeah, you can borrow that. I want to play Burnout, so we'll make a little trade or something.
Maybe Amp 3 or something. Well, I'm almost... I'm on rank...
Wait, do you have Amp 3, like with you?
I had Amp 3.
Oh, damn you.
Why?
I need to play more games.
I sold it back, but I'm gonna probably buy it again.
Okay.
Because it actually, for those who might not know that out there, it dropped in price to $39.99.
Oh, that's cool.
So, if you can find it, great, um, actually now I can get games through my work, so all
the new release games I can get for cost plus 7.75% or tax.
So let me borrow Need for Speed, I'll let you borrow Cameo.
I need something I haven't played yet.
Well, I can let you borrow Need for Speed, I've got like, yeah, sure, alright, it's a
cool game.
Something you're not playing a lot of.
It's a cool game, I just, um, I just haven't really gotten into it yet.
Okay, that'd be cool.
Because I want to get some more achievement points too. I'm feeling like achievement point
whoring it up a little bit.
I swear to god that shit is crack.
Is it?
It gets me to buy games I wouldn't normally buy.
See, that's Microsoft's got you. Buy the balls.
Alright. To be honest, I do buy games just for the show to talk about them.
You know what? I find that to be my weakness too. In fact, I was just commenting.
We were in Fry's the other day and I was just commenting to somebody that like,
Oh my god, I started buying a lot more games when we started doing this program.
It's bad. Just to give me more to talk about on the program,
we need to get gaming companies to send them to us for free. I think that should be our
mission at E3 this year.
Well no shit, I'm selling them at work. We're supposed to be getting them sent to us,
but
certain people in certain parts of Texas are cock blocking me when it comes to
getting free products sent, so.
All right.
Xtavor, you had a comment you wanted to make a little bit ago.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry if I offended anybody tonight.
I just thought I would be a little bit gentleman-like and say that. Extend my
apologies.
He got a good lashing during the cage match. No, I'm teasing.
I'm glad to hear it. Alright, anyway, let's do the winner of tonight's cage match, shall we?
You guys wanna hear who won? Sure.
I will let you know that song two did get one pity vote.
so uh... you know i didn't get it was it wasn't all for nothing mochi
uh... but in the end only one of the other two songs could be victorious and
it was
gerry
indian
with the screaming guy
okay a lot of their other stuff is a lot more industrial sound and you know so
his screaming does fit but that one
i actually thought that you would like that one for the synth poppy i do i like
I love the music. The guy's voice is a little wacky.
They have Myspace up that's got more of their stuff on there too.
I'll check it out.
Speaking of Myspace, we're on Myspace.
Yes we are.
We love Myspace.
Get this, Echo Image has a Myspace.
The singer from Echo Image freaking commented on my Myspace.
That made me such a screaming little girl earlier this week.
I mean seriously, that is so cool.
So check that, Echo Image is on Myspace.
Azoic is on Myspace as well.
I'm trying to think of other DDR bands I saw in there.
I don't know, but Orange Launch Radio is on there too.
just uh... it's what myspace.com slash orange andreo i think and uh...
there's clips of our show and i'll probably put the chocobo clip up from
tonight because that was pretty funny. We'll link the MySpace in our live journal community.
I think we posted there before but we need more people to join. We only have fifty friends.
I know there's more than that listed in the show.
We're being total MySpace whores now but we will not spam.
We might leave comments... I'll have to say that fifty in the first couple of weeks is not bad.
It's not bad at all.
We might leave comments that says thank you for being... we have to come up with some
funny Myspace pictures so maybe we'll work on that this week and leave you
guys some comments but we will not send random messages to people saying hey
you're a fan of such-and-such you should listen to Orange Laundry at no I hate
that shit I always report that stuff for I always flag it for spam abuse so we
might we might comment on your right on your Myspaces though if you don't like
us commenting on your Myspace you can delete it we won't be offended but we're
gonna comment alright I think that's it I know we have chat room F used to do
too, but honestly I kinda wanna just wrap it up. Yeah, I need to go. Yeah, one more
thing. Sorry chat room, but we know you're angsty too, but we'll just have to get that
in another time. So just yell them out real quick in the chat room. Do an F-you post on
our live journal community. There you go. Alright, that's gonna do it for now though.
Oh, I need to check. During the cage match I actually ran out and took a picture of my
Xbox with the Mario background. I'm going to try and upload that to the forums if the
picture finally posted here. Look for that on our forums a little later. I think that's
about it, you guys. Have a good one. Thank you so much for listening.
I'm sleepy.
I know. I'm not hungry, but I need to eat something light. I want dessert. That's what
I want.
That's light?
I'm hungry. I don't want to go to the Lions.
No, I don't want to go to the Lions. Well, maybe. We'll see. Maybe. Maybe. I don't know.
I don't want to go to a restaurant.
play ragnacrack online sounds fine i see i need to i need to play final fantasy 11 because i know
shane will have out let me i've eaten plenty of food i had a piece of cheesecake for freaking
breakfast that's okay no it was six carp cheesecake from cheesecake factory that stuff is crack
wait actually they can't hear you i'm sorry when you don't say that i'm not going i'm going to
lions i don't understand what you're saying i don't speak i'm not going to lions i'm going
Going to Lions later, not today.
Aww, tonight.
Alright.
Okay, you can wake up at 5.30 in the morning for me then, you know, and do my job for me.
Let's go around and get everybody's final, final thought, uh, DarkSakura.
My final thought is, uh, streaming media.
Loki.
How am I gonna fit in playing games, making music, have to work on a webpage, have to
work on the other web page and uh... life. Well, thank you for that downer. Extrofer,
your final thought. I'm certainly going to hell, but, and I'm gonna see y'all there,
so hey! Hey! And here it is, kids, your fortune cookie message of the day. Who is this superhero?
No. Sarge? No. Rosemary, the telephone operator? No. Henry, mild-mannered janitor?
Could be. Hong Kong Phooey, number one super guy.
Hong Kong Phooey, quicker than the human eye. He's got style, a groovy smile, and a vibe that just won't stop.
When the going gets rough, he's super tough with the Hong Kong Phooey Chop!
Yeah! Hong Kong Phooey, number one super guy.
Hong Kong Phooey, quicker than the human eye.
Chicka-chow, chicka-chow, chicka-chaka, chicka-chow, chicka-bop-bop, driving the bow-wow-wow.
Hong Kong Phooey!
Fantastic!
All right kids, that does it for tonight. We'll see you guys back here next week. Have
a great week and that's it. We're going to go back to our video game music program, so
So please reconnect to the stream in about 15 seconds, alright?
Have a good one!
