Hi, we're back here for the Orange Launch Radio Afterbirth, the part of the show that's
too hot to podcast, because Bugd is going to show us his boobies right now.
Whew!
Hooray for boobies.
That's next week.
Alright, so here we are, just kind of chilling, sitting back here, kind of decompressing a
little bit from tonight's show.
You know, the first half of tonight's show is an hour and a half?
Craziness.
Crazy.
That's, I think, our longest segment we've ever done.
Wait, you have three ha-
We just can't shut up, like, ever.
You have three halves of a show.
Yeah, seriously.
Um...
Oh, I like this, you like this.
Right at the end of the show, here comes, uh, Bobby Blackwolf from AllGames.com into the chat room.
He just came in there and he said, uh, let's see, da-da-da-da-da.
Uh...
I said, what's up?
And he says, you're cancelled.
I'm like, what?
He said, oh no, just messing with you guys.
What a jerk! You jerk!
My whole problem with Captain N, like I said...
Wait, wait, this is random. Where's this coming from? This is because of the Captain N thing.
He was actually replying to me. Gotcha.
My whole problem with the Captain N thing is because I loved following the
stories
ever since I was little and to see characters that I had loved in the games
being just trashed so horribly
for the sake of marketing just completely pissed me off.
Even though I did watch the show religiously cuz like the Zelda episodes were redeeming
I thought the Tetris thing was pretty freaking funny
But and that and I love mother brain and the eggplant wizard Dennis Hopper as Koopa. Yeah, there was that yeah
There was that
but
There were just so many things I could not get over in that even as a little kid that to this day. I have this
long-standing, I wouldn't say a hatred but a frustration with the whole Captain
N franchise. You know what's funny? The fact that I never watched Captain N. No, not Captain N. I was reading
there was another news story that came out this week regarding G4 and how
they're doing Star Trek 2.0 on their station basically putting on the old
episodes of Star Trek and having a bunch of different counters and stuff like
how many times you know spot Star Trek exactly it's like how many times you
know Spock says you know logical or illogical and like crap like that have
they stopped playing video game programming on that station because or
new video game programming maybe other than attack the show because they have
like a lot of filler and I don't understand why they got rid of these old
shows
i kinda don't care i'd i just don't care anymore
i have we have the internet
the hell with cable
internet is for porn
the internet is not for porn guess what kids skype lines open we thought we'd
take some calls here after the uh... podcast
let's see what's on your mind so let's go to the uh... skype line
hi you're on orange lounge radio after birth
lucky you
hi who's this
is the input highs and report what's on your mind
who would
uh...
a lot of stuff
like he's also you sound sick
sander you sound sad tonight
do you know how do you think that people
sort of
but i i went to a concert like
uh... saturday or whatever
mhm they are really really really bad whiplash so
all crap that's that's what was the concert
it was uh... christian concert
without with a youth group
christian death metal
there was a
is christian death metal
yet i heard it before
can you wish it up
so having pride if you guys having problems of life is sixty five uh...
we've got issues right now with this is all stupid like this is a private grade
with the d m c a stuff where if we're not sending live
uh... track data to them they pull the plug on us god that his meal i swear
we're
i'm so angry with this i i we would like to see five for four years now and it
seems like
uh... making our lives more
frustrating the x we're gonna have a chat soon about this cuz i'm getting a
little
tired as poopy
there anywhere else you guys could go
we're thinking about doing something independently but we just don't know if
we have the resources so with is not cheap
we we were hoping somebody bigwood put an offer to buy us out for a million
dollars but as soon as that won't happen i guess we'll just have to fight for ourselves
or we could you could put up like a paypal or something
but i'm trying to fix the olr thing right now so we'll see what happens here
uh so anything else on your mind zander um i wanted to talk about guitar man a little bit
okay what's up cuz I got it for my birthday and have any of you beat it no I
never have we've got almost got it beat at my house but it wasn't me that did it
because I'm stuck on San Bunchio on masters and I swear this has to be the
hardest game I've played in my life it's just nasty hey what do you mean a good
game for once mikatov
are you yelling back at our chat room there at www.orangetotre.com? okay i gotcha
alright
alright uh we're gonna go ahead and let you go zander we're gonna try and get one more call alright
okay have a good one
do do do do do do do let's go to another call here uh... let's go to this one
hi you're on orange launch radio
hey what's up boss obviously you already know who i am
hello zacku
yeah what's up boss not much we want to finish up tonight's show so you got to keep it short
what's on your mind basically i'm just you know i yesterday i went to an anime convention i was
lucky to play you know 2dx and popping on the respective ascs um i don't know is if it's normal
but it's i mean the transition between both of them it's kind of strange and i know for a fact
and when i was playing 2dx it was just like my scores decreased as a result because i'm used to
to the KLC I don't know if there's anything you can help me you know any
advice you give me if I try what was the controller they were using I'm you
currently I'm using a KLC and what were they using then this do bought in an
ASC yesterday for 2dx and poppin oh you know what it's it's the turntable
differences is gonna write you up yeah um you know there's really not a lot
it's just one of those practice but it's you're not gonna get enough time to get
adjusted at a convention you're not gonna have the time to get adjusted to
Well actually I was there for hours, I mean I was on the 2DX setup for like several hours.
So you know, at least three to four hours because it was very small, no one was really
there in the 2DX setup.
I honestly don't know what to tell you bud, it's just kind of one of those things you
just have to get used to, there's really no way I can tell you to, my thing is that maybe
you get used to one playing style on the home controller, but here's the thing, the big
trick to being able to scratch in 2DX is that, and this takes a while to get the hang of,
the pinky scratching. You have to be able to move that turntable with your pinky, and
I know it sounds a little crazy.
Yeah, I tend to do that as well.
Well, you really gotta master that.
Digital life this year in New York City. You know, the annual thing. I know you tried valiantly
to try to make plans last year.
When is digital life this year?
It should be in October. You know, they already announced, you know, they already pre-announced
it, you know, the event.
Yeah, I'll try to come.
So, you know, you know as soon as they left the convention center as a sign that said see you next year
Yeah, I said the dates in mid-october. I'm not sure you know, I haven't got confirmation about the you know
The the big GDR Nationals tournament being held up, but most likely they will hold it up assuming
You know now that supernovas, you know getting you know more getting likely to get you know, they're being really good
So, I don't know if you're gonna make plans for it
I just want to know if you know if if you are gonna make plans or something like that
What for digital life yeah, if you're planning to go out there do something live or something
Like what it's like about it's a budget thing for us
I mean if we had the money to do it we would but we're still you know we don't make money off of doing this
We do this show because I love it, and I think people sometimes forget that sometimes right
especially some of the reviews I read on the internet people obviously don't get
that we do this for free but whatever you know we look past that because you
know we're not gonna let people's bad-mouthing get us down but you know if
we have the money I'm sure we'll try but it'll be an individual thing I mean
we'll have to decide as individuals if we can accommodate into our schedule I
would love to try and come I have a good friend in New York City that would let
stay there. So maybe. I would say probably I would do it. And I would say probably I'm
more likely to do it than Dark Sakura or Loki. I don't know. Are you guys thinking about
this or? I don't have the available time off. Especially since there are other things that's
true to be discussed. Oh, that reminds me. I do have to I do have to bring up the Seattle
convention that we were talking about last week. I'm not going to be able to make it.
just too soon for us, I'm sorry to say.
I do have a friend going to Sakura Con.
Uh, just putting it out there, you know.
No, no, obviously, yeah, we'll definitely consider it, you know, but just, it's a money
thing for us.
Um, Anime Expo, not gonna happen for me, um, I totally forgot that I have plans to go to
Canada to celebrate the 4th of July.
Making arrangements-
Just to be funny.
Actually, just to, I can't say which one yet, I am making arrangements for another convention.
Sweet!
Alright.
Alright.
Alright, well, Zaku, thanks for the call, and take care, okay?
Alright. Later, man.
Sorry to the calls we didn't get to, but we gotta wrap up tonight's show,
because we want to, you know, go back to our regular lives.
So, we're gonna get into tonight's cage match.
Wait, wait. You guys have lives outside of this?
Believe it or not, once in a while.
That's my problem. I keep forgetting that part.
Alright. Let's see here. I gotta find the theme music here.
My directories are all screwed up now.
Loki, remind our listeners how the cage match works while I set this up.
The cage match works. Basically we have three songs that are put in by each one of the hosts.
Then we play each song in its entirety except for the one that won.
And the winning song of the cage match is put in the rotation and will come up, you know,
to be challenged by two more songs next week. And the actual listeners in our chat room get
the vote on them to see which one goes on. Sweet!
Alright, uh, let's see, I'm trying to find the song here from last week.
I was exhausted tonight, I'm sorry guys.
I apologize to our live listeners, they've had to put up with a lot of crap tonight, so I apologize.
Lame it all on caffeine!
Because we sure are.
Alright, let's see, where's my new stuff here?
to do
uh... there is a rate there's last week's winner okay now we can do this
all right here the theme music please
last week in the orange launch radio cage match we had the is so it was a
family might know from the ultra mixed three they had a song that i've been
remixed for a new album they have coming out it's called going under and it's the
kinetic mix and uh... that's what one last week's case match so here it is a
clip of song number one tonight he is the way
with going under kinetic makes enjoy it
Jump up, clap up, clap up, clap up, clap up
Oh, oh, these chains
Wait, I am going under, under Please stop, help me catch my breath
Oh, these chains, they have tied me up in the right
Just that, with another set
And I'm really trying to reveal
My composure and my pride
You said it's just the escaping wounds
And we call the anguish in sight
Anguish in sight
Anguish in sight
Anguish in sight
Anguish in sight
They say
Can't I be your window light?
Alright, that was song number one in tonight's CAGEMATCH, the Azoic with Going Under, the
Kinetic Mix.
We'll see if it can win two weeks in a row, but it's gotta beat these songs.
Loki, what's song number two tonight?
Ah, this song is one of my favorite songs from Burnout Revenge.
It's actually by Junky XL, and it's a song called Today, and it kinda reminds me a little
bit of Depeche Mode and Away, but it's an awesome song.
favorite bar none of all the tracks are on the burnout series so that would be
pretty awesome I actually look for the album because the album this is the
title from the album so all right sounds good here's song number two tonight
junkie XL with today from burnout
Got the bluest eyes that I have seen Lost out in the skies caught in a dream
What you whispered to me
And breathing to my veins
I believe in magic
To wash away this pain
And it feels like today
Took your soul down tight and let it slip away
And it feels like today
Took your sword untied and let it slip away
Give me all the weight that holds you down
Don't let it stop, I'm burning for the sand
And the world keeps moving
It's all I've ever known
And I know inside that
I'll never be alone
And it feels like today
So just hold on tight and let it slip away
And it feels like today
So just hold on tight and let it slip away
Oh
And it feels like today So just hold on tight and let it slip away
And it feels like today
So just hold on tight and let it slip away
And it feels like today
So just hold on tight and let it slip away
And it feels like today
So just hold on tight and let it slip away
Oh
song number two that was junkie XL with today let's see what the studio folks
thought of that but remember it is up to you guys you have to be in our chat room
to vote. Dark Sakura. That one was pretty neato. Um, it gets, uh, an eight. Loki. Ten.
I love it. I play all my races to that song. Bud. Ten, because, uh, I also play many of
my burnout races to that song. Uh, this is very rare for me to do, but the only thing
wrong with that song is that it's a little bit long, but it's perfect for this station.
Ten. Alright, let's go to, uh, song number three tonight. Dark Sakura, what'd you pick?
I have Roz to blame for this one. It's a Tally Hall song. It's called Twooove.
Twooove?
Twooove.
Is that like the Princess Bride?
Marriage.
Twoo!
Marriage!
Twooove!
Marriage!
Twooove!
Tuck. Scum.
Alright, here we go. We're gonna go to Tally Hall with Twooove. Here it is, song number
three tonight.
I have this little thing, it's probably just a fling
Two girls I like a lot, I think they're really hot
But I'm not sure if they know How my love began to grow
It took a lot of time But right now it's solely mine
To the day!
I drew a mural of The things I'd like to love
And where my heart resides
Is with two girls with grey eyes
If it just gave me a chance
I'd show them what they want and teach them what they got
I'd single each and every one of their fancies
I'd take the key to my heart and open it
And let their love shine through
Mary came and I see, I hope you understand
That I love you a lot and I want to be your man
And I think, that it'd be totally cool if I grabbed your apartment and enrolled in a school
MARY KATE!
I saw you on TV, you dressed up like a bee
Reminds me of the time, how it's gone, and it's gone, and it's gone
The sun is every day that passes without you
And I really wanna, really wanna, really wanna hold you both tight
And tight for your mind because I see
Mary came and asked me, I hope you understand
That I love you a lot and I wanna be your man
And I think that it'd be totally cool
If I'm around your apartment, sending gold in your school
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hey, I'm calling from Talley Hall
I think I just won't leave you alone
Hello?
Hello?
Hey, I'm calling from Talley Hall and I just-
Mary-Kate and Ashley, I hope you understand
That I love you a lot and I wanna be your man and I think
That it'd be totally cool if I came around your apartment and enrolled in your school
I know that life without you and you would be sad
And I know it'd be bad
Merrick and Ashley, I hope you understand that your loveliness blossomed and I want to hold your hands
and I think that it'd be totally cool if I hung around your apartment and has gone into school
Mary Kate and Ashley I hope you understand that I love you a lot, and I wanna be a man
And I think that it'd be totally cool if I hung around your apartment and has gone into school
Mary Kate and Ashley I hope you understand that I love you a lot, and I wanna be a man
And I'm thinking, wouldn't you say that it'd be totally cool
If I were a round-jawing, fronting, sending, going to school
Larry Keaton, actually, I hope you understand that
I love you a lot, and I want you to be with me
Song number three tonight, Tally Hall with Twi'wuv
Did you wuv that song, or did you hate it?
Dark Sakura
It gets a ten for being ridiculous
Loki
It is ridiculous. Everyone knows it's pre-Anorexic Lindsay Lohan that's worth loving.
Can you score?
Huh? Oh.
Can you score?
Seven.
All right.
I'll give it eight. It had a good beat and you can dance to it.
All right.
And I will give it the combined weight of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, which is eight.
Eight pounds. That's how much they weigh.
All right. It's definitely a genre night.
We've got real actually I think it's a like all the songs are actually really good tonight
I think in their respective genres, so it all comes down to what you like best. It's your choice chat room here
It is a recap of the three songs you can vote for tonight a zoic going under the kinetic mix song one
And song number 2 you can vote for tonight is Chunky XL with Today.
And song number 3 you can vote for tonight is Tally Hall with TwiWuv.
There's a song for Guitar Hero 2.
All right, please vote now.
into private.
Sorry, we got dead air there for a minute. I'm very sorry there
Let's recap there. Hopefully some folks are still connected. They're just a little soundboard problem on my end. Sorry guys
Let's go back place vote now. And here we go. How was your week? How was your day? Loki starting us off tonight. Anyways, I
We're starting to finalize more stuff for the wedding. We
Set aside some time to or we're going to go pick up our marriage license
and we're also we just sent out the rest of the invitations we have someone now
making favors and just kind of some of that stuff and I've been playing video
games most of the week and just work stuff you know trying to you know finish
March and get April started you know fun stuff and then we did a marathon session
of grant that thought of Liberty City stories after work last week we got to
play one of the brand new or one of the modes that they have on there. It's tanks
for memories and that's actually pretty fun. You start off and you pick up the
tank and then once you're in the tank everybody else is trying to blow up the
tank. You're trying to stay in the tank for a set amount of time and so your
timer is counting down while you're in the tank. If your tank explodes the
person that destroyed the tank gets the tank now and they respawn in another
spot so it's pretty fun the tape doesn't move hardly at all and it's pretty cool
it's definitely a change from the normal deathmatch games we play so that's
pretty cool I'm hoping that they the next Grand Theft Auto that comes out
does support more players because six players is fun but I mean I would like
maybe ten or twelve at the most I think would be really good get some good team
matches going on there other than that really not too much else just I had
garlic on Friday and I still smell like garlic today after like numerous showers
and brushing my teeth I that smell does not go away you smell like garlic I
smell like a mocha I'm still tasting curry from Thursday night I only have
one for full
uh... that it
that's it uh...
dark sakura
going around she is used as you know that in their apartments trapping cats
now fun
but how should we go today
my week with my week was rather uneventful the let's see how to
whirlwind tour through
through the barrier to drop stuff off and pick stuff up
for the roommate and i
as we are
both rather unemployed and still needing to pay bills or selling off stuff is if
If anybody needs computers, I got some.
I'm out of hard drives.
I already sold all those off.
But.
No.
In fact, my roommate is waiting on a replacement screen for his ThinkPad, so.
Whirlwind Tour, playing video games, raiding trash heaps, finding Macs of all things, and
reconstituting him into machines to be sold.
Yes, exciting. Oh, and playing Diablo II.
Fun times.
My week and my day was pretty good. I went to Roseville Golf Land on
Friday... no, Saturday. Last night. Yeah, last night. I'm drunk.
No, I'm not. For the first time in forever.
It was
interesting.
I actually had a lot of fun playing, like, Initial D and stuff and
uh... just kinda you know being there with uh... couple people
but uh...
ddr was still can ask the but i a you know i find that i i like this and it's
not the game itself there's nothing wrong game is just a machine in the
upkeep of it at roseville's is growing up he and i hate the key i hate the
people that go to roseville gobbling
roseville golf will be wonderful with the nuclear holocaust hit it
and only me and my friends survived
now would be great if it took a grant of pay
uh... honestly yes so uh... you know uh... i had an okay time
That's that's really all I feel like sharing this Mario Kart
Mario Kart's okay. I mean I I didn't play it. They have any other games new games. I heard the wolves
I wanted to play a wagon a wagon midnight maximum
What was it that fucking all the thugs were on that yet about the road one of the Roseville theaters
This was that time crisis for I haven't checked it out or not time crisis for house. How's that? Yeah, no
I haven't checked it out. That's a UCD that one spike was here last week
And I believe told us that was at century
Wherever Nightwatch is playing in Roseau because that's what they went and saw so that's what he where he would have seen it hmm
So oh, this is funny because um
Out there in the living room right now everything is labeled in Russian because extra fur is learning Russian and
Loki's fiance is teaching it to him and
So they've taken index cards and labeled everything in the living room in Russian and like it actually has to stay up for like a couple
weeks so that should be interesting you're going to be learning you're
very like I don't know how to read it your front room looks like a rushing
kindergarten it does it was a Russian kindergarten right now it's kind of
scary but you need to buy some beats some fresh beats I'll listen to some
tattoo that's what I'll do fresh beats in your house if I lose vodka if I
listen I listen to a lot of tattoo I'm either gonna learn Russian or become a
lesbian one of the two I mean a fake lesbian dark Sakura how was your week
Oh Confusion Friday night was badass by the way. Yes it was. We had a good time picture hoarded up. It was great. Mistress Tia
Love her. I actually I ripped off some of my pictures too. I was
Confusion was probably the most was the highlight of my week because the rest of my week was shit
Oh, I'm sorry, by the way, just a quick FYI Jason wanted me to let you know that the pictures are up
So I'm gonna grab them and I'll send them to you later. Cool cuz I need the one. There's a pic that
extra partook of me with the camera of doing the too much metal for one hand
I'll get him from Jason and I'm pretty sure I don't need my space photo okay
that I should check he usually puts all my stuff in a he has a website on my
space playing a bass which is what I was doing last night cool I went over to miss
Tia's house apartment to uh now I am I am a vegetarian now except for fish I
will eat fish but um I we have to every so often because me and Tia and her
roommate Jovan are like the Sacramento Southern collection so we had fried
chicken and biscuits and red beans and rice and mashed potatoes and gravy
homemade no Popeyes which is close enough very close very very southern so
we all were getting our fried chicken on and of course because I haven't eaten a
lot of meat and a lot at eating at whatever meat and a long time the
chicken made me very sick but I was all happy and we were watching the the best
little whorehouse in Texas and really not getting into it so I started playing
this base that was in their living room and I actually picked out a few lines so
I think I've got some talent for it but I'm supposed to be getting one of these
for my birthday hint hint hint which is next month which still depresses me the
So the rest of my week, I blew off school because I was just all, you know, whatever.
And then I decided that because for background, for people, I don't have a lot of free time.
As in, I have no free time.
So I dropped a class so that I would not completely lose my sanity and my health.
I dropped color theory also because going in that classroom makes me have headaches
from acrylic paint fumes.
Fun, huh?
So I'm going to be taking it next spring and working part time, blah blah blah.
Sometimes you have to make those sacrifices for your health.
Unfortunately it's going to keep me in school for another, I'd say at least another semester.
So and then that's really what my week has been is me trying to decide whether or not
I was going to drop that class.
And so I did.
I'm an academic failure.
I have a W on my transcript now.
a big deal based on looking at by the way is a LP the veteran I don't know
somebody posted a picture to my myspace of a Batsmaru guitar it's so hard I know
about the Batsmaru bass and the ratings on it are not the best a couple of them
that I'm looking at. But it's a Batsmaru bass. Didn't we see that? You don't buy it cuz it looks good you buy it cuz it
sounds good whatever you can always paint it or finish it or put stickers on it or
something you and i have painfully uh painfully different priorities
all right uh we're ready to get to the chat room if use are you are you all
wrapped up for the record i'm not a vegetarian for ethical reason i'm
i don't eat meat because it makes me sick
let's get to the chat room at views
so
mister black will fight to say f you to my guitar hero controller who decided
last week that the green button was going to no longer work
even though it looks just fine when i take it apart
and jaded 2006 would like to say F you to my DDR pad sensor
taking a crap last night in the middle of the game
could be nasty to step in
uh... dark knight would like to say F you to my job
uh... for being so frickin hot today
and F you to me for not getting out more often and enjoy life
mikkel tov would like to say F you to the new season of power rangers if it wasn't for
the hot green ranger the show would be worthless
Show is worthless.
Phoenix would like to say F you to all the haters who downvote my YTMNDs and the people
in chat who wanted to kick me because I shamelessly plugged my new YTMND, which he'll post the
link in chat room if you want to see that.
I'm not going to try and read it, it's too many abbreviations.
Ryoma would like to say F you to security guards not letting me in the LJ's mosh.
LJ mofo, shit.
Sephiroth1215 would like to say F you to Beatmania being a whopping $65.
Loki why did we report it would be less?
What now?
Beatmania?
We said it was going to be $40.
What happened?
The price changed.
Didn't you read the forms?
I guess.
Not our fault.
Tigerclaw I know it happens.
Amazon was running the same thing for a while so you know it wasn't just us.
I mean they changed their mind on what they want the price at.
Well poopy on you guys.
All right, Tigerclaw would like to say F you to all the captain and haters.
Nintendo Maniac 64 would like to say F you to Slackware for not
liking
the non-normal video card, I'm sorry, it's linking.
F you to Slackware for not linking the non-normal video card on the computer I was
installing on.
And F you to Sony.
And Legend of Zaku would like to say F you to not being able to drink a bottle of
Ramune really fast to qualify for a Ramune drinking contest in a small time
anime expo yesterday.
I'd have to make a belch. And lastly, Ryoma would like to say F you to the stupid Judas
Priest sticker
not coming coming off my base.
Oh, we have one more late one.
Ravens Dolphin would like to say F you for sixty dollar games.
Amen to that.
Frickin' Xbox 360. Removing Judas Priest stickers from your base does not make you any less gay.
Stop it.
Hey now, I'll have you know that Dynasty Warriors 5
uh... empires and Rockstar's Table Tennis are both coming out at
forty dollars for the xbox 360
of course both games are going to suck
okay i think that's about it we're way over tonight we're supposed to be done with this shit at
nine o'clock it's nine thirty now it's cause our first half ran so long so
uh... final thoughts final last super duper thoughts
caffeine? caffeine
online play
cage match winner is
Kapeen. Kapeen won everything!
Oh yeah, duh. Like I had to look, it was a landslide tonight, kids.
Did you even have to ask...
Junkie XL.
For their song about Kapeen.
Tally Hall did get quite a bit of love, but not enough, unfortunately, in the Azoic.
They got true love!
Everybody forgot about the Azoic, apparently.
Aww.
I have to admit, though, the Junkie XL song's pretty good.
Well, we're gonna have that.
Compared to most Loki picks, it's pretty good.
good we're gonna have the world the junkie XL one it what I didn't have any
cage match fix and we're gonna we were asked to you know submits more songs for
rotations so I've got some full auto ones coming to and I'm not sure about
anything else from brown because it's all like but rock to me I mean so I
don't really we don't need to overdo it on the butt rock okay all righty ah
that's it my oh yes you've got I'm sorry is
dot dot dot okay reject us icons dick dick dick dick dick and my final thought
is a bauhaus because that's what their sucker shirt says and it's looking me
right in the face all right here it is kids I am one with the goth your fortune
cookie message of the day this is a special moment right now we'd like to
take this time to tell all the kids at home send your parents out of the room
this is a kid song
Life's gonna suck when you row up, when you row up, when you row up
Life's gonna suck when you row up, it sucks pretty bad right now
Hey, if you know the words, sing along!
You're gonna have to mow the lawn, do the dishes, make your bed
You're gonna have to go to school until you're seventeen
It's gonna seem about three times as long as that
You might have to go to war, shoot a gun, kill a nun.
You might have to go to war when you get out of school.
Ain't sure up kids, it gets a lot worse.
You're gonna have to deal with stress, deal with stress, deal with stress.
You're gonna be a giant mess when you get back from the war.
Santa Claus does not exist and there's no Easter Bunny.
You'll find out when you grow up that brick where it isn't funny.
Funny! Funny!
Life's gonna suck when you grow up, when you grow up, when you grow up
Life's gonna suck when you grow up it sucks really bad right now
You're gonna end up smoking crack on your back face the back
You're gonna end up hooked on smack and then you're gonna die
And then you're gonna DIE
Well, I think I smell a lawsuit in that one, what do you think?
