The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
the following program is intended for mature audiences
I'm a science genius girl, I'm on the science fair
I wear a white lab coat, DNA strands in my hair
Have I sold a human being? It will want to hold my hand
Have I told the human being
It will be a member of my band
My secret path is broke
The fear will speak to me
My throat is in my hands
Time's one, time's two, time's three
Have I told the human being
It will want to rub my hands
Have I shown the human being It will be a number of primaries
Three point one four one five nine two six five
Three five eight nine seven nine three two three
Four six two six four three three three two seven
Measure out the chemicals Gonna be goggles on my eyes
Turn those front ends harder on My creation comes alive
I have sons like you've been in It is you that lost my hand
I have closed my gift list
It is now a number of sedans
I'm a science genius girl
I wonder if I am scared
Is there a white lab coat In an extreme of my hair?
Have I sold a human being It will want to hold my hand
Have I sold a human being It will be a member of my band
Of my band, scientific traffic pro
The syrup's sweet to me
Microscope is in my mouth
Times one, times two, times three
Have I sold a human being
It will want to hold my hand
Have I sold a human being
It will be a member of my band
In point one, four, one, five, nine, two, six, five, three, five, eight, nine, seven, nine, three, two, three, eight, four, six, two, six, four, three, three, eight, three, two, seven, nine
Measure up the chemicals
Make the goggles on my eyes
Turn those drums and turn around
My creation comes alive
I have fun, but you can't eat it
It is you and not my hand
I have fun, but you can't eat it
It is now a member of the band
I did?
You won that Evergreen song, I think, didn't you?
He did.
I did?
I think he did.
I did?
Yes, you did.
Yes!
DarkSocker and I both confirmed it, so you won last time.
Oh, I had another song, too.
I didn't even remember.
Well, too bad for you.
Too bad.
So we'll get into K2i shortly, but first, real quickly, how was your two weeks?
How was your day?
DarkSocker, how was the Alabama trip?
My family loves my husband, which makes me very relieved.
We went, the first night there, we went to Waffle House, which Dan wasn't thrilled about,
but I was like, hash browns!
So I had Waffle House.
And then the next day, we went to Cracker Barrel, which Dan liked, and I had fried okra
and fried catfish and fried everything else.
And we went to see my ex-roommates, my mama-san and my papa-san, who took care of me during
really difficult time and we went to the Atlanta Bread Company for dinner that
night and but we weren't before closing so they weren't all that great and then
steak and shake where their food is awful that chili on the spaghetti yes
you can get full on marinara sauce and chili on the spaghetti it's horrible
their fries are awful but their milkshakes are the best ever they do
this thing called like the side-by-side which I had a banana and dark chocolate
milkshake and mixed them and it was fabulous. I did not eat my blue bell ice cream but I
did have boiled peanuts. We also ate at a place called Cooper T's and it's a very weird
thing sharing beer with my brother. He's going to be 22 this month. Happy birthday Matt.
My brother, I also found out my brother Phillip is on a naval boat. He's a marine. Somewhere
in Asia somewhere. He's supposed to be going, I think, to Hokkaido, then down to Okinawa,
then around the China coast, and then back home. Doing something or the other, I don't
know. I just told him to bring me back stuff. And we also went to the Mobile Museum of Art,
which is very nice. There was a lot of local art there too, as well as some very nice classics.
There was even a couple of Renoir there, really nice stuff.
We also went to Dothan on Monday, I was actually born in Dothan.
We went to go see my dad and my granny and they conveniently forgot that I am on a low
carb eating plan and vegetarian so they had steak and pecan pie.
I ate some steak to make my daddy happy, it was pretty good, made me very ill and pecan
pie which is very yummy and it was very interesting meeting my dad's new fiance
one of several she was nice though I like her maybe they'd be happy we went
back I have a little peanuts we went and ate at Ruby Tuesday's the next day we go
to the to Winston Winston's oyster house I fried oysters and I'm happy my uncle's
there gives us Mardi Gras stuff and then we flew home that day very very
horrible plane ride I was in the up in the air for six hours running into a
headwind with massive turbulence it was to suck but I did watch most of Hellboy
sweet and movie is pretty cool and of course Dan played lots of Phoenix Wright
and I played lots of Animal Crossing I went on a trip I went to Virginia did
you have a nice fall um shut up here's a list of things I did for the first time
that might make you a little bit proud.
Uh, I ate- remember, we're from the West Coast, we don't have some of this stuff, so it's
all new to us.
Uh, I ate at a Sonic, I've never eaten at a Sonic before, pretty good, they have a wide
selection of stuff.
There's one in Yuba City.
Yeah, but I still have never eaten there, and that's 40 minutes away for those playing
along now.
There's, uh, one that's going in by, uh, Arco.
It's not- it's not bad, so, you know, check it out.
It's across from the Hooters.
Okay, here's the other thing, I ate at a Chick-fil-A for the first time.
There's one in Roseville.
Is there now?
They were putting one in here. It's been there since August so much for this like East Coast thing
What else they do for the first time? Um, oh, I ate at a Hardee's for like the first time in years
Aka Carl's Jr. Yeah, let me let me tell no no no Carl's Jr. Nasty. No, Carl's Jr. Is way better than Hardee's
No, I'm saying it's Carl's Jr. But nasty. Yeah, you guys on the East Coast you have it
Sorry, Carl's Jr. Is way better. Did you go to crystal three words Western bacon? No, they didn't have that there or at least I didn't find it
Let's see. What else I do in Virginia. I went to an aquarium there
Let me just put it this way, the coolest thing at the aquarium was the bird cage.
You go figure that one out.
And I went to the beach. That was the first time I'd really been to the East Coast beach.
No, I did it the second time because I forgot. I went to Fire Island years ago.
No, just a couple years ago I went to Fire Island very randomly.
Get your mind out of the gutter. We just walked around the beach.
If you know what that is.
And if you know what that is, hats off to you.
And I guess, let's see, what else did I do in Virginia?
Not a lot. I camped out in the hotel most of the time.
I ate and ate a lot of food. I gained about five pounds on my trip, so I'm not proud of that.
But I'll be working it off pretty soon.
That's pretty much it. That's all I really want to share.
It was cold. You know what? For the first time in my life in Chesapeake, I saw snow falling from the sky for the first time.
I've never seen that ever in my life until I went to this place.
But it only snowed the one day, and apparently they never get snow.
they get snow like as often as we do here. But I saw it smoke and I had to scrape snow
off my car the first day and I was like, this is going to set the mood for my trip right
here.
Loki, how was your past couple of weeks?
We found a DJ for our wedding. He's crazy. I quit Final Fantasy XI and that was pretty
tough.
What happened to the shell? Are you able to pass that off to somebody else or?
No. So they better be careful who they add because they can't delete anybody and they
can't create new. They'll just create another show, I don't care, whatever. And then I played
a lot of Full Auto. I didn't play any Animal Crossing and I'm tired of that game already.
And I don't know, it's been pretty much just a lot of getting last minute wedding stuff
done, starting to send out the invitations, and I was figuring out the last bit of stuff,
got the cake-flavors picked out. And I'm supposed to be getting a bachelor party sometime in
early April. And yeah. So, mainly I'm just work stuff, you know, trying to catch up,
trying to win my VIP pass to E3. I don't know if I am, seeing as I'm 30 accounts behind
someone else because, well, I just haven't had good luck with my territory.
It's rigged.
Yes, it is rigged. I am pretty certain that it is rigged, but I'm going to beg them for
a VIP account, or a VIP pass anyways because I deserve it. Whereas the other guy doesn't
know what the hell he would do with it. So, I should be able to get one. I mean, fuck.
I mean, some of my managers are getting them and they don't play games. They don't even
know anything about games so hopefully I'll be able to swing that otherwise we
gotta get a media pass look on that I know I know and then yeah that's that's
it all right we're spike anything real quick you want to share about how your
week's been going devil may cry 3 special edition needs to be harder but
isn't it hot though oh yeah no it's all that's hot that game is hot but yeah I
I thought it had a harder difficulty in that.
It's the same as the old hard difficulty, just renamed Super Hard, and then there's a new Super Easy mode.
Well, why don't you play through it with the other character?
They need to name them and do them according to the Doom model. Hurt me plenty, nightmare, you know, and make them equally hard.
Know what I was so sad is when they announced that whole rockstar table tennis thing did the whole
Tease of it was no. We've got news of a game. That's coming to the 360 that you would never expect
The here and I was like Duke Nukem forever Duke Nukem forever come on. It's gonna be Duke Nukem forever no
All right
Anything else no really my whole life is video games. It's it's sad. That's all no. That's awesome. You're hardcore
That's why you're the guest tonight, because we know you're hardcore, we feel, we see it in your soul.
Alright, um, that's right, rock.
Anyway, let's get to the cage match, because we gotta start wrapping things up here.
Now, Loki, we determined that you actually won, but you put a new song in the directory and took out the old one,
so I think we're just going to do Clean Slate tonight.
Okay, I forgot I deleted it, yeah.
Let's just do Clean Slate tonight, because, you know, honestly, with us being gone for two weeks,
for two weeks i think pretty much it would have been on for a month anyway so
we're going to start a cage match with a clean slate tonight three brand new songs for you guys
uh so anyway the way the cage match works is that uh we're going to play three songs for you guys
you guys pick your favorite and it goes into rotation all week long on orange launch radios
video game and uh other music programs uh www.orangelaunchradio.com click on chat be
in the chat room vote play along three songs here we go loki what's the first song we're
We're gonna hear tonight you won your first
Here's a hint distorted reality with super crush
Oh, yeah, this is a song that I found on Amazon because the original fun
I was looking for I couldn't find a website that could pirate it from so this is
Yeah, I don't even know what the sounds like so it's another random song that picked up in the middle of nowhere
Goody goody gumdrop. Hey what it worked last time, so will the magic work again of randomness?
Song number one from Loki tonight, Distorted Reality with Super Crush. Enjoy.
Supergrass, Supergrass, Supergrass
I'll erase all you hold dear Facing you I feel the sky behind me
You're in this bed of fear I'll erase all you hold dear
Facing you I feel the sky behind me You said goodbye
You will rest across this space As you face your disgrace
To the ground, to the ground, to the ground
I will lay my life worth two
Throw out all the thoughts of you
Where to be for days but still
Fighting nothing can fulfill
Facing you I feel the sky
Behind me you said goodbye
You will wrestle for this fate
As you say, you're just right
You can't call
To the crash
When you've been done for truth you'll find Nothing but your empty mind
I know it's time for you to stay With the way I felt great
I'll erase all you hold dear, saving you I feel the sky, behind me you said goodbye
Underneath the rinses, tear and fear
I'll erase all you hold dear
Facing you, I'll fill the sky
Behind me, you said goodbye
To the rest of our mistakes
And if you say you're this great
Yo, that was song number one tonight. Distorted Reality was super crush. Let's see what the
folks in the studio thought of it. But remember, it's not up to us. It's up to you. Dark Sockra.
It was cool. It was cool, just a little repetitive, but it gets a 7.5.
Uh, generic goth club song for me. 6. Loki. Gets an 8. Cause, yeah, I don't know why.
I don't know why I first ever heard it. So yeah. All right, let's move on to song number two tonight
Which comes to us from dark soccer. What'd you pick for us tonight? Um, I put it was the afterbirth
However, you know glass last time
However, so many people said that it should have been my cage match song that I put it in the cage match today
So it's compressor and the empty front a lot
What's the name of this song? It's rappers
Rappers We Crush by Compressor featuring MC Frontalot. Enjoy.
Like I ain't hung over with the paper Discover that the Germans are the next Grover
Cookie, Kermy, Piggy, and all the rest The rate a single domestically controlled
Muffet, let, let, is it a plot? Some kind of conspiracy, my coffee's cold
There's a bitter taste to my cinnamon roll I venture forth into the bright American day
My neighbor Mr. Hess says V gates and waves I hurry away, get my Chrysler over dismay
Somebody's replaced all on my backstreet moorings with crabs or tape
Alright, I'm freaked out, I hope it's a joke
I hear the ominous industrial beat of a two-stroke engine
What?
It bends on my letter, it's a bug on my right
What?
A state of six trombones encroaching behind
At the wheel of the lead trivia visit your fear
Red and yellow eyes, black gloves tripping the steer
And then it dawns upon me, what chance have I got?
It's compressor and he's chosen for crushing and see criminalize
We crush, fingers to dust
Compressor, digest, barcodes, it's without much
You try too much with rhymes
Stolen from the Jackson Prize
Erase your dreams at night
You cower farm called mastermind
But I don't want to be crushed
They're eating deer
Left for toad
Synthesize the mite
Tearing the rhymes right out of my throat
Leave my call at the light and run
I make for the park
Perceived by steel-toed deck
Boots throwing socks as they march
And I can hear the gnashing of the yellow teeth
You cannot hide, rapper geek
I'm dodging German shepherds
Playing Frisbee with the hippies
Making hairpin turns like horror movie heroines I'm slipping back on my feet
His breath on my neck, it smells of baked infants and fried cheese
Fun! You're sure to suffer crushing if you sit still
Pop the chain link to the abandoned beaner schnitzel
What did I do to deserve this? What was my crime?
Was it because I sampled the totem hosing that one time?
And I'm reviewing my life powered under a grease trap
The boot slap's stepping ever closer with it
Click clack, now he's here, now he's crouching down
Jaws peek open and start pouring out
And just as my flesh is about to get devoured, I wake up screaming, wrapped in the sour sweat, stained sheets, takes a minute to get that, stumble to the table, read the paper, clear my head up, still hurts, what'd I drink all back old soccer for? Business section, A.M., TV, bar, gym, Henson Court!
Bappas crush, bingas through dust
Compress that tight as fo' gold fans spin down to mush
You try to fudge with crimes
Stolen from the Jackson 5
Erase your tings at night
CALIFORN COMPRESSOR MIGHT!
Song number two tonight, Compressor featuring MC Frontalot with rappers we crush, what do
What do you think about that song? Is it great, or do you just want to crush it with your fists?
Dark Sakura.
Nein.
Any reason?
I was actually saying no in German.
Oh, gotcha.
The number 9, too.
Okay.
I would have to say, you know, I think I liked it better the last time I heard it, but it's got clever lyrics.
That's what I like about it, because they rap about Muppets, and that's pretty hardcore.
So I'm going to give it...
Well, I definitely want to give it a higher than the last one, but not by much, so 7.
Logie.
That's gonna get us sick. I don't care for MC Frontalot at all.
Alright, let's get into song number 3 tonight. Song number 3 is my pick, and I love this band.
They were in UltraMix 3, and they have a remix album coming out soon.
and this song is called Going Under. It's a kinetic mix. Enjoy.
And I think I'm getting ground
This whole thing pulls me so far alone
I realize that I am bound
Take control of my reason
I am going under, under Please tell, tell me just what's right
No, I'll be safe May inside me open the eyes
Please tell, tell me that's my friend
So what do you say?
May inside me open the light
So what, have I not been fed?
And I'm really trying to reveal My composure and my pride
The internet just seems gaping wounds Can we call the anguish inside?
Say wish and sigh, say wish and sigh, say wish and sigh
So how do we play?
Can't help the open door, right?
That's right
Can't help the open door
I'm awake
I am going under, under
Sweet time
Got me scared for a round
So, so, so we play
Song number three tonight, the Azzoic going under Kinetic Mix.
Let's see what the kids thought of that one, Dark Sakura.
Um, better than the usual picks.
Aw, how sweet.
I mean, seriously, I mean, it's kind of less generic, so it gets an 8.
Alright, uh, moving on.
Logie, what do you think of the Azoic going under?
It's kind of average, 7.
Alright, uh, I like that mix.
But I think I like the original one slightly better, so it gets an 8 from me.
Alright, place vote now.
Here it is with three songs you can pick from tonight.
Distorted Reality with Super Crush.
And song number two you can vote for tonight, Compressor featuring MC Frontalot, Rappers
We Crush.
And song number three you can vote for tonight, The Ozoic with Going Under, the kinetic mix.
Place a vote now, send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote, you don't
have much time so, frickin' hurry up, frickin' hurry with it.
Okay, now that we're in the afterbirth, now I suppose we can talk about the Oscars a little
bit.
Miek Latov, I see you lurking back there, wanna come on the show for a little bit?
You just want your iPod?
I see how you are.
well come yeah I'll make you work for it come here where's the microphone there
it is on the ground there now are you mad about the Oscars because I heard
that crash one and not Brokeback Mountain I can't be mad about the
Oscars because they were obviously just the joke Oscar since that pimp song won
best song did it really yeah so have you seen hustle and flow though it is
actually supposed to be pretty good granted I don't watch this type of
movies but it is supposed to be you know more than just an urban movie yeah but
the song is like it's hard being a pimp or something I thought the Oscars were a
little class have you been a pimp don't you know how hard to give him the Oscars
are Hollywood sucking its own dick like I know that people tell you you can't
suck your own dick but if you're in Hollywood you can because it's essentially
what the Oscars are and I think you know and I realize that the Oscars must be
like the gay Super Bowl but I fell out of love with the Oscars years ago
because you just start to realize it's all just one giant publicity stunt. Do you know why Crash
won best movie? Because they sent out over a hundred thousand screeners to people and you know
ran ads and stuff and please don't get me wrong Crash was a really good movie and Brokeback Mountain
was a really good movie but you know what there were thousands you know there I'm sure there were
lots of maybe not thousands but there were lots of good movies this year and who's to say Saw 2
should have won. Saw 2 totally should have won. Who won the Razzies? Was it crazy?
We didn't look to see who won a Razzie. Yeah he did. I think he won it for BloodRayne.
I'm sure he did. Go look it up. I really didn't care about the Oscars this year because I
figured Brokeback would probably lose even though it deserved to win out of what was
there. And so it's like, whatever, the pimps one, the racists one. It's fine.
How was Jon Stewart his host? Rather uncomfortable. He looked like he really
didn't belong, but Stephen Colbert, that's his name, right?
I heard he made an appearance or something. He did some sort of like PSA for, just a joke
PSA like you know a commercial saying how this audio engineer doesn't deserve
to win but this audio engineer does like you know like a political commercial is
it's pretty funny but most of the time I actually didn't watch the Oscars I flip
to it to see a couple of the awards that I mostly watch. Weren't you guys watching like a
Law & Order marathon? I am if I was in the living room right now I'd still be watching
Um, unfortunately for you guys, I don't think we've all won.
Oh, he didn't win?
Hallelujah.
The winner for worst, we want him to win a rather.
The winner for worst picture is Dirty Love.
Worst actor goes to Rob Schneider.
Ha ha.
Worst actress would be Jenny McCarthy, also in Dirty Love.
She's awesome though.
Worst supporting actor, Hayden Christensen in Star Wars Episode III.
worst supporting actress Paris Hilton in House of Wax and they spell wax wrong
that's funny and then worst on-screen couple Will Ferrell and Nicole Kidman in
Bewitched worst sequel or remake Son of the Mask and worst website the Razzie
Awards imagine that look at that crap website it looks like it was made in
Angelfire. Here, plug, I know you can't talk about anything that goes on at Konami because
of NDAs and stuff, but plug your favorite board game, which has nothing to do with your
game. Oh! Apples to Apples is the best board game. It has actually taken over break time
at work. Mario Kart is no longer the reigning champion. We play Apples to Apples because
it's really, really fun. That was quite fun. Really quickly, what do you do in Apples to
Um, you judge people, that's pretty much what you do, okay, no, like, there's this judge
and he puts down an adjective card, and then everybody else looks at the cards in their
hands and they're all nouns, and then they place what they think the judge thinks would
be the best match, and then the judge picks up all the cards, looks at them, and then
he awards a point to what he thinks is the best.
But the main part of the game is saying why you don't think certain cards should win,
if you're you yeah who likes to judge everybody pretty much that's why it's
fun all right let's announce the winner tonight's cage match so we can wrap this
show up here you guys ready this is a very very close cage match tonight might
I say one of the closer ones in years because one vote separated the winner
from the runner-up and then one vote separated the one runner-up from third
place so all three songs were very neck and neck but in the end there can be
only one
and tonight's winner is...
I won stinkin' vote
over compressor two stinkin' votes. Just like the Oscars, the one that's most
fresh in the minds of the voters
is the one that won. I bought all those votes but I actually placed an add in
variety this week
for your consideration the Azoic going under kinetic
best supporting
on uh... internet radio station
lovely
the time wrap up now i'm getting tired and worn out
haven't done check-in with you
well that's right ok also i will solicit i will allow chat room at use so
when he gets you a one each
will take the first five that's right
so we have set up a message to start a check-in with us and we'll uh...
uh... that up
uh...
what we're talking about the meantime what else is going on
i don't know
taxes
and get money
i'd that's how i'd
managed to buy the money twelve hundred from federal and two hundred from state
nice
actually started having them will hold a lot of money
i played
i turned on the cabinet
this weekend and then turned it back up because
i got yelled at for
turning on the cabinet while people were in the house and distracting
the guests and not socializing with people. I know, I know.
Did I just send Dan out to the garage to play the MAME? We have ours built out of a stand-up
play position. I feel so uncool, I'm the only OLR host with no
MAME cabinet. When I was, I was looking in that, you know, because on the airplane,
because I had a long flight this weekend,
I was looking at the Sky Mall thing, because you know they have the catalog. They have MAME cabinets on the Sky Mall?
Yes, not MAME, but you know, arcade classics, that whole thing.
It was something like $3,600 I think they wanted for it.
Good lord.
And basically take Midway arcade classics 1 and 2, and that's what you get in the pack.
So, you're basically paying $3,600 for a big hunk of plastic and a TV.
That's stupid.
Have you seen the little ones at Target, though? Little baby ones?
No.
They're interesting. I mean, they're still a little pricey for me. I don't think I'd have one, but you know.
I want to make more of my interfaces, but I just don't have room to store them.
I need to get into a new apartment or a new condo or whatever,
so that we have our own bedroom dedicated to the cabinet,
so I can dump them in the closet because, unfortunately, each interface is like six feet wide,
or no, four feet wide. It's just too big.
You know what I want, and, you know, because we had Bobby on the show tonight from All Games,
And he was talking about on another show about how he went to media play, because you know all the media play stores went under, and he frickin' got one of those PlayStation 2 kiosks that you have in the store.
Oh, really?
Yeah, he got one of those in his house.
We have an Xbox One.
Really? God, that's...
Those are about two grand. They're pretty expensive.
Oh my God, really?
Yeah, because I've actually...
I can tell you that's probably not what he paid for it.
I have a thing for Microsoft because they were pimping out there the kiosk before the
360 was coming out and they were like five grand for those. They have really detailed
ones.
Bob, he's going to link a picture right now so you guys can see it in his house. I think
he said he was playing Guitar Hero on it or something. I don't remember.
Oh, well, that's another thing. I've got to set up Guitar Freaks online eventually and
now that they've got actual DDR games running under MAME, that should be pretty cool. What
else was there something else I was gonna try that was pretty cool um he oh
he's he went ahead and told us how much he paid he paid 500 for it yeah that's
pretty good wow that's hardcore though I don't know if I could have spent that
kind of money but you go boy that's awesome here it is here's a picture
hold on loan it up right there there it is oh it is guitar hero right on that's
pretty cool he's got the little i-toys set up there on the top a little cutout
up there. That's awesome. Just sitting in the apartment, chilling. You know you're into
games when... Someday my cabinet will be done. Someday. I've got all the parts, I just need
the time and the space to put it in. Someday it will be mine. Seriously, it's been like
what, in production for two years now? Yeah. Well the big island preview in that apartment.
a brief uh... vacation though of course
let's get a chair refuse are you ready for this
dark soccer
shew up
uh... let's see
many need to a three-step due to the oscars for not nominated cinderella
man or narnia and uh...
and i'd like to know
i thought it was much better than i thought it would be
rome and i didn't feel like this
i didn't have any excuse for that evidence what he knows i got on the
toilet better a bloody nose than a ninja bunny with X's around it says F you to
SUVs because they hit my motorcycle I want to say F you to this SUV I saw
today parked in the in-between spaces at the restaurant man people think they are
if you dark it so you says F you to a bowl for finally getting the hint
Popeanda21 says, speaking of dragons, F you to not being able to download Kuru Kuru Rock
or Sunday Bloody Sunday without it being messed up, stupid drama created by my bitches and
hoes, gotta smack a bitch up, and F you to school and college and friction, burn on penises
and the oscars, fiend.
Where's my music?
Thank you.
Legend of Zaku says, F you to giving an already intoxicated girl at a party in my apartment
a shot of Rumple Minz since that one got her passed out, as well as feeling guilty about
giving her the shot.
You college kids and your drunkenness.
Uh, Rama says, F you to Bamaniiso.ws for banning me.
I tried to do my share and keep Torrance up and I got capped for it.
I already got capped twice for sharing Torrance for you guys, but y'all ain't paying my cable
bill, so fuck you, you fucking prick.
Oh, and FYI, your Torrance will always be leaked out to other sites, so suck it.
Hey, you wanna get back at him?
Report him!
Turn him in!
SSJ100, ruin it for everybody.
SSJ100 Matt says,
F you to my anti-Semitic neighbor,
who password locked out my network
and changed it to,
secure your network you dumbass Jew,
and changed my router name to dumbfaggotJew.
It took me a long time to fix everything he messed up
and get my internet working correctly,
all because he hates me and my family for being Jewish.
That's like real...
Can you believe that that exists?
That's not funny!
Can you believe that that exists in the world?
Dick!
I'm going on to rename my router.
Just kidding.
Roz.
Goddamn you, Loki.
Roz says,
F you to co-moderators and annoying people in the roleplaying forum I go to.
One co-mod never shows up and the other one never has a clue of what's going on ever,
yet tries to get me to enforce really stupid rules.
Roleplayers who solely want to go around fighting people for absolutely no reason,
annoy the crap out of me too.
Not everyone is heavily armed or wearing armor so that they'll put up a fight, morons.
If there's any chicks there, I wanna do them!
That's the other kind of roleplay.
And Tomo-kun, last but not least.
Got any Mountain Dew?
That is fuck me for not paying attention.
Fuck Verizon, fuck the creepy guys at the arcade.
Picking up my 15 year old friend.
old friend
that's it for another edition of orange lounge radio to afterbirth
we gotta go
we gotta
take little promo things for our our our big debut
set things on fire
no we're gonna set things on fire i was saying on the podcast last week about
or maybe not even on the podcast
askaninja.com
You know, if we ever become a TV show, that would be a great thing.
They're bigger than we are already. They've been featured on iTunes, like, four weeks in a row.
They were featured on the news!
We were featured on iTunes once, and in a dark, black corner somewhere, and we were lucky to really even get that.
But, you know, it's funny, they featured a video game podcast, I think, like, probably four times since iTunes has gone up.
The only time we were ever mentioned on iTunes was under Interesting Indies, which is kind of cool.
But you know what? The video game podcast, we've never been featured. Bobby's never been featured.
I don't know if All Games Interactive was. Maybe once. But you know who most of them are that get featured?
G4 replays, the X-Play podcast, probably Attack of the Show podcast and all that stuff that, you know, you can turn on your TV and watch, which defeats the purpose of podcasting.
know you couldn't turn on your heavy on and watch it because they would be playing Star
Trek Next Generation, The Man Show, Fast Lane, and oh, Bonsai. Oh, because that game failed
or that show failed on two different networks and then, what is it, G4 is the place where
shows finally go to die, you know, it's like, let's breathe life into it once more and hope
that, you know, it does well. Because it didn't do well in the last two demographics that
tried pushing it on. Don't you miss G4 back when it only kind of sucked? Like, it had
like maybe three shows that were watchable and now it has nothing except for hot Kevin
Pereira action. Had I known that it was going to go down this, you know, slippery slope
here, I would have, you know, maybe not judged G4TV.com so harshly. I was just so much nicer
to G4 in the beginning. I would have said every show on there is awesome. I love it.
I'm a big fan of everybody. Or like electric playground or filter. I know. Like, I love
I love Diane Miyazawa, she's my hero.
Like, you know...
You know, even though I'm gay, she's still pretty hot.
I mean, I gotta admit.
She is! Have you seen her in Mario cosplay?
Is she the one that counts down things?
Yeah, she counts down things on her little show, but...
I don't remember which show.
I think, I want to say she's on the...
She's on Trainspaces, Kids or something like that.
What's she on the Amy Graham show? Three Wishes?
I don't know, but she's on Trainspaces, like, Kids or something.
Counting down wishes?
Alright, anyway, small corrections here.
Black Wolf says, or Bobby of course says that All Games Interactive actually was featured on iTunes once but it was under new and notable.
So that's what makes this little partnership we have going on interesting is that neither one of us are good enough to be featured as a video game podcast.
And I use good enough with loose quotes there.
Put Morgan Webb on your album art and shit, you'll be featured every week.
She's really awesome though, but has a small head.
She is.
That's the one thing I got out of E3 that year, because her head is really tiny.
The show's over.
I got his autograph, like, at the Nintendo Powerfest in, like, 19, whatever.
I still want to know what dumpster our sampler CD ended up in, Loki.
I don't know.
Probably, like, some intern, you know, angered them,
fucking threw it into his head like a ninja star, I don't know.
All right, I want to know what kind of dumpster that the katamari ball ended up in,
because seriously, you know, that thing...
We put our sampler on there. Didn't we put one of the ferrets on it too? Yeah, we did.
All right.
Uh, let's see, buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.
Oh, don't forget, G4 was also the channel that brought us video game vixens.
Oh, I missed it.
Hey, at least I had something to do with video games.
Alright, we're done with G4 bashing, honestly.
That's so, you know, yesterday.
Anyway,
let's get this
show done with. Here's your fortune cookie message. Oh, final, final, final, final
thoughts. Mikl Tov.
The new Power Rangers sucks, except for the Green Ranger.
don't look at me like that
spike final final final super duper last thought
if you have anything
tommy talarico's just way too short
uh...
loki
what the hell was that really crappy show that was on that station with that
featured like the MMO skits
and that guy named dave who talked to a computer that didn't really exist
wasn't that uh...
Um...
Portal! God damn portal suck! Never mind, I take it all back!
Portal fucking suck!
No, you know what? You know what?
I would rather have that.
I would rather have that than what we have now.
And I take back everything I said.
Dark Sakura, final thought.
Um...
Hi.
And my final super duper last bit thought is, um...
I broke the mic.
Good night, everybody! Here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
