Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We're here on this March the 12th of 2006 with episode number 176.
We had a pretty exciting first half there, talking about all sorts of stuff, the new
PSP, talking about patching on the Xbox 360, and we're going to kick off this segment with
some more news.
Going over to the Xbox 360, Loki?
Yeah, they're saying there's a story going out on most of the gaming sites out there
about foil and how it ruined the 360.
Apparently, on the graphics processor heatsink, there is a foil layer left on there, and one
German sites out there on the Xbox scene forums he actually opened up his 360 to
show that the foil was still on there and saying that the foil left on there
on the the heat transfer pad is basically acting like a skillet I guess
and instead of a heatsink so no basically that's kind of backing up the
whole you know heatsink over the GPU overheating and that's what caused the
Xbox 360 to stop working and yeah I know that one do you think Microsoft is gonna
replace that one well here's basically no the guy that cracked it open oh no no
that they basically there's a follow-up by Microsoft and they've come out with
this it's saying, the video posted by the German blog
gamesstore24.de shows the thermal interface pads that are installed per
specification. This foil eliminates the need
of a protective liner which simplifies the final assembly process and minimizes
shipping concerns and contamination
issues. Whatever the hell that's supposed to mean. Then of course they go on to say
that opening your case voids your
warranty yada yada yada. No, I thought it enhanced it.
I thought opening it up and it was full of cookies.
I thought that let the gnomes come out to play.
Stop looking at my shirt!
I love your underpants gnome shirt.
Thank you.
Now the whole thing is, is it, you know, is the foil actually causing this thing to overheat?
We don't know.
That's what it comes down to.
It's just another article out there because...
It gives better heat spread so you can cook better.
Now, I personally think that it doesn't because I guess if you had something on, you know,
most of the time like for CPUs and stuff when you're talking like an actual PC, you have
thermal paste in between, some manufacturers will use foil instead because it also allows
heat transfer from the CPU to the heat sink.
Well this foil got in the way of that, it possibly could, you know, inhibit the heat
transfer a little bit and that could cause overheating or you know the foil was meant
to be there who knows we don't know all we know is that something was overheating something
no worky something after the sky very angry when sky get broken xbox 360 and have to send
it back that's for sure if it's not this thing it's something else you know all we need to
know is that it it wasn't working and it's hopefully being fixed and they're hopefully
going to get the units out there so we can hopefully buy one all right we'll see we'll
Well hopefully Sony is learning from some of these bugs and it looks like they are on
the first steps to getting these machines, the PlayStation 3 is being made, maybe, I
mean it's kind of take this with a grain of salt, but the Chinese website MyDrivers
has reported that a Taiwan manufacturer Compec has received the orders from Sony to start
producing the PCI PCB, this would be the printed circuit board for the PlayStation 3.
There is no official announcement from Compaq, but the rumor says that this is going into
production June or July of this year.
If you are taking this with a grain of salt, just know that MyDrivers is a pretty reputable
Chinese website, but you know, don't take anybody's word for it until you hear it from
Sony directly, I suppose, with the PlayStation 3.
Sounds like it may be on its way after all, at least the first few steps to getting that
done.
And let's go over to a Nintendo story.
Why not?
Sakura, what's new on the Nintendo DS?
A bunch of stuff.
But in this particular, there's a new RPG on the way for the DS.
It's called Contact, and it's a game
about hunting, cooking, fishing, training, collecting,
and romance.
Whoa, hold on a second.
Hunting, training, fishing, all that stuff.
That reminds me of Oregon Trail.
Oregon Trail with love.
With humping.
With making babies.
What?
I hope. You play as someone named Terry
you meet a professor whose spaceship has crashed on a weirdo planet
and you have to collect cells which are the power source for the ship and
they're all over the place you have to go find them.
As you're going you train animals, collect items, play a bunch of mini games
there's real-time combat there's a an online version but they haven't said
anything about how that's gonna work
It's being produced by Goichi Suda who is the director of Killer7 and the characters
were designed by Atsuko Fukushima of Popola Cross.
That makes me happy.
There is actually an official site up for it too and it's going to be published by Atlas
in the U.S. No UK release date stated as of yet although they know that it's in development
by Marvelous Interactive and Rising Star
tends to bring over their games in Europe so there's hope for
our European audience. The artwork I have to say though after looking
through the Japanese site it is pretty awesome
I'm looking forward to it. Sounds cool. Loki!
We touched on some new stuff on Xbox Live
during the first half of the show but set the record straight for us what's
going on on Xbox Live?
A couple new things are coming out actually
first being the outfit the demos hit
Xbox Live you can do multiplayer on there
or split-screen multiplayer those are the only things available
for right now but definitely worth checking out and of course Ridge Racer 6
demo is now on Xbox Live so you can also check that out as well
not a big fan of those type of games like the outfit but I'll probably check
it out because hey it's free and I heard our buddies over at All Games are really
into it and I was listening to their show and they seem really into it
The whole thing reminds me of kind of like G.I. Joe, sort of the whole...
The whole...
Well when you put it that way it sounds kind of cool.
Now you know!
The way the outfit is, I mean, because it's kind of like this, you know, over-exaggerated
like World War II action game where you can call in reinforcements and weapons and stuff
like that and you have all these vehicles that you're riding around in.
It just seems very, I don't know, it seems pretty fun.
I heard that you kind of control a team of four, and I like games where I get to be the
boss so you know maybe I will have to check it out even though war games are
usually not my type of thing of the battle whatever the hell I I I'll give
it a fair shot hell I tried battlefield 2 which is so not my kind of game and I
was very lost when I played it but you know gotta try it get can't knock it
till you tried it right you left yourself way open for a joke shut up not
to shut it right there but why did why did what what right do you have being on
this show tonight are you even a gamer I am okay what was the last game you
played Diablo 2 like I said okay but but new game burnout oh yeah burnout legends
all right fine I'm just giving you a hard time bugs my buddy I've known him
forever 17 years I had to put up with your show I shut up all right put up
with mine so Loki I'm going back over to you what do you got on Silent Hill
they're working on the Silent Hill 3 team they're working on a new project
for PlayStation 3. Duh. So like Silent Hill 5 most likely? Or maybe something
different? Yeah. We just know they're working. They're hard at work again. Yeah.
And tomorrow the sun will come out! I mean seriously how stupid of a sort.
It's the third release of Silent Hill 2. They're making another in a really
successful franchise that has a movie coming out that's probably gonna be one
of the first video game movies is actually good.
It's going to be final hill.
No, they're making a sequel?
Oh my god, that's such a shocker.
Did you know what?
Mario Brothers is going to be on the revolution when that comes out too.
In Halo 3 it's coming out on the Xbox 360.
Whoa, shocker.
Okay, seriously.
Alright look, it was making the rounds on game sites so we have to report it.
Alright, do you have something else then, Loki, that might be more worthy of our time?
Maybe?
No, actually, yeah, Sega is developing a Playstation 3 launch title, and what would you think?
And you know what?
The sun's gonna set tomorrow, duh!
No it's not.
Yeah, but how many-
I plan on shooting it down out of the sky.
How many golf games does Sega make?
Oh!
Oh, snap!
Oh my god, sorry.
They don't make mocap.
And plus it is- you know what, I don't care how long it's been, it is still weird to hear
of Sega making games for other consoles? I don't care how long it is, it's still weird.
Yes, they're currently developing a crazy money golf game, and actually it's two golf
games, I should say. Doesn't sound that exciting to me, but I don't know, maybe it's Sonic
Golf or something? I'm sorry, just like everything attached to Sega is just always Sonic? Yeah!
Maybe Ooh La La's Sexy Golf would be awesome.
Or Crazy Taxi Golf.
Let's make some crazy porn!
Alright, DarkSakura is going to try and bring us back to Sanity World.
Oh, who am I kidding?
It's her website of the week and you know it's going to be just as crazy as the rest
of what we've been talking about this evening?
No, it's a serious and important, relevant site that affects everybody's life.
Alright, cue the theme music?
Yes.
Today's website of the week is www.cheese.com Yes, the number one resource about cheese.
To quote from the website, cheese is nutritious food made mostly from the milk of cows but
also other mammals, including sheep, goats, buffalo, reindeer, camels, and yaks.
About 4,000 years ago, people started to breed animals and process their milk.
That's when cheese was born.
You can search the database of 654 cheeses by name, country of origin, type of milk used
to produce it, or by texture.
What about head cheese?
Head cheese is actually the brains of a cow.
I know, but does it have information about that?
I think it's talking about dairy cheese.
No from under cheese then.
From under cheese.
I want red dwarf.
If anybody found Orange Lounge Radio's on topic-ness for this episode, could you please
email us?
Because we seem to have lost it.
Some of the cheese is listed on this site.
I believe it's behind the caffeine.
Airedale cheese.
We have American cheese, which is really crap.
Atun cheese, we have Babyville, which actually is one of my favorites.
Basket cheese. We even have things on here like curworthy cheese and curd cheese.
I eat about two blocks of parmesan cheese a month.
You used to do that. How about eating your cheese?
That's a gamer snack, easy cheese. I personally love feta cheese
with sun-dried tomatoes on my pizza. What about Velveeta cheese?
Alright. You know what, that's called processed food cheese product.
All right, so this is your website of the week because it's just because it's cheese
caffeinated cheese. Oh, I think I found the on topic. Here we go.
This new game galactic civilizations to it's actually a little bit different. It just came out
a little different in the digital rights management of the way the game is set up because
the license of the game allows you to install the game onto as many machines as you want to
that you own as long as only one copy is being used at once.
Their thought behind this is how many sales are lost because people want to have a game
on their laptop and desktop, but they don't want to have to buy multiple CDs for that.
Being a laptop and desktop owner, I kind of like games like Warcraft that I can put on
both of them, so that's kind of interesting.
The other side of that is this company called Star Force, which is an anti-piracy developer.
They kind of struck a low blow, a story here on oneup.com that was run earlier this week
saying that Star Force, what they did, they actually posted on their company message boards,
again Star Force makes the anti-piracy software, by an admin and they put a link in the post
to a torrent file for Galactic Civilizations 2.
Why would an anti-piracy company be linking torrents?
Well saying in the post, right now several thousands of people are downloading the pirated
version only from that website.
Is it good for the sales?
Unlikely.
So in other words, it was kind of like a bully tactic in a way because they're an anti-piracy
company and they're saying that, oh, this company didn't use our software and here's
their game being rampantly pirated and how dare they...
Would they sue them?
I don't know what could happen.
Of course, the post is gone now.
And Galactic Civilizations 2 did publish a response saying, our primary weapon to fight
piracy is through rewarding customers through convenient, frequent, free updates.
If you make it easy for users to buy and make full use of your product or service legitimately,
then we believe youíll gain more users from that convenience than youíll lose from piracy.
Very interesting and rebellious stance from this company that I think is very customer
driven.
I got to say, kind of neat.
Like Star Force needed any more negative publicity, seriously.
What else have they done?
Iím not very familiar with that company.
Theyíre really bad, as far as the techs that they use, I think theyíre one of the companies
that had spyware thrown on your PC that basically monitors what you're running, that type of
thing.
I'm pretty sure that was the same company.
Interesting.
So, they're on the naughty list this week, and we've got Galactic Civilizations 2 on
the nice list for their outside the box thinking on their policy there.
Loki, what else is being developed?
company called Bigfoot Networks is actually just gotten some money to
develop what they're saying is going to be the end of all lag lag is gone
they're developing I guess hardware that's gonna be used in conjunction with
online games or god knows what and it will end lag and apparently I don't know
it sounds interesting it's one of those I'll believe it when I see it type
things I definitely hooray for the idea that somebody's gonna try and you know
fix the lag problems but can you really know I don't know I'll believe it when I
see it just like you know of course who knew that you could compress something
like the music into the size of an mp3 file until somebody actually did it
that's probably a horrible comparison but I'm just saying is that you know
sometimes things sound too good to be true and then they really do happen it's
It's basically this product that they're releasing called the NetBlazer card.
It's, I guess, going to go on your PC, so... interesting.
I don't know, it's... sounds cool.
I hope it works. Alright. Dark Sakura!
What? Whoa!
Sorry, Miss Thing. You have some updates, well not updates, but an interesting
story on some games that were never released but maybe should have been?
To quote this title, which I think is perfect, cut down in their prime.
What website is this?
The best games that never were, from a game cloud.
Here's just a list of various games that have been cancelled.
One was Babylon 5 into the fire, cancelled September 1998,
which was basically a big space simulator.
It would have used some film content from the TV actors,
But it was just dragging along for the development so they axed it
There was xcom
Genesis it says I cancelled December
1999 I wonder whatever happened to xcom like I played like one or two of them and then it kind of disappeared
I was never like super into xcom like some of my friends were but you know
I kind of always wondered why there's a
Franchise I'm kind of surprised you haven't seen tried to come back from the dead recently. We have house where to blame for that. Hmm
Next up, XCOM Alliance, cancelled sometime in 2001, again another victim of Hasbro.
Daikatana 2, 1999.
Games that should have been cut.
Amen, The Awakening, January 2000.
It was a first person shooter at Cave Dog.
There was an E3 demo at 1999, had a lot of interactive features, but they, well, had
many issues and boop, down it went.
So they focused on total annihilation and then closed down.
Ultima Worlds Online, I almost said offline, Ultima Worlds Online cancelled March 2001.
It was by Origin and EA to create a sequel to the first Ultima to do sort of like a sci-fi
fantasy thing but it just they didn't want to pull people off of the original
Ultima online so they... Interesting because then years later of course you
have EverQuest 2 doing battle with EverQuest 1 in a way because people who
built up their characters on EverQuest 1 didn't want to leave so it's kind of
like they saw this with Ultima years ago so it's kind of interesting. Another game
canceled with Simsville September 2001. Maxis announced it in 2000 as a mix of
of The Sims and SimCity, um...
but, um...
I actually have an old
copy of, like, SimCity 3000 that has a, like, promo material for it.
Huh. It was like, wow, this looks like it'd be interesting, but I don't know how the hell they're gonna pull it off.
Dude, Bug, do you remember when we used to play SimAnt?
Yes. That game was the shit. The bright yellow ant.
That game was awesome. But it pretty much, uh, instead of doing that, they did The Sims Online and then went on to Sims 2.
which probably was better or worked out better for him
then we had torn
july two thousand when it was canceled it was from interplays uh... black house
studios that would have used the uh...
lift tech engine
uh... hyped up
cancel down
uh... cuz especially interplay hasn't you know the game in two years
uh... duke nukem endangered species canceled two thousand one
uh...
basically cuz they're working on didn't come forever
Um, but they were still, it was, we're still waiting on hello.
Um, but there was, uh, a, uh, message by the, uh, 3d realms, uh, CEO on the
planet crap message boards.
That's the best name ever planet crap.
This was a game we had to give our publisher in order to get a
very sweet deal in another areas.
We've since talked to them.
We've since taught them out of it.
To answer some questions from chatroom, www.orangelanitrader.com.
Phoenix wants to know why are we talking about games that were cancelled in 2000-2001?
Because the list is the best of all time, or best games that were never, I don't know,
all time.
And there's more.
Give us real quickly what's left.
Sam & Max Freelance Police cancelled March 2004, Trinity in 2003, it was sort of a response
Sir, Return of Castle Wolfenstein,
SWAT Urban Justice, canceled 2003,
Mythica, February 2004,
Ultimate X Odyssey, 2004,
Black Nine, sometime in 2003.
Interesting feedback from our chat room.
I think they were starting to shout out
some other games that came to mind.
Ryoma says, the Zelda demo with Ganon.
It was, I guess, a while back there was that demo,
you know, the old, was it on GameCube?
That first demo that they had?
I'm trying to remember which one he's referencing
because there's a couple that come to mind there.
SpiritSnare says they canceled Nintendo puzzle collection,
Panel de Pon forever,
but they released Pokemon Channel instead.
Interesting.
Oh, and Ryoma and GK128 are joining in,
and Earthbound 64, but GK128 pointing out
Earthbound 64 was canned,
but it came back on the GBA in Japan.
And of course, one that I can interject as well,
remember the Final Fantasy VI in 3D demo?
A very brief demo that was on Nintendo 64 or something,
Iíve actually still been trying to hunt that down.
I saw it ages ago, an emulation site had that.
This was another game I was actually interested in, it was Robotech Crystal Dreams.
The developer of that game actually has the ROM for it up on his website and his 3D models
available.
Iíll see if I can hunt that down for folks in the chat room.
One thing that people have been waiting a little while to see a game made out of this
is Family Guy.
That's right, a high voltage software is going to be developing a Family Guy game for Take
Two Entertainment.
They're going to be doing some video games there based on Family Guy, and I'm assuming
that it's actually going to be multi-platform.
I think I read somewhere here it's multi-platform, so you're probably going to see, I would say
it's probably going to be a very similar deal to what you see with the Simpsons games, but
Hopefully better games than what we got with the Simpsons games because they're only a couple like hit and run was okay
But you know
Most of the Simpsons games were kind of poopy the good old arcade game. Oh, well, yeah the arcade game
It owns everything but you know, all right
So what do you think what what family guy game because I know you're a huge family guy fan Loki
What kind of game would you like to see them do besides do he takes over the universe personally?
I think it would be great any family guy game because family guy at least unlike the Simpsons
they're willing to be violent and you know push the boundaries so I think it
would be if you made like a I don't know I personally want to see another arcade
game is like is this family guy jumping the shark though I think it's I wouldn't
really want my you know I wouldn't really want to see a family guy game
just because I'm afraid of what they do with it but if it's done right then hell
yeah ryoma set in our chat room in orange on
It's going to be Peter Farting, Stewie Cursing, Brian Drinking, Chris Whining, Meg Also Whining,
Lois Cleaning Up After Everyone's Crap, and Quagmire Being Generally Horny.
So it'll just be the show.
There should be a Quagmire game.
And Xander C. says, you know what they need to make a video game out of?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Didn't we have somebody a while back that was going to make a text adventure game based
on Orange Lounge Radio or something?
We need our own RPG.
We need to fire up RPG Creator and make something, it'll be interesting.
It's harder than it sounds.
I know.
Hey, you know what guys, if you want to do something like that and get our eternal worship,
go for it.
We'll put it on our MySpace or something, who knows.
Alright, moving on to another story, let's go on over to Loki, who has another possible
movie jumping to the game world.
Well, you know, Quentin Tarantino in video games, that's something you don't really
hear that often.
Please say Kill Bill The Game.
No.
Damn.
Kill Bill The Game.
No, the theme of this year's games coming out are old, classic, violent movies made
into games.
Like you have The Godfather, Scarface, and now Reservoir Dogs.
Yes.
Reservoir Dogs The Game.
Reservoir Dogs The Game.
So lots of cursing, shooting, and black and white.
It's going to be based on the movie and it's being developed by Blitz Games.
It's going to be primarily a third-person shooter, but we'll incorporate some driving
elements as well as the torture scene where Michael Madsen reprises his role of Mr. Blonde
in third-person shooter involving some driving.
Why does Nark come to mind for some crazy reason?
You know what comes to mind for me?
What?
Enter the Matrix.
Oh, that's kind of weird.
Because it involves driving and shooting and general suckage.
I like to enter the Matrix.
Again, is this jumping the shark?
Probably.
It's just a trend.
I mean, it's just like Scarface.
Into the shark.
So.
I would much...
Just like Jaws!
Speaking of jumping the shark, the Jaws game is coming out later this year.
Somebody was just telling me about that game the other night, that they're eagerly awaiting
that game.
Jaws jumped the shark when Jaws 2 came out.
have a jaws 3d with jaws they actually have like a dismemberment engine and
you can dismember people in 25 different places
did you play as the shark you play as the show now that's pretty cool have you
been
I I told you
school well no they showed it at e3 I could have sworn we went looked at I
didn't go look at that cuz I was busy
or in myself out to Sega I like echo the dolphin on rabies
I was in the line for the PS3, that's where I was.
Alright, alright.
Moving on, did you guys hear this?
In China they are rising up and starting a revolution, in World of Warcraft that is.
Game unions have threatened to quit playing World of Warcraft because it has to do with
unstable servers and it's just going crazy.
Now it's important to note that Blizzard really doesn't oversee the servers.
In China, it's actually maintained by a company called The9, and they charge gamers by the
hour to play World of Warcraft.
The9 is having a lot of problems solving technical issues related to the game, and they're not
seeking Blizzard's help all the time there.
Gamers are getting pissed off at severe time delays, long queue times, and frozen server.
Right now, WoW has about 530,000 players on it, and they're about ready to just rise up
and quit playing the game.
They're going to vote with their wallets.
So just so you know, if you thought we had long queues on some of the servers here in
America, just remember, it could always be worse.
DarkSakura traveling around the world there, what's going on in the UK, your UK update?
a few things there is a zombie MMO on its way by thinking man studios cool
it's a survival horror MMORPG that lets you play either as a human or
flesh-eating zombie it's titled ex animus which is a Latin for without life
for people who don't know that is there a button for yelling brains I don't
think a zombie would really have the mental capacity to be able to say brains
they just go like that I just noticed last night that the zombies in Diablo 2
to say brains they do it was creepy well the only speaking zombies we have in like
the Resident Evil universe is just like a stars anyway back to the story and you
should be able to expect to see half rotten corpses walking around tearing
apart the bodies of the living for food and there is a website that's stating it
will be competitively priced to other MMOs currently on the market the game is
only in development for the PC but for a max xbox 360 or ps3 version they say you
never know with technology always changing we are always interested in
finding new outlets for people to play no yet word of a release date and the
screenshots out but there is a site and I'll be linking it to our chat room
shortly I personally want to play as a zombie so I can go around eating people
you know tearing off limbs beating them with one of the dead oh yeah we need
Sean of the Dead the game. That's actually a brilliant idea. Next up Sony is removing
PSP posters. It's a particular poster that advises consumers to take a running
jump from tram and train stations across the country after transport staff
expressed safety concerns. The poster was part of a recent advertising campaign to
promote the PSP in the UK. It featured a plain white background with red text that
said take a running jump from here there's been actually a bunch of other
ones are kind of teasing at the changes that are being made with the PSP like
you know kind of remember the ones we mentioned like well a couple weeks ago
about pictures and stuff interesting hmm well a little bit more on this a rail
worker saw the poster to Tran platform at Metro links Manchester Piccadilly
station and decided there was a safety issue and tried to have it covered they
saw it so it looks inappropriate and to quote on here the message goes
completely against all of our safety messages particularly because
PlayStation is aimed at youngsters and we are constantly telling them not to
trespass so Sony has taken steps down to remove the posters from the tram
stations lastly guess what we've got huh we have release dates which would be
be nice if this battle for middle earth ad wouldn't cover half of them let's see
let's see um we have actually had releases I'm gonna since we have passed
the 10th I'm gonna go ahead and move on to the 14th Metal Gear Solid 3
subsistence on ps2 on the 14th 17th 24 the game
Ankh Atelier Iris eternal mana burnout revenge buzz the big quiz driver
parallel lines, Finding Nemo, Jamesbun007 from Russia with Love, LA Rush, Midway Arcade
Treasures Deluxe, Onimusha, Dawn of Dreams, Sonic Riders, The Outfit, Tom Clancy's Ghost
Recon Advanced Warfighter, Worms.
Sweet.
Loki, anything we should be looking forward to in the US to follow that up?
Yeah, there's actually some pretty cool stuff coming out this week.
parallel lines coming out of Playstation 2 and Xbox. It's supposed to not suck, but we'll
see. Metal Gear Solid 3 Subsistence, of course, really awesome, and if you're into kids games,
I guess, Ice Age 2 the Meltdown. Oh, to match the movie, it's coming out. Well, yeah, the
movie's coming out later this year, but I don't know. Not too much else coming out.
What have you heard about 24 the game? I'm kind of curious about this even though I've fallen behind on watching the actual show just
Because I really haven't watched a lot of TV recently
I mean not even the shows I used to watch like all the time like even like I
I'll admit I watch survivor like every week. I haven't been watching it like nothing. It's it's really weird um
But how's 24 the game supposed to be have you heard anything about this? I know the reviews weren't that great really hmm. That's too bad
This is gonna seem really random
But of course we are an interactive show and sometimes the chat room is going to a dictate the way we go on the show
here a Phoenix in our chat room and orange on twitter.com says this kid at my school got caught wanking in the bathroom to porn on
His PSP in response to the PSP a bit that a dark soccer had to say but that made me think of this clip
That's going around the internet this week
have you guys seen this the guy that's playing World of Warcraft and the friends sneak up on him and he's he's he's
He's wanking to the sexy night elf dancing, the female night elf, have you guys seen this
on YouTube?
No.
Oh god.
No.
Now I sound like I'm crazy.
But hopefully people in chatroom know what I'm talking about here.
But it's kind of like, it looks like it might be fake, I don't know, go to YouTube and search
for it.
I think it might be staged a little bit because it's almost a little too convenient that they
walked in on this guy who had his door open and stuff.
But nevertheless it sure seems to be making the rounds on the internet this week because
I saw it posted in like three different forums. So I don't know that comment made me think of that. Where have you been posting?
World of wank.com
Loki yes
You also have another worldly story for us. Yes, it's
Interesting basically
Nintendo is
Nintendo is going to suit the Dutch
What do they do this time? Everyone's always picking on the Dutch, you know?
Hey, I'm half Dutch. My husband's Dutch, and you know what his
grandfather says? If you ain't Dutch, you ain't much.
Well I know I use a stage name on this show, but if you know my real last name, it's very
Dutch, so you know, you can kind of tell. Basically, long story short, they did a political
ad for when they're, um, one of the politicians running and of course, parodying Mario Brothers,
so.
Wait, so why are the Dutch getting, why are they suing the political party over this?
Because it's the Dutch.
Wait, wait, run this by me again, what happened?
Political party did an advertisement, um, I guess bashing one of their competitors or
whatever, um, running, using like a Mario Brothers type of thing.
Okay, I get it. Do we have a clip or anything? No, it's Dutch. Well, damn.
All right. Well, um, you know, I guess it's nice to know that there's many Su happy companies in the gaming industry. Who knows?
What about parody and all that stuff? Can't you?
Well, I don't know. I guess that's American thing. I don't know about Dutch law,
but shouldn't there be room for fair parody and all that stuff?
No, not when you're talking about Mario Brothers. I guess not, sheesh. Parody and satire. I found it.
Oh, you found the clip?
It's on YouTube.
The World of Warcraft clip or the Dutch clip?
I don't want to watch it right now, but link our chatters.
I will link our chatters.
Alright, let's go over to
God of War 2.
It's coming out.
That's pretty much all we have to say about that at this time.
It is coming out, and
Game Informer Magazine actually has some
screens from it.
Also, something to note, it is coming out for
PlayStation 2.
uh...
not going that's pretty awesome except i haven't got my freaking game former
magazine issues in the last three months
dammit him why would happen
stupid
people
uh... they just don't freaking uh...
they just don't love you and i love me
i guess so
all right well i'm sure that gets you in a pretty angry mood when we get angry we
have to get ranti so that means kids it's time for the f use of the week
Dark Sockra, are you ready to get your hate on?
Yeah, although this Dutch thing is really funny.
Good Dutch rolls.
I'd have to say that my a few of the week goes towards
I would have to say the whole
American work ethic.
As in, well not necessarily the work ethic, but the attitude that corporations, different companies place on overworking employees, you know?
I think it's in the Netherlands that the government has mandatory four weeks paid vacation.
We're here, what are we given, what, ten days, fifteen days, something like that?
And that's including sick time.
Yet, they're just as productive as we are.
So yeah, that's uh, you know, they wonder why we have the highest, uh, you know, amount of, uh, stress leave granted to employees is because THEY'RE BURNING US OUT!
So take a vacation.
Alright, that it?
Yeah, that's been my F.U. of the entire week.
Alright, Loki!
Uh, fuck you to the full auto multiplayer servers and for the people that constantly disconnect mid-race because they're losing and they suck.
It makes it really hard for me to get these last two achievements if people keep quitting
the races and they're not counting.
Get me a 360, I'll help you with that.
I want to give an FU to movie prices, because that's really why I haven't been to the movies
in forever.
Let's see, I can pay $9.25 to go see a movie in the theater, or I can pay less than twice
that to get a Netflix account and watch movies on my pretty HDTV.
Bug, do you have any FUs?
Just a few that are not having a job, still, since May, but I do have an interview this
week.
You want to make your plea?
We have a lot of people listening to this show, maybe some in the Bay Area.
What are your qualifications?
Unix admin.
Alright.
If you want to offer Bug the job, send us an email.
With real money?
He's actually a really smart computer guy.
You know how everybody has that friend that they call when they need their computer fixed?
That's Bug.
I call Bug when Loki's not available.
It really depends on what the issue is, bugged I call for most of my issues.
Also I had one more I forgot, FU did my work for blocking all internet access except for
a few select sites and this is not really, I understand why they're doing it because
there's a lot of people slacking off at work and going on MySpace and stuff like that.
But the problem is also the sites I use for my information on games and stuff and to update
our interoffice forms and stuff is being blocked and I have to constantly email them like for
example, IGN. You don't really understand how many subdomains there are to IGN until
you actually have it blocked and try to have them unblock it. There's like 60 different
domains on there and they have to unblock all of them. And they're arguably saying,
oh, some of these are for ads and we don't want to unlock two ads. Well, then I don't
get pictures on that site and GameSpot, same thing. I don't have pictures on the site anymore
and all the site formatting is all messed up now because they blocked all this stuff.
And also the other thing too, they blocked all search engines, so if you're looking for
information that might not be on those sites, oh, you're screwed.
How about instead of blocking the entire internet, they just block MySpace?
Or maybe they should just block the sites that they don't want people to go to, which
I've insisted they do in the first place, but the conspiracy theory around the office
is they're doing it to make work uncomfortable so people will leave.
Now can you still play solitaire on the computers?
Yeah.
Well, what did they fix then?
make sure you don't play with the government when it comes through what
they did in my work is that there is actually a corporate software that they
can have go in with Internet Explorer that blocks certain sites registered as
a certain type exactly that's what they did in this site but they blocked even
stuff that was registered as movies slash TV which is our business I mean
come on but it's just gotten to ridiculous level they've taken they've
I've taken this whole back-asswards approach to try to solve the problem.
You know how I know that we made it, though, in the business?
OrangeLonsRadio.com finally got blocked by Websense at one point for being an internet
fan club or something.
I can still access it at work.
I know, but I couldn't access it at one of our vendor companies because I guess they
have a high level of restriction on Websense, and we get picked up.
Interesting, huh?
Lucky you.
I know. Well it's excellent though. I can't wait to explain to my boss why certain things
take longer than usual now. You just have to give justification. That's what it's all
about. Once management starts fussing things will change. When it starts affecting how
management looks, oh yeah, they'll make a change. When they can't hit their girly porn,
they'll fix it. Alright, let's move on and get back into some news here. Loki, Konami
what are they up to they're up to making some stuff no they're they're get they're jumping
on the nintendo's bandwagon that's right konami's making another dog simulator game including a
touch mode and stuff the only difference is it's for pc okay well that's different that dog looks
like it's peeing that dog looks fat yes all the pictures of this game look like they all look
like the dog is taking a crap. It's true! What is the game? Pooping Dog? It's Dog Station
is what it is. This looks like a great game for me to poop on. Why can't I make a cat
game? So seriously, it's like dog picture dog pooping. Dog picture dog pooping. I guess
it's the way he's sitting. I don't know. Dog poop is funny. If I remember correctly though,
I believe Dog Station was an arcade game, I want to say, because I know that Dog Station
is a franchise that they have out there right now.
I'm not exactly sure what you do, but Dark Tetsuya in chat agrees with you.
But it's interesting.
So it'd be like Nintendogs at work.
Next you're going to be getting Boonga Boonga, the home version.
Gross.
If you don't know what that is, good.
You're lucky.
Ah, Dark Sakura.
What?
You have an interesting story about a game I've been looking forward to. I don't know
much about it
but it still sounds fascinating to me, just the little I have heard about it.
Why do you need it?
I think I do. I think we could all use a little bit of it.
What is it? Brain training!
Brain training is,
actually there was an announcement in the
Mainichi daily news, which I think is funny because Mainichi also means every day. Anyway, um, it's
basically
To help your brain fire on all of the nerve structures and all doctors are recommending it to the elderly
to help stimulate their brain
There's a memory loss clinic at Kyoto's Uchida hospital
for patients suffering dementia
They got a hold of the DS's and brain training and are using it to try to help people get
brain function back.
There's a quote from a 67 year old patient named Isamu Shishido who said that he hoped
the game would help him stop forgetting things like names and phone numbers so his daughter
will stop making fun of him.
To quote, I don't want to end up some crazy old man, I want to play a little every day
before going to bed.
He said, this isn't even reasonable stuff, Nintendo basically though is using this as
an excuse to point out again that people of all ages like Spring Training Software and
that they're trying to use this strategy to try and appeal to existing games, you know,
gamers who are out of it, non-gamers, trying to basically appeal to the whole broad market
of gamers as this is something you can use to...
I can't help but think myself, is this going to be the next game that really crosses that
gap and gets everybody in on it, like Tetris?
Well the theory is it's actually a publicity stunt because Nintendo is housed in Kyoto.
But you know, if it's going to pretty much help with, you know, because we're first marketing
it to younger people and people of slow learning capacity, but if this is something that's
going to also help keep the minds of older people sharp to hold off some of the effects
of old age, then who are we to tell them not to do it?
If it's actually helping people, if it does good, they should go for it.
Some folks in our chat room might disagree with the brain training setting the stage
to be a huge game.
Funny Dale in our chat room says, brain training, with that name alone, it's a sure bet that
it'll fail in the USA I think it's good I think brain Olympics would have been a
but then you get you fight with the Olympic Committee over something like
that but because people love the only well actually I don't know the Olympics
are pretty poor rated this year on HBO how these have brain games I remember a
Fox special that was on something like how smart is America or the great
American quiz when this couple years ago they had this show on it was like a big
20 question quiz show no control was far better
whatever Colin Quinn just attach the name American Idol to brain training and
as much as pop star pop idol and as opposites that that probably sounds you
know American Idol does well in the ratings all right um let's go for like
brain food all right let's uh we're kind of winding down here with orange lounge
radio this week but first off a chance for anybody to get out any stories they
haven't done yet before we get into tonight's last story I got one okay this
is gonna become well actually it should piss off a lot of people according to a
post on xbox.com there is an internal Best Buy document and we know how
wonderful those are stating that the new premium systems will now include a
a hundred gigabyte hard drive instead of a twenty gigabyte hard drive.
What?
Yeah, my thoughts exactly.
Exactly, bastards. And this is supposed to coincide with the DirecTV
downloadable
thing that's supposed to be... Fucking bastards, I mean...
Because Final Fantasy XI, when that comes out, it's going to eat up all your hard drive
space. You're not going to have room for anything like... Look at it this way, with the
with the Xbox 360 being white, it'll really show where you scraped it right across your
ass because you hate it.
So, I'm taking it as a rumor for now, but I can see this happening.
Alright, uh, last story of the night, Loki, what's the exciting news this week?
If you're a fan of really cheesy crap that's on TV, you might remember a show called Captain
N. I remember how awful that show was.
right the NES era cartoon featuring Kevin Kean normal teenager battling the
evil mother brain in video land it's coming in I remember how awful they
characterized everybody because it was like making me a mega high and made
Simon Belmont into this whole narcissistic glam boy I couldn't I can
see that though it was awful sorry but Simon Belmont looks like launch pad from
from DuckTales. Oh my god he does. The only good thing about that show is when they went
to the whole Zelda universe and they actually got the same voice actors for Link and Zelda.
Oh from the, yeah. And I thought the character models were pretty good. So what's the deal
we can down? It jumped the shark with the Game Boy. What's the deal with Captain N DVD?
Coming to DVD? Oh Jesus when? Don't have a when yet but it is coming to DVD. So to put
next to your Zelda cartoons from the Super Mario Super Show this is also put
out by the same people that did I believe what was it I remember the show
now it was cops the animated series I liked cops which I might add got horrible
reviews and the transfer sounds like was all those busters versus Ghostbusters
but the the whole thing about the captain is it for anybody who ever paid
attention to the actual storylines to the games. It was like a big ol' insult.
I just want to clarify some things in the chatroom there. The statement there coming
from a couple of people, I'll read Sephiroth1215's line here. The HDDs aren't even 20 gigs, it
was like 16. This is because of the emulator that's pre-installed on the drive.
Oh yeah, they forgot to mention that when they're selling you the 20 gig hard drive.
By the way, there's already a big fat emulator on here that you can't really get rid of.
And also, it's pre-loaded with a bunch of songs, too, like I had to go through and delete all the stuff,
because I actually loaded a custom soundtrack on my machine for when I'm playing the little Bejeweleds and Zumas and stuff.
I put a custom soundtrack on there, so I had to delete all the crap that was already on there.
Frustrating.
And I thought the way the Xbox handled the memory management was way better than 360,
because in 360 you have to dive into all the submenus to erase something, it's just very frustrating.
There's no global disk erase menu.
Why would you want to erase anything ever?
I don't know.
Well kids, it's about time to wrap up this edition of Orange Lounge Radio,
but not before we go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Number one, reject false icons.
Number two, the redeeming quality of Captain Inn was the Mother Brain and the Eggplant Wizard.
That's true, the Eggplant Wizard did rock.
Bug, thank you for being here tonight. What's your final thought?
I don't know.
alright Loki your final thought I gotta play some more I actually gotta try
burnout online I hear that's good but I need to get my full auto stuff done
first and my final thought is I'm about to be sucked back into Final Fantasy 11
kill me dead dick dick dick dick alright thank you guys so much for tuning in and
listening to us and supporting us hey don't forget you know help promote us we
would really appreciate that we're on myspace now you can always leave us a
review on iTunes or podcast alley or vote for us on live 365 we really
appreciate all that and it's awesome thank you always send candy grams yeah
we will take financial donations to candy gram all right and candy candy
candy or brownies with espresso in them right dark soccer oh hell yeah wait
those had espresso in them oh yeah till next week tick tick tick see ya
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
