Tonight, March 19th, 2006, a barrage of updates on the PlayStation 3, we dispel April Fools
rumors already hitting the internet, and do we really have to say goodbye to Katamari
The Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome everybody to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're here to give you the news that gamers really want to know about.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to my awesome co-host, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing?
Full.
Full?
You just ate before the show?
Yeah.
I had my usual burrito.
Awesome.
What makes it a burrito of doom? Is it blessed by the Dark Lord Satan or what?
I'm just kidding, I don't know. No, no, Satan decided not to bless my burrito.
I see, all right. Also say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello. How you doing?
I'm good, I feel like a Got Milk commercial. I have all that chocolate from those brownie
bites in my mouth. I know, that's like two weeks in a row that we've had those brownie bites here.
I went to Starbucks to go buy them, but they only had two
They're also out of white mocha, which I don't really care because I don't drink coffee
But Nellie wanted a white mocha. So so you had to hear all that complaining
No, and then I don't know. I don't like Starbucks
What's that? Oh, yay brownie. Anyway, we're here on this episode number
177 for this March 19th of 2006 and we got a lot of news to go into tonight so
let's just start getting into the show we always started off talking about how
our gaming week was the kinds of games we played this week little mini reviews
on stuff we've looked into and just so you know that we're gamers too you know
Dark Sakura what you've been doing this week um actually a lot of Animal
Crossing again just because it's what I can play at work other the rest of my
times been spent like doing school stuff um however um I uh my husband has told
me that I'm getting a PSP of my very own soon because of a certain case that will
be associated with a certain game what's this the for me and my katamari
apparently there's a case being released that's in the shape of the prince's head
oh I think I saw a picture of that somewhere I don't know if it was a
custom thing or the official one I know I've seen a picture of a PSP well it's
It's gotta be official if it's being shipped to GameStop.
Well, I know, I know, but I'm wondering if the picture I saw was the official one or a fan,
because you know fans probably did one, too, before that.
But, uh, so, uh, he has told me in no uncertain terms I'm getting my own PSP.
So that means I could probably give you yours back.
Yeah, yeah, I'd like mine back any day now.
No, you know what? I...
There's, well, the only time I really need mine back is when me and my Katamari comes out,
and there's a couple other games I want to check out, too, but honestly, guys,
this week is all about the DS for me.
And when we get into releases this week, I think you'll understand why.
And a lot of you guys probably already know, but we'll talk about that later.
Animal Crossing. I noticed a lot of people
kinda left Animal Crossing for other DS games.
Is Animal Crossing really the type of game you can kinda go back to, or is it
kinda one of those games that once you stop playing it, it gets too tough to get back into again?
I think you can pick it up at any time. You just have to be willing to do a lot of
weeding and
you know, kiss an ass of your town people.
But I also found out, this is when I was at the doctor yesterday, I played a lot of Puzzle Fighter.
A lot of Puzzle Fighter on my Game Boy Micro.
Oh, right on, like the old school, yeah. I love Puzzle Fighter.
I love street puzzle mode.
I really haven't touched Puzzle Fighter in a long time. I never played the Game Boy one.
There's no real differences from the PlayStation one, right? It's all the same?
It's all the same.
name. Actually I think it's slightly harder but then again I've been playing it on the
Micro where it's like really really tiny. Yeah I see that's why I won't get a Micro
because you know my eyesight's borderline bad enough. Mine was a gift. Puzzle Games,
you know what Puzzle Game never really came out for a home console that kind of made me
sad? They used to have this game at Golf Land Local Arcade, the Battle Balls, did you ever
play that with the marbles that you had to stack like four in a row? I never played that.
I was kind of fun it was it was an import game I know that Capcom game
is it I don't know what about what about
I'll shoot what was that one magical drop
magical drop kinda have like a resurgence you can get on your phone I
had magical drop on my cell phone go figure
amazing I am course at magical drop on any a GSCD
well I mean that's the way to do it if you wanna do it authentic but I'm
pretty sure magical drop also existed
I wanna say there was a version of it on Super Nintendo but please don't quote me
on that.
I thought that they did one actually for the Pocket. Did they get you a Pocket?
Probably because it was an SNK game. For some reason I don't remember, I remember
they did Cotton.
Which is, actually I need to find my copy of it because I've been really
getting back into some of my older gaming. We're actually hooking up the
Turbo Duo so I can play Space Fantasy Zone
that one of our listeners sent me.
Lucky.
Listeners don't send me gifts.
Oh, in a way, that's totally not true.
I totally just, they don't send me gifts,
but I got one in person.
I got a pretty big one in person not that long ago,
so I can't say that.
My bad.
I also found a very interesting book.
I was at Barnes and Noble last night,
and there was a retro magazine that they did
with the Super R-Type on the cover.
I was like, yeah!
They have like a gaming retro magazine?
Yeah.
That's kind of rad. I didn't know that.
There's also another book that was something about writing and poetry spawned from old video games.
It was one of the end cap books in the fantasy section that made me laugh.
Haikus?
I don't think it was a Haiku book.
You know what we should have on orangehonestredo.com is a Haiku forum.
Oh great video game how I love thee so much
I play you all day. It's beautiful
I was moved. It actually was right too.
You guys, I saw your fingers tapping as you were talking
That was good. Anything else you want to share about your week? Ouch.
Alright. Loki, how was your gaming week? My week was okay
I've been playing a lot of the Xbox stuff
I bought the outfit and I played that for about half an hour, so that's kind of cool.
I haven't really gotten the back to touch it, I've been trying to finish up getting
the rest of my achievements in full auto and I have one left and that's rank 10 online.
I just got my million, or was it a million, like was it a million points in just the game
and then 100 no 1000 kills I got the achievement for that and they have rank
9 I just did and then I just have ranked 10 online to do and I'm done the game
what are achievement points to you are you an achievement point horror where
you have to have like the as many as you possibly can yes and no I'm kind of that
way too it's like I just want to get done at the game because I'm not really
playing it too much anymore and it's just it's okay multiplayer but it's not
that fun so I just want to get done with it so if I feel like selling it I know
that I've milked all the achievement points out of it that I could possibly
get so I'm kind of yes and no on the achievement points like if I see like
for instance take take geometry Wars geometry Wars has an achievement point
that you get like five or ten points I remember for what's called pacifism
where you don't get hit by anything for seconds exactly I was kind of like okay
normally I wouldn't play the game like that but okay if I get 10 points out of it I'll
try it out and it actually is kind of tough I didn't get it my first try it was actually
a bit of a challenge but you know I'll go out of my way for little things like that
but I know people that like there was an article on the internet I don't remember if it was
this week or last week but it was about how to get easily 6000 gamer points.
It's all sports games.
And I'm kind of like okay nah that's not cool I mean that's that's you know if that's the
the way you're getting the gamers points then, you know, that means nothing when you look
at the score.
I mean, it's unfortunate that the score doesn't really tell you right away how the points
were gotten, but I still really like the system.
I think it's really kind of innovative, it's certainly different.
But I've been playing, I did play a little bit of Geometry Wars, I did get the Pacifist
achievement, which was a pain in the ass, and then I've only been able to get about
100,000 and then I get blown up pretty quick.
I really suck at Geometry Wars.
There's too much flashy shit on the screen, and I've been wondering if I should try it
in retro mode, if that'll make a difference, but...
Your score won't rank, and it's just a different mode.
I mean, I take it back, there is a ranking mode for it, but it's not the same one that
the achievements unlock on.
So if you want achievements, you gotta deal with it.
It's just too flashy, like there's too many particles in there and stuff.
I was actually reading an FAQ on the game, or I was looking on forums or something, I
I might have actually been on the official Xbox forums looking for hints on how to play and people are saying like oh you should
Be able to breeze through the first 500k easily
I'm like okay
Am I just old and my hand-eye coordination has gone way down or what because I really have a hard time breaking
Like 200k on a regular basis
Maybe I'm just like I read a tip that I thought was interesting and the tip
Suggested that like if you're having a hard time with it you focus on your ship and nothing
But the ship like you don't allow anything else on the screen to distract you except your ship
so that way you're dodging no matter what and that will help you get through
like at least like if they say the first 500k or million or something like that
but then after that you really do have to use your peripheral vision because I
guess things just start bombarding you like crazy but that'll at least help you
if you're struggling in the beginning like I am like you are so I don't know
and then I was playing feeding frenzy and the thing I like about this and the
fact the way the achievements are is it's a game where say I beat ten levels
of it, I can start it back later and play starting from level 10 and keep going on.
So it makes achievements really simple on it, and plus it's a pretty simple game actually.
And that's the one where you start off as a small fish and eat your way up until you
become bigger enough to eat the larger fish.
I've played a game exactly like that at Dave & Buster's except it gave you tickets.
And I have to say tickets are a little cooler than the achievement points because tickets
I can trade in for stuffed animals, which is cool.
I'm just waiting for like when they come up with something on Xbox Live that you can only
access it if you have X amount of achievement points or something like that.
I think that would be kind of neat if they, like it doesn't necessarily have to be like
a game but like something like a, maybe like a beta only open to hardcore players who got
a certain amount of achievement points on something or you know maybe one of these deals
but the problem is, is that it's these articles like the how to get 6000 gamers points easily
are going to kind of screw that up and unfortunately some games the achievement points are way
easier to get than others.
For instance, going with Xbox Live Arcade, Crystal Quest compared to Bejeweled, Bejeweled
you have to play hardcore because all the achievements practically are like astronomical
numbers of rounds and points.
Whereas Crystal Quest, if you get pretty good at it, you'll only have to play through one
or two times to really unlock the bulk of achievement points.
have to spend time with it for the others but I mean could put the two
games side by side and you know it's much easier to get it in the one I don't
know but other than that I've been playing a little bit burnout a little
bit of full auto of course the outfit as they mentioned and I think that's pretty
much it just been kind of bouncing around from those in a little bit of
Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories of course and god I think there was another
of the game in there too. Oh, I actually played The Simpsons on my MAME cabinet for a little
bit. Yeah, that's about it.
Alright, awesome. Yes, Star Chakra?
Nothing.
Oh, I thought you had a thought, because you reached for your mic suddenly. I thought maybe-
I thought it was going to fall.
You know what it might be, is that you're getting ready to scold me for my gaming week?
Oh no, what'd you do?
I spent the majority of my gaming week playing Final Fantasy XI.
Addict! That's okay, I went back to Ragnarok online.
Alright, so we're even.
Yeah, so I've been playing Final Fantasy XI starting over from scratch.
And I think I mentioned on the last podcast I was going to do this.
Well, I've actually been in the habit of doing it this week and playing.
I'm already up to level 9, yes!
And soon I'll be level 30 and be all ready for the expansion pack when it comes out.
Because the expansion pack definitely looks like it's going to be worth a try.
They're incorporating elements of older Final Fantasies and stuff into it, which is kind of neat.
Like somebody pointed out to me in the trailer,
see one of the judges from Final Fantasy Tactics and stuff in it, so I think that's kind of neat,
so we'll see what happens with that. I am interested in some of the new classes. I'm
prepping my little Taru because I reincarnated myself as a Taru. I said I'm doing an absolute
clean start. New server, so I can't get any of the same help I had before, new character,
new everything, so I reincarnated myself as a little Taru Taru, so I plan on being a blue mage,
but the problem is that everybody's going to be a blue mage when that thing rolls out.
I remember Lil' Kim.
Lil' Kim was my mule on my old server, and she was a Tarou as well, so...
I'll tell you the name of my new character off-air, but I will say I play on the Seraph server now,
so I'm watching you guys, Seraph server. I'll talk smack about you on the show if you wrong me.
I'll tell you my character name off-air, because it's really cool, so... I just don't want to get...
You actually reminded me that I did forget to say that I'm on a free server for Ragnarok.
What ever happened with, like, the legality of that? Isn't that kind of a gray area?
I don't think Gravity cares anymore.
Really?
As long as they're making money, huh?
The server that I'm playing on is super dedicated.
I mean, it's like, it's so much better than playing on, like, IRO.
I've never had any problem.
It's been really great.
As far as the rest of my gaming week, I also was playing quite a bit of Xbox Live Arcade.
I checked out Jewel Quest.
I actually bought Jewel Quest because I, you know, I knew it was kind of like Bejeweled and I like Bejeweled.
so I bought it. My problem with Jewel Quest is that it's
too much like Bejeweled, like I didn't... I don't know, for some reason I just...
you know, it's so easy to spend like five bucks on those crap little games
sometimes
and, you know, I bought it and then I realized this really is just the same
damn thing as Bejeweled, but I'll tell you this,
I don't think Jewel Quest is put together as nicely as they put together
Bejeweled on Xbox Live.
Have you played either one or both? No. Bejeweled is really polished
and looks really nice and uses the high def. Jewel Quest seems to have
frame rate issues.
The achievement points are certainly easier but honestly I'm not really
considering that in my review of the game.
I put the game side by side. I definitely prefer Bejeweled. I think it's got
some more modes. I think it's just more polished looking when you consider that
they're essentially the same game.
I mean not really. Jewel Quest is about not how many
three in a row you connect but where you get them on the board and it kind of
influences your strategy a little bit but really
they play very similarly. I do recommend Bejeweled over Jewel Quest.
even if the achievement points are harder, it's a game with better music,
better graphics, and I think I like the presentation a little more
in Bejeweled.
And when the game themselves are very similar, it's all about the presentation.
I want Tetris. I don't know if that would happen, because Nintendo owns
rights to Tetris in America. They have Tetris Grandmaster that came out for the
Japanese launch. It's a really extremely retarded game.
I think it would be better as an Xbox Live Arcade game. What does Nintendo own the rights to
when it comes to Tetris then, because remember when it got into Nintendo vs. Tengen Tetris?
Oh, but those were both on the NES, too, I guess.
Maybe that's what it has to do with.
I don't think they own the rights to Tetris, to be honest, because, I mean, we've seen
Tetris Worlds and stuff on the PlayStation.
Maybe they own the exclusive rights for their own systems or something, because you notice
all the Tetris games that come out on Nintendo systems are Nintendo games.
Like this new DS one that's coming out is a Nintendo game, the old Game Boy one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Somebody in the chat room knows, I don't know.
That's OrangeLoungeRadio.com, click on chat if you want to share some information with
us or of course you can always drop us an email as well, mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Let's get into some gaming news for tonight.
Let's start it off, I think a lot of us might have something to contribute here with the
PlayStation 3, obviously they had that huge press conference earlier this week.
Probably most of you guys on the internet have read it by now, but we have to talk about
it anyway.
Certainly we want to give our input.
Loki, start us off with a summary, what did we find out about after this conference this
While they announce a few things about both the PlayStation 3 and PSP, let's start off
with the PlayStation 3.
Of course, it's going to be launched in November.
I think that was only news to Sony because everyone else figured that it was going to
be November.
Well, it's nice to hear them actually confirm it because I think most of us were thinking
it was going to be 2007 at this point.
Well, I'm not confirming it and saying that they're actually going to make it in November
because I mean, after all, Microsoft did say they were going to ship three million units
by the three month mark, and that never happened.
I credit Sony with a little bit more brains than Microsoft.
Well, we'll see.
I don't know about that.
You know what's interesting is that I was reading a separate article this week that
talked about the launch of the Sega Saturn, and when they launched that, it was like a
surprise announcement at E3, it was one of those things that was like, we're not telling
you to wait until November, it's on shelves today.
And I think that's kind of cool, but at the same time, it also kind of killed the system
because with the surprise announcement, there wasn't enough time for all the developers
to get the games out, so, I mean, it's kind of a double-edged sword there.
What killed the system, what killed the Saturn was Sega's whole marketing ploy.
The Saturn did very well in Japan, and it had much better games that we never saw, that
never saw the light of day in the US.
True.
And it was very import-friendly.
True.
True.
So that's what killed the Saturn.
Anyway, sorry, this isn't about Sega.
It's about Sony.
Anyway, moving on.
It's going to be released somewhere in the first 10-11 days of November.
So the early part of November there.
And it's going to be including a 60 gigabyte hard drive pre-installed with Linux.
So ha!
They beat the...
I think that's kind of funny is that they've kind of just given in to the fact that somebody's
going to install Linux on this anyway, so here you go.
And it's going to be us.
Anyways, so I thought that was funny.
They're going to have, what was it, of course Blu-Ray is going to be the standard for all
the games on the system, not going to see any DVD games for it, which I thought was
kind of interesting.
Because they don't want them pirated.
Yes, at minimum it will be no less than 50,000 yen, or $425 US.
Do you believe the $900 price point people are saying?
That's full of crap.
It has to be full of crap, and I'm sorry to you guys in chat room that are yelling the
$900 thing right now, but, honestly, come on, Sony's gotta know better than that, they
know that will be suicide.
You have to understand this, it might be $900 if you bought the system for what it's actually
worth, but you know everyone sells systems at a loss, so Sony's gonna have to be prepared
to take a hell of a loss on these, it's gonna be interesting.
Gotta lose money to make money.
Yeah, I mean, the whole thing was with the Blu-ray drive and that's what half the cost
Oh well, it's going to be fully backwards compatible with all PlayStation and PlayStation
2 titles.
Bravo, smart move.
And they're going to basically upscale all of them like the 360 does with the games.
That was one of the most exciting announcements to me, honestly.
Also they're going to be digitally distributing PlayStation 1 and PlayStation 2 games to the
console.
I don't want to say I told you so, but I could swear we had a discussion just a couple weeks
to go about digital distribution and how it was kind of where the industry was moving
and hello, here we go, here's the proof.
Exactly.
And the final PS3 development kits are being sent to developers in June, so that should
be interesting.
Some of the other things I heard about, they're going to have of course the PlayStation Hub
service which is going to be for both the PlayStation Portable and the PS3 as well as
What's kind of neat about that is it will be free to play multiplayer games, but there's
going to be additional content on there that will cost money and they'll have subscription
services for that type of stuff.
The servers will not be a central server like Microsoft, they will be separate, each run
by different companies.
But you'll have this central hub that you'll be able to tie into, kind of like Xbox Live.
So it's both like it is now and both like, you know, kind of how Microsoft does their
servers.
Huh.
That's interesting.
Which is different, I guess.
Comments from chat room real fast, OrangeOrangeReady.com, click on chat.
Spirit Snare says, I think they're probably aiming for $550-ish.
$550 is a little more reasonable.
Honestly, if I were to make a prediction, I would say to compete with Microsoft, they
got to do one of two things.
They really have to release this system for $399, just like the Xbox.
It's not going to be less than $400.
Yeah, but they're flat out saying it's not going to be less than $400, so I'm thinking
that they're going to have to release, I think the price point will be $499 is my guess,
and of course I don't know shit, but $499 is my guess, but they're really going to emphasize
Blu-ray, this will play movies in high-death, and they're going to say you need this, and
they're going to really emphasize those things that that system can do that Xbox 360 doesn't
do.
What they need to do.
And I think you're going to see them throw in a bonus movie, like a free, like you remember
when PSP came out they gave Spider-Man 2 free. I bet you anything there's going to be a tie-in
where the first few Playstation Soul will come with a free Blu-ray movie. Whatever Sony's
big summer picture is will be the tie-in movie.
What they need to do is they need to have the system, they need to emphasize the fact
that you don't have to go out and buy all these additional peripherals and crap that
you have to do with the 360. Oh, I got a system! Oh, wait, now I got controllers. Oh, each
one of those are $40 each. Oh, I have to buy the right cables for my TV. By the way, those
are also $40 each. Now, oh, I didn't get a remote with mine. Oh, guess what, that's
$40 also. Yeah, it all adds up, you know, in the end. And by the way, those controllers,
how much does it cost Microsoft to make them? Oh yeah, it was like $10 or something.
Interesting way to look at it.
So, they're making their money back in peripherals. That's where all the money is.
Wait, isn't Spider-Man 3 this summer?
No, Spider-Man 3 is next summer.
Oh, okay.
Do you think we've just made a good point to give Advent Children as the free movie?
But would they be able to do that when it's really Square's movie?
I mean that's certainly a lot of fanboys would love to see that. Square's in Sony's bed.
I guess that's true. You never know. I'll be hot.
That would be. Anyways, certainly make it more attractive.
Now, the other things of course they were talking about was the PSP
and some of the stuff that's not much of a surprise. We knew that there was going
to be an iToy peripheral coming, a webcam type thing.
That's going to be coming I believe it was September was the
announced date for that and then of course GPS is coming on later in the
year probably in the third or fourth quarter.
Then of course with the iToy type of
peripheral on there they're going to be adding video phone support
in the fall. One of the other things that was kind of interesting
they did announce that there was going to be a core pack that's going to be a
reduced price
PSP. Basically, you're just getting the bare bones stuff, you're not getting a case, no
headphones, which, to be honest, the case and headphones kind of sucked anyways, so
save 50 bucks. And they're going to be releasing a ceramic white PSP core pack as well, which
is going to be pretty cool. I think that's Japan only for the white one. What is interesting
though is they're going to be offering an official PlayStation 1 emulator for the PSP.
And you'll be able to digitally download these straight off the internet to your PSP.
And I think this is where the 4GB NAND Flash PSP comes into play, where you'll be storing
these on your memory stick.
And I don't understand how these aren't going to be pirated from memory sticks, but I don't
know.
They're going to find a way I'm sure.
And of course, with the next update, the web browser will get Flash 6.0 support, so it
will be able to view most web pages.
We'll have to put some on our PSP site.
True, true, and also they're going to be able to record streaming audio.
Well that's cool.
You know what's interesting about the PSP to me is that they're really trying to think
of things that the DS hasn't done yet, like to really sell the system more as not a game
system but as a personal entertainment system, let's put it that way.
Like with the whole itoy support, being able to do the short videos and these exchanges
over the internet and stuff with the old games, I think they're really trying to think of
the things, and the web support too, like things that the DS really hasn't done yet,
Of course, most of the DS's innovations have been about the games itself, which, don't
get me wrong, have been great, but I think PSP, you really see it trying to solidify
itself as the more entertainment system as opposed to the game system.
Well, what's interesting with the GPS thing is it is going to be available.
One of the first games it's going to use is a new Hot Shots game coming out, which I thought
was interesting.
But apparently there's current games in the library right now that support it, but just,
you know, it hasn't been unlocked yet or whatever.
Uh, gs191 has a good comment in chatroom. Oh great, fucking Flash ads on my PSP.
Hey, I'm gonna tell you this much though. What I've been waiting for is Flash for the
website because
you can do a live 365 player in Flash and that's good.
Because you can listen to our show on the go.
That would be good.
What ever happened to the days when video game systems played video games?
Well, the PSP does play games, and they've certainly got a lot of good games coming out
this first quarter of this year, but I don't know, I think we're seeing this trend with
all the next-gen systems, that they don't want to be just the game system.
They want to be that centerpiece in your living room, and I think that's what we've heard
in a lot of press conferences, too.
They want to be the place where you can download movies, and look at Xbox 360, just released
this week on Xbox Live.
You can download a music video now for free.
So it's kind of like, you know, they're really, I don't think it's all necessarily about the
games anymore.
That is why I love my DS.
Why the only time, the only thing that PSP has ever been useful to me for is actually
just watching movies on the airplane, because I've watched Hellboy.
But Luminous is cool.
Luminous is good.
I haven't really played much else on the PSP that I really like other than that and Popolacross.
if I want if I wanna play a game I'm gonna play
a system dedicated to the game by a company dedicated to gameplay
I don't care what it looks like as long as it's fun
I you know it's sad
it's very it's sad. So you think people's focus aren't on the games themselves?
I remember the Odyssey 2. Right. That
crap came out when I was two years old. Right. I remember watching the little
blips on the screen and thinking that it was so much fun and just seeing the way that games
are going now you know the systems especially just sort of is heartbreaking you know it's
very sad very sad that people can't be satisfied with good gameplay we'll see we'll see all
right um moving on anything else you want to share on the sony there loki um i was just
trying to think some of the interesting thought our thoughts about it um they did mention
I think it was the PSP web camera, their itoy, I guess they're calling it.
It's gonna be, they're calling it like PSP 290 or something and I figured okay well firmware
2.9 then is gonna support this or something like that.
It was just kind of the, I guess their item code or whatever for it kind of tied in with
the firmware that will support it.
I think it's a good thing.
I'm glad to see some cool peripherals and stuff come out.
I was hoping that that web camera or iToy can be used as a digital camera.
I hope it's good enough for that.
I think it will.
The only thing I don't understand is how the fuck are you going to use it as an iToy?
Seriously, are you going to be flailing around?
It's not going to work like that.
I don't know. I think it's more like what you're saying there.
I think it's going to be more for chatting and for picture taking.
You know why why not for if the PSP is gonna be a little entertainment in a box
Why not be digital camera as well? You know people like digital cameras
People like cell phones that play music and have iTunes on
fucking dumbasses
Alright, let's go on to some other news this week
Let's get into some news about a very popular PlayStation game this one being on the ps2 right Loki Final Fantasy 12
12 god damn we've been waiting for that for a long time of course if you're in
Japan you're already playing it and it's awesome but if you're looking for it in
the u.s. you're gonna have to wait until Thanksgiving that's when it's coming
out I've heard and fattened fantastic reviews on this game of course we
mentioned for me to magazine last week but I'm very excited about 5-12 and
wish I wish it wouldn't take him some damn long to release it here I'm still
laughing about the potion commercial I haven't seen that yet I know somebody
posted I have a friend who lives in Japan right now who said I guess she
thinks it's tasty I'm looking forward to the game I love the battle system I know
a lot of people have acted really weird about it but being the addict I am with
Final Fantasy 11 I think it's a great combination of 11 and the old-school
Final Fantasies I'm looking forward to trying it out if it plays anything like
11 I'll guarantee I won't play it well it doesn't play like yeah thank God
Because you don't have to spend an hour looking for a party. You're it's already there. It's part of the story to be honest
No, I don't like the gameplay in 11, which is part of my
be honest, it reminds me of a cross between Final Fantasy like x2 or X and and
10
Final Fantasy X and x2 and
I
Just like doing that
In parasite Eve, I mean parasite Eve
it reminds me of the battle system where they did that where you've got this sphere
where you can attack. Basically it's just you can run around and do shit
but it's still like kind of an active time battle system.
Yeah, kinda. Alright so we'll be looking forward to
Final Fantasy XII coming out very soon. Now
the Nintendo Revolution has some rumors going around about it this week and the
rumor is that it's coming out in June.
Let's see, it was being told to Business Week.
The quote was, there are rumors that the revolution could be released as early as
June.
If that happens and Nintendo sells around 1 million units,
Sony could have a harder time catching up. And
that quote comes from Akitaro Ito from Japan's game tracking service
Media Create. Now of course when you look at the reality of it, the chance of
the console actually coming out in June
probably not going to happen and the reason why is because the development
hardware is not out there right now so if that's not out
it's gonna be very hard for the games to be out by June so probably
November is more realistic time frame and Nintendo's also been kinda quoted
recently saying Thanksgiving week of 2006 so
I don't think there really is gonna be any June surprise in store so
nothing like that whole
Sega thing we were talking about earlier where they surprise us at E3. Not likely
sorry to say. Moving on, something that works for Nintendo, Miyamoto
yes Miyamoto reacted to the PlayStation 3 announcement
this week. Not too surprising the way he reacted is basically
you know kind of put a quote out there that's saying you know
people are kinda getting tired of the same old video games nowadays
and what these you know like Microsoft and Sony are doing for video games as
far as they're improving the graphics but they're not really changing the
gameplay any
and so he's not too worried just because they've never really seen the other
companies as competition because they're kind of in their own boat basically is
being innovative
whereas you know these guys are just pushing graphics and stuff
you're not really pushing better gameplay
well I'm not surprised to hear that coming from Miyamoto not at all
it's just you know I I have to agree
I mean games aren't really that much better
they look at what Jamie was saying it looks prettier but they're not different I mean
look at like in a personal stance just looking at like sales like a
of different games out there. When I'm selling to customers and stuff, you know, it's like
everything. Oh yeah, this is like Grand Theft Auto. Yeah, this is like Grand Theft Auto.
This is like Grand Theft Auto. Oh yeah, this is Grand Theft Auto. It's just everything
is very similar to one another and they're all copying off each other and there's not
really anything innovative. And those games that are innovative do stand out, like Shadow
Colossus, Katamari Damacy, and stuff like that.
I have to ask Jamie having said that a little bit ago about the you know it's
sad that the systems are kind of leaning towards being all one. Does this strike
you as Nintendo being committed to the games?
yeah I mean that's always what they've been about you know why why would they
ever change their stance for the sake of following with the the same cookie
cutter that everybody else is on. They have released some real odd things in the
like I think about the Game Boy printer
what the hell was that? That was funny. And the e-reader?
The e-reader was a good idea. Yeah but it just
good idea didn't really work out though I don't think. But you know what? At least they tried
and I would rather see them try and fail at it than
not see them try at all. They try to be innovative. They're not afraid to innovate. I mean look at the Virtual Boy
dumb idea but you know what? It's a step in the right direction. The great
mining machine.
Granted they should have probably not gone monochrome red and they probably
should have
made it less cumbersome, but you know, I think it's a good idea.
It did have the best commercials. The one thing, and some other stuff that they
mentioned too, they were saying
you know, that the games nowadays are starting to become
you know, just beefed up versions of existing games, and of course with that
the budgets are getting bigger, but you don't always need to have big budgets to
create
you know, successful games. And for example, look at Brain Training,
which is selling like crazy over there, and
I don't know. It probably didn't cost that much to make.
It's definitely not, you know, perfect example.
I just read an article for the Godfather game.
I just saw the same thing. I just saw this. Like not even an hour before the
show tonight. The Godfather game.
Eight hundred million dollars to produce this game
and they're gonna be trying to make this money back.
And to be honest, it's another fucking goddamn
Grand Theft Auto clone except oh now it has Marlon Brando in it
oh okay that doesn't make it any better well now to be fair that article is more
say they didn't spend a hundred ten million on the game they
the name yeah well not just that but the fact that they didn't release it at
Christmas time
cost them about 800 million to that but I'm sitting here going well it still
cost like multi-millions dollars make of course I'm not surprised you have a voice
acting that you're basically making a movie
on a console but I'm like yeah I totally see what you're saying there
usually these movie to games that they spend a lot of that money on are crap, I can't think
of a whole lot of good ones, I'm sure there's some, they're not coming to mind right now,
but you know, you take a game like Tetris, written out of some guy's basement, amazing.
Alright, so, moving on, I have another quick quote on Miyamoto, this is coming from an
on the Nintendo Europe website for those you guys that were saying that Twilight
Princess was being delayed because it was going to be compatible with
revolution in some way
guess what you were right you were right it didn't even Nintendo say earlier that
is not the reason why they delayed Twilight Princess
yeah and here's Miyamoto saying and one of the most important features is that
because revolution can run GameCube software when you play Twilight Princess
on revolution you can take advantage of the revolution controller which makes
Nintendo our liar of the week
congratulations Nintendo you are liars
of the week good job now you're going to
help that's right you know where liars
go third place baby third place no just
kidding I i'd like to see a little love
for Nintendo and it's just land huh
they go to Disneyland
all right dark soccer you've been doing
some reading this week right cuz yes I
can read reading books is good once in a
while I'm actually reading about two
novels right now, but I've also been getting magazines.
That's right.
And what have you read in a magazine recently?
Actually, there's a magazine called Script Magazine, which unfortunately, in my rush
to leave the house today, I did not bring with me.
However, I've read this in-depth, written sort of screenplay style, where it's basically
just sort of a day in the life of the production process for Silent Hill, you know, talking
with the producer in France going over some of the lame ideas he started to bring up like
well, no, we want to protect the integrity of the franchise and it's a really neat article.
So I take it no dog ending.
That would be hilarious.
I think after the credits, oh my God, like you stay after the credits and then there's
a dog ending.
That'd be great.
Or UFO.
I hope they did that for the fans.
I'll be so happy.
They were fully bringing up how awesome it was to work with Kiryamoga, that was pretty
cool.
But it's a very good article, in fact, I'll tell you what, as soon as I can find the power
supply for my scanner, I'll make it available for our listeners, but I would suggest going
out and buying the magazine.
Yes, because, you know, illegal reproductions are wrong, kids.
I can transcribe it.
There you go.
Alright, um, very interesting, is that Script Magazine?
Script Magazine, the I is in parenthesis.
Now you're probably not going to be able to walk into a grocery store and find that.
Actually, you can walk into Barnes and Noble, Borders.
Comprehensive Magazine Store. I was at Borders when I saw it. Actually, Tower would be
very likely to carry it since they carry all sorts of
interesting... I don't think they have that everywhere.
Probably Barnes and Noble and Borders and that stuff they do, though.
And if all else fails, a lot of book sites will sell magazines online, Amazon
does I think. Or since it's a movie magazine they might have it in some like
movies. It's a magazine for script writers is what it is. That's cool. Alrighty, let's move on let's go to
another story. Loki, regarding the PlayStation 3, there was some now there
was some back and forth this week right after the conference people were saying
oh that hard drives not gonna really come with a system or that's gonna make
it make it the $900 system. Loki tell us once and for all what's the deal with a
hard drive. It is standard. I mean, it's... of course you're gonna... you need the hard
drive to play the games. They've come out and said that it's not gonna be like the Xbox
360 where, okay, if you don't have a hard drive, memory card, that'll just be fine.
No, you need the hard drive to play the games. So, of course, it's gonna be standard with
the system and it was confirmed by Yahoo Games and, wow, Yahoo Games is actually legitimate.
That's surprising. I think that's a bigger shocker than the knock on them.
Yahoo featured our podcast once. Don't hurt our relations there.
Oh, I'm sorry.
In that case, Yahoo's so smart.
Alright, speaking of hard drives, you may remember last week
I called a certain gaming company a bunch of
bastards for this news article. I do want to say one thing real quick.
I think it's a great idea that they are including the hard drive, because now developers can
develop with the hard drive in mind, unlike the 360.
And speaking of the 360, I kind of called Microsoft a bunch of bastards this last week
over this news article, and it turned out to be false.
The 100 gigabyte hard drive rumor that was going around a couple weeks ago, or actually
last week, starting from the Best Buy employee or something, they actually got word officially
from Microsoft, from the global marketing team, saying, we haven't announced any additional
hard drives for the Xbox 360 beyond the 20GB version available today.
So I'd like to offer an apology to Microsoft for calling you guys bastards.
And Halo Rocks, please forgive me.
They're still bastards.
But not for that.
For other things.
Many, many other things.
We can find a reason why all these gaming companies are bastards, though, this way.
Nintendo lied, you know, forget it.
Nintendo lied to us.
I feel steep in my soul.
Well, you know, Chat Room's saying that we're being too hard on Nintendo, because maybe
that wasn't...
Where did that come from?
Nintendo Maniac 64, of course, defending Nintendo, saying, that doesn't mean that's why it was
delayed.
I mean, that Zelda thing isn't necessarily the only reason why it was delayed, but come
on.
incentive right I think I think back to the Zelda games that were on Game Boy
Color and the Game Boy Advance why didn't they come out to the end of Game
Boy Color for that exact same reason to transition people on to Game Boy Advance
with one of their biggest franchises I'm not surprised at all I have a question
for Nintendo why didn't they give us this to tell of you the best version of
Zelda ever all right moving on oh this is this is horrible is that what what's
today March March 19th is today's date and we're already having to dispel April
Fool's jokes I hate April Fool's I hate it so much it's horrible but of course
you know we might have to do something of our own we'll see or we would never
do that to you guys but we wouldn't the bad thing is is that all these magazines
put their April issues out in mid-march so now there's all these lies coming to
to you from these gaming magazines saying,
oh, it's an April Fool's joke.
God, that sucks, we're on the second.
We were broadcasting on the second.
If only one more day we could have fun at that show.
No, we'll see.
It's like, today we're doing it without a script, woo-hoo!
All right, so now we would like to tell you
about some of the real lies being spread this week
by gaming magazines under the guise of April Fool's jokes.
Loki, what's the first one?
The first one is, I'm not necessarily gonna call this
an April Fool's joke because I'm not really
certain if it is. Basically it's some Duke Nukem Forever gameplay footage. It was featured
and leaked to the internet I guess. And it looks like an in development version of it.
I watched the actual video and it looked pretty convincing to me. I mean it looked like a
game in progress. It had the Duke Nukem voice acting in it and it looked like it actually
could have been the game. I don't think it's, you know, it might be a mod or something but
I don't think it's a real game, but still not real, but Duke Nukem still probably coming out later. All right
Dark Sakura, what's another big lie under the guise of April Fools?
Halo 3
Well, no, we're getting we're gonna get a Halo 3
I mean that's inevitable, but there was a rumor that Halo 3 was being called forerunner and it's actually just a April Fools joke
There was a post on the Xbox forums with someone calling himself DM duo Maxwell
anyone who watches Gundam Wing know who that was who said he transcribed an
article about the game from an upcoming issue of Game Informer magazine which is
Game Stops big magazine basically said that the game was gonna have huge
persistent worlds built around a modified Halo 2 engine that was gonna
feature Master Chief and would have a co-op mode for up to four players but
But according to Bungie, it's a big pile of poo, to quote, he said, we can't smack him
for an April Fool's gag, not like we never did any.
Well, and I've got another, so that was lie number two.
Here's another lie, and funny enough, this one involves Halo as well, and it's the April
issue of Electronic Gaming Monthly.
They are running a lie right now that says, Halo Combat Evolved will appear on the Xbox
live marketplace but not actually gonna happen here at least there's at least
they're saying here that this is not likely to happen it's probably their
April Fool's joke but you logically think whom could Microsoft eventually
jump on this bandwagon because you know you got Sony is saying they're gonna do
the same thing with the PlayStation games maybe this isn't such an
unrealistic I think you're gonna need a bigger hard drive that's the case hmm
interesting well we shall see alright so moving on
let's go let's go from lies to apologies this has been this has been a show full
of apologies and lies
low-key who's who's saying sorry now Star Force and I wouldn't really say
that this is
I I don't know there's sort of an apology here Star Force if you guys
remember back last week they're the ones that reporting
they're the company that's you know does security
you know, copy protection software and this, you know, basically they were leaking a torrent
of Galactic Civilization 2 on their website just because, you know, Stardock didn't want
to use Star Force's copy protection schemes.
So they said, yeah, we're sorry, but it's just like, you know, basically, this is, I
I was listening to some other podcasts this week that were talking about this company.
They're really evil.
I mean, I never really, because I don't play a lot of PC games, I mean, granted, between
Final Fantasy XI and World of Warcraft, that's enough PC games for me, because that's most
of my PC game time, but I never really realized, like, they practically install spyware on
your computer, it sounds like.
It's kind of fascinating.
I'm surprised they get away with it.
So basically they apologized for the incident and said they took down the link, but it's
just like...
Yeah, I know.
Too little too late.
It's still pretty rotten to be doing that.
Too little too late.
You know, here's the thing guys, if you don't, and I see a lot of people in our chat room
right now are going, yeah, F them, they suck, duh duh duh.
Here it is guys, vote with your dollars.
If you don't like this company, don't buy anything that their product is involved with.
End of story.
And then soon you will no longer see them because they'll go out of business because
nobody's buying their stuff
vote with your dollars you don't like it
or let the publishers that are using this kind of cop protection scheme know
that you're not gonna buy their game because of this
uh... moving on
dark sakura
we talked about sega earlier
yes cuz i love sega
well here's something that's kinda might be
sad with sega but it's a rumor right?
well yeah there's been indicators that Yuji Naka is quitting sega
he's basically the head of a sonic team
Wow. I love Sonic Team!
My god, do we know anything about why he's doing this or anything?
There's a speculation that he's going to be creating his own
company that may be aligned with Sega but that's
again speculation. This is the man that brought us Sonic the Hedgehog
and Phantasy Star Online, Knights.
So pretty much like all the great Sega games you start to think about, this guy
made them. Yuji Naka is the man. That would be like Miyamoto
leaving Nintendo, in a way. Me and Meadow left Nintendo and Nintendo would crumble.
But Sega's already, I'm sorry, Sammy Sega. I have to say Sammy Sega. Then again Sammy
did bring us Guilty Gear, so. But you know, still, Sega, having something like this even
be rumored just sort of makes me think how the mighty have fallen. I know, I'll be...
They're not going to have a Sega in 20 years if they keep this up.
You know what's interesting though, because we have so many stories tonight about companies
buying each other out, and I think they're not coming up until part B, but we have so
many stories about companies buying each other, it's kind of interesting to hear that one
might be, because essentially you take some of the biggest brains at Sega and split it
off, that's almost like now a company's split, so that's kind of, you know, a little interesting
to me.
I guess it's just business, just another day in the gaming business, boys and girls.
I'll have to go home and hook up the Saturn in the morning.
Well, we'll see.
It hasn't happened yet.
It hasn't happened yet, but we'll see.
I just mean for the greatness that Sega was.
Alright.
Um, Loki, here's something else to mourn about.
Dark Sakura, put this on your list of things to talk about when you're mourning.
What do we have to mourn over as well?
Well, you know, it was a good run or a roll, I should say.
The Katamari team has broken up, and so we're not going to be seeing any more Katamari games.
How do you know this?
Because the website says so, katamaridomasi.jp.
There was a three-day countdown, and people were anticipating, oh hey, there was a countdown
last time it was the announcement of me and my Katamari.
Now it's...
No.
We're done.
Maybe it's a really bad April Fool's joke?
Well, the creator of Katamari Damacy himself has said he doesn't like video games.
Wasn't he going to go make a kid's playground or something?
Playground equipment, yep.
That's weird.
But where there's money to be made and Katamari is still a successful franchise, don't you
think Namco might try and say, oh well, if they all left, we'll do something ourselves?
Is that possible?
Or do you think they'll respect the wishes to not continue that franchise?
I think the problem with that being is that even if they decide to try to keep going with
it, it's not going to have the same feeling that the games now do.
When you, it's sort of like, when you have a recipe and you have it at the same restaurant
and then another restaurant tries to copy it, it just doesn't taste the same way.
It's the same thing.
Interesting.
You know and at the same time you can kind of maybe respect this decision honestly because
part of the problem with games today as it is that Katamari Damacy kind of really went
against the grain with this when it first came out is that too damn many sequels, too
many copies of other games, too many of the same thing and Katamari Damacy was well respected
for breaking that mold so I think maybe this is why they've decided to quit now before
they become the thing that they were representative against.
So at that time, you kind of have to respect them.
I just hope that at least these guys will put out more games of some type, and even
if it's not another Katamari Damacy game, you've got to admit that sense of humor that's
in Katamari Damacy, that level that the music is at and all that stuff, that could lend
itself great to another very original concept.
So I hope we see many of the brains behind Team Katamari, even if they broke up, many
of the same big minds behind it create something new that can be the Katamari Damacy of next
year.
So we'll see.
Or just, I don't know, just get part of the development team and start a new team.
It doesn't take the same minds to create the game, they didn't really change much from
both games anyways, I mean, I don't know.
comments from our chat room, Arsef says, yeah, too many sequels would defeat the inventiveness
of the series.
Xander C says, I hope he makes more games, but hopefully it will be original stuff.
No more Katamari, please.
So there you have it.
So maybe fans are just kind of accepting this, that yep, you know what, this is what you
got to do to stay original.
All right, well, you know, at the same time we can be original, we can also celebrate
the classics.
Now you guys know the walk of game down at the Metreon in San Francisco, and of course
Of course now, the metronome was just sold recently.
We don't know how this is going to affect the walk of game, but they just recently had
their 2006 ceremony where they inducted John Carmack, who was the technical director at
ID Software, Doomquake, Sid Meier, Civilization among many other things.
That guy is honestly a god to me.
Sid Meier has made some of the greatest PC games of all time.
They were lifetime achievement guys.
Also some games that were celebrated for their characters as well as being a game, EverQuest,
Final Fantasy, Lara Croft, and Starcraft all being inducted into the Walk of Game, which
I have yet to really see, so I might have to take a trip to the Metreon before it gets,
you know, turned into the Mega Mall that Westfield might turn it into.
I kind of am hoping that maybe Westfield won't screw it up and they'll try to still keep
it like a gaming center, like make it appeal to gamers, that would make me a happy, happy
kid.
They'll put an EB in there as well, or GameStop.
But they have the official Sony store, so that would be kind of competing, so I don't
know if they could do that.
But I'd like to see them try, you know, maybe like a, because they have, what do they have
in there?
They have the comic store and they have that in there, so maybe like a gaming store for
like gaming culture where they sell like the magazines and, you know, shirts and stuff.
And since this won't be Sony specific, why not lure Nintendo and Microsoft to try and
do some stores in here as well, you know?
Still need the Sega Land theme park.
Why not Sega come open a store?
Some of the third-party developers kind of sell off some of their big things.
Gamco could have a store, you know, all this, a Konami store, would be kind of cool.
I bet in five years it's going to turn into a Pokemon Center.
Why not open up a Pokemon Center in it somewhere, you know?
Because Pokemon Centers are evil!
But some, you know what, some people like it, so why not have it for them as well, you
know, something for everybody.
I think that would be cool to keep it like a gaming themed place.
Some people worship the devil too, but that doesn't make it right.
Oh snap.
People are entitled to their own religion.
Speaking of people worshipping the devil, a certain game franchise has turned 25 this
week and we're not sure how this franchise keeps going.
So maybe it is Divine Darkness Intervention or something.
Frogger has turned 25.
Don't get me wrong, Frogger is a wonderful game 25 years ago, but these recent releases...
Wait this way.
Not so great.
The original Frogger was a really good game.
Every other Frogger game or game that has Frogger in the title...
Wait, wait, wait, actually I had a game on Commodore 64 called Frogger 2
3 Deep that was kind of neat and that's it.
Then after that I'll back up what you're saying.
Frogger, um, yeah pretty much Frogger nowadays
is just, you see Frogger on a game or Frogger like helmet chaos
you're like, wow, crap. That's what that is, it's crap.
Nope. I mean, not much you can really do with Frogger. It's such a simple game.
Well, they still have another game coming out. Well, now it's more...
I played the Frogger that they came out with on PlayStation. I think that was
about the last time I played a Frogger game because
I just wasn't into it. It wasn't that great, you know?
Yeah, now they're trying to get like a storyline. No.
No, no, no. It's just a goddamn game.
I think Frogger, like, would be a good game on Xbox Live
arcade but do it like super ultra realistic like have it look like a real
frog
have the traffic look real that would be cool
multiplayer might be kinda fun like a race to the end I want to be the driver
you should be able to push there you go think about the innovation there with
Pac-Man and like you know on that Pac-Man vs. some people could be the
ghosts
why not have some people be the drivers on Frogger
or have your frog with the ability to push other frogs in front of the car
That would be excellent.
Someone needs to play the crocodile.
You know what? Konami, you guys need to hire us to develop, to breathe some new life into your Frogger franchise.
Seriously?
Well, you know what? Maybe there's another way to breathe life into the Frogger franchise and some people are trying to imitate this in real life. What's this about?
What do you get when you combine lots of alcohol, a Roomba, and something that looks like a frog?
Well, you get real life Frogger. Basically, they have taken this Bluetooth-enabled Roomba,
a green t-shirt, and lots of alcohol, and they made it cross traffic. They made it cross
a four-lane highway about ten times before it got run over by a Toyota 4Runner. And to
be honest, this is way more entertaining than any of those Frogger games that have come
out recently. I would do this. This would be something I would totally do. And this
is excellent. There was actually something sort of similar
that they did in New York City where they did, using a GPS satellite, did Pac-Man.
Had a person dressed up with a big Pac-Man outfit and people dressed up as ghosts.
You know in a future episode we need to do another list list and games I would like to
see imitated in real life. We need to think about that one. Maybe next week if we have
time. We'll see.
We'll have to.
That's a brilliant idea. My hat's off to those kids who put that together.
We're ready for booze.
I guess. Yeah, wow. All right. Moving on to another story, we're going to go over to Dark
Sakura, who's got some news from the UK. What's going on with our buddies overseas this week?
Dark Sakura?
Well, it's from all over, but mostly UK stuff.
Okay.
Tecmo has a new automatic update for the Xbox 360 for Dead or Alive 4.
It's meant to adjust some of the interface and balance the characters, tweaking the launcher
moves, stun moves, sweeps, a few of the character speeds are changed, some sped up, some slowed
down.
Some of the power moves do less damage, encouraging players to be more skillful.
When you download the update, you will also have the option to reset your battle tactics,
but your zac money, avatars, all that will still be the same.
The DOA4 update is available on Xbox Live.
I wonder if it will make the last boss less of a cheap bitch.
Cause she is!
I know.
I honestly haven't really super duper played a whole lot of Dead or Alive 4, and I've been
too afraid to play online cause I'll sit and watch some of those battles and I'll go like,
you know, I'm gonna get my ass kicked.
I need to play with people on my own level.
Where are the, like,
handicap players on Xbox Live? Why aren't you ever on? Those people who,
you know, who need a handicap on their game because they're not very good.
That's what I need. I can admit it. I'm not great at every game.
I was talking to somebody recently online who assumed that, you know, because
I did this show every week, that I'm good at every video game. That's so not the case.
There's some games I'm good at,
I'll admit. You know, I'm pretty good at a lot of puzzle games.
but you know not every game please no I mean if you
if you're gonna add me to Xbox Live if you dig through the Orange Lingerie forums
and decide to add me to Xbox Live
be prepared that I'm not gonna be much of a challenge in some of the games
in other games it's on I will kick your butt on some of those arcade games
we'll see
Rob needs food badly
not Gauntlet, Gauntlet was more fun for me when I was a kid
I find it to be too repetitive now
but I think I think our webmaster VX JasonXV
I think he challenged me to Root Beer Tapper when that one comes out on live.
So you're on, bitch! You're on!
You have to let us know how that one goes.
We'll see.
2K Games has announced that Civ City Rome,
it's a building strategy based on civilization,
is currently in development for PC.
It's being produced by Firefly Studios. They brought a Stronghold
and with Firaxis Games.
and according to two k games it's going to have uh...
the most detailed look at roman life ever depicted on a computer screen
that's a quote
that is
until the sieves come out and then you know then you'll have your nice roman
family that you've got a you know
yeah i got no visit to the
you know annual orgy and
we don't greek or roman here i don't know that roman i know i know
but it was also Greek.
Anyway, moving on from orgies,
you'll start off with a small settlement built until you have an imperial city,
you can have amphitheaters, legionnaire forts, weapon
workshops, circuses, gladiator school,
a whole bunch of stuff, and then you can set it on fire.
Really, you get to burn your city in a day?
You could. Cool. So this is like most civilization games, you know,
Start small, get big, take over world, repeat.
There are screenshots available, which I will be posting in our chat room, but these can
be seen from, if you go to Eurogamer.net, the links are there.
And actually, I've looked this through, it's very pretty, very, very pretty.
Lots of, you can have ports, one of those captures is of a port city.
You've got orchards.
You have a huge, massive city with a coliseum.
Oh, that does look pretty neat.
You know...
I'm going to link this in our chat.
Sometimes PC gaming doesn't necessarily get the respect it deserves, and I know there's
a lot of hardcore PC gamers out there, and I can understand why, because it's a certain
niche of games that really seem to do very well on the PC, but despite all these next-gen
consoles coming out, PC games really tend to stay on top of all that stuff.
Of course, when you consider that the next-gen consoles are just souped-up PCs and that you
usually have to upgrade your PCs to play the latest games, it all kind of makes sense.
It's still kind of neat, I guess.
Well, what my hope is for games like this is that we see an actual degree of historical
accuracy in it, you know, because I think that, okay, I'm sure that a lot of the people
People who know me off the show know I have a very big interest in anthropology and ancient
history.
I think something like this not only would be good for the whole strategy, building side
of things, but also a chance to offer a little bit of a history lesson.
Civilization was pretty good with that because the world leaders that you would come across
would be kind of like how they were at their time.
The folks that took over the world via war were very war-centric in the game, and the
people who were leaders in politics were very, you know, politics center. So, you know, they've
got a track record over there of being... you can learn at least a little something
from your games, and that's always good.
I think that they should be educational at the same time.
All right.
But, you know, though, on the same topic, there's Civ IV's getting an expansion.
Oh, very cool. You know, I still haven't played Civ IV. I feel really bad. It's just, you
know, it's one of those things where it's like, I just don't have the time to play everything
I want to play I really want to try this out sometime. Well, the expansion is called
civilization for warlords
With new units that are called warlords. Mm-hmm. It'll have some of the greatest
military leader leaders and new scenarios you can change history
You can take control of ancient Chinese Kingdom fight in the Peloponnesian Wars
You can join Alexander the Great
Become ruler of the Vikings pillage Europe. Hmm. That's kind of cool
You can you can be Genghis Khan
That's kind of cool. Yeah, you know and um
Honestly, maybe I should just wait until all the expansions for Civ 4 are out because then there'll be that gold box set because there's
Always a gold box set at the end of every civilizations lifespan. That's like 20 bucks that has everything in it
So maybe I'm okay waiting. We'll see
Alexander the Great in this game looks kind of
historically accurate.
Let's just leave it at that.
For those of us who have studied a little bit of history.
Alright, anything else?
Well, I'm also posting that clip in the chatroom.
Oh, by the way, our chatroom is at orangeloungeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat, of course, unless you're listening to this on the podcast
or via our allgames.com syndication.
But I do know that when this show is playing on allgames.com,
sometimes their chatroom is chatting about the show a little bit,
so check out their chatroom.
Of course, you know, you can always send us emails and it's always just incentive too
If you want to be a part of the live chat Sunday nights six o'clock pacific time orangelsready.com
We do this show live. Hang out with us. That's right
Oh the last thing that was our european release date. Awesome. Hooray
We have active war high treason for the pc out by atari final fight street wise
Yay, you know which i'm gonna have to get because I collect the final fight games
I actually found my copy of final fight guy the other day
Oh, that's cool. That was my favorite.
I know, I never had it. Oh, anyway, sorry. Okay, sorry.
Um, Ice Age 2, the Meltdown video game.
Uh, Key of Heaven, Law and Order criminal intent on PC.
Dun dun! Mega Man powered up.
Uh, the 50th anniversary Namco...
50th anniversary? Okay. Namco Museum.
We have Pac-Man World 3, Samurai Warriors State of War, SpongeBob SquarePants
the yellow avenger yay street racing syndicate elder scrolls for oblivion
the godfather worms open warfare
alright so that's what's on the UK's plate
and of course we'd like to take it back to the US with what's on the US's plate
Loki what are we getting this week
we're looking at elder scrolls for oblivion of course
finally coming out for the 360
that's this week? I completely forgot that was this week oh my gosh
Yes, me and my Katamari, of course, got like a, you know, that's going to be awesome.
Milgir Acid 2, really good.
What else was really good?
Tao's Curse of the Demon, remember that one from...
Yeah, I don't know, only if you're a hardcore role-playing game person, otherwise skippable.
The Godfather, it's really sweet.
Worms Open Warfare on NDS and PSP, which is going to be really sweet.
And then, of course, Blazing Angels on Xbox and Xbox 360, which is also really cool.
And Capcom Classics Collection remixed on the PSP, which includes Captain Commando and
Street Fighter and Strider.
Funny...
Strider!
Aren't Tetris DS and Metroid Prime Hunters this week too?
I was getting there.
Oh, sorry.
You had that finished look on your face.
No, no, no.
No.
Of course, Metroid Prime Hunters and Tetris DS played that this week.
And as I mentioned, I think I said The Godfather, of course.
There was a Tetris DS commercial on TV this week.
Some of the gaming sites picked it up, but I actually saw it for the first time, like,
I was watching some show and they aired it.
It's kind of funny.
How did I forget?
Karaoke Revolution Country is coming out this week.
Oh, hooray!
And of course next week, BeatMania.
You know what, this is a huge week for games.
It really is.
I mean, at least the kind of games that we play, it sounds like, you know, I'm like,
Oh my God, my wallet's gonna hurt this week.
I mean, right there, you name like four games
I wanna pick up.
Me and My Katamari, Tetris DS, Prime Hunters, and Oblivion.
I want all those games.
And honestly though, the price of the first three combined
will probably be the same as Oblivion,
so I'll probably just pick up the first three
and wait a little bit to hear the reviews
of Elder Scrolls a little more.
How about this?
How about you just see my copy of Oblivion
when I buy it this week?
Here we go, and then maybe you could borrow
my copy of Me and My Katamari or something,
which reminds me, I want that PSV back.
You will get your PSP back. I have a funny story about your adapter.
Oh? Well, I loaned a Guanagirl my camera
and I gave her your adapter with it. Because it looked like the one for my camera.
I'll get it back. Guanagirl, if you're listening,
I want that back. Or I'm sending out the hitman.
I got my camera back. I'm teasing, it's all good. That's cool. I just don't have your adapter.
Whatever. I also, real quick, since we were just on the UK news, we
We actually have one of our UK listeners tuned in tonight, Simmel.
Now that's hardcore, to be listening live when you're living in a different time zone,
because I know we've had in the past...
It's 3 a.m. there.
That's wow.
And we've had folks from Australia listen live too, and I know that's more like afternoon
time, but that's awesome that you guys are tuning in and listening live in those different
time zones.
Hooray for our fellow night owls.
That's awesome.
Man, I just wouldn't want to have to calculate the time zones, that's all.
Too much brain worky.
I moderate the UK site. I think our streaming site Live 365 will
auto-calculate on the scheduler. Like if you go to look at our scheduler of live programs
it will auto-calculate the times for you, I think.
So check that out on our station page. Okay. For UK, add five hours. For France,
add one or two more hours. Anyways, as I was going to mention, I was
going to mention real quickly next week, which is really cool, BeatMania, Kingdom Hearts
too.
Oh, God.
See, this end...
What is up with the end of...
Is the end of March usually this big of a gaming time?
I don't remember this last year.
It drops off next month, so let me put it that way.
And of course, more stuff for me.
Far Cry Instinct's Predator and Rumble Roses.
I think it's excellent that all this stuff is coming out right before my birthday.
Yeah, convenient for you.
Oh, yes.
Well, at least convenient for those of us that might have a hard time thinking of a
gift for you otherwise, though, is it, you know...
So the problem is, what if you end up with like, you know, 40 copies of Kingdom Hearts
2?
GameStop gift certificates, baby.
I'm going to buy you the Game Boy Advance version of Cats, which is coming out.
Yes, and I'm going to buy that SpongeBob SquarePants yellow adventure game for you, because you
should love that.
I could use it for Shermie's litter box, thank you.
Alright.
For those who don't know, Shermie is my cat.
That's right.
There we go.
Named after a video game character.
Which one?
I don't...
Shermie from King of Fighters!
Okay, quick story.
really play a lot of her name on the adoption paper with Sherman I said that
that sucks for a female cat so he called her Shermy with the video game tie-in
for she's the one who does the dancing moves on Kimurochi. I didn't play a lot of King of Fighters I played the
Final... Final... Fatal Fury! Why do I keep wanting to say Final? Final Fury! I have Fatal Fury 2 on EOGO. I remember Fatal Fury Special that was cool
cuz every special is hot return of duck King it's awesome art of fighting art of
fighting was pretty cool too that was the one that had like King in it and
stuff yeah with the zoom ins yeah no classic Street Fighter 2 rip off I show
down well because okay all right Ken and Ryu were ripped off for art of fighting
with Rio and Robert Robert and then I remember Capcom to make fun of them came
up with Dan Hibiki in Street Fighter who wears a gi like Rio and has Robert Garcia's hair.
I never made that connection.
It's awesome.
It's true.
See, I used to play as Rob in Art of Fighting because, you know, he's got a good name.
Yeah.
There you go.
All right, anyway, it is time to go ahead and break for this half of our show.
We will be back with a little more Orange Lounge Radio after the break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
