Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Wonky.
Tonight, March 5th, 2006, a unique look at Destination PlayStation.
Japan votes on its top 100 games of all time, and we give our opinion on the results.
Bobby Blackwolf from AllGames.com joins us to talk about what's new on their website this week.
it feels so good to be back you don't even know welcome back to orange lounge
radio episode number 175 for this March the 5th of 2006 our first show back
after a little bit of a vacation there dark soccer and I had plans that took us
out of town real life gets in the way of independent podcasting sometimes so we
took a little time off Loki lovely job filling in there in the past couple
weeks with little just just short shows just it's a little bit of crack just to
hold you over though so we appreciate that of course and just so you guys know
that wasn't the original plan the original plan is that dark Sakura myself
and Loki we're all gonna do one show but dark Sakura was having like mic issues
or something and I was broke and couldn't buy anyone cuz we're power
Cuz we don't get a paycheck. I made do with my headset mic on a pump. There you go. There you go, and I myself
Lots happened in the past two weeks a lot's happened for one Loki. I bought an iBook
Okay, I
Was just waiting for some witty retort. I bought an iBook and the plan was to do a podcast for my brand new iBook
I was gonna do that and that didn't work out too. Well, did it you know? No, no, it's not the iBooks fault
I love I love my iBook. I really do. I'm sorry Loki the whole Mac thing
I'm totally on Jamie's side now. I love the iBook. It's great. I mean, I'm when it comes to computers
I'm I still consider myself bi I I love PC and there's you know, some some sometimes you feel like a nut
Sometimes you don't okay. I some things I want a PC some days
I want a Mac, but I really have appreciated what both have to offer there. So
So I got an iBook and I wasn't able to do the podcasting on it and that was
mostly because you know you go out when you go travel for a long time you go out
with a certain plan and you don't always necessarily get everything done that you
originally intended to do like I just got too busy in other words I just got
too busy to take the time to set it all up. Didn't you try using like the mic that's
actually part of it? There's actually a mic that's built in but it wasn't it wasn't
good enough. Exactly. It sounded like I was talking out of a Dixie cup. I mean it would
work for skype or something but it would not work for trying to do a
professional sounding show as as we try to fake once in a while oh by the way
by the way hello you are listening to orange lounge radio I'm Rob Roberts also
known as sky or coughing host here who just had some water going down the wrong
pipe you know how that goes
joining me as always say hello to the lovely dark Sakura Jamie summers I am
caffeine free for the third day in the row
congratulations shoot me
speaking of getting off the crack or whatever that's
I'm freaking going through withdrawal like such a crack addict are you are you getting bad
headaches cuz when I did the caffeine thing and believe me I went back
um... I got really bad headaches okay thursday
my friend Julie
brought chocolate covered espresso beans to work in at eight fifteen
and then we went to do um... gaming that night
Tabletop gaming, you know where you roll dice and not you know, use your controller. Yeah
And nobody else showed up in a roll a d20. Hey, no, actually we used d6. Oh, sorry. No. No, we used e10s
It's Buffy. All right nerd
Anyway, I uh, I ate like 10 more
Okay, and I was bouncing yeah, I know caffeine thing going and so Friday I was like, you know what I'm no caffeine
I've been drinking kombucha tea sounds dirty it's it's made out of it's a
fermented tea made with mushrooms and sweet tea uh-huh and it tastes like
apple cider vinegar all right but it's been keeping me healthy and keeping the
withdrawal symptoms down and I've I've I had decaf coffee so for all those
people who have emailed concerned about your health these are the actions you're
taking to combat that I am so proud of myself I had a sinus infection last week
uh-huh and I did not okay shut up sorry I'm not laughing at you I'm just okay
I'm laughing for a rude reason but I mean it's just it's crazy I I did not go
to the doctor I did not let them put me on any drugs I drink hot tea all week
mm-hmm and as a result I am feeling fabulous tonight good because I am fully
from here on unless I break something not going to the doctor ever again for
an illness unless I have cancer or a brain tumor let's hope that doesn't
happen. Alright, we gotta keep it moving. We do have video games to talk about. In case
you haven't listened to Orange Lounge Radio before, we don't usually bitch so much about
our personal lives, but we've been gone for two weeks, so we have a lot to catch up on.
So we will get to games very shortly. Say hello, of course, to Loki. No Orange Lounge
will be complete without Loki. I do feel sick today. Do you? Well, here's the reason why
I feel sick. Basically, I went to the movies today and I saw Ultraviolet, but then I ate
a whole bag of popcorn. And then afterwards I went to Applebee's and I had fish and chips
with their honey pepper sauce. And then I was slamming down Pepsi's all day long and
playing Xbox Live. And to the point where I was playing Xbox Live and either with the
adrenaline of playing full auto and Pepsi's, you know, the caffeine, I was literally shaking
like I had the chills. And now my stomach feels like I'm, you know, I'm sick. But it's
probably just because of all that popcorn and I haven't eaten anything since lunch.
so uh...
but other than that i've been playing a lot of xbox live i swear to god sometimes
you and jamie are like yin and yang i mean she'll have this healthy story to
talk about in the mail
i went to applebee's and dined on chicken strips or whatever it was you had
it's just because i ate a bag of popcorn and and you know a bunch of
honey pepper sauce and that stuff
doesn't agree with my stuff
chakra chupacabra tea or whatever jamie has
chupacabra tea
whatever it is you have
loki has you know and of course my neck is all stiff and has been hurting for like two
days but other than that you know it's all good but lots of games and fun stuff and I
did podcasts earlier in the week and we restarted our grand theft auto stats so lots and lots
of fun stuff but yeah ultraviolet for those who are wondering if the movie's good or not
it's okay but it has really bad cg in it and halfway through the movie you're like what
the hell are they trying to do that's about it so yeah all right well we also
have a special guest tonight once in a while we like to invite other people in
the house we've been ignoring him for the past 10 minutes very sorry to spike
say hello to spike I don't mind being ignored but thank you for having me
tonight not a problem it's good to have you here don't be afraid to just put
that mic right there right next to your mouth because otherwise there's their
cheap mics their RadioShack mics they don't pick up otherwise so cheap is the
best. There you go. So how are you doing? Doing fantastic. I've been playing Trauma
Center all week. Really? And it's addicted me the way that I thought only
World of Warcraft could. And, well, usually that we kick off the show with
how is your gaming week, so Spike, since you're kicking us off, let's do it. Trauma
Center, is it really as hard as everybody says it is? I haven't really played it. I
have to be honest. I haven't really played it, but I've heard it's insanely hard. I tried
playing it on the subway and almost killed myself, but when I sat down to it,
it, sucked me in like a crazy, massively multiplayer online game. Very addictive, very innovative,
I certainly would like to see another version of it.
I just want to point out, for those asking in the chat room, this is not the same Spike
on DDR Freak, some folks are wondering, this is my buddy Spike, do you really have any
credentials to be on this program? I guess not, but that's okay, you're a gamer, that's
all you need, right Spike? He's laughing.
I hate you.
No, that's alright.
Everybody does.
Alright.
Well, no, we love having you here.
It's different, different Spike.
I know it's exciting news, actually, about Trauma Center.
That's one of the games that's being brought over to the revolution.
Confirmed.
How do you know this, Mr. Man?
Because there's a news story about it.
Oh, okay.
I'm assuming we'll get into that later.
Possibly.
Anything else besides Trauma Center in your week, Spike?
Not DDR Freak Spike, but R-Spike, O-L-R-Spike?
a lot of World of Warcraft, it's pretty pathetic
What kind of character are you in World of Warcraft?
What kind of character are you in World of Warcraft? I just started a Tauren War-
Hunter, and it's quite exciting because it's my first Horde character
and it's quite difficult compared to an Alliance character
You know what, I thought I would hate the Horde when I first started playing
Horde, but I actually kind of enjoy
Horde side, I think a little more than Alliance side. Alliance side is a little
I don't know. It's too much like every other MMO I've played in that sense.
I immediately made an undead. I made my elf, and then I made an undead.
Because I had to have the zombie thing going on.
Like Thriller?
No, no, no. Like Romero Zombie.
Anyway, thank you very much, Spike.
Feel free to give your input on anything throughout the show and all that fun stuff.
And if you have anything to plug, any upcoming projects, anything you're doing, just feel free. Get it out there.
I hear you're a very good DJ. You do DJ stuff, right?
Yes, I do.
Not like podcasting type of DJ stuff, but like spinning?
Like I go to clubs, you know. Right now, the iPod thing is a big deal, but I still say vinyl is the way to go.
There you go. You're just a purist. Nothing wrong with that.
Alright, let's go over to Dark Soccer. How was your gaming week?
Well, my series of gaming weeks, I did play a lot of Animal Crossing and some Popolo Cross.
um although I had to start over because I was on no I actually I didn't I was
going to start over on your PSP and then I realized that it was gonna be on your
memory card I'd too lazy to move it so I just watched tell boy and kill Bill on
the plane going to Alabama that's right somebody somebody borrowed my PSP while
I was gone but that's okay she had that's good I put it in a case and I
cleaned the screen cuz look let me put it this way the last time I played that
was when Luminous was still a new game okay let's just put it that way that PSP
oh no and I checked out OLR PSP on it that's it otherwise that PSP is not
really doing it for me sorry sorry PSP fans I'm just not feeling the love with
the offerings that are out yet but yet Power Stone is coming to the PS that is
true so awesome I love Power Stone there's a lot of sexy shit coming out for the
PSP so I'm glad Jamie cleaned it so that I'm ready it's ready to go for me when I
get it back and can play the you know I want to play that Mega Man stuff and the
um uh Katamari Damacy PSP it's gonna be a good year for PSP so PSP fans you can just stop writing
those angry emails right now it'll be fine I'll get along I'll rediscover my love for PSP just wait
well we've also Dan's been playing uh Phoenix right like all the damn time so I've gotten to
see like the fourth trial the whole thing because he kept making me watch it and it was pretty cool
but I sort of don't need to play now because I know how it goes between him
and Ross you know spoiling it for me I'm eventually gonna play it but you know I
sort of like I can just watch everybody else play it and I think Dan finally
beat Need for Speed underground so that was pretty cool and he's been just
watching a lot of Simpsons so we haven't had a lot of console stuff going on in
the house, although didn't you say you saw him with this astronomically high score for
Smash TV?
Yes, and I'm glad, if I can go ahead, I'll get into my gaming week.
I'm sure a lot of folks, when we last left the Orange Lounge Radio crew before the big
vacation, I had my Xbox 360 that went bad.
I had to send it in for a replacement and I've gotten emails asking, did you get the
replacement?
Yes, the replacement came about, not that long after I said, I think it took about two
business days and I had it back.
So it came back pretty quick, but of course I wasn't here to enjoy it, it's just Xtifer,
my roommate, told me it was here.
So when I got back from the trip, I played Xbox 360, that's a lot of what I've been doing
this weekend, and I saw your husband's high score on Smash TV, because that's one of the
games I checked out, Smash TV.
I've been playing hell a lot of the stuff on the Xbox Live Arcade, Crystal Quest, because
I remember that game on the Mac from years ago.
Pretty cool reinterpretation.
Somebody said on our forums that the achievement points were really easy in that game, and
I have to agree.
Really easy.
You want like 50 easy achievement points?
There you go.
I wasn't able to get good achievement points on that.
All you have to do, don't use the smart bomb and get all the way to level 30.
That's like 30 points right there for getting that far.
So there's that, and then what else did I play on there?
A little bit of Geometry Wars still, although I haven't gotten much better at that.
And I bought Full Auto, just because of all the good things I heard about it.
from critics, because a lot of critics have bashed it, but from word of mouth, a lot of
people have been saying good things about full auto. So I picked it up, I have to say
I'm enjoying it. I haven't gotten to play a whole lot, but I like it so far. It's racing
with guns, which is never a bad thing.
Wait until you get to the end of the game. Probably if you listened to last week's podcast,
you would have heard me yelling and screaming about the game and saying, God dammit, I fucking
hate this end part of the game. The rewind feature is awesome. I love that. Like, if
I screw up I can just rewind time it's awesome more games need to have Mario
Kart needs that especially online because I screw up too much when I play
online or when people disconnect I'll just rewind so that they didn't just
actually disconnect speaking of DS I also picked up this is a game I was so
looking forward to very excited about Super Princess Peach on the DS I don't
know I'm I don't know if I'm really thrilled with this game it just wasn't
what I expected and maybe that's my own damn fault I didn't really read up on
this game I just assumed oh it will be like Mario Brothers but it'll be
Princess Peach because I heard that like Nintendo is like trying to get back to
their roots especially with like the new Mario DS games coming out I assume that
Princess Peach would be like you know it would be like oh it's like Mario 2 but
on the DS and with Pete whoa was I wrong because this is good this is kind of
funny because the whole concept behind the game is that Princess Peach is
totally emotionally unstable like most women I know just just just kidding you
We need to be quiet, Mr. Ron.
I'm kidding, but seriously, the whole concept of the game is that Princess Peach is emotionally
unstable and you can set things on fire with her anger, you can make the grass grow with
her tears, you can make her life regenerate with her calmness or acid trip, I don't know
what mood that's supposed to be.
But it's very strange.
The power of Prozac.
The way this game controls is very strange.
So if you're thinking you're just getting Mario Bros. with Princess Peach, you're not.
You're not.
It's a little weird like it really put me off when I first started, but now that I'm getting a little more into it
Okay, I think I could play a little further in this game
I don't know if I'm gonna I don't know if it's gonna keep my attention to completion though, which is too bad
Peach doesn't feel like the same character that she is in the other Mario games and in like Mario Party
And I realized maybe part of this is to you know obviously make peach the hero for once
but if you've ever played Mario Party against me you'll know that peach is
always the hero of Mario Party because I always play peach and I always win so
I seem to have a memory of beating you before sir. Peach is always a hero in some other cases so
whatever anyway so super princess peach it's okay I check it out if the genre
interests you but I don't know as a peach fan the something about it's a
little off-putting I can't put my finger on it I'm sorry to say so that was my
gaming week Loki how about you I played full auto I finished the game 100% I'm
just giving the last few achievements online I've gotten up on to rank 3 now
online because for some reason it's not counting all the ranked races I'm doing
I raced about six different races today and only counted two of them which
Which ironically enough were the best ones I did, so that worked out in my favor.
But still though, I spent all that time to play people and they freaking drop like mad.
It's crazy, it's like Mario Kart but worse.
Still really fun though, and you get to play in some of the races.
I found my strategy though was the same during the multiplayer games as in my single player
games where I drop a lot of bombs behind me and just get ahead of the pack and I just
take people out as I'm driving.
And it worked really well.
in the first place that way.
But the game is really fun.
Really frustrating in the gang war section of the game, but I finally got gold on those
and once I was done with that I was like, finally, really rewarding.
Other than that, I've been trying to get into some more of the Xbox Live Arcade games, played
a little bit more, Hexic HD, trying to actually become good at that game, but I can't.
trade gauntlet and suck at gauntlet still and then I'm looking forward to burnout which is coming out this week and
Also goes to recon advanced warfighter. So two more the start off
I'm glad I finished full auto because you know, I have to start burnout, you know, I'm a burnout whore
So isn't burnout out this week. It comes out in the seventh. I think or not the seventh
7th or 8th, I can't remember. Okay, that's this week. It is this week. Yeah, very exciting
So all right, I'm speaking of gauntlet since you brought up gauntlet in there. I'm gonna go to our chat room now. Finally. Sorry chat room
I'm not ignoring you guys. I know you're there
www.orangelawntrader.com click on chat. I'm not don't don't you lies spreading lies?
emotionally unstable woman
Who touched the fire heart who touched it
All right moving on
Let's see Oh check question from chair room hit stun says does gauntlet have online play. Yes
Yes, and that is pretty much what makes pretty much much
It is what mucho makes these games worthwhile on Xbox Live. Otherwise, I would say
Frickin go get Midway arcade classics. It's got every single game
They're offering on live and if but but the online play is what makes these worth the five bucks a pop
It's sometimes hard to find an opponent
but it's fun you know and that's the only way that gauntlet remains fun after
the first few levels for me honestly is to have four people playing it so
definitely you know if you're you want to get it back in the gauntlet check it
out on xbox live because you can do the co-op thing so pretty exciting if you
guys want to participate www.orangelawnsradio.com click on chat and of course
You guys are always free to disagree with us DMN says I disagree with your opinion on peach sky
Well, that's you know, and you know what my opinion might change
I've changed my opinion on games when I go back and play them for a longer time as I'm sure some of you guys have
Done as well as that sometimes like it you could the CD a movie you watch it
Listen to it the first time and you think this sucks and go back later and it's actually really good
Same thing happen was games all the time. So, you know, I reserve the right to change my opinion
Nothing is ever cemented, but I don't know. I don't I can't see my opinion changing on this, but we'll see. We'll see
huh, I have to say something about katsu khan which is where I went part of my trip where I was at I did a
Panel there on Bamani games. I was placed Sunday at 11 a.m
I had a I could count on my hands how many people showed up to my panel and that made me kind of sad
Which is more listeners than we had the first week of this show
So that's okay, but and they were all fans of the podcast which was kind of cool
You know like meet some of our listeners pretty awesome. Yeah
But the problem was is that they put my panel right before the checkout time at the hotel
So everybody was trying to frantically check out of their rooms and figure out whether we're gonna put their luggage for the rest of the day
So nobody really came to my panel which made me a sad panda. Oh, well, maybe next night
We are thinking about going to other cons and stuff. So if you have suggestions
Um, we can't go to everything, but if you, you know, especially California based stuff,
we can certainly try and make an attempt at going to, and I know we've got ideas of our
own, so we'll see what happens.
Um, big thanks to those of you guys who did stop by and say hi at Katsucon.
Also a big, huge thank you to the listener who, um, hooked me up with a Wonderswan color.
That was so awesome.
Did I tell you about that?
I got a Wonderswan color.
That's really cool.
And I love Final Fantasy IV.
So, that's so badass.
I love the Wonderswan color.
And you already know I love Final Fantasy IV.
I don't gotta tell you again.
So.
Alright anyway moving on let's get into this week's news starting off with Loki Loki
You got this you've got the hookup or something this week. Don't you look you what's up?
Destination PlayStation. This is a retail only event that means no press but being that I work in retail
We did get the hookup
I actually got the PowerPoint presentations of a few different companies that we're gonna be there
I'm showing off their games and we got a bunch of different titles as I mentioned last week
Um, we did have some stuff, uh, regarding the, uh, Activision, and now I have, um, the
Vivendi Universal titles that are going to be coming out this year, and a lot of this
stuff hasn't been announced yet, so it's going to be kind of cool, including, um, some of
the Revolution games that are going to be coming out at launch.
Um, but let me just run down the list here of some of the really cool stuff.
Just so you guys know, I, he's actually, and I know this is radio, so you can't, he's actually
looking at a PowerPoint that I'm sure is not supposed to be looked at by us right now,
but it shows.
It's a freaking calendar that just shows.
It looks very official, boys and girls.
This is great.
This is so cool.
Anyways, this is the exact PowerPoint that they're showing at Destination PlayStation,
which is awesome.
But starting off here, we're upcoming this second quarter, we've got Over the Hedge and
X-Men 3, which is no surprise, two games based on upcoming movies.
July or the July through September third quarter we've got the movies x-pack
which is coming out for the PC and expansion to the movies no way I notice
something here okay take x3 for example I see it's bolded and then I see the
legend at the bottom says bold xbox 360 ps3 and or Nintendo I guess an army
center revolution so when it's bolded in April May June is that like hinting is
that just gonna be it means that there's probably an xbox 360 version for x-men
I see because I get look at that goat does that mean we're gonna have like a
No, no, I didn't think so
July or quarter three we've got um
Like I said the movies x-pack for PC quake enemy territory for the PC as well as a couple budget tiles
they have Kabbalah's Alaskan adventures for both consoles and PC and
Let's see here. Also for quarter four, of course is gonna be the biggest stuff
You've got I see lots of bolded stuff here. So that's the bold stuff
So this must mean the other consoles are they're expecting them to be well, here's where we're going here
we've got actual launch stuff. This is the new Tony Hawk game, Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam,
which is going to be one of the launch titles for the Revolution and for the PS3. We've
got also Marvel Legends, which is going to be kind of a follow-up to the X-Men Legends
series. That's also going to be a launch title for the Revolution and for the PS3.
But when you say launch, couldn't that mean that maybe it doesn't come out like the same week?
it might come out around... It might not come out, it's not gonna come out, well like the
Revolution's slated for around November, so it probably will be a launch title for that.
The PS3, God knows, you know, when that's coming out, so hopefully. Call of Duty 3 is
gonna be another title that's coming out on the Playstation 3, and for the 360, which
is gonna be pretty cool. Call of Duty, also, they're gonna be getting a new version for
the PSP, as well as Gun is coming to the PSP. Chirp Chirp. Hey, Call of Duty is awesome,
okay? No, no, Call of Duty is fine, you just said
Gun and I just, you know. Oh yeah, Gun, yeah. Well, this is the best
one, this one I had to laugh at. I'm going to bargain beneath you.
Okay, these are the bargain titles here. The History Channel presents the Civil War first
person shooter, I might add. So, I don't know exactly how that would work,
I know it takes a long ass time to reload first person. Are you for this shit's fake that out of me
They know that it's better than we have to let me tell you switch. It was supposed to come out last year
I have the sell sheets for this. It looks like the
Biggest piece of crap I've ever seen but it's a budget title
It's it's weird. It's really bad Harley Davison. They're also doing another
Bike game. I mean, come on they had you know
American choppers the game so of course is
this one really got me laughing pimp my ride the game kill me which you know I
thought le rush was pimp my ride the game but whatever that's coming out in
consoles and kabbalahs african safari you know sadly enough people buy those
kabbalahs games a lot but yeah and some other games I should mention for the DS
spider-man kids I don't know what the hell that is and yeah it just a lot of
really bad games. Okay, so that's everything for, I don't know, Civil War First First Shooter.
You kind of have my interest now. I mean, it kind of sounds like one of those you gotta
see it to believe it type things. I can't be the only one who's interested in a very
showgirls kind of way. Now for Vividi Universal we've got 50 Cent. 50 Cent's coming out on
the PSP in fourth quarter. You know, because a year later and the game's still gonna suck.
Crash Festival, a Crash Bandicoot game for the DS, will be coming out also, 4th quarter.
I wondered what ever happened to Crash Bandicoot.
They still make games for that stuff.
You know the last one I ever played with Crash Bandicoot was the little party game they had
on the Playstation.
Like their answer to Mario Party.
Crash Bash?
Yeah, Crash Bash.
What a crap.
What a crap that game was.
I'm sorry.
That was like the worst knockoff game I'd ever seen in my life.
I got a game coming out called Aragon, which is going to be based on a movie that's coming
out around the same time, quarter four, also on the 360 and all the console systems.
Actually it's pretty sweet, they've got John Malkovich's in it, it looks like he plays
like a troll or something, I don't know, that's kind of neat.
But it's definitely going to be a lot better than In the Name of the King, an Ui Bo crap
fest.
Let's see, of course a bunch of other movie tie-ins here, Miami Vice, of course with the
movie that's coming out you know also a console game moving on Scarface coming
out in September that one actually looks pretty sweet because it's kind of you
know my it's like Vice City but actually you know without ripping off Scarface
because it is Scarface so it's ripping off a ripoff of itself something like
that that's kind of neat okay flat out to one of my you know kind of favorite
games that came out a while ago where you get to eject the driver through the
Windshield that's coming out now in June so look for that and finally a new Spyro
game coming out around November here Spyro the or Legend of Spyro a new
beginning and that's coming out in all the systems in October actually. See I
always thought Crash and Spyro like ran away together to the land of
oversaturation and made like a million babies or something. Yeah I don't know
And then then there's another crappy game here called mock which is for the PSP and it looks like crap some
Air pollution like airplane if you like airplane combat game boom-boom shoot them up top gun
But uh, oh and I forgot I had EA's lineup to just real quick though
There's only a couple that are worth mentioning
There anytime soon Superman Returns coming out in June June 26 currently and Laura be based on the Superman 64 engine
No, it will not be. Actually, you know what? I have seen the video for this. They released
a trailer for it and it actually looks really good. It's going to have 80 square miles of
metropolis that you get to fly around in with all the buildings and everything. Really cool
and they've got Metallo in there, giant robot you get to fight and stuff. I don't know.
And then Lord of the Rings Battle for Middle Earth 2 for Xbox 360, 10 of the league right
now for June 13th.
speaking of the land of oversaturation
now now
sorry i've been gone for a couple weeks i'm a little feisty tonight
that that's all we got so far i'm still waiting to get back from uh...
cuz a lot of people right now destination playstation you know was
taking place this week and a lot of people are still busy
i'll get some more info later on
you know dark tetsuya has an interesting point about the uh... civil war uh...
first-person shooter
if that is historically accurate then you will be spending more time reloading
than firing exactly like that
they'd like to do you remember like seeing this industry class like with
the power back in the gun to take forever
and all that stuff
make for some mean online play
you think about that you have a fifteen minute match you can only fire fifteen
shots
to make those count
moving on uh... line i'd notice i was gone
people got really freaked out about this Microsoft origami
like you know up here it is Microsoft sent entering the handheld market
here it is the origami is their answer to the PSP and the DS right
here here's my thing okay what about the origami the origami is a stupid name
you know I'm sorry
because it makes me want to fold it and you don't do that you don't fold
a Microsoft equipment here's the thing about the origami though it reminds me
of like
how cell phones are you know cell phones now
teeny tiny just like you know the gameboy micro teeny tiny you know the psp not so tiny but still
pretty tiny origami is like cell phones from the 80s where it's like you know some ginormous device
which i'd expect they should have called it the microsoft brick because that's what it looks like
it looks like a brick in the sense that i can possibly you know haul that with me you know i
I can't stick it in a pocket unless I'm like five billion pounds and have pants the size
of a parachute or something.
The Microsoft Doorstop, now with Halo.
By the way, it doesn't play Halo.
Here it is kids, here it is.
Now the word's coming out that it is not actually their answer to the PSP or DS, so sit down,
because what this is is actually it is their first in a line of paperback sized computers.
So what the hell was the Halo thing?
It was running Halo on Windows XP, is what they say, because it's like a portable computer.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Paperback size.
Okay, I know what the size of a paperback book is, okay, if this thing is like the paperback
size of like a phone book, I mean, apparently the paperback in question is War and Peace,
apparently.
I don't know.
I guess, but see- The Bible.
with like with with with the Book of Mormon as the AC adapter or something I
mean you know it's the size of the unabridged dictionary all right anyway
all kidding aside okay so Microsoft's gonna have this tiny and I use that term
very loosely tiny computer coming out soon called the origami but you know you
know I people are saying it's not a handheld but could correct me if I'm
wrong if the damn thing hooks up to all of Microsoft's other stuff, couldn't you theoretically
get some perks as an origami owner such as maybe Xbox 360 demos, movies on your origami?
Couldn't that still be something that's an option?
Oh, of course you earned the reticle of all your friends.
This made me laugh.
Okay, Game Informer is trying to guess what you could use the origami for and one of the
things they said is a secondary screen for your 360.
I'm like yeah, I'm gonna go out there and spend $500 on a crappy little screen
For that could possibly be used in the game is like a status screen or something like a DS
No, I'll tell you what the origami can be used for oh shit. I got a crooked nail
You killed the penguin
People out in the living room we're probably going what the hell are they doing on this show tonight alright anyway
What aren't we doing you know what if someone could be bludgeoned to death with an iPod man that that origami is
Give me some deadly stuff there
Well you know since you pissed off enough Mac users
We've got a you know we'll get the hate mail for Microsoft fans this week. It's just you know turnabouts fairplay
Right you know that's the thing as seriously as like the size of like one of those old speaking all right
Let's move on moving on
dark Sakura
Something that you might be able to play on the Microsoft origami world of war crack
There's that there is that it actually are up to six million woohoo
But yeah as a result they're working on a Spanish version of World of Warcraft in
Addition to what's the other three languages they have out of in Europe right now. Yeah, so
We get the Spanish version
L computer es en fuego. Lucha libre on Telemundo. You know, when I play World of Warcraft on
my iBook, it does feel like, you know, it's en fuego. You know what, that's actually all
of the Spanish I know is el telefono es en fuego. And lucha libre on Telemundo. I just,
donde esta el bano. Because it's all about Mexican wrestling. Donde esta el bano, that's
That's all you need to know.
If you're gonna go to Mexico.
Where's the potty?
Yeah.
Oh.
You got it!
See?
You know what?
You know more Spanish.
You're lying.
Okay, I know Latin, and I took French.
Just unstable tonight.
Totally unstable.
Shut up!
Okay, you know what?
Kisses.
All right.
Yeah, right.
You know what?
I'm sorry, I'm feisty tonight.
Maybe I'm the emotionally unstable one.
It's fine.
Loki, you also have a wow story.
Yes, this is how you can become a part of the beta for the World of Warcraft Burning
Crusade.
And no, that's not an STD.
They have three different things that are going to be going on.
The first is a race to level 50 contest, and that's basically just like it sounds.
You take a new character and see how quickly you can get to level 50, and hopefully the
top 1,000 will secure the right to be able to be part of the beta.
The second competition is called the Battle for Warsong Gulch, and it's basically a level
19 capped battle and yeah the top 500 players for that are going to be able to be part of
the beta for that and finally the most level 25 characters contest and just like it sounds
the top 1000 people who can get the most characters that are level 25 and above get to also be
part of the beta.
So in other words if you don't have a job and you have a lot of time to spare here's
something you can work towards to make your internet penis take your leave I
mean look at that though it's perfectly you know you have people that can level
their characters quickly now we can test a lot of stuff for this you know beta
and it makes sense you don't want people that can actually play the game they're
encouraging people to not have a life anyway whatever I just found a reason to
take my vacation time I'm happy nerd all right moving on I also have a wow story
those you got you know how the rumors are going around that the World of
Warcraft is going to come out on the Xbox 360 not not so even though Squeenix
is bringing over Final Fantasy 11 to the 360 MCV the Interactive Entertainment
Weekly is and saying that the Blizzard chief operating officer Paul Sam said we
do not have any plans to take Wow to Xbox 360 Wow is a is built as a PC
gaming experience, porting PC games to console often compromises games and we
would never allow the WoW gameplay experience to suffer so and doesn't
sound like it's gonna happen. To counter that, according to the VOIP blog World of Warcraft is
indeed going to debut on the 360 this is of course coming about a day after they
announced that it wasn't and apparently the whole thing is they're going to
announce some sort of secret partnership at E3 and of course that sounds like a
bunch of fan-based speculation to me with all due respect to that blog in
question hmm blog chief operating officer of blizzard it's hard to say
which one's more believable but you know it's not like these guys I'm gonna go
with blog it's not like these guys haven't lied before to the blog's credit
they could totally make a 180 on this statement and we would just look like
asses again moving on new story Loki we were talking about gauntlet on Xbox Live
Arcade the funny done yet right of course not there's gonna be some more
Midway games coming to the Xbox Live Arcade one of my favorites paper boy
paper boy is coming of course and root beer tapper that's gonna be really good
I own it that game it's on but we're tapping is not really to player it's not
two-player co-op, so I don't think they're going to have to get creative with that one
to make that a worthwhile purchase.
Same thing with Paperboy, they weren't really, you know, the enticing thing about the Midway
games is that they're co-op and stuff, but those games aren't really multiplayer at once.
Defender is also coming.
Some other stuff that will be heading our way is going to be Cyberball, some sort of
robot football game that was kind of crap.
And then finally of course the best one, Mortal Kombat 3, or Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 is going
to be coming to combat, of course, Street Fighter 2.
Why Mortal Kombat 3, which I would say is the worst one in the entire series, sorry,
I even prefer Mortal Kombat 4 over Mortal Kombat 3.
Mortal Kombat 2 is the top of the series.
I know, Mortal Kombat 2 is the top, I don't think there's any dispute in that, but I even
prefer, and I know like people totally disagree, I prefer Mortal Kombat 4 to 3, I did not like
3 at all.
It just...
the beta versions of Mortal Kombat 2
Mortal Kombat 2 is awesome. Why three? Why are they coming out with three? Why not two?
People want two
I don't know. Be glad you're getting
any Mortal Kombat. No, I will not. I'm not spending five dollars on Mortal Kombat 3
especially especially when I already have
arcade legends. Who says it's going to be five dollars? Watch when Street Fighter 2 comes out
I bet you it'll probably be like ten bucks. F that
pretty soon you'll be paying like for forty dollar games online
moving on
Dark Sakura has a story
about parents and video games and all that fun stuff
what's up? parents and video games well
video games worst
enemy is lazy parents
how many times have I said this? I know I'm kinda like
even when I was like looking over this week's story I was kinda like this is news
but you know it's it's nice to see that the media is kind of you know
acknowledging that
it's not always you know doom and gloom
the gamers fault and the the you know it
everybody is equally to blame sometimes
I don't know well there's
this legislation going into actually
and this is actually something else I was a reading on a number of sites
there's actually new legislation to have the game ratings redone which is
actually pretty stupid a lot of people are protesting it well I think it's okay
if they want to do it like I like we've suggested on this program before and I
think is the way they do it in the UK in UK oh oh yeah in the UK it's fine
doesn't it mirror the movies it does but there's a change that one of the Labour
Party folks is trying is lobbying to to change it why would you change it when I
I think that's the way that makes the most sense is to mirror the movies
because people understand movie ratings they don't understand for whatever
reason they don't understand game ratings but they understand pg-13 okay
are might have titties don't take the kids well well now they're having this
mum's army business over there as mama's and mother I what with what little I
know of British culture I do know that one but they're saying that the games
responsible for all kinds of social problems like drug and alcohol abuse, gang
membership, and gangster rap. Dude, I'm gonna play some Katamari Dimashio. But
seriously, there was, you know, there's actually an interesting comment on here
that's a political movement launched by the same people who show a story of a
a woman crippled by 40 to 60 orgasms a day. How can that be credible? That's like...
It's kind of awesome. That's like reading the sun or something,
you know, or like the enquirer. Alright, well...
But they're saying that video games, which to quote glorify, pimping drug dealing and
street murders, but they don't make a logical connection to trying to control what their
children are playing basically they're blaming the games not blaming themselves
for taking responsibility for what their children are doing excuse me we've been
doing this show for four years and didn't I see that from like well not
quite day one but sort of around you know the first year I started my whole
campaign against parents doing their freaking job that's what makes this news
is that finally you know there's you know anyway it's ridiculous it really is
ridiculous and honestly I feel like writing them and going um why don't you
just try parenting your children moving on we do now on the flip side we have a
we have a good piece about parenting and stuff later so please you know if you're
gonna send hate mail right now wait because we have another story coming up
I've fully gone on and said for those for those of you parents who are taking
an active partner you know I it's a partnership it you know they have
responsibility to put the information out there and market it correctly but
the parents have the responsibility to take that information and use it wisely.
There you go. Something that may not be so wise I caught this like it's a little
it's a little little piece on Kotaku this week little piece and that's about
all the engage deserves in fact I thought the engage was dead and gone but
no civilization just recently came out on the engage like this week and I seem
to remember playing this at E3 last year I got so frustrated civilization is
probably my favorite computer game of all time and granted I think this one's
based off of Civ 2, the Civ 2 engine, I got frustrated after like two minutes I
couldn't I could not stand I was like what happened to my game what why why
god why I was like crying in the middle of the Engage booth I had to be removed
but anyway if you're a Civ fan and you happen to own an Engage or you need a
reason to you know keep your Engage or need something on you I guess here it is
civilization finally out enjoy and then you know kick your engage because it's
you know not that great moving on Loki yes interesting story actually coming
out about the Sims and basically EA and Depeche Mode have collaborated on a
signature song for Sims 2 open for business and it's actually funny because
Because this song playing, or I guess the first ever Simlish language song, Suffer Well,
a popular track by Depeche Mode, will be in the game.
And I don't know how you can listen to Depeche Mode in that weird language.
That's just weird.
That's unusual.
I don't know.
That's a weird pairing to me.
Depeche Mode in The Sims.
I don't know.
worked for the Black Eyed Peas but okay Depeche Mode Black Eyed Peas not quite the same
type of band it might have worked better if they picked a good Depeche Mode song
yeah I know but there haven't been any good Depeche Mode songs in the past 10
years now my question is the last album was really freaking good okay now my
My question is, is this song for like, since this is basically the storefront Sims expansion,
is this for like the Hot Topic type of story that's going to be in the game where you get
to, I don't know, I've got nothing.
I find it interesting because I remember the Black Eyed Peas did a Simlish song for the
the Herbs Games, and I don't recall that having any great success. I'm curious why they would
try this sort of thing again."
Because Depeche Mode is like,
Oh, last album sucks so bad! Please someone listen to it!
Alright,
let's let Jamie have a witty retort here at this time with
her website of the week! Yay, we love Jamie's website of the week!
My website of the week? Hey, I was trying to make
a comment before you started that. It's just especially significant.
today's website of the week is the website for warp 11 because they rock
if you go to warp 11.com and it's the numbers 11 not like spelled out this is
basically a Star Trek themed band I went to see this last night at the blue lamp
and downtown Sacramento and they're just so awesome because their songs are all
about sex and Star Trek except for the wait a minute those are two things that
I never would have imagined ever went together and drugs Wow
there's actually I think a song that's just about various drugs in Star Trek
And, of course, they did the best, my favorite of their songs, they did Montalban.
Have you ever seen that old Saturday Night Live sketch with William Shatner going to
the Star Trek convention and he goes, Hey, you, in the back, have you ever gotten laid?
Remember that?
Hilarious.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to intrude on the website.
Check bands get laid with each other.
But this band is also really, I don't know.
I'm a closet Trekkie.
Well, here we go.
I will make you feel better.
Okay?
I'm going to, because I've been pretty harsh tonight.
I'm going to give you the greatest blackmail ammo of all time.
Are you ready?
In high school, senior year, I was vice president of the Star Trek club.
Checky!
There you go.
Do you feel better?
I feel somewhat better.
Alright.
But um, but no, just like freaking go look at the, on the link for music.
It has the lyrics to Montalban up there.
It's like the best lyrics ever.
there's also mp3 samples on the site which you know we should we'll play
eventually I actually on my show I play a lot of warp 11 anyway because I love
warp 11 and I think that off of their most recent album which is called a
boldly go down on me welcome to our cube is probably my favorite song that one
and captain caught me on the holodeck red alert is also a really good album
just because of seven of mine it's it's such a such a really really cool band I
will say this and to kind of bring it back to gaming a little bit also in
Trekkies too all right the movie right to bring it back to gaming a little bit
I do think that Star Trek MMO is a pretty good idea I think that'll I think
that'll be great so we'll see one more one more details come out I think it'll
be pretty cool one other thing I'd like though to point out about the site
people everyone should go to the photos look at the Halloween photos with them
dressed as Star Wars characters all right dark soccer's website of the week
enjoy moving on this is this this article has kind of been floating around
the internet for a couple weeks keep in mind we haven't done a show in a couple
weeks so we have to catch up on a couple things that we missed but this was run
on MSNBC newsweek this is interesting there's a game coming out it's called
Left Behind Eternal Forces. Left Behind is this book series of I guess they're
Christian oriented books about what the rapture and the people to get left
behind right. So basically what happens is that it's supposed to be taking place
in Manhattan but the level of violence is supposed to be reminiscent of Grand
Theft Auto according to this story. It's about New Yorkers who are left behind
behind after the rapture, they scour the streets for converts, train people to be a workforce
to feed, shelter, and join the resistance against the growing forces of the antichrist,
is what this game is all about.
Which meets with a resounding, okay?
Yeah, but it sounds like I had that thought up.
I don't know, it's just kind of like, oh really?
It sounds like GTA meets Shin Megami Tensei, I'm almost interested.
Here's the part about getting the hooker in the car and then killing her, I mean, where's
that?
If this game does not have a sex mini-game that was removed from the game but still left
in the programming, I will not buy it.
Instead of hot coffee, it's hot manna.
Hopefully this game will be less boring than the movie.
And yes, I have watched the movie, and god, I want those two hours back.
Speaking of stories that are a little bit old, but we want to bring them to your attention
anyway.
Loki?
Anyways, there is a little bit of news going around, I wouldn't really call this news.
The EA Sports Games for PSP, in order to play online, you have to do one of two things.
You have to either sign over your privacy to EA and I believe ESPN to have them send
you spam or pay them $2 and so yeah this has been going on basically brought to
attention again with the release of fight night round three but this is
something that's going on since you know so what's to stop me from going to get a
free gmail account because I know thousands of people with thousands of
invites to gmail even though it's still in beta what's to stop me from getting a
free gmail account and having it be my spam dump ground and signing up with
this address listen it's all about the principle here sure it'd be really easy
to do that and sure and probably lots of people have done that ensure even the
people that have put the legitimate information haven't gotten anything sent
to them but yeah it's about the principle it's a principle the thing
it's like you know two dollars or my email address it's like sell your soul
to the marketing, sell your soul to the band is essentially what they're saying or buy
it back for two dollars.
Well the whole thing it comes down to is this isn't something that's like on the box you
know and it's kind of to hide that in there saying oh yeah by the way if you want to play
online you got to pay us two bucks you know that's kind of not good, shady, shady.
You know what it's just like releasing, re-releasing games onto the 360 without really doing much
other than enhancing the textures a little bit. Yeah, we see you, you know, with Burnout
and, you know, for that, EA's gonna get left behind. Battlefield 2, Gun, all those, half
the 360 games out there. But really, the bigger question is, why are you buying these sports
games anyways? No one plays sports games out there. Because there's a huge, don't you know
like some of the most successful titles over here are sports games? We don't talk about
them so much. There were huge audiences. Well like some of the other titles they mentioned
were like NHL, you know, 2006. I'm like, who plays hockey games? I mean really. Hey,
Blades of Steel was like one of my favorite NES titles ever, so shut your mouth. Well
my favorite thing was how the hell did they have a hockey game anyways when there wasn't
a season in 2005. I still like Super Baseball 3000 for the Neo Geo. One of the best things
about the Genesis was NHL okay pwned oh I'm sorry pull the Canadian card on me
why don't you dark Sakura please take us to a more reasonable time did I mention
we're just a little off tonight we're just kind of something's off I'm always
on I'm so all right then get us back on track with a scary with a reasonable
article here oh this is something we brought up earlier yes well um this is
about parenting and about video games as in gamer parents which I'm going to be
one day you know in fact I actually wrote a nice little rant not too long
ago about you know gamer parents playing with their their children but there's a
lovely little bit of writing out about you know gamer parents and about how you
know through them actually taking an active role in you know the games that
their children play, you know, they're taking responsibility, they're bringing on a new
generation of gamers who have that same healthy attitude, I think.
And you know, instead of, you know, leaving it just as a babysitting tool, it's to balance,
you know, that's a big theme in this is that parents are using this as a tool to help teach
their children and not as a babysitting device.
Some of my fondest memories from being a child, understand that my mother is definitely not
a gamer, and she doesn't even really know how to turn a computer on, like if she needed
something done on the computer, my dad or myself got asked to do it.
Some of the best memories I have of childhood was when she would figure out how to play
the trivia games on the Commodore 64 and we'd play them together.
You know, it's like board game night, but in a different kind of way.
remember that like very vividly when she would like take the effort to try and
like why is Rob so into the computers what I've got the I just remember that
and that you know that's great you know I think it's this generation will
remember that too back when I had my Nintendo my mom and I used to take turns
playing Super Mario Brothers that was also how I developed my blindfold level
eight one skill Wow that's hot I can't do it anymore I mean it's been way too
too long since I've done it but level 8 1 there's like a definite pattern to the
whole stage and it is possible to do it blindfolded there's a pattern really to
the whole game right well not if you have not for the hammer brother levels
because they're all random oh that's true their patterns are random but you
can do level 8 1 blindfolded you can do the first level blindfolded too huh but
yeah but anyway that's how I you know I've learned that by playing with my mom
very cool all right um let's see moving on Loki yes what's going on over at
Konami, our buddies at Konami.
You know, I had to laugh when I read this news about Konami getting in trouble with
the crime life advertisement. First off, the advertisement isn't really that bad anyways,
it's just people overreacting again. But, anyways, the whole, you know, whole thing
about this was that it showed gangsters and, you know, they had guns and stuff, and it's
basically trying to promote violence on the streets or something like that.
So the ASA, the Advertising Standards Authority, they upheld the complaint against it and wanted
them to pull it.
And so, I don't know, I think it's over just, it's really stupid, because when you look
at it, most of the advertisements that we see nowadays are just nothing.
And I don't think that they really take violence and nudity and stuff like that seriously over
were in the UK, at least not as much as we, I mean, we're just like completely conservative
about everything, you know, whereas they're more liberal about it.
I was gonna say rabid, but, you know.
Shouldn't Konami just write off Crime Life at this point?
I mean, really?
Is this a title they need to be backing?
No.
Is one of those, like, let's pay the rent this month type titles?
Let me put it this way, the game initially was gonna come out at about $49.99, they dropped
it to $20, and then-
That tells you a lot right there.
on it just sucked so it was a nice try but you know just just like Nintendo
wrote off the virtual boy I mean a travesty you just got to take your
mistakes and say you know what we messed up all right well we've been in a bit of
a feisty mood tonight you know one reason for that is we're really excited
about something as well that's going on here at Orange Lounge radio and to help
us talk about what's going on here at Orange Launch Radio tonight.
We decided to invite on a very special guest.
We always talk about support, independent podcasting, support podcasters.
We're here to back up what other folks do out there in the independent podcast revolution.
We would not exist without the support of other folks out there.
And one of the folks that's always been very supportive of our show and we just love him
to death is the one and only Bobby Blackwolf from the Bobby Blackwolf show over at AllGames.com
and he's actually on the line with us right now.
Bobby, you there?
Yeah, I am, how are you?
Good, how are you, Bobby?
How was your show tonight?
Good one?
Yeah, it went pretty good.
It's interesting because Bobby and I,
we tape like almost the exact same time,
but it's just because we've done it that way
for a long time, so it just kinda works out that way,
funny sometimes.
But you can download his show as a podcast,
just like you can download ours.
So it allows you to stay in touch with both of them,
so it's awesome. Yep.
All right, so Bobby, tell us first off a little bit
about allgames.com.
What is this website that you're a part of?
Okay, well, it's a sequel to Left Behind.
No, I'm just kidding.
Somebody else is feeling a little feisty tonight.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Allgames.com was started by Scott Rubin about 10 years ago.
A lot of people here may recognize the name Scott Rubin from G4TV.com.
He was the original male host.
Before then, he ran the All Games Network, which started off doing radio, a weekly radio
show in Real Audio back in 1996.
Then he joined up with Pseudo Online Interactive to do kind of an IPTV network, is what it
would be called today, using Real Video, and he oversaw 15 hours worth of gaming content
a week.
A daily live show and all that stuff.
That's hardcore because Real Audio and Real Video, like streaming and stuff, that stuff
was a pain in the ass.
I mean, that's what our college radio station used to use.
That stuff was a pain.
So I know that takes a lot of dedication.
Apple made it easy for people to podcast in comparison.
Unfortunately, the dot-com bust came out, and All Games Network died pretty much in
the dot-com bust.
And then Comcast brought him over to help start G4.
So he moved out to Los Angeles, started G4, thought that they were going to be taking
all these risks with gaming television programming, and unfortunately they just didn't understand.
And in about 2004, he said, okay, their vision is gone.
They're going in a completely different direction.
I want out.
And so he got out, relaunched AllGames.com.
Now he has a production company.
He's developing television, radio, and internet content, all devoted to gaming.
And AllGames Radio is one of those parts.
Awesome.
Now, what's your involvement with all of this then?
Okay.
Well, I've been a fan of Scott Rubin's work.
I've been listening to his stuff and watching his stuff since 97.
and I went over, worked with G4,
I was actually a moderator on their forums,
back when G4 actually was good,
which they're not anymore.
Ancient history.
And so, when he relaunched allgames.com,
I really kind of was in the right place, right time,
I'd been around long enough,
and he basically let me help him with his site,
with his forums, and then he had a live 365 station,
I'm like, hey, let me do a show.
And I did a show in 2004, and we had the MP3 archives of the show, which is what it was
called.
The podcasting was very new.
And now we actually have All Games Radio as a 24-7 music station.
I pretty much run it.
And we play game music, or we play talk programming, either his show, which is every weeknight,
live from the Arena Interactive Lounge in Santa Monica, or my show on Sunday nights.
arena interactive lounge sounds pretty awesome because it sounds like a place
where you can just kind of go and like just kind of like kick back have a beer
play some games here Scott over there doing a show sounds pretty awesome wait
I guess you can't really have a beer this is California huh okay have a have
a root beer and no no no no no no no here's what you do huh it's BYOB ah if
you bring your own you can have it there okay and they'll store it for you there
you go maybe maybe during e3 me and me and Jamie and Lynn Loki will all come
with some Guinness and gamer gave it up right.
It'd be quite expensive on my part.
All right, well anyway, so you have a show over on All Games.
What's your show all about?
What's the Bobby Black Wolf show about?
It's a one-person show pretty much.
We talk about news, a lot of chatter, we have a toll-free number that you can call in with
Skype and basically just running down the news and I do some interviews.
We had Tommy Tallarico on the show last week for about an hour and a half.
We even asked a question from you.
I actually listened to the show.
This was weird for me because we didn't have Orange Lounge Radio last week.
I was kind of like, what am I going to do tonight?
I can't really listen to my own show because there is no show.
I'll go listen to Bobby's show.
I never get a chance to listen to Bobby's show live.
I want to see how it is live versus Tate.
He had Tommy Tallarico on and I thought that was kind of crazy because we've been known
to give Tommy a little bit of a hard time here on this program just just a
little bit so it was kind of funny so I you know I had to ask a question and you
know Loki where do you think I went of all the Tommy Tallarico things what do
you think I had to ask about remember what else he's involved in he was
involved in a lot of things actually right but the music stuff right video
games live of course so if I had to ask him any question about video games live
What do you think I brought up?
I don't even know.
It was Pong.
I had to ask, why Pong?
Why Pong?
And of course he said, basically his 10 minute answer,
whatever it was, basically boiled down to, dude,
it's eight seconds of Pong.
Basically.
And I understand.
I'm just giving him a hard time, and obviously he does a lot.
He obviously loves games and this industry a whole lot.
He really does.
To my defense, most of my angst at Tommy
was just mainly misdirected angst that should have been going towards G4.
I was like, God damn it, that show sucked.
It's not his fault.
It's the writers.
Do you know what I learned about that show?
I don't know if I should say that.
Let's get back on topic here.
Please.
So you have your program and you get some pretty cool interviews once in a while, yeah?
Yep.
Pretty much.
All right.
Give us the details real quick.
How can we tune into your show if we want to hear?
It's AllGamesRadio.com that launches the web player, or you can get us on iTunes to search
for Black Wolf.
BobbyBlackWolfShow.com is the URL for my show, and that has all the links and everything.
Why, Bobby, do we have you on the show tonight?
Is there some type of ulterior motive that we have you on the program tonight?
Go for it, Bobby.
Essentially what we've done...
talking with Rob and, you know, to
Dark Soccer and Loki over there. And we have extended an official invitation to
re-air this program you're listening on our stream on Monday nights.
Essentially what will happen is
it's going to air on Monday nights at 10 pm Eastern, 7 pm Pacific,
with Scott Rubins All Games Interactive is going to run right up to it and then people
will get to listen to both part A and part B of this show
didn't get to listen on Sunday nights.
Very cool, and we're very excited to be
a part of this growing network.
It's gonna be awesome.
It's very, very cool.
Thank you so much for thinking of us.
We really appreciate that, once again,
because I think you broke up right,
just a little bit when you were saying the times there.
It's gonna be at 10 o'clock Eastern time,
7 p.m. Pacific time on Monday night.
It's the same week show, so like,
you'll hear tonight's show tomorrow.
And yes, I believe, Bobby, this is all starting tomorrow.
Yes?
Yes, it is.
There it is.
want to hear Part B before we push on the podcast stream, because sometimes we're
lazy and we slack off here at OLR, but all games, they're on it, they've got our Part
B, they're going to play it Monday nights.
So you can hear that in advance.
More than anything, we're just kind of excited to be a part of this and kind of work together.
Independent productions and podcasts and things shouldn't work against each other, they
should work together.
So we're very happy to be on board, Bobby, and thank you so much for thinking of us.
I want to add in one thing just in case people are thinking this right because I did I was at G for
Volunteering when tech TV occurred. We're not changing anything about olr. We don't want to take over your station
We don't want to change any content or anything
We're just re-airing the same show trying to expand it to a new audience
That's what I love is that and honestly what makes me so like honored is because they they're coming and saying we like what you
Do as is and I'm like wow
Wow!
Somebody likes us.
No, it's great.
That gives me the warm fuzzies.
I know.
It's nice.
So thank you for giving us the warm fuzzies.
We love it.
Any other exciting programming coming as well to All Games?
One of the things that we're doing, we're going to be all at GDC in San Jose and we
are actually going to be broadcasting on All Games Radio on the Thursday night of GDC,
the Game Audio Network Guild Awards, which is going to be a two-hour award show with
live music, live performances, and giving awards for Music of the Year, Audio of the
Year, and all that.
We're going to be backstage there, doing some interviews then, and then Friday night, for
my show, I'm going to be backstage at Video Games Live, asking why Pong, and we'll be
airing those on my show that weekend.
That's going to be so awesome.
I can't believe we're a part of this in a roundabout way.
We're a part of the same station, so that's awesome.
I'm going to be listening to that.
That's going to be awesome.
What else is in store in the future of allgames.com?
Not necessarily just programming, but what's in store for the website, the whole vision
of all games?
Well, we're going to be adding some other podcasts.
We've approached other independent podcasters.
You all are just the first.
We're going to be putting a lot more podcasts on just so people can find new podcasts.
Scott Rubin does a lot of television production.
We've got a short film done by a man named Michael Hyland called As Real As Your Life.
It was premiered at the TED conference during David Perry's.
It's going to be screened at GDC, I believe.
It's about video game addiction.
We're going to take that to film festivals, and there's some television programs, too,
that we're pitching that we can't talk more about yet.
Awesome.
And I have to give you the pitch for OLR TV later.
Just remind me.
Okay.
All right.
Anyway, no, seriously, though, thank you so much, Bobby.
And please pass along our thanks to Scott as well, we're really excited to be on board
and just kind of get our show out there and be a part of this growing network, it's awesome.
And if anybody listening live, I'm in your chat room and if they want to ask questions
and call them fears or something, they can feel free to see me in there.
On this end, guys, nothing's changing.
Well, there are other changes coming to OLR, but it has nothing to do with this, it's all
us that we're changing.
And I guess I'll just go ahead and say it, we're going to be making our station, we're
We're gonna be putting a little more oomph in our station
because we ran a poll on Orange Lounge Radio
and we found you guys want a higher bit rate.
You want crystal clear Bamani and video game music
that plays on the stream and the shows.
So we're gonna be up in the bit rate
of Orange Lounge Radio later this month.
So it'll be pretty cool.
And I'm gonna start wearing pants.
Thank you for that because we got cited
by the California health code.
But anyway, Bobby, thank you so much
for being on the program tonight
and best of luck with your show.
And I look forward to working with you guys
as I'm sure DarkSakura, Loki, and maybe someday
Spike can work with you too, come on your show.
Thank you guys for accepting.
All right, not a problem.
You take care, Bobby.
You too.
All right, bye-bye.
Bobby Black Wolf, that website again,
www.allgames.com slash podcast.
If you want to hear Bobby's show, allgames.com,
Orange Lounge Radio starts on Monday.
And some of you guys might actually
be hearing this show on allgames.com
for the first time tomorrow.
But it was actually yesterday when we taped.
Forget it.
All right, Loki, take us out of this hour
with, or hour and a half that we're turning into with a little story here about DDR and
email and what the heck?
Yes, yet another stupid idea brought to you by Microsoft.
This one's actually called StepMail and that's right, it uses a DDR pad to check your email
and it's actually part of this new interface called StepUI and basically their whole spin
on this is, you know what, you're not exercising enough while you're browsing on your PC and
this is a better way to do that. Honestly, folks, how long does it take to check email?
Like two minutes? Do we really need to be walking around on a giant pad that really
is obtrusive and just, no. I think this is the dumbest idea ever. It's like, that's almost
as dumb as saying, okay, I'm going to control my car with this dance pad as well. Are we
Are we sure that something's just not being horribly, horribly misinterpreted or misreported
here?
This is straight on Microsoft's website, okay?
I just want you to know that this isn't like some sort of thing that they're making up.
This shows a picture of some woman stepping on a dance pad, which by the way looks like
a red octane pad, and yes, and it shows the interface right here.
Up, down, close, open, folders, delete.
I like how you have to jump to do different things.
It looks so dumb.
It's completely retarded.
And then they've got a photo viewing thing which looks like someone
crapped it out in about two seconds. You know what would be sweet is if like the
announcer from DDR Extreme would like read your email. You've got mail!
You've got mail! It's your new record!
Whatever that guy says, you know? You know what? Come get Viagra at our store for free!
What they need to do is have a program that hooks up to your email and a little
pedal that you put on the ground so that you're sitting down
and you're doing like a recumbent bike.
And the moment you stop pedaling,
your email closes. Don't they have these net bikes at the gym? They do, at the gym.
They should have something like that at home. Anyways, the study shows, you know, using this program the average
heart rate is increased almost twenty percent while using step mail
and thirteen percent for step photo.
Really though, why would you be looking at photos and what I mean, can you imagine I
Want to look through my picture album. Let me set up this giant dance pad and then someone walks around
What the hell are you doing you complete retard? I'm checking my photos and email
Yes, and you're lame here it is. Here it is. Here it is
Imagine this you're gonna have a party. You're gonna have an adult party and so you could get
X-rated pictures to look at on this thing and play naked twister on the DDR
mat. What do you think? I think that's retarded. I think that's the only reason this thing's
gonna get used ever. This thing will never get used. It will be some stupid study that
Microsoft wastes their money on. Then later on next year, come tax time, they'll be like,
you know what? We lost money on this. Tax write-off! That's right. That's all this is
it attacks right off.
What applications do you think this will have on the origami?
Well, I can tell you this much that the dance pad is almost the size of the origami.
And on that note, we're going to go ahead and take a break here.
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio in a little bit.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
