Tonight, March 26th, 2006, we cover the highlights of the Game Developers Conference, World of Warcraft teaches us a lesson on business, and Congress gets 20,000 messages from video gamers.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
It is March 26, 2006.
This is episode number 178 and thanks so much for tuning in live or downloading us, whatever the case may be.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the lovely DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Oh, I think the mic is off, dear.
TechMasterLoki
GameDevelopersConference.com
It's like we got to be in the same city and we were near people that were going to Game Developers Conference, although we didn't actually get to go ourselves.
So we didn't get to go to no blogger's breakfast, so we had to make our own, you know, cool kids... Podcaster's dinner.
Yeah, cool kids dinner or something like that.
I don't know.
That place was pretty tasty.
It was a good place, wherever that was that we went.
The little, like, it's not Benihana.
Semi-Hana.
Yeah, Semi-Hana.
It was Genji.
It was a good place.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, what kind of games have you been into?
Well, I haven't been able to do a lot of gaming.
I sprained my wrist last Friday, so I've been kind of not able to use the D-pad very well until a couple days ago.
We picked up Tetris DS, and I haven't actually got to play it yet because I can't get it away from Dan.
Which must mean it's pretty good.
I haven't played any Animal Crossing at all this week.
Congratulations.
I've been playing lots of Ragnarok Online because I can use my mouse.
I am now level 52-38, Thief, and then I have like an Archer, and I have a Merchant that I've started too.
And Dan also picked up the initial D game for PSP, which comes with a lanyard, it was pretty cool.
I heard lots of Eurobeat pouring out of the living room as I left the house today.
So that's what the game, oh and he's been playing a lot of Burnout, which I'm like, whatever.
That game does not interest me in the least.
Why not?
It looks stupid.
It's about, what, the sixth racing game to come out for Xbox 360?
I get tired of there being nothing but racing games in my house.
You know, it may be fun for people, but it looks like more of the same crap he's been playing for, like, the past three months, and I'm sick of it.
That's because they're most of the racing, well, actually, it's what, EA, Need for Speed Most Wanted, and Burnout look exactly the same, or pretty close at least, because, you know, they're both ports of the Xbox version, with
Project Gotham, Full Auto, Ridge Racer, Need for Speed I bought me my Katamari
And that's pretty fun.
It looks really pretty on the PSP, that's for sure.
It doesn't control too well.
I don't really like how they do the directional pad and the four buttons instead of two analogs, but what are you going to do with the PSP?
But it is very pretty, and if you do play it for a while, you do eventually get used to the controls, although they do make your hand hurt a bit.
then of course I played a little bit of Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories as usual and also I've been playing on the 360 finally got all my achievements unlocked in full auto today and also I played a little bit of Oblivion and that game is just huge and it's very pretty but just really huge like today I was like you know I see a mountain over there
I'm going to go walk that direction.
And sure enough, you can pretty much climb to the top of that mountain.
And meanwhile, I was sneaking around through the dark and I see deer, so I throw fireballs and kill the deer because I can.
And other fun things like I pickpocketed a key from this one guy in town and went to his house, stole all this stuff and dumped it on the street because I can.
I'm a jackass in the game.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's cool, I'm not going to knock the game for having that, but I was a little bit taken aback, because I'm like, okay, I'm just starting this game, and already I feel really overwhelmed.
And of course, Loki was showing it to me, and he's telling me everything to do.
Okay, press this button, press this button.
Okay, press this, then this, then this, and this, and this.
I'm like, oh my gosh, this is overwhelming.
But then I thought about when I played Final Fantasy XI for the first time, I kind of felt the same way.
So I know it's just one of those games you have to get used to.
It's not that hard once you get through it, no.
So anyways, of course, you know, there was a little leak out there about how there's a glitch with one character where you can kill him and, you know, get infinite gold.
Well, I went and tried to kill this guy, and goddammit, he keeps raining away.
I can't kill him fast enough.
Even if I sneak up on him, I just, I can't do it.
Which is surprising, because you'd think if you hit somebody with a double-edged, you know, a two-handed sword really hard in the back when they weren't expecting it, you'd think, yeah, they're probably going to be on the ground, you know.
But damn, I can whack away at this guy and he freaking puts up a fight and then runs away like a coward.
It's like, holy shit.
I mean, if I was getting hit with a sword, they would be down.
Whatever.
Anyways, but yeah, tons of stuff to do in this game.
I don't even know.
It's a long game.
Very, very long.
I played the, what was it, Blazing Angels demo.
That was fun.
I especially loved taking off and then turning back around and
Shooting the people that were on the ground in my headquarters.
That was fun.
Didn't like it too much.
Kept crashing in the buildings, though, because I suck at Flight Sims.
And... God, what else did I play?
Some more... What was it?
Geometry Wars.
That's kind of cool.
Very cool.
You know, if Oblivion had came out when it was first originally supposed to be out, like not quite as a launch title, but what, like end of December was the original time frame for the game, right?
I think I would have had a chance to play it, but now it's kind of like, okay, in my imaginary game queue in my head of the games I want to play and in the order I want to play them, unfortunately Oblivion's kind of like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, yeah, I mean, to make the game better, I mean, fine, but, you know, it's just too bad that it didn't happen when it was originally supposed to, because I probably would have wanted to play it more, but honestly, there's only so many hours in a day, so...
Imagine running for, like, hours and hours.
No, not fun.
But you can do, like, quick travel and stuff, which is pretty cool.
I did get stuck behind a rock one time in a cave because, hey, I'm going to go back there.
And the problem is, if you don't land on the ground, it won't let you jump again.
So I got stuck.
I wasn't quite, you know, I was kind of clipped on the rock, and I couldn't quite touch the ground, so it wouldn't let me jump.
So I could not move, which was bad.
Thank you for watching!
It probably would let you.
It's very thorough.
Okay, any other games you've been playing this week?
No.
All right.
My Gaming Week.
I spend a little time customizing my Xbox 360 because you can link it up to your PC to play music off your PC and look at pictures from your PC.
So I finally played with this feature a little bit this week because for some wacky reason I thought that you could also stream movies from your PC, but I guess you have to have Media Center to do that, which I don't, but I went to the hassle to set it up anyway only to be disappointed.
But it's still kind of neat that you can use music from your computers, custom soundtracks to games and stuff, and use the pictures.
Well, one other thing that you can do with the pictures is that you can actually change the theme on your Xbox 360 to be one of the pictures from that.
So you can set your own...
background, essentially by doing that.
So I thought to be ironic, what I did is I went onto Nintendo's website and I downloaded a background for Mario Kart DS and I put that background in the share folder.
And so now when I bring up my Xbox 360, it's got this big Nintendo Mario Kart DS background.
So I'll have to take a picture of it and put it on the forums just to be cute.
I don't know why I did it.
I thought it would be funny.
I guess there's only some things only I find amusing.
I don't know.
Maybe some of you out there find that amusing.
Let's see.
So as far as actual games I was playing, speaking of Xbox, I downloaded Astro Pop in the Xbox Live Arcade.
I'm a little bit over the love affair with PopCap-style games, and Astro Pop was a game I really liked an awful lot back when it was called Magical Drop.
Yeah.
I played Astro Pop a little bit on the PC, but when I played on the Xbox 360, the thrill was kind of gone after a couple rounds.
It wasn't really a long-lasting game for me.
I don't like the fact they're charging $10 for these games when gems like Geometry Wars are only $5.
I don't think I can really recommend Astro Pop unless you're really, really into the puzzle games, in which case you've probably already downloaded this and you know this game's for you.
Speaking of puzzlers, here's a game now that's worth every penny.
Tetris DS just came out for the Nintendo DS this week.
It is awesome.
I think the thing with Tetris is that we know there's been a crapload of Tetris games since Tetris on the Game Boy.
For instance, I know there was a really big one on the PlayStation, but none of the Tetris games have been very memorable.
And nothing's really matched that bar that Game Boy Tetris set.
We'll leave it to Nintendo to come back and do it again and
and make their game memorable, which they've done, I think, by inserting all these cute 8-bit retro things and, you know, with the music and all that, all these new modes.
There's just huge amounts of new modes.
The catch mode and the touch mode and the puzzle mode.
Just all this stuff to keep you busy.
And then, of course, you can take it online.
And I think the great thing about being able to play it online is that, you know, it's a real quick game that you can play online.
I kind of wish that you could play online in an unranked setting
The only way you could do that is by playing people on your friends list.
And then on the reverse side, you can't play ranked matches against your friends.
So either you play against strangers in a ranked match or friends in an unranked match.
There's really no in between.
But that's probably only my minor gripe.
Otherwise, this game is magnificent.
And if you're a puzzle fan, you must have this game.
It's a must-own game.
If you're not...
Puzzle Fan
Other games I've been playing this week.
I also picked up Metroid Prime Hunters, which is the 3D Metroid game which had the demo that was packed in with the DS initially.
Well, the game's gotten a little bit of a facelift since the demo.
I mean, obviously it's been over a year now.
And I've been playing the game.
It's got a very interesting control scheme.
You can pick from different control styles.
You don't have to use the stylus, but using the stylus kind of makes the most sense.
but what I kind of find is that you really have to find the right position for yourself to play this game or you can really hurt your arm like it really can make your arm sore to play this game I kind of found and I did not like the fact I seem to recall in the demo that the map was always on the bottom screen like you kind of got a 2D representation that's gone like you can pause the game to get a 3D map a la Descent type thing but it sucks I don't like the map at all I don't know what happened and that
That really wrecked it for me in some ways because the 3D games are kind of weird enough for me.
I'm a very map-oriented person, so I was a little unhappy with that.
It wasn't very clear also how to save your game.
A lot of the how to get into the game and stuff wasn't very clear to me.
If you like the Metroid games on GameCube, I don't see why you wouldn't like this.
I haven't tried the online mode yet, but I'm sure it's a lot of fun.
But honestly, I don't think it's really worth all the hype.
I don't think Metroid Prime Hunters is quite the game it really could have been for me.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just being a little harsh because there were just a couple things that really bugged me about it.
But I really, I can only recommend this title to you if you like the other action style games.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
That's it for our gaming weeks.
Let's move on to some news.
And, of course, the big, big news this week was Game Developers Conference, which happened over this past week, which we almost went to.
We were standing kind of next door to it, but we didn't really go.
We had to read about it on the Internet, just like you guys.
But here's a quick summary of what happened.
So, Loki, you're going to go down kind of company by company here, and we'll talk about it a little bit.
Yeah.
All right.
What's Tony talking about?
Okay, well, Sony, of course, their big thing was talking about the PlayStation 3 and the PSP and all that fun stuff.
And, you know, really, they were just kind of talking about, you know, what they're going to do as far... Well, one of the games they announced was God of War 2, which they showed the demo for it, and it looked awesome, of course.
You know, God of War just was one of the best games before the PlayStation 2, so it makes sense that they're going to make the second one.
Then, of course, they talked a little bit about the PSP and what changes are going to come to it, including both the GPS, which is coming out later this year, and also the iToy, which is going to be coming out later this year for it as well.
New web browser, of course, with improved RSS channel and Macromedia Flash, which is going to be great.
That's actually coming in the next update.
And then with the video camera, they're actually going to have a Wi-Fi connection
VideoPhone option for it as well.
So, I don't know, not quite side-talking, but pretty close.
Interesting nonetheless.
Another thing they announced, though, was that LocoRoco is coming to the PSP.
And that's kind of like another game almost similar to the Katamari, since it's a very awkward, strange Japanese game that they're bringing over here.
So,
What makes this thing as Katamari is leaving and quitting while they're ahead, so to speak.
Got to try and find something to fill that gap in the quirky game category.
Exactly.
The other thing is, of course, they were showing tech demos for the PS3.
And, of course, they had the classic ducks in there and made a big joke about that.
But it looked pretty cool.
Some of the other demos I was actually pretty interested in, they had one showing a vehicle physics demo.
and basically showed this really cool looking car get basically destroyed by a bunch of bullets and all done incredibly accurate to, you know, just physics-wise, you know, paint chipping and it's just amazing.
Anyways, another game they showed, of course, Warhawk, which is one of the ones, kind of, I think that was actually an old PlayStation game, if I remember correctly, kind of an aerial combat game, almost like Twisted Metal, but for air.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And of course they also announced that they're going to have full PlayStation 2 support for the PS3.
And all the games are going to be upscaled to the 1080p or whatever.
I don't know.
You know more about tech than I do.
Why is it, and maybe some of our listeners too, why is it that it seems like Microsoft is having such a problem with backwards compatibility?
I mean, only some things can be played.
Whereas PlayStation can do it easily.
Oh, isn't it the graphics thing?
Yes, because it has to emulate the other graphics chip, whereas this is the same graphics chip or same family of graphics chips.
That's why they can run it perfectly.
That's a bummer because I think that's a pretty big selling point for Sony.
That's too bad for Microsoft.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and, of course, just, you know, micropayments and stuff.
Basically, if it's on Xbox Live, you're going to probably see it on there.
Yeah, the advantages to launching your console a year after one of your biggest competitors is that you can basically copy everything that they did, and that sounds like what they're doing with their setup.
The other thing that they were doing with it a little bit differently, one, they're not going to be a central server for the games, but all the other companies are going to be running their external servers, but this one you'll log into and it'll be kind of like an...
Thanks for watching!
Purchasing games?
Possibility?
and so on.
Thanks for watching!
I don't know, and I honestly don't remember a lot about the launches of PlayStation 2 and PlayStation because I was more following that stuff casually because we weren't doing this back then.
But, you know, I noticed that when consoles first come out, the games are never as graphically powerful as they can be towards the end of the console's run.
So to say the games look better than Xbox 360, well, for now, right?
I mean, couldn't Xbox 360 come out with a more graphically enhanced game later in its life?
Yeah, but I don't know if it has the processing power, I think.
We'll see.
Finally, the last thing they kind of touched on, which is interesting, is SingStar, which, for those who might not know, it's actually a karaoke game that's really popular in the UK.
They're bringing it over here.
It's going to be on NextGen, which I don't know how you can really improve a singing game that much, but it should be interesting.
I'm kind of surprised with Karaoke Revolution's success.
It's kind of odd that
God of War 2 PlayStation 2
Okay, well, it sounds like Sony's got a lot on their plate there, so very cool.
What about Nintendo?
Nintendo definitely... We were all hoping they would be talking about the revolution, and...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and so on.
Zelda The Phantom Hourglass
and of course we'd be using the touchscreen for a bunch of different puzzles as well as kind of like, I don't know if you remember the old Batman Returns movie or whatever, but where Batman actually programmed into his bat-ring where it would fly.
Well, it's kind of a similar thing with the boomerang.
You draw a path for the boomerang and it will fly with that.
Just really cool, kind of combining the look of
Zelda, Wind Waker, and some of the Minish Cap stuff.
You know, I don't think I should really be surprised.
I noticed a lot of people were really surprised.
Like, OMG, a Zelda game on the DS.
But at the same time, it kind of seems pretty logical, doesn't it?
Like, my reaction to that when I read the news was like, Oh yeah, it is about time for a Zelda game on the DS.
We haven't really had one yet.
Like, that was kind of my reaction to the news.
I was like, oh yeah, I wonder when they are going to be doing that.
So it was kind of cool to see, though, and see...
That they're going to go with the Wind Waker style look for the DS game.
Kind of should be interesting.
I do not think that is cool at all.
Really?
Just because you don't like the Wind Waker look?
I didn't like... I thought that it was... I never did like that type of art style.
I thought that it looked very poorly done.
I didn't think... It was like trying to be stylistic, but it looked really...
Just like a five-year-old drew it.
For me, it's the kind of look that should have been on the DS and only on the DS.
It kind of should have been the portable look and not the GameCube one.
I think it shouldn't have been a look at all.
Well, I have to agree to disagree on that one.
Anything else interesting?
Yeah, some of the other things, they were talking about creating a video game version of Apple's iTunes, but for video games, kind of like a service for that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think only kind of further proves this theory that you're going to have to pay for this because I don't see them signing these agreements to make it all free.
So I think you are going to see something very similar.
The iTunes store where you pay like a dollar to play the game, maybe a dollar fifty to maybe even up to five dollars for some of the titles when we start getting into later generations.
Who knows?
Of course, that's all estimates.
I mean, who knows?
Maybe you get a couple of them for free.
I mean, just to kind of show how it works.
Like, you know, iTunes does a free song once in a while, so maybe they would do something like that.
But, you know, I think for most of it, you're going to have to pay for the good stuff.
But, you know, to some people, it's going to be worth it.
It's a way of legalizing the ROM thing.
Like, I'm sure the industry's been wanting forever to kind of squelch the ROM scene that goes on underground on the Internet.
So maybe this is their way to do it and kind of...
I don't know, sort of show that there is a legal outlet for this, and if they wanted to maybe take legal action against ROM stuff, I don't know.
I'm theorizing here.
I don't know.
The other thing I was interested in is, of course, everyone's thinking, okay, they're going to drop the bomb on some big The Revolution being VR type thing.
That's been the rumor.
Everyone's thinking that.
Of course, that didn't happen.
Well, that's because they're waiting for E3.
And he said, I've got, you know, this is going to be, there's still another major announcement.
You're still convinced on the stereoscopic 3D thing, aren't you?
I'm still convinced.
I know it's out there.
And there was actually a thing on, was it Holo Projection?
There was another device that they were showing.
I don't remember where I read that on.
Not necessarily for Nintendo, but for something else.
I know technology is out there.
I know it's going to happen.
You knew they weren't going to say anything at GDC.
Here's the thing.
The whole theme of it is disrupting gaming.
Disruptive gaming is what it is called.
It's basically a technique where you make a big splash in the water.
That's basically the way it works.
And
What's gonna happen at E3, you're gonna get a lot of information that you haven't heard yet, and it's just gonna be like,
Wow, it's kind of like, you know, just finishing off somebody, you know, real quick, you know, the one-two punch and then... Well, the companies are doing that so that they can't steal from each other, essentially, so that Nintendo, when they announce this at E3, it'll be too late for Sony to copy it in time for their launch.
And same thing with whatever bomb Sony ends up dropping, same thing for Nintendo and Microsoft.
That puts Microsoft in kind of a funky position, not, I mean, but they could have secrets too that they're going to unveil at E3, you know, so...
But at E3, you've got the world media there.
I mean, GDC, while it's important, doesn't quite have that same attention factor that E3 does.
You know what I mean?
I mean, media people from around the world go to E3.
Everybody is watching.
GDC, the hardcore gamers are watching.
So, I'm still confident because we haven't heard no yet.
So...
I'm confident that, you know, there's got to be more to it.
Because we haven't seen really any of the demos yet.
I don't know.
I think it's going to happen.
We'll say six weeks until you find out.
Six weeks.
And basically, of course, the big theme, which everybody, you know, you've got to love.
Iwata's theme is basically, video games are meant to be just one thing.
Fun.
Fun for everybody.
Well, let's hope he means it.
But, you know, based on Nintendo's track record, they're pretty good about keeping it with the funds.
Moving on, Microsoft.
Now, Microsoft's in the position where they already have a system out there, so what kind of stuff were they pushing at GDC?
They were talking, of course, about, you know, Xbox Live Arcade and, like, kind of the stuff that's coming out for that.
And just basically, you know, concentrating on Xbox Live, they released basically a framework for anybody to be able to kind of build a back-end to...
The other thing that they were talking about Some of the downloads coming out for some of the Microsoft first party games Like Project Gotham, you're going to see more cars, more tracks Cameo, you're going to see co-op play over live As well as more outfits Actually they were already talking about Perfect Dark Which is going to have more multiplayer maps in Oblivion
which I thought was interesting and the first pack is going to be a horse armor pack ok interesting yeah and also of course talking about the games coming out you know Street Fighter 2 was it Hoop World I think is one of the big ones coming out and there is going to be one of the first games using the Unreal 3 engines actually going to be hitting Xbox Live which I thought was interesting very cool oh and the webcam of course oh right
One of the things, of course, we've kind of talked about the webcam a little bit before.
Basically, you know, something that looks kind of like a webcam or eye toy.
What's interesting, though, is it's going to have gesture recognition.
So I guess the camera is going to... So like if I stick up my middle finger at the game, it'll know, and it'll go, that's not nice.
Well, I'm not sure exactly what that is, but... Gesture recognition.
But I guess, you know...
If you're frowning or something, I don't know.
Maybe if that way... If I moon the camera while my Xbox go, Oh, God!
Maybe if they eventually port over World of Warcraft to the 360, you'll see if you look suicidal so they can call the authorities.
Wait a minute, though.
They said not going to happen on World of Warcraft on Xbox 360.
Yeah, and here's why.
But see, Blizzard said it's not going to happen based on the framework that they have right now.
It doesn't make it easy for them to do it.
But now that they've done this and kind of changed, you know,
The way live works, it could happen.
Or it might happen.
I really don't care, but yeah.
Comment from the chatroom, Rainy, again.
Sky, what if you're aroused?
Would it sense that and then call somebody to come over?
No, I'm just teasing.
Special help.
I like the emo sensor comment.
what I do like about it though is it will be able to take high def still pictures which is pretty cool so 1280 by 980 1.3 megapixels would we be able to take a webcam like that put it in here and like broadcast over Xbox Live in a way yes now that might be kind of trippy I'll check that out it says smooth near DV quality video up to VGA 640 by 480 at 30 frames per second so in a sense we could probably do that
Which would be interesting.
Then digital zoom cropping.
It's also going to have a 9-foot USB cable, which is awesome.
Because I hate having to strap more USB cables to it.
Alright, sounds very cool.
Lots of good stuff there coming out of Game Developers Conference.
Lots more in six weeks at E3.
Like I said, I think I said this last week on the show, GDC is kind of like that tease.
Here's a little taste.
Here's a little bit of crack.
We'll give you some more when you come back in six weeks for E3.
So,
Alright, let's move on and get into some other news.
There was lots of other news that happened at GDC and kind of around GDC, so let's get into some of that.
Last week I was talking about Final Fantasy XI and there's a lot of expansions coming to that.
Oh yeah, I didn't even mention during my gaming week, I'm at level 12 on my new character on Final Fantasy XI.
Addict.
Thank you.
I was waiting for that.
Alright, let's see.
Square Enix revealed a little bit of its new Chocobo circuit feature.
And basically the way that you raise your bird in the game will determine its size and its shape and ultimately the stats.
So I think that's awesome because I want to have a fat Chocobo because fat Chocobo is the best.
Yes, it was.
Smells like chocobo, remember?
All right, so I want a fat chocobo.
By introducing your chocobo to somebody else's bird, if they're compatible and of the opposite sex, you might be able to breed more chocobos.
No gay chocobo love in here.
Well, I mean, you know, I think the fallback for that is that, you know, you can't make babies in a homosexual relationship, not without test tubes and things that don't exist in the Final Fantasy world.
And donors, yeah.
Let's see.
There's still things that are not answered yet.
Where are you going to keep the chocobo?
Will it be in the mog house maybe?
How often can you do the breeding?
Can you sell the chocobos?
Can you trade them?
Are you going to be able to ride your own chocobo around the world?
Can you eat them?
Can you spank them when they're naughty?
My chocobo was an old tea bunny.
Can you cook them and eat them?
How rude.
That would be awesome.
We didn't have Kentucky Fried Chocobo.
Can the chocobos attack the bunnies?
Once and for all, let's get rid of all those damn bunnies, like the uber bunnies in Buribumu or whatever that land is where the level 70 bunnies are.
Do you have to take your chocobo for a walk and do you have to clean up after it?
Is there a law?
Is chocobo poo used as a flame agent when you're making stuff?
No.
The Chocobo Circuit is not going to go live until later this year.
It's going to be a patch that rolls out in the fall.
However, you'll have a good four months or so to breed because the expansion will do that.
The Circuit, that's just the racing, of course, right?
Right, that's the racing, a la Final Fantasy VII, which people have been begging for years.
That's going to breathe a lot of life back into Final Fantasy XI, I think.
I noticed the game is emptier now than it was six months ago.
You know what?
I still like the Peko Peko versus the Chocobo.
Pimp my Chocobo?
Because the Peko Peko looks like a giant turkey.
We've got to bling out this Chocobo.
We're going to put an all bass sound system up its ass.
You Final Fantasy people and your Chocobos.
All right.
Look.
All we need is if they do a third expansion, then we need Pimp My Moogle, Pimp My Mog House.
I mean, you can kind of do the Mog House.
You can already Pimp Your Mog House.
Yeah, but it sucks.
I mean, there's not a lot you do with it.
I had a plant in my Mog House in a bed.
There's not really a lot you do with the Mog House, but everybody's Moogle looks the same.
I want a fat Chocobo and I want a fat Moogle.
I want my Moogle to dance.
I want Mogdance.
Exactly.
And we need a dancer.
We need that to be a character.
We have dancers in Ragnarok.
Oh, shush.
Somebody in game the other day was trying to sell me up and down that Geomancer is this unannounced fourth character that's going to be in the expansion.
I'm kind of like, dude, I think they would have announced it by now.
I don't know.
Take that with a grain of salt.
Let's see.
Comments from the chat room.
Fireboma says it would actually be more like a Valis fried chocobo, not Kentucky fried chocobo, just so you know.
That came from VGCats, Kentucky Faraga chocobo.
Rainy says, can the fucking chocobo fly a la Final Fantasy IX?
Even in the older Final Fantasies, if you had a black chocobo, it could fly.
Thoughts there?
Chocobo's like an ostrich, it can't fly.
Well, Spiritsnare says, if a chocobo ate a chicken, would that be considered cannibalism?
I don't know.
Anyway, let's go to the next story, which is also Final Fantasy XI related.
Correct, Loki?
That's correct.
If you've been playing the Final Fantasy XI beta on the 360, well, you've got about until April 2nd before you've got to pony up the cash.
Because Final Fantasy XI is actually coming out on the 17th, which is pretty cool.
Both the expansion and...
The 360 version.
So if you own the PlayStation 2 one, you can get the expansion.
I think the PC expansion comes out around the same time.
However, though, if you have been playing in the beta for the 360, you can transfer your character over.
So all that hard work is for naught.
I don't know if I want to get Final Fantasy XI on the 360 anymore because I just I got a little bit of a bonus at work so I went and I bought some more RAM for the PC and so now I have two gigs of RAM in this PC and Final Fantasy XI I don't have frame rate issues anymore so it's kind of nice and plus editing this show will go so much faster now which makes me happy so we'll see there's still something to be said though about being able to plop my fat ass on the couch and playing with the controller and everything in my lap laying back
The only thing you really do, if you are going to go out and buy the 360 version of Final Fantasy XI, please pick up a mouse and keyboard.
Yes, I agree.
It's impossible to party without it.
I mean, I shouldn't say it's not impossible, but everybody will hate you.
Thank you for watching!
and you can only chat via, you know, your friends.
Oh, via the in-game chat, or the, I'm sorry, in, like, the Xbox 360 global chat thing, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
But still, though, I mean, that's pretty cool.
I mean... I guess.
That's true.
If I had friends in Link Shell that also had 360, I suppose that might be cool for a little bit.
Because Final Fantasy XI is usually a social thing anyway.
I'll go, that's how I kind of figure, I have some friends online that I pretty much only see there.
I don't talk to them on AOL Instant Messenger, so... Anyway, let's move over to another MMO.
DarkSakura
is a blogger, a big gamer in Japan, and he also thinks that World of Warcraft offers lots of business lessons for how to make companies work better.
Basically, his idea with this, the point was that employers do better, they need to make sure that they keep their employees happy by being respectful to them and encouraging them to work together to find their common goals without the leaders just pointing out the rules.
by giving their people unpleasant tasks and raids and pointing out, you know, you do this, we've got something for you, just do it how you need to do it.
That's interesting because those endgame guilds and stuff can really be like a job sometimes.
Not that I've been addicted to the game enough to actually get into one, but I've heard about that, you know, there's like expectations that sound like harsher expectations at my job.
Like, you know, in these endgame guilds you must show up on certain nights a week and you have to perform these functions and you will be doing this in the raid or you're kicked out of the guild.
You're fired.
What he's saying is that with the nature of the game, because it forces people to work together to reach your goals, that it parallels how you need in your business to work together to reach your goals.
Touches so many other people's job that if we don't work together, it won't get done.
So there's a lot of parallels with that.
And, you know, this guy is really successful.
He's considered to be a very good leader in business.
You know, there's got to be something to it.
I think that.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
For example, I learned a lot.
You actually learned a little bit about business and marketing in Ragnarok.
Yeah.
Because this was my thing.
I played a merchant for a long time in Ragnarok Online.
I would take my warps to Komodo, go buy my Iron Arrows at my discount, go back and sell them for three times the price.
But I also had to, when I figured in that price, I would figure in how much does it cost for me to warp there,
How much is it going to be?
What is my profit margin going to be?
Yeah, you learn a lot.
In Final Fantasy XI, it was the same thing with auction house versus NPCs.
You learn a lot about supply and demand.
And one money-making trick, I'll go ahead and spill it.
I don't care.
I don't think anybody's going to copy me, but we'll see.
One money-making trick I've been using right now is that I notice is very similar.
If you go to a certain NPC, you can buy a certain piece of armor for about 1,000 gil.
It sells to the auction house for 8,000 gil.
So you can kind of buy it there.
And some people go, oh, that's wrong, that's wrong.
But at the same time, well, okay.
That's the real world.
They could go.
Yeah, in a way, that's the real world.
That's how business works.
When you buy a game, an imported Japanese game...
You're paying extra because they brought it in for you.
It's fascinating to me.
Here's how it works.
Okay, for example, soda, a fountain drink.
Okay.
When you buy a fountain drink, do you know how much the syrup you use costs?
Like three cents.
Three cents.
Do you know how much you're paying for your soda?
About two dollars.
At the movie theater?
A lot.
A lot.
That's how they make all their money.
Or even at a restaurant.
But it's the same thing.
I was actually selling the arrows for as much as a person would normally buy them in-game.
You know, if they took the time to go to Komodo to buy it.
but instead I bring it to them, charge them the same price, they think they're getting the better end of the deal when in fact I'm making double profit.
Because merchants have discounts.
See, if MMOs had been around when I was learning economy in high school, I would have done so much better.
You know what we did in my economics class?
We played the stock market.
I don't even remember my economics class.
I remember sleeping.
We invested in Intel and a morgue.
I cheated.
I would...
I was friends with this girl, we were both kind of outcasts, we were nerdy kids I was friends with this girl in economics class, we just kind of talked the whole way through I picked a funeral home, because people are dying to get in
Boo!
Boo!
No, no, no, that was my logic.
And my classmates agreed with me.
And that was actually one of our faster moving stocks.
I bought a stock that, or we played the stock exchange thing too, and I spent all my money on a stock that was 1.64th of a cent, and it doubled in price.
And so I made twice my money.
Good job.
Alright, moving on from economics lessons, let's learn about legal lessons, also can be learned in World of Warcraft.
Basically what's going on is that Blizzard asked this guy on eBay to stop selling this unofficial guide.
The guy that was selling the guide was a 24-year-old Brian Kopp of Bronson, Florida.
He was selling the Ultimate World of Warcraft Leveling and Gold Guide on eBay.
and it was basically his own guy that he put together.
Well, it was unauthorized, so Blizzard basically sent the smackdown.
They filed a complaint and it alleges... They're basically saying to this kid, don't do this.
Well, he's not taking this...
and DarkSakura.com.
and this guy's really standing up for himself.
What do you think, though?
Good for him.
But do you think, I mean, while it's human nature we want to cheer the underdog on, is it right for him to be selling these unauthorized guides on eBay?
I don't think that it was right for him to necessarily use the screenshots because the only time that you can really use, and I recently looked this up due to me winning an argument on DDR Freak.
Fair use, you have to... Just to go ahead and give a slight overview to it, you have to either edit the picture to some extent, or you can use copyrighted material like reproduction for news for education.
But this, I wouldn't necessarily qualify as under education.
It more qualifies under entertainment.
If he were...
Doing, like say he was writing an editorial on World of Warcraft Then yeah, he'd be able to use quotes from the game He'd be able to use screenshots Because that falls under fair use So I think that's probably where the judge is going to have to make the determination Is what does this qualify as I think he would be able to continue with his work But he couldn't use the screenshots Especially that in particular Because basically it just sounds like he's written an overblown FAQ Essentially And so, you know, if Blizzard was going to have a problem with that They would have been shutting down all the FAQs up on GameFAQs
Right, no, I think their problem is, well, GameFAQs doesn't, well, I mean, I guess that's wrong.
GameFAQs does make money off their advertising and stuff, but it's a little bit of a, you know, they walk a fine line, too, because they're really not making money off the games.
The information they present is owned by the people who presented it.
Right, right.
They just host it.
Yeah.
Therefore, they're not claiming ownership to the material within, they're not claiming, they did not produce any of the information.
It was individual people that produced the information, so they're perfectly fine.
Hmm.
Very interesting.
Another life lesson to be learned here.
So I guess we'll see what happens.
At least, you know, whoever's right or wrong, we don't know really.
But, you know, I think it's good that this guy is sticking up for himself and, you know, what he believes in and is going to fight this and doesn't, you know, just take it like I think a lot of people would.
So good for him.
And best of luck to him.
We'll see what happens.
We'll follow this story and let you know what happens.
Moving on, let's go over to Loki.
Very interesting punishment in another MMO that I had never heard about until this week, right?
Yes.
You know, I always thought, what's my MMO missing?
And that would be Crucifixion.
Definitely Crucifixion.
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
That's historically accurate though.
Did you see the pictures?
There were actually pictures on the internet of this.
They actually showed the guy and all these people in game standing around the cross and there's this sad little man on there just kind of hanging there and everybody's just kind of talking about it.
I think that there's of course a definite potential there for people to get their panties all in a bunch and go, oh, that's sacrilegious.
Well, but you're playing a historically... It's historically accurate!
You're going to play an MMO that's historically accurate and that kind of, if I'm not mistaken, this game kind of, it's big marketing niche is that, you know, be in the historically accurate Roman times, right?
We're going to be historically accurate, but we're going to leave out how they kill people.
No, I don't think they're going to do it.
Obviously, they're not.
I think that we're going to get the, oh, you have to get out of the game, blah, blah, blah.
No, people would be stupid to get their panties in a bunch over this.
But people are stupid.
If you want to play an online game that's cute and play something on the DS that's very colorful and friendly, don't play...
Emulation of Ancient Rome.
I mean, come on.
What I mean is there are these people there who are just that stupid who are going to say something about it.
There we go.
There's a shot.
There we go.
That is so neat.
It's just kind of... Well, no.
I think it's... I love studying history.
Death, the MMO
That would be so... You want Faces of Death, the MMO, or something that's disgusting.
No, no, no, no, no.
I want, like... I have my MMO.
Comments from the chatroom.
Legend of Zaku says, The passion of the MMORPG.
A little play on something else.
I love the screenshots here.
This one's like, Vondum says, No throwing dung.
It's too expensive.
Use apples.
They are cheaper.
All right.
Let's go to another story.
And...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hey guys, the podcast has been keeping my sanity from Wednesday to Friday as I made my way to and from jury duty.
Anywho... Poor bastard, I'm sorry.
The purpose of this email is to clarify the Tetris issue.
From what I remember, Bulletproof Software owned the rights to Tetris after Nintendo released it for the NES.
The Tengen Virtus, which is the best version in my humble opinion, was illegally obtained through and through lawsuits Nintendo won.
The Tengen version was deemed illegal and to this day is...
blah blah is considered a pretty penny if you can get your hands on it which I got mine like for $12 you know what I disagree on Tengen Tetris being this like I think it's a little bit overrated just because it is such a collector's item I don't think it's as great as people say it is Tengen Tetris had co-op mode it did but you know I just it's still I'm reading this letter alright I'm fine sorry and I'm interjecting my opinion that's what I do here
After that, the rights went to another company called Blue Planet Software and they were responsible for PC ports and licensing for a while and then it became the Tetris company.
And from what I know now, Nintendo licenses Tetris and any variants from them now.
I hope that clears things up somewhat.
That absolutely clears things up.
And he also agrees with Loki about Datel.
That their products are shit.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We have another email from Roger.
So just wanted to drop a note for a periodic listener.
I'm very glad you guys switched to the 64 KBPS stream format.
It's so much easier on the ears now.
I also like that you've added a bit more variety to the mix and really hope you don't stray too far from your Bimani roots.
On the other hand, I got such a kick out of hearing Pac-Man Fever the other day.
I still have the LP of that laying around somewhere.
Yes, we have little bits of randomness in our live 24-hour station that plays the music when we're not doing anything live.
And I must say that it's been buffed up now with even more video game music.
But of course, we will not stray from the Bomani roots.
In fact, we have Beatmania 2DX 13th style, also really the real name is Beatmania 2DX Distorted.
We have MP3s from that.
We're going to be putting some of those in rotation this week.
So some new stuff.
There's a new rendition of Bloody Tears.
That's pretty cool.
It's really different.
Don't expect it to sound like what you know, but anyway.
I got another email from Sycoon.
It's pretty long, so just to go over.
TetrisDS, conclusion, sexy.
You covered all of them.
Agreed.
My only complaint, though extremely minor, is that in online Wi-Fi play, the blocks the players get will be different, so you might get stuck with a crappy setup.
Another person will breeze through their blocks.
I did notice that too, is that the block order is not consistent, which I think is a bit of a disadvantage.
But it's also not the end of the world.
And you know what I hate about online multiplayer and Tetris is that goddamn banana.
Oh, that's the most frustrating.
It's like Shuffle and Tetris.
Oh, it's the most frustrating item.
Another one about DDR Supernova.
About Chaos.
Counted no less than 43 stops on that song.
Okay.
You know what?
It's one song out of, like, what, 200?
So I'm not going to bitch too much, but don't expect me to play this song.
Once you learn it, it's going to be easy.
The problem with that song is it's going to get whored out because everybody's going to learn it to show off to the parents and kids at the arcade.
I promise you right now I will not learn how to play it.
All right.
Thank you.
At least someone won't.
I won't either.
I will boycott that song.
I'm with you.
Let's boycott chaos.
Boycott chaos.
We're on.
And I'll make an edit to it.
We'll play Toxic over and over.
No, just kidding.
Also a question for us about the controller.
Wondering if the controllers are basically going to be switchable.
Oh, for Beat Media?
Yes, they will.
The only difference is the rounded edge on the turntable side, but it's still flippable, just like the old one.
We also have an email from David.
He says, Hey guys, I think the shows are great.
I love the new format, and I listen to you every week.
I think it would be great, though, if you could talk about some LucasArts games.
Also, are you sure that Sony is actually redesigning the PSP?
I read an article on Slashdot that said the camera would only be an accessory.
Would the games that come out after the new PSP come out still work on the old PSP?
The camera is an accessory.
It's plugged into the USB port in the top.
However, they are still looking at redesigning the PSP to be released later in the fall.
So... How Nintendo does it, why can't Sony, right?
It's both.
So, I mean...
I guess that's good.
I don't pay for that.
I don't know.
Well, my friend was a tester for that game.
That's how I got on the Skywalker Ranch.
Isn't this guy talking about, I'm thinking like Loom and stuff.
Dude, I love Loom.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
Loom was my favorite.
To be honest, there aren't that many LucasArts games coming out now.
Star Wars Empire at War just came out, and that one looks really cool.
I'm not really into too much of the RTS stuff on the PC anymore.
I like Battlefront 2, I thought that was pretty cool.
The problem is they only release one game a year, basically.
See, when this guy said LucasArts game, my mind instantly went to the old school stuff.
I wasn't even thinking Knights of the Old Republic, okay?
I'm thinking Indiana Jones, I'm thinking Maniac Mansion.
No, I'm thinking of the new things, just because my friend, when she worked for LucasArts, all I kept hearing her call it was Scrotor.
and actually we did get to go to the Skywalker Ranch while she was testing and I was in meatloaf-licking distance of George Lucas.
It was pretty cool.
We walked through the cafeteria.
PKAkira88 says Super Star Wars, which I would agree is one of my favorite Star Wars games of all time.
Rock.
I love the debug mode where you can just like breeze through the game.
All right, there's your LucasArts content.
Just think about that.
The LucasArts, what is it?
The Star Wars on the Revolution.
That would be sweet.
It will.
Okay.
Twist wrote in about female characters in games.
We got quite a response to that little bit last week, didn't we?
Yeah.
It was a pretty long one.
He's one of the SoCal players and played in Vegas, too.
Okay.
So go ahead.
I want to read through this one little part.
On the subject of men who use female characters, I only use and look for the female character in almost any game.
It's a habit.
I use Julia in Tekken, Shang-Hua or Sung-Min in Soul Calibur 3, Pink Yoshi in Melee.
And Diablo 2 plays a sorceress.
And Street Fighter 3rd Strike Chun-Li is a top character that kicks ass.
She is a character I use myself while playing any Street Fighter game.
I believe...
She is a top character in most Street Fighter games.
Nina in Tekken 5 is a top character as well, so Fatiha in Soul Calibur 3.
Even Peach is a top character in Melee.
So people who talk down on female characters are ignorant gamers or sexist, which is why I like to play people like that.
Knock some sense into them.
I am completely straight male, by the way.
This is exactly why I'm going to play Rumble vs. XX.
For the awesome, strong, female main character.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, gotcha.
One more little thing about...
Oh yeah, go ahead.
There's also many girls who play in these big tournaments that I go to.
This one female gamer in the Tekken community is top three in her state.
And the show is great, by the way.
I love it.
I would love to take on DarkSakura in Tekken.
Any of them.
Julia or Michelle Holloway.
Thing is, I play Julia.
And I also play Jin and Hwoarang, so it's on.
As soon as we get Tekken online.
I agree with this letter, except for the fact that Ivy will whoop Sofitia's butt any day.
Thank you.
Ivy is...
Badass, I love her.
It's still crazy though, just because as far as the Soul Calibur series, if anyone can play Valdo, oh my god, it's over.
I have, no, it's the freaking hardest character to learn and like easily the most hardcore, so.
You know, you explore your horizons a little bit, play some of the male characters, you may be surprised, but you know, at the same time.
I've also got another one on the same line from Macman.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I picked Jin at first because I was a big Kazuya fan.
And now I'm just like, ooh, it's Jin.
He's so cool.
It really depends on the game I'm playing, honestly.
I don't necessarily gravitate towards the female characters, but I agree that Soul Calibur, Ivy's where it's at.
But Tekken, I don't know.
I was a bit more of a Huarong fan than I was Julia, so who knows.
Huarong looked like a guy I dated in high school.
Seriously.
Anyway.
Okay, anyway.
Um...
Also our friend Rob with two B's emailed us with something about Stay Alive.
So I'll go ahead and read his letter.
It's filmed very well.
Dialogue is okay.
The plot is pretty good.
Unfortunately, I was the only one in the theater who didn't think it was scary.
So I was in the minority.
But if you ever played a survival horror, this was tame.
And in fact, I think it's PG-13 because all violence was off camera.
On the negative, Frank Venus is still playing a Malcolm-like character when actor was sort of non-existent and another was just awful.
The sound editors know nothing about current computer games because the Internet Cafe had an Atari 2600 Donkey Kong sound in the background.
It's always that or Atari 2600 Pac-Man sounds in the background.
When will they ever get it right?
Could that be a licensing thing, though?
Humor me here for a minute.
Could that be maybe that they can't use sounds from current games because then they have to get permission?
I don't know.
Just a thought.
Random thought.
Let me put it this way, though.
You could seriously do just the sound effects of an arcade.
Remember Terminator 2?
That would be at least more current than... To go ahead and finish this...
The writer obviously does video games at least, however, it was a very big ad for Alienware.
It was worth a matinee at least.
Maybe I'll put it in the Netflix queue.
That's about the most that movie's going to get from me.
Alright, is that it for the mailbag?
That's it.
Let's close up the old mailbag and move on to more stories.
If you are a PlayStation 1 devotee, well...
It's over for you.
Not really.
What I'm trying to say is that the PlayStation consoles, the PS1s, are no longer going to be made.
Sony has stopped all production of the original PlayStation console.
Because, of course, now they need to start focusing their efforts on putting out the PlayStation 3.
They haven't made games for the PlayStation 1 in, like, years.
I think there was actually a release.
No, that was Dreamcast.
Yeah, but those are, like, little indie things.
No major release in a long time.
I thought they stopped production of the PlayStation 1 when, like, the PlayStation 2 came out.
You know what, though?
For folks that can't afford PS2s, PS1's a nice alternative, right?
You don't even want to see the stack of them sitting in our game room.
Yeah, so, you know...
DarkSakura.com
Oh yeah, there's a speculated name coming out.
Basically, a blog called Engadget got a hold of a photograph from a slide at a Nintendo presentation.
It was a blue cube looking thing formed out of the posing D-pads that was hovering over a name that said Nintendo Go.
Later on they got a photo that looked like a brochure that had the same name on it.
But Iwata hasn't said anything to support that.
They said they were supposed to announce the real name and never did.
N64 was supposed to be a codename for the Nintendo 64 but it came out as the Nintendo 64.
So they've done things like this before.
Their codenames have made it as official names.
Namo Web Editor 5
Exactly the same logo as the Nintendo Go.
I think they're on their fifth handheld system, too, whenever the next one comes out.
I think the most creative explanation I read somewhere on the internet on some feedback thread was that Nintendo Go sounds like a good gaming online thing, because if you think GO, gaming online, maybe that's the name of their online system.
That could be a definite possibility.
That's all speculation at this time, though.
Exactly.
I just still have this mental image, though, from...
The first few episodes of Red Dwarf were... No, not Red Dwarf.
I'm asking Red Dwarf.
From Star Trek, where everyone was addicted to the little game thing.
We're going to keep seeing more and more systems come out and they're going to be wired into our brains and we'll all be addicts.
There's also an episode of Sequest.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Let's see, moving on.
Completely different type of game here.
StarCraft Ghost.
StarCraft Ghost has been indefinitely postponed, and that's going to be a big disappointment there to StarCraft fans.
They have announced earlier this week that they are going to be focusing the company's console development efforts on the next generation of console platforms.
And so this means that...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's going to go next-gen if it's going to happen at all, which you could look at that either way as good news or bad news.
They're probably just thinking, well, hey, by the time this thing comes out, the next-gen systems are going to be launching anyways.
Might as well.
All right, let's move over to Jamie, who has a story for us on some wheeling and dealing with Sega.
Yeah, Sega is working with Obsidian to make a role-play game for the PC, the PlayStation 3, and the Xbox 360, but it doesn't have a name or a release date yet.
but we are probably going to see stuff on this at E3.
Really Sega's been doing a lot more partnerships with a bunch of different companies like Bizarre Creations, Silicon Knights, Monolith.
They've just acquired Creative Assembly.
It's a UK company.
The only thing that's really worked out, well with Creative Assembly they had the Total War series.
They had Condemned with Monolith.
But
As far as the game that's coming out, though, they say they're really excited to be working together, both companies.
There's a quote on here from Fergus Equart, I guess, CEO of Obsidian Entertainment.
They're excited to be working with a great publisher like Sega as they are willing and excited to launch new and visionary IP on next generation consoles.
I think it's very interesting all these little partnerships Sega's doing here and there.
They team up with these guys for this game.
It's kind of interesting.
That's all I can really say.
Until we see the game, all we can know is, interesting.
Well, you know I'll be ghosting around Sega's area at E3.
Of course.
Yeah, I missed them last year.
They had those big comfy chairs.
Because Universe was supposed to be out by now, Phantasy Star Universe, but now they've pushed it back.
Into the real world.
We'll see it again at E3 this year, right?
Maybe they will have fixed our complaints.
Possibly.
We'll see.
All right, let's move on.
Also in some wheeling and dealing, of course, Peter Moore is known as the big talker.
What's he talking about this week, Loki?
Next-gen sequels.
You've got to love.
To me, these are kind of like, duh.
Duh, this is going to come out.
For example, they're talking about a sequel to the Forza franchise.
Duh.
I mean, of course.
It's just like Gran Turismo on Xbox.
And then some of the other ones, they mentioned Fable.
I mean, come on.
Really?
Fable?
Getting a sequel?
I mean, gee, I didn't know the game did well or anything.
And then finally, Crimson Skies was going to be another one that was going to be getting a sequel, which is great because we need some more aerial combat games.
What about the one that just had the demo this week on Xbox?
Well, more than that.
We need more than one.
No, we don't.
Yes, we do.
That's just my opinion.
No, we don't.
Whatever, okay.
Anyways, one game that is not going to be getting a sequel is going to be Mecha Assault, because apparently Mecha Assault didn't sell very well.
That's okay, though, because Chromehounds is coming out.
That's all I need to hear.
Chromehounds and Armored Core.
All right.
Well, good job on our duh story of the week for most of that stuff.
Thank you for watching!
Best Audio, Guitar Hero, Shadow of the Colossus also won Best Character Design, Best Game Design, Best Visual Arts, and also shared honors in Innovation.
Guitar Hero also shared innovation along with Nintendogs also got an innovation nod, also winning there for Best Technology.
Psychonauts
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It's actually part of an art installation right now at a museum.
But designer Marcel Neandorfer has actually created urinals with interactive games built in and activated and controlled by streaming media.
And basically, I don't know.
To me, it's kind of stupid because streaming.
I mean, really, how long can you be playing a game when you're taking a piss?
I mean, seriously.
What if I'm pee-shy?
I mean, that puts me at a handicap.
Is it multiplayer?
Do they have a trough version of this game for those urinals that are just a big trough?
I mean, what's next?
Poo on the target?
Oh, that's disgusting.
DarkSakura, are you going to learn how to pee standing up just to play this game?
Fuck no!
Disgusting.
That's so stupid!
Only in an art show do we see something like that.
If you want to go sick and more demented game, whatever, you could get some sort of technology like that that measures the size of the crap that you take, and it puts you on a leaderboard, kind of a ranking system, so that you can see how far you fare against other crappers out there.
We already had the game Golden Tee.
This show has officially gone down the toilet, so I think it's time for us to take a little break here.
We'll be back...
After this little break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
