Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back here with Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 178.
March the 26th of 2006, a little exciting first half there, talked about Game Developers Conference.
Whole lot of news there in the first half, so if you haven't heard it yet, if this is
maybe the first episode of Orange Lounge Radio you're ever hearing, that's cool, but
remember that we distribute the podcast in two halves, so you might want to look
back in our podcast history there on iTunes or on our website.
Even on the feed itself, you can go back and retrieve the old MP3s.
Check out the first half of the show as well for a lot of news. But that doesn't
mean the news is done yet, we've got plenty more to come, including, now I thought this
rumor was already done with, Loki, Microsoft entering the portable market, I thought the
origami thing came and went, but what's happening now, Loki?
Well there's another rumor going around, this time it's brought to you by Dean Takahashi
of the Mercury News, and basically running a story that Jay Allard leading a team with
Greg Gibson, the system designer for the Xbox 360, and Brian Lee, the finance chief for
the Xbox business, and basically working on a device to, you know, combat against the
PSP which is going to do video, music, and games.
And the device is supposedly in the early stages of development and should be hitting
store shelves in 2007.
Maybe?
I don't know, there hasn't really been anything that says that.
a lot of rumors because you know it makes sense but
I don't know if it could be a bomb that they'll drop at E3
never know. Yeah
then again it's awfully close to April. Just coming off of this origami stuff within
the past couple weeks too I
take this with a huge grain of salt and a grain of pepper while you're at it I
mean this is kinda
we will see I mean
it suppose you know anybody could be secretly plotting a portable gaming
system there could there could be a secret fourth console being plotted
right now who knows I mean this is all kind of conspiracy theories in a way
the Phantom the return of the Phantom actually there was someone that was
talking about working on a console and I had to laugh oh boy all right well here's
something that's not a rumor well it was a rumor then it was a debunked rumor and
then it turned out to be true so here's the news that you know rumors sometimes
do turn out to be true, Dell did acquire Alienware earlier this week, they did announce that
they have acquired Alienware and this was after Dell came out and said they were not
looking into buying them.
What's interesting is Alienware's kind of response to this.
They say here, we believe that this acquisition will offer our customers the best of both
worlds, an Alienware that takes advantage of the world-class business practices and
operational efficiencies that have made Dell one of the most respected companies in the
world while preserving the DNA of the Alienware brand and the product strategy portfolio.
So perhaps the biggest surprise to most people will be that youíre not going to see a lot
of changes after this announcement.
Youíre not going to see Alienware logo show up on Dell products and vice versa.
Our website is not going to change and the majority of our business practices will stay
the same.
That quote coming from one of the executives, oh no, that's Alien CEO, Nelson Gonzalez,
so kind of interesting there.
Their perspective on it is like, okay, yeah, Dell bought us, but they're not going to change
this yet, although usually in buyouts, change is inevitable, but we'll see, we'll see.
Alright, let's go to another story, we're going to go over to Loki, who has a story
about Namco yes ah anyways if you're um excuse me lose my voice here um if
you're interested in some fine Namco products then you'll be surprised to
know that a club Namco has launched it's basically like an online you know shop
for Namco related goodies including t-shirts stuff toys and more whoring of
the pac-man franchise correct yes plenty plenty of whoring being done by pac-man
but they had some pretty cool stuff like you can get the pac-man and the stuff
ghosts as well as Dig Dug and Galaga t-shirts numerous pac-man t-shirts and
including a pac-man like cushion for chair cushion
anything new like Tekken? No?
I want a Pac-Man Ghostie. I actually do have a
Pac-Man plushie. Does anybody remember the Pac-Man board game?
Yes. I had this when I was a kid. It was the biggest pain in the ass to set up.
You had this big board of white marbles and a couple of yellow marbles
and like you had the giant Pac-Man things that you could actually go...
it was so lame but at the same time
Maybe this is why my parents really enjoyed when I would play this game
because, you know, it was so tedious to set up the board
that it shut me up for a little while, so who knows. Sorry, that was random.
We do that on the show, deal. Moving on, Dark Sakura likes to travel the world
from her laptop and
she likes to bring us some news for our friends overseas, like what's going on in
the UK?
There's several things going on, although some of this
also floats the international scene,
I should say. Well, usually, you know, a lot of times the news does, the stuff we
talk about here happens there, stuff that happens there
goes on over here, so it's inevitable. Well, Scott Henson of Microsoft
is basically going through considerations on how to improve the
Xbox 360 dashboard and multimedia.
Actually, this sort of stems from some of the results of the
PS3's online interface, but they basically left
the dashboard for the 360 as something that is infinitely upgradable.
Smart.
They have been talking to, taking the suggestions of those people on
Xbox Live who've been turning them in
and are trying to put more features on there
that the Xbox market will want.
Something I learned this week, when you set a picture as your background,
I'd like to be able to set different pictures for different pages
in the dashboard. So if anybody from Microsoft's listening,
That would be my suggestion, allow more customization in that aspect.
It doesn't cost me points, thank you.
Well there is a comment on here just to
quote.
You said the capability is there. There are a lot of
there are all kinds of features that have come in.
One of the top requested features is the ability to download from the marketplace in
the background, so we're looking at it and prioritizing that list of requests.
Basically didn't comment on anything in particular. They're also talking about
um... their uh... hd specifications how they want to keep it high but aren't
gonna they're gonna keep it in the level of this listeners are focusing on
okay not listeners
players right
sorry ending of our listeners but i love you all
you know there's also um... mention consideration of blue ray but i don't
know that they're necessarily going to be looking into it
Honestly, I'm tired of hearing about all the blu-ray rumors versus HD DVD and blah blah blah. Yeah
also
Something that we did touch on earlier. They're going to be Megadrive games on the revolution
to go ahead and clear things up for our u.s. Listeners in
Europe the
Genesis was called the Megadrive as it was in Japan
So we are going to be seeing
Genesis Mega Drive games on the Revolution available. They're doing, they
call it the Virtual Console, will feature NES, Super Nintendo games,
TurboGrafx, and backwards compatible GameCube through the disk drive. But Sega
is, we actually have a quote from Nalya Tsurumi, who's the CEO of Sega
America and Sega Europe. Sega's support of the Virtual Console system will
introduce more gamers to the classic Mega Drive hits and reinvigorate many
of our popular brands.
That's interesting, now why did they release it with two separate names? Why did they re-brand
at the Genesis here? Because I didn't follow, do you know? Because I didn't follow that
whole saga, this is years ago.
I don't know, it has to be part of a marketing deal or whatever, but like a, for example,
Sega CD was the Mega CD, it's just how it was.
How they did it, alright, whatever. So you Europe folks, whenever we're talking about,
you know, hooray, Sega Genesis games are compatible, just know that for you, replace Genesis with
Mega Drive, and you're good.
or SEGA does what Nintendo don't.
Oh, stop. Moving on.
Um...
Guess what game's gonna be on the DS?
Uh... Well, I already know, because I looked at the outline for tonight, but, uh...
Play along!
I don't know Dark Sakura. What game will be playable on the DS?
A gun game!
Oh, right! I like guns.
But not really.
Point Blank is gonna be out on the DS.
Uh, we'll use the stylus.
I was hoping for Wild Gunman.
No, I won't.
Or Hogan's Alley.
Gangster Town.
Alright, anyway.
from the Master System since we've been talking about Sega.
Point blank was cool too.
I really dig point blank,
but basically, instead of using the light gun,
you're gonna use the stylus, tap on the screen.
You have your arcade mode.
You have 40 different sequences
that are gonna be coming up from the arcade
in the PlayStation games.
You'll shoot clay pigeons, cardboard cutouts, aliens,
everything, little bouncing balls, Pac-Man, not really.
All right.
There's a wireless multiplayer mode that's going to work with one card,
a high score free play mode, a few others.
There's going to be a
a mode called brain massage which analyzes and offers feedback as you play.
Brain training anyone? The other is called games museum
kinda on the wording there but um...
it's basically adapted
older point blank levels.
levels. I think that's kind of an interesting concept. I'm surprised we haven't seen this
yet, or at least if it's been out, I haven't heard of it, so sorry.
Like a gun game with the stylus, it's kind of,
I'm kind of surprised it's taken us this long to get there, but... You know what I'd like to see?
A neat idea.
Is the Gun Survivor series, the Biohazard Gun Survivor series. Oh my gosh, wow.
With the stylus. You know, I actually really enjoy playing,
because when we went to Las Vegas way back when on the DDR Freak Moderators
trip,
I got to play Biohazard Gun Survivor 2.
which was the one set in the Code Veronica universe and that was cool
it was always, you controlled it with the gun
I always felt they should have a game like that on the DS where you're controlling it
and then using your
d-pad to shoot to, you know, but
no one ever listens to my suggestions in the video game industry. I had a gun con
I don't, which is
strange because I usually don't collect a lot of the accessories but I did have a
gun con, I like point blank. I have my gun con too
I actually have the upgraded gun con
because I wanted to get Vampire Knight. I never did.
Oh well. And besides that, it's all about House of the Dead.
So, there's a little bit more.
There was an announcement by Nintendo
and British Telecom saying that they're going to be over 600 Wi-Fi hotspots
for the DS and other Wi-Fi capable units.
It's a Nintendo UK and BT open zone
announced that they are going to have these hotspots open up to retailers
across the UK and Ireland. The hotspots are going to provide these retailers and
their customers with ways to use the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection service.
There's also going to be different playable demos, movies of upcoming titles,
sort of how we saw at E3 that are going to be available. Some of these items are
are going to be, um, actually some of these locations, I'm sorry,
there's the download stations located at Game, Game Station, HMV, Toys R Us,
Smith's Toys, and other different retailers across, uh,
the area. Uh, games to be initially included in downloads, Plarium, Meteos,
um, you get to meet, uh, Miyamoto's Nintendog pick.
Um, upcoming downloads in April and May, they're going to be Pokemon Link,
Trauma Center under the knife, Dr. Kalashima's brain training, how old is your brain?
Other playables, there's going to be special items for Animal Crossing, and a special Metroid
Prime Hunter's movie.
You know, I'm kind of surprised we don't see, and maybe the internet kind of kills this,
but I'm surprised we don't see DS clubs pop up at little coffee shops and things where
people could convene once a week, bring your DS and play games,
beam demos to each other, because a lot of games, like I think Meteos has in some of the other games,
you can beam a demo of the game to somebody with a DS, you know, like
just kind of like meet up and play some DS games in person, because while
Wi-Fi is cool and all, there's something to be... about having that feedback in
person of somebody going, ah, you bastard, you know,
you killed me and all that stuff. Keep in mind those demos only stay on your system as long as
as your system is not turned off.
Well that's true, but you know, I remember E3, we downloaded the Meteos demo, my buddy
Brad and I downloaded the Meteos demo, went back to the hotel that night and played all
night long.
It was awesome.
Well see, I actually downloaded Electroplankton.
I was never able to get that game, I was never ever able to get that game, like it was always
full whenever I tried to grab it.
I was playing Electroplankton in the line to get into the Playstation 3.
Oh yeah, that's cool.
But I think that, you know, it's a really cool thing, I think, that Nintendo's doing
by having all these various hotspots.
Not only is it opening more places for gamers to get the new stuff as it comes out, making
it available, it's offering more interactivity among gamers, I think.
The closest thing I've seen to this, besides, of course, those, you know, game cafes, is
I was at a coffee shop not too long ago and saw three people with a laptop playing Quake.
Also, not to say it's the very least, but we have the last segment in our UK news, which
is release date!
Alright, what kind of cool stuff is coming out for the UK folks?
On the 30th, we have Brick Em All and funny cards on the Game Boy Advance.
We have Animal Crossing coming out on the 31st.
About time!
You know, I really hope that the friend code thing works internationally because I've got a bunch of people on there
I'm going to be making room for new people. Hmm. So definitely let's play with some of our UK listeners
Also armored core 9 breaker on ps2 battle of Europe condemned criminal originals
Condemned a pretty neat game
CSI three dimensions of murder Desperados 2 far cry instincts evolution and predator
Ice Age 2, the Meltdown video game. We have Odama, Outrun 2006. Love Outrun.
Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, grab it while you can.
Resident Evil, Deadly Silence, Tales of Fantasia, which actually excites me.
That's where all our copies of Phoenix Wright went. They went over to Europe.
Also there's a tie three, Night of the Quinkan and Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon
advanced warfighter.
Very cool. Lots of stuff to look forward to over there in the UK. Lots of good stuff.
Outrun.
How about the US? What's coming up in the US?
Fun stuff, of course. Of course we've got...
Kingdom Hearts 2 and Beatmania. Yes, Kingdom Hearts 2 and Beatmania. That's on my list, yes.
We do have some other games, of course.
Far Cry Instincts Predator if you're having a 360.
Rumble Roses XX, which should be a girl-tastic, and there's also going to be full spectrum
warrior 10 hammers on Playstation 2 and Xbox.
And I believe, I want to say those are the major ones here, I'm sure I'm forgetting something.
Let me take a quick look-see here.
Oh, I'm sorry, Far Cry Instinct's Evolution, that's right, the one that's coming out, the
expansion that's coming out on the Xbox as well.
And Dicey Warriors 5, Empires.
For the 360, it's only $39.99 if you're interested.
And for your GameCube fans, Harvest Moon Magic Melody, yet another Harvest Moon game.
Cows and sheep and puppies.
I don't hear a lot about GameCube games anymore, which is kind of sad.
About two a month.
Too bad.
Now, Orange Mountains Radio started as a station dedicated to music and rhythm video games,
so of course we like to keep tabs on what's going on in that scene, because of course
a lot of our listeners that have been listening to us for the four years we've been going
expect it once in a while.
We're going to talk about music news.
So Loki, some news going on with In the Groove this week, right?
Yeah, In the Groove is having their PC beta right now.
You can actually go download it off their beta website and you can play a two song demo.
Now haven't I played this beta before when it was called StepMania?
You may have.
Just curious.
Ironically enough, I did poke around the data files on there and yep, it is StepMania.
To set this up for folks who may not know what we're talking about here, In the Groove
is a DDR-like game that came out
and it's based off a PC
simulator for DDR that's a few years old called StepMania.
They got together with the folks that made StepMania and out came In The
Groove.
But now you're saying when you poked around these files you found that...
Okay, basically the way it is set up here, they have
instead of having all your sim files and everything in there, they have a
directory of
pack files or PCK files and there's one file that's an index file for that. That
basically tells the program how to
unzip everything and extract it so you can play it. And that way you can't go and
mess around with the files because they're encrypted and
compressed. But when you look at the index file
you notice a couple things. First off you have
they actually have.sm on the
files. And the best part about this
You know how they have in StepMania when you're doing edits and stuff and it'll have
you know, your directory, your folder,
you can switch between different folders and stuff to edit songs. Well, they still left it in there
in the Integroove beta. They left
in the folder stuff so you can actually see what exactly looks exactly like the
StepMania step editor
and... Now this is an early build though, right? They may take some of this out or what?
I guess they could, but...
Or it could be a marketing tool.
Hey, make your own song.
I just hope they're not selling or planning on selling this because I don't see the point.
Well, DDR came out on the PC and a lot of people didn't see the point of that.
Yeah, but it's not based on a game that's been out there already or a program that's
been out there already that's free.
You know actually how I think that Rockstar could sell more copies of this.
Make this PC release coming up.
If they're doing this, make it into Groove 2.
it for the PC before you release it on consoles. Well, some people will buy them both, just
have them both. Well, here's the cool, I guess the cool thing about it, you can make edits
and transfer them to USB drive so you can actually go and play the arcade, you know,
your edits on the arcade. Okay. I guess that's kind of cool, but I think you can pretty much
do that anyways if you have StepMania. I think there's a way to do it, yeah, but... So, I
don't know, I'm... Okay, well, remember, remember, we are, and some of our listeners too, our
listeners that are music game-oriented, put yourself on the issue is we are a minority
of the gaming public at large. A lot of the gaming public has no idea that StepMania even
exists and when they see this on store shelves, I might be a parent buying this for my kid
going, oh, I want my kid to get fit and I don't have a console, but I have a PC. So
that's where this game's going to sell. I don't think it's going to really sell amongst
the hardcore. Let me put it this way. Same thing with DDR. I always said the exact same
thing about DDR PC. It's the only reason to have that. I mean, it's a crappy release compared
to most of the console ones. The only reason to have it is for, A, all the downloadable
characters like Mr. Spanky, and B, to have it on the PC when you don't have a console
in your house, like if you're a family that doesn't have a console in your house.
So I mean, it's just, it's very lazy to me, to be honest, if it's, I don't know, it's
just, well if you're willing to check it out, if you want to check it out, here's where
you gotta go.
Just go to www.inthegroove.com slash page slash itg underscore pc underscore mac underscore
demo underscore beta, if that's easy enough for you guys.
And you'll fill out a nice little survey and you'll download a torrent file where you can
download the actual beta.
Which might take a little bit of time because apparently the torrent speeds are pretty slow.
Mine went pretty quick, but I don't know.
I played it and immediately when I played the game, you know, I tried it out to see
if it's anything special.
It just reinforced the fact why I don't like In the Groove.
So I don't know.
Go ahead, check it out, but it's just StepMania.
That's all it is.
Alright.
Moving on, real quick note, there's really not a lot to say about this, Spider-Man 3
is coming out for the revolution, that's about all there is to say, Spider-Man 3 is coming
out for the revolution, the game, not really a big surprise seeing as usually these movie
type games tend to be released on all the consoles, right?
But now what may be a little bit of a surprise is that if you trace the big corporate structure,
Sony somewhat funds the Spider-Man franchise, so you would think it would be a PS3 exclusive,
but not really.
It's not the way it's going to go.
Where there's money to be made, they will release the games.
So that's that.
Loki, you also have another release news information?
Yeah, 99 Nights, which is another kind of Dynasty Warriors-ish game that's out in Japan
right now, is going to be coming to the US in the fall.
And that should be pretty cool.
like a pretty decent game so does that mean we'll finally get the demo one of
these days yeah well actually the demo just needs a hit on live right now
they're just offering it as like a you know what on the CD only or DVD only so
as soon as that hits on live then yeah you can actually probably play the demo
here in the States but um I don't know until then we just need more games that's
all Ron Chan says in our chat room there over to orange launch radio.com click on
chat, a note for me, if I recall correctly, Activision owns the console rights to Spider-Man.
That may be true, but who do they buy those rights from?
Moving on, we're going to get into another story here, Dark Sakura, you have another
release information.
Actually, I do, and normally I hold off, I only mention the releases that are coming
out in the following week for the UK releases, I do have one to add though that was brought
to my attention by our longtime listener Simmel who's actually listening right now at 4 a.m.
4, 5, 6 a.m.
That's hardcore.
Yeah, that is hardcore.
That Guitar Hero is actually getting a UK release on 7th of April for 50 pounds.
It's getting a lot, a lot, it still gets a lot, a lot of coverage.
Well, it's expensive here too.
You know, I'm almost...
But that comparably is more expensive than it was here.
Don't get me wrong, I think Guitar Hero is a great game, but at the same time, I'm really
starting to get sick of hearing about it all the time, and how revolutionary it is when
you kind of think...
Keep in mind, we've had it for a while, they haven't had it yet, they're...
No, I know, no, no, the mention of this makes me think about how saturated Guitar Hero is
over here right now, and don't get me wrong, it's a great game and all, but you know, it
doesn't...
It's not that revolutionary.
It's not that revolutionary to me, because we've had Guitar Freaks, we've had Frequency,
we've had Amplitude.
The only thing that kind of sold this game was the fun element of it, and the way they
kind of tied it all together.
But I'm kind of like, okay everybody, let's move on, let's get to new games.
I'm glad that it is coming out of here, because I feel like a lot of people have missed out
on it.
I really enjoy it.
Yeah, they can check it out.
We've got our second guitar now.
I know, I've seen that they sell the guitars separately, too.
They have a red one that costs like $10 more.
I bet Konami's kicking their butts right now for not releasing guitar freaks here a couple
years ago.
Should have had more faith in music games over here, Konami Japan.
Anyway, there's another game that we're going to be seeing at E3.
What's that?
Bioware is going to have some stuff out for an Xbox 360 RPG called Mass Effect.
So they're saying, it's speculated either this year or next, it's going to have players
who form bands of adventurers and go on and kick alien butt in the future, you know, go
around different planets, explore them, pillage as you roam, you know, go to different solar
systems, different places.
BioWare spoke to IGN during the Game Developers Conference and said that prior to the battles
which are going to be in real time, players can get together and make strategies, can
swap characters when the fights go on, you have your different types of characters, your
typical ones like your long short range or healer, blah blah blah.
But it looks pretty cool, I'll get some pictures of this for our people who are listening live,
we are going to be able to see it for a demo at E3 this year.
Among many, many other things at E3 this year.
We're going to be busy.
We're going to have to divvy it up between us.
There's no way we're going to hit it all.
We're going to have to get the book and sit on the floor in the lobby.
Okay, you go here, here, and here, and I'm going to be like, Sega.
I know, I know.
I'm crossing my fingers and my toes that we are going to get the media thing after all,
so we'll get to go in a little bit early.
thinking I'm pretty much going to burn that time waiting in line for Nintendo
Revolution because I know that is the first place I want to go.
Press doesn't have to wait.
No we don't.
Shit, cool.
I didn't know. Well I'm hoping, I'm crossing my fingers and my toes we get to
get to see it because I really want to share with you guys all about that and of
course we will be broadcasting from E3,
still working out some details, but you can look forward to daily podcasts just like we did last year.
I want to be able to broadcast
I told you so!
Well, the listeners might be the ones broadcasting back to you, buddy.
You better be careful.
All right, anyway, moving on to another story.
You were talking in the first half, Loki, about you've been playing Elder Scrolls IV
Oblivion.
Now, the game's already broken.
You were talking about a bug earlier where you couldn't jump in a certain point of the
game.
You stuck because you were floating on a rock or something, but what else is broken in Oblivion?
And while sometimes the load times tend to be extremely long, and this is because the
hard drive, it caches the game to the hard drive so that it loads faster and plays faster,
but sometimes it gets fragmented.
However, at least they figured out that that's possible and what they did is built in a fix
for it.
So if you do have that happen where your load times are excruciatingly long, what you need
do is actually hold down the A button when you, you know, reset the game and let it boot
up to the title screen and that's it.
So pretty simple, but at least they built in a fix for it.
Is that in the manual?
Or do you just have to kind of figure that out?
No, that's not in the manual.
Alright.
You know what?
Broken things make me angry.
I don't know about you, but broken things make me angry.
I don't like it when my games are broken.
And so that takes us to the FUs of the week.
This is the part of the show where we get a little bit angry at things, and they might
have to do with gaming, and they might not, but we're here to vent, so please listen to
us for a little bit as we get a little angsty.
Are you ready to get angsty, Dark Sakura?
Am I ever.
All right, you're gonna start us off.
My F.U. of the week goes to Tequila.
oh tequila how you make me suffer you make my stomach hurt worse than anything
in the universe ever does anything less than Patron is not worth drinking oh how
I hate thee dear tequila die not love dark sakura
all right I'm laughing because I was there that night were there you also an
F you to cheap sour mix, but mostly cheap tequila.
You know what, Jason was telling me that he's regretting not taking pictures of you passed
out because it would have been pretty funny now.
What?
He didn't get any, but he told me regret's not taking any.
What?
Okay, I...
Admit it, it would be funny in context.
To explain, I have insanely good alcohol tolerance, however, I have zero tolerance when it comes
On top of that, I think I am somewhat allergic to it because I woke up with a rash on my
neck, which I only get a rash on my neck if I have had something, if I consumed something
I am allergic to.
So I think I am allergic to tequila.
You know, we haven't done a drunk show in a while.
We have not.
You know, I was reading a negative review about this show on the internet somewhere
that says that it is very unprofessional for us to be doing a drunk show.
And I am thinking to myself, okay, the whole point of independent podcasting is to do things
That other people are too afraid to do
So the drunk shows are some of our listeners most favorite shows and we're always responsible about it
We always give disclaimers about it. So get off your high horse asshole
What I have a designated driver to pick me up always always we do it safe
So, I don't know I just had to get that that's that's another f you f you to a but you know
I actually am that but as far as my I've been I've seen you drink on the show in the one time
I got sick on the show from drinking was with that cheap tequila that was sitting on top of your refrigerator
At the old apartment that stuff was now. What was cheap?
What I was drinking that tequila, and I finished what a fourth of the bottle, and then I got really sick and ate waffles
Oh, thank you chat room chat room makes an excellent point here Gk
128 says dig nation was taped at the bar two weeks ago, and I know that
This week in tech has done shows at pubs and stuff so that guy can go
So take a fly and leap.
I was watching a show where it was a science experiment show where they had people going
out and taking them to the pub to get smashed off their butt and then go the next day and
find out what was the best hangover cure.
We always set limits, be safe about it.
I think now we have to set a date to do another one.
Just defy these negative reviews and reaffirm our independence from these corporate non-drinking
entities.
You know what, the only way for me to actually be significantly drunk on the show is if I
put down the $16 and get a couple bottles of chamet.
Well then we'll just all have to chip in and make it happen.
Well I'm good.
That is the, for the record, that is the only beer that will have me drunk in one pint.
Alright, we gotta keep moving, we gotta keep moving.
Let's get to the game segments.
Okay, your F.U. real quick.
Um, just a stupid driver, because I've seen too many people today, like,
going in the wrong direction on the road.
Well, is it like, you know, when we're at lunch? Are you sure you just weren't playing a lot of burnout? No, when we're going,
when we're at lunch, you know, the women trying to back up.
Oh, yeah, the chick that was trying to back up, yeah, yeah, that was kind of crazy.
Just, you know, I don't know.
Stupid people.
My F.U. would have to be
too, uh, having to be sober while everyone else I was with was, like,
literally everyone I was with Friday night was drunk, but I had to be sober
because it's very responsible to have a sober driver
but next time it will not be me. Mark my words, it will not be me next time.
Somebody else gets to play. Alright, that's it.
Moving on, next segment. Our next story we're gonna go over to
me and we're gonna talk about the video game voter network. We mentioned this on a
previous podcast.
Last week we were talking about the Video Game Voters Network.
It just launched.
Weíll get this, 20,000 messages were sent to U.S. Senators in just a week of this network
being up.
So you guys really took action on this really quickly and of course something we may not
have mentioned last week because it wasnít exactly clear to us at that time, but the
ESA does have a hand in this.
This is I believe the ESA kind of their response to all this stuff going on is to really mobilize
the gaming community but I stand by what I said last week it's a smart idea and
if you're sick of all this stuff you got to do something about it right just like
the kid we were talking about in the first half that was getting sued you
know if you want to make change you got to do something about it also what I
thought was interesting is that on the site now they actually have a letter
from Will Wright, Will Wright of course made many many classic games and what
he's working on that spore thing now it's supposed to be this
This is a hugely comprehensive game, this is going to be insane.
Will Wright actually posted a letter to the site there urging people to join.
So if you don't want to join Video Game Voters Network because we told you to, then consider
Will Wright's opinion for a minute, because that man's made a lot of great stuff.
All right, let's go over now to Loki, who has a story speaking of legal things.
You've got to file patents when you're going to do new stuff.
And sometimes it tells us what's coming up, right, Loki?
Yeah, well, the story that actually came out this week
about the PSP keyboard, it's actually
kind of there is a patent for a keyboard that
was going to be used via the USB port on the PSP, which
is kind of retarded when you think about it because that
would mean that the keyboard is above the monitor
when you're typing.
So that would be completely awkward.
But that was one of the things that came out, and they had kind of like a cell phone little
doohickey on there.
So I don't know if that's something that they're still working on, but this was actually I
think shown at E3 a couple years ago, I want to say, when they originally showed the PSP.
I want to say that this was one of the things that they showed, or maybe it was at one of
the shows, and they had actual pictures of it that I've seen.
But I don't think it's anything, they're probably going to change it some.
that was interesting however there was another patent though that was filed that
I thought was pretty interesting
and that would be by Take Two for Vice City Stories
the next PSP Grand Theft Auto game. Hoo-yah!
We think, right? I mean it's speculation but they have filed a
patent on this name. Well, trademark. Sorry, trademark on the name.
You can't patent a name, sorry. Even I should know that.
Alright, interesting.
Moving on, I got a story here on Windows
Vista, of course this is going to be the next XP, the next version of Windows.
Get this, if you want to be playing games on Windows Vista, they're saying that you're
going to have to have two gigs of RAM in order to play games on Windows Vista.
They're saying that 900 Meg seems to be the bare minimum to even use Word or PowerPoint.
If you want to play Halo 2 or any of that stuff, you're going to have to have two gigs
of RAM to play on Windows Vista.
I suppose a little bit of this is rumor right now, but we'll see for sure when the system
comes out.
All I can say is that I guess I'm glad I did upgrade this system to 2GB of RAM, so that
if I decide to get Windows Vista, I'll be okay and good to go.
Look, you had another quick story on the Vista, though.
Yeah, there was a rumor that the code was being reprogrammed by the Xbox team, and that
rumor was, of course, debunked.
Microsoft is saying no, that's not the case.
Take it as a rumor.
You know what's interesting? That program that I downloaded onto the
computer to allow my Xbox to get the pictures and stuff from the network for
my 360.
The program actually looks like the Xbox 360 when you launch it. Like it makes
your desktop look like the Xbox 360.
It's kind of cute that they have that consistency going on.
Interesting.
I'm really looking forward to getting my Mac now even more.
You know they do have a program for the Mac that'll let you
connect with your 360. I think it's called Connect360, I think is the name of it.
I don't think it does everything, but it'll do like the songs and stuff.
I think it costs money, though. I don't know if it's totally free.
The one thing, though, I'm going to be happy about my Mac is running virtual PC
so I can still play Ragnarok, because Ragnarok will run just fine
on virtual PC, and then run everything else that I need
Me too. I can play World of Warcraft, I can actually even do podcasting and...
Yeah, you're gonna have to get hooked up with GarageBand, the new one, it's very intricate
when it comes to podcasting. I've tried to look at what we can do for this show with
it, but yeah.
Well, I'm also going to be, start using whatever their broadcaster is for Pumped Volume, which
will be this week.
Very cool. That's one of our spin-off shows on Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Yes.
And that's Tuesday nights?
Tuesday nights.
And I do a show on Wednesday nights.
Live music.
And Extafur is coming back at some point, I think he's going to move to Thursdays though.
And who knows, we're still looking for more talent, if you want to do a live show on our
network we might be able to hook you up, that would be cool.
Speaking of Extafur, he's in the house right now, he just walked in, I guess he was on
a little bit of a road trip there, and Extafur, didn't you go to like a big deal concert this
week?
Yes I did.
First off, welcome to the show.
Thank you, and you guys are speaking of me?
Yes, your ears must have been burning.
Oh, wow.
You start sneezing a lot?
No.
When's your show coming back, your spin-off show?
I'm thinking maybe in a couple weeks.
And if you think we're politically incorrect on this show, oh my gosh, listen next for
Show Some Night.
Because he doesn't even really talk about games.
Do you ever talk about games on your show?
I can talk about video games.
Alright, well you need to talk about video games tonight.
What happened?
You got to do something video game related that myself, Logie Darkstalker, none of us
got to do.
What did you do?
Games Live, which was a concert in San Jose that they put on, and basically it's a bunch
of video game music that is live with the orchestra.
There was a choir there, and also I guess that one guy from that one show is hosting
it.
Tommy Tallarico, yeah.
I don't know all of their names, but I can say that all of the music that they played
was very beautiful.
They played pieces from World of Warcraft, there was EverQuest 2, there was Kingdom Hearts,
there was Zelda, there was Mario, there was Castlevania, apparently there was Metal Gear
Solid, which I didn't see because we came in a little bit late.
So you missed the pong.
I want to know about the pong.
They did Frogger, which wasn't that good.
I heard on Bobby Black Wolf's show when he had Tommy Tallarico on that he was saying
something about this whole Frogger setup, that they have people play live.
What did they do?
They were playing the game live and the conductor was conducting the music as they were playing
the game.
So it was like you were hearing the live music.
It was a very expensive way to play a game, I guess.
They joked about it.
Well, didn't they give somebody a laptop for winning?
They gave somebody a very nice laptop for winning at Frogger.
He wasn't even that good, but he got a very nice...
I don't know what it was called, but it's a very nice laptop.
Was it Alienware?
Is that it?
I don't know.
But it was very nice.
I have memories of Frogger.
That's just weird.
It's a cool game.
memories of being in middle school at the roller rink playing frog girl on roller skates?
Did any of it make you cry? You know it didn't. I was there with my boyfriend, he was crying
a little bit at some things. But no, they were, it was very nice and we sat like three
seats, three aisles from the front. So we had very good seats and the conductor was
funny that Tommy guy wasn't and basically you know as somebody that
doesn't play a lot of video games I really do like the music you know
because I I see it as the same as music that from motion pictures because it's
just the same thing I mean just scores you know like they are scoring a movie
and I've always liked soundtracks soundtrack music so I was I was kind of
in my, you know, own place. I was very well... I thought it was a very well-done thing that
they did.
Alright.
So, yeah.
Alright, well, thanks for that little mini-review of Video Games Live.
Yeah.
So, now, this is touring, so would you recommend our listeners go see it?
Yeah.
I think it's touring, right? It was touring, then it wasn't touring. I'm pretty sure they'll
do more shows of this, though.
Yeah, they... I think it's really cool. I think a lot of people would be interested.
If you like Halo, they did a huge thing from Halo at the end, it was a finale, and they
had the actual guy who composed the music that was there, and they also had a lot of
video game composers in the audience.
You know that you were at the show during a really big week in video gaming in San Jose,
right?
Right.
Well, apparently they had the big gaming thing in the same place as we went, but they also
I also had the composer of World of Warcraft there. He was there. So that was kind of cool.
When you do play games, that's all you ever play.
I was in my element.
Favorite song that they played all night?
I think I would say Advent Rising.
I've never played the game. I've heard that it's not that good.
I thought that the music was gorgeous.
game just has really horrible frame rate issues, so yeah.
Alright, maybe we'll have to check that out.
Yeah, it was gorgeous.
And Kingdom Hearts was very well done, too.
Did they do Simple and Clean from Kingdom Hearts?
Well, it was the theme to the first game, so yeah, it did have that Simple and Clean
theme.
Cool.
Alright.
Thank you, Xfer.
Appreciate it.
No problemo.
Alright, we're going to go over to DarkSakura every week.
She climbs the internet up and down and searches to find a great website to share with you
guys as her website of the week.
So, DarkSakura, where should the kids be pointing their Firefox browsers to this time because
if they are using Internet Explorer, they really should switch, right?
a
Really makes me giggle, but basically this is a tech
It's a a tech site, but it's not like the tech sites that
Are about you know big massive amounts of jargon?
To go ahead and put their about us page. I'll just read a little bit of this
Website for technology and you're currently surfing it. Thank you very much
This site is very much different from the other technology site for the very reason that we bring technology close to the end user
Many an end-user do not want to be bugged by big high and mighty terms and would like to understand how a certain technology works and so on and so forth.
But what we do is different. We put technology in terms that people understand.
We put it into fun casual manners so expect lots of weird examples and analogies involving toilet bowls and kitchen sinks. That's where we're different.
We do not emphasize the news. Websites like Slashdot do that. We do not emphasize on reviews. Websites like Tom's Hardware does that.
We emphasize on knowledge knowledge for the common end-user. I
Thought that was pretty cool
I kind of want to check that out that's almost like my teaching style too when I teach things
I make all these crazy analogies to real life starts in my day job. I'm a teacher for a business
so kind of interesting what impresses me is that they have an
explanation on what leet and new bar and to quote this every article in the site will have a new bow meter and it
It states how rudimentary the article is about.
For example, if the noobometer is at an extreme noob end, then the article is just perfect
for beginners.
On the other hand, if the noobometer is at an extreme leet end, the article is for more
leet users.
Warning, extreme noobness ahead.
Warning, warning.
Remember, because being a noob ain't fun.
This site instantly gets my uber kudos.
All right, website of the week, leettech1337.
Thank you, Dark Soccer.
Let's go over to Loki, who has some news regarding piracy.
Yeah, of course, no basically, I don't know, this whole thing with the 360 and the firmware
for the DVD and stuff, just, I don't know, not a really good thing, but, another interesting
thing though for those actual pirates out there who are trying to make some money by
by selling those bootleg copies, while certain developers aren't going to actually take that
lying down.
There is a story about a Russian software developer who is literally going to beat up
one of the pirates, and I thought that was kind of funny.
And basically, he spotted his software for sale legally at a market in Moscow, and basically
We got into a fight with him and now is going to take him to an actual boxing match.
Wait, so the developer is actually going to...
This is like celebrity boxing on Fox, in a way, is kind of what it reminds me of.
In the main event!
Interesting.
Yeah, so...
This will not be a fight night thing, this will be real life, right?
Fight night, round four, against the pirates.
No, I don't know.
I thought Fight Night Round R. Alright, NVIDIA is the maker of popular graphics cards out
there.
Some of you have them in your very own PCs.
Well, they announced this last week that they have a new design contract with Sony.
They're going to get more money than what they earned for creating the graphics processor
for the upcoming PlayStation 3 video game console.
This deal is going to run through 2007, but the thing is that we don't really know what
this chip is for.
Could it be possibly about the PSP2?
Who knows?
They might be bragging about the deal, but they can't talk about the details just yet,
so it could be just about anything.
So Nvidia has a deal with Sony to make something, but we don't know what.
I would likely say it's the PSP2.
Once in a while, we like to hear back from our listeners and have you guys interact with
us live on the program, and we do that using our Skype line.
So to get more information on the Skype line, all you have to do is head on over to our
website www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on interact with us and get all the details
on contacting us on Skype.
Please remember though, if you're going to call us on Skype, please call ECHO123 first
to test your connection to make sure it works.
You can also pick up the regular telephone and call us, 916-226-9067, but please keep
in mind that that may be a toll call, so please have the phone line owner's permission before
you call in.
Also, we're going to be moving the Skype line on a bit more permanent basis towards
the end of the show in response to recent feedback that our Skype line sometimes gets
a little too random.
So what we want this to be is more the end of the show kind of open forum.
So for our callers to be able to discuss basically whatever is on their mind.
There will be a more topical version of interaction that we'll announce in a later week.
So here we go.
We're going to go ahead and pick up the phone.
Take our first call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
This is Simil.
Hi, Simil.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Just a quick call, just about you actually badmassing the UK.
Wait a minute, we're getting video of you here in the studio too, that is crazy.
Look at this, we can actually see this guy who's calling in right now. I've never seen that happen on Skype before.
That's pretty cool.
That's kind of cool.
I'm looking a bit tired because it's like half five now.
It's got to be like five or six over there.
Alright, what did we do to bash on the UK? I'm sorry bud, what did we do?
Just about when Guitar Hero was...
Yeah, Guitar Hero?
I think the video may be slowing our connection there a little bit.
You had a question there in response to Guitar Hero, were we bashing on it a little bit there
or what?
Yeah, just the fact that, yeah, I'm just trying to get rid of it.
I gotta let that one go.
I'm so sorry, Simo, but we just got really, really bad feedback there, and I think people's
speakers exploded during that, so sorry about that.
You guys should not bash on the UK.
We don't!
Shame on you!
We weren't!
I made a whole segment just to read UK news, thank you.
It's probably my fault, because I was saying that Guitar Heroes was a little bit, like,
I'm a little sick of it here, but I understand, no, I understand you guys are getting it for
the first time over there in the UK, yes, you should check this game out, it's just
that I am getting sick of hearing it in the US it's it's time for us to move on
guess what what guitar hero let you call me when you've got guitar hero 2 to talk
about okay which you know we had a couple weeks ago all right let's go to
another call I'm so sorry Simmel uh let's go to another call hi you're on
Orange Lounge Radio. Hey! Hi, who's this? This is Roz. Hi Roz! Roz! Roz, what's on your mind?
Oh, I finally got my microphone working. Congratulations. Yeah. Tell Rob about your
newest piece of crack. Oh yes, advanced crack. Yeah, I got advanced crack DS at
uh, it's uh, crack, basically, yes. Advanced crack DS? Advanced crack? No, wait, is that
advanced wars yes ah what is so cool about this game it's fun as hell and I
guess hell is fun yeah and crack is advanced that's a crack is fun yeah for
some it's not regular crack it's crack what other DS games are you into Roz
Phoenix Wright you all know about my horrible Phoenix Wright addiction that's
right I remember hearing about that a couple weeks ago on the show how is
Phoenix Wright going? Have you beat it yet?
Oh, like four times.
Dang! Wow, very cool.
Weren't you the one that had to drive a long ways
to get it?
Yeah, like six hours or so.
That is hardcore, so I guess you have to beat a game
four times after that type of dedication.
Any other feedback to
stories we've been talking about tonight, Roz?
Tonight?
I came in late.
Let's see here.
Well, that's okay. You'll just have to, you know, download the podcast so you can catch up on the first half, what you missed, or you can listen to our syndication on allgames.com, because they play our show in its entirety as well, so.
Yeah, I was desperately trying to get my mic to work last week, uh, to talk about the, uh, whole girl gamers issue.
Oh, sure, we can still talk about that. What's on your mind in regards to the girl gamer issue?
Well, obviously not being a dude kind of pisses me off how, you know, the negative stereotypes
and stuff, and I don't know, I just don't know what everyone's collective deal is.
I mean, you know, it's always a big deal when people find out that I'm not a dude.
People react in such weird ways sometimes to those sorts of little revelations.
It's weird because I think MMOs make gaming more personal, Xbox Live and all that stuff
makes gaming more personal and you want to find more about the people that you're playing
the games with and people have all these preconceived notions.
We talked about this a little bit last week so I don't want to rehash the old conversation
but it's interesting nonetheless.
But I also noticed and something that was being talked about in our forums a little
bit was also that there's two extremes going on.
You have the gamer babes websites, you know, that like, oh, there's all these hot gamers
out there, and all girl gamers are really hot babes.
But then somebody posted in our forums that they're really sick of people assuming that
because they're a girl, they must be, you know, fat and ugly and have nothing else to
do but play games, which is a bunch of crap.
Sure there's fat and ugly people that play games, and sure there's beautiful people that
play games, but you know what?
Those are the two extremes, and this is what we call a bell curve.
And most people are somewhere in between, you know, most of us are just, we're average
looking.
Yeah, pretty much.
You know, I think that SSJ100 Matt actually just said it kind of best in the chat room.
You know, most people are like, oh my god, you're a girl, ASL pics please.
I get that crap on, not on the current Ragnarok that I'm playing on, because people are like,
oh, you're cool, you're not a bot, but on IRO I got it all the time.
Yeah, I moderate at a role-playing forum, and all of my characters are male, pretty much, and so when people find out that I'm not a guy, it tends to freak them out, and then I get, like, all these people pouring in on Messenger trying to, you know, hit on me.
And that's invisible all the time.
Don't you get people that assume you must be a lesbian because you play a male character? Because I've heard girls tell me that.
I've had that.
Yeah, it's so stupid. So stupid.
Then again, how many female characters online are really, you know, boys?
Exactly, and you know, we just had the emails from the,
you know, the guys that play the girl characters because they are
good characters in the games. It has nothing to do with, it's just, it's so silly.
Yeah, it is. Alright, people need to put stereotypes aside. That's what they need to do.
Alright, Roz, thank you so much for your call. Appreciate it. Yep.
Alright, have a good one. Bye. Bye-bye. Alright, we're gonna go ahead and go to another call here. Let's go
Was it?
Yeah.
Hi, Xander.
No, it's Xander from Connecticut.
Alright, Xander from Connecticut.
What's on your mind?
Um...
Guitar Hero?
No.
Wait.
That's...
I'm not going to start that way.
Yeah, please don't.
Okay.
You overrate Guitar Hero.
Me?
I overrate Guitar Hero?
Well, everybody does, but...
Yeah.
Don't...
How can one overrate one's own personal opinion of the game?
Well, it's just like...
Okay.
with my personal opinion, and my personal opinion is God.
I'm gonna hit you with a trap in a second.
Okay, so what, you don't like Guitar Hero?
No, I like it, it's just overrated.
Okay, that's fair enough. I would say, yeah, I get a little weird when I see
Guitar Hero winning all these innovation awards because
I wonder if it's winning it for the right reasons, and I don't suspect it is.
You know what I mean? Like, sure it's innovative when it comes to the, you know,
fun factor and all the little in-game stuff,
but the game itself is not a hugely original concept.
It's a fusion of two existing concepts in my mind,
and that doesn't make it a bad game. I love Guitar Hero, it's a great game,
but I'm a little, you know, I'm kinda over it now, you know what I mean?
It's time for me to move on to another music game for now.
I think the reason it got so high scores though is because it got all that
licensed music and crap on it. And I totally agree, and I think
Konami made some mistakes in not having more faith in the U.S. audience and spending the
money on some higher licenses when they came out here and I take my hats off to Red Octane
for recognizing that and harmonics as well.
We give Konami a lot of love on this show but we have to give them tough love too when
the time is appropriate.
So everybody deserves tough love I guess.
I know.
Anything else on your mind, Xander?
On the girl gamer thingy, I just want to say I'm upset as a male asexual that I don't get
bashed.
Seriously, the gays get bashed, the girls get bashed, and crap.
Why don't I get bashed?
That's not fair.
This is a term...
We do secretly bash you.
Okay, I bash you every night in the chat room.
They're all talking about you behind your back.
No, no, okay.
Define this for me again, because this is a term that a lot of our podcast listeners
are probably going, huh?
You define yourself as asexual, which means?
Yes.
It means I'm an amoeba.
Are you a eunuch?
It means that he doesn't think about sex, period.
Okay, because if you're eunuch, I was just going to say, you wouldn't have balls.
Okay, just quiet over there, okay extrovert?
All right.
So, well, do you ever get asked in games, like ASL and all this, do you ever have people try to cyber flirt with you or whatever?
I got sent coke music.
Coke music? What happened in coke music?
Um, I realized it sucked.
Why? What happened? Were people hitting on you there?
No, it just sucks. It only sucked. I just grew up a little.
Okay, okay.
Alright, well, can anybody think of a good insult for the asexual gamer?
I think I already did.
You're a nookulous freak!
How's that? Does that count?
Does that make you feel better to be bashed there, Xander, a little bit?
I guess.
Okay, well, we appreciate your call.
I don't bash on anybody.
Have a good night and have fun not getting laid, okay?
Okay.
Alright, later.
Let's go to one more call.
all right we better set aside ten minutes Zaku's on the line Zaku what's
on your mind yes remember that link I sent you last week about how MTV
interview this suppose you know this DDR player from around my area I just want
to just want to know whether or not you know you got a chance to even look at it
I'm gonna be honest I didn't all right send me the post post it in chat I will
Again, but honestly, you know if you take a look at it, you know, and personally I think you know
MTV did a good job in doing it
I wouldn't say they did the best but it's not like you know
They didn't do a lame-ass attempt in trying to try it
You know trying to feed on the stereotype of DDR being a healthy thing said just fit
Okay, set this up for me a little bit exactly what is in this clip if I want if I watch this clip
What am I gonna get you're going to see a you know a DDR player by the name of Anthony also known as sketch
He's one of these one of the best DDR players in the city, and he was interviewed
He was picked. You know he was interviewed by MTV for overdrive
basically you're gonna see a lot of you know a lot you know a lot of how you know a lot of the the
Perspective of you know you know the hardcore DDR player
The one who basically goes after scores and just you know, it just goes after perfecting, you know
There are their skills not necessarily, you know, not you know, it's not even focused at all on the whole healthy aspect of it
All right more game. It's it's a gamer perspective of the game. All right that way Zaku
We will check out the clip during our afterbirth. How's that sound? Yeah. All right, we'll do that man. All right, Zaku
Have a good one. Thanks for calling in. All right later
I say get the British guy back on the line, he didn't give him enough time, I mean his connection, but British people, their voices are cool, and you know, we need more coolness.
Well, we gotta go ahead and close the Skype line for now, but if he calls in next week, we'll definitely get him again, and he can yell at me more over Guitar Girl.
I think it's cool that he stays up till five, six in the morning listening to us.
I know, that's dedication.
Well, you know that over on All Games where they syndicate us, they play us at different
times of the day, on Tuesday and Wednesday.
So I think on Tuesday we're played in the morning, so that might be a different time.
So those that want the live experience to kind of listen to this as it goes on can listen
at those times, too, and that can help adjust for time zones.
So something to think about.
Okay.
All right.
Let's go on and get to the last couple stories here.
Something hitting some of the blogs this week about a Famicom game that's really crazy even
though Famicom is about what, 20 years old here?
Exactly.
Well, when you think of crazy stuff, what do you think of?
At least what I think of crazy Japanese stuff.
I think of MXC, better known as Takashi's Castle.
Who stars in Takashi's Castle but beat Takashi.
And beat Takashi made a game called Takashi's Challenge.
basically the game is kind of it kind of ties in with the bus driving minigame in
the Penn and Teller game but they have such it's basically the game is made by
a man who hates video games it says Takashi's challenge puts the players
through hell like forcing the player to sing karaoke continuously stare at the
stare at a blank monitor pilot a plane that can't go up and then hit the final
boss 20,000 times.
Was this a for real video game that was released, or was this some weirdo one, man?
Apparently Taito released it back in 1986.
Okay.
Dot, dot, dot.
Taito is the same cracked out company that gave us Bubble Bobble.
This is true.
Alright, any last minute stories you guys want to bring up before we get into the final
story of the night?
I'm sure I've got something here.
to do
uh...
uh... belfield to demo that was was to come out uh... no twenty fourth
yeah
uh...
about that uh...
you know what's up liar it got pushed back is the i'd love to be liar the week
no he is a lawyer that he has pushed it back and says the come outs on the
twenty-eighth
our twenty nine i'm sorry
uh... between
between twenty at the same
It's just sometime Tuesday and Wednesday, so maybe about like eight o'clock Tuesday night is like partial in between there
Hey, listen, you got burnout and freaking
Blazing angels. So play those while you're waiting. All right. I would yes, sir
Well, I have something. Okay. This is from old grandma hardcore. Oh
Yes, her that the granny gamer the granny game love her
Basically, there is a chronicle out on YouTube now
And the link is up at ogrannyhardcore.blogspot.com, about how she has laid down some massive,
massive ownage at brain training.
And apparently, there was actually a few of the other people who were playing who actually
said that drinking helped their scores improve.
But Granny had finished her game while the little girl was still going past the time
limit.
Wow.
So, yeah, and there's a movie file up here, so I'm going to share that with our chat
room, but if you go to oghc.blogspot.com, the link is up there for the week of March 20th.
Very cool.
All right, I got one last story for you guys here tonight, and it has to do with, I'm sure
a TV show that our folks that listen to us live don't watch, because it's on the same
time as our program, but it does have to do with gaming, believe it or not.
Walt Disney's Buena Vista Games said this week that it is going to be releasing a PC
video game based on the television show Desperate Housewives this fall.
In the game, you will be taking on the role of a new housewife who can either create new
Scandals uncover existing ones over on wisteria lane the street where the show takes place now
They're saying that Brenda strong who's in the series as the voice of Mary Alice Young who's like the dead wife
She's signed on for a similar role in the game
They are negotiating with the other cast members to try and appear in the game
So if you've ever wanted to be a desperate housewife, here's your chance
Something tells me those guys that emailed us saying they like to play us the girls something tell
so something tells me they'll take a pass on this one
call it a hunch
Loki don't you watch Desperate Housewives?
no i don't
oh I thought you did
no Nellie watches Desperate Housewives
I do not watch Desperate Housewives
I don't either
I may have been forced to watch the first season of Desperate Housewives
but that's where it stops
we can't
our show is on the same time here on the west coast
so we can't watch it even if we wanted to
which I don't
You can watch it.
what what what the hell's her name Gabrielle Carteris no no that was the
chick in 90210
I know. Same show
what the hell's, oh Eva Longoria that she plays somebody I think
she plays Gabrielle on the show how the hell do I know that okay Eva Longoria
right she's she's the hot one on the show you know I'm sure
a lot of guys wanna you know I guess I don't know you know what forget it
let's let's just end the show let's quit while we're ahead
Uh, and we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I just read another story that's yet pointing to Nintendo doing VR.
But, it's just rumor stories. I hate rumor stories.
Six weeks, Loki. You can wait.
No, I can't.
Extafer, your final thought.
Um, to all the girl-babe gamers out there, preach on, brothers. I mean, sistas.
I'm going to pass on the reject false icons this week in order to describe a beverage
called the pangalactic gargle blaster.
It says the effect of the pangalactic gargle blaster is like having your brain smashed
out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick.
I need one of those right now.
My final thought would be, I really suck at Geometry Wars and I'm never going to get better
and that makes me a sad gamer.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio.
We appreciate you guys supporting independent radio.
Hey, if you guys like our show, we do this for free.
All we ask, tell somebody about the show, spread the word because there's hundreds of
different gaming podcasts out there and while some of them are independent so we support
them to you know there's a lot of corporate ones to get a lot of marketing
muscle that we don't have so we have to rely on word-of-mouth to get our name
out there so if you like our show we do it for free all you have to do tell
somebody about our show and that that's that's good payment enough for us so
thanks a lot guys for listening have a great week we'll see you next time on
Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you very much.
