Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to the podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of episode number 175 for March 5, 2006.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 175 for this March 5, 2006.
It's time for part B. If you've missed the first half of the show, shame on you, but
that's alright.
Go back and check it out on our podcast stream, orangeloungeradio.com, for more information.
Or as we just announced during the first half of the show, we had Bobby over from allgames.com
to announce that Orange Lounge Radio and All Games are joining up to bring you Orange Lounge
Radio syndicated Monday nights on All Games Radio 7 o'clock, part A and B. So it's a chance
for you to check out the second half of our show before we put it on our own
podcasting stream because they're just that good that they get it done faster
than we do so check that out that's gonna be awesome all right let's get
back into some gaming news here when we left off in the first half we were
talking about some parenting stories there it's about left behind which the
chat room just ran away with and they're just you know everything left but got
left behind part a their World of Warcraft news and now a piece of news
It's kind of near and dear to us here at orange lounge radio because I think we've all been to this place
This so I haven't you've never been to the Metreon. Oh, really never Wow my very first DDR tournament
I ever went to is at the Metreon. Well, that's what our story is about
Sony has sold the Metreon the Metreon has been known as like the Sony theme park in a bit of way the
official Sony PlayStation stores there
They have some other things there as well.
Do you remember this dark soccer?
Do you remember the Yumpop store?
I think it was the Yumpop store with the oopsie oops I went to hell shirts and all that stuff.
A store was badass, but then it went away years and years ago.
I guess that should have been the first sign the place was going downhill.
It's like a skyscraper type building.
They have an IMAX theater in the roof.
I saw an IMAX movie there a long time ago.
It's awesome.
They also have the Walk of Game.
It was kind of like their answer to Hollywood's Walk of Fame.
They have the Walk of Game.
Well, unfortunately, Sony is selling the Metreon complex,
and who do they sell it to?
Mall developer, the Westfield Group,
and the Four City Enterprises real estate
company for an undisclosed amount of money.
So Sony will continue to operate the official PlayStation
store in the mall.
But as for the rest of the stuff there,
who knows what we could see going up in there pretty soon.
Maybe Abercrombie and Fitch, for all we know.
That would just be peachy, wouldn't it?
Boo-hiss.
no idea what's going to happen in the walking game just yet
yeah but many of us DDR fans like NorCal especially with like fond memories
of Medtron except for Loki who somehow missed it all
it's kinda it's kinda sad
kinda makes me a little bit clipped
talk amongst yourselves
alright the life goes on
so uh... moving on to another story Loki
yes you got some interesting uh... you you had some real great exclusives in the
first
part there about PlayStation 3 and Revolution what do you got now
Well, this is kind of, you can file in a rumor of how Sony plans on combating the revolution,
and the way they're going to do that, well, of course, it's going to be with the PlayStation
2 and the iToy.
What they're planning on doing is because the PlayStation 2 is already an established
console system out there with, you know, they're still producing them and they're anticipating
the price point is going to drop down to $99 in 2007. And of course with the iToy, they're
anticipating that you'll be able to use this to create some really revolutionary games.
Only problem with that is the iToy doesn't work that good. I know this from first hand
experience. And let me put it this way. Wiping windows down and looking like a jackass while
dancing on screen, not revolutionary.
Itoy Kinetic was fun for a day, waste of $50 because my apartment does not light good enough.
I mean, it just does not work for Itoy.
And while I could go to Ikea and buy a lamp, I'm not changing the house around to make
the Itoy work.
And granted, you know, when they're showing off the Itoy games and they're against a nice
white backdrop. That's the perfect environment for the I2Wipe. But most of us people, you
know, we live in rooms with more than white in the room.
Posters and drains.
Exactly. Not good. But some of the other stuff that they're talking about, and this is actually
kind of another thing that Xbox is doing too with their camera, is they're gonna be using
multiple cameras to track movement. That's more something on the Xbox 360 front. They're
using that in fact they also showed how they can render your face in there by
doing a screen cap of your face you know facing forward and sideways and then
render it 3d and they're also gonna be using that kind of as an eye toy or
revolution thing as well live with this way it's not gonna be like the
revolution no that's why it wouldn't be that revolutionary if it were just that
simple this is all rumor this is not good enough to combat the revolution
thing you know there's probably there's other things that are going to set the
ps3 apart from the revolution as just as there's going to be things to set Xbox
360 apart from it there's no need for these guys to all try and copy the only
good thing about the PlayStation 2 is it's not going to be as expensive as
PlayStation 3 comments from our chat room www.orange lounge radio.com we love
the interactivity that a taping live on Sunday nights brings us here gs 191 says
Itoy good concept terrible games. What makes you think that the ps3 x360 camera is going to be better
Good point going back to the metreon story there earlier
Somebody had said I'm trying to find the thing here
somebody had said that
Old tech TV shows had been taped at the metreon so it kind of further Oh Tomo Coon said dude
It had tech TV shows taped there just to further add insult to injury to the whole you know tech TV is
long gone type thing. X-Play used to be recorded, or before X-Play, what the hell was it called?
Extended Play. Extended Play was recorded there. Sad. And now it's going to be just
a giant Abercrombie and Fitch, just wait. Banana Republic going in there as well.
Alright, moving in, I made all that up by the way. Moving on, EA we talked about in
first half a little bit there the VP over at EA doctor I'm gonna say this so
horrible Jens Uwe Entat foresees that there will be a shift coming within the
next 10 years quote CDs DVDs and box games will be as antiquated as cassette
tapes and vinyl records what are they going in favor of their double boo
downloadable media this that they're saying that the downloadable media is
going to be the shift there in 10 years there and of course you look at the
success of iTunes and you think it's just a matter of time before movies
start being distributed the same way heck it's already happening on iTunes
some shows that maybe aren't even doing that successful on TV well I don't know
like I'm thinking of The Office does really really well on iTunes and it does
okay on TV but it does really well on iTunes so kind of you know it might be
the future outlet for TV and of course independent vidcast and getting bigger
bigger and bigger.
Well now, why not the same model apply to games?
Well, they're also probably going to start streaming the Direct TV tab that's going
to be coming to the Xbox Live, your desktop there.
They're also going to be having location free players for the PlayStation 3.
Also you've got the news that PlayStation 3 in Korea is going to start doing direct
downloads of games straight to your hard drive because they want to combat piracy there and
and they're going to offer them at less than retail.
So, hmm, and hell, we're doing it right now with the Xbox Live Arcade, just in a smaller
format.
You know, I went to a panel at Katsucon and I asked a question about this, and I practically
got laughed at when people were saying Xbox Live Arcade does not pose a threat to the
regular system of downloading games, and I'm thinking, okay, now I've got this EA vice
president backing me up, which I need to point out, he's actually Electronic Arts Europe
vice president so sorry clarifying that earlier
that this downloadable games thing is going to be more and more of
force I think so we'll see now one thing he does say that you know
is is a bit of a interesting point here on Apple has kept their song prices at
ninety nine cents per song
and this is a low figure that kinda makes people in the music business a
little bit
angry here. iTunes essentially has a monopoly
Dr. Entant seems to think that with so many consoles available, there's not going to be
a monopoly possible if this model works with games.
It's not going to happen.
I can tell you this much, and here's why it's not going to happen, because you have all
the major retailers that make a lot of money off of these games.
Also you've got rental chains.
If we all start streaming media, what's going to happen to the whole rental market?
It's gone.
You've got GameStop and freaking EB there, well, same company now, but their whole business
is game purchasing and stuff.
It's not going to happen because if that happens, they're going to lose money from all these
different outlets and then...
Well, what about moving with the seas of change though?
Tower Records doesn't still primarily make their business off records in the sense that
we know them.
Blockbuster realizes that people like the Netflix model so they copy it you know and do their own thing
What's to say that GameStop isn't one of the online services that decides to get it on there?
I mean who knows this is obviously all huge amounts of speculation, but you know
It's it's a good question to ask where will gaming be in ten years. It's an excellent idea
Unfortunately those 28 hard drives that they were packaging with the Xbox 360 not gonna work okay, but in ten years
years we're not gonna be talking Xbox 360 we're gonna be talking Xbox 1080 or
something I don't know all right whatever way forget it all right moving
on we got another story here several stories actually from dark Sakura since
we had a little comment there from the Electronic Arts vice president over in
Europe why not give our pals over in Europe a little more information on
what's going on in their neck of the word woods and Jamie you keep tabs on
that? What's going on? We thought they were gone. We thought we heard the last of them.
Acclaim is back. Really? Yes, with a free MMO, actually. Oh. It's called Bot. It looks
like it's all capitalized. I'm already bored. It's basically, they're describing
it as a title that will appeal to everyone. Basically, you start off with
adaptable upgradable little robots are supposedly really cute and there's a
I can do cute story about some evil virus PvP capture the flag that kind of
stuff but you are supposed to have these near infinite combinations of upgrades
you know there was a game like this back in the days of the Sega CD called what
was at robo pit which I have and I paid a five cents for I kid you not I know I
think that I paid 50 cents for it at an EB brand new it also reminds me of the
enix SNES game robo track yeah but at any rate this they're working on this
there's actually a new a claim games website where they have there the beta
test is up there to register for there's also a future title coming out called
it's a martial arts MMO called nine dragons but if you just go to a claim
calm it's the first link on there the first little image there I think I'll
sign up for it it looks really cute I'm I'm I'm interested if it's cute I could
do that well also I like that I like that you know nine dragons sounds like
it has a hard edge to it well the actual site for bots is www.botsgame.com
B-O-T-S-G-A-M-E, and there's actually, it actually looks pretty neat.
This is funny, we got a comment in our chat room here, Ranma says, I saw the site for
Acclaim's bots, it looks just like the Ragnarok Online page.
It does!
It's laid out just like a website for a Korean MMO.
I love Ragnarok Online, so I think I'll give the bots a try.
Alright.
Ragnarok Online certainly was cute, and it was the only game that would allow my male,
the only game I've ever played that would allow my male character to wear a bow in his
said. I was hardcore. I still have that photo. It was my camera wallpaper. I was on my cell
phone for forever. Anyway, moving on. And my character is like this badass assassin
looking girl. It was cool. I miss Ragnarok. Um, anyway, uh, next up, uh, a comment by,
uh, uh, Roger Bennett, who is the general director of a UK video games publisher, Trade
E L S P A said there's complete and utter nonsense about a speech made in
Parliament by the Labour MP Keith Vasque stating about new laws or relating to
video game ratings. I brought this up earlier. Basically, GamesIndustry.biz
was told and I quote, his whole thrust with this proposed bill was about
labeling which he got utterly and completely wrong and that it hasn't got up to speed
with what has happened over the last three or four years.
Vaz was proposing an amendment to the Video Recordings Act in 1984 that would make it
mandatory for video games to receive content ratings the same way that films do.
It's a voluntary, the PEGI rating system is all voluntary to coincide with that.
but he was arguing in Parliament that the current system where basically it
sees the PEGI ratings being complemented by the what's it called the
British Board of Film classification to go along the same lines but they're
saying that's very confusing. Let me get the next quote on here because it's a
very very long article that I've been digesting over this. But basically, it was going back,
Bennett stated, the fact of the matter is that we're one of only two countries in the
whole 27 states in the European Union who have mandatory ratings. Everywhere else in
Europe these ratings are on the boxes, the PEGI ratings, and they make informed decisions
for their kids. You know, parents are doing that. The more you take the responsibility
away from the parents, the less responsibility they'll take. As soon as you take responsibility
away from the people than they rely on others to do it for them the whole
process is mindless in my view at the end of the day as long as the information is
there we should leave it to the parents and guardians those to those responsible
for young people to make informed decisions about what they should or
shouldn't watch they blame the blame culture in which we seem to live these
days as a result of the promotion that of the nanny state no question about it
it's always somebody else's fault and they have to have somebody else to blame
That right there is my argument.
This guy is my hero now.
Let's bring down the old OLR hero wall.
I'm going to print out his photo at Kinko's and put it on the wall because I don't think
it's ever been stated better than I've seen it in print there.
And I really do think that's what it comes down to is that we have these figures in government
trying to basically dictate, and it's not just here, this is proof, it is everywhere,
trying to dictate what the people see, what the people watch, take responsibility away
from the people, take away accountability from the people and put it in the hands of
government to babysit them.
you know what it's been happening more especially and I hate especially since
9-11 it's been happening more and more where we've had our governments taking
control over what they view as protection action whether it's in
censorship of video games not just that I think more so Alma I mean certainly I
noticed it then too but Janet Jackson booby Super Bowl hello yeah that was a
huge you know shift in that what we're seeing is you know especially in and I
think that's actually even more of a slap in the face to those of us in the
United States where we're founded on these principles of free speech and
human rights where we really don't have that liberal environment that we were
founded under honestly you know the true there was a lot of concern a lot more
what we would see as conservatism you know back then but you know you have to
think about it we are a very repressed society and our government is just you
know sort of pushing that along SSJ 100 Matt in our chat room just called OLR
the no spin zone at any rate at any rate all right I think though that the whole
especially with you know Jackie poo his whole agenda with you know seeing this
come up I think it really is more of and more of a view overall that they're not
wanting us to be accountable for ourselves they take the power away from
the people and we're left just blindly following what they tell us to that's
what that's my theory behind all of this I think that it all goes hand in hand
send those cards and letters to mailbag at orange launch radio.com and that's
just my opinion all right that's just my observation but again you know I find it
very sad that governments are having to step in and tell parents how to do their
jobs you know trying to dictate what you can and can do one more all right bit of
European news is the PSP giga pack price has been slashed basically for any
Northern Irish gamers hoping to pick up the PSP Gigapack, GameStop has slashed
basically 25 pounds off the price. You can pick up the pack which includes a PSP,
a stand USB cable, and a 1 gigabyte memory stick for $189.99 in
Northern Ireland branches of GameStop. The game has also been lowered to
289.99 euros in GameStop stores throughout all of Ireland.
Outside, however, the price is still 214.99
or in euros, 309.99.
So, go to Ireland if you wanna get your gigapack cheap.
Also, release dates.
Oh yes, what's coming up?
You can't go without that, can we?
It's been a little while, so now we're into a new month,
so what's coming out?
Well, tomorrow we have Snowboard Kids DS.
On the 9th, we have Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter for Xbox 360.
These are UK dates.
On the 10th, 24 The Game.
Wouldn't that make you happy?
I've been bad at watching 24. I didn't watch any TV at all while I was on my little business trip.
I was actually in Virginia. I don't think I ever said where I was. I was in Virginia.
I didn't really watch any TV, I was in Virginia Beach in the middle of winter which is a great
time to go, yeah.
But I didn't watch any TV, except for The Apprentice, I watched The Apprentice once and
it wasn't even that good.
Well, for the rest of the games coming out, also in the 10th, Combat 121, Fight Night
Round 3, Guilty Gear X2 Reload on PC, Lemmings for the PSP, Namco Museum 50th Anniversary
Arcade Collection on the Game Boy Advance, NBA 2K6, NHL 2K6, PIPA Fun L2, which I don't
know what that is on PC, Rhythmic Star on PS2, Viewtiful Joe Red Hot Rumble, that's
really awesome, also to mention on the 14th Metal Gear Solid 3, Subsistence.
Wonder Dog Harold would just like you all to know that watching 24 caused him to have
a dream of naked Jean Smart from Designing Women who plays...
god she's on this new season so oh my god she still has a career yes she's
she actually has a great room she was the blonde one I only saw wasn't she
yeah I only saw for the first four episodes or the first two long episodes
the first four hours and she had a pretty badass role I gotta say so you
know her career is jump-starting anyway but she's not in the game anyway we'd
love to follow up UK release dates that was it right yeah we'd love to follow I
I've been cutting everybody off tonight with total randomness and I apologize
but I've just been pent up for two weeks in Virginia.
Loki, what's going on with U.S. release dates?
Lots of stuff.
Well, of course, March is a huge month for games.
As I mentioned before, Burnout, Revenge, and Ghost Recon and Vance Warfighter were coming
out this week for the 360.
Other releases coming out this week, Championship Bowling for the Xbox, yeah, that's gonna be
great.
Dragon Ball Z Shinbutakai, the Dragon Ball Z fighting game, finally hits the PSP.
Also we have Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter also coming out on the Xbox, Naruto Class
of the Ninja coming out on GameCube, Naruto Ninja Council coming out on the Game Boy Advance,
Onimusha Dawn of Dreams is finally hitting the Playstation 2, and if you're egging for
some new Pokemon puzzle games, Pokemon Trozei is coming out on the DS.
I hang my head in deep shame because I want to play this game.
More PSP games, Pursuit Force and Samurai Warriors are heading towards the PSP.
A brand new RPG coming out, Shadow Hearts from the New World, which actually looks pretty
decent on the PS2.
And Spongebob Yellow Avenger on the PSP, followed by Tales of Fantasia for the Gameboy
Advance.
Other notable stuff coming out later on in the month here, we of course have Driver Parallel
Lions coming out the week of the 13th, as well as Metal Gear Solid 3 Subsistence, which
should be really sweet, at the outfit for Xbox 360.
And then finally the week of the 20th, we've got a couple games coming out, most notably
The Godfather is hitting Xbox and Playstation 2, as well as Blazing Angels is coming out
on xbox and xbox 360 and of course
the ever anticipated Elder Scrolls IV finally hitting the Xbox 360
finally and me and my katamari I gotta put that in there and Metroid Prime Hunters
because those are really good games as well. Tetris DS also that week
and also Metal Gear Acid 2 and Mega Man Power Piv
Oh my bank account is gonna cry the end of this month
it's gonna be a sad week at my bank. And Worms Open Warfare and I'm actually looking
forward to that game
All right, just so you know, Wonder Dog Harold would also like to remind you in regards to
our previous conversation, Jean Smart was also the voice of Mrs. Possible in Kim Possible,
just for those of you following her career.
And Beatmania on the 29th.
Thank you.
Which does not feature Jean Smart.
No.
Maybe Beatmania 2.
But it's also launched the same day as Kariok Revolution Country.
These games that we love, Beatmania and all that stuff, and you know we love US games
too, don't get us wrong, we love games from all around, but Japan certainly brings us
lots and lots and lots of memorable great games there's a magazine over
there that has a lot of clout over in the Japan gaming market it's called
Famitsu well they recently polled their readers to vote on their all-time
favorite 100 games where there's a magazine there's another list that's
right and what's interesting about this list well let me just let the list speak
for itself here's the top 10 you ready number 10 Legend of Zelda Ocarina of
time number 9 Dragon Quest 7 number 8 Final Fantasy 3 number 7 tactics ogre
number 6 Final Fantasy 4 number 5 Machi number 4 Dragon Quest 8 number 3 Dragon
Quest 3 number 2 Final Fantasy 7 and the number one game of all time Final
Fantasy 10 as voted by the readers of Famitsu magazine that makes sense
Because Final Fantasy X has this humongous fandom built around it.
Right, and that's not surprising in any way, but let me get that straight.
That's four Final Fantasies and three Dragon Quests comprising the top ten.
Might I also point out Dragon Quest V, number 11.
Dragon Quest IV, number 14.
Dragon Quest II, number 17.
Final Fantasy VIII, number 22.
Final Fantasy IX, 24.
Final Fantasy VI, 25.
Shall I continue?
So they like their RPGs.
It's not surprising at all.
It's not. It's really not, but it's-
And I'm actually really not at all surprised to see Tactics Ogre in there.
Where was Final Fantasy Tactics?
Uhh...
I don't see it in the top 50, maybe in the bottom 50.
Let me keep looking here.
Final Fantasy Tactics I know had a big following for a while, too,
but Tactics Ogre completely does not surprise me.
84 Final Fantasy Tactics.
It's on the list.
But, you know-
Do they have any of the PC Engine titles in there?
Like Dracula X?
Yeah, I don't know if I saw anything
Yeah, you know what or a dragon? What about that Animal Crossing is 43. There you go. That's something Metal Gear Solid 50
Let's see. I need to know where Dracula X is on that. I don't think it's there
Gradius 98
I'm looking I'm looking at this is uh, they they published this over on next dash gen dot
B IZ by the way is where I'm pulling this from. I don't see a single
Castlevania game on here, but I'm eyeing it. I might be missing it, so I apologize if I'm wrong there.
That wounds me in my soul.
So, um, what do you think? I mean, I guess...
They're smoking crack, but Famitsu is, like, notorious for being bastards, so...
Well, you know, didn't they have to make a law that Dragon Quest games don't come out on school days or something like that?
Like, it shouldn't be surprising that Dragon Quest just totally dominates this and Final Fantasy, you know, same deal.
so I actually would have it I would have expected one of the Dragon Quest games
take the top spot it's it's pretty big over there but now it's getting now it's
finally like really catching on it hasn't really caught on since Dragon
Dragon Warrior now with Dragon Quest 8 so it's kind of interesting I don't know
anyway moving on let's go over to Loki for some reports on the homebrew scene
of course, as always. Starting off, some wonderful games coming to the PSP homebrew scene. First
one is a Halo clone. That's right, they're working on a Halo kind of port to the PSP.
It's based on the game or multiplayer app Iris, and it's actually a mod, but it's going
to be containing four player deathmatch type of gameplay. So that's kind of being worked
on right now.
As far as stuff that's out there right now, I've already mentioned this in the last podcast
but gotta cover it again.
The new Super Nintendo emulator SNES 9X version 0.4 has been updated with wireless multiplayer
so you can actually go ahead and play people near you at some Street Fighter and they've
actually clocked it at 60 frames per second while playing.
So that's kinda cool.
Another homebrew stuff that's going to be coming out though for the PSP, they've created
an ISO loader using the exploit in Grand Theft Auto.
Another thing that they've also been able to do is launch Grand Theft Auto on version
1.5 firmware.
And for those who have played Grand Theft Auto's Liberty City Stories, you'll know that
it forces you to upgrade to 2.0.
So they've actually bypassed all that and got to run on that same firmware.
The other thing that they've also launched is an upgrade to that because they're worried
that people are going to be pirating games and stuff, so they've actually got a UMD loader
for firmware 1.5 that will run any game that will force you to update to 2.0 or higher
in 1.5 if you have the UMD.
Because a lot of people do have games out there they want to play but they want to play
their homebrew stuff, now they can.
So that's kind of cool.
Other things, there was also, kind of teased a little bit for the DS, basically you can
have remote access to your PC using the DS and that was kind of cool, they showed a little
picture of that, but no release on that yet.
Alright, keep us posted on what's going on and whatever they install Linux on next and
all that fun stuff.
Yeah, I was waiting for the 360 for Linux.
Alright, DarkSockra, you're going to get all the fun stories tonight on like violence and political stuff.
What do you got next?
I'm all about the violence.
I mean the poli...the...the...
The politics, the violence.
I'm all about the violence.
Alright, we know.
Okay, guess what?
With the increase of video game violence,
aha, we have crime going way down.
Isn't that awesome? Wait, crime went down when video game
violence went up? Do tell. Basically with the increase
of the first person shooter genre, crime, uh,
I'm sorry, I was backwards on that one. Oh, that's alright.
Well, you know, we already went over that before, but the crime-based action games are
declining so what that means but the still that means there's more of a
demand over here than there is over there that says something yep but
basically the the I'm tongue-tied excuse me but they were basically saying that
even though the success of Grand Theft Auto and all that you know has been so
big that they're still not so many of them coming out that the first-person
shooter is really taking prevalence in the whole video game industry.
But that, you know, we did have an earlier story that did state, you know, I remember
doing something on the show a while ago that despite the violent video games coming out,
people get their aggressions out on them or something because overall, crime rate, you
know...
Well, yeah, well, the thing is though is that the study is still there though at the Department
of Justice.
You know there are charts proving that since what was it 93 when the PlayStation came out
There has been a decrease in in youth-based violence
You know basically the 18 the the age 12 to 18
Area that there has been a decrease in violent acts created by a minor
all right all right well no but there's actually though in specifically in
regards to this though first-person shooters are becoming the big deal to be
continued I'm sure well we do know that of course we got a civil war
first-person shooter coming out thanks what I'm from Alabama and I hear enough
of this crap being from Alabama so all right moving on since we just had a
story on violence I figured it was time for us to get violent with a little
segment we call the FUs of the week dark soccer are you ready to get angsty
when am I not
my first well my big only FU is I'm tired of being the emotional receptacle
the world you know I can take and take and take and take and I don't know if
I'm just easily been ventable to but I have to it's not really an F you it's
more of an F you toward myself just because I can't I have to get my
aggression out to you damn it I don't see why everybody let it all out girl
I don't see why everybody in the universe feels that they can just tell me their whole life story
like it's some horrible thing and
It's going to really you know
Like some complete stranger starts telling me about how bad their life sucks, and I'm like okay
Why are you telling me this did you tell them to stop? I just sort of said I have to go now
now. But it's like, it's been happening more often than not lately that I've been getting
ransomed, you know, in, in, in defensive people, you know, I never really mind hearing it.
You know, if you need to vent to me, say hey, I think you're a good person to talk to, let's
talk about it. But when it comes out, you know, completely unprovoked, I'm like, okay,
what did that have to do with anything? This is so out of left field. And especially without,
know even saying hey is this a good time for you emotionally for me to vent to
you need to make sure that when you're going to talk to somebody that they're
gonna be in a position to listen to you objectively and not just because you
know say that the person you're talking to you is really depressed really
stressed out really just having an awful day and then you start talking about how
much your life sucks how's that gonna make them feel
they're either gonna go excuse me your life sucks here's mine or it's gonna
make them feel worse than they're gonna guess what they're at. emo
so the moral of the story is get a live journal? Vlog it! you know the
moral of this though is if you have a problem and you need to vent to somebody
make sure that your intended venting audience is in a position that they're
going to be able to withstand your vending.
That's www.myspace.com.
That's where the Internet goes to die.
Tom will be your friend when no one else will.
Just so you know.
But, but I'm serious, so it's, I never mind listening to my friends when they need me.
I am always there, and listeners, I am there for you, okay?
But make sure that if you are going to vent to me that I am not having the utter shit
of the day before you do.
Thank you.
Um, really the only thing I'm kind of frustrated at is Xbox Live's arcade, or not really their
arcade, their online play for full auto.
The people playing full auto keep jumping out of the games like they're playing Mario
Kart DS or something.
And granted, you know, I'm not too worried about, I mean, cause I understand people will
do that, and you know, I don't think that it's a huge deal, but the fact is, you know,
I'm playing the game, I'm not even doing that well, I'm getting like sixth place, and I'm
still taking the spot and I'm willing to take the 6th place and not get that many points.
But it doesn't even count because everyone drops out of the game. And so, I waste time
playing through these races for nothing. And also, god damn it, I'm doing so good in those
races and I hit a damn, like, something will fly out on the street like a little apple
or something and my car will flip into the air like 50 feet because the physics are all
fucked up. It's really frustrating, but god damn it at least I beat those stupid gang
war missions because I wanted to break something that's it all right I you know
I was actually in a really like just crappy mood all day because I like like
PMS for men or something is what I've been going through today but actually
the show has put me in a much better mood so I thank you guys for having a
happy super duper show tonight because I'm actually in a better mood and I feel
like throughout my randomness and my rants I've been able to get it out so I
I guess my only FU that is left is FU to the Oscars for daring to compete with our program tonight.
You're going down, Stuart. Mr. John Stuart, you're going down, buddy.
Orange Lounge, aren't you?
Spike, you have any angst you need to get out?
I mean, with a name like Spike, you gotta be an angry person, right?
Well, actually I have two things, and they're both directed towards Capcom.
The first one is that as cool as I think it is that you can play as the robot masters
in Mega Man powered up, these new character designs have to go.
Because Mega Man is not meant to be one of those Duplo block characters.
And the fact that he is, baby Jesus Christ for him.
Second, Capcom is putting out a collection of their classic arcade games.
It's a follow-up to their arcade classics line recently launched.
the remix pack
and for some reason in their infinite wisdom they
seep it to take up valuable space on that UMD with
Quiz and Dragons
Quiz and Dragons is badass, you shut up, I love that game
I used to, I used to, do you know how many quarters I wasted at the local P3 playing Quiz and Dragons
and I screamed like a little girl when I found that game in MAME like years ago
so sit down
are you serious i am fucking serious the hell is quiz and dragon it was quiz it was
a quiz show choose quiz or dragon i choose quiz can't go dad it was a quiz thing it was
a quiz thing with dragon i'll have the vegetarian all right all right people all right well
it just just for the record i want to stay even though spike got a little angsty there
You know, Spike is actually just one of the most cuddly guys I know. He's a nice boy.
So.
Uh, moving on.
Quiz and Dragons.
He just has some strong opinions about very good games that Capcom put out that were horribly underrated.
Like Black Tiger. Absolutely.
I love Black Tiger, but Quiz and Dragons...
Loki, speaking of, uh...
Dragon-type things.
Okay, actually, this game has nothing to do with dragons.
I don't know what the hell that was just just just take over. Well, that wasn't
You we have to stand back for a second. That was the most awesome
Transition ever. Anyways, I told you I told you I'm gonna off night tonight
I have like two and a half weeks to forget it. Just just go
Speaking of quizzes and dragons Soul Caliber the movie
Is actually being worked on right now and because you know what?
apparently some movie studio out there is like you know what we have money to
burn let's burn some money and yeah they anyways they launched their website for
this and it teases at the movie doesn't show anything it was like a Nostradamus
quote or something yeah what is this www.soulcaliburthemovie.com or
soulcaliburthemovie.com and it loads up this wonderful strive to understand what
But I have found through my just...
Sorry, you're not Mr. Movie Phone.
Just stop.
Anyway, so yeah, it puts up stupid little text on there.
And not a single picture of Ivy.
And this sword shall smite the earth.
Okay, yeah, look, I thought it was bullshit
when I first looked at it.
It's a fan thing, bullshit.
But I was like, okay, maybe there's something going on here.
So I put on my Google hat and I went over to Google
and I started searching all around
And sure enough, I found this page on Backstage.com and it shows films that are currently in development
in the early development process.
And sure enough, there it is, Soul Calibur the movie action.
Look at this, Romania, China, and Canada, I guess that's where they're going to be filming
this.
And Second Degree Media are the folks behind this.
And I could give phone numbers and stuff, but I'm not going to do that.
But the executive producer behind that, Vijay P. Agarwal, you know what, I'm going to put
him in the internet movie database right now you know I've always said how
Canada almost resembles Romania and China well it's look it's just like you
know the Oscars around tonight the big movie tonight Brokeback Mountain you
know if it weren't for all the French people and snow you know we hold on but
they seem Brokeback Mountain is driving all this tourism to Wyoming it was
filmed in Canada which is you know amazing anyway let's see I'm still
trying to find this guy's figure out what else he was affiliated with the
executive producer there let's see such wonderful films as I don't know if this
is the same one here that can't be the same one I know more to come more to
come I'll do research and get back to you guys he hasn't made Jack for now for
now let's go back to a story about Electronic Arts of course they make a
lot of their money off those NFL games right the NFL and the Players
Association are currently involved in a debate over salaries and players cuts
et cetera, et cetera, unless they get to an agreement, they're going to maybe go on strike
and maybe there'll be a lockout in 2008, who knows.
If there's some antitrust that goes in here, if the antitrust rules go into play with this
whole strike or whatever, it would void Electronics Arts' contract with the NFL, and that would
really suck for EA if that happened.
Who burned?
Poor babies.
So they better hope there's no strike.
don't deserve that
we'll see. I know a lot of you guys that listen to this program
probably don't play those games but for those that do there you go
Loki what else you got? My husband does. Anyways
a couple weeks ago there was this wonderful little arcade show in Japan
where they showed off some really cool stuff yes that's right
AOU 2006 they had a couple
wonderful highlights here we're gonna cover. First one being Time Crisis 4
because you know time crisis rocks and
Soul caliber 3 is finally making its way to the arcade as well some other games that taiko no tatujin
Coming out now with Super Mario Brothers songs, so that should be pretty cool
other things
of course half-life 2 survivor, which is going to be the
Arcade version of half-life 2 kind of with a lot of deathmatch stuff there
Let's see here, also some stuff from Sega, Virtual Fighter 5, which looks pretty cool,
and House of the Dead 4, which is really neat, better graphics of course, and they even have
a version that's kind of one of those arcade ride simulator type things, with a 100 inch
screen and it actually, they strap you in, it rotates around, it kind of coincides with
the movie.
Let's see, other things, of course, would be Virtual Strikers 4, you know, for your
soccer fans, and some new brain training game, hmm, interesting.
So yeah.
Something of note for those of you local here to the Sacramento area, the movie theater
over in Roseville currently has a test machine of House of the Dead 4. I was there last night,
It was rather impressive.
Oooh, House of the Dead.
Does it still have the awful voice acting?
Yes!
Yay!
And that Lindbergh board, it's putting out some textures that amazed the hell out of
me.
Really?
Awesome, awesome 3D, and bad voice acting.
I need to go spill coke on that machine.
Wake me when Typing of the Dead 2 comes out.
Dude, I love Typing of the Dead.
I do too, that's why I'm not, I wanna do a cosplay where I strike a Dreamcast to my
back.
done that now done it now now makes me happy
rob microsoft could be working on that next if this whole you know
ddr email thing falls through maybe you know what
you know what that whole typing of the dead setup reminds me of
the origami
tapping of the dead because you know it's got the touch screen
speaking of origami sometimes we get pieces of mail and dark sakura reads
them and then folds them into little paper cranes.
But not some letters that she selected this week to read in our one and only mailbag.
Dark Sakura, how can they send us an email?
They can write to mailbag at orangesoundradio.com.
And we set aside some time in the show for Dark Sakura to read these emails to you and
oh look, it's time.
I got a bajillion emails in the last couple of weeks.
I've tried to reply to as many as I can and unfortunately I've been sort of pooped on
by school so sorry as in I'm sort of skipping class tomorrow to finish my
homework but hey back to the mailbag I'm such a responsible student aren't I we
got an email from Robert sent us an email who had a question about guitar
hero to go ahead and quote this email is there any talk about guitar hero being
made for Japan sure red octane is as far as I know an American publisher unlike
Like Konami who did the Karaoke Revolution series overseas as well as domestically.
And the current song selections are very US and European, but do you see the game competing
well with Guitar Freaks?
I think most Bomani fans in general, and I'm making a broad generalization, of course there
are exceptions to this, I think most of the community prefers Guitar Hero over Guitar
Freaks because Guitar Hero kind of improved on the Guitar Freaks model.
So could the game do well in Japan?
I think they'd obviously have to change the song list, but go ahead
I think Guitar Hero would have the potential to do well in Japan
But the thing is you have to really focus on how the Japanese gaming market does
They're going to stick more with the Bemani series. I'm sorry because there are you know, there's Namco has a guitar series out
a few other companies have
various other ones and still the most popular of them are still the Bimani
ones even if the other ones are better. I think the most likely thing to happen if
it were to happen in Japan and please please understand this is pure
speculation I think harmonics would probably license that out to someone
else to develop a Japanese version and I think or maybe you know like I don't
think it would be that same red octane harmonics I think they would sell out
the license the idea to somebody who's interested in localizing it for Japan.
engine yeah I mean who knows you know that that seems the most likely to me
but I don't see anything happening this year I would love to see like guitar
hero visual K Edition but what's interesting is that you know guitar
freaks V is still supposedly on its way we haven't heard anything in a while but
supposedly it's still coming in Japan so it's an interesting you know it would be
interesting if guitar hero were to come out to kind of counter this but would
you know would Konami get lawsuit II over it I don't know I don't I don't know
It's it's a whole nother can of worms there. Who knows? It's all speculation. So
Um, we also have an email from our friend Rob with two bees. We have a lot of Rob's tonight
I like that. This is a good mailbag night
You'd think so, wouldn't you?
Basically just to quote the email says there wasn't a true article but a link in dig comm is copied verbatim below in his email
It appears to be true because searching Target.com does reveal several classic compilations of old Sierra titles for Windows XP.
I talked about this last week, I might add.
Okay.
I'm just saying.
I'm reading the email, which has nothing to do with last week.
But basically the Sierra game titles are being re-released from Target.com, so just go ahead and check out Target.com.
There are a whole series of them.
Police Quest, Space Quest, King's Quest
which will explain why they didn't get out of the game tab. Oh no, Space Quest is on
game tab
so I kinda was hoping King's Quest would make its way. Anyway.
Also an email from
Justin who I helped with the song title
said he saw the Lemmings game for PSP out and released in the UK
and wondering if there was a way to import it and
you know if it would even play on the US PSP the answer to that is no I don't
think because aren't they
I don't know if they're region encoded PSP's aren't yeah they're not so
actually yeah you would be able to
to play it. I would just say you know
check Amazon I order from Amazon UK all the time
the reason why it's easier to do this with handhelds where you can cross
import and all that stuff and like you know Game Boy Advance games work Japan
US doesn't matter
is because the handhelds have their own screens the biggest problem you run into
with
the UK vs the US. Anything on TV is going to be PAL vs NTSC. You got it, and until everybody's
on high def we're always going to have this problem, so. However, you know, if you've
got a high definition screen in the imported system you will not run into a problem. One
thing of note on importing UMDs is that UMD movies are always region coded, so. Oh! This
is a general rule. That's what had me thinking because I knew the movies were, I didn't know
if the games were but yeah um but no you should have I suggest honestly suggest
Amazon I order CDs through Amazon UK and a Japanese Amazon all the time in fact
I'm gonna be paying $30 for a gorilla single in a couple of weeks freak all
right hey I didn't sit on the air we did not bring you here to be a fanboy just
kidding fanboy away it's fine hi me emailed us hi me not the hi me not me
yes I do remember this she told us about the Darwinian was this her I guess I
think I know I remember the name forget it go go ahead and go on okay um on the
topic of old shows I went back to an older show and listen to you guys talk
about some new portable system that was coming out soon at that time which
happened to be called the gizmondo and how it had potential though it needed
good games
uh...
you know the golden rule of the game systems
you guys are pretty accurate on that show if i remember correctly on your
predictions for the system
i was thinking about the best of show because i still have every show since
you guys have been on itunes
still up to listen to some of them the for a good laugh thank you
some good ones are weak of
eight one oh five to eight seven oh five
With that listen, I mean, I guess this is a mat quote
Loki quote, sorry
Listen, I'm not knocking the Mac or anything because granted the processing power may be what I'm looking for their cases look cool, though
Maybe he's okay their cases are nice and then Rob
Did we just go to bizarro orange challenge radio because I just heard Loki say something nice about the Macintosh. Oh
Oh, and then you said the cases look nice, but that's all they are, just big graphing calculators inside of a nice case.
I remember him saying that.
And then breaking out the Mega Man 2 sound.
Oh, that's right. Okay, yeah. You know what, there's some funny bits in the old stuff.
You can dig 20 episodes back at O-L-R-P-S-P dot com, which will take you back to about
like November shows, but the other old stuff, you're going to have to wait until you put
out a CD.
Don't we have that wiki quote page or something?
There is a wiki quote page somewhere.
You need to put these up on wiki quote because these are hilarious.
There's one about the final thought that you did.
Yeah. It was, um, we were talking about Pizza Man.
Uh huh. And then, um, you said, uh,
no, I said, Al, your table got GTA on my elbow.
What? And then you said that, uh,
she said she got beat up by Pizza Man. And I probably played, yeah, I remember that show where we were dropping that sound effect. And you played the Mega Man theme.
Ah, check it out. Retro. But yeah, he's wanting more of our older, older, older shows.
Which, oh my god, the older shows.
Yeah, if you listen to episode one of our original live show,
or like Logan is talking in a tin can.
That's my horrible quote show, was the furry first show
when I talked about the king of iron fingering.
I don't know if that was the first, but it was the beginning.
I left the show with such a migraine,
because I was using that headset.
But you know what, those quotes that you put up,
dude, you would be our hero if you put them up on a Wiki
quote.
Or just put them on the forums.
We have a quote thread on our forums.
You should totally put them up there.
There you go.
It doesn't necessarily have to be the IRC.
OK, start a new thread on there.
Show quotes thread.
There you go.
OK.
Any other emails?
Yeah, we have a couple more, right?
Two more.
All right.
Let's hear it.
This is from Sakarina.
Hi, Sakarina, one of our big old regulars.
Hi, buddy, one of our Canadian listeners.
According to posters on DSMeat, actually it's DSMeat.com
UK game retailer chain GAME is selling a third-party headset for the DS.
Apparently the headset works with mic-enabled games such as Nintendogs, and mic quality
is much better than the one built in the DS.
I think UK gamers might want to pick one of these up once Metroid Prime Hunters hits the
streets in May for Europeans in March for North American gamers.
That's the thing I always hated about Xbox Live and like people will be talking during
like full auto and stuff and I can't understand anything because I can't hear the sound effects
in music and if only they had better mics or weren't stupid.
Not being stupid does help.
We also, the last email comes from Aceman in Calgary.
Hi!
I like our Canadian listeners.
Of course.
I love Canada.
I'm actually, I am probably taking a trip to Canada.
You know what's funny?
on celebrating I've taken a vacation this is a me trip not a work trip the
last couple weeks was a work trip I'm gonna be taking a me trip I'm gonna
celebrate 4th of July in Canada that's going to Canada voluntarily yes I love
Vancouver I want to go to Vancouver where I'm going I've never ever left the
United States and it looks like my trip to London next year is getting pushed
back again due to money so I really want to go to Canada I'm we're definitely
thinking about doing a fourth of July in Canada just to be ironic I think we'll
be fine so we'll see um I'll let you know anyway um there's a link on a the
sent to us by ace man about you a bowl deciding did not do any more video game
movies and there was much rejoicing yay and and actually it's a relink to a
you're a gamer article about you a bowl and basically it's a whole interview up
there and I'll see if I can't find the link to post in our chat room and maybe
repost on our website but basically there's a regarding the feedback that
he's received from gamers to quote the dangerous thing right now is that a lot
of people bash me without thinking about the movies it's fashionable to hit on
Unbelievable and this is what I don't get and I don't get why this comes so harshly from the game, press
There's another quote on here
I won't say I won't acquire another video game license in the future
But I'm not so eager to do it anymore to be honest after Far Cry
Maybe I'll go away from video game based movies and everybody can be really happy about it. Yes
We will are we supposed to be sympathetic because I'm not I'm not at all dude
he just you know I actually clicked on the the you're a you're a gamer article
I love you're a gamer if they have some of the best stuff but then another quote
on here says if people don't see that then it's not my problem but I think
that those people who hate me or want to bash me normal people people who buy
movies or watch TV they see that absolutely you know what um why don't
you just actually pay attention to what the gamers are telling you take it as
feedback like any real professional would hello and actually follow that
feedback and put out a quality product instead of taking your own stupid little
take on it because you're just screwing it up and that's why people are bashed
you know maybe if people are bashing you it's because there's a reason they're
doing it and not necessarily because you know I'm sure one or two people out there
are just doing it to be buttheads but you know if you're getting it from me
and from the community as a whole world essentially
well I'm I'm focusing on the gaming community
but if you're focused but if you're getting this feedback from the gaming
community as a whole
why not listen you know you're taking
series that we all the least chunks of us
love and making a travesty of it you know
why not do what they're doing with Silent Hill? They're freaking working with Konami
on this
here's what he has to understand here's he doesn't get it because
He's getting all those people saying that the movie sucks, but he's selling millions
and millions of copies on DVD or whatever.
Here's my analogy to the whole thing.
I'm under the assumption dog crap probably tastes like dog crap.
It's probably not very good.
Okay, well we know it's bad, but I'm not going to know how bad until I actually chew on a
piece of dog crap.
Same goes with Uwe Boll's movies.
I know they're bad, but I'm not going to subject myself to them to know how bad they really
are I just know they're so awful that I'm not gonna watch them worst analogy
ever actually I think the dog crap one is fairly rebel relevant fine mailbag at
orange lounge radio.com send us some love we love to get emails Oh baby more
interaction to come a little later here in the program but first a couple more
stories we are gonna open Skype line very very very soon but not until we get
a story from Loki about Windows.
Go Windows.
Yes, Windows will be enhanced with Origami.
No, I don't know.
Windows Vista is going to have a gamer enhanced version.
Yes, that's right.
They're going to actually have basically this Windows Vista ultimate with a game performance
tweaker in it.
It's basically targeted towards high end PC users.
And they're going to have, I don't know, it's just another excuse for you to buy a damn
operating system.
It's going to have DirectX 10 stuff in there of course, because it's brand new Windows.
But I don't know.
It's one of like seven different versions of Vista that's coming out.
All of which no one will pay for and download off the internet.
So yeah, alright, I got a quick story for you guys here.
VIA Technologies has announced that they are establishing a training center for pro gamers.
It's called the House of Chrome and it's going to be in Sweden.
This was actually originally created for VIA's sponsored pro gaming team Girls of Destruction
for them to train, but they will have guests and amateur gamers as well as upcoming contest
winners.
You could go to like game summer camp and train to be a girl of destruction or something
like that.
That's hot.
They have girls there.
That's awesome.
So that's what they do in Sweden.
I can meet a real girl.
We have an angry listener in Sweden who just unsubscribed from that.
Alright, anyway, Dark Sakura, you have a quick one for us too.
Do I?
no actually I know it is um Microsoft is gonna start releasing a $10 best of type
deal isn't that cool best of platinum hits is what they're called like the
best of the bet what games for ten ten bucks isn't bad is there good stuff in
there or am I gonna be subjected to like you know Barbie paradise whatever a lot
of Tom Clancy stuff like almost like all the old ones like Ghost Recon blah blah
first goes recon, Tony Hawk's Underground, Pro Skater 4, True Crime Streets of LA, Counter
Strike, Elder Scrolls 3, Enter the Matrix, that's a pretty decent one, Fusion Frenzy,
Mech Assault, Project Gotham 2, Shrek 2, and the one that makes me happy is Soul Calibur
2, which I already own on several systems, but still, Soul Calibur 2, which is really
cool.
That's cool, and it's like one of those things like, just buy it already if you don't have
it.
gonna show a lot of love for the listeners they would actually put out you
know recreate the Dreamcast fishing controller so that we could do rod
caliber oh stop it I know I some of our listeners may not have heard this on the
Dreamcast for soul caliber you can take the fishing rod and play soul caliber
with the fishing rod controller aka rod caliber yeah we are we're gonna go to
to the skype line and we're going to pick up some calls here over on the
skype line www.orangelauntrader.com click on chat with us or interact with us
and you can call us on skype you can also pick up the phone and call us on
916 226 90 67 but please make sure you ask whoever owns the phone line first if
you can call because this is a toll call unless you happen to live in Sacramento
California. Let's go to the line and pick up a call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Holy crap, I made it on. Hi, who's this?
It's Ranma. Who else would it be? Hi Ranma, how are you?
I'm good. This was my buddy at KatsuKan.
Ranma's the reason I went to KatsuKan and put up with
six people at my panel. So, no, it was great though. It was a good
experience and I met some good... I did a lot of networking which was really good,
so
it was a good time. Dude, you gotta come back for thirteen.
Thinking about it, I already told you my Diva line.
I'll only do it if my panel's at a certain time.
Hey, I'll help you out with that.
All right, sounds good.
Hey, I just want you to know that the gifts
that you sent along, I just handed out before the show.
So we have our matching Mario hats as like a present,
a late Christmas present, I guess, to Orange Lounge.
We're just a present for no real reason.
We got little Mario hats.
And I have an S for Sky, a red hat.
And then Dark Sakura has a pink hat for Princess DS Dark Sakura, and then Loki has an L for
not Luigi, but Loki, and a green hat, and it's really cool.
So we love the hats.
Thank you.
I'm so glad you like them.
What else is on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
I just came back from playing a couple of rounds of Drunken DDR this weekend.
Hot.
How'd that go?
The drinks weren't as strong as I thought they were, so I really couldn't get drunk
per se.
You know, the only time I ever really played drunk DDR was in Vegas, and I still got, like
this is when DDR was still new, and you would always get a crowd every time you played,
and you should have seen the crowd I got playing DDR while drunk, and I just remember, like
when you would do jumps, very heavy the jumps felt.
Very heavy.
So.
Alright.
You ever notice when you're playing DDR, you turn around after two songs, you have
like this entire crowd behind you, you just, and then on your next song you just fuck up
and then turn around people are gone I know it's it's kinda
it's like a it's like American Idol or something
it's like American Idol or something you screw up one week BAM you're voted off
I know it's just we're just playing DDR I mean
this weekend I was the only one that could really play everybody was just giving me requests
hey that's cool and I finally
checked out Strike it's not bad oh yeah I haven't checked it out yet
DDR Strike which just came out in Japan what's your favorite new song in Strike?
I must have drank it more than I suppose because I can't remember the one song I love the most on there.
I've heard a lot of good things about the new Akira song.
I don't think I played that one.
I'm sure.
It's a good song.
Doll? I've heard a lot of good things about Doll.
Let's Dance, David Bowie, you know that's got to rock.
I'm so excited about that.
That's the one.
There it is, alright, there you go.
That loves me some David Bowie.
All right, Rama, we gotta get to other callers, but anything else you want to share with our listeners?
When is Loki doing more fusions?
Oh, we need doing more fusion mixes, Loki. It's been a while.
Don't you have anything on MySpace? You haven't plugged that in a long time.
Yeah, but it doesn't have anything new on it, though.
No, still, a lot of our podcast listeners probably don't even know you do these.
MySpace.com slash Loki Fusion.
It's all one word, Loki Fusion.
Yeah, all one word.
I don't know. I've been dabbling, but I haven't...
The last thing I did was the not finished version of Legend of the Trance 2006 or something.
That was about the last thing I did. I haven't really done anything since then.
I've been fighting writer's block, trying to do something original for that Konami contest thing.
But yeah, it hasn't been working out too well.
It's tough, I used to be able to do it so easy,
back when I was working with like Techno EJ2 years ago.
Such a very elementary program,
but it's very easy to come up with stuff.
And now it's a lot harder though,
when you're working with better samples
and different programs and stuff,
it's not as user friendly as the old ones.
All right, Rama, we gotta let you go get some more calls,
but thanks so much for your phone call, okay?
Got it, see you laters.
See ya.
By the way, I forgot to mention tonight
a very special edition of the skype line we're gonna play mention the Oscars get
hung up on it's gonna be fun because the chat room is lit up with talk about the
Oscars right now you do know that all those votes are bought right and the
Oscars don't mean shit I just want you to know okay and they're getting Xbox
360s and you're not I don't know that's completely pure speculation pulled out
of my shame on you shame okay so mention the Oscars get hung up on tonight on
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, you there?
We're having a hard time hearing you, buddy. So sorry. Gotta let you go.
Be sure to give Echo123 a call and you can always hear what you sound like there,
or of course, you can always try the phone number 916-226-9067, which generally has very few problems.
Let's try another call. Hi, you're on orange lounge radio
Hey, how's it going? Hi good. Who's this?
This is DMN. Hi DMN. What's on your mind, buddy?
Well first I want to know if you guys have heard have any thoughts on a Tetris DS. I
Cannot wait for Tetris DS because I have very fond memories of Tetris on the Gameboy
And I just I love that they're just redoing it and it's gonna be the whole like ten players
locally and all that stuff it's gonna be a good time great party game everybody
got Tetris is like the anybody can play Tetris that's the nice thing about it
it's such an easily accessible game you know I think it's gonna make it a lot of
fun and get new people you know on the DS and stuff it's gonna be a good time
you can say well I tested it and I had a huge blast with it you tested it yeah I
kind of work over at Nintendo oh oh too bad you're under ndas or I'd be I'd be
grilling you for the scoop right now it's worth the 30 bucks when it comes
out I guarantee it awesome that's a great tip what about I have to ask
Metroid Prime Hunters I'm kind of getting mixed mixed feelings on this one
did you get well oh I played the demo I have the demo my impressions that are
that first-person shooters do not work on a portables I played doom and on the
GBA and it was terrible the demo was just atrocious I don't think it's gonna
to do well at all.
Now, I gotta ask, since you work in the inside, and maybe this is NDA, so feel free to deflect
if you must, but do you know something about the revolution that the rest of the world
doesn't?
I know the same thing you do right now, which is nothing.
We haven't seen it in the department.
Interesting.
Huh.
Well, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
What's going on over there?
Well, I might as well plug my anime convention up here.
I'm the gaming manager of Sakura Con.
It's in downtown Seattle.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
It's going to be March 24th of the 26th.
Son of a gun.
Somebody's trying to get me to come up to Sakura Con.
It's one of those things where it's like if I can get the time off work, I would go, but
I don't know.
It's over a weekend, right?
Different weekend as what?
Well, I mean, it's Friday through Sunday, right?
Yeah, it's Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
You'd be totally stupid to have a con during the week, so I hope so.
Hey, tell that to the people who do anime expo, okay?
I don't know, I'd be down for at least a day of that.
How can I pass up Sakurakan?
We'll think of a way to get there. I don't know. It's gonna take some clever plotting.
Seattle's not that far of a flight from here. I'll have to open up the cosplay box
and break out the bike in costume. We'll see what we can do.
We're also venturing a new part of DDR. We're combining a DDR and a game show, so we're gonna
see how that works out awesome I want to see this hey if we come up can we get
like a panel or something or is it too late don't I think it's a little late
but um I could probably see if I could swing you guys in as a you know industry
guests or something that would rock let's talk offline send us an email okay
all right no problem Jamie all right we'll see what we can do all right take
care all right take care bye bye bye I think the vendor I met was gonna go to
that same convention it was also trying to get me to go up a lot of people were
telling me about that convention that's pretty cool that was that was a very
random call dude worked at Nintendo big big big big wig in this convention that
were who would have thought someone who knew people listen to this program
thought someone in the Washington working at Nintendo also later in the
year my husband and I were planning a trip to go to Prosser and Kennewick
because well his family lives in Prosser hmm and so we've been up to Washington
state before and we've been sort of thinking about looking for housing right
around though like in Washington if we want to go we got a book a flight like
this week you know my husband once once me and him to move to Washington which
I've said no I wonder I'm gonna talk to my friend in Seattle see what we can
cook up all right so I will see well see no promises let's do one more call I'm
I'm gonna go over here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hi, who's this?
Intended Maniac 64.
Hi, what's on your mind?
I'm real angry.
Keep Orange Lounge Radio to work in Winamp.
Orange Lounge Radio doesn't work in Winamp?
What's going on?
I don't know.
Keeps asking me to log in with my Live 365 account.
Live 365 gives us issues sometimes.
Are you letting the computer retain cookies?
You know what, do us a favor, send live365 an email.
I wish there was more we could do on that end, but there's really unfortunately not
a lot.
Believe me though, we are aware and every time things like this happen, it makes us
not want to be there anymore.
But you know, we're kind of stuck for right now.
Well I'm living with real player right now, I know, many people don't like it.
works. I use iTunes sometimes, but the thing is that Winamp is the only way you can get MP3 Pro.
Little known fact, the podcast is actually encoded in MP3 Pro, so if you listen to the podcast in
Winamp with the codec, it actually sounds a lot cleaner, so just a little thought there. Okay,
cool. All right, well Nintendo Maniac, thanks for the call. Anything else you want to share?
Unlike the last guy, I'm actually excited about Metroid Prime Hunters.
any particular reason why well online multiplayer maybe I guess yeah yeah
that's another online player I'm just curious if that's gonna be as cool as it
sounds I'm looking forward to it though okay all right take care buddy thanks
for calling see ya later all right thank you guys so much for calling in we
appreciate it there that's our skype line let's get back into the news for
one last story here tonight
actually first before I get to the last story I'll go around see if there's any last
minute entries here
Loki because I think I saw you bring up something on the origami is that like a
last minute
edition here? It was just a picture of it and it's a little bit smaller than the
concept video that they show because that video is pretty old
but still I think I could
take somebody out with this thing. We've been given this thing a hard time
tonight
honestly if I have the money to throw away on something like if I was a
a business person that made a lot of money, maybe I would check this out.
But until we hear about some gaming stuff, it's still going to be the butt of our jokes.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Anyways.
Well, first thing I got to mention, because this is like a major story, we're just kind
of glancing over.
Oh, sorry.
DS Lite actually launched in Japan.
Oh, yeah.
I thought you covered...
And it's so pretty.
I thought you covered this on one of the mini-shows for some reason.
Well, I may have mentioned it, but yeah, DS Lite launched.
It's pretty, it's bright.
That's everything we had hoped for, so yeah, that's kind of cool.
And then, what else was I going to mention here, of course, if you like, what was I going
to say, Geometry Wars, there's a nice little knockoff here you can download at www.incitti.com
slash blitz, and they've got a nice little game you can play here that's a clone of Geometry
Wars 3, and also another game called Marble Insanity, which is just like Marble Madness.
And unfortunately, that's not available for download yet, but it looks really sweet with
what they're doing.
And finally, of course, Rockstar announced a new game that they're making this week,
and it's Table Tennis!
Yes!
Table Tennis for the 360!
Oh yeah!
Nothing that I would rather have more than Grand Theft Auto is...
Table Tennis!
Unfortunately, you can't take people's heads off of the, you know, the ping pong ball,
but um...
Yeah.
I get it.
There's a code that you put in and the chick will start doing tricks with ping pong balls,
right?
And as I mentioned before, Trauma Center is coming out for the revolution, so it's according
to the IGN podcast.
If you didn't get that joke, by the way, ask your mommy and daddy.
Don't tell them you heard it here.
Ubisoft announced that they're going to be releasing a new Rainbow Six game for next
Gen consoles, Rainbow Six Vegas. And this has actually come from the brand new issue
of EGM. So, looks pretty sweet so far. And also, Bungie says that I Love Bees 2 is fake.
So... I hate viral marketing because viral marketing is not viral anymore. It's just
because viral marketing is not viral anymore it's just no one cares it's
trendy it's stupid it's like before you know people didn't know what they were
advertising it was just something that's like wow is this you know and you try to
figure out more information like the whole thing with about the Xbox 360 that
was kind of cool because you know they they were leaking information through
there and stuff but you know having a counter on Ubisoft's you know site you
splinter cell site you know saying it happens to be counting back 360 hours
hmm I wonder if that could be an announcement for the splinter cell for
the 360 or you know whatever it's just retarded just my rant there all right
dark soccer you have any last stories for us just out of curiosity anything
you've been holding out on just wanted to check I will continue to keep my
secrets all right well here I have something that might interest you this
seems like something you'd get a kick out of because it's Sega related and we
know you're a Sega fangirl here it is and this is a story that ran on joystick
earlier this week did you know that there was a pen and teller Sega CD game
it was I didn't know that it was pen and teller smoke and mirrors is what it was
called it was never released actually which is why you've probably never heard
of it but get this there actually is a torrent out there now floating on the
internet so you can download it burn it and just load it up in the Sega CD
there's actually a part in this game that the article talks about called the
desert bus minigame you drive a bus in the desert your goal is to go from
Tucson Arizona to Las Vegas your bus never goes more than 45 miles an hour so
the trip takes approximately eight hours in real time to make there's no scenery
or even other cars on the road just plain desert for eight hours oh and your
bus veers to the right just slightly so it's impossible to just take down a
button and go do something else rumor has it that if you make it to Vegas you
score one point sounds awesome can't wait to play it I never released imagine
that I have one more story but it's quite funny okay I wanted the last story
hmm French developer cyanide has launched their online home of their
forthcoming action RPG Loki you ass there's not a whole lot of content on
the site at the moment just a forum and some screenshots but my guess is gonna
be it's based around my life shut up as exciting as it is trolls and all no but
um I just had to point out because you know it's funny all right on that
egotistical note it's time to end the show our special guest spike our buddy
spike thank you so much for being here tonight thank you for having me and and
laughing at our jokes which makes us feel good and and praising the almighty
dark sakura i noticed at certain points there during the show make my ego grow
it's just awesome just add water okay actually i'm really excited now to go
download this pen and teller game i know let me know how the bus driving goes uh
any final thoughts for our listeners
quiz and dragons look buddy that's a challenge you're issuing a
challenge here all right uh loki your final thought
uh...
yeah i'm gonna i can't wait to play some new games this week
burnout and uh...
like i guess burnout is not exactly a new game but
i don't know
i looked forward to playing burnout again
uh... my final thought is the oscars are a sham
why don't you just go watch a movie that looks interesting and not that somebody
told you to watch or told you that was good
make up your own mind
They pay millions of dollars for those ads in variety.
It's a sham. Go outside.
Support independent films too. You can watch a big blockbuster once in a while, but don't forget to go to your
local art house cinema because you might be missing something good. Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Reject false icons. Alright, from us here at Orange Lounge Radio to all of you,
thanks so much for joining us back here after our little break,
and thanks for not forgetting about us. Support independent podcasts.
hello all games dot com we're very happy to be here and that's it
thank you so much have a wonderful week we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production
For more information on our live and podcast programs
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next week!
