Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco
Tonight, March 12th, 2006
The PSP gets a facelift, Guitar Hero 2 is announced
And we talk about some of the best games never released
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio, this being episode
number 176 for this March the 12th of 2006.
Thank you guys so much for downloading us, listening to us live, whatever the case may
be.
You know, if you are listening to us live via OrangeLoungeRadio.com, we're on an exciting
up to high new bit rate so it's really great. We have a new sound for our
broadband listeners
which is awesome. Also hello to any folks that might be listening to us through
our new allgames.com syndication.
Just many many ways for you guys to check out Orange Lounge Radio. We're
spreading the love like a bad
VD. Anyway my name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me as always
say hello to the one and only
Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers. How you doing?
What's frustrating? You were in such a good mood just like two minutes ago.
I wasn't in a good mood because your mocha attacked me.
I do appreciate the...
I'm chocolaty good, dammit.
Well now you smell like chocolate, so...
I smelled like cherries before, I'd rather.
You know, chocolate covered cherries is a delicacy in some places.
Say hello also to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
Alright.
Sounds good.
Once in a while we'd like to invite somebody special to come on the show.
Say hello to our local buddy, Bugd.
I'm just special now?
You're very special.
Okay.
Bugd has known me for how long?
How long have you known me, Bugd?
I can't admit this.
What?
No, I can't.
Why?
I just can't.
Well, then I'll say it.
It's probably been at least...
Seventeen.
Seventeen years?
You're kidding.
Oh, my gosh.
No, I guess it has been ten years since high school.
That's why I didn't want to admit it.
Oh, my God.
See?
Exactly.
Some of our listeners are 17, even younger than that.
Oh, my gosh.
All right.
All right, well here we are another week talk about those games that we love and adore especially games that don't suck
But you know once in a while
We got to tell you about the ones that do just to tell you to stay away from them
Let's get into it as we start off every week with a little bit of how is your gaming week a chance for us?
To tell you what's going on in our gaming world
Because we're gamers just like you Dark Sakura. What do you been playing this week?
Not much of anything because my week has been really
you know busy with me dropping school and stuff.
I quit school to play video games.
Way to set an example for those seventeen-year-olds listening. I dropped a class due to
time constraints, I've played Animal Crossing and Puzzle Fighter.
Puzzle Fighter, now that's an oldie but goodie. And we've had some
burnout going on in the house and I've been avoiding it like the plague. Why?
Because that game gives me a headache. Oh, because all the motion and stuff?
that's right I'm you know it because of the really loudness that Dan has our TV
turned up to
it's funny you bring a puzzle fighter in college because in college that is a lot
of what I did is play puzzle fighter me my old roommate used to play that
a lot like it was scary how much we play puzzle fighter a lot
okay now I'm having like another bike that made me twitch because it just made
me realize that yes I am older than you are
because not by much what I was playing in college was
The Saturn had just come out and my friend imported one
and we were playing Gundam. It makes you feel better. That was like... KOF 95
and I had a Playstation in my room and we were playing Toshinden all the time.
If it makes you feel better this was like my junior year. My freshman year was
all about Super Mario Kart because I was the only kid in the dorm with the Super
Nintendo.
I had a Super Nintendo and by the way you're making me cry because of next month.
You're also one of the few that were sober.
My birthday is next month. That's right but you're having a big birthday
extravaganza right can't wait I get so drunk I forget it's my birthday and this
year this year you might need that but don't we still love you age is just a
number yeah all right Loki how's your gaming week been good been playing both
the new burnout well not quite new burnout new to the Xbox 360 burnout and
Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter. Burnout hasn't really changed they made it a lot
blurrier and I guess higher resolution textures but everything's so blurry and
dark it's I don't know it's tough sometimes finding out where you're going
headache inducing not headache inducing but just you know trying to see down
like a tunnel where driving 200 miles an hour and everything's like like I got
cataracts or something. It's just not good. I don't like what they're doing with these
games where they're putting this like halo effect on everything. So to hide the fact
that the textures aren't quite as good as they should be and the edges aren't quite
as smooth as they should be. Listen, we know that the case is that these textures aren't
as good or the graphics aren't as good. You don't need to try to hide it by making everything
blurry. Don't pull a Nintendo 64. Now I'm curious, how does a game like Burnout compare
to full auto because to me, and let's keep in mind I don't usually play a whole lot
of racing games, to me they're both cars plus destruction equals fun.
So is one superior to the other?
What's the deal?
Burnout is more racing, whereas full auto is more blowing stuff up, because they have,
granted they do have crash mode in burnout, but...
Burnout lacks weapons.
Yeah, you don't have weapons, and also for some reason the burnout in the 360 is a lot
harder than I remember being on the Playstation 2.
Like you smash in the cars and they just do not want to crash.
It's really, you know, the AI is a lot harder this time.
Which I guess is good, but you know, the crash junctions are still fun and stuff.
The graphics are a little bit better, the car models are more detailed so you see more
damage being done to them, but it's not like, ooh, this is a brand new game.
I'm waiting for the next Burnout to come out, and that'll be good.
I'm willing to take donations of Xbox 360s, Burnout, and FlatOut to make all these, whatever
the hell the thing is called, FlatOut sucked.
It just FlatOut sucked.
FlatOut 2 is coming out soon as well.
Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter.
What can I say about that?
The game is beautiful.
That is just amazing.
This is probably one of the killer apps for the 360.
The only problem is the learning curve is incredibly high.
For example, I have never played a Ghost Recon game in my life and I tried this today.
Now granted it's very pretty and stuff and I kind of got the handle of how to work things,
but actually throwing me down into missions is about as effective as throwing me down
into a mission in Call of Duty 2 on veteran mode.
Basically it's like walking into the Iraq war without any training and hoping to survive.
It's just not, I don't know.
It could be fun.
really need to like get better at it but the game itself looks amazing just the whole story
part where you're flying over Mexico City it looks it's just wow it's really good.
And then on top of that of course I've been playing Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories
I'm very excited that they're gonna be releasing a new Grand Theft Auto on the PSP soon and
Liberty City Stories is supposed to be coming out on the Playstation 2 at the end of April
So that should be interesting, hopefully we'll have online multiplayer with that.
But yeah, right now just kind of starting to finally get back into my winning streaks
again and kicking lots of ass.
So it's fun.
How's online in Burnout?
I haven't played online in Burnout yet.
Full auto though.
I was playing full auto this weekend, playing online in full auto and I have some major
complaints about it.
Not all the races count because of this weird glitch that's in the game.
I've played races upon races, like 10 different races, and I look back at my leaderboard and
see how many points I have, and the same amount of points, even though I came in first in
these races, and it says the number of races hasn't gone up, so nothing's counting.
So I'm wasting my damn time on this stupid thing.
Isn't that because people are dropping before the race is actually finished?
I don't know what the case is, but there is a big problem with people dropping out of
the races in this game.
It's really bad.
You know, half the players drop out at the very end.
ever leave them negative feedback because I have a problem people like
randomly boot me from games and marble blast and it's not like I'm any good so
I don't know why they're booting me from the game I don't even have a headset so
it's not like I can trash talk them but they boot me from the game so I'd leave
them negative feedback when they do that well a lot of time it's hard for me
remember who's you know dropped out of the game because you know they're not
gonna appear at the very end or I don't know it's just I'm trying to get the
last few achievements in full auto and those are the online ones and I'm up to
rank 8 right now. So I only have two more to go, but it's really hard when it's not
counting half the races that you're playing. I can be playing it for three hours and only
count two races. I mean, it's just a waste of time. And they really need to fix this
kind of stuff. We'll get into this later about how these games are coming out really glitchy
and buggy and they're just letting it go to market real quick. Because they can fix it
later by patching it. That's just a poor excuse of programming.
else? Bug, anything in your gaming week? No, actually I started up Diablo II again. I started
up Diablo II again, and I've been bringing up old characters that I've found laying around
on other old CDs. Is there still a big online community for Diablo II? I don't care. You
don't play online? No. Sometimes I'll play with other local people, set up Hamachi to
do local network sort of thing because with Hamachi you can just basically
everybody it looks like everybody's on the same network hmm I I yeah I haven't
touched Diablo 2 and probably like years but I have you ever played World of
Warcraft no I'm kind of surprised because it to me there's a lot of
similarities. I don't play subscription games. I know. That whole lack of funding. Okay have you ever thought about
Guild Wars? No. Because Guild Wars isn't subscription based and yeah but it's not
World of Warcraft but it's almost it's got a lot of the same elements I mean it
isn't but you know there's the look and feel is very similar to me anyway yeah
all right I'll stick to Blizzard all right anything else definitely no
fucking Final Fantasy shit you know what's funny about Final Fantasy yeah I
know you two are going back into it Shane's trying to get me back into Final
Fantasy 11 and I think I'm gonna do it addict we're gonna we're gonna start
over on a new server. Actually though, you going back to that actually reminds me I did
do something else gaming related. Oh? I'm uh, downloading Ragnarok Online again. Oh
god. Addict. I'm going to be playing Ragnarok Online on a private server. Isn't that sad
that we've all gone back to the crack games that we used to play? I can't go back to World
of Warcraft until after I get finances sold, so like, well crap. I need gaming crack. You
know, I'm actually still paying for PSO Blue Burst and I forgot. Ooh, cancel that crap.
Do you know how long I was paying for PSO on Xbox and wasn't even using it?
Sad. So you have to pay for
live plus PSO? On the old Xbox, yes.
Unless you're Julie.
She hasn't had to. They haven't built her.
Thanks to the new setup on Xbox 360, I think games like Final Fantasy XI that won't
apply.
Because you know there's the whole Xbox Live Silver and Xbox Live Gold.
Well, you don't pay for silver. Silver comes with your Xbox 360
and silver is enough to, you know, get your account, your basics, and see who's
online and stuff, but you can't actually play games against people.
But silver is all you need to connect to play online and then you pay Sony to do
It's just like Windows XP. In a way.
Yeah, you can get online but you can't do shit until you actually buy the real stuff.
I think we're gonna see a lot of connectivity between
Windows Vista especially and the Xbox 360.
I think it's just very natural that Microsoft is going to try and interlink all that
best we can. Of course, absolutely. Well, they're already trying to link the
Media Center Edition 2005 because all the ads for like the Gateway
machines coming out with that are listing. If you look at the bottom it says
compatible with Xbox 360.
Well, you know I saw some link on the internet somewhere where you can link your Mac
to the Xbox 360 now. Yeah, connect 360.
Yeah, something like that. So I was going to check that out for my new little lappy
Laptop Mr. iBook. But yeah, I'm probably gonna get back into Final Fantasy 11. At least,
I'm gonna try it and see if I can rediscover my love for the game, because
you know I left the game because the guild selling thing got out of control
and they banned all those people, so
I'm gonna give it another shot. We're gonna try... I am really curious about
this expansion that's coming out for Final Fantasy 11, The Treasures of Odd Oregon,
especially because now they have the puppet master class, which looks pretty
cool. They just added this week, announced
Blue Mage, and Shane's really excited about being a pirate.
So, uh, he's trying to convince me to get back into it.
Or Corsair, sorry. He's trying to convince me to get back into it, and I'm like, oh, okay.
What?
Buck Pirate, Rectal Buccaneer.
Shut up.
Anything else?
Alright, uh, let's see, my gaming week.
Um, I've been playing a little bit of Xbox 360, uh, Loki loaned me some games.
I was playing Perfect Dark Zero, which I just, I'm sorry, I couldn't get into it.
I see why people really enjoy this game. I mean, as far as first-person shooters go,
it is pretty intricate and a lot of fun.
But for me, no, it wasn't doing it for me so I don't think I'm really gonna play
through it much more.
Ridge Racer 6, pretty cool, pretty cool. I suck at it,
but it's really pretty looking. For me, see, I enjoy the destruction when
it comes to car games. I love
me some destruction, so I think I'm gonna be back to full auto and burnout.
But Ridge Racer was kinda fun, and I guess there's a demo on
360 now if you want to check this out. Yeah, there's a demo on Xbox Live. Very cool.
And one game I got back into it was a game I bought when I finally got my
Xbox 360 but never really played a lot of,
Cameo. And I'm starting to like this game a little more than when I first played it
because
the first time I played it, it was all like really overwhelming to me, like that
first level that you have to go through.
But once you beat that level, like there's a story event that happens that
kinda
makes you start again from scratch, and so I felt that was kinda a better way to
kind of start the game for me was kind of learning everything from scratch you
know what I mean it was easier for me to get into when it why wasn't like
overwhelmed with everything at once but to the game's credit it's got a pretty
good help system in it like you can always ask your little like it's just
like in Zelda you know how that fairy follows you and you can always ask the
fairy for help well in this one it's a little dude that's like in the book and
you can always ask the book for help so you know it helps idiots only find their
way through partners in time oh I'm sure a lot a lot of games adapt the same idea
now so and so I'm enjoying that game and just other stuff on xbox live arcade I
have probably downloaded damn near every game they offer on xbox live arcade it's
kind of sad not everything I didn't get back em in her heart saying that crap
but I did get I got bejeweled why did I buy pitch why I don't know why I just I
were I know cuz I'm a sucker and I wanted to play it in pretty pretty HD
and maybe get cuz I I I wanted to see if I get some more achievement points but
here's the thing but jeweled has harder achievement points and like any game
I've seen on Xbox Live Arcade seriously you have to be a bejeweled master to get achievement points in that game
It's sick the best bet for achievement points, and I was reading they actually have this article. That's on GameSpot right now
It's how to score 6,000 easy achievement points, and it's sports games or where you get the freaking easy ass points
Yeah, yeah
I'm going to a chat room www.orinslawandtrader.com click on chat reading some feedback here in the chat room
let's see GK 128 says cameo is terrible
I don't know if I'd call it terrible is
it is it as good as Zelda hell no is it
even as good as fable probably not but
is it entertaining for me for a little
while yes is it worth 60 bucks no it's
not $60 it's 50 now right it was always
50 yeah was it okay yeah I really like
that people say something is terrible
without stating why well you know I'm
sure it's a terrible game because the
The story line is retarded and I don't like the game and it's too happy.
Why is the story line retarded?
The story line is retarded because it revolves around this stupid fairy that freaking kidnaps
your parents or whatever and you have to use these gems.
That just illustrates something to me.
What?
That when people say, oh this sucks, say specifically why so that people have some idea what you're
talking about.
You know what, some of the dialogue in the game is a little lame.
Like they have these real lame jokes, like the old guy in the book and the little witch
with one eye or whatever have this little back and forth thing going on.
But it's really like canned humor.
It's like canned sitcom laughter type jokes.
It's pretty bad.
So honestly you put a game like Cameo next to a Zelda or next to a better type of adventure
game and it is kind of sad.
But you have to remember it's a launch title.
And launch titles usually, unless you're Nintendo, aren't your best games.
You know, one of my favorite games ever that was a launch title was Jumping Flash on PlayStation.
Oh, I don't even remember that.
It's a little mechanical rabbit, and I played the hell out of the demo.
Well, here's the thing about Cameo. Cameo is more like Spyro than it is like Zelda.
They were trying to position it to be like a Zelda killer, and no.
Well, isn't it more like the Banjo-Kazooie or Banjo-Tooie or whatever?
Exactly, yeah.
Which was just made to exist not necessarily be good
Well, the one thing that they need to keep in mind is that when you're trying to come up with a game that's gonna go
against the big names they
Not only do they have quality to worry about they also have reputation to worry about and I'm sorry
Nothing's gonna really dethrone the Zelda franchise the Final Fantasy franchise
fantasy star
besides itself
There was actually I was reading in the chairman before the show started a lot of hate going around for Final Fantasy crystal chronicles
which you know was a radical departure from the Final Fantasy franchise and you know kind of I
Don't think the GameCube was the best system for that game. It's human nature for to just hate on whatever is different
I don't think anything with Final Fantasy and the word crystal and it should be ever, you know
Made available because or mystic in the title
Yeah, I'm thinking about Mystic Quest.
Any quest in the title of a Final Fantasy game?
Didn't they call Final Fantasy Mystic Quest in Japan Final Fantasy USA?
Because that just, I could've sworn I read that somewhere and I'm like, that just makes us look bad.
I tried playing, well, then again, our Super Mario 2 was out over there, Super Mario USA.
But it had already existed over there in, what, Doki Doki Panic, right?
Yeah.
But differently, you know.
But it wasn't Mario.
Yeah.
It's amazing what a little Italian plumber can do for your game, huh?
But also keep in mind that a lot of times when we get the RPGs over here, they repackage
it for Japan as the international version because it's got more stuff in it.
Square does that an awful lot, I think about 10 and all that stuff, yeah, absolutely.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news.
That's what we're here to do, let you guys know what's going on in the gaming world and
bitch about it.
Loki, we're going to start off with you tonight.
Here's something some PSP owners might bitch about.
What do you think?
They redesigned the PSP.
Not surprising, actually it's something we've been talking about for weeks now.
And it's just kind of, you know, I don't know, not very surprising.
Basically this comes from Any Cool News.
It's this guy, Joseph Merrick, who's saying that he's got the insider information about
their new PSP system, including that it's going to be a more sleeker, slimmed down version
of the PSP, including a 4GB flash drive and a digital camera.
No word on what the price is going to be.
How Nintendo of them is all I can think of.
But it's supposed to be released around Christmas.
Is this Sony doing a knee-jerk reaction to the insanity of the DS Lite in Japan?
I think so, but here's the thing about the PSP, I don't see, unless you're pirating
games to the memory stick. I don't know why you would need more than a gig. I mean, unless
you're dumping a lot of stuff on there. Four gigs. They're trying to make it...
Well wait, if it comes with a digital camera, then they're trying, you know, it's going
to be a camera device too. Well I hope the camera doesn't suck. What
actually I heard there was like a cell phone camera that they had in their Sony Ericsson
camera is what they're being used, going to use for it.
Which will be VGA. The problem, the problem though with the camera
initially when they were showing it off, I guess, was that the camera was where the PSP
logo is right now.
In other words, it's facing the user, so it would be used as like a webcam.
We're watching you.
Which is kind of stupid, but obviously I'm sure that's going to be fixed later on.
I don't see the real need for this.
I mean, a 4 gig hard drive in there as well.
Is it going to be a hard drive or flash?
Flash.
probably a micro drive or something like that micro drive is hard drive well whatever it's nan flash
drive there okay okay that makes more sense because adding another rotating media just sucks more
battery life exactly so i don't know it's interesting it's supposed to come out you know sometime
around christmas hopefully the ps3 will be coming out at the same time because i hear they're having
a lot of trouble with that so yeah are they going to do different colors and all that stuff oh i'm
Sure, I'm sure they'll do it. I mean what they have white and black right now. They'll probably come out with some
Other colors that you can get blue pink, you know
I've been a little tough on the PSP lately, but it does sound like there are some good new stuff coming out for it
So that's that's kind of especially that game wise
Hopefully with this new PSP will come over the second goddamn analog stick like they friggin need on this thing
I would really change it that radically
Because now me having a first-gen PSP who's not really interested in upgrading,
I'd be totally screwed if games started supporting it. It's just like the whole Xbox 360 hard drive thing.
If you've got a core with no hard drive, you're gonna get screwed in some of these later releases when people require it.
So what? Here's the thing.
I mean, look at the games that came out for the late PlayStation stuff.
They supported only the DualShock 2. If you didn't buy a DualShock controller, you're fucked.
Oh well, that's gonna be the case with this.
They needed to have a goddamn second analog stick on this
because you try, you know, controlling, I don't know, let's say for example in Katamari,
you try controlling your Katamari with the four buttons, doesn't work, it's not as good
as an analog stick.
They need another analog stick on there because it'll just be so much better for a lot, especially
if they're first person shooter games that they have coming out for this, it'd be a whole
lot better.
Let's move on to another story here, another big Sony title.
It's not being made by Sony, but it will be on your Playstation 2 at some point.
Final Fantasy XII is coming out, I believe this week in Japan, very, very soon here,
and Famitsu Magazine, of course this huge, huge gaming magazine in Japan, often known
for its very strict reviews, very few games have ever gotten a perfect 40 out of 40 score.
The only games that have ever gotten this, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time, Soul
The original one on Dreamcast, Vagrant Story, Zelda the Wind Waker, and Nintendogs have
only ever gotten a perfect 40 out of 40.
Well now, Final Fantasy XII joins that little exclusive club there, getting a perfect score
from Famitsu Magazine.
I have to admit, I'm actually not surprised about Final Fantasy XII getting a 40, because
it seems like it's going to be a very incredibly comprehensive game that's going to give many
fanboys much satisfaction.
I was more surprised, I never realized Nintendogs got a 40 out of 40, and I was kind of like,
That's a little surprising have they played vagrant story because it's not that great of a game well
But maybe we have that whole audience in Japan versus audience in the US
No, I played vagrant story. I have a per I like the Japanese games, and it wasn't that good well
Famitsu begs to differ with you, so anyway of course this score is now
Just building more and more excitement amongst the fanboys that you know OMG this game's coming out soon
Wait, do you know when Final Fantasy XII slated for the US?
I can't even remember.
It keeps getting juggled around.
It doesn't have a date.
I think it's eventually.
So like when Advent Children comes out?
Like around that same time?
Around the same time.
No, no.
You know that's the same time we get the PS3.
Advent Children is in April.
Before the apocalypse.
Oh, okay.
That's good.
Well, obviously before Christmas, right?
It's got to come out before Christmas.
So we know at least that.
But Christmas, what year?
What decade?
Shut up.
Shut up.
Alright, let's move on to another story.
Another very popular franchise would be, well, anything made by Miyamoto, so what's Miyamoto
getting?
He's getting knighted by the French.
I'm not sure if that's more of a compliment, or a...
Anyway.
Hey, now watch it.
We might have listeners in France.
Be careful.
No, actually, well, tomorrow, March 13th, three game designers, including Miyamoto,
are going to be knighted.
And don't ask me to pronounce the other two game designers if we don't care about them.
We just care about the fact that he's gonna be knighted and I had to laugh because I read
the story on Forecolor Rebellion and they have the funniest picture.
He's like wearing some 1-up shirt and he has the Zelda sword and shield and he just looks
like a dumbass but it's hilarious.
He's just so happy and childish.
I love Kojima though, or not Kojima, Miyamoto, sorry I was thinking of another upcoming story.
I love Miyamoto though because he's always so animated, like whenever you see him.
I bumped into him at E3.
Really?
That's awesome.
And you survived?
Yes.
And I survived.
You didn't fall down like, oh my god, my life is complete?
Yeah, most fangirls would have fainted.
I bumped into Kojima too, the year before.
How do you live?
I've been touched by fame.
I was a sweating little fangirl when I met Akira Yomoka.
That was pretty awesome.
because you're like, I'm a Silent Hill, ahh.
We were doing an interview that never recorded.
Don't remind me about the last interview at Konami booth.
Anyway, let's move on to another story.
Let's go over to Dark Sakura, who has
a story about the Nintendo DS.
There's a little program out.
It's a freeware called Pointy Remote,
where you can use your DS to control your computer.
I personally haven't tried it.
I'm not about to go opening up my DS or anything, but it lets you use the touchpad to select
icons to zoom in.
There's actually on one emulation.com there's a thread actually going on about it for anyone
who wants to check it out.
It looks like that it's still very experimental, they're still working on it.
It looks cool, it's a neat idea.
I honestly don't think that I would ever bother doing anything like that with my DS.
I don't think you have to open it up though.
All you'd have to do is just
reflash it I guess. I don't feel like doing anything to my DS. I'm still
busy playing Animal Crossing. Yes, my DS is a holy object that cannot
be violated by the hands of man.
It will be using the
the Wi-Fi. So you could actually, in theory, take it out, you know, and use it elsewhere.
So it's a good idea. It's a neat idea, but I don't think I would do anything with it.
They should, though, have a similar device, though. I think they could make a lot of money with that.
All right. Moving on, let's go over to Loki for some updates regarding Midway.
Yeah, some news on the newest Mortal Kombat, Midway, got some news actually for Midway,
Namco, and Ubisoft, so it should be good.
The first, of course, is coming from Midway's Gamer Day, and I was unaware that everyone
had their own Gamer Day, but you know, I guess they do.
Anyways, some of the titles that they've announced, they're coming out this year, the first one
being a kind of a portable game system title for PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance, the
New Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy, which of course is a fun little cartoon on Cartoon
Network.
Of course, they've got to have their own sports licenses.
MLB Slugfest 2006, almost slipped there with the 2K6, which is going to be actually a budget
game coming out at about 20 bucks, so that's pretty cool for PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
And of course, they have some info on the new Mortal Kombat Armageddon, which is basically
going to contain every single Mortal Kombat character in the Mortal Kombat universe, plus
a creative fighter and creative fatality mode.
Just looks really cool.
And then for your PSP fans, they of course have Mortal Kombat Unchained, or Mortal Kombat
Deception Unchained, which is kind of an update to the original Deception game, of course
with bonus characters including Katana, Jax, Frost, Blaze, Goro, and Shao Kahn as well.
So that's pretty sweet.
And then of course if you're an NBA fan, NBA Ballers Phenom, which also goes with NBA Ballers
Rebound for the PSP.
Those kind of different take on the basketball games basically have to kind of become a star
in a week so you get noticed by both sports agents and talent agents.
What's kind of funny is they had one minigame in this that's kind of like DDR, you're dancing
with mascots, so I thought that was kind of funny when I saw the one cheat on that.
And then of course, if you're a Rampage fan and love the original arcade game, they're
making yet another version of Rampage called Rampage Total Destructions coming out next
month and what's also really cool about it, other than being able to play as George, Lizzie
and Ralph, you get to play 25 different characters on top of that, plus it includes the original
rampage game and rampage world tour that came out on Playstation 2 a while back.
Not a big fan of any rampage game since the original.
It's also under $20.
If you're not a huge fan of it, I mean at least it's not that expensive.
Maybe a rental.
Exactly, and of course their big title for this year is going to be the Spy Hunter, Nor
the Run of course featuring The Rock and with the movie coming out.
Isn't that risky because I don't see that movie doing very well but of course now that
I said that it'll probably be huge it's gonna be a good action movie put that
way I mean doom did pretty well it did it did okay okay well it certainly did
it certainly did better than House of the Dead let's let's leave it that way
okay and then finally a strange hold which is gonna be it's gonna be kind of
a I believe a movie and game tie-in type thing straight with you know being
created by Midway and John Woo so it's gonna be kind of a third-person kung-fu
cinematic game which is kind of interesting. Now all done with Midway
here let's move on to Ubisoft and Ubisoft is gonna have a ton of stuff coming out
in the Tom Clancy series. First being Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas which is
coming out on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and the Revolution as well as
PC and PSP and probably current gen stuff as well, I'm assuming.
Of course, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 4, which is going to be coming out on Playstation 3
as well.
And then of course a new Tom Clancy franchise, Tom Clancy's Firehawk, which is coming out
on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
I've never really heard of Firehawk, so that should be interesting.
Assassin, coming out also on all the next-gen systems, one that I was really excited about,
Luminous 2.
Hooray!
Me too, very excited.
Woohoo!
PSP and Playstation 2.
Yeah!
Hello!
Thank you!
So that's pretty awesome.
Big kisses!
And then a couple other things, there's Rayman 4 coming out on the next-gen systems and Playstation
2 and handhelds, and the new Might and Magic game, Dark Messiah of Might and Magic on the
next-gen systems and PC so dear luminous creators online versus K thanks
finally Namco's lineup which is pretty sweet we've got actually next month ace
combat zero coming out for a ace combat fan me and my Katamari coming out later
this year which is pretty sweet Snoopy and the Red Baron coming out fall of
this year which is gonna be pretty cool the only next-gen game they had coming
out this year is Frame City Killer, and that's been delayed numerous times. I think it's
now slated for around July, which is interesting. And of course Pac-Man fans will be loving
the fact that Pac-Man World Rally is coming out, a new racing game. Hopefully they'll
come out with a new Mario Kart unlike they did in the arcade. And actually I hope they
don't because Mario Kart Arcade, not that hot. Okay, well fine. And if you're a PZ fan,
Mark of Chaos coming out this fall, so it should be pretty sweet.
Awesome! Lots and lots of goodies coming out this year.
We're now in that period of the year, especially building up to E3,
where we're going to hear a lot of flood of just game announcements.
And I got another one for you guys, and this is kind of a duh.
I mean, we all knew this was coming, but Guitar Hero 2 has been,
for all purposes, confirmed.
Kelly Sumner, who's the CEO of Red Octane, has said,
has said, we are working on Guitar Hero 2 which will have 40 plus new tracks, yay, I
think a lot of us were waiting for that, sounds like it's going to be awesome, but here's
the part that's kind of interesting, he also says that there's going to be genre spin-offs
like country rock, metal edition, and possibly even doing a plug and play, like you know
how they have those joysticks, well what if you just bought a guitar, no Playstation needed,
plug a guitar right into the TV, that worries me a little bit, because now I'm going, uh
Uh oh, is this too much of a good thing?
Can oversaturation destroy Guitar Hero?
What do you think?
Maybe.
Depends on how they do it.
If they do it like, if it's exactly like Guitar Hero, you know, just as good, then maybe it
might work, but eh, no.
I'm kind of worried about that.
It's kind of too bad for Red Octane that Guitar Hero wasn't an Xbox title because then they
could be doing these expansions through live but I mean that's not I guess
PlayStation 2 doesn't really allow that same type of thing so I guess this is
what they have to do of course we've never have we ever really had games here
that use the append idea like they did in Japan with some of the beat manias
we have appendis well there's something that they can do this is kind of a
brand new thing they did it was SOCOM with downloadable maps you can actually
you pay a fee online I believe it's five dollars and you download the maps to a
USB card and if you have a USB memory card or something like that, then you plug that
into your Playstation 2 and it unlocks the maps and it downloads to the hard drive type
of thing.
Of course that's a lot of factors that don't really bode well, I mean the PS2 Slim doesn't
have a hard drive.
Everyone has a USB memory stick, not everyone is willing to pay for this and download it
off the internet type things so I don't know comments from the chatroom www.orangeloungeradio.com
we have a wolfwind shadow says do an 80s version on guitar hero winner and I'll be like here
rock power ballads with this guy just won the internet that's a great idea I would love
to see early 90s music as well though like I want my Nelson no my poison my damn Yankees
motley crew Tesla this that would be awesome
let's just get our here are guitar hero this target
Ted Nugent for sure hero condition heck yeah
all Queen where they have where they have one Queen song in the no we need we
need a
guitar hero j rock version to go out in Japan think we'll ever see guitar freaks
in the US and where do you know konami doesn't really have a chance now
I I think they blew it they blew it big time they should they should have
released it when they could have huh
They blew it big time. I think they I think they could still do it
I I have a feeling they're gonna try to they can still do it then they could try suing them again
We'll see anyway speaking of things Konami is doing Loki. You've been following a little bit. What's going on with DDR supernova. Yep now they're doing
location testing in Japan and
a lot more songs have been added to the location test including some of our
Old favorites here our new Captain Jack centerfold the 130 BPM move it remix
which is interesting they also feature some doesn't really matter by Janet
Jackson let's see here Kylie Minogue love at first sight
twin master plan mix some pretty big names there Janet and Kylie yeah Wookie
Wookie by Macho man okay and for every big name there's got to be a who what
What the F is this?
Alright.
I thought that was funny.
Uh, was it, uh, De Capo by, um, Ace of Base?
Which is...
Da Capo, I think it is.
Da Capo.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Golden Sky by Smile Decay.
Huh?
That's kind of neat.
Return of Smile Decay.
Um, then of course more Konami original songs including Peace and then this little, like,
happy face thing, then all, yeah, by B4U, it's like a little squiggly happy face thing.
Then, of course, My Only Shining Star by Nayoki, featuring Becky Lucinda, which I guess it's
okay because you kind of slipped up on the forums and said, oh, we've actually heard
this song.
We have heard this song.
I can really say we've been asked not to play the song yet, so we're making good on that
because we don't want to piss people off at Konami when they've been pretty good to us.
But all I can say about it is that the announcer is in the song, and it's very strange.
It's let me put it this way it's like
Was it a deep 1998 with the guy in the background
Shouting the lyrics to a song. Yeah, it's like and it's exactly, you know, like your d2r really, you know for you type things. I
Didn't like it. I listen to the song once I'm like no I now key fans will be fine with it. It's a good
It's it's exactly 1998 or anything like that if you're you like that superhero beat stuff
great
Like I said before, you know the D to the A to the end
Yeah, D to the A to the end to the C. That's like how it ends right or something like that
It's really cheesy, but you know, it's whatever there. You know what there'll be people that love it. So have fun with it more
More songs though Balmani crossovers including some stuff from para para dynamite raved the superhero version and can't stop
falling in love the superhero version which are pretty interesting then extra
stages are kind of interesting on top of fascination max they also have healing
division by these these these starred which is interesting which is I'm sure
it's just another Naoki pseudonym honestly and then the one more extra
stage is chaos by desire returns oh that'll make people happy because these
Desire did like, you know, Trip Machine, and I think it was a big healing vision and all
that stuff, right?
So that'll be fun.
So I'm happy to hear a new healing vision song, and Chaos sounds good.
Just a fascination, Max sucks so bad!
Alright.
Well, at least they're giving you options now, you don't have to play that one.
But it sucks so bad!
Alright.
Anyways, so I thought that was interesting.
Well, we know that we have a lot of fans out there who grew up with us on the music games,
But of course we talk about all the games, we want to open up the floor right now for
your feedback and you can give us a call, we're on the Skype line right now, username
is OrangeLoungeRadio or you can actually pick up the phone and call us, 916-226-9067, but
here's a thing that may be a toll call for you, it is not a toll free number, so please
ask the person who pays the bills if you can call before you do, so let's head on over
to the Skype line and of course we're getting hammered tonight and we can't always answer
all the calls, so sorry guys.
we go uh hi you're on orange launch radio hello can you hear me yes who's this nintendo
maniac 64 hello nintendo maniac 64 what's on your mind um i want to give a shout out
to uh shout out to who carissa gregory okay why um because i hope she's listening in because
like i referred her to the show here and i just hope she's listening in is this a special
friend? No, just a friend in general. Okay, I had to check. Yeah, she probably punched
me in the face. Is she a gamer? Is she a girl gamer? Yeah. Do you guys play games together?
We don't live that close together. Okay. Well, you know, thanks to technology, the Internet,
you can play games across the Internet. MMOs and Xbox Live, all that fun stuff. Yeah. She
does RPGs, but I'm not much an engineer. All right. Yeah. All right, well, what's on your
mine specifically uh in video games this week well you guys are talking about like cars with
guns and things like that uh-huh like if you want a game with cars with guns like play bow mode and
rush 2049 i haven't played it maybe i will what what makes this game so great compared to burnout
and full auto and all that stuff basically think mario kart bow mode except you actually have guns
mounted on top of your cars and you're literally are shooting each other and blowing each other
Well, that sounds like full-auto to me.
Really?
Yeah, full-auto is pretty much the same thing except you get mines and all that fun stuff too.
Wait, he's saying Rush 2049. I thought they didn't have guns in it.
Well, he said Battle Edition.
Oh. No, Battle Mode.
Battle Mode.
Same game, just different mode.
Well, obviously this is a very popular genre of games as cars with guns and destruction is fun.
And I'm all for it, because honestly if I can take out my aggressions on the Xbox then I don't do it for real
when I see those, you know, old ladies driving the SUVs that, you know, can't stay in one lane and all that fun stuff.
Because, you know, in full auto, then I could just, like, when I see the SUVs,
duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh, huh, rough points.
Why are you shaking your head at me, Dark Sakura?
Just because I had a mental image of that when I was in Roseville earlier today trying to go somewhere to eat,
and there were so many SUVs in the parking lot.
Let me give you the full experience, Dark Sakura.
Sometimes I'll play full auto and talk to a friend on the cell phone just so I can get the full experience.
You're so awful!
Alright, just messing.
Uh, Nintendo Maniac, any other feedback, hellos you want to say before we let you go?
Um, I'm not really sure if my MP3 Pro plug-in thingy is working.
I've only got it to work in Winamp.
MP3 Pro will only work in Winamp. It doesn't work in iTunes, unfortunately.
I know, I'm using Winamp.
Okay, yeah, um you you're not gonna hear too much of a difference this time at the 64 K. It's really good either way
But you know if you have it installed and you have it selected and ready to go you should be set
Okay. All right. Have a good one. Have one last question. Sure. Okay. Does it affect regular mp3s too?
No, not unless you purposely save your mp3s as mp3 Pro some programs like Adobe Audition will allow you to encode an mp3 Pro
right away but you're probably not going to notice much of a difference okay all
right have a good one buddy thanks for calling all right let's go to another
call here on the skype line hello you are on orange launch radio hello hi who's
this this is wolf wind shadow hello wolf wind shadow you're the one that wanted
the 80s guitar hero oh yeah I grew up in the 80s we did too and we you know we
were just talking about how old we feel tonight but that's alright you know what
We need we need to add like old-school Aerosmith love in an elevator. How fun would that be on guitar hero?
Well, what's on your mind? Yeah. Well, what's on your mind tonight? Oh
Not too much just ran run into your show for the first time. Awesome. How'd you find us? I
just randomly searching for
Places that yeah you Skype. Oh, wow. Okay, that's cool. Awesome. It is pretty unique
You know, I'm gonna say we were and I'm gonna make a claim here and somebody will probably dispute that
but we were honestly one of the first online radio stations to back Skype instead of a skype line because we've been doing Skype for
A long long time and now it's really catching on but you know, we're happy to have pioneered the skype line thing
So, oh, yeah, I'm a computer consultant. I have it up on my website honest. Awesome. Well, you sound great
I should have guessed you were a former Skype user because sometimes we have first-timers on Skype that don't sound so great
But we're really glad that we we got random people connecting to our show. What kind of games you've been playing this week
Actually, not too many this week. I'm getting ready to go back to school and finish up my degrees
So the real real life's got to come first sometimes right dark Sakura
sadly, yes
How to accommodate life, okay. Well if you didn't have to be going back to school what game would be you be checking out
right now
Actually, I'd be checking out some of the games with cars and guns. There you go
It's a big thing right now better, which are you a burnout man or a full auto man?
Full auto hi any particular reason why?
not really just
Interesting because you actually get guns on your car in full auto, huh?
Probably something like that. Well wolf win shadow anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight. Oh not tonight
I'm actually enjoying the show. Thank you very much. We appreciate it. We love getting new listeners
So, uh, you know, tell a friend help support
Independent online radio. We love it. Give us money. Yeah. No, we're not asking for money yet. So
Alright, thanks so much. We'll finish every shooting in take care
And you know what write red octane and tell them your idea for the 80s guitar hero. I think it should happen
Oh, yeah. All right. Take care, buddy. Have a good one
All right. Let's go to another call here. Let's go. We'll pick up this line. Hi. You're
on Orange Launch Radio. Hey. I'm not asking for money yet. Hi. Turn down your speakers
because we're hearing ourselves pretty bad. Give me a second. I have to turn down. Sure.
Sure. We got time. All right. Okay. What's on your mind? Is it good now? I think we're
okay. What's on your mind? All right. I kind of joined in a bit late, but I heard Loki
talking about a song he just hated. What song was that?
Because I know it's on the new mix. What song was he talking about?
Fascination Max, right, Loki?
Fascination Max? Are you just trying to get me to hate you? I mean, I'm a Mac user. I love
Fascination Max. Are you just trying to get me to hate you?
He's a Mac user and he loves Fascination Max. He's just the anti-Loki.
He's got bad taste in music and in computing.
Well, I can tell you right now that Loki does not blow up in the presence of Max because there's one pointing directly at him.
There's one redeeming quality, the PSV homebrew. That's good.
You know, diversity makes the world go round, my friend. Sometimes we're just going to have to agree to disagree.
I think when Loki goes to hell, it's going to be like an Apple store.
Flat panel IMAX everywhere.
We've got to let you go, because we're getting some more sound interference, but thanks for
your call, buddy, and we'll slap Loki for you.
Don't you love hearing from the fans, Loki?
One more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, this is J100Med here.
Hello, my friend.
What's on your mind?
Nothing much.
I just thought of this.
I just thought of this, do you think they're going to have a dedication to Captain Jack
on a supernova?
I don't know how they could really do it unless maybe it's in the credits.
I think that would be an appropriate way to do it or maybe they could even do something
with the background to the song.
In memory of?
You know, in memory of or something.
Will they do it?
I don't think they will.
they had other dead artists in DDR before like just older artists I mean I
don't know off the top of my head but maybe artists that have just were Ray
Charles okay there you go Ray Charles is in DDR and there was no real uh wait
wait is that was no no oh that's right just a couple here can you see how much
I listen I follow the entertainment news I SSJ a really only time here this crap
We have no idea no idea. It would be nice. What would you what would you do if you were Konami?
How would you pay your respects to Captain Jack who passed away last year? I don't know probably have a pre
like little picture before the pregame animation saying
This is dedicated to Captain Jack kind of like burnout revenge
Did they have yeah like that? Oh, I haven't I haven't seen it. No, it's there's a I don't know who the hell it is
though. Interesting. Who is that? Some guy, I don't know. Some doctor. They could show
his picture and do RIP, you know, birthdate, death date. I think if they did
something really lovely with the background I think that would be
appropriate so when people played the song they could, you know, why are you
laughing? They could do it like Pixar, where Pixar at the end of the credits has, you know,
babies that were, you know, babies that were born during the production of the
film, they could have people that have died in the production of the game. It's
really morbid but you know Captain Jack my soul
alright SSG100 Matt anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Our profit margins?
rockser
nothing really I managed to actually get a sneak peek of a
of a video game a movie that's coming out soon what's this
it's called Staying Alive and what's it about
it's not that movie with John Travolta was it? It's not Staying Alive it's called
Stay Alive.
Oh, Stay Alive.
It's the one where the kids play the game, and when they die in the game, they die in
real life.
I saw a trailer.
It's not necessarily a video game movie.
It's more of a really crappy movie that they based around.
It's capitalizing on the violent game culture.
You know what it is?
What did you think?
You saw it.
What did you think?
Well, actually, no, I didn't really see it.
There was an old school I went to visit, and I visited the video game section.
They were giving them sneak peeks of the gameplay in the movie.
The movie itself looks like Nightmare on Elm Street meets Ring, because if you die in the
game you die in real life and then it's nonsense like that.
Is it something that you will probably want to see?
Probably not.
Isn't that kid from Malcolm in the Middle in it?
No, actually I don't know, but the guy who was in Hebrew Hammer, I'm not sure if anyone
knows that.
Oh, Adam Goldberg.
Yeah.
Yeah, you beat me to it.
I'm just that good, Bugged.
You should know I'm from 17 years.
Yeah, but I saw in the trailer, this shouldn't be much of a spoiler because you see it in
the trailer, he dies, which means his role isn't that big.
Yeah obviously not.
All right, well we'll see when the movie comes out.
Much like Scream.
We'll have an O.L.R. at the movie day.
All right, SSG01 Hermat, thank you so much for calling.
Appreciate it as always, bud.
Have a good one.
You too.
All right, we're gonna close up the Skype line.
We will try and take some more calls a little later tonight.
Thank you guys for calling in and saying hello.
We appreciate it.
Let's go over to Dark Sakura.
Yeah, we had a story there about,
or no, I'm sorry, we had a call there
where the guy wanted to,
or I was asking, who was it, Nintendo Maniac 64,
if he played online games with that girl he knew.
there's one game that he will never play online no matter what, right?
Nope. There's going to be no online mode for Virtua Fighter, which actually I don't
really care about Virtua Fighter,
but I just thought it was pretty funny that they were even trying.
Hiroshi Kataoka, who was the, I guess, big guy behind Virtua Fighter,
told EGM, basically, that they tried to do it online by simulating lag
and timing
and that it wasn't really gonna do, that it changed the gameplay way too much.
Um, to quote, if we ever wanted to do an online fighting game, it would have to be something
besides Virtua Fighter.
So, maybe that's a hint at something else, but for right now, no online mode.
Aww.
Yeah, I don't know many people that are Virtua Fighter fans above all else.
Like, you know, I know people that like Virtua Fighter, but they also like Dead or Alive
or something, you know?
Mortal Kombat.
Or something about 3.
who are our diehard Virtua Fighter fans who have been since day one.
My bias against Virtua Fighter starts from day one because the game gave me like massive
headaches, and so I just never got into playing it too much and then I found my love for Tekken.
Yeah, I was gonna say, can you actually be a fan of both Virtua Fighter and Tekken?
I'm not sure.
Well, I'm sure you could.
The world's on it.
I mean, I'm not, but anyone can, it just depends on what you like.
I don't see why you have to hate one thing to like the other.
Well wasn't virtual fighter kind of the response to Tekken
Actually virtual fighter was out if I do recall before Tekken. Oh, I don't know
I saw that's something I saw on a TV show once. I don't know. It's like yeah
I was that I think a year or so prior
I was a real hardcore gamer when I was a kid
But around the time that PlayStation first came out and all that 3d was getting big
I kind of took a break from gaming for a while because you know
I was going into school and all that and then I kind of came back into it
But when I got my Playstation in college and Puzzle Fighter and all that stuff, so...
Wasn't Virtua Fighter Saturn?
Virtua Fighter, actually, if I do recall, was 32X.
Wow.
Oh, I think it was.
Virtua Racing had the Humongous Genesis cartridge.
No, Virtua Fighter was on Genesis, if I do recall.
Really?
Let me do a quick bit of research.
I think it was either on Genesis or 32X.
I think they put out a crap version on Genesis is what it is, because there was Virtua Fighter.
Yeah, it was really awful.
Tekken didn't make it to the home until PlayStation was out.
So I still have a promo pack for my Saturn that has Virtua Fighter 2?
Virtua Fighter 2 was one of the pack-in games for the Saturn.
Right, with Daytona and something else I forgot that I don't play.
Christmas Nights? No, Christmas Nights was a mail-in thing.
Dark Knight in our chat room says,
Saturn first, then 32X, then Genesis,
but they're kinda going back and forth a little bit.
No, because the 32X version was out before the Saturn was out.
trying to figure it out right now in chat so I mean it's honestly it's not a
big deal because I I had a 32x no I will I would trade back and forth my Nintendo
and 32x with somebody and he had virtual fighter on 32x hmm interesting I mean I
have the game now on 32x but Zaku in our chat room legend Zaku says 32x is the
worst add-on ever would you agree no because of knuckles chaotic and Calibri
oh you could catch I think you can play knuckles chaotic on a game tap I want to
say they have on. I like Knuckles Chaotix because who remembers, alright, if anyone
is into emulation there was a game called Sonic Crackers which from what I
understand was the template for what Knuckles Chaotix became. Colibri was a
really cool game we played as a little hummingbird. Oh I played that. And the best home
version of Space Harrier apart from the re-releases was on 32x. Hmm. And
and After Burner. I played Colibri on GameTap,
made no sense to me at all. It's a freaky little weird game, but it's cool.
But no, the best versions of Space Harrier and
After Burner were on 32x. Alright, let's move on to another topic. I'm gonna talk
about the Xbox 360, moving on to a new
new platform. If you have a 360 but somehow haven't bought Xbox Live Gold,
you're gonna get your chance to sample what it's all about. It's coming up at the
end of the month, March 31st
through April 2nd, only in the US though,
sorry listeners in UK, Japan, et cetera.
Verizon is gonna be sponsoring this.
They're going to be giving Xbox Live Gold
to everybody for the weekend,
and also giving away one million points.
Not all at once, but you can collect
your 500 free Microsoft points, not sure how.
I imagine it's going to involve selling your soul
to Verizon in one way or another,
but we'll see when that.
It's an April Fools joke, look at the dates.
March 31st to April 2nd? No, I don't know.
It's right in the middle.
But they're advertising it on Xbox Live right now, so I don't think it's an April Fools joke.
The points are.
But they're also going to have some tournaments, and I know one of them was for Geometry Wars, which I think is kind of neat.
That's pretty cool.
It's interesting. I mean, sure, it's corporate, but it's nice to see something different happening and some little promotions going on. I mean, it's kind of cool.
Also, if you happen to purchase a copy of Ghost Recon Vans Warfighter, you get 48 hours
of free Xbox Live Gold, there's a card in there too.
But most likely if you, you know, bought that game, it would probably already have Xbox
Live Gold anyways, because it's one of the reasons you would buy that game in the first
place.
Alright.
Going to our chat room, who's of course still arguing about the Virtua Fighter thing, I'm
sorry if multiple people have said this, but this is the first line I saw that kind of
makes it clear here.
Spikepoint in our chatroom says Virtua Fighter Saturn June 95 Virtua Fighter 32x November 95 according to game facts
Oh, yeah, but I mean June to November
It was just when I had cuz I don't really give yeah
I grew up about Virtua Fighter people might remember it differently because that's a very close window
I know that I know that I played it on 32x before I played it on Saturn
But then again my friend who had a Saturn all he had were imported games, right?
Alright kids, I don't care about Vulture Fighter anymore.
Although Ryoma in our chat room says, I'll settle this right now, Street Fighter is greater
than everything.
There may be people that want to disagree with that, however I will say this, I am definitely
looking forward to Street Fighter 2 on the Xbox Live Arcade.
Loki when is that supposed to roll out?
Soon right?
Any day now right?
We're just waiting.
Is that supposed to roll out?
I want to say the end of February, but probably this month at some time, probably in a couple
of weeks.
Damn, I want this.
But you know, there's tons of demos up there now, they've got the outfit just came out
on Xbox Live, you can play multiplayer online, it's actually pretty cool, and supposedly
Ghost Recon Advance Warfighter is coming online at some point, and Battlefield 2 would be
good.
Cool.
What's Nintendo cooking up, Loki?
They're cooking up a new game here for the revolution, and this is actually a survivor
horror game called Sadness, and Sadness is actually what's going to be unique about it
is that it's not the sheer amount of blood that's going to creep you out, but the atmosphere
and the environment.
It's going to be a very gothic horror type of game.
Cool.
That's a good kind of scare for me.
So think Silent Hill to an extent, because I know Silent Hill is pretty bloody, but definitely
definitely things like, for example, they'll use the revolution controller, you can use
it as a torch to scare away rats, or to slit the throat of somebody using the controller
like a shard of glass or something.
That's not gory at all.
In the game you're going to be using objects you find around you instead of guns and stuff
to actually survive, so that's kind of different.
And also, there's also a scenario that will deal with having associations of narcolepsy,
necrophobia, and paranoid schizophrenia, which, by the way, kind of ties in with this other
thing that has to do with Nintendo.
And that would be a patent for a sanity engine, a sanity system for a video game.
And it has to do with basically different, you know, computations to control, you know,
the sanity of your character or, you know, like a meter for it.
That actually was done.
The Call of Cthulhu game had something like that, where you would start hallucinating
and start a- What was that GameCube game that had that?
Eternal Darkness?
Yeah.
Exactly.
So yeah, this isn't something that's new.
There must be a twist to it or something that we're just not getting right now until we
It's just something else that's just kind of cool right now. This was revolution or GameCube. I missed that. It's just a Nintendo
Oh, the game was for the revolution
Okay
Because I was gonna say sadness is what a lot of GameCube owners are feeling right now honestly because especially with Zelda Q
Because Zelda is really the only thing left to look forward to on GameCube, right or am I like totally off parties?
Come on sevens enough on it got me serious. There's really not anything killer coming out for the GameCube
the only other thing lined up for it is the next Zelda Twilight Princess.
That's it.
That's it.
Don't get me wrong, I love me some Nintendo, but I think the GameCube is slowly fading
to black, which is sad.
Anyway, let's go on to another story, and you know, if you play one too many of these
survival horror games, you might just start going crazy and have to go into a recovery
program.
But anyway, the gaming industry, there's been a suggestion on the internet lately for a
recovery program of its own, correct DarkSakura?
There was actually brought up a 12-step self-esteem recovery program at the game marketing conference.
Now this isnt for gamers though, its for the gaming industry, because the gaming industry
has been kind of one-two punched by the government a lot lately, so.
So number one, promote the rating system, basically theres a good rating system by
the ESRB to make sure people know how it works.
deserving of being the number one spot to evangelize the benefits of video
games in fact it actually references a book everything bad is good for you by
Steven Johnson but mom it helps my hand-eye coordination well this bringing
in here it's like you remember when I talked about that article that I read in
one of the psychology magazines last year vaguely I will just to go ahead and
read this out video games involve video games involve data pattern
and tracking multiple characters and multiple storylines, sustained
concentration, complex problem-solving, they're interactive, they're not passive
like music or reading, there's more open-ended gameplay. Also especially with
puzzle games that that article that I had brought up last year was saying how
those who played more video games had overall better problem-solving skills
than non gamers out of their control group. Number three, do more quantitative
research with leading universities to prove the positive impact of video
gaming and qualify any negatives they need to share the good and the bad
number four publicize that history shows we never embraced new media this is true
for silent movies radio pulp magazines comic books and every new music wave
including Mozart video games are not the devil incarnate and not capable of half
the devil tree our critics claim for them that's that's a quote from there by
the way number five preach moderation and promote good parenting remind
parents moderation and all things including video games is important
you're responsible as parents to oversee this amen sorry what side is this coming
from this is actually from next from next generation cool yes this is pretty
cool it's pretty smart yep six benchmark against sex and violence and prime TV
Prime Network TV and movies. I don't think video games have cornered the market on sex and violence. Amen
I think it's funny that they showed a slide of David David Hasselhoff in a speedo. Are they suggesting that the
gaming industry run essentially like a like like a political ad smear campaign would be try to run a campaign that says
Games are not as evil as movies. That's kind of how I read that is that keep in mind that
Is watching the the news how many violent acts do you see or hear about just watching the news true?
But the politicians are trying to say that's all because of games
Again the facts are there crime has been in crime among youth has been in decline. Mm-hmm
You don't believe me ask the Department of Justice. The numbers are there. All right
7. Embrace the Constitution. We have a right in this industry to make and market our product
in an unregulated manner. We should be talking about what our rights are. Video games are
part art and part commerce. Both parts are protected.
8. Lobby. Make political donations. Okay. That...
Interest... Okay.
Well, with other industries, if McDonald's can lobby not to subsidize the cost of produce
to low-income families, then why can't video games do the same?
It's like how we suggested a while back when a lot of gamers were mad at Konami over the
future of DDR.
We said, buy stock in Konami, be a shareholder, and tell them what you want the future of
the company to be.
It's kind of the legal way of buying stock in a politician.
Yeah
Kind of sad though that we have that capability is a strange comparison
But anyway nine harness our best spokespeople have them talk about why they like video games
Have basically using high-profile celebrities
Benefits, you know just to bring different people in by seeing their favorite, you know
Stars say oh, I like this game. No sadly enough
I don't want to mention this because I really hate the idea anyways, but you have the hip-hop gaming league
I mean, most people, I wouldn't see them as, you know, really someone to focus on, you
know, being the spokesperson for games, but you've got celebrities in that, you know,
like Snoop Dogg and stuff, also like basketball and, you know, sports celebrities that are
playing games and they have their own kind of mini league that they cover on their website.
Might be something good.
Number 10 was demonstrate the most creative games.
Halo and Grand Theft Auto represent us in the marketplace, but we need to show people
it's not all about guns and boobs.
Katamari Damacy, DDR, Parappa, Donkey Konga, and Guitar Heroes are all games the whole
family can enjoy and play.
But a little guitar, or I'm sorry, a little guitar, a little violence and boobs never
hurt anyone.
No.
I still think we need air guitar frees.
Over 18.
Hooray for boobies.
That was a good album.
It was Bloodhound Gang.
I'm not that retarded when it comes to pop culture anyway.
11.
In statistical perspective less than 20% of all games released are M rated a minority of the product good point
Amen 12 be proud don't be ashamed to say you like video games. Just be sure to tell people why you like them
You know you know I don't like that I run into this all the time at work
You know I tell people that yeah, I do this thing on the internet about video games. They're kind of like oh
oh really like oh you're you're like that huh i'm sorry to hear that i do you know what's weird
i get more of a reaction from telling someone i'm a gamer than telling them i'm gay honestly i do
like you know i tell somebody at work i'm gay and they go oh okay yeah yeah we all knew that
and then you know i tell somebody that i'm a gamer like oh wow you you you play games
Crazy, crazy. It's the culture. I am a proud gamer. Amen. And you know what, there should
be a number 13 on there. If you're female, tell the boys to piss off if they say you
can't play a video game. There you go. Or just beat them to shit. Yeah, you take those
platform boots and knock them upside the head. You heard that from me. Alright, let's go.
That was a very good top 12.
Next generations I came from, I tip my hat to that website.
Very nice.
I think it's next-gen.com.
Very cool.
I've got a story here.
We're trying to wrap up this first half of the show here, but plenty more stories to
come here.
I want to talk about GameTap real quick.
GameTap is now going to be offering previews and trailers on their service.
It's kind of like a try before you buy type thing, but they recently signed an agreement
with Strategy First, who made Galactic Civilizations, and this will allow customers to preview full
versions of their pre-release titles.
Sounds to me a little bit like the Xbox Live model, a little bit like the demos, but a
very interesting way for the PC publishers and GameTap to find that harmony.
Hey, I'm all for easy access to game demos.
I think it's a great idea, so I tip my hat to GameTap as well.
Lots of smart people in gaming this week.
This is good news.
All right, let's go to the next story which is from Loki
Yes, let's talk a little bit about Xbox and the patch systems. Gotta love the way they patch games. I
Hate it. I think it's a dumb idea the release games that aren't ready for you know
The market because they have bugs and they do it knowingly that they have that these errors in the games
For example dead or alive 4 there's a mandatory patch that's fixing bugs and adding no new content coming soon
It's also going to you know help balance some of the characters, but basically the fix the save bug yay, and that's something great
Oh guess what you know those demo kiosks out there that you could download the Xbox car for burnout
Guess what it doesn't work. It doesn't work at all because
It's broken. Yes. That's right. EA has actually said there's at right now
There's no official date of the patch, but there will be one to fix the 360 kiosk car
because it doesn't work. Very fun. Another thing, Ghost Recon Advanced
Warfighter is going to be getting an update soon to add the Southpaw
controller configuration and to fix the bugs in their save system that caused
your save game to get deleted just like it did in full auto and in Call of Duty
2. My question is why are they releasing all these games out there if it's
constantly if these games aren't ready I mean for example even some of the
patches are causing 360 systems to freeze up it's just ridiculous seriously
why is it that they're releasing these games out there if they're not ready for
the market if you know they're kind of using the patch system as an excuse to
get everything out there and so now we're basically you know held hostage to
to it. I don't like it. What do you guys think?
I definitely don't think that people should be releasing games that are only
like half finished and I don't think patching is the way to
like fix your game on the back end but at the same time I do realize that the
occasional error is going to come up in testing
or I mean the occasional error is going to come up that people don't find
like you know people that find loopholes and stuff and like let's say they didn't
know about this whole full auto
people quitting make fucks up your life stats and what have you I I'm okay with
them you know releasing patches to pick things like this in fact I don't think
enough companies release patches sometimes
to fix these bugs that are discovered but I I
definitely agree that patches should never be the excuse for getting a game
out on time is that all we can always patch it later
here's a here's a perfect example King Kong didn't have any gamma
adjustments to the game the game was too damn dark to play
mean come on that tell that screams oh we didn't test this on a normal TV we
just used our LCD monitors that we have here at work it looked fine on that God
that's just lazy extremely lazy and then they have to go back and fix that it's
so stupid what can we do about it what we can do about is have these people you
know with your wallet they need to take their time before releasing these games
I my big gripe was with EA a lot of times because they release these games
are just slightly better than the current gen console stuff, and yet people buy them
like me because I'm a sucker and I will buy Burnout.
But still though, a lot of times we don't know that these bugs are there until after
you buy the game.
It's like you play all the way through Call of Duty and all of a sudden, oop, my save
game's gone.
Hmm, that's a nice bonus feature that wasn't mentioned on the box art.
So I don't know, I like the idea of patching it to fix stuff and maybe add content later
on.
as an excuse to release a game like Call of Duty 2, whose online multiplayer sucks ass
because there's so much lag on it, and they obviously didn't test it.
Alright, well, if you have a response to Loki's little rant, you could always send us an email,
and that was sent to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We love to hear from you guys.
Every week Dark Soccer likes to go into our mailbag and stick her hand in the mailbag
and dig out her favorite letters.
And that is mailbag with a B, not hag with an H.
Mailhag?
Is Dark Sakura a mailhag?
Just teasing.
I say that I tease because I love.
That disturbs me.
Don't give me evil glares.
I didn't give you an evil glare, it was a disturbed look.
Alright, Dark Sakura likes to dig into the mailbag, she's going to do that right now.
With a shovel.
Are you all sanitized and ready to go?
I've got the hazmat suit.
Who emailed us this week?
Lots of people, because I'm popular.
Sweet!
Attention rocks!
Actually, our good buddy Roble pointed out a few things.
That basically, not only is Xbox getting in all over the 360 thing, we now have 360.yahoo.com,
we have the Colgate 360, and we have Anderson Cooper 360 on CNN.
That is a brilliant observation.
We need to launch Orange Launch Radio 360.
Maybe that can be the name of our fan club.
Oh, speaking of fan clubs, can I plug the new MySpace?
Yes, as someone didn't do in our LiveJournal community either.
Sorry, my bad.
We have a new MySpace.
It's brand new.
It's different from the group.
We had a fan that made a group, but now we have an actual user account.
Like we're a band because we want to be rock stars.
But you can actually listen to clips from old shows.
And you remember Jaime's email from last week where she was pointing out all the good clips
from older shows?
Yeah.
I actually put the Mega Man clip on our MySpace.
So that's www.myspace.com slash orange lounge radio.
Yes, we know MySpace is where the internet goes to die, but if we can promote ourselves
on it, hey, we'll sell our souls to MySpace.
I was actually listening to that the other day and just cracking up and my husband thought
that I had gone nuts.
The freaky part about Myspace is Fox is now using it to promote their TV shows.
I'm not surprised.
Which is lame.
I mean, well Myspace itself is lame.
Well they own it, so why not check it out, Myspace.com slash orange lounge radio and
add us because we want like a zillion friends.
Alright, sorry to interrupt.
We got an email from DJ Ratchet.
Basically just to go into if he wanted to thank us for reading the email in the last
podcast but also asked a question about Kingdom Hearts 2 which actually did
reply to about the different summons wanting to know if chicken little was in
the game chicken little has been confirmed as a summon in Kingdom Hearts
2 just thought I'd let you know you know what I actually should be playing more
Kingdom Hearts 2 but I have this issue with playing games in Japanese I can do
it but then reading I have to sit there with my dictionary and try to translate
the kanji and it gives me a headache so she said dick hey sorry I had to do that
I say dick all the time dick dick dick dick dick dick dick I'm sorry maybe we
should just cut that little clip and put that on our myspace I'll be good all
right moving on dick dick why am I not thinking of that scene in space balls
just just do I have to separate you two next up okay we have an email from and I
have to scroll down to see who this from psychoon hi um this is about uh you know
old school games is a big fan of the old school games like in the gameplay but
lots of people out there are saying graphics over the games so I know it's
like they're saying oh this game sucks because it doesn't look pretty that's
stupid uh let's see what can I a case in point geometry Wars well it's it's
pretty too geometry Wars is a pretty game but it's not it's not exactly
pushing the 360s hardware to its limits radio ever gone yet it's insane thank
you then again so is Ikaruga and that was really graphically pretty you know
once in a while you can still pull up an old Atari 2600 classic on like GameTap or emulators
or whatever you want to use, and they're still fun.
Unless it's ET because that game sucked.
Well, yeah, but they don't have ET on GameTap and I don't think they exist.
I think Atari's pretty much written ET off.
I have two.
Sucker.
Yeah.
I didn't buy them.
Did I?
I was.
But just to go ahead and read a paragraph out of this letter, it said I just want to
to know why as many people now think that graphics are more important to a game than
gameplay. I actually played Sonic Adventure with a friend of mine and he complained about
how blocky it looked to him as compared to Half Life 2 and Halo 2 and he didn't like
it just for that reason although Sonic Adventure was, still is, a great game.
Well he was comparing first version to 2. I mean Sonic Adventure 2 wasn't as...
First of all I want to know how was Sonic Adventure blocky? Sonic Adventure was really
smooth, very nice. I don't think, I can't think of any games on Dreamcast that were
blocky at all. No, not since like the early Playstation games and even then it's like
who cares, one of my favorite games ever on Playstation is called Evil Zone and it's really
horrible looking but it's so cheese ball we want to make fun of every anime in existence.
Well it's just spoiled by next gen pretty stuff, you know? You know, people, I think
I think it's just because we grew up, you know, with the we-have-nothing-but gameplay,
you know?
That we have a better appreciation for a game that plays well versus a game that looks pretty
and plays like crap.
Half-Life 2 plays well.
Don't get, don't get, I think...
I can't play first person.
Halo's a pretty game, and it's a good game, don't get me wrong, but you know, don't knock
Sonic Adventure just because, you know, it's not pristine quality like these games, like
you kids have now.
I will have to get off our game the US Sonic Adventure actually was a little bit better because the Japanese one had so many
Glitches in it. Like I ran in I ran through a wall and got stuck in it
Actually, technically I got a camera in a wall. Yeah, the sonic team camera had it has issues still
in another dreamcast game
Blue stinger I had the Japanese version where they'd had the big cinematic, you know camera angles
It's really hard to do that scene where you're climbing up the tower when the camera is like 50 miles above the tower
Like oh yay. I'm going to pretend. I know where I'm going
So next letter shy sure another one from Rob about Lieberman being the porker of the month
Like fatty, I don't know
Why did he get shot in the face too?
Basically, there's an article on a game spot
that are there proposing the CDC investigate video games you know what
disease control let me I'm sure this Katamari game made me lose my mind and
I've just gone crazy and I worship the king of all cosmos they want to look at
the impact of electronic media use organized by the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention to go ahead and read a little bit of this article even
of the legislation called the Children and Media Research Advancement Act does not include
restrictions and appears to be intended as a way to justify them. That's because a string
of court decisions have been striking down anti-gaming laws because of a lack of hard
evidence that minors are harmed by violence in video games.
I'm sorry to take that out on anyone. Your tax dollars at work, ladies and gentlemen.
As like, they can't admit that they're wrong. They've, you know, how many times have we
seen all of you know the courts basically upholding what we've been
saying for ages that there's not really any type of major harm to come to it
unless you're counting home environment but they're saying no no it's a video
games parents are not allowed to raise their children stupid people why is it
that you know I'm not even gonna go into it every I think really program I think
everybody knows by now how I feel about our government's hand and things so I'm
gonna skip on to the next letter how's that sound? Sounds super. We have an email
from Max in Melbourne. Okay. And actually this has to do with something Loki
talked about the Infinium Labs console, the Phantom. Wanted to add something in
here I'll go ahead and read this. Best name ever for vaporware. Like
Melbourne, Australia?
Yes.
Sweet.
I'm going to go ahead and quote from here.
I would like to add a bit to what he said.
The company spent around $62 million on stuff for the last year with around $3.5 million
spent on the actual console development.
This may be because the console is a scam.
You see what the console makers or non-makers in this case could be doing is just getting
lots of money from investors to say they're going to make a console when they actually
spend very little on the console and keep some of the money for themselves.
For example, they hire their family as consultants, pay them $200,000 a year while also paying
themselves money.
If you ask me, quite a good idea, really.
And Orange Launch Radio will be coming out with its own console very soon and we're looking
for investors.
So if you have $11 billion, please send us an email.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com, we'd love to hear from you.
I remember when they were showing the Phantom at U3, was it in 2004, and they had a booth
and they were like, you know, I tried to go in the wrong exit or wrong entrance or something
and it got all pissed off at me or something, so then I walked around the normal way and
then I saw their console that sucked balls and then I wish we were TV sometimes, I wish
we were TV sometimes because Loki was doing little quotes there, quote finger balls, anyways,
quotes around sucked, so yeah and I got a free t-shirt out of it though that glows in
the dark and sadly enough, does it suck balls, I got a phantom t-shirt and used it to clean
the bathroom t-shirt sucks um no the only thing i liked about the console was the case and i wanted
to make a computer out of the case that was about it because it had this like glowing blue light on
the front and that looked cool but other than that it was like huge it was the size of a large vcr i
mean this thing was ginormous it looked like a stupid brick any more emails one more one more
Alrighty.
From Jaded.
Hi, Jaded.
There's an interesting article that he wants us to look at about, it's actually something
on Slashdot.
It's actually a really, really quick little article, so I'm just going to read what it
says.
Sure.
Okay.
Kotaku has a great feature up today written by James Wagner, formerly embedded reporter
for him in the world of Second Life. He's now doing his own thing and he's got a
fairly cynical discussion over the Kotaku site about the real purpose
behind game previews in industry magazines. From the article, and this is a
quote, but for the thing of it is, game magazine previews are almost uniformly
positive even for the most undistinguished titles, so it unrolls
thus. Publisher makes mediocre game, press reviews, I'm sorry, press previews depict
mediocre game as being good or at least worth a look. Excited gamers read
previews foolishly believe them start making pre-sale orders of mediocre games
driven by preview press and pre-sale numbers based on that press. Retailers
stock up on mediocre games publisher makes money from mediocre games and
keeps producing more games like it. Hey Yola. Let's see maybe if we add on to
that successfully we get E gamers discover independent podcasts F gamers
get the real story from people who actually play the games G quality games
inherit the earth hurry for us we are your video game saviors all right all
right is that it for the mail yep all right send your mail to mailbag orange
lounge radio calm Loki take us out of this hour you have some follow-ups some
quickie little follow-ups to things we were bitching about last week yeah the
first thing is if you're hoping for another NFL game by someone other than
than EA sorry NFL extended the CBA and EA still holds exclusive rights to the
NFL sorry and I kind of saw that coming yeah anyways the origami what is the
origami it is a 7-inch tablet PC that runs Windows and it's gonna be under
$1,000 only yeah is it a gaming system no it's not a gaming system it's more
like a micro laptop type thing mine sweeper on the go hello
actually and they will they did and there is a video file
out on YouTube I love you to I'm
where someone apparently leaked one of the their marketing
demos I'll that they were showing during their little meetings
and it did so somebody actually playing a game on it well see really that was in
a market it was on their viral site that they had
I'm or origami project dot com and
It was just a concept proof of concept it wasn't actually weren't actually playing a video or a game like because it was showing
Halo 2 and it was but then they would listen it there as a potential for the machine dark Tetsuya in our chat room says
999 99 when you say under $1,000 that mean 999 dollars 99 cents. I'm a likely probably they're gonna sell it for
$666 they have three different versions of the well, it's not even really the origami. It's like I
I think it was called now it's the like PC and like mini PC or something like
that I forget how they were calling them it's basically just this really small
PC that's about it all right any other follow-ups no all right then I think I
think we're finally due for a break our first hour is turned into our first hour
and a half segment but that's okay we're just in a chatty mood tonight I guess
Who knows?
We're here at Orange Lounge Radio for this March 12, 2006.
We will be right back in a short while with Part B of our podcast.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
