Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this March 19th, 2006, episode number 177.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our podcast, checking us out.
Tune in to our show over on AllGames.com or however it is that you're listening to our
show tonight.
Speaking of AllGames.com, they've got something pretty big that they're airing this week and
it has to do with video game music, which the folks listening live heard during the
break there.
They're actually going to be airing the fourth annual Game Audio Network Guild Awards and
that's going to be on AllGames Radio.
That's AllGames.com.
That's Thursday night at 11 p.m. Eastern, 8 p.m. Pacific, but they're going to have
a pre-show as well, so just tune in at 6pm Pacific and you'll be good.
They're actually going to have performing at the show this Guitar Hero Band.
And what they've done is they've actually gotten heroes of guitar playing to perform
at this band.
I don't want to read the entire list here, you guys can go to allgames.com and check
it out, but get this, Lyle Workman, who's a guitar player for Sting and Beck, and they
have Daryl Anders, who's the bassist for Tower of Power and Bonnie Hayes.
They also have Marcus Henderson, who's the guitar player for Drist and En Vogue, and
they just have like all these standout stars there that are going to be performing in this
band.
So that should be kind of fun.
So check that out, they're going to be airing that live over on All Games, our buddies over
there.
All right, so let's get into some news.
Last segment we talked about Katamari Damacy ending, sad.
We also talked about some big lies going around in the industry right now.
Big stinky ones.
And now we're going to talk about some big acquisitions and things of that nature.
Loki, what's up?
Yes, tis the season to buy a company smaller than yours.
Starting off here with THQ, they're acquiring Vigil Games.
For those probably not very familiar with Vigil Games, they created both Marvel's Uncanny
X-Men and Battle Chasers series.
And so, I don't know, it's part of the studio system strategy, which is designed to foster
a singular vision and unique culture at each of our studios, according to Jack Sorensen,
the executive vice president of the worldwide studios at THQ.
And it's basically to inject more of that creativity into their games, I guess, where
it may be lacking.
Yeah, you know what? Actually, now that I think of it, THQ did create, I want to say, the outfit.
I don't know, that game was pretty fun.
Anyways, speaking of bigger fish in the pond, Sony.
They've signed a deal with PlayLogic for future first-party games.
And that should be pretty interesting.
Now, unfortunately, they haven't said what the game was.
But it is slated to come out on the PSP PlayStation 2, or possibly the PlayStation 3.
that's involved with Sony, but will be a first party game, so should be pretty cool.
And then finally, EA is actually going to be purchasing Battlefield Developer Digital
Illusion CE, better known as DICE.
And I think that's definitely a good move for them, seeing as Battlefield 2 has been
pretty successful, and especially since the 360 version is coming out next month, so.
That's right, and that's what I've got a story on, right here.
Battlefield 2 the demo is going to be coming out on March 24th over on Xbox live
The demo is actually going to have up to 24 players being able to play online
So this is kind of cool that a lot of the Xbox live demos lately have been
You know these
Big multiplayer things like the outfit and all that stuff so game even though they're not my type of games like I really tried
You guys I try to play battlefield 2 because everybody was just raving about it
But it's just it's just not my type of game. So you know maybe I'll check it out on Xbox live hell if it's free
Why not? I'll check it out, but I'm gonna suck and I'm gonna be I'm gonna be a detriment to any team
I'm on but check that out and it's it's coming out for the Xbox 360 in April. Yes
April the I'll say like the 11th or 12th now, so pretty soon just around the corner
Also some other quick news on Xbox Live you heard us in part a Loki was talking about feeding frenzy
That's out now on the Xbox Live Arcade
Also available on Xbox Live you can download now the Natasha betting field video for unwritten
Which is kind of interesting because now Xbox is starting to get into...
It's like Artist of the Month thing?
Yeah, they're doing this Artist of the Month thing, so it's kind of like to promote music.
But I have to say, I actually downloaded the video, because I kind of like Natasha Bedingfield, she's okay.
And the video looks great in High Def.
So that's kind of cool that they're making the music videos in High Def now.
And I haven't watched MTV in forever, so I didn't even know that they were making music videos in High Def.
But I guess that makes sense.
Just real quick, the Xbox Live Top 10 games of the week.
10 needs first speed most wanted, 9 the outfit demo, 8 Battlefield 2
which is amazing because how is that already there
when the games, or is it the old one, I'm thinking the old one on Xbox
yeah that's what it is okay and then 7
Project Gotham Racing 3, 6 Dead or Alive 4
5 Perfect Dark Zero, 4 EA Sports Fight Night Round 3, 3 Call of Duty 2
2 Ghost Recon 3 and number 1 is still Halo 2
Should we start a betting pool on when Halo 2 will actually be dethroned?
Halo 3? Yeah, Halo 3. Most likely. Actually, you know, to be honest, I don't think it is
gonna be Halo 3. I think it will be God,
or Gears of War will dethrone it.
It's a pretty bold assessment right there. Gears of War, pray.
Both those are going to be extremely good. In my heart, it never made it that far.
And notice, amidst all that Xbox Live news, not a single word
on when we're getting that Street Fighter. Was it supposed to come out late March?
I think the 24th was the day. We got 10 days! 10 days Capcom!
Xbox, get that stuff out there. I wanna play it.
Alright, I want my achievement points for beating the game with Chun-Li a hundred times.
Well, I heard that the reason why it wasn't out yet is because they're having trouble
with lag.
Lots of lag. Or that part of lag.
Fine, if they have to spend extra time to make it work good then that's fine
because we don't want them releasing it and just patching it later to make up for it.
That's fine, but a status check would be nice, guys.
Alright, moving on to another
completely different topic, Dark Sakura. We talked about Silent Hill a little bit
in part A, but this is
not about the movie necessarily, kinda sorta. There's actually
a talk from OneUp stating that
there's going to be a Silent Hill remake
on the PS2. Konami's been all happy over the
you know, the talk about the movie so there's a
rumor that they are going to re-release
the first game though with Harry Mason's wife who is the
heroine of the movie. So it does have to do with the movie after all, so...
Yeah, it's sort of a tie-in. I think that that's a good idea but
you know, they'd have to make some changes
It'd have to be an alternate universe sort of thing.
Wouldn't that have to kind of come out like very soon
if they wanted to promote the movie or maybe they're gonna wait for the DVD
release?
Wait for the DVD release? Because you want to see how well the movie does first
before you go and make a game about it.
Wouldn't that be a great combo pack though? DVD and game? No.
Why not? I think they've tried it. Sony does that. Oh no, I'm thinking of the PS3.
Yeah! Sony did do that once. They did, oh what was it? Stealth in the Wipeout Stealth.
which woo! No, that didn't sell very well. My bad, sorry.
By the way, it still sucked. I'll take your word for it.
Is this something you'd probably check out, Jamie, being a fan of Silent Hill?
Oh, of course. Yeah, I think I would too. Absolutely. Even though remakes can be a little
and sometimes, I mean, sometimes they're really good, and I think back to, of course, Mario
Brothers All-Stars on the greatest remakes they ever did.
Hello? Alright, it was a big week for announcements,
especially if you're rare, right, Loki? I don't know if you'd call it big, but
well i don't know it's it's different for those who say that xbox 360 is all
about shooters and racing games
xbox 360 is also
all about
crap and that is what is coming out from Rare
they announced a game called viva pinata yes hooray pinatas it's a game
which is going to have a cartoon based on it
about a living island of pinatas
And what, may you ask, pinatas do?
Well, they have to fix this garden that has kind of gone awry,
and you have to lure your fellow pinatas to your garden.
So that's what that second to last VG Cats was about.
I didn't get it.
It just all came together.
It just dawned on me.
Oh my god, it was so much fun.
So what is this, Xbox's response to Animal Crossing, right?
Is the easy way to put it?
They're trying to make a Pokemon and goddamn it. They're gonna be damned if it'll happen cuz aren't they just supposed to do like a
TV show in all night. Oh, yeah, oh boy a TV show now if I count pinatas if I come into a town of Evo
Pinata and start regulating with a baseball bat will I get lots of candy no
This is the only way I'd want this game to come out if you could play a little kid who fucking goes around the giant
Stick and beats the shit out of these stupid animals and steals their candy that is the game
I want okay grand theft pinata at one
I have to ask why all this hate for Viva pinata before you have you seen the website?
Seriously, have you seen the way I saw screenshots. I have not seen the website in the web
No, I have not seen the website. The website is like some Shrek wannabe crap. These characters come out
They even know like what the hell a game based on pinatas. I mean, it's seriously I
I don't know it sounds like it could be innovative
but the way they're doing like you know Xbox Live where you can
you know communicate with other players and send your pinatas to their
stuff to kinda make it like Animal Crossing type of thing
but really it looks stupid
it looks stupid then
we have chat chatters that disagrees andersy in our term says Viva Pinata
looks awesome seriously
is it just because maybe this isn't your kinda thing
No. It was Penny Arcade, not VGCats by the way.
Oh. Penny Arcade. Their comic was hilarious. But no seriously,
I have seen the website. I watched the little flash video that they have where they're
like doing like screen tests of this
you know, Viva Pinata thing. It looks like it's a bad Pixar movie gone awry.
And I don't know, it could be cool.
They could come out of nowhere, make it cool, but you know what? I think this is just gonna be
another failed attempt
Like cameo because cameo to be honest wasn't that great of a game. It was supposed to be a Zelda killer wasn't it quite
No, it's not as early. It's it's an okay game. It's you know, it's pretty much if you're an adventure gamer person
It's pretty much your only choice right now and it's okay
It just it feels like it could have been done on the regular. It feels like there's really
Fable was almost just the same
type of thing in many ways
Props are rare for at least trying something different.
The only problem is, I don't like the idea how they're putting out this cartoon thing
to go with it, because all they're trying to do is like, well kids like cartoons, cartoons
sold Pokemon, let's, I mean, I don't know.
You know what, I applaud them for doing something different besides the usual Xbox fare which
turns a lot of people off to the system, which is sports, shooters, you know, and all those
types of games you know we need we need some more variety in the Xbox lineup so
I'm happy they're trying. Rare needs to just put out another goddamn killer
instincts game. Can they though? I don't think they can. Well fine make something
else that's similar. Alright. Just make another fighting game or something or
put out something really good I mean seriously go to the website if you think
I'm you know lying about how crappy this game is go to the website. Which most of our chat
room does disagree with me. Okay and go to the website, watch the video and tell me if
you're not pissed off at this game after you watch the video. Seriously.
I want a pinata game like a first-person shooter, so you go around and shoot the pinatas and
then you have to go get the candy. Get candy! That'd be awesome.
Alright, I sense all this rage coming from Loki over there, so I think it's time to do
our FUs of the week. DarkSakura, are you ready to inject some rage into this episode of Orange
Launch Radio? Shut up and play the music!
Alright.
Sigh.
My FU of the week goes towards education because I've been having to deal with, I dropped a
and then I have a she's such a smart lady a great teacher but she tells us
there's this assignment due and the assignments on the assignment page it's
just read chapter so what do you do you know it just bugs me that there's this
expectation that we don't have lives outside of class so we are given just
buttloads of homework to do and some of us work full-time so what's up with that
and it's not a very big F.U. but that's what's been on my mind.
Alright. Loki, your F.U.
My F.U. is the bad driver, so get this.
I was driving down the freeway today, going to go check out Tux's for the wedding,
and I see some dumbass pulling off to the side of the road.
He's like, because he missed his, you know, intersection or turn or whatever, off the freeway.
the friggin idiot starts backing up on the freeway
backing up! flip the goddamn thing in the reverse!
who was driving? oh god damn woman in a fucking SUV!
bad! bad people! was she on her phone?
oh she probably was but I didn't bother to look because there's a giant trail of smoke
from her
skidding into the god damn side of the road there. stupid people out there
And I see it daily!
Grrrr! Curses!
Um, my FU would go to weekends, or should I say actually the work week, because weekends aren't long enough.
I really feel like I haven't done, I mean, don't get me wrong, I've actually done a lot, a lot of stuff this weekend, but not enough.
I kind of wish there was more time in the weekend, because I really have had no time to just kind of lie on the couch and go,
I'm just relaxed in the day. So F you to
Our society only allowing us two days on the week with weekend. I think that's crap. I
Think we should work for two days in a week and get a five-day weekend though. We rock
Of course, I'm just lazy. Oh
I'm still on the topic of pinata by the way
They still can't get over that pinata thing. I'll have Grand Theft pinata
Metal Gear pinata. Mm-hmm
Katamari piñata.
Fun.
They always take one gag a week and run with it, don't they, in chat?
You did not just bring up the Viva Piñata website over there.
Oh my god.
Ooh, it does look like a Shrek ripoff. Wow.
Yeah. Well, we'll see. I'll check it out later.
That's so funny!
I'll check it out later. We'll see.
Anyway, I want to get onto another topic here.
Kotaku.com has recently posted some images...
images what pinata Mamie
to do that I think you're laughing at Kotaku like that's not very nice there
they're respected site
I Kotaku.com recently posted some pictures you have to go back to
March 15th though of the Game Boy Advance SP
in pretty pink now with a brighter backlit screen or should I say
pearly pink is actually the color they're going for there
I don't know. Why do you think that they might be trying to release a pink Game Boy?
They're not getting enough female players.
All females buy anything that's pink. It's bred into their DNA.
I know a lot of males that would be interested in the pink system.
I know a lot of males that would be interested in the pink system.
They're just not the typical mindset that a lot of game companies cater to.
Let's just leave it at that.
My Game Boy Advance, however, was pink, because I did it just so that, you know, people couldn't
pin me down to any one particular thing.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
Okay.
I also have an afterburner in it.
All right.
I really only brought that up so we could tie into our next story that's going to be
brought to us by Dark Sakura.
Yep.
It's actually our website of the week.
Our website of the week! Well, here we go then. Let's bring in the theme music.
You like to surf the internet and find a great website for us every week, don't you?
Actually, this one was linked to me by a friend of mine.
It's on The Escapist
and the article can be found at www.escapistmagazine.com
And I'll go ahead and read off just the first paragraph, it's by somebody named Whitney
Butts.
It says, I am a girl on the internet, yes I said it, a girl on the internet, there really
are quite a few of us, I can type, I can play games with the best of you, and you my friend
were about to get owned by a girl.
It's basically the story of somebody who's been playing World of Warcraft and no one
believed that she was a girl or thought that she was a girl speaking for her boyfriend
on the chat or was not.
She's very pretty.
There's a picture of her on the site.
I read the article when you posted it on our secret place that we put all the stories up.
I read it and I thought it was very interesting.
the IRC conversations that she posted in those chat logs.
I was like, I actually wanted to do it.
We didn't have enough time to prepare it,
but I actually wanted to do IRC theater
where we were gonna interact the dialogue here.
But it's just amazing, the, for lack of a better word,
stupidity of people.
And my mother used to use this term a lot
and I hated it then, but it's the only way
I can think of to describe this hardheadedness
of the youth that OMG, she's a girl.
I got it on Dragon Rock before, and it's either that or, you know, people say, like, I would
get it every so often back when I was a moderator on DDR Freak, it was either, oh my god you're
a girl or oh my god you're not Asian.
Yeah?
Because that's that stereotype that only Asians play DDR.
Oh my god you're not an Asian boy!
I would I actually got it when I played tetranet you know but I would I would
actually when I used to list my video game collection on places people go you
can't have all that because you're a girl why where is there some type of law
that says I can't be good at video games and I can't enjoy video games because I
have boobs in a uterus okay where is that law I'd like to see it so that I
and set it on fire.
And you know, it's interesting because there was also one of those IRC logs
talked about where she responded
that she said something about like, oh, I really like Johnny Depp or
something, and one of the people said,
that's gay, what are you, gay?
And I was kind of like,
so what if it was a gay person? You know, obviously as a gay gamer myself,
I face sometimes a lot of these same types of issues that you're
bringing up as well, where people like go,
oh my gosh you're actually gay and then like you know they'll shut up for a long
time
you know and it's kinda like it's just like
or sometimes I've gotten that where it's like
you're gay you shouldn't be playing video games you should be like you know being in a
musical and listening to barbara stryzan
ok let me be the first to tell you
i fuckin hate barbara stryzan ok i hate her i hate her music i hate her movies i
hate everything about barbara stryzan
she's like butter
no she's like shit i can't i don't i don't like her at all
my mom likes her a lot but that's my mom
uh... so you know it's a it's a type of stereotypes i really hate it's like so
what if i'm gay i can play video games just like anybody else
so what if you're a girl you know how to pick
we've all got hands
that's all you need to use a controller right
well and apologies to any of you guys who you might have had amputation
i think that this device is for you to
is also that this link i've actually seen some play with the joysticks in
their chin
and that there's also uh... a little another thing i want to read on here
You know it's just because a girl plays video games doesn't necessarily mean
she's going to instantly put her picture up on the Internet for you know the male
population to drool over because it's a woman that plays a game.
I'm going to go ahead and quote her on this again if nobody minds.
Again a girl who doesn't show her picture on the Internet is not a girl and the
only girls on the Internet are actually guys who are just trying to get free
stuff.
Don't get me wrong I haven't gotten free stuff before.
No I have gotten free stuff before but I don't solicit it.
Not like those quote girls who sit around dancing for tips and games
You know who you are and you know, you're not a real girl real girls don't exist on the internet
Yeah, FYI guys if you think every girl that you run into in an MMO is actually a girl
Just like if you assume that every guy you run into on an MMO is actually a guy
You are an idiot
I've played male characters before and I've played female characters before and it's not because I'm gay
I had on my Ragnarok account. I played a male so that I could play a bard
Yeah, how many of you guys out there? How many of you straight men out there have ever played Street Fighter 2 is Chun Li
Did that make you gay? No, did it make you feel like less of a man or not? So fresh?
No, it's just another character in a game the exact same thing in an MMO acceptable because she has big jugs. Oh stop
shut up stop it
but the whole thing just really gets me because and I have
you know being a female gamer it's even worse though being a female gamer with
the voice in the community though
because you know I admitted I've gotten some hate mail from people who have
literally told me
to get off the radio and get back in the kitchen
what the fuck century is this excuse me
what backwards ass country did you grow up in where they still have Neanderthals
in charge banging women on the head and dragging them around by their hair to
make them go cook them dinner though seriously the dark soccer is a pretty
good cook I will I will I am an excellent cook but then again you know
that's not the point I also don't clean house I make my husband do it I have a
house husband all right no for real no but the thing is is you know even even
my husband's friends you know are a bit surprised that I'll go in there every so
often and play games with them and you know regularly own people on like you
know I am I have to say I when Tekken 3 was out I was the goddess of Tekken and
I used to go in there and so humble about it it's true I used to I used to
go in there and smoke all the boys and they'd be like oh my god I got beat by
a girl this is also Alabama but still I remember going into cyber station one
the same one I worked at and we had the brand new deluxe Tekken 3 there and these guys have
been there since the store opened at 9 a.m. I show up at 2 in the afternoon they've been doing
nothing but playing King all day doing the throw combos I go in there with Jhin and just knock
them off the machine. Didn't somebody actually tell you once like oh my god it's the girl that
plays Tekken? Yes. Like you're the girl, the only girl in the United States that's ever played Tekken.
back to Alabama
and ran into somebody at the arcade and I was like, yeah, I used to come in here all the
time and play Tekken. Oh my god, you're that girl that plays Tekken!
Like, you're the only girl in the universe that's ever played Tekken. Apparently I had been
talked about for a little bit after I left. I also was the one on campus who used to beat
people on a...
well, because we had a Darkstalkers machine. That used to be my game. That and
Killer Instinct.
But, you know, it gets me that
there's this whole thing that girls can't play games like that?
Either that or the girls who are like the uber sluts.
Well this ties into the next article that I'm gonna bring up here which I'm
sure will piss you off a little bit.
Here it is, it's located at www.kimrom.info is the little blog
and it's the blog post from March 8th and it goes
female gaming my ass. And I think I get the point that they're trying to make in
this article because they talk about like you know
They show these pictures, especially like a girl gaming website.
Another great example of how female gaming attracts attention is a new team who calls
themselves Can't Touch This.
The image below is their new homepage design.
It's totally an exploitation of women's site and it's pink and it shows a girl in a bikini,
a little butt, and I think what's kind of amusing is that they put a response like if
it was a guy's site.
You would never see this about guys, exactly.
That guy's ass is not attractive.
And then they also show this here, there is an interview there with Vildkaten, a Danish
female gamer, and along with the article is a shot of her not wearing a bra, holding a
gun with her legs wide open, and it is a little bit sensationalism and I can totally see where
this would piss someone off.
This is stupid.
It's right.
The sensationalism of girls playing video games just because they are girls and showing
off the tits and everything and like OMG this is what a girl playing a game looks like and
when you run into a girl team they're all gonna be babes and stuff no that's just that's
that's stupid and I agree with that portion of the article how the hell are you gonna
operate the mouse if you're holding a gun that doesn't work here's the problem the article
was written like I and this is my opinion here guys but I think the article was written
so trashy and so sensationalistic let me let me give you a way that this art the article
opens up here.
Men are better at computer games than women.
Big surprise.
We grow up playing games, we spend enormous amounts of time playing games, we consciously
dedicate time to better ourselves, and we are competitive by nature.
No wonder we're better gamers.
And I'm thinking like, okay, you've never seen a woman who's obsessed with soccer play
in soccer because those bitches are some of the most competitive women I've ever seen
in my life.
I mean, seriously.
I mean, just these broad generalizations
that the person's making here to open.
I don't know if they're doing this
for shock value or something,
but it just totally, like, when I read it
and it opened up with that, it totally,
like I was like, okay, I don't even,
even if there's a point in here somewhere,
it's lost on me.
Dark Soccer, I'm sure you felt similarly.
I did actually reply to this guy.
No.
An itemized, he actually replied to me too,
but he was just staying more of the same.
I listed an itemized bit,
And actually, what I first started off saying is, I wasn't going to dignify this poor excuse
for an editorial with a response, but perhaps I have a small responsibility to do so.
Nor were we going to talk about it on the show.
Oops.
But, you know, I think that this guy's idiocy should be pointed out, because this is an
attitude that's prevalent, though.
I understand wanting to see less of the, quote, hoochie gamers, you know, but it's like I
pointed out he's basically going from his male ego, that's all he was speaking from.
Here's another quote, but the real problem with female gaming is that female gamers in
general have the same ambitions as men, but they lack the dedication and drive to fulfill
those ambitions.
Let that quote speak for itself there, I mean it's just like, you know, I know plenty of
women who are very high level, in fact there was just an article that was floating the
internet this week about one of the girls who was on season 7 of Buffy, one of the other
slayers, is secretly a level 60 character in World of Warcraft.
So I'm like, you know what, girls can have that ambition and drive to succeed in a game
just like any guy, but you can't ever say, all girls, and you can't ever say all men
because you're going to be wrong.
One of my co-workers regularly talks to the guy in the cubicle across from me about her
level what close to 70 character on World of Warcraft and she's been wanting me to pay
for my account again. I have a friend who's like the C-mode goddess in Phantasy Star Online.
She just goes in there and smokes people. Why is it? Why do guys think this? I'm not
saying that all guys think this, but it does seem to be a pretty prevalent misconception
among male gamers.
I don't want to turn around the whole sexist thing myself, but I also think that a whole
big chunk of it is male ego being threatened by women being able to do something.
As some of it is, I would agree.
As a guy, I would agree, but granted, my perspective on the thing is different.
But it sounds to me, and I understand this guy's underlying point is that maybe he's
a little pissed off because these women get these big game scholarship deals or whatever,
the sponsorship deals because they have tits and ass and sell themselves as women.
It's just like when Paris Hilton was carrying around the PSP as like a status thing.
And I can understand.
Yeah, that ticks me off too, and I'm sure it ticks you off as well.
I don't want her representative of my fellow female gamers.
Paris Hilton didn't even know what the box was.
She's like, ooh, stuff.
I'm going to go lay on this.
Anyway, form your own opinions.
I wanted to bring it up because, like it or not, it is an article that's been circulating
a lot of the big news sites this week.
So check it out if you want, camerarom.info and blog from March 8th.
And I'm sure some of you guys want to respond to that, so we are going to open up our Skype
line at this time.
If you guys want to give us a call, you can give us a call on our Skype line.
Just go to interact with us on www.orangeloungeradio.com or you can actually give us a telephone call
as well.
The telephone number is 916-226-9067, but remember that could be a toll call, so please
ask the permission of whoever runs the line before you actually give us a call because
there might be charges incurred.
Let's go to the phones.
Wow, they're lighting up tonight.
Let's start off with you.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
Raven's Dolphin. Hello Raven's Dolphin, what's on your mind?
Hello. Well, I am a PSP gamer.
Uh-huh. And I see that you like,
you're just dissing it all night. Is there a particular part of the argument that
you don't like that I'm dissing on?
Well, there's lots of games that come out for it. There are a lot of games that come out
for the PSP, I'll give you that, but I'm gonna be honest, there just hasn't been a
whole lot that's really been that exciting to me, but that's not to say
that there isn't stuff coming up
that's exciting to me, such as, well, the Mega Man games were just released, and I still
need to check those out, but of course, me and my Katamari,
Luminous, I named as my game of the year last year, was a PSP game.
So, you know, there are things to like about the PSP. I just think that
you can't, it's not existing just to be a game system.
They're also trying to do a lot of other stuff with it, like, such as, you know, the
built-in web stuff, and the
Podcast downloads and the flash being incorporated into it and the i-toy and all that other stuff as well. Oh, okay
So was there anything else it was there anything else you want to say about that?
Yeah, I do. I bought Mega Man the two of them
Uh-huh. What'd you think about that? There's a little bit of lag. So just feel free to speak freely give your thoughts on that
I love them both. I thought powered up with the best. Well, I'm definitely gonna have to check it out
Yeah, you can download maps from it from their own servers
Well that's kind of cool and that's something you know that the DS doesn't do is like the
whole like I mean it's just now starting to get into the online interactivity thing so
you know Nintendo still has a long way to grow in that department but of course you
know when Metroid Prime Hunters is deciding but I like you know I like that idea of all
the expansions and all that stuff but anyway Ravenstaufen thank you so much for the call
we are going to have to go ahead and let you go because we're getting a little too much
lag there but and what we got a lot of calls on the line tonight so we want to go to another
caller there but you know yeah sometimes I dog on the PSP a little bit but you
know I've I've dogged on every system and I think we all have and it's just
you know I play my PSP every day and to be honest I don't there's nothing really
coming out that I want to play until there's another Grand Theft Auto which
I've been I've been using Rob's PSP to hold my UMD of Hellboy and to hold down
a couple books all right let's go to another call hello you are on Orange
lounge radio hello hello hi who's this um this is spec hi spec what's on your mind there's
a little bit of lag so just go ahead and get your question out well sorry about this that's
all right what's on your mind buddy go ahead and get your question out well i do want to
say that the biggest april fool's joke was probably the um the nintendo on if you guys
ever heard about that tell us a little bit about this i i vaguely remember this
but tell us about this joke it was someone had right before ethee had put
together this huge trailer saying what the revolution was
oh i think i think i wasn't this like kind of last year that yeah this is
like um i think around tokyo game show
something like that yeah interesting so so what do you what in
your mind made this the greatest april fools prank in your opinion
because it made people actually believed it I guess that's true it did run on a
lot of gaming sites so
that's success attorney Joe has a successful job in one of many reasons why
I hate April Fool's Day
and and also Jamie I just have one of my friends want to say something to you
okay okay so rock huh
I did I
it was either dark soccer rocks or fuck off I can't tell which one of the two it was
He said Sega Rocks.
Oh, okay. So you rock.
Thank you.
Alright. Take care, buddy. Have a good one.
Take care, buddy. We gotta let you go. We got a lot of lag there.
But thanks for calling in. We got some first time callers tonight. That's awesome.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, caller. Are you there? You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
I think it says Sega Rocks. That's still cool.
okay
okay i'm unfortunately i'm not hearing from this guy so maybe your mike was
down or something was going on there let's go to another call
hello you're on orange launch radio
hello hi who's this
this is nintendo maniac 64 nintendo maniac 64 what is on your mind
uh... i think sakura
yes sakura likes me or something i don't know
just saying
I think you're fairly cool.
We're fans of you because you're fans of us, that's why we cheer you when you come on.
So, what's up, buddy?
Um...
Not much, except, can I rant about this one friend of mine?
I suppose. Is it gaming-related?
Mm, kinda. He's...
He's...
Well, okay, he's a pretty big PS tool.
Okay, so tell us- okay, get it- get the rant out.
He just, like, always...
This is like Nintendo and Xbox, just like everything else.
Like, if it's not Sony, this is it.
Why?
I don't know.
Well, uh, punch him in the face.
I don't know what else to tell you.
He actually punched him in the face once.
Has he ever actually played Microsoft or Nintendo products?
Uh, he played Pictochat on my DS?
yeah okay that doesn't fucking count I mean that's that's not even like a game
you need to sit that boy down tell him you know what you need to try it or you
need to stfu and you tell him you tell him that three boobs on the radio said
that to him there's nothing I ran about all right hurry up he's basically a
neo-nazi I just my dog I just my dad is my dog isn't that a bloom-chin song all
Alright, forget it.
Alright, we gotta let you both go buddy, have a good one, okay.
And kick that guy in the balls.
Let's go to one more call here.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello?
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, hi there.
Hi, who's this?
Funny Dale.
Hi, Funny Dale, what's on your mind?
I was going to talk about the issue you had a few minutes ago about the female gamers.
By all means, go for it.
And the reason why you see these websites, the FragDolls and the PMS Clan all have these
like young supermodels is because, well, I hate to say this, but a lot, a good portion
of the video game audience is a bunch of 15 year olds who, well, can't get laid, so, and
they shouldn't really be looking at porn, so the FragDolls are probably the closest
thing.
I, you know what, and I agree with that, I totally agree with what you're saying, FunnyDale,
Because it's apparent in what's happening with G4TV as well, right?
Because it was supposed to be like a network for games and it kind of turned into, it's
just geared at the young 15 year old males and stuff who can't get laid, right?
It's the same thing.
But here's the problem I see with that, is that if gaming truly wants to open its audience
to everyone, as you see that Nintendo is trying to do very badly, and granted Nintendo doesn't
sponsor any of this stuff, but I'm talking about the gamer community as a whole, if you
You want to be looked at as something other than a bunch of 15-year-old kids who can't
get laid.
This shit has to stop.
And that's what it's really about, and I think that's why we're here kind of speaking out
against it a little bit.
It's here to say, you know what?
Gamers come in all shapes, sizes, and types, and we like games, and we don't have to fit
into these certain stereotypes.
And it's just another sign of how stereotypes hurt society, and that goes in all facets
Why can't we go back to the wonderful, you know, flashback for me like 20 years ago.
Or maybe not even quite 20 years ago.
Let's go back to the time when gaming was real gaming.
We're talking the Nintendo World Championships.
God damn it.
Why can't we go back to simpler times where it was based on skill and not whether you're
a man or woman.
It's how well you're good at Super Mario Brothers, Rad Racer, and Tetris when the Power Glove
was so bad.
Yes, Collar, you were trying to get a point in there.
The problem with the argument is that game publishers are there to make money, and they
make money doing that.
Just look at MTV.
That's a good point, but also look at games like Tetris and Brain Training and the PopCap
games is another big one on the internet, popcap.com.
Those games and those types of things really reach to such a broader audience.
I think the publishers have to be willing to take a risk once in a while.
I think Tetris is the exception, not the rule.
It is, but I mean, you know, games like that, well I'm just saying, you know, games in general,
you know, it could be the rule that games, and I'm not saying that there can't be those
types of games, but I wish there would be more than that.
You know, we should have more of everything, you know what I mean?
A broader selection.
Well, as long as it makes them money, they'll keep on doing it, and that's unfortunate,
but it's true.
But again, that's why I vote with my dollars.
It's a point that came up in part A,
vote with my dollars.
I'm not gonna continue to support these games
that are all about the TNA.
Well, maybe Dead or Alive, though,
because that game's kind of fun.
When it's like total exploitation,
then it's kind of funny.
D.O.A. volleyball is fun.
I'm sorry, I even think that D.O.A. volleyball
was just hilarious.
All right, well, thank you, Funny Dale, for your call.
You seem pretty well informed.
I have some good points there, okay?
It's no problem, thanks.
Have a good one, buddy!
All right, thank you guys very much for the calls tonight on our Skype line.
We'll try to open that up again a little later if we have time, but we've got to keep moving
on for right now.
And we're going to move on to a story that I thought this was fascinating.
Loki, this is about what happens to prisoners.
Spoiled rotten prisoners.
Now, seriously, it's really interesting.
Now when you go to prison, you actually might be able to play video games.
That's right.
Inmates in Oregon can purchase a plug-and-play console, kind of like a kiosk to Nintendo,
with 50 embedded games and are mounted to an LCD TV if they behave.
Plus, I don't know, it's just really interesting that they're actually coming out with video
games from inmates.
I mean, come on, they're in there for... unless they're playing really crappy games, like
you know, E.T. or something like that for the 2600.
What I thought was funniest about that kind of, that article was that
like some stupid prison had allowed games like Grand Theft Auto and games
where you're killing cops to actually be played until they realized what was
actually in the game. Oh my god! I didn't realize there was cop killing and cop killer the
game. Your tax dollars at work.
But is this a good thing, a bad thing?
I don't know. I think it's a stupid thing. I mean, as it is, it costs us
a ton of money to keep prisoners in prison anyways. Why are we giving them the
luxuries of all this stuff? In fact, why the hell are we even heating their cells or
anything? I mean, it should be kept like Alcatraz.
What happened to the days when prisons were places where people went to be punished?
The thing is that I hear that this comes out to sort of
combat like prison riots. It's to try and de-stress the prisoners
but I'm kinda like you know what? You gotta figure out a different way to
break up prison riots.
They riot! We shoot them with a shotgun to the face! I mean, come on! It's pretty simple!
Now we're getting into pretty radical politics but yeah you gotta think of other
ways to combat
prison riots, you know? They're gonna riot if they don't have a face!
Don't let them out of their cell if they're gonna riot.
I like the running man because Richard Dawson was a villain
And that's awesome.
One thing that's certainly villainous in its own way is spam on the internet.
You know you guys hate getting spam mail.
Well guess what?
Now you can get spam on your Xbox 360 thanks to Burnout Revenge who encourages you to send
in-game clips to your friends and you even get achievement points when you do so, right
Loki who spammed me last week with this?
Sorry.
It's alright.
You didn't know.
But this is the thing is that now everybody's getting spammed with these messages because
Is it so easy to send your clips to everyone?
Well here's the reason why.
One of the achievements, and it's actually 60 points, which is pretty big, is to make
it to the top 20 clips on Burnout.
The problem is though, in order to make it up there, the top clip has like a thousand
views on it right now.
So you have to send it to a lot of friends to get that to happen.
So yeah, I think you guys need to be a little smarter when you're thinking of your achievement
points scales like that.
That's not an achievement in gameplay.
That's an achievement in whoring.
And to be honest, the replays are kind of retarded anyways.
I mean, I've made some pretty cool ones, but nothing like, oh my god, you have to see this,
except for the glitch that I saw, but I couldn't record that.
Alright.
Anyway, you got some hackin' and crackin' news, right, Loki?
Of course.
The first one, it's pretty major actually, was that the Xbox 360 DVD firmware has been
hacked, and there's a video of it, and basically the way it works is all Xbox 360 games that
come out there. Of course, they're all encoded so that you can't reverse engineer them and
stuff. So that's something. Plus, each single file type,.xex, has a media flag. Basically,
the media flag tells the Xbox what type of media it's on. Whether that be a CDR, DVD-R,
DVD Plus R, etc, etc, or DVD, Xbox, DVD, Xbox 360, so it knows what type of media it's on.
So, for example, I try to copy a game and I make a perfect copy, and it's on a DVD-R,
it's going to say, hey, this isn't a press CD, I'm not playing.
So what they did was they actually modified the DVD firmware not to make that check.
So if I make an exact copy of the game, it will run like nothing.
Of course as with all these exploits
the hacking group behind it is not releasing the firmware because
they don't endorse piracy they only endorse hacking
so okay so yeah it's not gonna be released but um
it can be done. Well somebody else will have to figure it out I suppose who doesn't endorse
piracy if that's what you're into
exactly and here's my thing because I remember back in the heyday
when I used to like import games I used to get HK copies
basically these were mass-produced pirated copies where they would be
pressed
why aren't these floating around out there
and I mean because if you can press an exact copy of the game
and it's on a DVD I mean shouldn't it work?
maybe? I don't know. Just a thought.
but anyways and of course some other cool stuff
of course on the PSP the first one is this
really strange stick minigame, it's like with stick figures, called Pointless Tormenting.
And it's basically, you torment stick figures. It's just really simple, it's kind of stupid,
if you're interested in it. Remember Stick Fighter? Stick Fighter was kind of fun. That's
all I wanted to say. It's on, you know, PSP updates, so you can check that out. Pretty
sweet. Another kind of cool game is another homebrew game that's been I think even on
the Dreamcast called Dragon Fighter. It's kind of like a Final Fantasy fighting game
almost. It has the really super deformed characters and stuff. Dragon Fighter version 0.2 was
released on the PSP so you can check it out. I think actually some of the graphics were
used from RPG Maker is where they based a lot of the songs. Check it out, it might be
something interesting. It's free. It's on PSP updates as well. Another one that I did
find that was kind of neat was this game called Erquon Masters. Now if you remember way back
in the day in DOS games there was this game called Star Control which was pretty sweet.
It was like a kind of a space shooter RPG type of thing. Well this is based on that
and it's also based on another knock off game called of course Erquon Masters. But check
Check it out, they have version 0.50 available and it looks pretty sweet.
If it's anything like Star Control or Star Control 2 was, really fun shooter game so
check it out.
Alright, we're now going to go ahead and let Dark Sakura dive in and open up our mailbag
when you guys send us letters to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura likes to dig through the mailbag and pick out a few favorites to make fun of
here live on air.
I'm good at that.
No, just kidding.
We'll give some serious responses with our help here to this week's letters.
So let's open up the mail bag.
Who sent us the mail this week?
Siphaan wrote in and said, I've got another suggestion for the show.
How about making a question for the listener call-in section?
As it seems to me now, the call-in part is really people just doing a shout-out or whatever.
There doesn't seem to be any real structure.
If you were to pose a question early in the show, listeners would have time to think about
answers and could call in and discuss. I think it's okay to have random calls and
shout outs but it's not very interesting unless you have something to say. What do you think?
I think that's a good idea but I think I see a lot of other
podcasts that kind of do that and although I don't see a whole lot that
are interactive in that way a lot of them do it through email and things
like that and I kind of always like at least my envision of the show is that
things be like an open format and if somebody had a topic they wanted to
bring to us, they could do that on the Skype line.
So I'm not discounting your idea, it's a good one,
but I just, you know, I wanna keep that openness,
and I think Darkstalker and Loki agree here.
But certainly, you know what, I have an idea
that's very similar to what you're saying,
that you might see come up on a future show,
we just have to make sure the technology's in place.
However, that doesn't mean we might start getting
a little stricter with the Skype calls,
because I am getting a lot of feedback
from podcast listeners that some of the Skype calls
are kind of boring, so we may start having to cut
some of them from the show, like when people just call in to say hi and don't really have
anything to say, fortunately we're probably going to have to cut those from the future
podcast production.
So just kind of a word of warning though as you guys call into Skype, don't get us wrong,
we love to hear from you, but please have something to say.
And also please, that's gaming related, call Echo 1-2-3 so we don't hear this, yes, hi!
Yes.
Or when we hear ourselves say hi.
Hello!
Yeah, so you are going to see that starting in future weeks.
So you know, this is all kind of new to us, there aren't a lot of shows that do the interactive
so we're still kinda learning along with you but I think it's a good idea and I
think you'll see that we're gonna roll out something similar to that in the
future
so if you don't call Echo 123 before calling us we will send a Ninja
Death Squad after you. That's right.
We keep one in the closet
and a little storage shed outside. That's right. Also another question
he asks is WTF
have they done to Mega Man? Have you seen the screenshots from Mega Man powered up?
WTF, WTF, WTF.
Um, no I haven't.
Actually I haven't either. It's really super deformed.
He has a huge, ginormous head.
But it's a cool game! It really is a cool game. So,
you know what? It's a different art style. It's just like people go,
What the hell happened to Link?
He looks all cel-shaded and funky looking.
It's still a good game.
Except for the fact that the world was flooded and then when you go
to one spoiler part of this, you know, game when you see Hyrule's underwater, um, you're
like, why couldn't it have been that game, you know, where Hyrule's not underwater, but
whatever. Oh well. And more emails? Uh, actually yes, there is an email from Lauren. It says,
hey, I'm looking at full metal DDR pads on eBay, it looks like you can buy one for between
$100 to $500 plus, but I was wondering if you knew which manufacturers are the more
dependable blade ion etc one of these ones is I think it's the one that they
were selling it fries oh I've seen that pad before there oh it was broken here's
the thing here's that there's there's the problem with it right there you see
how it says what is this one we're looking at here the eBay one who makes
this one that's I can't find the manufacturer oh this way I've bought a
me a metal you a pad okay the ones that are like you know like an inch thick or
something and that sucker bent here here's the one that I was at e3 my
iguana girl got injured on yeah and the problem with that the one that you're
looking at there on eBay it says wireless you don't want a wireless
controller with a music game because there's too much of a risk even for the
slightest amount of lag will screw up your music game so don't don't get that
honestly guys you want a reliable metal pad to go to the people have been doing
it forever red octane you know we've given them a hard time in the past about
in the groove and stuff but you know guitar hero is pretty rockin and they do
make some solid controllers honestly the afterburner is is the place to be for
that their stuff has always been high quality yeah except for one particular
game in my opinion but other people feel differently so that's just my opinion or
build your own we also have the last two emails are from our friend Rob rockin to
read this a friend asked me to advise on streaming HDTV to his TV from his PC so
I looked it up if you go to Windows MCE the Windows MCE route there are
two Microsoft devices they recommend the Xbox 360 and Windows Media Extender on
the Microsoft page for MCE Windows Media Extender is downplayed almost completely
in favor of the Xbox 360 they really want to push those boxes okay interesting
point. And then the other thing is actually a link from, I guess, GamaSutra. There is
an article here about ESA files to retrieve Illinois bill game legal costs.
Ah, yes, the legal, you know, I've got to admit I've been trying to stay on what's going
on with the bills and the gaming through game politics because I have them friended on my
live journal, but there's just so much going on in so many different places, it's hard
to keep track of to bring you guys on the show but I thought I did think this
was interesting I saw a little bit about this so good
well just to read the first paragraph in this article in a recently bold new move
the game industry trade association with the entertainment software Association
has filed a petition to the United States District Court asking it to order
the state of Illinois to pay six hundred forty four thousand five hundred and
forty five in legal fee that's our dollars in legal fees for its
unsuccessful efforts to enact a law banning the sale of violent video games
in the state.
Trying to collect some of that money back that was lost on these bills that are way
too radical for their own good.
I think this is a very important point just to quote.
The judge was Matthew S. Kennelly when he declared the law unconstitutional.
His comment was, if controlling access to allegedly dangerous speech is important in
promoting the positive psychological development of children, in our society that role is properly
accorded to parents and families, not the state.
If you've got some e-mails you want to send along, mailbag at orangelauntrader.com is
a place to do it.
Let's move on to some more news and of course you know I couldn't get through the show without
bringing up something related to Final Fantasy XI.
There's new information coming out about Treasures of Otte, Oregon thanks to the event that happened
recently there, what was that in, I want to say Santa Cruz, I know it was somewhere in
California they had this big event, a live event, and they showed the new trailer and
everybody was cheering, well there's some new information on what's coming with the
game and this sounds like it's going to be a much more thorough expansion than Chains
of Promothea was.
Chains of Promothea was like new missions, new areas, woo, but this is a whole lot of
new stuff.
Besieged mode, this is where the enemies are going to start taking over the towns and you
actually fight to keep over the town, I think that's kind of neat.
There's also going to be an assault mode.
This is where if you're over level 50, you can just play for an hour or so, and you don't
have to assemble a giant party, you just go to take a huge quest.
This is a direct response to, it takes me too long to find a flippin' party, I want
to do something casually that doesn't take me all night long, so I think that's a good
idea except for the fact that it's limited to over level 50, because that kind of defeats
the purpose in many ways, because it takes a while to get to level 50, but okay, we'll
We're not even going to talk breaking the 50 cap and how hard that is.
We'll wait and see how that turns out before we make our final decisions on that.
Also we do know that there's going to be a brand new job class, the Puppet Master is
going to be a new job class along with the previously announced Corsair, who you might
as well call a pirate, and Blue Mage that were previously announced.
Wasn't that a movie?
Puppet Master?
I think so.
I don't remember if it was Puppeteer or Puppet Master.
Is it Puppet Master?
That just now has me thinking of a person with little creepy puppets going around.
That's actually what it is.
That's what it is.
That's cool!
Oh my!
Whoa!
We've got dark soccer to say something complimentary about Final Fantasy XI.
Someone note the date and time.
I'm blaming it being scary.
But you know what?
We've had village raids for years in Ragnarok Online.
Yeah, but that's just the GMs playing tricks on you.
So?
Alright.
Anyway, also this is very cool as well.
Chocobo racing is going to be incorporated into Final Fantasy 11 along with breeding.
So those of you guys that love to raise your own chocobos in Final Fantasy 7, now it's
going to be incorporated into Final Fantasy 11.
That is pretty cool.
I got to say my hat's off to them.
Can you get a black one?
Can you get a gold one?
I have no idea.
We won't know until it comes out.
You have to go race them at the gold saucer?
I don't know.
We'll see.
Also there's going to be a Mog Locker.
You can buy it for a price and hold additional items as well, for those that say my Mog House
won't hold enough, and that's also kind of the reason why people go and get a mule.
You know, a mule is a secondary character that you have to pay real life money to get.
Also, now there's going to be a Colosseum.
Don't really know what it's going to be yet, they just said a Colosseum.
Well they have PVP and Ballista, so we don't know if it's going to be PVP or if it's going
to be like like think about Final Fantasy 6 had a Colosseum and you would
like kind of bed an item and then depending on if you won you get
something better so who knows it could be a variety of things so we shall see
so pretty exciting and this is an addition to new areas and stuff so it
sounds like Final Fantasy 11 is learning from the poor reviews of Chains of
Promothea and kind of adding a lot more oomph into this expansion it's gonna get
some people back into the game here I come
enough said well that's not the only thing squares working on though right
right? I should say Squeenix. They're working on another MMO. What's this? Well, it's just
a brand new MMO. It's not going to be Final Fantasy related, you know, but... Tracking
Quest Online! But, uh, other details beyond that, nothing. They just know that they're
working on it, so. Final Fantasy 13? Probably not. It could be Final Fantasy, it could be
I did remember hearing them, they were working on another game and I do remember seeing something
about this.
It wasn't Final Fantasy, I can't remember what it was though, something that was like
out of E3 last year.
I seem to remember vaguely hearing something about this too, so I wonder if this is related
or if it's something completely different.
I don't know.
But, yeah, we'll see.
Alright, we're going to move on here now.
I know that I don't get a website of the week segment here on this show, but let's pretend
for once that I did get a website of the week segment.
This would be my website of the week if I had the opportunity.
It's a brand new website that launched this week, www.videogamevoters.org.
It's basically a place for you as a registered voter to take a stand against politicians
who come up with these harebrained bills about preventing the violent video games.
Once in a while, depending on the wording of the bill, it can be okay, but I'm talking
about the cases where they compare the games to pornography and all that stuff.
So I've been saying throughout the past couple of shows, vote with your dollars, so now here
you can vote with your votes, and it's basically a place to get people mobilized for action
in the political world in the name of gaming, and I think it's great.
Here's a little quote from the website about what they're all about there.
The Video Game Voters Network exists to empower Americans who play video games to take action
against threats to this entertainment medium and to stay informed about the latest issues
that could affect our choice in video game entertainment.
Video games are a modern form of entertainment entitled to the same creative and free speech
protections afforded by the U.S. Constitution to older media such as movies, music and books.
So join the Video Game Voters Network and speak up for games and gamer rights.
a stand protect your games that's www.videogamevoters.org I urge you to sign
up for this site even if you don't agree with all of it maybe you'll find that
once you've read it you don't agree with everything maybe that they're gonna do
at least you're educated and knowing is half the battle right yo Joe so bravo to
those guys for starting that up I think it's a good idea to get everybody
together to take action against this stuff and speak up and say you know what
gamers aren't a bunch of 15 year old guys who can't get laid there's a lot of
gamers over 18 who vote you guys in office and if you're gonna continue to
be ignorant about gaming which is what a lot of this stuff ends up being is
ignorance about gaming then we're going to remove you from office and put
someone in there who's not as ignorant good idea any last-minute stories anyone
wants to share but of course all right what's up kind of on the same you know
level as half-life 2 survivor for the arcade global VR developer of arcade
Machines has announced a new title for conversion to the arcade play and that
would be Ubisoft's Far Cry Instincts, the console version of the Far Cry series.
Crysis is coming to the arcade and that should be pretty sweet. It will include a
high-definition monitor on deluxe systems and surround sound so realistic
players will feel like they're right in the middle of the action. Of course EA
sports is also developing an arcade edition of the Nascar game as well so
I have one for you Rob about Sid Meier. Cool! A new PC game that will allow you
to build your very own rail network lane tracks and deciding routes
and designing trains called railroads with an exclamation point. Wait but there
was railroad tycoon. Alright it wasn't Sid Meier's railroad. Okay fine alright so fine
railroads. It's titled Sid Meier's railroads. Alright. It's a click and drag system delay
tracks, bridges, tunnels, blah blah blah. You can also, not only as your rail network
grows cities, industries, you organize cargo transport, provide passenger routes for commuters.
Fend off hobos. Stop it. You know, you'll need to basically watch the business side
as you are also dealing with the technical side. You know who will like this game a lot?
My dad. Because he used to work for the railroad. He's retired now but he worked for the railroad
so he loves these types of things, so I'll share this with him.
You also have the ability to make your own maps and scenarios and do your dream layout
in train table mode.
And you can also challenge historical figures like Cornelius Vanderbilt and JP Morgan.
So okay, that's kind of interesting because it's like the civilization aspect there in
railroading.
That's cool!
And it has LAN or online play, competitive, cooperative, so it's going to be pretty big.
Again, Railroad Tycoon is one of those
great classic games that you should definitely check out if you're
interested in something like if you're
you know kinda younger or into gaming or whatever and haven't checked out a lot of
old PC
gaming titles that are just fabulous. Civilization, definitely check that out
and Railroad Tycoon is great. Oh, this game looks very pretty, that's cool.
I hope it's easy to get into though. The problem with a lot of these
PC sim type of games is that the learning curve is way too high.
but hopefully uh... you know this will be easy to get into and civilization
at least the original one had a pretty good learning curve on its own
sift two and three were pretty good too, so I have faith
that this will be good. It's looking pretty awesome so far. I mean I probably wouldn't be too
into playing it but it looks pretty cool.
Alright, and comment from our chat room SSJ100Matt
this game is gonna railroad the competition waka waka waka. Har har har.
Oh, you win.
Alright, let's get into our last story of the night which is going to be brought
to us by
Loki
okay
were some crazy things people do to get an xbox three sixty
one of them is to memorize pie
that's right like apple cherry no pie is in
the number pie
a happy belated pie day to our listeners cause you know march fourteenth just
passed you know it's pie day
anyways
uh... mole
This 15-year-old student from Salem, Virginia, recited 8,784 digits of Pi from memory on
Tuesday.
His father promised to buy him an Xbox 360 if he succeeded his own personal goal, which
was 10,790.
He was actually trying to set the world record, which was, I think, previously 10,700, so
he wanted to cut. Or actually no, I'm sorry, 10,625 set in 1978 by David Foria. However
though, his dad teased him and saying because he did not reach his goal of 10,790, he would
get an Xbox 360, but no game. Yeah, he only gets a core. So he can't even download something
and download something off Xbox Live Arcade, he just gets a core.
Ironically enough, 10,790, that's how many systems that were actually sold in Japan.
Stop it.
You know what, though?
In the time it took him to learn to memorize that, the kid could have gone out and gotten
a job and gotten the money to buy this Xbox 360, don't you think?
Well, I guess it was.
He was 15, maybe he can't work and everything.
You can get a work permit at that age, can't you?
Hell yeah.
Yeah, so get a job!
well then again though different states different you know that's true
that's labor laws so whatever floats your boat I guess if that's how you want
to make money go for it
all right well this is something that I've
mentioned to you off the air before
there's going to be an announcement next week about
us and
Fanime
I'm excited about this huh and pie and no nope well maybe we'll bring pie
to Fauna Mae. We'll see. Do you want to promise Punch and Pie?
I think people should bring us pie. We do this show for free. I want you to bring me pie.
I'm not gonna bake pies. But maybe Dark Sockrel will bake some pies since after
all the
emails do say you should be in the kitchen. No. I'll bake
arsenic pie. Sounds like fun. I might go down for a day.
I'll check it out. We'll see. Alright, anyway,
that's going to about wrap it up for tonight's program. And ribbons and bows.
A few quick programming notes for you guys, for those of you that listen to Orange
Lounge Radio 24-7.
Just so you know, Pump Up the Volume will not be heard this week.
Because of Comcast. That's right. However, I did get the ultimate geek as my tech,
and he was awesome. That's cool. And then the guy who came to... He might be listening to this show tonight, who knows?
I actually did, well, I wouldn't say he's like a geek geek, but he's into the same type of cool,
He likes Monty Python and George Romero.
So he was really awesome if you were listening.
I totally forgot what your name was, because I actually do
want to send a compliment to your boss.
So if you are listening, email me at
jamieatorangejonesradio.com.
I will totally write a letter of
commendation to your boss.
But also, he needs to fix your line.
It's not him.
We found out what it is.
In fact, the tech who came over, the first thing he did
was go in and pet Shermie.
I was like, you're cool.
So I've had nothing but good from Comcast lately, even though my service hasn't been great.
When Loki and I lived together, we had a tech come over to the place that we were
living at, and the guy walked into the room and saw the arcade machine that
Loki had built and was like,
what do you guys do here? Dude, I still get stuff. I get, you know, people
like, I order pizza these days, and he's like, didn't you used to live on- yeah.
Cause I recognize the arcade cabinet.
That's great. I remember when you guys were building that.
That's pretty cool.
All right.
But, um, but I would like to say, what happened is that in my neighborhood, um, someone cut
the head line of a fiber optic cable, cost them $10,000 to repair it.
What a bunch of jerks.
And yeah, and so we were all out of service and what's happening is that while they're
affecting the repairs and putting everything back together, we've been having really erratic
service.
So I've been told to give it a week for it to clear up.
So as a result, so that you guys don't have to put up with the crap that happened last
week, I am not doing a show this Tuesday.
I will be back the next week.
Alright, but I will be on Wednesday night with the Rob Roberts show for some music and
some geek chat and stuff.
And you know, whatever else comes up, we'll let you know about it on orangelaundraider.com.
For now, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts, starting off with Loki.
My bad, I completely forgot something I wanted to talk about and I'll make it really quick.
We have to talk about this, DDR Supernova, it was at the ASI event that was going on
and there was some new stuff.
One thing, of course, Betson, the manufacturer of this, said no upgrade units will be available.
It's all new hardware, you can buy it straight, you know.
They did show videos that were recorded at the event of the new songs, including Healing
Division and also Chaos.
Chaos which has 4 goddamn billion tempo changes and stops in it, including 164th stops.
So it's absolutely insane and retarded, but it should be fun for people that want to challenge.
Also they showed a little bit of the battle mode, which is just like dance magic mode.
Loki got refuted.
Oh.
By Legend of Zaku.
It just says it's not true at this time.
Ah.
Oh snap.
Alright, my final thought is my ears need to pop, so I'm gonna go chew gum.
I'm sure you wanted to know that.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
I have very conflicting emotions toward Comcast right now.
And reject false icons.
All right.
Guitar Vader!
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to Orange Lounge Radio this week and supporting
Independent Radio, and we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
you
