Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio. That's right, Rob
and Jamie are both still out. Jamie's actually feeling a bit under the weather right now
And her microphone is broken and Rob was trying to record a podcast on an iBook and well that didn't work out too much
You know so much for those Mac products. Anyways, I'm here to deliver another podcast for you guys
There's so much news. I couldn't possibly pass it up
Anyways, I'm gonna start things off like I started off every week with how my gaming week was once again
I've been playing full-auto all week long and I've gotten to the point now where I'm almost done with the game about
90% done and it's gotten goddamn frustrating. I have slammed controllers, cursed at my 360 and
literally almost broke the game in half. It's just really annoying, especially when you get to the part where the gang wars
and you have to work with some AI that's completely retarded and they want to end up blowing you up and you get penalized if
you blow them up. It's just really frustrating to get a gold in that, and I'm really trying
to do it, but I just have to really take breaks from it. I've been playing a little bit of
Hex HD a little bit, and it's an okay game. Tried a little bit of the Xbox Live Arcade
Gauntlet, and man do I suck at the original Gauntlet. Of course, been playing a little
bit of Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories and Deathmatches. Finally finished up February's
runnings and unfortunately I came in second this time around so
oh well better luck next month I guess. Alright let's start things off with
Microsoft's
origami project. This is a brand new
device put out by Microsoft. They've been teasing it a little bit here.
The full details are supposed to hit the internet
on March 2nd but right now they did have a teaser
kind of a concept video if you will showing off what this thing can do.
It can basically play music, show some pictures, link up with the internet, has GPS, also a
media PC extender, Wi-Fi, touch screen, and of course they showed a little bit of gaming
going along with it.
So I'm thinking they're trying to use this as a PSP killer, possibly an iPod killer.
Just trying to combat all the portable gaming and media systems out there.
It should be interesting to see how this pans out.
It did look a little bit big, so I'm not really sure if they're going to be trying to pass
it off to the same market as maybe people that have iPods, but definitely a good alternative
to a laptop or a media PC or, I don't know, just something that you can take with you
on the go, browse your email and that type of thing.
So kind of interesting.
Now got a little bit of a scoop for you guys.
We have Activision's 2006 and 2007 line-up for their upcoming games, and it's actually
going to be something they're going to be debuting at the Destination PlayStation show.
Some of the notable features on here, we've got some of the movie expansions coming out.
Also Quake Enemy Territory coming out on the PC, of course that one looked really sweet.
Really interesting though is they do mention some of the lineup for the next-gen systems, which I thought was very interesting
including some of the revolution launch titles
Two of the revolution launch titles will be Tony Hawk
downhill Jam
Which is going to be the next in the Tony Hawk series and Marvel Legends no word on what Marvel Legends is going to be
But should be pretty interesting some of the other games coming out of course Call of Duty 3 on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360, X3, you know, tying into the new X-Men movie, as well as some really interesting
titles including Pimp My Ride the game, and Koala's African Safari, as well as the History
Channel Civil War first person shooter game.
I don't know how that's going to work, but it should be interesting.
If you do happen to have, though, a PSP or a Nintendo DS, they haven't forgotten about
you either gun is coming to the PSP as well as Call of Duty 3 should be very
interesting or Call of Duty is gonna be heading to the PSP not sure if it's
gonna be Call of Duty 3 but probably a port of something or other also they
have over the hedge which is gonna be tying in with the Dreamworks movie and
pimp my right as well for that so interesting looks like the DS is also
getting spider-man kids I deal with that is but sounds pretty cool speaking of
the revolution though there's been some more titles announced for it as well one
of them being pennant chase pennant chase is actually a baseball game is
slated for August of last year and it's been pushed back and pushed back well
now they're talking that's gonna come out on the revolution whether it be a
launch title or not, should be interesting to find out. But, I don't know. Anyways, speaking
of the revolution, the cost of the revolution has definitely been one of the points for
that everyone's been looking at. They're debating whether it's going to be about $200 to $150
retail when it comes out. And a little bit of news that's actually going to back that
up. The software development kits have been priced and they're only going to be costing
developers $2,000. Now in comparison here, the PlayStation 2 software development kit
when it first came out was $20,000 per kit at launch. In fact, the original PlayStation
was only $4,000 to $5,000 at launch, so they're even cutting that in half. That's only backing
up the fact that they're trying to lower development costs and basically just lower the price of
games as we know them. So that's something to look forward to. Of course, more stuff
about the revolution is coming our way in E3 this year and one of the rumors
that we're going to see at E3 and I've been saying this before is going to be
some sort of virtual reality and well we've got some more hints at that. A
member of IGN's forums going by the name of Discreet here actually posted some
information about what's going to be coming out and the information that he
posted? Well, it was about this brand new 3D technology brought out by a company
called 3DH. And 3DH is basically a company that's developing holo
projection as well as the glasses to use this. And some of the pictures that they
show on the website look pretty sweet. So imagine using a 3D controller with this
holo projection system, possibly the glasses. You can see that, you know, the
Revolution is going to stand in a class all by itself so that's going to be
really sweet. Another title that's also rumored to be coming to the revolution
of course Nintendo's denying it would be Zelda. Zelda is actually the brand new
Twilight Princess it's been delayed until November now we all thought is
because of the launch and of course as I've been saying week after week is
because they're adding something special to it so this has been confirmed that
they're adding some added functionality to the GameCube title. Now, no word if it's actually
going to be on the revolution, but still the game is going to be launching with the revolution.
Now on to another Nintendo platform here. We have Metroid Dread DS, a 2D Metroid sequel,
sequel rumored to be in the works for the new DS.
Fansite DSX is basically saying that the rumored non-3D sequel of the Metroid series is still
in the works, but still, you know, rumor right now, I don't know, it's still looking forward
to the brand new Metroid Prime Hunter, which is going to be coming out on the DS here in
March as well as, if you haven't played it yet, Metroid Prime Pinball, which I hear is
okay, but I don't know how well pinball games do on the DS.
In other news, The Legend of Zelda has reached its 20th anniversary.
That's right, 20 years of Link.
It's been one hell of an adventure ever since the 8-bit game came out on the Nintendo.
And now, of course, you know, with the news of Twilight Princess, it's only fitting that,
you know, we say happy birthday, Link. In other franchise news here, we've got a brand
new Mario game coming out, of course, on the Nintendo DS. That's right, the new Super Mario
Brothers has a street date now. May 7th right now is the tentative date for the new Super
Mario Brothers, and that's pretty sweet that it's going to be coming out here only a couple
days prior to E3, so it'll be worth checking that one out.
Another little thing here about the DS.
There's been a lot of rumors going around about a brand new revision to the DS, and
of course we're all familiar with the DS Lite, the brand new slimmed down DS with a brighter
screen.
There's still possible a third revision to the DS, and actually there is a patent discovered
this week that kind of backs that up.
The patent is for a brand new portable gaming system from Nintendo, and it actually shows
dual touch screens, not necessarily saying two screens that are touch screens, but actually
being able to point two positions simultaneously on the touch screen.
Now why is this important?
If you think about it, for example, one of the demonstration photos that they had on
there was like of a flight sim and you'd put your fingers on the tips of the wing
and basically be able to maneuver your plane through you know whatever
obstacles that you might encounter very similar to an Nintendo Revolution
controller think about that one for a little bit so that'd be interesting to
see if that ties in with the whole revolution system when that comes out
now if you can't wait that long for the third revision well you might as well
wait just a little bit longer for the second revision. That's right, the Nintendo DS Lite
is hitting the United States in May, so check that out. Might as well pick up your copy
of the new Super Mario Brothers game. And, of course, that's supposed to take over the
old DS by fall. They're going to be phasing out the original DS revision and, yeah, pretty
much DS Lite's going to take it over. Very similar to the way the Game Boy Advance SP
is taking over the Game Boy Advance, for all those who don't remember the old Game Boy
Advance. Speaking of portable system revisions, there's been some rumors about the PSP2. The
new PSP is rumored to feature an 8GB NAND flash hard drive. I guess this would be used
for more of the, you know, your portable media and MP3s and stuff, kind of as another iPod
Anyways, that should be interesting. Another rumor going around about the PSP2 is that it will be containing a video camera, a new webcam.
And now this will be used actually as a mobile camera or possibly to put yourself in the game kind of like an itoy type of thing.
Map your photos onto your characters in the game.
Now currently the camera that we're talking about using for the PSP2 would be a Sony Ericsson mobile phone camera and basically it'll be placed on the PSP screen right about now where the PSP logo is currently found.
Now I don't know if that's a good idea. Personally I would like to see it at the top of the system where you could rotate it around to possibly use this as, you know, say a digital camera.
Because personally I could use a good digital camera.
Now to kind of back up the PSP camera rumor, there's actually been some ads spotted on London trains recently that kind of point towards possibly a camera coming out.
Now the advertisement shows basically a blank screen with the words View? No way! Delete View! Oh my god! Delete View! I don't remember taking that. Delete View at last! A decent one store here.
Now that sort of sounds like they're viewing digital photos, so kind of pointing towards
maybe that the camera is coming out.
Should be interesting, good addition to the PSP.
Speaking of cameras, the PSP isn't the only system to get a new camera.
It's actually been announced that the Xbox Live camera and microphone is going to be
released here pretty soon.
The camera is going to be able to shoot 640 by 480 video at 30 frames per second and take
1.3 megapixel still photos.
The camera will support built-in video chat and video messaging on Xbox Live, plus being
able to use it as sort of an iToy type of peripheral, being able to put yourself in
the games and that type of thing.
Still got one more peripheral for the Xbox 360 owners.
This one's going to be an Xbox 360 transfer kit from Datel.
The transfer kit's basically going to be just like the Exchange 360 site where you can transfer
your game saves from your Xbox 360 to your PSP. It's pretty interesting that they're
going to come out with something like this. The only problem, though, is you can only
dump the whole card at one time. It's expected to retail about $14.99.
On to a completely different topic. Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, is coming to American
Cell Phones. That's right, the popular DS title, which was a remake of the Japanese
Game Boy Advance title, Gaikuten Saiben, and the only one of the three-part series to get
the official US English translation, Gaikuten Saiben 2 and 3 are now being localized for
the US as downloadable content. In other news, some of your favorite old-time games from
Sierra are coming back. That's right, Sierra's classic adventure games are being re-released
to run on the Windows XP. Everything from Space Quest to Police Quest to, of course,
Leisure Suit Larry. It should be very interesting to see those come out. They're going to be
retailing at about $20 each, so look for those coming soon. Speaking of titles being re-released,
the Sonic 360 director has been hinting that Dreamcast titles could possibly make their
way onto Xbox Live's arcade. Masato Nakamura was asked if Sega had any plans to release
Sonic on the Xbox Live Arcade. He did reply, yes, we hope we can do something like it.
Was this a hint towards Dreamcast games being released on Xbox Live Arcade or possibly some
re-release of an old Sonic the Hedgehog game on the 15th anniversary of the series? We'll
Alright, for all you folks who are fans of the show, you'll know that my favorite topic
of discussion is the PSP homebrew scene, and we've got some good stories for you this week.
The first is going to be the brand new Super Nintendo emulator, SNES9X version 0.4 has
been updated, and this time the brand new feature is going to be wireless gameplay.
That's right, you can do multiplayer via Wi-Fi ad hoc, so it should be pretty cool.
One of the games that they've been able to run so far on it has been Street Fighter II
and it's been able to run at 60 frames per second while playing versus over Wi-Fi, so
that's amazing.
I can't wait to try that one out actually.
Another homebrew game that we've got coming out here is going to be Commander Keen.
That's right, everyone's favorite shareware game is back.
They've actually added emulation for all different firmwares so you'll be able to run this homebrew
on everything.
Right now you can download that on PSPupdates.com and you can check out, they've got the original
shareware episode included with that, so go check that out.
Now, if you're not a fan of Commander Keen, you may be a fan of Zork.
That's right, the Texas Adventure game has hit the PSP.
What's interesting about that is it's being run through a Game Boy emulator.
Using Rin, the emulator for your PSP, you can actually run some of the Zork games, including Zork 1, 2, and 3.
You can find out more information on that, on PSP updates, of course, and check it out.
I believe you need Zork 1 for DOS, and then they basically walk you through on how they'll be able to run that as a Game Boy ROM, so check it out.
Alright, let's switch focus here and let's talk about a game system we're never going
to see and that would be Infinium Labs Phantom.
That's right, the Phantom, well, they're not doing very well actually.
Infinium Labs has actually run up a $62.7 million dollar bill.
Only $3.5 million of that has been to development costs.
The rest has been in salaries and marketing and just normal expenses.
Right now they're focused on getting the phantom lap board out and that's just a wireless keyboard
and mouse.
We're never going to see the system, folks.
It's just the way it is.
They're taking on so many losses right now.
By the time this thing ever gets to market, they're never going to make their money back.
It's just pitiful.
Now there's something a bit more controversial.
News station WGN has apparently stumbled onto video game addiction. They've actually run
a piece, Philadelphia's Channel 6, showing how video games could be like the next version
of crack, the way they basically have portrayed video games, showing how kids ignore their
families and ignore their dog. You know, who cares? Dogs don't need attention anyways,
especially when it comes down to video games. But the whole story is just a blatant ratings
ploy, basically. And huge backlash over that. Alright, so you've spent a lot of money, you've
got your brand new TV to go with that new snazzy next-gen system. Well, if you're thinking
about buying a Blu-ray or HD DVD video player, think again. Basically, 3 million HDTV owners
out there are going to be screwed. Why are you guys going to be screwed? Well, that's
because the brand new next-gen systems, or at least the video systems, are only going
to have HDMI or DVI connections. So your standard HDTV is not going to have that. Sorry, guess
you should have bought a more expensive TV. So, screw you Sony, and screw you Toshiba.
And since we're on the topic of screwing people, let's talk about screwing Electronic Arts.
That's right, if you haven't pre-ordered Black, then you probably didn't know that there was
actually a hidden code to get a brand new gun in the game. The big fucking gun as you
would put it. But guess what? A lot of people out there say who cares and they went ahead
and hacked the flash site and found the code for you. So get a pen and paper here. The
The code to get the BFG is 5SQQ-STHA-ZFFV-7XEV.
Have fun, enjoy the big fucking gun, and blow up a lot of people.
Alright, well that about does it, so I will see you guys later.
Enjoy this podcast, and we'll be back live again on March 5th.
Talk to you later.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
All information on this website is purely information and should not be used as the
of Orange Lounge Radio.
