Today, February 5th, 2006, new details emerge on the PlayStation 3, do American games always
fail in Japan and a special ode to Kingdom Hearts.
host mr. ferret and that's it we fired the other two no just kidding say hello
to dark Sakura Jamie summers I got a ferret me yes you do it would it send
your burrito was the name of the fair in your burrito your burrito one night I
fed my ferret some beer say hello also to z1 and only Loki hi how you doing bad
Bad Rob! Bad Rob. Printer sucks.
Let me set up a little background. I know we're a video game show, but let's face it,
we gotta talk about our personal lives once in a while too.
Okay, I just bought a cheap printer today because for work I'm going down to L.A. on Monday
and I have to fly out at six o'clock in the morning.
Well, I'm flying Southwest. You know how Southwest has those, like, boarding pass systems where
depending on what time you print your boarding pass from the internet, you get an A, B, or C pass, right?
So I bought a printer so I could have myself an A pass.
Well, I screwed up. I thought you couldn't print your passes until after midnight and then like literally 30 minutes before the show
I realized oh crap. You can actually print them up to 24 hours in advance
so I'm hooking up the printer in this furious frenzy and
Now the damn thing won't even print and Loki stuck over there because I have his computer frozen up with the boarding pass sitting
Yeah, because because this wonderful printer that you bought didn't come with a black cartridge because that would have been too expensive and the prayers
Like no, I don't want to prove that black cartridge. Fuck you. That's what it's saying
So now I'm gonna have to leave that up and try to run and get a black cartridge after the show
so I can have my stupid boarding pass.
And here I brought Kingdom Hearts 2.
I know, and I totally missed a chance to check it out before the show
because I made a mistake in Southwest's stupidy-doopity policies.
Maybe we could look at it during the break.
I'm getting the look of disbelief, so...
Yes. Oh, say hello to, joining us in our fourth chair tonight,
say hello to somebody who also has a show here on Orange Launch Radio.
Say hello to Extofer.
Hey, Rob Ofer.
How you doin'?
Not bad. And you?
Good. First time on the podcast.
My podcast debut.
How you doing?
I'm doing well. You asked me that.
Already. But I'm well now.
I'm a little flustered, okay?
I'm under a tad bit of stress
because now I'm like, shit, what if that boarding pass
gets lost? I'm gonna cry.
That would be funny. I mean, it would be sad.
No, it would not be funny. Then I'd be stranded and my boss would murder me.
Yeah, it'd still be funny.
Anyway.
let's not talk about my personal crisis is for a minute let's talk about
our gaming weeks and how that's been going I'll start off with the lovely
dark soccer with how was your gaming week I'm staring at the pretty precious
I have in my hands Kingdom Hearts 2
which I've been playing a little bit of enough to realize that Roxas
sucks and that I'm glad that I don't have to use him the entire game
um hmm it's gotta
it's very interesting it looks very very pretty on my TV
except it's still you know on the ps2 so it's
got jagged ease all to hell and back but the CG scenes look really pretty
I loves me some Kingdom Hearts yep
I've also been playing lots of Animal Crossing of course
and Dan picked up Maverick Hunter X
the Mega Man X remake and it's pretty damn cool
I mean it they completely redid the game for the PSP
it's fabulous and also if you beat the game you get to get this little sorta
OAV of how things led up to the situation
that actually the dubbing in it is not horrendous which surprises the hell out
of me
it's very very well done I'm very pleased and then you can play as a
The first guy that you fight
Whose name eludes me at present, but he looks like Boba Fett
And that's the Japanese copy video. Yeah. Oh the American one Wow
and
Maverick hunter Oh Maverick hunter am I yeah, I was wondering how I was playing it then
Purchased at a GameStop. No, no. No, I was talking about Kingdom Hearts
No, go back to the boarding pass Loki make it work
What about Kingdom Hearts is that's the Japanese? Yes, this is okay. Okay. I'm up to speed. This is the Japanese one
And how does that?
How is that?
Beautiful it was pretty but jaggedy. Well, yeah, I mean just you can understand it's it actually plays more like Devil May Cry
In fact you want to play this game on as hard of a level as you can or you will not level up high enough
to beat Zephiroth by the time you get to him because you have to fight and level a whole
lot to do certain things in this game but also you don't get to see a lot of the really
neat attacks if you're playing on the beginner mode because they all just die way too fast
it's like hit dead explosion and then a chain reaction where the others die for you it's
no so um I totally forgot the other games I played all week so because I played other
stuff I play the crap load of puzzle fighter on my gameboy micro which when
you're is sitting in a waiting room having your eye checked out after it is
swollen from an allergic reaction to a dog which I will be getting to later on
in the show and your eye is like in searing throbbing pain it's very hard to
look at a gameboy micro screen I tortured myself for my art alright my
eyes still looks like I got punched in it I didn't I didn't even notice I don't
oh okay a little bit it's not it's not as bad as it was Friday because I looked
like a Romero reject it was all like red bloodshot and then like that clear green
that they only give zombies okay so yeah I look like a Romero reject which means
we have to cut off her head no it's just you're nobody in this room is in any
danger of me eating their brain oh that's that's refreshing thank good I'm
glad yeah I love you guys all right we'll go over to extra fur how is your
gaming week what kind of video games you've been playing this week um the
only one that I've been playing is World of Warcraft and it's been pretty well
what what kind of characters do you have in World of Warcraft I have a night elf
a level 38 night elf
on the Malfurion server. And I also have a
level 29 druid on the
spine breaker server that I've been playing with.
And they are mucho fun to play with.
How are the guilds that you've been joining up in the game? Lots of drama.
I swear, I didn't know that all of this drama in
the world of video games existed but there's a bunch of drama queens in World of Warcraft
totally like like I I got invited to a guild not too long ago on the spinebreaker server
and they the leader kept on giving me gifts or whatever like giving me you know he was
enticing me with gifts and suddenly like last night I'm playing and I knew that there was
a little bit of drama it didn't have anything to do with me or anything like that in the
guild and two people were kicked off recently and then the leader himself
left the guy who invited me so I'm like you know I didn't even talk to anybody
really on that guild anyway and the guy the only guy I talked to was the guy who
was giving me things so I was like you know screw this guild and I left and
then Shane invited me to his or Miklotov which you guys all know yeah he was here
last week um and stuff exciting all right um Loki do you want to stop
fighting with my new printer for a minute to tell us about your gaming week
hmm no but yeah I will okay I've been played too much I played Ridge Racer 6
a lot as well as some more Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories and a little
bit of Animal Crossing and that's pretty much it didn't play too much Call of
Call of Duty, really busy week so, lots of Ridge Racer though, I love that game.
I'm having a little bit of an off night tonight if you can't tell.
Haven't you had an off week?
Kinda, you know there's more drama, let me talk about my gaming week because there's
a lot more drama.
Yeah, what games have you not been playing Rob?
That would be anything on the Xbox 360.
Oh wow, what happened?
Let me talk about what happened, I got my Xbox 360 this week, I did, I finally found
the Xbox 360 I used the Best Buy locator thing that we talked about on the show
a couple weeks ago and I found out that a Best Buy had the Xbox 360 in stock so I
ran over there to Best Buy and they were out of premiums already at that point
but I managed to score myself a core system yes so I bought a core system and
the the clerk was really nice and she gave me it was really weird like she had
little slips of paper that had core written on it and the managers signature
and I had to take that up to the counter to get one of the core systems unlocked
out of the gate and get my little core system to take home and play. So, you know,
cool. And I picked up Cameo, or Cameo, I want to say Cameo, Cameo, and Dead or Alive 4.
So I got all that and I went home and I had a pretty good time with the Xbox 360.
I was playing Cameo a little bit. It's not quite the game I was expecting,
but it was, it was okay. It's kind of fun, I guess. It's a, it's a decent launch
title. It's a solid launch title. Then I was playing a lot of Dead or Alive 4,
That game was very sexy and you know lots of it's it's a beautiful looking game has lots of boobs
It does it has lots of boobs and the environments are huge. I love the stages in that game. It's so great
It's it's almost like free walking anywhere. I like the Mexican wrestler. Does he have boobs? She knows she
Yes, I like the all-american girl with the the the huge knockers. Yeah, Tina
I like her she was my favorite and her dad Hulk Hogan my my best my best character though was the geisha
Kokoro or whatever. She's she's the best her name means heart. That's right. So I'm the game they all had mega boobs
Yeah, they all have mega boobs. It's awesome. So anyway dead or alive for awesome. So pretty but um
Here's here's the problem is that oh and I download stuff on Xbox arcade to like joust which was awesome
I played Joust co-op online in battle, that was fun.
And I played, what else did I download on there?
Oh, Geometry Wars, which was a lot of fun too, you know, just like what everybody says.
That was all on Wednesday, I got the Xbox 360 on Wednesday, and Thursday I played a
little bit of it too.
I went to my friend's house for a little bit on Thursday because he just moved into a new
place.
He was like, Rob, come over and see a new place.
I was like, okay, so I went over and we, you know, had dinner and stuff, and then I came
home and I'm like, okay, I want to play a little bit of Joust before I go to bed, so
So I power up the Xbox 360 and something doesn't look right on it.
It's flashing red.
Like one of the little lights in the lower right hand corner is flashing red.
I look at the TV and it says, System Error, Contact Microsoft Support, Code E74.
And I was like, the fuck?
I just bought this thing.
What the hell is wrong with it?
So I said, okay, you know what, maybe I just, maybe it's just a bad time, I'll just let
it rest.
I'll try it again.
So I let it rest.
unplugged all the cords replugged them all back in still didn't work I thought
okay maybe my systems not getting enough ventilation so I'll put it out in the
open okay unplug all the cords totally re-situate my Xbox 360 plug it back in
still doesn't work okay maybe my Xbox 360 is just being moody so I said okay
fine I'll try this again Friday when I get home from work so I tried again
Friday when I get home from work still nothing still broken not even a day and
and a half after owning my xbox 360 it broke and it has not worked since this is not this is not
one of those like reading it on the internet where oh look at some poor schmuck who their xbox 360
broke right off the bat it was me me my xbox 360 broke and i didn't do anything to it i didn't move
it between the last time i played it because i went to a friend's house came back and powered
it on the same place it was there was nothing possible i could have done to break the system
But you're a coke spilled on it. No, not even that don't and also the lemonade. No, nothing when I say lemonade. I mean
Stop it anyways
No, I was just gonna say, um
You know, we're here when it all I know I know and your reaction was priceless because you were laughing
I was like, I thought you would be just like, you know scary, you know moody Rob
But you were actually like I can't believe this. I think it was disbelief or something like that you're like
Because like most of you out there
I'd read the stories on
Joystick and dig and Kotaku about you know oh these poor bastards their s box 360s broke right after they bought them and
happened to me
And now you have to wait for a box yeah, so I called so I didn't know what to do
I'm like okay. Do I take it back to Best Buy?
Well, what the hell are they gonna do they don't have any more Xboxes to give me
there's still the shortage going on. So I called Microsoft and I sat on the line
for you know a good 10 minutes and some rep came on the line and said yeah you
know you have a hardware error I'm like I can see that on the screen that says
it's a hardware I'm like I didn't do anything to this he's like well I think
like the only thing you're really gonna be able to do is send it back so we can
take a look at it and you know work on it and the whole process takes a week
because obviously they have this thing down to a science right now you know
they're fixing these broken Xboxes because apparently there's a ton of them
out there so I'm now waiting for a box to come to me from Microsoft so I can
send back my Xbox 360 so everybody out there do not play with the box no I take
what happened to me it's a lesson honestly think twice before you buy an
Xbox 360 because obviously Microsoft has tons of issues right now I'm sorry if I
sound a little bitter but I am because I spent like $500 my hard-earned money on
this system and the cords and the games all that garbage for nothing the damn
thing broke you know and I'm sure it says oh you know oh well you know it
happens that's what happens with a first-gen system Rob you should have
waited until you know it was a second wave no Microsoft shouldn't have put
this stupid system out on the market until the damn things worked and
technically it is a second wave or third wave or fourth wave yeah exactly right
now they've had how many months how many months I did nothing I I'm an
intelligent gamer I've been playing games since god knows when I know what
to do and what not to do with the system I know do not put a new system don't put
it on top of other things he can't ventilate I didn't do anything bad with
the system the system was faulty from the start
although I'm wondering though if it's not just something simple wrong with it
because usually it's the three lights flashing that's bad one light flashing
I'm not sure you know it's kind of like code red code yellow the person
Microsoft didn't want to tell me what it really meant they just said it was a
hardware failure, send it back. So that's what I'm going with.
Oh crap, we put original Microsoft motherboard in there. Ugh! Stupid! No, I don't know.
But, yeah. I'm sorry, we can't divulge what errors, what's wrong with your system.
So you'll have to forgive me, if I sound a little bitter about the Xbox 360 stories tonight,
excuse me, but I think I have a reason to be.
I think you saved up your moodiness for tonight.
I did. Well now, and this whole printer malfunction thing just has me even more on edge with the
thing but you get for rearranging my stuff shut up I'm not in a good mood now
angsty hate rage fire burn comfort slash burninate Microsoft I'm so mad maybe I'll
be in a better mood once the damn things fix I'm going out of town tomorrow so I
said that's what you get for playing with the box let's move on to some
gaming news let's talk about something else I want I don't want to open with an
Xbox 360 story tonight because I'm a little pissy so I want to open with
something else so somebody give me a story on something else Loki please tell
me you have a story not related to Xbox 360 so anyways with the 360 no anyways
no we do have a story talking about the revolution and it's low low prices so
crazy anyways um analysts say that the revolution is supposed to be priced
between 200 and 250 which is pretty cool kind of what we already figured though
anyways of course revolution will be launched likely by November so looking
good especially since all the other systems other costs over you know $400
so that's not good or you know $299 for a core system that doesn't even come
with the frickin' chords that I need for my T.P.
Yeah $299, but you need a lot of stuff in order to.
I love how only with the core system do you get the ever rare composite cables minus the
S-video.
If you want S-video, you gotta pay another $29.99.
Not happy.
Go Microsoft!
Not happy.
I'm sorry, if I sound anti-Microsoft tonight, usually I try to be very unbiased when it
comes this whole thing and I you know and I would say overall our listener
base you know because I'm watching the chat room over orange on radio.com click
on chat and our listener base usually they dog on Microsoft I don't see too
many people dogging on Sony or Nintendo and usually I stick up for Microsoft and
I say you know what let's be fair to all the systems and Microsoft does that set
up tonight you know free rein bash Microsoft I want I don't care I'm
turning a blind eye to it. I don't care. Jamie, do you care? Let him have him. Let him bash
Microsoft tonight. I don't care. What? Mine works. I don't care. Mine doesn't. Therefore
I'm angry. Does yours work too, Logie? I bring mine to work every day. Should I open my wound
a little more so you can pour some more salt in there? I toss my boxes inside of a bag
out there and I actually, you know, bring it and toss it in the back of my car every
day and, I don't know, it was one of those rare cases that it worked.
I'm going to stick that fucking ferret in the box.
No you're not.
I'm going to put Senor Burrito in the box.
Well I don't get how they don't know what's wrong with it and they're supposed to be spending
more time on quality control.
I don't know if maybe Joe quality control was taking a break when your Xbox came down
the line.
Maybe he was taking a piss and that's why Rob's Xbox doesn't work.
It worked for a little bit.
Here's what I don't get about the Xbox problems is they'll, you know, you'll be playing this
system fine you shut it off okay everything's peachy you know you come back it doesn't turn
on what you know it's like the xbox can't break itself when you're not playing it i mean that's
really stupid just know that um you're supposed to watch water sports on the tv with your xbox 360
not actually use your xbox 360 you know in the in the whole uh let's let's water sports
Just I'm derailing your joke. Let's see some of the fury in the chat room
Let's see if I have any supporters in chat right now. I'm looking at chat room here
Let's see that the dark knight says Rob it had Windows 3.1 in it. Maybe I don't know. Let's see
What do we have? We have Rini says in communist Russia 360 breaks you
Yeah
Here the George Bush runs on Windows jaded 2006 says actually I'm only biased to Microsoft and tonight
I don't care fine. Go ahead be my ever slip more towards Microsoft Dark Lion xvi says that's why I never buy anything Microsoft. Oh
And now here we go here we go I'll see now now Tony is saying I will dog on Sony and
says luminous overrated
PSP square button her
Rini also wants to know does sky have a period tonight if I do I have a good reason
He has PMS all the time. Just don't read too much into it.
Rob has PMS, putting up with Microsoft shit.
There you go! Thank you! Bravo!
I shake your hand, lady. That's the smartest thing ever said on this show.
Hey! I've said plenty of smart things.
No, it's the smartest thing ever said on this show.
You need to listen. You need to get that Microsoft out of your ears and listen to me a little bit.
Oh, I can't hit you with that.
It's Kingdom Hearts and it's it's the the prettiest thing I have right now. Yeah, you don't want to get it
What with all the with Rob brains? Yeah with all the blood coming out of his vagina. Let's move on
Dark Sakura speaking of Sony. Why do why do we invite you on this show extrovert?
We know it's gonna go down the toilet
Because we need so every so often we need bleached asshole here tonight. I don't care. I don't care tonight
Rob is a mister PMS apathy. Let this be a bad show. It'll match my mood. I don't care. All right. Hey
Dark quality show save us save us and make this a quality show with a good story on Sony
Sony and Microsoft recently Oh
Okay, so basically we've got news about the ps3
Yay
Hooray ps3 my butt anyway. Does it work? That would be exciting news
Well, we will be hearing interesting things about the current dev kits, but that's coming up in a little bit
They're making a new online service called the PlayStation Network
that's
Supposed to take basically what Xbox Live is doing and take it another step
There will be an iTunes like store that you can download films and music
You can use the console as a location-free player.
So you can upload stuff from your PS3 onto your PSP and watch Blu-ray and DVD movies on your handheld.
Also, the PS3 will act as a digital video recorder.
You can save your television programs like you would with TiVo.
You also would be able to control the DVR function using your PSP.
As announced earlier you will it'll play blu-ray, but that's not gonna really affect the price all that much. It's supposed to
They said that the cell and RSX we're gonna be able to take care of most of it
So instead of paying the big prices you would for just a blu-ray machine
Instead you're just gonna pay pretty much top console price
Where you're looking at, of course that we haven't gotten an official word on what exactly that price is going to be
The other couple of things is that the dev kit was running faster than they predicted
and that there are a bunch of games in development that they're putting out publicly for now.
Also the PS3 should be getting regular firmware functionality updates like the PSP does.
You know, one thing nice I'll say about Microsoft for the 24 hours or so that my system worked,
I actually really liked how you could go online and download trailers because I have a high
high-def TV, so I downloaded the X-Men 3 trailer and the Mission Impossible 3 trailer and watched
on the TV, and I thought it was beautiful.
And there's no pixelation or anything, I thought it was great.
So hearing that Sony is developing something similar, especially when you consider that
Sony also has a major movie outlet and stuff with their iTunes-style store, that sounds
pretty exciting to me.
There's also another thing that was stated, which a few people I'm sure should find exciting.
Today, US developers have been told to prepare for a fall release.
So it should be sometime this year, which means that everywhere else in the world will
have to wait until, what, summer 2007, while Japan has been playing it for, you know, most
of the year.
Loki, do you have anything to add to this story about PlayStation 3?
Yeah, we'll be lucky to see it this year.
Really?
What makes you say that?
They don't have any of the dev kits out yet.
They're especially not the alpha kits or the beta kits, so it's gonna be a while before we see this thing
I'm gonna be guaranteeing that you're not gonna see anything playable at E3
So really you think so I think so and the only thing that I can say about it right now is
If you really want to you'd be still taking they're taking pre-orders on the ps3 games right now retailing around
$59.99 like all the other 360 games
games. People need to realize that just because it's a new console system does not mean that
they need to pay $60 per game for stuff. Just wait a couple weeks and it'll go used.
Any other comments on Playstation 3? You guys excited or you know, just...
I'm trying not to be excited. I'm containing my excitement.
I wish it would come out this year. I mean, the longer they wait, it's kind of... But
you know what? Here's what I've learned. If they'll release a system that works, it's
worth the wait. Here's the race, which will come out first. PlayStation 3 or Advent Children?
I don't know, I don't know. Alright, let's go to a completely different topic. Oh, look!
Look, I got a Microsoft story! I'm so excited! Actually, not really, because it's cross-platform,
so I'll be... I'm specifically addressing the PlayStation 2 and PC versions of Final
Fantasy XI tonight. And Final Fantasy XI recently had this big crackdown on guild sellers.
The other day, folks logged in and noticed if you did a scan of some of the very popular
regions where folks usually are doing their gill farming, such as Kuftal Tunnel, because
that's an area where you can camp Amamet, but there's this monster you can camp there
and the item that drops, you sell for millions.
That's how gill farmers essentially make their money is that they camp these things exclusively
and then drive up the prices of the items that they drop at the auction house, so that's
how they get all their gil.
And this has been a rampant problem in Final Fantasy XI, practically a couple months after
I started playing this was already an epidemic, so I'm kind of looking at this going, gee
I left the game a few months ago and now they're finally cracking down on this stuff?
You know, things that could have been done yesterday, I don't know if it's because of
the impending Microsoft roll out that they thought, oh maybe now's a good time to kind
of pay attention to what's going on here, or maybe with the expansion, or I don't know
what.
hear about it at their upcoming expo, but they finally banned all these guild sellers
and good riddance, they were screwing up the economy, it's about time, too little too late
in my opinion though, not enough to get me back to the game, sorry.
Still glad I quit.
In other Final Fantasy XI news though, and relating to the expo 360 version, the beta
will be ending in April-ish, right around the time that the new expansion is about to
So it's set to launch April 18th in North America April 20th in Japan and they're saying the beta will end
Probably about a week before that rolls out. I did hear before my birthday
I did hear rumor though that they would the beta players would be able to transfer their characters over
Well goodie for them. We're gonna be cool, but I'm not gonna buy it
I would have loved to participate in the beta, but I can't right now
You know want to know why want to know why I know why?
the other thing is the beta signups are over so
There's double reasons. You're double screwed.
Hooray. It doesn't matter, you didn't miss out on anything, you just
loaded up and you're like, wow, it's exactly like the other one on the PC and on the PlayStation 2.
I wanted to see it on my pretty high-screen, or high-screen, high-death
widescreen
TV. If you want. I mentioned I'm having a little bit of an off night tonight.
I can hook mine up, you know. I don't care anymore. No, I don't care anymore.
Alright.
Moving on, let's go to another story.
Let's talk about another MMO, and actually a follow-up to something we were talking about
last week.
What's going on in the World of Warcraft, Loki?
Well, a couple things.
First off, gay rights groups are calling Blizzard, saying you need to change your World of Warcraft
policies to basically be more clear on the different types of things.
you know the whole thing is they're saying that you know promoting a you
know gay or lesbian friendly guild as harassment is just retarded and you know
understand that the rules are in place you know for certain things but they're
kind of there the rules are too broad and so that you know they're using this
to basically use it as it's not intended so you know as I said last week if they
just had no warn this player under harassment I don't think it would have
been taken so offensively and I don't think this whole thing would have
mushroom clouded on him essentially is what happened but you know now that all
this has been brought to light you know we kind of already talked about it last
week you know I agree I think Blizzard needs to come out and say where they
stand on these things or I guess they kind of have come out and say where they
stand but they really need to clarify this because they are looking a little
hypocritical with the, you know, slash silly that we talked about last week and all that.
Basically the comment was Stonewall, a group founded in 1989, a professional lobbying group
campaigning for the rights of lesbians and gay men and bisexuals, their spokesperson
Jonathan Finney said, this attempt to create a safe and gay friendly environment should
be welcomed, not blocked.
And hopefully this is just a misunderstanding and would encourage Blizzard to review their
policies and make sure that it has an effect, or has an effect where it needs to be, so.
It's been over a week now, I don't know if Blizzard's ever really going to do anything
else on this, I think they're just going to kind of let this keep going.
I would have thought if Blizzard was going to say something we would have really heard
it by now, besides, you know, we did get a clarification on a message board, but it wasn't
good enough.
So, eh.
Extover, have a comment?
Extover have a comment. I
Was just gonna ask you Rob didn't you didn't you report people in the general chat?
No, I didn't and I I I was gonna do it and then I couldn't I couldn't really figure out it was too complicated
I know I shouldn't I should think I own well that I did I mean the thing is aside from that those that
These people are saying like all kinds of things like in the general chat or whatever that are just really inappropriate
appropriate. It's just blasphemous. It doesn't have any place in the game or whatever, and
yet you see these same people in general chat every day in World of Warcraft, and obviously
they're not getting banned or anything. They're not getting warnings. It's kind of hypocritical,
I think.
You know something I did find interesting, though, is I actually switched servers and
I tried playing on a roleplay server for a little bit this week because I hadn't really
been on a roleplay server yet, and so far I noticed the roleplay folks happen to be
more mature.
At least in my experience.
It might just be the particular servers I've been picking, but in general, the roleplay
server has been more mature overall, and you don't get that bullshit Chuck Norris talk
in the middle of town and stuff that isn't happening.
I don't know if it's because the server's new as well.
I tried out a new RP server, but I don't know.
But to be honest, the longer Blizzard goes without addressing this, I don't know how
much longer I really want to keep playing this game.
in mind that the in the district RP servers you are not allowed to be out of
character at all you can get get kicked basically if you if they catch you being
blatantly out of character without any sort of specific comment toward being
out of character and you know I I actually roleplay a mute character
because I don't ever talk to people that's that's my I roleplay a mute mute
character and I'm doing a very good job actually I play I play an undead and all
All I say is brains.
Brains!
Dork.
Alright, is there another follow-up regarding the whole concepts of sexuality in this MMO,
Loki?
There is.
In Blizzard, there is basically a chat log posted about between a player and a GM confirming
that two female characters could get reported for trying to marry each other.
pretty much blows the whole it doesn't belong in the game argument up there. Anyways, a
couple of the things they were talking about, the one player here was trying to point out
where is this actually in the documents here. And the whole issue of the thing is that other
players might not be mature enough and might take offense to this or start harassing other
players you know saying like this night elf is camping my ass or something like
that and so you know their excuse is basically well there's some players in
World of Warcraft that aren't mature enough for this game and so they might
you know start harassing people so therefore we can't you know give them
some it's basically no they're saying they're flame bait is yeah so clarify
this for you because this is something I didn't even realize last week when I
went off I didn't even realize this and I don't know how much longer I wanna
talk about this this week but but this is new news to me this is something
for the argument, you're saying that male and female characters can get married in the
game.
Apparently, I guess.
But I thought sexuality had no place in World of Warcraft.
Well, apparently it doesn't unless it's heterosexual.
Oh, I see.
So yet another hypocrisy on Blizzard's part.
Oh, okay.
Just wanted to clarify that, thank you.
Not to mention, though, that Blizzard isn't the only MMO out there that doesn't allow
gay marriage, Final Fantasy XI, and other ones as well.
But every Mithra on Final Fantasy XI is a gay man playing it anyway.
Just teasing.
Don't send the hate mail.
Just teasing.
I played one.
I know.
I know.
I'm teasing.
Aren't you a gay man?
Shut up!
Seriously though, I can let that slide in that case because A, Final Fantasy XI doesn't
give a crap about the GLBT guilds and all that stuff.
They let that stuff go on and that's fine.
they can kind of pass it off as, you know,
well, it doesn't really fit the time period of the game.
And I'm okay with that because they don't make an issue
of the guilds and the other stuff.
But now I have a problem with World of Warcraft
because they've made an issue of all this other stuff
saying sexuality has no place in the game yet.
They do allow the, you know, only the opposite sex marriage.
And like in Final Fantasy XI,
you don't know who's really a boy and who's really a girl,
so there's probably same gender weddings happening
the time but you know it's all role-play anyway so oh I've gone cross-eyed of
course you can't marry if you're a gay person in World of Warcraft but you can
register as a domestic partner and then that means did you get insurance and
yeah same yeah the same benefit you just can't call it marriage I look people I'm
going to chat room now let's see uh Ami Damaru flame says I sent a message to an
admin and I was told that's what ignore is for oh that's that's a lovely
response thanks thanks Blizzard another yet another inconsistency on Blizzard's
part let's see what was the other one here is another going Oh Rob way said
the rule should be no explicit sex talk within Wow gay straight or beyond I'd be
okay with that if it was consistent it's not so I know there's there just needs
to be consistency all right moving on new topic let's go over to Jamie
completely opposite different topic about as far away from this whole wow
debate as we can get what's going on I'm sure the entire world really gives a
crap about this but EA signed Tiger Woods for six more years oh so we can we
will continue to have the Tiger Woods golf games and which I don't really get
because you know it would be something if they would actually sort of make
changes in between the games but you know and this will probably make you
happy the Xbox 360 version was supposed to be like crap they didn't it has the
least amount of features to it but they have switched to like a whole analog
scheme for how they're having it play but still do we need more Tiger Woods
games can't he like retire like Madden did whatever you know as long as the
guy's popular games with his name attached to it are gonna sell he is
cute he's you know he sees he's a very respectable sports figure I'm not a big
sports fan I don't really follow any sports for everything from golf to
football notice how we're doing a show the day of the Super Bowl obviously I'm
not following football um but you know Tiger Woods strikes me it's one of the
more respectable type of yeah I would hit that he doesn't know he doesn't have
to worry about what the games are gonna net him because his golfing is still
gonna send money rolling in. Personally, I'd rather play, what was it, Happy Gilmore's
PGA Tour 2006. That'd be a better game. Moving on. I have another Nintendo Revolution story
and it's more of a teaser than anything else, a little bit of a rumor. That has to do with
Game Developers Conference because you know the Game Developers Conference is right around
the corner and Nintendo you know even though they say you know e3 is the time
when they're gonna really show the goods on what the revolution is about there
might be some teasers at the game developers conference because
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata will take time to talk about a couple new
revolution details now doubtful he's gonna actually show any games in
progress probably just gonna be little appetizers just little flavorings he'll
kind of kind of let you smell what's cooking in the kitchen but won't really
let you see what's going on there but nevertheless all the Nintendo fanboys in
the world are going like can't wait just salivating for more information on the
revolution so game developers conference is the the time when there will be some
more hints March 20th is the day of the game developers conference and of course
when the news is unwrapped we will bring it to you here on the show and might
possibly be salivating ourselves. We'll see.
Moving on, Loki, what's going on with the Xbox 360 besides them breaking?
Well, actually, they're working on fixing certain problems with systems glitching out.
They've actually had a firmware update or dashboard update to fix some of the guide
problems that they've been having, also increased the accuracy of the last time played thing
on there, which is kind of cool, I guess.
And then another great feature, disabling the kiosk disk from working anymore, so trying
to stomp out more homebrew.
We talked about that a couple of weeks on the show, how the kiosk disk, somebody figured
out how to copy it and play it on the Xbox 360 and they would say, oh, it's going to
be this new way to expose homebrew, well Microsoft just brought down the fist of justice on that,
didn't they?
Well, yes and no.
Yes, they have, but no they haven't because the actual files are on the hard drive, the
update, and you could in a sense go back and either edit the update or delete the update
and bring that all back.
It's not like a Sony firmware where you flash an actual chip and then you're screwed, you're
stuck with it.
Okay, interesting.
Alright, what's going on for the rest of the year?
What other things is Xbox 360 going to do this year besides, you know, break more
systems?
Well, they actually have a lot of games coming out. Do I sound bitter? I'm sorry, do I sound bitter?
Yeah, just a little bit. Just a little bit. Lots of games have been announced.
There was actually a huge list here posted on joystick.com. They had pretty
much the whole lineup, or at least what's been announced this year
for the rest of the year. And some really cool stuff.
One I'm looking forward to that's actually coming up here pretty soon
Far Cry Instincts Predator is going to be pretty neat
Though it kind of looks like a rehash of the
first one and then of course
some stuff we're going to be talking about later Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball 2
which would be kind of good and some other cool stuff Unreal Tournament 2007
probably coinciding with the PS3
launch game. A Newcastle Wolfenstein game
which is awesome and I'm hoping hopefully we'll get Quake Wars because
that one looks really sweet
Alone in the Dark, you know more inspiration for Rui Bull
and SSX4 pretty much just a you know
a whole slew of games, a lot of tie-ins with movies should be
a really good year though and that would be you know what forget it I'm just gonna
sound more bitter
stop being bitter I can't I can't help it that was a lot of money I spent
spent I actually I did have a a comment regarding you people I
I didn't know if we were it had been addressed about the
Metal Gear yeah we're we're a little bit it's coming up later
alright I'm let's go ahead and I go on to
the revolution we just we're just ping-pong in between all the next-gen
systems tonight that's alright though
are confusing me I know I'm sorry try not to go cross-eyed on cross-eyed earlier
I did that the other day.
See, you're bitter about that. So you've got that to be bitter about.
I'm not, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not bitter about it.
It's just I couldn't see for 30 minutes.
Okay, that was scary.
You couldn't see my Xbox 360 not working. That's right.
Someone had to email me about that at work.
Alright, move on. GameDaily.com posted this list called
called 10 obscure Super Nintendo games that we want to play on the revolution
and I don't really know how newsworthy this this is but it may dig and I
thought it's it's it's a good thing to discuss on the show a nice little topic
to kind of bounce around I don't know why people always want to make lists but
here it is another list we're gonna be doing a list actually later tonight so
maybe I shouldn't be bashing it too much here's their list of games they want to
see playable on the revolution in the little like emulation thing is of
course you know the revolution you're supposed to be able to play old games on
it Mario Paint Actraiser I thought Actraiser was a weird game to put on
here because I thought isn't revolution always supposed to do the first-party
games or do we know about I guess we really don't know if third-party I guess
it would be whichever one sign on right so we'll see I guess the possibility
earthbound good choice UN squadron moving on down the list Legend of the
Mystical Ninja also known as going on desert strike jungle strike urban strike
No, even though that's three separate games. They're looping that into one now. See I don't know cuz that's more
That's more of a Genesis thing. I attached those games to Genesis for me, but I don't know
Evo search for Eden
Uniracers
That was one of those like really it kind of I like Gina racers
It was strange but kind of fun Robo cop versus Terminator
Okay, that was retarded and then out of this world and flashback the quest for identity
I did not like out of this world at all. I was like hello 3do game
I don't know why that's on that list, but whatever and I also thought it was weird that they said obscure Super Nintendo games
I'm like earthbound wasn't that obscure
I mean sure they never really you know
They sat on a actually doing a sequel for a long long time and now it may not even come out here
But I don't know if it was obscure, but okay, whatever whatever. I'll look past that
Anything that's missing from this list you think Super Nintendo games that we ought to be able to play on the revolution
Besides the big ones, we all know Metroid, Zelda, besides the big ones, slightly obscure games at least.
Anything that you think is missing. I'll say one. Here's an obscure game I used to love.
I know for a fact this won't be playable in Revolution, though, because it was a Sony game.
Equinox, the sequel to Solstice. I loved that game. I'd love to see that, but that's obviously me living in a fantasy world.
Anybody else want to add anything?
What was the Equinox?
Did you ever play Solstice?
I'm having trouble remembering because I remember that.
It was a bit of a puzzle game. It was like 3D, isometric type thing.
And you kind of walked around.
It had square movement.
It was very tactics-y.
It had that edge to it.
A little bit. It was more action-oriented, but I can see it had the tactics look to it.
Certainly did.
I know this one's not obscure, but I would give my, like, left knee cap for, um, Star
Fox.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
Definitely a first-party title a lot of folks want to see.
Loki?
Nothing?
Um, you know, I didn't play that many Super Nintendo games, and it's really sad.
I liked Super, um, Mario RPG.
I think that'd be one that they would probably do.
Let's see...
Other than that, you know, it really wasn't too much.
I was a huge fan of Roadrunner's Death Valley Rally, which is like kind of like
a cheap version of Sonic the Hedgehog.
That was one of the first games I had, which is weird.
Freaking Dracula X. But the Super Nintendo port was
assy compared to the original. I think that they could have...
It would have been prohibitively expensive because you have this whole
other scenario with maria that they just didn't do maybe they could say okay now
that we have revolution technology here's dracula x the way it should have
been
and of course at all of us who have these three hundred dollar copies of
of uh... dracula x for pc engine are gonna find their copy north fifty bucks
uh... let's see what the chat room has to say over at orange lounge radio dot com
click on chat wonder dog harold says
zombies ate my neighbors
oh my god yes
i'd like to see a new version of their put on xbox lives arcade upgrade or
Smash TV. Super Smash TV. Fire Bulma said Smash TV. There you go. Reenie says Yoshi's
Island. Yes. There you go. Yoshi's Cookie. PK Akira 88, Yoshi Safari, where the Super
Scope won. Wasn't that the Super Scope one where you run around? It's all about the mole
game. Where you shot moles with the Super Scope. I don't remember that. It was just
the generic cartridge that came with it, but either it was like the games, like it was
I don't know. I was pretty ghetto. I had the Sega Menacer dude. Cool. The Menacer was cool because you could take it apart
Yeah, it sucked. I have I still have a minister really. All right
Toe jam and roll. Let's keep it moving. Let's go over that super Turrican. I love that game
So you're cheating you're looking I can't remember the name of it. Okay. Yes
I am brought up a big list to see we're Nintendo games. All right, I'm just messing with you. All right, let's
Let's go over and open up the mailbag cuz you know dark Sakura
She likes to open up your email and you guys send your emails to mailbag at orange laundry calm and she reads them
And then I have a good laugh. Yeah, she laughs at the you know, hate mail
She laughs at the hate mail and then read some of the good ones on air
I don't get before we start before we start get love mail before we start mail
But I see now they're gonna send you hate mail who said you don't know
Before we start mailbag tonight if I may on a personal note
Because I got some emails directly to my personal email address this week and you know last week on the show
I had a coming out of sorts because I never mentioned
You know the fact that I was gay until we talked about the World of Warcraft thing
Although folks have been listening to live show knew it for a long time. I actually thought it was in my bio
I didn't realize that folks have been listening to the podcast for so long didn't know it
So it kind of was a coming out of sorts and I just want to say I got some
Really amazing emails of support from people, you know from all across like it didn't matter if they were straight gay
You know, whatever. I just got some amazing emails that really just
Made me remember why I do this show for free
To simply put it and a lot of them were so long and personal
I'm not gonna read them on the air
But I just want to say thanks and you guys are awesome and we really do have the best listeners
We really don't we're not just saying that we really really do and I would just like to take a moment right here on my
Debut on Orange Lawns radios podcast. Yes that that I'm gonna come out
And so if you guys want to email me a bunch of amazing emails like to me to my email
Which is XT ofer at Orange Lawns radio.com. I will gladly
read them and
possibly comment on them yeah except there's a difference see i came out as gay you're coming
out as an asshole that's a bleached one i'm just messing with a bad bad joke yeah that old joke
i like men too where was the mail oh yes there's the mailbag let's let's move on to the mailbag
shall we um hi okay uh i actually i went over my limit because i got a bunch of emails this week
again. So, um, the first one I'm going to bring up is sent by Malice. I'm just going
to read this as a question actually put forth to us. I was wondering if you
people knew about this. I wish to know more about it before I purchase it.
Skipping forward, it seems to be a special edition of Grand Theft Auto San
Andreas with a 30-minute prologue CG or animation. It's apparently a budget title
as it is $20. I want to know what you guys think about it before I show out
the cash. I don't really think anything of Grand Theft Auto.
I defer to Loki because I don't really play these games either.
It's just the platinum hit or greatest hits or whatever version of Grand Theft Auto San
Andreas because they've sold millions and millions of copies, so it came out at a new
low low price of $19.95. And that's all it really is.
And of course every now and then the new trend now, especially with Devil May Cry 3 Special
edition save release you know a little added features as well on top of you
know dropping the price of the game so a little extra something for me I'm gonna
be honest even though I understand why the game gets a lot of critical praise
and all that stuff it's kind of one of those games that's fun for me for a
couple days and then I'm kind of tired of it you know it is a game that you can
literally play up play the mission you know pick up play the missions or just
fuck around and it's really cool it's really fun
Sandra is definitely the best one in the series so far so I mean 20 bucks for that game
You can play for hours and hours and I'll get bored of it
So I say I highly recommend the storylines really good in it too. So let's check out a main character named jizzy
No, it's CJ. Oh, I thought it was jizzy. No, it's I'm calling him jizzy. That's only in the hot coffee mod
Alright next email
Okay, this one comes from me. So sky
Um, it's titled Fantasy Star Universe vs. Final Fantasy XI, as in EKS, EYE, I thought
that was cute.
Um, hello, I love the new format that you guys are giving the show and I kinda want
you to debate on something if you can.
A couple months ago I got Final Fantasy XI for my PC, my father would allow me to play
as long as I got good grades, so there's my copy of Final Fantasy XI sitting in the corner
crying and gathering dust.
I also recently found out about the new Corsair job and I think it looks pretty.
I would buy and play the game just because of the sexy outfits before the course airdrop.
Now I have recently gotten back with my PSO community and they are getting ready for Phantasy
Star Universe.
This game too is also very sexy mainly because of all the new weapons and new character creator.
I would like to stick with one MMO but they seem so good.
I have $70 to waste and importing PSU from my station of playing too is looking very
good right now.
So what do you think?
It's tough because I haven't really played Phantasy Star Universe.
I played a little bit at the E3 demo kiosk, but I can only really go off my experience
with Phantasy Star Online and how it might be a little bit different.
Here's the thing.
Here's the biggest difference between the two games.
It's basically fundamentally how the attack systems work, is that in Phantasy Star you
hit a button to literally swing your sword, so it's more of an action-based MMO.
Whereas in Final Fantasy XI, you're auto-swinging your sword, and you're doing other things
with that such as you know your weapon skills or your magic or whatever it's
more of a quote-unquote traditional style RPG in MMO form it's a little hard
to explain it's not like other Final Fantasies at all because the battle
system is so much different although if you played the 12 demo it's kind of
similar the 12 demo um I think the question is how much action do you want
in your MMO do you want something that's more action based go with fantasy star
you want something that's more strategy based go with Final Fantasy 11 but
That's not to say Phantasy Star doesn't involve some strategy, and Final Fantasy 11 doesn't
involve some action, it's just that Phantasy Star is a little more action-heavy, and I
think if you want to decide between those two, that's where it's going to be.
Also here's the other thing to consider, Final Fantasy 11 is going to be cheaper because
the game's been out for a long time to get started on that on PC, it's only like 20 bucks
right now, whereas Phantasy Star Universe is going to be a little more expensive.
So there's the pros and cons, I can't really say which is better, because they're different.
They're different, and I haven't played enough of Universe to really judge it, but even if
If I'm putting Final Fantasy XI and Phantasy Star side by side, they're just too different.
I can't compare them.
I'd say go play World of Warcraft.
Stop.
No, seriously, if you want a cool actual good game, I mean play World of Warcraft.
Stay away from Final Fantasy XI because it'll just make you sad.
Well, at least don't be a white mage.
Was your experience...
Because you become the bitch of the party.
Yeah, but same thing with a priest and wow.
But did you have a bad experience with Final Fantasy XI Extover?
Well it just seemed like every single time, well I mean, let me just give the game just
a little bit of credit because I did actually enjoy playing it a lot but the thing is it
just got really tiring on having to try and find a party all the freaking time and also
when I was in a party it was just like drama.
It was just so much drama.
I'd rather deal with drama in a guild on World of Warcraft where I can just leave it and
say you know screw you guys I'm going home you know whatever but like on Final
Fantasy 11 I mean you're like black booked if you if you're like really bad
in a party without be intending to be people really remember that and they
don't want you in your party anymore hmm all right next people it kept wanting me
in their stupid party but I hated them I let the tank die on purpose because okay
I told you about the party I was in with the tank who was a jerk. I let him die.
There's jerks in every game though. The rest of the party thanked me. There's jerks in every game.
Next up comes from
Okay for a moment. I could not hear myself on the microphone. This one comes from Steve
Hi, Steve. I think I'm gonna start doing that with all the people that email us. I'm gonna say hi to him. So hi Steve!
Steve is
Actually, I'm going to say right now a very kind soul
for other reasons we might discuss later okay um but he was actually sending me
questions looking for information on Judy Crystal about other songs that she
did okay and I had sort of been into Judy Crystal for a little bit but not
like you know majorly majorly um but she basically Judy Crystal did God of
Romance in new DER here's a little clip of God of Romance just in case you're
not unfamiliar with Judy Crystal, which is actually a remake of Romantu no Kami-sama,
which I've played in pre-shows before.
Maybe I'll put it in next week's pre-show, but at any rate, she did Tokyo already, Baby
love me you can't hurry love and nori nori nori oh yeah but it mostly for
anyone looking for stuff you can go to eurobeatevolution.com they have some
info on various eurobeat artists track listings at energy Express calm I've
been trying to hunt down you remember JB way back oh yeah he's a big Judy
crystal fan oh that's right I'll try to hunt him down he's still I think I know
where to find him to ask me again offline I'll tell you where to find him
okay um but uh but yeah she's been on like a bajillion power power
compilations including a one of the big ones by the power power all-stars so
hope that answers it all right very cool um now we also have received an email
from BigBadRemi, who I had a very interesting email from at first.
I had actually intended on going back and making a public apology to the one who I said
I didn't think is being very professional over the whole Mac thing, being a graphic
artist, given that Mac is the standard for graphic artists, but there are people who
are very prone toward PC maybe had a bad experience with a Mac I'm not going to
even look at Loki right now just call it truce let's let's keep but for the sake
of for the sake of the show I am no longer joining the debate I am going to
buy my I'm actually getting a Mac for my birthday because I intend on being more
serious with my art and I'd see that as a natural progression for myself as an
artist good for you and I say that coffin not only needs to have the last
nail shoved into it whatever you're thinking Loki swallow it and it needs to
be set on fire I like your xbox laugh Loki's laughing at remember their
swallow remember I'm just saying I don't bring it up every week everyone else
brings it up they try to drag me back into this I don't really care you know
it sorry if it seemed offensive I don't aim to offend but that was how I felt
that it just sort of blindsided me because every professional graphic
artist I know and I know a lot of them I live in California every last one of
them uses a Mac so I was just really sort of blindsided by that one but that
was where I came from um in in defense a little bit tiny bit I don't want to go
too far that but I did used to work for a publishing company and we used both
we use both so there's some things you see does better something that might
does better just depends on how you use it I use both and I I don't have a
preference actually I like both I'm actually digging the tiger oh the Mac OS
tiger yeah so yeah you're by computer roll I am I you're totally fine freaking
by all right I'm try computer all right because I have some Linux love now all
alright whoo anyway anyway anyway anyway simultaneous loving baby this is kind of
I'm going to paraphrase because some of it seems a little bit more personal than
I comfortable going into um but uh one of our listeners James sent in an email
hi James you know what Rob I'm gonna show this to you okay you're going
from mr. stress I hate the Xbox to hi I'm trying to turn that angst into
something more useful as world anyway it's not useful go back to it angst is
hot except for when it's on read your email that is so hot basically it was
you know saying that things were fairly rough and then DDR was out the DDR
extreme and had absolutely addicted to it but was talking about how it was sort of alienating
to because when you know you know a lot of us went through that being when we played
DDR there was just an oh you played that game you know oh like the taunting of the other
people at the arcades you know and like oh the you know the fags playing DDR that he
was playing in a small crowd gathered around we all we know how the crowd goes
and then he met his best friend that way and has met many more friends through
the game and I was thinking a lot of us were like that you know Loki Dark
Sakura and I all met through DDR yeah I met my very best friend in the universe
through DDR you know it's opened all kinds of doors you know not just for me
personally for all of us it's open door we we started off as a DDR show that was
our thing we went to we were we even came up with the concept in the name on
the Bart going to San Francisco to play DDR the metreon if that's not nerdy
enough so I'm sorry for sort of picking a paraphrasing it I I didn't want to
give a written response to it until I had actually had a chance to read it on
the air but I have to say that good for you it's very good for you and you know
I love seeing how many people have had their lives better through DDR I know
people who have pulled themselves out of some serious health issues through
playing DDR just don't get caught up in drama drama revolution oh yeah like DDR
versus itg just ignore it and then no get past it yeah okay um i also got an email from uh danny
hi danny uh she um writes in and says thank you for the rick sanchos interview i'm seriously
considering a game tap subscription because i think it is the ideal service for a casual gamer
like me i'd rather much pay for four months worth of game tap service and try a variety of games and
and pay $60 for one game.
I have four kids who run through games like water and I can't buy them a new game every
week.
Also, the idea of a service that does the hard work for me is appealing.
Folding with an emulator is not my idea of gaming, neither is visiting sites for ROMs
and having to wade through all the ads with naked anime characters to get to a kid's game."
Agreed.
Did GameTamp plant that email?
No, I'm kidding.
That's great.
They'd be very happy to hear that, and I think that's what they're trying to do, so it's
great.
I also do think there are a few trusted emulation sites that I know of I'm not gonna go into them on the air right now
But you you really do if you're new into the emulation scene
You really do have to wade through piles of crap before you get to the good stuff, you know
So I actually think I think that that is a fabulous idea and on top of that
I think that a lot of the older games that we're seeing through game tap had a lot more
value to them. These were games where they could not focus on graphics. These were games
that had solid gameplay. A lot of the ones that are up on there. A lot of the classics.
I swear, I watch Rob play it all the time and I'm very impressed. If I had the money,
I would subscribe to it. But I mean, it's very well done.
really I'm actually thinking of doing it if it wasn't that I was in school right
now I would totally do it but I after the show I get to go home and paint some
more hey um two more all right one of them's from Sakarina hi Sakarina we
like Sakarina hello Sakarina and this has to do with the gate removal thing oh
and Animal Crossing yes right from what I've read on various gaming blogs the
removal of gates is caused by a glitch having something to do with pitfall seeds
I've read this couple places do and therefore anyone who falls into a pitfall
somewhere in town could trigger this glitch to remove the gate I thought that
that would be cleared up in case one of the people in our friend code thread
happened to have it happen to them and for the record we do have an open forum
on our website in our forum section for our Animal Crossing players to share
friend codes and when you'll have your gate open and blah blah blah okay last
one from Mike hi Mike Mike is awesome um he said you GM did a top 200 games on
their list for their 200th issue mm-hmm I actually I needed to grab that issue
of EGM because I sort of got it out of EGM but I every so often I pick him up
there was just to see what's going on but now these were their top 10 games
was number 10 was Pong 9 was Grand Theft Auto 3 8 was Legend of Zelda Ocarina of
Time he said it should be number one 7 was Space Invaders 6 was Super Mario 64
5 Legend of Zelda 4 Tetris 2 sorry 3 Street Fighter 2 2 Pac-Man 1 Super
Mario Brothers I saw that I actually read the magazine the other day that's a
pretty good list I'm pretty happy with that list as compared to most of these
top games of all time lists the only one I I'm not big on the Mario 64 as a lot
of people are I don't know why I love Mario 64 but I also have I wouldn't put
into my top 10 I have very fond memories of it I know I know a lot of other
people really into it's just not not my honorable mentions sure 12 Metal Gear
Solid 17 Halo 46 Resident Evil 4 74 Chrono Trigger that should be much
further up there yeah 92 Super Smash Brothers Melee 196 Guitar Hero which has
been played non-stop in my house all day 178 DDR 172 Katamari Damacy no
version of Puyo Puyo at all and that is a crying shame no Final Fantasy mentions
well I'm sure it's in the list it's gotta be somewhere but I'm kind of
surprised Final Fantasy 7 didn't crack the top 10 a little bit no Puyo Puyo and I
you have to have been paying attention to know that I am like this uber peel
peel fan yeah you know we had it as peel pop dr. robotics mean bean machine
Kirby's avalanche huh that breaks my heart but I'm closing the mailbag all
right pulling the strings mailbag orange laundry calm if you want to send us some
email and and we might read your email on the air if we feel like it one thing
that also seems like it's gonna happen whenever somebody feels like it is Duke
Duke Nukem Forever.
Loki, what the heck is going on with Duke Nukem Forever?
If you believe it or not, it's actually still being worked on.
Right now, they had an interview, I believe it was on 1UP, talking to a co-founder of
3D Realms, and basically in the interview, they brought up Duke Nukem Forever, and actually
it says that a lot of it's been finished, all the guns are finished, and most of the
creatures are finished, and it's basically they're putting together the pieces.
So they said it's possible, it's possible, you know, cross your fingers, you might see
Duke Nukem 3, or um, forever, coming out in 2006.
Possible, we'll see.
I'm looking at chat room feedback to the top 200 list right now, over at orange-not-a-trader.com,
click on chat.
Maniac 64 says Metroid Prime, Super Metroid. I think Super Metroid's the game I would have
had in the top 10 instead of Mario 64. Metroid Prime was in the top 200, though. Super Metroid
needs to be one of those emulated games. Super Metroid needs to be recognized as one of the
best video games of all time. It really is. It's an incredible game. I think it was in
the list, though, too. I also have very positive memories of Super Metroid because I would
lay on the couch and watch Dan play all the way through it, and that was together time
over video games.
Awww.
I love that game.
Shut up!
Any type of Metroid game is good for me.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Hi.
Hi Jamie!
I felt it was time to revive that.
It's been a standard since this episode.
Did I mention it's just one of those shows tonight?
We're just off tonight.
Anyway, here's a funny link I found this week.
It's on most of the major gaming sites, you'll find a link to this, but the full link is
redruth.greenbean.org slash tilde ben slash 4cr slash smb underscore super underscore
synth dot swf.
It's the Super Mario Brothers audio sound super synthesizer, and essentially what they've
done on this, and I'm playing with it right now, is they've taken all these sounds from
Mario Bros. and basically stripped them all out so that you can make your own remixes.
So I'm going to remix something right here on the air right now, so here we go.
Let's all do the Mario, oops I fucked up.
Let's all do the Mario, come on it's time to go, I've got a lot of coins, woo, Mario,
da da da, swing your hands from side to side.
See?
And I can do this in my room late at night when no one's watching.
That's the only place you should be doing that.
Yeah.
We'd rather not hear about anything else.
Right.
That subject's over.
Yeah, I won't be doing any more stories since hour.
Let's go over to Loki, who has something of a bit more serious nature.
Yes.
It's another game that's getting more flack from people, and this one is...
basically Gun. Yes, the Association for American Indian Development calls for the Gun Boycott.
And for those who are not in the know, Gun was this game that came out in November that's
basically kind of a wild west version of Grand Theft Auto. It had a story line about a guy
who was part Indian who was basically scalping people and what not. What's funny though is
they fail to mention that actually in the game the Native Americans are portrayed very
positively and also it's very accurate to the time period, the actions in the game.
But anyways, that doesn't stop them from wanting a boycott. Basically they said the slaughtering
of renegade Apaches, the atrocity of the Indian scalping and the misinformation of Indian
traditions of killing sacred white animals. The petition requests that Activision remove
all derogatory harmful and inaccurate depictions of American Indians from gun
and reissue the game not gonna happen because the game's like twenty nine
dollars right now
and if they could sell it cheaper they probably would. It wasn't a very good game.
Just so you know. Alright. On a completely different note,
you know when you work for a game company you have to sign what's called
an NDA, a non-disclosure agreement.
Dark Sakura, tell us about the dark side of NDA's. What happens when...
Are they drug out in the street and shot? What happens when people violate those NDAs?
Usually just fired.
But there was a
former employee of Sony Online Entertainment that was
he spoke out about criticizing the PlayStation 3 and was
fired. He was an artist, Josh Robinson.
Just to give a quote here, all I really did was write a few paragraphs that gave my
opinion
on publicly released information. I didn't reveal any tech info. I didn't
reveal
different shipping plans. I'm still in awe of the whole uproar over
what
amounts to no information. Basically posted in this blog that says our game just
keeps getting moved back and back and back
and where is the box? Where is the final system? When is it coming out? No one knows
and in the meantime people in the industry are starting to get just a little salty.
You could always tell where the PS3 dev box was because it's the room that had the f-bomb coming out of it half the day
But he basically got got sacked for it
Another quote here. I talked with the people on the technical side of the Xbox 360 the consistent comment
I am hearing from people on my end is the Xbox 360 is better. Oh
Snap they are saying that it is capable of just doing more
He also talked to at least two Sony employees who read the blog entry before it was posted
and showed it to a producer and he said, again another quote, we were all in agreement that
I was not breaking NDA with what I was saying.
They were just upset that he was bad-knouthing him.
Yeah, I think it's more one of those two.
Tried to find something to sack him with since he opened his mouth and was critical.
How dare he?
How dare he speak the minds of everybody about this subject?
And might I be the first to say the Xbox 360 can be more powerful than the PlayStation
3 all at once, but it's going to have to work first.
There's a little bit more.
Just another quote.
It says, it was something unfortunate to happen.
I sincerely hope Sony isn't damaged by it.
In fact, I cannot say enough nice things about the CEO and VP of the company.
Did I knowingly break NDA?
I absolutely did not.
I would never do that and would never want to hurt Sony online.
Did I dance in the gray area by even opening my mouth?
Yes I did and I was fired for it.
He did say however that he received four or five job offers immediately after leaving
Sony and got a book deal as a result of the article.
Loser.
What?
Loser.
Why?
Well first off he's contradicted himself in his own quotes.
He says we haven't seen a dev kit or anything like that and he also says that the Xbox 360
is capable of more.
How do you know it's capable of more if you haven't received the final kit yet?
He said that, from what I read, that his group hasn't received a dev kit.
They did say there was a dev kit because of all the cursing coming from the room it was
located in.
Yeah, but it's not a final system yet.
That doesn't mean anything.
They don't even have any working, you know, demos.
They're all just live renders and that's it.
So I think it's a bunch of crap.
I think someone's bitter because someone bad mouthed Sony and got fired for it.
Oh, book deal.
Good for you.
I don't think anyone's going to be buying that one.
Actually, I do believe it is a state law that as long as you do not break your NDA, you
are entitled to state whatever you want to as long as you are not using your company's
facilities to do it.
As long as you are posting this as yourself through your own private means.
That's actually in several HR handbooks for different companies I've worked for within
the state.
At the same time, if he's not a contracted worker, though, most companies have policies
that we can terminate your employment for any reason we feel like.
But saying that they were doing it over breaking NDA, I think that that's a bit extreme.
The last quote on here is, I guess the new rule for me is don't ever say anything about
anything.
Ever.
Ever.
Oops.
Too late.
When in doubt, keep your mouth shut.
Gee, you thought that wasn't a bad idea?
I mean, come on.
I know.
In retrospect, I think that it was a really bad idea for him to speak out about it because,
mean seriously he works for a company that he had his post pre-screened but
that's not gonna do anything I mean that would be like almost as dumb as saying I
didn't think yelling that I had a bomb in an airport was a bad thing come on I
checked with the airport this is okay I was just exercising my you know freedom
of speech all right let's move on speaking of freedom of speech not really
though extra for one reason we had to have you on the show tonight is because
you you watch American Idol an awful lot right I love you some American Idol I
don't but I still watch it it's like crack I don't know why did you catch the
video game somewhat video game or at least anime related reference on
American Idol this week I didn't get this there was this guy who auditioned
on American Idol check out what he did for his audition
What is up with Austin, man?
Yes, he sang the Jigglypuff song for his audition.
You remember the Jigglypuff, like from Pokemon, they'd sing the song and put everybody to
sleep and then you'd draw on your face with a marker?
What the hell was he thinking?
He just wanted to be on TV.
TV time.
Remember, in Super Smash Brothers Melee, the sleep attack is the most powerful attack in
the game.
It's true.
bitch anything though that was creative editing like maybe he like the producers
got him to do that and then like spliced in the reaction do that all I know him
on though they do that stuff that show so fake it is we're not everybody that
shows up at those locations get picked reject reject fault icons right Jamie
yes all of them and set them on fire all right unless they're crack in that case
watch American Idol and hate it every minute of it but still watch it Loki
take us to a new topic what's going on with Dragon Quest it's selling like hot
cakes the Dragon Quest series actually Dragon Quest 8 has crossed the four
million units mark of worldwide shipments and this figure also includes
430,000 shipped to US making it probably one of the best RPGs sold last year
anyways of course this means that the future of the Dragon Quest series in
America is very bright and of course they are planning on doing more sequels
as well as you do have the Dragon Quest Yargas coming out here pretty soon so
Sounds good! I could definitely use another RPG series. Sounds good.
You know Dragon Quest is a game that was really big in Japan of course like huge
huge series in Japan that's now catching on over here but that takes us into the
final story for this segment why is it the Japanese games do well over here but
American games don't do so hot over there I was reading a joystick with a Q
this week and they were talking about you know some talk on the internet about
this stuff saying basically that if you notice the top 100 best-selling games in
Japan for 2005 only one of them was made for America in comparison the u.s. market
has a much greater demand for Japanese titles.
The article goes on to say, the cause of this problem appears to be the result of a combination
of ignorance and apathy from American publishers towards the Japanese market.
Whereas Japanese publishers are willing to go the extra mile and carry out excellent
localizations, their American counterparts seem reluctant to even bother getting their
games translated to Japanese.
As a result, the Japanese market is flooded with a multitude of bad American titles mixed
in with the gains that the Japanese public should be buying.
Thoughts?
That's America's fault.
Thoughts?
That's been happening for years.
I mean, it's just been going on.
They're relying on, you know, if it's from the fact from a corporate standpoint that
they're saying business-wise there is this apathy and they are not taking any steps to
change it, well, of course, it's going to stay the same.
gonna have no incentive because based on numbers there hasn't been any past
precedent to try to tailor the games to the Japanese market if they're not
buying them anyway but I think that as typical with corporate America they
don't seem to realize the reason behind it all they see are their figures good
point okay anything you want to yeah we just have to you know look at the games
or the movies and stuff that are coming out over here.
I mean that's a perfect example of the difference between Japanese and
American stuff. You've got really crappy video game movies coming out, I mean, and
then look at
Japanese market, they have really kick-ass, you know, movies based on
anime series and games and whatnot.
But yeah, American movies do very well in Japan. Isn't Titanic their highest grossing
movie too?
Yeah, but the whole thing is though, let's look at some of these games that are coming out over here.
Okay, like
Forza Motorsport or something like that, a very American game.
didn't do so well over in Japan because it, you know,
or not Forza, what am I thinking of?
Project Ophthalm 3 did really well over here,
but not so well over there. Ridge Racer, you know, kicked ass over there because
Ridge Racer is just clearly a better game anyways. But now,
the whole thing is, I think people, it's like,
ooh, graphics, they're so amazing, the graphics are so amazing, yeah, but the
game sucks.
that's the problem is need we need to focus more on gameplay over here in
America
whereas you know right now we're focusing on who can you make the coolest
graphics and you know
sound stuff like that we just completely lose sight on
the game being good. There's been some good games to come out of here though some
excellent stuff World of Warcraft
uh Halo yeah those games are doing you know pretty well
Grand Theft Auto I don't think that does well over there does I have no idea
Well, no, probably not.
Interesting.
But they probably don't do much to localize it, really.
No.
It's kind of a tough title to localize, wouldn't it be?
All right, I'm sure those of you guys in the chat room
and who are listening to us on the podcast
have plenty of feedback.
We'd love to hear it.
Mailbag at orangehonestyrated.com
or we should be opening up the Skype line
in our next segment at some point.
And speaking of the next segment,
I think it's time to take ourselves a little break
and come back for the next segment.
So those of you guys listening live,
we'll be back in a few minutes.
Those of you guys listening on the podcast stream,
We'll be back in a couple of days with more of Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 173.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
