Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to the podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to listings with past episodes.
And now the conclusion of episode number 173 for February 5th, 2006.
And we're back here for the second half of Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 173 for this, February the 5th of 2006.
Hope you guys are doing well. We had a pretty fun first half, very long first half.
As you may or may not have heard, hopefully you guys have all went back and
downloaded part A of the show for those of you guys listening on the podcast, but
I was having a little bit of a printing drama. I wasn't able to print my boarding pass for my
flight tomorrow.
Loki finally got the damn thing to work and we printed my boarding pass during
the break. I'm very happy.
Even if I do have a crappy bee pass, damn you Southwest and your stupid system.
Even if I have a crappy bee pass, at least it works. So thank you, Loki.
Alright, no mic? There you go.
Sorry, Christopher, like, you're a little...
Yeah, you tangled me up in the chair. That's alright.
And of course, if you didn't hear part 8, also, I'm in a very angsty
Xbox 360 mood tonight, and I'm not going there again. You'll just have to download
part 8 to figure out why, but if I sound bitter, I have a good reason.
Alright, let's get back into it, though. Let's talk about something else
that makes a lot of people bitter,
And that's lack of Advent Children, because you know, we were supposed to have this movie out like months ago.
Dark Soccer, what did you do with it? Did you take it?
I had it, I had it months ago.
Yeah, but what did you do with the rest of our copies? Where's our English version of it? What did you do with it?
I ate it.
Oh.
Barf.
Barf it up so we can have it. No, really. No, really. Where is Advent Children for the USA?
Well, you know, we're supposed to be getting it sometime this year, according to the Digital
Bits, which is, basically what's been said about it is, this is a quote, it's taking
a little extra time to work with the director to get all of the supplemental elements finished,
which is why it's delayed.
You know, for as long as it's taking us to get it, I feel really awful for our friends
in the UK who are probably not even getting it until after we do.
Well, hell, most people that really want it bad enough have already downloaded it.
I can't... whoa. A little error on our end.
Not time for that yet. Um, I'm a little surprised here because I think most
people that really have wanted the movie bad enough have already gotten it through
illegal means. I'm surprised Sony sat on this for this long.
Well, remember, Squintix told us it was going to be out in May 2005.
um hi it's February
where's my Advent Children?
I don't get it. That's okay. Is this thing gonna still sell when it comes out?
They're gonna have to have a lot of extras. Yeah people are gonna buy it I know they will
however you know I
I'm very much in a wait and see mode over this
I have it I can watch it whenever I want so I'm trying not to
to be too pushy on it I held out. But I want to see the stuff on the discs
I've held out. I don't want to watch it on my computer for the first time. I want to watch it on a TV
a big big TV as big as possible for the first time. I don't want it pixelated or none of that. I want
beautiful
what? Mine's actually a full DVD rip
Damn you people. It looks pretty on my screen. I'm trying to be legit with this here
okay I want to support. I legitimately downloaded it. I want to support
Square and Sony here but I'm finding it harder and harder too as this thing keeps
getting delayed. Whatever the problem is, fix it!
Anything else anyone want to say?
If it's to my credit I can- I have removed it from my hard drive.
Loki, what- you had a release date on this at one point and now it's shot again.
Yeah, they keep pulling it.
Jeez. There was even a rumor going around saying that they're
redoing all the animations to match the English dubbing.
I guess that would be a good reason why it's taken so long.
Okay, that might be a decent reason, but still.
Nah, I don't think that's what the reason is.
But I think the UK was actually...
There was an article, I think, out this week about the UK,
and they're getting theirs in 2006 as well.
See, I'd imagine they don't have to do any, you know, sort of, you know,
localization for a UK release, so...
All right.
Yeah.
Let's move on and talk about something that's going on in Japanese arcades right now, but
not U.S. ones.
Loki, what's going on?
What's going on is Soulcalibur III.
The PlayStation 2 exclusive game is finally hitting the arcades where it needs to be.
They're going to actually have all the same characters from the home version, along with
some redesigned versions of three bonus characters from that version, Amy, Li Long, and Wang
Seong Seong Gyeong I believe that's how you pronounce that anyways um so it
should be pretty cool will I be able to take my custom dancer character and use
it in the arcades uh that I'm not sure okay um it says though when the player
finishes the game of Soulcalibur 3 arcade edition the screen will display a
barcode symbol and password this will be used to join an online mobile phone
based Soulcalibur 3 game called Mobile Conquest Mode. Basically by taking a
snapshot of the barcode symbol with the person's mobile phone and using the
password players can register their characters and challenge other players
throughout the country via Soulcalibur 3's mobile phone website. That's kind of
unique. That is unique. Never would have heard that. I mean I realize mobile phone
is way bigger in other countries than it is here but that's you know kind of neat.
I wish it would take off here, but whatever. Yeah, the game is slated for release in fall in Japan and
Should be coming out here. I'm sure at some point I
Would like to see Soulcalibur 3 in the arcades. I know everybody said Oh PlayStation 2 exclusive, but you know what exclusive windows up
Let's get that Soulcalibur 2 is a great great arcade game. I'd love to see 3 hit the arcades
Although I kind of think it should have been the arcades first
But whatever and they can come up with these kind of cool features
like it sounds like they're doing if they can carry some of that coolness
over to the US I won't have such an issue with this I don't know all right
now you know we were talking also in the first half because we had an email about
it you know we've started as a DDR centric station so of course music and
rhythm games we love them and Loki you have an article to hit the internet this
week about rhythm games right yes game spot ran the 10 spot the top 10 rhythm
games. Oh, another list. Yes, everybody loves lists. Lists are what they do when news gets
slow. Anyways. It's human interest. Yes, first on the list of course we had, or I should
say in the 10 spot here, Prop of the Rapper. Of course, now everybody loves that game.
Samba de Amigo, which is pretty good. Number 9, right? Yes. Is this in order or is this
just I think this is just 10 in no particular order this one actually was
on the DS osu! tatake! oiden! which was for a Nintendo DS was kind of a game we
never saw so I heard of this game though it a lot of people are importing it it's
it's different yeah Gatoro man definitely guitar man yeah
Vib ribbon I love that they're not they're not excluding import titles and
things that weren't released here because there were a lot of good stuff that weren't
released here.
Of course the original guitar favorite, Guitar Freaks, Bust a Groove, or Bust a Move, however
you want to call it, Frequency, then Guitar Hero, and you know, let's see here, of course
Dance Dance Revolution.
And they named Third Mix specifically, right?
Yeah.
I would say Third Mix was definitely a peak, had so many great licenses.
I remember way back in your old apartment of doom
I know the first time I ever got a little watching you play
DDR not DDR playing the Jungle Book game
my on the Jungle Book pad baby's first dancing game that was that was me I had
my little mini for midgets it was a DER pad for midgets for the Jungle Book
dancing game
that's okay Jamie Fixx I know I know so is that it was that 10
that was it where's Beatmania get guitar freaks off that list but Beatmania in there
instead I think no crap
I think we can all say that Guitar Hero kind of improved on Guitar Freaks, so there's no need for both of them on the list there.
Let's get rid of Guitar Freaks and put BeatMania in there instead. What's up with that?
I don't know.
Anything else missing? I don't know. I think otherwise it's a pretty solid list.
That's Space Channel 5.
Ooh! Good call! That should have been somewhere on there. I don't know about that. Ooh, good call.
Space Channel 5 is a great game.
Interesting. I would have said Amplitude over Frequency, but I'm at least glad, you know, there's a little bit of harmonics love in there.
karaoke revolution is not on the list
and there's too much loki says good
i don't like their game
whatever
uh... comments from the chat room here of course you know we got folks saying
uh... no beatmania
uh... pk akira eighty eight says no pump it up no in the groove
uh... reni says where's papa music
interesting
lots of interesting choices
that's that's the thing about list you guys is to so that they can leave
something off
just to ruffle your feathers about it
Did it work?
Did it work?
All right.
One thing that never ruffles any feathers, though, ever, ever, is Dark Sakura.
And Dark Sakura brings us her very non-controversial and very politically correct website of the
week every week.
Right Dark Sakura?
Of course I do.
All right.
So what website did you pick for the kids this week?
Well, I figured as there are certain important things regarding the site going on, I would
have to go with Kojima's blog. I love reading Kojima's blog. I think that he's
pretty interesting person and kind of cute. I just like the pictures up there
with his little foxhound thing on the side. Lots of interesting insight into
what he's got going on as well as opinions of certain other people which
Allie for somebody else to bring up, but it's really cool, and he also
apparently just
Has all kinds of things sneaking out in his blog along with changes didn't you notice a couple? I?
Mean I haven't really read it
But I will visit it now that it's hit your list
Well also though you can find the link to hit it to Kojima's podcast oh
The opinions rendered herein are those of the guests, and not necessarily those of Douglas
Goldstein, Profile Investment Services, Ltd., or Israel National News.
Readers should consult with a professional financial advisor before making any financial
decisions.
It's going to be handled by the international manager Ryan Payton.
Payton is going to summarize Kojima's podcast and bring on guests and give behind the scenes
information on the latest happenings of the company.
So it's not really like a word for word blog, but it's like the English spinoff, I guess
you could say.
So that's pretty cool.
So you want to give the address there for folks who want to look up that blog?
Absolutely.
And I'm going to give the link to the English blog.
It's www.blog.konami.jp slash GS slash Hideo blog underscore E.
Visit it, love it, because DarkSakura said so.
Exactly.
Alright, one thing that will not come up on the Hideo Kojima blog ever again, what's this
Loki?
It would be an ooey bull adaptation of Mill Your Cellot, and to which I will paraphrase
kajima when he says absolutely not over my dead body
fuck you ui bowl he did not say fuck you ui bowl you're gonna paraphrase all
right anyways basically there's no way they didn't contact them on it they
would never let him touch that property so he sucks that's all you need to know
about that but the ui bowl fun doesn't stop there does it Loki no and if it's
not a surprise Uwe Boll is nominated for Razzie for worst director thanks to
Alone in the Dark. So Razzies are like the opposite of the Oscars right? Exactly.
Because Alone in the Dark sucked ass as did other movies like Blood Rain which only
pulled in 2.4 million dollars over 30 days and and that's nothing for like if
I made 2 point what 2.4 did you say if I made 2.4 million dollars in 30 days that
would be a great thing because then I could you know fund my evil empire but
for a movie in Hollywood to make 2.4 million over 30 days and not be like an
arthouse movie type thing that's bad that's not saying much considering that
the production budget of the movie is 25 million dollars in the marketing costs
apparently reached about 22 million dollars putting it a good that movie I
think I maybe saw one billboard that was it like ever that puts it on the whole
quite a bit and so but hey if you still want to see more we will wonder full
movies and stuff there's in the name of the king two parts we will stop plugging
that nobody wants to see it just don't plug it epic movie three hours of crap
don't plug it coming out in November now you might notice we've had just a little
bit like a tiny bit not much but like a little bit of angst this week I don't
if it's just me maybe you've noticed it like you know especially Dark Sakura this
week no I'm just kidding it's it's totally me but Dark Sakura this is her
baby after all it's her segment and we intrude on it it's called the FUs of the
week and it's the part of the show where we're allowed to get a little mean right
Dark Sakura oh yes
My F.U. of the week goes toward my own body for betraying me in a most heinous fashion.
I went over to one of my co-workers house to help her and her son with their MP3 player
and I forgot about her dogs.
Now normally if I'm around a dog, I'll get smithy, I might itch a little bit.
Normally I take like a Benadryl before I go over there and I'm fine.
Oh my god, okay.
I'm there for all of 10 minutes and I start to feel the smithy and I start to feel my
eyes itch a little bit and I was like yeah it's allergies, I'm leaving in a few minutes.
Well within not even five minutes of that, suddenly my eyes were swollen shut.
They were bloodshot.
I burst two blood vessels in my left eye and my eyes had swollen so much they were pulling
the skin tight around my eyes.
Ew!
It was really disgusting and then they were all gumming up and it was all bloody.
And many podcast listeners just threw up in their mouths there with that.
Thank you.
Sorry.
I'm going into detail so that people will understand my level of
Rather well-contained rage right now. So and you know, I wasn't really you know
My friend kept apologizing. It's not her fault. You know, she didn't you know say let's give her the genes that make her look at your dogs
You know, I'm sort of allergic to my cat too, but I'm used to her
So she went and gave me some Benadryl in these like little sanitary allergy eye drops and it seriously took about
about 20 minutes before I could open my eyes.
And so I went to go pick up Tia.
And she got in the car.
I had my glasses off at that point.
And I turned and looked at her, and she was like, oh my god!
And started to get out of the car.
I was like, Tia, no!
I just have a zombie eye.
My eyes, I actually took a picture of it,
how it was after, get this.
Will you post on the website?
I will.
three doses of Benadryl
and all kinds of eye drops. I got those neat Japanese minty eye drops that make your
eyes feel all cold
and I slept with a cold compress on my face for two days. I went to the doctor yesterday
because it actually the bone around my left eye started to hurt
and so he gave me some lovely drugs and now most of the swelling is down but it's still there
I looked yesterday like I got punched in the eye
Dan proceeded to say, well that's what you get for not ducking.
My husband.
So yeah, fuck you to my jeans.
I blame mommy and daddy and all the drugs they did in the 70s.
Whoa, okay.
Loki, your turn.
My nephew this week goes to the restaurant chain known as Hooters.
Fuck you for your really crappy service and your really crappy food.
Um, I went there actually on Saturday to get some food and, you know, cause people wanted
to go to Hooters to check it out, you know, they had never been.
So we got there, and I give them my name, they write my name down as Ben.
I'm like, no, it's Matt.
They write down Max.
I'm like, that's close enough.
So we're waiting, we're waiting, we're waiting, finally we get, you know, seeded and stuff,
and it takes them a half an hour to take our order.
Then afterwards, we're waiting, waiting, waiting, takes an hour for us to get our food.
and they hadn't even delivered the wings we had ordered, which were going to be an appetizer.
On top of all that, just the people there were retarded. I mean, just completely retarded.
You're trying to talk to these people, and their Coke was really watered down, and their
burgers weren't that great, and the wings, you know what, even if they are world famous,
they sucked ass. So, fuck Hooters, I will never be going back there.
Marceph in the chat room says, who goes to Hooters for the food?
Well it's definitely enough for the intelligence.
Alright, let me give an FU real quick.
Welcome to Hooters!
Let me give an FU real quick, I think this shouldn't come as much surprise to anybody
who listened to part A, but FU to Microsoft for making 360's and getting me all excited
that I finally have a 360 and then making one that would crash on me after 24 hours.
That was very kind of you Microsoft.
I just want to add on Loki's hatred for Hooters, because it's not that great. Their food isn't that good.
And the girls are like, thank you for coming to Hooters! They have more brains in their boobs than they do in their head.
You can address those cards and letters to extfer at orangeonshredge.com
Yes, email me your amazing stories on how I meant something in your life
Alright
In this debut here on
Shut up
Orangeonshredge
Moving on
Dark Sacris, we can have something meaningful
Kingdom Hearts 2 is a very meaningful game to some of us
Oh yes
And we've been waiting to hear some news on the US version
But you got something for us?
Well yeah actually I've got a confirmed list of some of the voice actors in the
game. Very cool. So we have Haley Jill Azimut of course for Azasura. For
Aerith it's Mena Suvari from American Beauty. One I don't want to say because
it's very very spoilery. Should I spoil? Okay plug your ears real quick.
she's in it for like a very short time okay so close your eyes close your ears
one two three Tifa Oh Rachel Lee cook from antitrust okay open your ears again
like they heard that Riku David Gallagher 7-7 Kyrie Hayden pen
Pena tierre
Okay, rooks us. I'm Jesse McCartney
for Namin Brittany snow
Hades is James Woods, of course
Chicken little Zach Braff. Yay cloud Steve Burton and
I do not see anything about bringing back my man as my man
David Boreanaz as Squall?
As, yes. Leon, remember. Oh, sorry, Leon. Not bad.
On IMDB they had him listed. Yeah, by IMDB. I already realize.
IMDB, all they did was copy the same people who played whoever and whatever.
Oh, really? So, yeah, IMDB is a...
I will not say lying piece of crap, I will just say
inaccurate source. They are. I do agree.
But for the stuff that's already out, they're pretty reliable. And, uh, no, um...
Noah of Pirates of the Caribbean voice actors
unfortunately. Yeah, nothing listed there, and no Lance Bass.
Well, no, the recent scheduling conflicts to their new movie.
Yeah, although in an article that I
read they were taking great care to capture some very Keith Richards-like
motion for how he would walk.
Alright, all this talk on Kingdom Hearts,
I think we need to bring back a segment because, you know, we've been doing this new format
for a little while and part of the reason we went to the new format is so we could bring
segments from our live show we used to do and one of those segments is List List.
Alright, now I know our podcast listeners are hearing List List for the first time so
we're going to kind of set this up for you guys.
Those of you guys listening live tonight on Sunday night, you guys get to directly participate
in this.
Your votes will come up with a list.
As we've been talking about in the show, people love to make lists and we're no different
here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Once in a while we like to take a topic and we like to come up with the definitive list
through a very scientific process where we nominate things for your consideration and
then we take them away.
So here's how it's going to work.
There's four people participating in tonight's list.
List Xtaphir, Loki, Dark Soccer, and myself and we're going to give you our top three
and then we're going to go around.
So we'll have a list of 12 at that point, then we're going to go around and each person
takes one thing off the list oh snap so that leaves a list of eight which you
the chat room get to vote on and give us your definitive top three for the list
from that eight so I bet you're all dying to know tonight's topic and see
how this works here the topic for tonight is world I most want to see in
Kingdom Hearts 3 now here's the catch doesn't have to be related to Disney or
square we're living in a fantasy world right now okay we realize that it's got
to be Disney or square to realistically be in a Kingdom Hearts game but that's
okay we live in a fantasy world here at Orange
Lounge Radio so we're opening it up to any fandom any cartoon whatever you want
any type of Kingdom Hearts world you think ought to be in the game here's
your chance to name it and we're gonna come up with the Orange Lounge Radio
definitive list one other small little teensy-weensy change we're doing a list
list from the way we used to do it when the chat room votes you will be able to
pick not just one but now you can pick a number one and the number two so you can
actually pick two things from the topless age but you do have to tell me
what's your number one and what's your number two and if you don't specify I'll
assume the first thing you listed was your number one all right enough chatter
let's get to the list shall we let's start making our list here and Dark
Sakura why don't you start us off what's your number three pick for world you
would most like to see in Kingdom Hearts 3? Doom. Doom? Now would this be with, this would
be hell. Alright, we have Doom on the list. Any other reasons why you want to see Doom?
Just put the characters in hell? I just like to see really fucked up things. No kidding
lady. Alright, let's go over to Loki, you're number 3. I was actually picking more Disney
theme stuff. So Darkwing Duck. That would be cool. The Darkwing Duck level. Alright
I like that. Are you the terror that flaps in the night? My number 3 pick is uh, I didn't
have a better name for this so I'm calling it Secret of Mono World. You know it's another
great square game that ought to be given some love. So Secret of Mono World. Dare I ask
extra fur what's your number three pick I'm gonna be pretty predictable I'm
gonna choose Silent Hill world now see that would never happen in the actual
game but that's okay it's our fantasy we get whatever we want
Pyramid Head you know you got your Henry in the room great so now we're gonna
have like totally effed up Kingdom Hearts 2 and Silent Hill your special helper
character will be a magical girl Heather all right yeah I would I would love to
see Silent Hill World just to see a Sora take on Pyramid Head that'd be pretty
badass all right let's go to the number twos number twos Dark Sakura my number
two labyrinth with David Bowie and his member and oh yes because there were two
stars there were three stars in that movie Jennifer Connelly David Bowie and
David Bowie schlong and each of the the characters will be dressed up in tight
pants with giant packages. And your special helper will be the little dog on the other
dog. Or Bluto. So bad! Alright, let's keep it moving. Loki, your number two pick for
worlds you most want to see in Kingdom Hearts 3. Since all the answers have been quite ridiculous,
How about we do Hello Kitty World, Sanrio World, there we go, where it teams up with
Hello Kitty to take on, you know, the evil Bad Bats Maru and things.
They should fight Nazis, because I think that would be appropriate.
They should, that's a good concept there.
My number two pick, Chrono Trigger World, and you do the whole time traveling thing,
another great Square franchise, I think people would screen their panels as they could see.
I had a feeling someone else was going to mention that, which is why I didn't.
Alright, so there it is. Chrono Trigger World.
It would be like traveling to different universes and THEN traveling in time.
Alright. That would be complex.
Uh, Extifer, your number two pick.
Um, well, I-I think that I'm gonna go with Serenity World.
Because...
I can't- And there's this collective Joss Whedon fanboy, eeee, coming out. Yeah, I can't be- But you have Malzure.
Cat in Tight- Cat in Tight Pants is your partner. Yes.
And he's going to aid you and maybe have a hot sex scene too against the men with blue
hands.
All right.
Time for the number ones.
You ready for it?
Number one world.
So we're making the definitive list.
Once we've done this, this is done.
This is all sealed and done.
We're sending it to Square and saying this is what we want.
Don't listen to what anybody else says.
This is the top three right here.
Dark Sakura, your number one fantasy world for Kingdom Hearts 3.
Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time world.
any of that crap Waterworld crap from Dream Waker.
So Legend of Zelda World, again something that would never happen, the Nintendo thing
on the Sony, but it's our units to tell the world.
But if anyone though looks at my DeviantArt profile, I have done fanart for this.
That's hardcore.
Yes.
Hardcore nerd.
Alright.
Loki, your number one pick.
See this was tough.
I wanted to go more realistic and do like, you know, Treasure Planet or Rocketeer, speaking
to fight nazis, but since we are going ridiculous, DOA beach volleyball world.
DOA beach volleyball world. What exactly would you be fighting? You would be fighting clothing.
I just see it as doing nothing but playing volleyball there because when you go to the
undersea level in Kingdom Hearts 2 all you do is sing. You sing under the sea.
My number one pick is Microsoft World.
In Microsoft World, things glitch out.
Occasionally you have to fight the evil glitches and things that disappear and the world just
disappears suddenly on you and things go blank.
It's a real crazy level.
What was that one game on GameCube that totally messed with you?
Eternal Darkness?
Was that it?
Was it Bitterness World?
No, no.
Microsoft World actually is what this is.
Let's be glad that Tron World is not powered by Microsoft.
I just need to go that one step further in my Joss Whedon fandom and create Once More with Feeling World.
I thought you were just going to say Buffy World.
No, it was the musical episode of Buffy.
That was great, especially with the whole hot lesbian scene with Tara and Willow.
You can do so much with that world!
Labyrinth World, Hello Kitty or Sanrio World, Chrono Trigger World, Serenity World, Zelda
Ocarina of Time, DOA Beach Volleyball, Microsoft World, and Buffy the Musical World, once more
with Feeling World if you so choose.
Alright, so Dark Sakura, one of these has got to come off the list.
What's going off the list?
Move your hand out of my way.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Um, Microsoft World, sorry.
You evil little bitchling.
Why did you take off my...
did you take that one off because i don't want to play a reality game i want to play
like something for fun i i i'm okay with that answer all right loki what's coming off this
list um you know i'm i'm just gonna have to take off uh so tough um buffy the musical
world oh oh snap oh loki burn you know i could take off serenity world and really be me but
I think this one's mostly filler.
No, this one, I'm sorry guys, this one has to go DOA Beach Volleyball World.
I'm sorry, that's uh...
I like that one!
Sor was gonna become a man!
You took that away from him!
I'm sorry, it's done, it's done, what's done is done.
Now he'll never get in because he's never gonna find Kyrie.
Extra Pro, what's the last one coming off this list?
Um, I think I'm gonna go with Hello Kitty World.
Hello Kitty world that was a good one all right chat room it's your turn to
vote send a private message to sky in the chat room with your top two your
number one and your number two all right doom darkwing duck secret of mono world
Silent Hill world labyrinth world chrono trigger world serenity world and
Zelda Ocarina of Time world. Tell us what worlds would you most want to see in
Kingdom Hearts 3 assuming that you know Disney and Square only is out of the
picture, your fantasy world. Send those over private message and we'll reveal the
answers a little later in the show, the definitive list. In the meantime, more
news and we're going to go on over to Loki who's going to tell us what's going
on with the Sony PSP and we talked about some of this in the first half but you
had a little more like PSP also so what's going on? Yeah basically they
They're just boasting that their online service is going to be better than Microsoft.
So anyways, they said that this time it's very real.
Sony is dead serious about their online service and it's being designed to match the service
of Xbox Live and exceed it.
And they're going to be basically, as mentioned before, linking a lot of the PSP and PS3 stuff
together.
Yeah, promises, promises. That's what I have to say about that.
Isn't that a little bit too much too late? I mean, Xbox Live has already established
themselves as like the definitive...
Well, but you know what? If Sony puts out something better, there's no reason they can't
take the crown, especially if their system works.
That's not necessarily gonna be their big thing, though, because, I mean, you can have
beta, which is better than VHS.
Yeah, basically their plan of, you know, fuck it, we don't need a plan, didn't really work
out too well with the PS2, so, gonna have to try it again.
And, and, oddly enough, wasn't Beta by Sony?
Something to think about there.
Let's move on, let's go over to DarkSakura, who likes to keep tabs on what's going on
overseas, because we love our listeners throughout the world, not just those here in America,
I mean, we love the America one, we love the Canada ones, and all the other countries, but
the UK doesn't get enough love from a lot of gaming things out there because they
get games late and stuff, it sucks.
So, DarkSakura, what's going on in the UK? Well,
actually the first thing we have up is that Daedal's doing a new
Xbox 360 hard drive.
It's supposed to be two inches square,
weighing four ounces. The drive will be able to store thousands of songs and
over 5,000 images. The idea is you can transfer MP3s from your PC to your Xbox 360 or whack
all of your JPEGs and use your TV to watch them all.
It's basically a 4GB USB drive that's shaped like the power button on the 360. And close.
They are actually giving a speculated price of 99 pounds.
Dark Planets is already taking pre-orders for 74.99, that's in pounds.
Also though, they still have not yet confirmed the price point, they are still working with
the distributors, but an official price will be out along with the release date next week.
about 150 us about 150 us also excuse me there is a very interesting bit of news
about dead or alive 4 it has basically removed a need for speed most wanted
from the top position and has taken number one basically it's you know it's
It's a pretty game, but I don't know how it got to be number one.
It's hard. I mean...
From what I saw about it, because I saw very little of it, because you know, Rob's
Xbox broke. Again, I say that Rob's
Xbox broke. Thank you for the reminder. Appreciate it.
Also his Xbox broke. And so basically when I saw it though,
it did look really pretty, but I don't think I would ever play it.
you know whatever but it was pretty well they're saying though all across the
board on the top three titles in the charts are all on Xbox 360 also for
Xbox 360 exclusives have come into the top 20 for the first time since the
December 2005 launch we've got Call of Duty 2 we have project Gotham Racing 3
at number 7 there's also perfect dark zero that hopped up from 27 to be at
number 14 and Sega's condemned is also back in the top 40 so it's a coming in
actually number 18 they said but you know actually I thought condemned was a
really good game that should be higher up there but but honestly people are
liking what they're playing for those with working systems okay one other bit
news too, is that there are going to be no UK studio layoffs yet for EA even
though they are in development jobs. I heard about they were doing some layoffs
here in the US so probably has a lot of people over there on edge but not gonna
happen. That's what's looking like their UK studio is, I hope I say this right, is in
Chertsey. It looks like it's coming out without the job cuts that we're
all seeing over here in the U.S. The studio is supposed to be cutting off I
think 5% of their global workforce. There haven't really been any indications. One
of their spokespersons said that they cannot confirm that there's not any that
might come up. To go ahead and give the quote, every division is going through
evaluation. We're looking for, we're looking around the company to see how to
best align teams everywhere against what needs to happen for future growth.
which means we're giving you a non-committal answer, because we can. So far, about 350 people
were cut in the US, laid off from the Vancouver, Redwood Shores, and Tiburon jobs. The joys of
corporations. It happens, too bad. Well, I wish the UK employees a good bit of luck.
and then another bit actually a looks like February 17th Shadow of the
Colossus will be out in the UK it's a pretty neat game from what I understand
I haven't played it myself I didn't get too into it but it's kind of one of
those games try it out because it's it's kind of a polarizing game people either
really like it or they don't get it so you know certainly for those of you guys
who have been really wanting to check this game out you're gonna get a chance
so I good for opportunity I believe in choices so go for it
oh I'm you know I'm glad to see some of the releases finally filtering out
because there are some good games out there in fact speaking of releases
coming out February 2006 actually already out as of the third there's they
got alien hominid on the Gameboy Advance and I I needed to get that game I've
just been so busy but yeah good I'm coming out on the 10th breath of fire
3 for the PSP I love breath fire command and conquer the first decade also that's
on PC Dora the Explorer on GBA EA Sports Rugby 2006 full auto Xbox 360 Dora the
Explorer popular over there too I an early childhood I'm sorry I'm sorry if
she's popular there although it's a great Halloween costume I saw some Dora
Halloween's funny well they would only get Nickelodeon by satellite by sky
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, well.
Mario and Luigi Partners in Time, Mario Party 7, Space Invaders Evolution on the PSP, Star
Wars Empire at War on PC, Tales of Eternity on PSP, The Rub Rabbits on DS, what's that?
I have never heard it.
It must be something over there.
Dear UK listeners, please tell me what the Rub Rabbits are, thank you.
The Rub Rabbits would be the sequel to Fill The Magic.
Oh, I thought that had changed names.
I thought it was something really perverted. Where do babies come from?
Yeah, where do babies come from? You have bunnies! And last up,
totally spies for the Game Boy Advance. I,
however, am feeling very happy for our friends over there because on the 17th
they get guilty, Girisuka.
That game is cool.
Very, very cool. And Super Monkey Ball Touch and Go comes out on the 17th as
well.
Alright. But I will be going more into detail
When the time comes all right
Loki do you have some release dates for the u.s.. Of course I do
Coming this week. I will be getting arena football the
football series that no one really watches
Put out by EA, but it's a nice budget. Tell a 29 99
We've got for those horse fans. Let's ride silver buckle
stables
Crappy game for the let's not game. We're in Resident Evil deadly silence coming to the Nintendo DS
which would be good. Rob Rabbits also coming to Nintendo DS. Street Fighter Alpha 3 Max
coming to the PSP. I love those Street Fighter titles. Tales of Legendia coming to the PS2
which kind of combines a fighting game and RPG in the one, which is really neat. And
of course our favorite company Konami, World Soccer winning 11.9 coming to PS2, Xbox, and
PSP. Later on the month, of course, we've got Drakengard 2,
Grandia 3, Mark Echoes getting up,
State of Emergency 2, which will be fun. Also dropped down to $29.99, which is
pretty cool.
Fight Night Round 3, really big boxing game.
Tokka Race Driver 3, which will be cool.
Exit, Sonic Riders coming to the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube,
and then a bunch of other stuff as well.
Of course we'll cover those once we get closer to it.
Alright, lots and lots of stuff. We're starting to get back into it.
Summertime will be really big too. March is going to be a big month as far as stuff coming out.
Alright, stay tuned. Now you also have a little bit of a follow-up to something
DarkSakura talked about.
She was talking about DOA4's success over in the UK.
What's going on with DOA4? They're doing an update. There's going to be a patch
which is coming out in mid-February. What's going to be happening is they're going to be
kind of balancing some of the characters as well as fixing a bug with lots of save games.
And one of the rumors is going to be that they're changing the interface and adding
a new character.
One of the new characters that they're talking about here, well at least rumored, is going
to be a Taekwondo character.
Basically one of the things that they found out between kind of browsing some of the data
files on there, seeing a big section of characters missing, and just some other stuff.
So that would be something to look forward to coming mid-February.
Alright, sweet.
Something else that's going to be coming out soon, and this is according to Pacific Business
News, is that an online version of the classic puzzle game Tetris is going to be coming out
soon.
Now I'm kind of thinking, wait, don't we already have Tetranet?
I mean, why would you want to pay?
But here's the thing is that Tetris Online is going to allow people to do this game and
other casual games for just $3 a month.
So they're trying to put this at like a super low price point for folks to do this.
Still say though, you got Tetranet for free that's still out there, so it's going to have
to have some features to make this worthwhile, but I don't know if this is trying to ride
on the coattails of projected success for Tetris DS or what, but nevertheless this is
coming out soon.
Something that should be noted is that this is being funded by Henk Rogers, who sold his
interest in the Blue Lava wireless mobile phone company Jamdat in 2005.
That stock sale will net him another 108 million via Jamdat's upcoming sale to Electronic Arts.
His partner for Tetris Online will be former Nintendo of America president Minoru Arakawa.
So we'll see, good minds coming together, because the mobile phone Tetris is actually
pretty good for a mobile phone game, so promising things coming out of this, this may not be
your crappy Tetris knockoff, this could be pretty good, so we'll see, we shall see.
Actually I did need to make a statement on something, I did want to go and also correct
myself, I actually told you wrong regarding the subsistence, now I'm doing it, the subsistence!
We'll just call it Metal Gear 3 S. Subsistence.
That's alright.
Mistakes happen.
Moving on, Loki, you sometimes look at what's going on in the hacking and cracking world.
What's been hacked now?
First thing is the original Xbox DVD firmware has been hacked.
Why is that important?
Well with the hacked firmware, the Xbox doesn't realize a game is burned or is an original
copy.
pop anything in there without a mod chip and it will run.
So that's something that's coming out and what's important about that also is the firmware
on the original Xbox is very similar to the firmware that's in the new Xbox 360 and they're
thinking that maybe they can break it the same way.
So that's interesting.
Moving on to more of a portable stance here, we've got Rise of the Triad coming out on
the PSP as a homebrew program, Rise of the Triad for those who might not remember was
a really cool game kind of followed up Doom, kind of wacky and a little bit had the dog
mode in there as well.
So if you want to check that out, PSP updates has a download for you for that.
Also for the Nintendo DS Linux, they actually have added Wi-Fi support which is pretty cool
there.
So if you've got a modded DS, definitely check that one out.
Also the PSP has some more functionality added to it.
Now they have a homebrew program to use your PSP as a universal remote and can control
most of the TVs out there as well as there's another program made later that week which
will use your PSP as a remote for your PlayStation 2 which is also cool.
And finally, one last thing here, P6, the shell coming to the Playstation firmware 1.5
has been released and that's actually kind of a new GUI that they've added and a lot
more functionality is going to be going into that as well so look for more updates from
us and also you'll probably hear some more things on PSP updates as well.
And finally, they've had some rumors about new firmware updates coming, which are going
to allow email and GPS to be added to the PSP's list of enhancements.
So email and GPS possibly coming later on.
Alright.
Sounds exciting.
Busy week for those guys over in the hacking world.
Alright.
We're going to be opening up our Skype line very, very soon.
We're almost done with the show, but we need to get feedback from you guys.
We want to hear what you guys have to say on tonight's story.
To call us, go to www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on interact with us, or you can
pick up the phone and call us, 916-226-9067.
I should point out, we also have voicemail there, so even if you're listening to podcasts,
you can call that number and leave us voicemail any time throughout the week.
But please note, that's not an 800 number, that's a local number to our area, so you
probably will be assessed a toll for the call, so please ask mommy and daddy if you don't
own the phone line.
You own the phone line.
Hey, do what you want.
All right, but we're going to be taking Skypline calls very soon, but since there's a bit of
a delay, before we go to that, we want to go ahead and announce tonight's listless winners.
Votes are in.
Remember, this is the Kingdom Hearts 3 world we would most like to see, and of course we're
living in a fantasy world.
It doesn't have to be Square or Disney related.
It could be anything.
So here it is.
The votes are tallied, and this is the definitive list through this highly scientific process.
Number three world most want to see the Zelda Ocarina of Time world is the number three world they most want to see.
The number two world the kids most want to see is the Doom world. They want to see them go to hell.
And the number one world as voted by our chat room, this is something that could actually happen too.
Chrono Trigger world is the number one voted answer there.
there
We'll see if we have interviews or not next week.
It's all time-pending stuff.
All right, let's go to the Skype line and hear from you guys.
So again, it's 916-226-9067, or you can call us on Skype.
Its username, OrangeLoungeRadio, is who you want to call.
Let's go to the Skype line.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hello.
Hi, who's this?
This is Xander from Florida.
Xander, you call us too damn much.
I know.
All right, well, what's on your mind this week?
Nothing better to do on Sunday night.
That's all right.
What's up?
I'd like to point out real quick and you're saying that Chrono Trigger could actually appear on Kingdom Hearts 3
It can't I know
Hypothetically, you know, they could do one of those like loophole things or you talking about it's a rights issue the characters they could
But Nomura won't
Final Fantasy strictly like background cameo stuff and Kingdom Hearts. It will never be a world
Look, they can do whatever they want
It's just that they they refuse to do it because they're bastard people. That's what it is
We can but they won't well
In our fantasy world they should is there there's there's nothing wrong with that
All right, okay, what else is on your mind Xander one quick thing
Do you have any idea where I could give everyone I mean any idea?
Do they still push new copies of that around on some of the import sites?
I don't know. I haven't I ordered one so so long ago that I don't know if they still sell this anymore
This is a ps1 title. So I would say probably your best bet's gonna be something like eBay
Don't be afraid don't don't be afraid to find it. Don't be afraid to try like yahoo auctions, but the Japanese one
Might be a good place to try
And yeah, you're gonna pay more money to get shipped over here. But you know, if you really want the game
I did that
and other suggestions you guys are saying saying maybe I don't know
I think it's gonna be hard to find his ps1 but if you want to ps2 title that's
similar you can always try mojib ribbon
but I don't know it's it's a it's very on
it different language intensive yeah it is it is it's just a different game as
well so I don't know but
it's it's close it's the closest thing you're gonna get so
I well good luck to use and are finding that if you find a copy let us know so
we can tell our listeners where you found it
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
No, all right
All right, Xander. Thanks for calling in. Take care. You too. Bye. Let's go to another call here. Hello. You're on orange launch radio
Hello. Hi, who's this?
Hello
It's general sigh I got the name there, but you're breaking up just a little bit, but go ahead and get your questions out
What's what's on your mind?
First and foremost, uh, I'm kinda angry at my computer, let me get...
Yeah we're kinda angry at your computer right now too because it keeps cutting you out,
we can't hear you buddy, um, I'm sorry buddy, I'm gonna have to let you go, you're just
gonna not there, sorry.
I think somebody should call in and say, and do the, how do you check the children?
We're gonna do one more call here. I don't know. It's it's all the net traffic's tied up because of the stupid Bowl. Um
Let's try going to another call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio
Obviously, you already know who this is. It could this be the legend of Zaku. Well, you're on the mark set aside ten minutes
What's what's on your mind Zaku?
Since I started that, you know, I started you know a weekend habit of just playing 2dx really drunk
I kind of need the kind of need suggestions of
liquors that would go great with that how old are you young man I'm 21 21 for
about over a month all right just wanted to make sure you're of age because we
can't encourage yeah if you're under toilet liquors that go good with playing
2dx yes Guinness I I do enjoy Guinness vodka hard liquors like you know
anything 40% take a shot of 151 and drop it in a glass of Guinness it's called an
Irish car bomb it's great but anyways also besides that why I mean I'm
surprised that they charge money for cell phone games even though as a person
who happens to make them for for a senior project in order to get out of
college I find it appalling and people charge what you know that companies
charged monthly for a damn game oh yeah I the monthly fees is a little bit now
I'm like okay well obviously you can charge money for a game because you know
That's how that's what funds these people's page. Yeah, but I mean, but I mean I thought I thought most games were just like
You know two three dollars and that was it but then they have the goal to charge you monthly
Yeah, the repeat things a little lame for the cell phones, especially when they're bad games
I know I know like companies like sprint that they charge like, you know
A certain amount of money for like a certain amount of time and then you have to keep paying it again
Don't buy them on the right scripting model. Don't support that crap
I don't if I see a game that they want to charge a monthly fee. I say screw it
I'm not gonna buy it. Yeah, they you know, they said certain certain phone, you know, certain phone phone providers and game
You know contract and contact
Content distributors do that sort of thing trying to milk money out of you know, people like myself who own nice and
Who nice cell phones when it when enough when enough people don't buy the game?
They'll get the message that that type of distribution system isn't working and people don't want to pay monthly ease for subpar cell phone games
Exactly. Where's my game? I probably might go open source
See, well, that's that's up to the programmer. All right anything else on your mind Zaku. Well, hopefully
We have a lot hasn't been touched up on supernova yet
But you know since location testing already happened and the next one is gonna be in in Illinois
I know, but what I'm hearing is that it's being delayed from boomers all the way to
the next location test because from what I hear right now is that they're trying to
fix the bugs that were found in the first location test.
Okay, good, good, sure, fix bugs, fine by me, I mean that's the idea of the location
test.
That's only what I'm hearing from other places.
It's a little bit of rumor at this point, we'll see, I'm sure the game will be fine
when it comes out, we'll see. Yeah, hopefully, hopefully. Alright, Zaku, time's up, I'm letting
you go, have a good one. Alright, bye. Alright, that was the Skype line, boys and girls. That's
all for you, the listener. That's how you do the Skype line. That's how we do it here
at Orange Lounge Radio. Alright, we're getting towards the end of the program here, but not
until we bring you one last story. Couple more stories. Oh yes, Loki, why don't you
start us off then, since you must have found some late additions here. I did. Everybody
loves making fun of Jack Thompson, but remember his modest game proposal?
Just when I thought we could go one week without that name.
Hey, I'm not talking about Jack Thompson, I'm talking about his modest game proposal.
And someone else finished one of their games for the modest game proposal.
It's called I'm Okay, a murder simulator.
And you can check it out actually at, unfortunately the website that was hosting it went down
so they have it mirrored here.
It's 67.15.42.30 slash I'm OK and you can check it out there.
It's a 12 meg download.
It has nice Super Nintendo looking graphics and you basically murder and murder and murder
and murder and lots of murdering and it's great.
So definitely check that out.
And finally for those people who are fans of Burnout, they're doing a promo now with
with the retail kiosk that you can find out there for the Xbox 360, where you can bring
your memory card to the location and download an exclusive Burnout Revenge card that's actually
going to be Xbox 360 themed, as well as a dashboard theme and gamer pic.
So check that out.
Just wanted to say, I got a quick tip here from a chatter, thank you Mike.
He says that japanvideogames.com has Vibribin.
So Xander, go take a look there, and hopefully you can get it.
And just to say, I've ordered through them?
Yeah, they're good.
I've bought Beatmania through them.
I've bought my Drummania through them.
Their prices usually tend to be very comparable.
Oh, no free advertising.
I'm not.
I'm just saying, as I don't want to misguide any of our listeners, and we have gone through
a number of importers among us, I would buy right at all costs.
They suck!
suck I know if we've they owe me $70 or you could fly to the country and buy it
there and take me with you I don't know if that's an option all right let's let's
get on to our last story tonight right Loki last story
Loki no more stories look I have no more all right good so dark Sakura this is a
good note to finish up on tonight what what's coming our way pretty soon well
this has to do with our good friend Itadaki of Team Ninja. Basically there was an interview
with Famitsu Xbox 360 regarding the Dead or Alive franchise where they spoke with Itadaki
about the delays. He did actually make an apology for the last minute postponements
that were going on over it.
Also though, there was a mention about DOA Extreme Beach Volleyball 2, since we had the
other one mentioned on the show.
But before I get into that, I am going to make a mention that there were plans to release
new outfits for the DOA 4 characters via the Xbox Live Marketplace, however, due to budget
and staff issues they had to put that on hold that's where the bikinis went but
there is still interest in doing it but they may have to do that for a charge
interesting hmm also now as I was bringing up do a extreme beach volleyball
to Team Ninja is working on the opening and ending scenes for the game currently
implementing some changes to the original design, and there is not a release date being
mentioned.
He said it will be an action game, but that it won't necessarily...
They're also working on an action game that's not really gonna be in the Ninja Gaiden franchise,
but...
I'm sorry, I choked up for a moment, it said it will either be project progressive, thinking
about ninja guide and got y'all declined, no I'm still my allergies, but project progressive
dead or alive code cronus or another title, he said the key word is interactivity, anything
that team ninja does, I have to say, team ninja in my esteem is up there with treasure,
pretty pretty game so put especially that do a forum on my xbox 360 you know
when it worked when it worked and on that note I think it's time to wrap up
tonight's program but we have to go around and get everybody's final
thought extra for thank you so much for being on the show tonight and you know
giving us your giving us your 50 cents or so thank you for having me final
thought Wow Loki your final thought yay I don't
I don't have anything my final thought is that stupid shipping box is going to get here tomorrow when I'm out of town
Grr, and I'll be here to collect
Dark soccer your final thought reject all cyclones think for yourself
like Britney Spears does
From us here from us here at orange lounge radio to you guys have a great week
And we'll see you next time here on orange lounge radio
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next week!
