Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to the podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
And now the conclusion of episode 174 from February 12th, 2006.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. It is February 12th, 2006 and this is part B, the second half of episode number 174.
Thank you guys so much for joining us and
Incentive for you guys to listen live on Sunday nights if you can those you guys out there
I mean we podcast for a reason we know not everybody can listen live some nights, but Sunday nights when we do do this live
We play music during the breaks when we do this show and tonight
We played some pieces in that break from some classic Super Nintendo and Genesis titles
We played a song from Secret of Mana
in there one of the songs from the beginning of the game and then we played the emerald hill zone song from Sonic the hedgehog 2
too and the reason why I'm bringing this up we can't play this stuff on the
podcast because of copyright stuffs but I brought it up because it inspired some
comments here in our chat room www.orangelanterino.com click on chat
vxjasonxv who also happens to be our lovely webmaster he listens to he
says a lot of games just don't have memorable music like this anymore
catchy but not memorable agree disagree I I can't I don't worry I there is the
It's a rare standout hit, granted, but you know, one Katamari doesn't make up for a lot of, you know, very memorable Super Nintendo games they had back then, you know?
Genesis.
There was also Space Channel 5.
True.
Then again, the game was pretty much all music, wasn't it?
True. True.
But I mean, I understand what he's saying, is that with a lot of current titles, you either have licensed music, too.
You play a game like Burnout, everything you're hearing is licensed, same stuff you hear on the radio.
Or, you know, it's not like the same it used to be.
I don't know I I kind of see where he's coming from I kind of agree on that so the same care
Isn't being put into it. Yeah, I think that when you have limiting
limiting circumstances
When you do something
when you do something that
Excels, you know under those limiting circumstances
People are going to recognize they're gonna see the effort that went into it
Nowadays, you can make something that sounds really good with minimal effort.
True, so maybe it's harder to stand out above the pack in that case?
I really think so.
Well anyway, just a little side topic, I just thought that was interesting.
I love when our chat room inspires conversation here.
See, we're an interactive show, truly interactive.
www.orangewalk.com, click on chat if you want to interact with us.
We'll open up the Skype line a little later in the show, hopefully we have some time,
and of course there's always ye olde mailbag.
Anyway, we were talking about game music. Now, one game that had at least a great
intro song, if not a really good soundtrack, all together was Halo 2.
But sometimes the other soundtrack that you're hearing when you play on Xbox
Live ain't so great, right, Loki?
Exactly. There was a profanity study done this week
for Halo 2, and I love the way that they intro this.
What exactly is a profanity study? It's studying the frequency of profanity in
Halo 2
during online games. Anyways, I love the way they intro this. It's basically, when you
log into Xbox Live, more often than not, you're greeted by a 14 year old that learned a new
word on the playground that day. It's great. Anyways, this study, here's what they've basically
come up with over the course of 33.9 hours. Anyways, the number one word, of course, that
word of course that appeared would have been fuck with 43% of the time with an
average of 8 and 8.11 uses per hour that's it total per the 33.9 hours would
have been 275 uses of the word fuck fucking or the rocker etc ok the number
Number 2 being shit or you know something to that extent.
Of course some of the other colorful language that was in there, 9% of them were racial
slurs, 7% of them were sexual slurs including you know, I wanna fuck your mom, that type
of stuff.
Wait a minute, does I wanna fuck your mom count as the usage of the word fuck or a sexual
usage of the word?
Well basically uh sexual it says sexual phrases which were not homosexual fuck was not included
in this unless it was directed at a person i.e. your mom so how how many times did frack
appear that's what i want to know i don't know that's how they do it on tv seven percent
of them were homosexual references in other words you're gay you suck you homo um number
damn appear three percent of the time, bitch seven percent of the time, and ass five percent
of the time, you know, being asshole and assbag, asshat, et cetera. And they actually...
I know why you wanted to do this story tonight. You just wanted an excuse to say assbag and
sound professional. Hey, assbag? Come on, what the hell was that?
a dirty job at something. Overall in the course of the, like I said, the period of the study,
shit was used 121 times, followed by, you know, ass at 35 times, and then of course,
you know, racial slurs, etc. But it's very interesting that they actually broke it all
down three at a time. So, yes, you know, game experiences may differ during online play.
That I guess does make sense now.
I prefer Oh Poopy.
Well thank you very much Loki for earning this episode an explicit tag!
Good job!
Woooo!
Cause, you know, I'm gonna pwn you, you fucking noob.
Now wait, wait, remind me, okay, before you say all these words again, what was the point
of this study?
Again, just basically the point- Scat's Whores or what?
Like just, I was curious how many times people really do say fuck.
Is basically it was that the rating they're trying to kind of I
Guess bring this to light, you know, all these stupid people are on Xbox Live and stuff and kind of that
You know, maybe that they should
This isn't exactly a plea, you know for the government to crack down or tighten and control and gaming industry. It's just basically
Information that parents can educate themselves with that. This is how much you know
fucking language they're going to hear during the course of Halo 2.
Interesting. Which is why Halo 2 is the number one Xbox Live game.
How much more do they hear in their house? I don't know.
I like this. Tweek in our chat room says, Asshat is my Xbox's name.
Well good for you buddy.
Dan's Halo team was called Badass Ninjas
but it was AZZ. Interesting. Oh let's see here.
alright I don't know alright anyway
fine great study hooray hooray alright let's go to a more serious halo 2
related article shall we
Jamie for the love of God please save us
try not to use ass bag in your story well
about ass 2 on PC
stop it okay halo 2 on PC according to xbox.com
xbox
The Xbox game, uh, Halo 2 is being put on PC, but there's a hitch on that one, that it's not for Windows XP, but for Windows Vista.
So, uh, you'll be able to do playing on that one, uh, well, next month, I suppose.
In other words, uh, buy Windows Vista, please. Here's an excuse to upgrade to Windows Vista.
So you can freakin' play Halo 2, which really would be better if you had an Xbox anyway.
Being half the computers right now anyways, can't run Windows Vista's default theme.
Sad. SAD!
Microsoft is not learning anything!
You know where our chat room is going with this now?
I'm back on the swearing thing, but this is, you know, this is a good indication by our chat room here.
They're bringing up, have you guys ever seen that video on the internet of the kid?
And I don't know if it was staged or not. People say it's legit, but whatever.
Some kid is playing on Xbox live and he left his voice chat on or whatever and you can hear him yelling at his mom
And people are quoting it in our chat room right now
Let's see
It looks like SSJ 100 Matt and fire bomb are going back a little a little bit back and forth and chair over there mom
I want my fucking chocolate milk. You promised me you bitch
I'm gonna climb the hatch you said I could get whatever I wanted and I said chocolate milk
But now I want Mountain Dew have you ever heard that? Oh my gosh. It's so
sad I don't know how else to describe it. I've heard children talking to their
parents this way though. That's crazy. Anyway, I just had to bring that because it made me think of that and those
guys are on it too. Anyway, let's talk about something pure and wholesome and
good in the world like Oprah. Okay, maybe that's a controversial subject and you're
probably wondering what in the hell does Oprah have to do with gaming? Is she gonna
have video games on her show no not yet but who knows because Nintendo has their
sights on Oprah this was Reggie Phil's aim speaking at DICE he said that
Nintendo is considering using new marketing outlets such as Oprah and
Ellen he said a quote blue ocean of opportunity through new types of
gameplay end quote so obviously Nintendo's trying to attract a whole new
set of gamers here and I think we've kind of seen this in the early releases
for the revolution I seem to remember them saying well this controller looks
like a TV remote everybody's used the TV remote so we're trying to expand to a
whole new base of gamers you can see that Nintendo is being very aggressive
with this stuff also he went on to point out that Nintendogs was a great success
brain training in Japan sold 2.5 million by the way brain age train your brain in
minutes a day is coming out here on April 17th I'm very interested to check
this out so very interesting there on how Nintendo's being aggressive there
with their marketing they don't they feel I guess not enough moms are playing
you know the Nintendo systems I suppose not all right that'd be great mom why
pony noobs on you know smash brothers revolution all right Jamie what do you
have for us next um did you have the games like porn I don't know what games
you play but I know you said you and Dan kind of have some fond memories over
games but I hope this isn't the kind of me screaming at him for being a okay
every time that we played like Street Fighter and he wins uh-huh he has to
talk shit, you know like
You suck. Well, I'm like, I'm not gonna play with you again then
I'd be you know, if it were me, I'd be all push. I am putting out tonight. I'd be like
Bitch, you watch out. I'll use cami. All right. He hates when he's cami by the way, huh?
Cuz I I own him every time. Okay. No, I did not know. I'm sorry. Let me take your bait. No, Jamie
I didn't know the games are like porn. What do you mean?
Well, there's been a
a bit of a talk going around about how games are being marketed but there's been this obsession
going around with basically making them all cinematic that game pitches are being done
like you know like it's like this movie or it's like this movie and then you know they've
got to go out and use a different media to market the games you know you sit and watch
you'd be watching a movie trailer at the theater and you get a game thing up
there like I'm not watching movie I'm watching a video game ad you know
there's actually a a quote out here by a as his last name pronounced J for Joff
David Joff who was the creator of God of War mm-hmm but he's basically putting
down the video game industry to imitate Hollywood movies and not offer you know
the decent wages that you find amongst the Hollywood industry because the games
are being marketed just the same way so are they saying they're not saying games
are like porn take that literally but they're saying games is like how porn is
viewed in the entertainment industry is that what I mean okay interesting good I
was kind of wondering if this is going back to the resin trans vibrator thing
again no I have a story on that coming up later awesome but I love this quote
here was referring to the tie-in with Peter Jackson's King Kong and this is a
quote a lot of reviews praise King Kong's lack of HUD but what what's wrong
with an HUD what's wrong with a health bar that raises good to the player when
he replenishes it and why are we applauding the in the press for been
abandoning the native language of video games there's also another quote here
I'm about the obsession with cinema and he admitted I am guilty of that as well because God of War was inspired by Raiders of
The Lost Ark
however
he explained he wanted the game to give players the experience of watching Indiana Jones as a ten-year-old rather than being Indiana Jones themselves and
Now this is where the porn industry thing ties in another quote
It's like the porn industry sort of I read about this guy who had this topless review that he's trying to add art to and
It's bombing maybe games fall into that slot some days
I think games can be something else the next great entertainment media and then days
I feel like it's just like porn or motion rides where there's no capability to reach high emotional levels
Wow
That's a very interesting quote
And I have to sit on I don't have an immediate reaction
I don't have to sit on that sit on that one and think about it for a little bit there games
So that's how games are like porn is that when you try to be artsy with porn people don't buy into it
hmm
You know, he also said you have to wonder what would happen if we had more people with creative sensibilities
If more games had a soul had something to say something that resonates
He also was a resentful over the fact that people that create games receive
You know pretty meager wages compared to how Hollywood directors and screenplays receive
He said I'm really frustrated with the way the industry is structured. There is a sense of kind of being exploited
It's an industry problem, but he has of course no intention to leave the industry
He said if Sony came to me and told me we're making God of War 2 I might have to decline
He said before admitting I can stand up here and say I I won't do it until they kick me out. I'm not going anywhere
Huh, but you know, but I you know my whole thing with that is you know, like I'd said earlier not only is it that
We're seeing the same type of standard in video games. That's expected, you know, if movies were seeing them marketed the same way to
You know
Right up along there with your feature flick. You've got the game to go with it
You have other games being marketed in the same genre. Why aren't they getting the same type of of?
You know pay that anyone in the cinematic industry would receive
Interesting I don't I don't have an easy answer for that right now. It gives us something to think about though
I'm curious what the chat room thinks about that
Orange loves radio.com click on chat. Maybe we'll get some Skype calls about that later. I don't know
Thank you for that story. That was a good one
Alright let's move on and talk about Sony. In part 8 tonight we talked a lot about the
DS and Xbox and stuff but we didn't
talk a whole lot about Sony so Loki save the day here give us some Sony news.
Okay basically one of the first things we have is
could the PlayStation 3 kill Sony because if you think about it this thing is taking
forever to come out
so you kinda have to look at it a little bit. One of the things that's being brought up
is you know the approach where they're taking it this is an
all media platform type thing it's like you can play videos on it you can
you know look at your pictures browse the internet yeah but what about the
games the games it's a gaming system game should be first
you know let's not focus on it being a blu-ray player but
you know seriously the other thing is it slices it dices what is the cost of this
console going to be I mean
they're saying oh it might be you know four hundred dollars could be five
hundred dollars I mean
people don't have that kind of money to drop on these console systems like that
Plus, you know, with Blu-ray coming out and stuff, not many people
feel the need that they need Blu-ray because you're not going to see a big
difference unless you own a high-def TV and only 24 percent of the market out there
owns a high-def TV, so who cares?
I think that number's going to increase though, certainly, throughout the next few years.
Oh yeah, it will, but I agree. Sony needs to drop the price hint already, so people stop
theorizing about this, and Game Developers Conference would be a good time to do that hint-hint,
but we all know we're gonna be waiting until E3 to see the real meat of this.
The other thing is, and I think this is probably gonna change right now,
that we haven't really seen much in games right now, nothing's really been finished,
and just right now I think the whole point is everyone's starting, you know, to kinda,
you know, think all doom and gloom about the PS3 because they don't know anything yet.
So, you know, they figured that the lack of information is a bad sign that the system
isn't going to be ready or it's going to be launched too high they're not going
to launch the system for like seven hundred dollars because that'd be
ridiculous and the fact that it's also supposed to be like you know a DVR as
well is it though people are paying that on eBay for Xbox 360 so we're is that a
crazy price point it is a crazy price point I think so too but I'm just saying
they're people will pay it yeah people pay if that's you know over retail
whether you be charging for these if there's a shortage Oh $2,000 there you
go but I don't know I think that they need to come out with some information
that's for sure sooner the better well is it possible there might be any shows
coming up where we could see some of this information there is actually at
the TGS show not the Tokyo game show but the Taipei game show 2006 Sony will be
showcasing their next-gen console featuring numerous booths 80 booths
actually, um, covering all the games, um, they're gonna be coming out, and, uh, 20 of
them exclusively for the PS3, so.
I don't, I think, I think it's just gonna be recycled stuff.
I really don't, yeah, I, you would, why would they announce something new at this show?
Except, no, the new thing added is going to be the, uh, Boomerang competition using the
controller.
Boomerang controller has been redesigned, actually, so, there was an article put out
by, um, I believe that there was some gaming group that got to, um, test out the PS3 and
three of the games that have been made so far on the dev console obviously and the controller
being used does not look like a boomerang so interesting okay they're basing it more
around the dualshock type of thing good because dualshock were if it ain't broke why fix it
well it could be an ergonomic dualshock obviously the boomerang of death is probably not gonna
be the controller all right and even if it was the boomerang of death that was the controller
third-party people are gonna make a dualshock looking one anyway so you can always buy that
about prices Sephiroth1215 in our chat. Remember back when PS1 was like $500?
People paid that when that first came out.
It would be insanely stupid for the PS3 to be $700.
It's murder for their system right there.
Alright.
Okay, we'll go ahead and move on here, get into another story.
Actually, it kind of relates to the PlayStation 3. It's just a real brief thing I have here.
Activision has revealed that they will be releasing
three titles at launch for the Sony console and of course one game for the
revolution as well.
As far as what games those are, well that we don't know.
For whatever reason those are being kept well under wraps. I would say
everybody's holding on to it so they can now blow their load at E3.
I think E3 is going to be an avalanche of information.
You know if it's not that
it's gonna be murder for the publicity of the systems
I mean there's so much hype around this year's E3 with these two systems
Revolution and PS3 that both companies better be prepared to
lay it all out on the table I think yeah so
this is interesting because the article on this site or that this ran on here
gamersreports.com where we found this says you can guarantee that one of these
games will be Tony Hawk something
and certainly that would make sense. A new Tony Hawk game on
PS3 at launch. Successful series, why not?
Good theory. Alrighty, what else
might the PS3 bring us, Loki? Hopefully lots of violent games.
I know Grand Theft Auto IV is going to be for the PS3, but
one of the things that we've been actually seeing, there was a
British, or yesterday,
actually at the British Embassy in Tokyo, there was a seminar on British gaming
and
demonstrated how the powerful graphics of the PS3
can display lots of violence.
Oh yes, from headshots to
body shots, they had basically
this developer, they were kinda showing off
how, you know, realistic the physics can be in this.
One of the things that they showed was, you know, the meat of being stripped off the bones
as a bullet penetrates a body, and just, you know, the ripping off of flesh.
Ew!
Awesome!
That's great.
But, I mean, honestly, this is a duh for me, because as graphics get better, so will the
detail of violence.
And you know what else is gonna get better?
The tits and ass will be more realistic as well.
duh sorry but you know they need to come out of the game tits and ass headshot
that's the selling the tits and ass headshot game hell yeah coming to ps3
exclusively maybe that will be do a beach volleyball too on a 360 we'll see
moving on I know that if the ps3 does usher in a lot of violent games you know
who's gonna love this you know who's gonna love that me well not just you but
our old buddy Jackie poo Jackie poo as I think that's is that our new name for
him that's our new name form is Jackie poo all right what's up with Jackie poo
this week other than being an anally retentive asshole um oh did I say that
on air the views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge radio do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff but are of the individuals themselves nice
disclaimer. You're welcome. I applaud you. I came up with that laptop in my head, based on what I'd seen in movies. Good.
Alright. Jackie P. Robano. Robano? Yeah. Why? What does he have to do with games? You do know we're a video game show, right? Because he's one of
Elevation's key investors. Elevation Partners. Oh. Because they're trying to obtain Take Two. Oh, okay. So Jack Thompson hates Take Two. Bono wants to buy
somebody who's got a do okay okay so what do you say in the letter do we know
dear Bono the letter begins I write you as a fellow brother in Jesus Christ
appreciative of your bold witness to the transforming truth of the gospel in both
your words and your deeds I write to encourage you respectfully and in the
spirit of brotherly love not to purchase take to interactive software incorporated
all right my brain is burning it's because you're going to hell that's okay
We all got our spot. I think you should have ro bono went, you know in the name of love
Don't forget it
You know what the the whole terminology there. I I admit
That it's I think that it's just a very
Poorly masked attempt to as
I obviously
Well, besides the get publicity thing, to try to use religion as a front for his own
personal agenda, which I find horribly insulting.
Yeah.
And if you're a religious person, you should probably find this insulting too, I think.
Well, he's also said in the letter that Take Two is lied to the investment community in
its latest SEC filing and wards that ongoing criminal investigations have put the publisher's
very survival at risk despite the fraudulent assertations in the recent
SEC filing that they are all without merit you know first of all if he had
done any actual research into this he would realize that he doesn't have
grounds to stand on it's it's documented with the Department of Justice there is
not an epidemic the only reason there's an there's anyone's thinking there's an
epidemic is because of people like him in other words Jackie boo shut up sit
down shut up you know he needs to just you know cry me a river build a bridge
and get over it all right and Loki did you want to look into did he ever get
our flowers I mean I know they weren't our flowers but we helped and our name
was on the little signature of the letter yes it was the host orange lounge
radio do you ever get those day ever get those flowers yes he didn't forward him
on to the offices of what was it rock star and I believe the attorneys
representing rock stars I'll bet he never even looked at him yeah even take
a minute to smell the flowers they were pretty did he well that's good they were
pretty that's good and he basically called it harassment you know this is
this harassment of me I'll follow stick to and blank Rome's lead in
in characterizing me in the media and in an Alabama's courthouse as variously a bisexual
pedophile, mentally ill, paranoid, and so forth.
Yeah, because I believe that's what the letter said at all.
Anyways, what a dumbass.
How is sending flowers harassment?
Ordering pizza to somebody else, that's harassment.
That's not what happened here.
point of this thing was to do something that was non-harassing because there are
a lot of people that have chosen to respond immaturely to Jack Thompson and
this was supposed to be the ante of that so he completely missed the point and
actually I think that the heart of the point was to still get the point across
right that we're really sick of him he basically here it is here it is my like
My mom always said and I'm sure you guys and Europe brings her this a lot to kill him with kindness
Exactly. Maybe we should send him a puppy. He said right. He said that the flowers were sent
to harass him and
He sent them, you know to them to basically they're forwarded in a memory of the innocence that each of you three men
help kill is
Jack Thompson put
And, uh, so it's forwarded in the memory of these victims, um, who, whose killers have
yet, I wanna know how many people he thinks have actually been killed by Grand Theft Auto
and how many of these people actually, you know, cause if there's like three people he's
talking about here, and how many millions of people have played this game, I would say
that's a pretty small number, I mean, that obviously would, you know, cause if everybody
was you know learning to kill from these games wouldn't there be millions and
millions of killers out there all right if I can't send him a puppy Ross makes a
good point but I can't send my puppy because the moment the puppy tried to
bite him he'd have the puppy locked up and then put to death poor puppy I knows
we don't send him any puppies I'm sorry no I really don't want to talk about
Jackie all right fine I really do I'm actually seriously thinking about and
compiling the statistical data myself and writing him a letter sweet because
you know when I write a letter to anybody I put statistical data to back up every damn
thing I say.
Well I'm curious now with this whole you know activism thing what what's next for the flowers
for Jack's Jack folks I mean you know they they created a huge thing here well they've
been arguing back and forth with Jack Thompson over email looks like it says get over your
Jack Thompson obsession this is not about me it's about rock stars sale of murder simulators
to children.
We should encourage the parents to do their job.
I hope to god that the next Grand Theft Auto game that comes out is Grand Theft Auto Murder
Simulator for Children.
Alright, what's the website?
Didn't the Flowerster Jack folks get so big they had to make their own new website?
I believe it's pixelantination.com.
And of course pixelanti was a term that Jackiepoo coined.
So cute.
Alright, so keep tabs on that and we'll be keeping an eye on it too to see what they
do next.
We like not to talk about him each week, you know, I know it's news. All right
You know gosh talking about that stuff always gets me in a foul mood
Doesn't it get you in a bad mood too? Grr
so
You know what that means.
My FU of the Week time, Dr. Sakura.
My FU of the Week goes to San Francisco traffic for sucking out the soul that was sitting within me happily after leaving the Kintetsu Mall.
Yesterday I went with my friend Becky to the Rosicrucian Museum in San Jose to go look at the Egyptian exhibit.
And then we went on to San Francisco to go shopping and look for Japanesey stuff.
And after we were done with the shopping, we decided we were going to go find somewhere to eat and I got lost.
Well, I didn't really get lost. The streets there make no sense because you'd be going down the road and all of a sudden,
all of a sudden oh we're gonna split off here and not make any type of real sense in how we go.
So I finally got turned around and got back up and made my way back to mission which I knew would
lead me to Van Ness and we were going up Van Ness going you know what let's see the Hard Rock Cafe
because as far as she remembered it was on Van Ness. It wasn't! So we're like oh crap we don't
don't see it anywhere so we so we headed back to go to to the Fisherman's Wharf
we were gonna try to eat a bubblegum so there's a two and a half hour wait yeah
I know and then we found the Hard Rock Cafe had been moved there so we're like
great so after us saying out of spite we were not gonna eat the Hard Rock Cafe we
ate here anyway it was really yummy and to also make a little follow-up to a
previous F.U. I am in good health today, shut up!
I know what you're talking about. Yes.
Alright. Alright, moving on. Uh
Loki. I got nothing, I'm not really, there's not been
anything actually. What if I threw a book at your head? What if I give you something to be pissed off about?
Okay. Somebody step on Loki's foot.
Fine, you'll stay. You need to get more creative next time.
I didn't want to make anything stupid-sounding, like you usually do.
Yes, exactly.
My F.U.
Oh, yes?
The Ferret has an F.U.
Oh, sure, what's that?
I don't even know if the mics are picking that up anymore.
We'll see.
Moving on.
My F.U. the week goes to the fact that I'm not going to be here for two weeks.
That kind of stinks.
You know, it's for my day job, and I like my day job and all, and getting out of town
once in a while on the company dollars is cool and all, and I get to go teach, which
is what I love to do.
But it still sucks because, you know, I have to put other stuff I like to do, such as this, on hold.
So, that bites.
So, an F-you to that frustration feeling that comes with that.
Grr.
And an F-you to the fact that I probably won't really get to play games while I'm out there.
I'm gonna fall behind on this game, I'll be able to read websites and stuff, but...
My laptop that I'm taking is not that hot, unless I convince Xtuber to let me borrow his.
Um, and, uh, you know, I won't get to play World of Warcraft, I won't get to play Xbox, or PlayStation, or any of that stuff.
I mean I could always rent the Jamie's Cradling her laptop. No, I know I know you won't give up the precious but um, I
Could always rent Nintendo 64 games in the hotel room the last hotel I stayed at
You know that last Hilton I stayed at had that you should take your and your PSC
I'm I I'll probably take the DS. Yeah, I probably will. You know, I I originally can chat with us on animal crossing
Yeah
really good games coming out for the SNL.
But anyway, I'll probably do that stuff.
Jackie P's Stalker on CS.
They do have free Wi-Fi, so maybe I'll actually get back into Animal Crossing.
Anyway, let's get back to the show. I feel better now that I've vented.
I paid off my last loan, by the way. Not my very last loan, but I've got my second room now.
My second downstairs room.
Yep, me too.
Eight hundred and forty-five thousand bells!
That's a lot of fish.
Oh no, I've been using fruit.
Alright.
Fruit.
I have 100,000.
And selling furniture.
Bells and fruit.
Alright.
Let's talk about, we've talked a lot about DS, let's talk about the PSP now.
Matt, you have a lot of stuff in regards to the PSP, right?
Yeah, there's lots of stuff going on with the PSP.
Wonderful franchises making their way over in homebrew stuff and, yeah, yeah.
Anyways, first of course, Tekken is coming to the PSP, so that'd be great, except we
don't know if it's going to be a new Tekken fighting game, which it probably will be,
something crappy like death by degrees you know so anyways I'm looking forward
to that another thing if you missed out on nintendogs you might get your
chance with the dog happy life it's actually a nintendog like game and you
can you know customize your dog's room and so on and so forth teach it stuff so
that'd be pretty cool and actually no it'd be interesting I'm not sure if they
have this, but since they do have the mic, which you can use for the PSP, maybe you can
actually train your dog via voice, voice recognition or something, that would be pretty cool.
No word on that, but one can speculate.
So that would be pretty cool.
And that's scheduled to be released in Japan on the 27th of April, so check that out.
And of course, if you are in the free stuff, there's a nice little transport tycoon clone
out there called OpenTTD and it's actually available for download on PSP updates, it
looks pretty sweet so, you know, pretty cool if you're looking for some free stuff.
The other thing, if you're looking for another free game, you might remember this back in
the days of shareware, Jazz the Jackrabbit's made its way onto the PSP.
Jazz Jackrabbit!
That's so cool!
yes sonic ripoff sonic ripoff with guns
see so actually you can think of maybe saying shadow the hedgehog ripped off
of jazz jackrabbit
at I'm so that's another thing that's available right now
as well for the PSP so pretty cool also available on a PC updates
I'm so I'm by the way those you guys with PSP's
you should be visiting OLR PSP dot com that sites pretty cool
Loki, you're gonna do something nice for the folks at OLRPSP.com.
You need to give them some updates, some new wallpaper or something.
We need to do something for the folks there.
I've been working on stuff.
Alright.
I mean, unfortunately, you know, time constraints.
We just did a photoshoot.
We need folks to be able to put our ugly faces on their PSPs.
No.
No.
No?
No.
They can have pictures of you and Loki, but not me.
Why?
I'm mysterious.
They have the album art already.
Somebody could probably alter that.
You look cute in the pictures.
I do not.
Don't, don't stop.
You-
Guys, send... I look cute all the time. Fanbo... there you go, there you go.
I was like, Fanboy, send Dark Soccer SME an email saying you want PSP wallpaper.
I do not need validation. You... I'm married.
Alright. My husband says I'm hot all the time. Yes, but you need to get used to this
whole, you know, internet thing. Alright, well, whatever. You know, I've been reading
one of Margaret Cho's books, and reading about
what it's like to be a celebrity when you don't expect yourself to be one.
Right. I'm like, oh my god, that sort of happens to me sometimes.
please understand we're not talk we know we we're grounded here we realize we're
not like super celebrities but there is still a teensy bit of recognition that
comes with us a teensy bit I don't expect to say oh I've listened to you
like I found I don't even remember who was I was talking to I was just um on a
message board somewhere and so this oh is that you yeah and actually two of my
friends from college found me through our website Wow see that's crazy I don't
like, what the hell? Hey, it's great though, we love it, we love it.
But do remember guys, A, this isn't our day job, B,
you know, we do this because we love games and talk about them. I joke all the time
about being an internet celebrity but
it's sort of true. But you're grounded with that, you don't really
think. You don't have delusions of grandeur. I go to work,
I go to school, and I go to the gym.
You know, I play my video games and I come talk about it and it just happens to be
be that people all over the world listen to me.
No big thing.
No big whoop, no big whoop, all right.
Five, five, five, four, four, four, four.
Moving on, I got a story on something
we love to play a lot of, and that's sexy games.
Sexy games, one up.
Oh, don't gurry, you're gonna squee at some of this.
This is some good stuff here, all right.
OneUp.com ran an article this week,
and it's actually kind of a spinoff of something
they ran in original PlayStation Magazine.
The Secret History of Video Game Sex.
And they hit on some of the high points
of sex in gaming in history.
And so they have this cute little timeline.
It's available on 1UP.com that starts off
with Custer's Revenge in 1982,
of course being one of the most memorable porno games
on Atari 2600.
And not only porno, but you know, racist and violent,
like all wrapped into one.
I mean, this is your X-rated game if there ever was one.
There will never be anything like it again,
for damn sure. Was Custer's Revenge even really sold anywhere? Maybe 10 copies were made and
one of them got on the internet and now it's this big cult phenomenon? We'll see. River
City Ransom they put in their list because it had the first pixelated butt because remember
when they went to the sauna? You can see the little butt. To its defense, River City Ransom
was actually a Japanese game called Hot-Blooded Downtown Story
where you went, instead of going to the little shops, they actually said,
you know, did all the really cute stuff, and you did go to a bathhouse.
Yeah, but it's more, you know, it's a cultural thing in that case where it's, you know,
but for us here in America that was a bit of a, oh my gosh,
booty! Tomb Raider in 96,
Lara Croft, enough said, Metal Gear Solid in 98 is
cited for Merrill,
because she walks around in her underwear if you go interrupt her changing clothes
yeah alright and moving on the list of course she should also say she's more
comfortable with her desert eagle than with her bra
dead or alive enough said there
is cited bouncy boobs fear effect 2
retro helix because it's got sexy protagonists who are
lovers a little bit of lesbianism
Res in 2001 is cited for a certain peripheral that came with this game.
It's very hard to find now, but it's called the Trance Vibrator, and trust me, when they
developed it, they weren't thinking of the uses that some people have come up for with
this.
Enough said.
The article was hilarious.
Enough said.
BMX XXX in 2002 is cited.
I own that game.
I played this game because you had it, and it was actually a very fun game.
It's like Matt Hoffman's Pro BMX, it's a really cool game though, but it does have strippers
and naked people in it, so it's got that as well, so check it out.
It takes forever to get the boobs on the bike.
It doesn't take very long to get the stripper cutscenes though, there's just these random
stripper cutscenes inserted in the game, that you can get pretty soon, but anyway.
Also on the list here of 1UP.com's Secret History of Video Game Sex, Leisure Suit Larry
from 2004 enough said although I kind of curious why they didn't cite the earlier
games but whatever blood rain simply for the fact that she ended up being in that
Playboy spread that you know virtual girl topless thing Grand Theft Auto San
Andreas hot coffee yeah Playboy the mansion that game was cited here on the
list here and God of War in 2005 because of course you know he had some you know
boob stuff too and lastly UMD pornography making their list here of the
steamy side of gaming's past. I'm looking here in the chat room to see some of the
points that folks are saying here looks like a lot of talk a lot of people are
talking about bubble bath babes where's bubble bath babes from the list?
game sucked all right and then people are talking about hacking your NES roms
to give nudity in the games a lot of those are stupid though like you know
super nude brothers I mean lame I'll never forget the one that was on it was
a game that was never released here but in Japan they had an old old old NES
title called nuts and milk was in his name of the game well somebody hacked
this ROM and you know I just fill in the blank you know what they did in this
game okay the end that's excellent
moving on Jamie please say you have some type of serious story for us here by the
way we're gonna be opening up the skype line shortly right after this story so
for more information on how you can interact with our show head on over to
orange launch radio comm and click on interact with us or you can always give
us a call it's nine one six two two six ninety sixty seven but remember that is
a toll call if you're outside the Sacramento area, which I imagine most of you are. So
ask mommy or daddy if you don't own your phone line. But Jamie, first you have a story for
us. New cost porn. Really? No. Oh. Quantic Dream has canned InfraWorld. It's been pretty
much tossed in the garbage, kicked out to the road. Bye. In an interview with the German
website working title William Dave Fonda mere I suppose I pronounce that right
said infra-world at date this canceled the concept did not appeal to publishers
they did say that on the cron 2 which was given the same it was announced at
the same time as infra-world is actually still on track is now titled karma but
it won't be out on shelves until 2009 Quantic Dream is actually working on
another unnamed title at present another quote on here we have production set but
cannot divulge the name or details of the project. It is an original franchise
of ours, a game for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PSP, and PC systems. Speculation is
that it's a sequel to Fahrenheit. Hmm. But no one for world. Bye. Bye-bye.
All right. Our Skype line is open over at www.orangelandrater.com. Click on
interact with us and I'd be picking up a call right now but nobody's calling in
And I'm thinking I'm looking at our chat room and people are doing this they're doing they're collectively doing this
I'm sick
So fine, we'll go on to the next story if you guys don't want to qualify my me low-key
What's on your mind? Well, I can talk about holidays coming up pretty soon here
Well, let's see. Of course. We have to talk about sexy cheats
For sexy games. This is you know, it kind of goes
So, we'll run down the list a little bit here of some of the sexy cheats that are out there
for the sexy games.
First one being Dead or Alive 4, where you can add increased bounciness to the breasts
of the women in that.
Simply enter your age as 99 in your profile and it will make the female character's breasts
bounce more than usual for those dirty old men out there.
Let's see, some other things that they have here.
They actually talk about Meryl's underwear in Metal Gear Solid, which I thought was kind
of funny.
But you can actually put BloodRayne into JUGGY mode by entering JUGGY Dance Squad as the
code to basically unlock this new mode.
I don't know what exactly that does, but it would be interesting.
BMX XXX, they have topless girl mode.
You have to win first place in both competition levels to unlock the topless grill option.
They have Dead or Alive, Extreme Beach Volleyball, Seethrough, Swimsuit, and you can actually
play with Helena, Leifang, and Kristie to get a transparent swimsuit, unfortunately
it is censored.
And of course the guy game if you happen to unlock some of the video that's in there you
can hit triangle deposit and finish I guess.
Ways to spend your Valentine's Day if you are single and you enjoy looking at the women's
lovely.
Thank you for that Loki.
You're cementing that explicit tag for tonight's little portion of the show.
Thank you so much.
Appreciate it.
Alright, well, I guess we're going to go on over to DarkSakura, who has some news about
Sonic the Hedgehog.
Oh yeah, Sonic's old.
I'm kidding.
You know, I grew up with Sonic the Hedgehog, even though I was a Super Nintendo person
in my younger years, but there actually is a next generation Sonic game that made an
appearance in GamePro.
It's a big world exclusive thing.
Cool.
There is a few interesting points that were made in the article.
The typical Sonic character model was about 1,500 polygons this time around.
It has one million, according to the developers.
Pretty awesome.
The game will also be faster than any previous Sonic game.
That's actually a quote from Nakamura, who is the game creator.
It has motion blur.
You can see it in some of the images that have been out on there.
I think there were some that were published in the magazine, too.
The game will feature huge environments that have night and day cycles as you progress
through the game.
You have morning, noon, night, changing the lighting, you know, sort of how Ocarina of
Time was with the day and night.
It will also use the Havix physics game engine.
Pro mentioned also that there was a sequence where Sonic faced an army of
killer robots and they went flying everywhere with the quote startling
realism. So we'll see what it is when it's finished.
Sounds like it could be pretty sweet. Alright. Alright we're about ready to
wrap things up here on Orange Lounge Radio but first Loki has a couple quick
stories he wants to go through real quick here some things that fell through
the cracks that he wants to make sure we talk about. Exactly one of the things
that they've actually got on this website nullriver.com for all you Mac owners out there.
If you do have a 360, you're able to share your music back and forth with the 360 using
this program they made called Connect360 and it'll allow you to sync up your iTunes as
well as photos, etc.
So check that out if you own a Mac and a 360.
Aww, that was a nice olive branch from Loki, I think, in a way.
Thank you for that, Loki.
Okay, just mess anyways
Moving on there are actually more video game movies in production right now, and there's been some updates on those
mainly Max Payne and Alice
They've actually signed on
Oh
God who was it Sarah Michelle Gellar?
To play the role of Alice, which would be pretty sweet and Max Payne. I believe is still in production right now, so
Tell her to gain some weight first
So that'd be pretty cool.
And basically, what was it, Scott Faye said that Doom and BloodRayne are more learning
experiences than, you know, he's kind of apologizing for those movies and promises of the next
ones will be a little bit better.
The new wave of Xbox 360 games that come out may require you to have a hard drive to play.
That's the case with the Japanese game Football Manager 2006.
actually going to be requiring you to have a hard drive to play the game so
you know hopefully you picked up one of those in other words Xbox should have or
Microsoft should have never sold the cores they just should have kept at 400
I mean I understand why they did it but yeah so I believe I can they said when
they said the games there would be no games that were hard drive specific oops
I guess you know that must be first-party games or something yeah that's
That's going to be, I think, for the Japanese or UK systems, so check that out.
There was also, during the Dice Summit that's been going on right now, they've had actually
a list of, they were doing their own awards for it, the Game Awards.
So basically, the winner for Game of the Year this year is going to be God of War.
Oh yeah, I remember we went over the nominees a couple weeks ago, so.
Okay, so God of War 1 for, and actually God of War 1 in a lot of categories, Console Game
of the Year, Game of the Year, Outstanding Achievements in Animation and Original Music
Composition as well as Sound Design.
Some other nominees that won here actually, Outstanding Achievements in Gameplay and Engineering,
there was a tie between Intendogs and Guitar Hero.
Yeah, I heard Guitar Hero a lot of times.
Design, Guitar Hero 1, as well as Best Soundtrack, Guitar Hero 1, that one as well, so that's
pretty sweet.
It's very interesting because amplitude and frequency were such wonderful games that if
you think about it, aren't that much different from Guitar Hero, except for the fact that
you have a guitar.
People really loved it.
A hot coffee thing that hit the internet for actually this was kind of advertising a brand new movie
Running scared with Paul Walker and in this minigame that they have in their website you would pleasure his wife
orally and
Yeah, it was kind of like hot coffee and fortunately got pulled off the site due to its graphic content so
Lovely so much for that
Lego Star Wars 2 is actually going to be coming out, Lego Star Wars 2
return of the original trilogy
and it should be pretty sweet, they've got a bunch of screenshots
from it, looks like it's going to be covering the original trilogy plus
they're going to have
co-op and stuff, quick poll please, I have never played a Lego game in my life
have any of you guys? Lego Star Wars was pretty sweet actually, was it?
yeah it was actually really well done so alright, maybe I missed the boat on
that one somehow. We're checking out and finally dust off your Dreamcast. There's some more
games for you for free. Marathon has been ported over to the Dreamcast and then we have
to thank Bugged for this one. They actually have the Marathon Trilogy you can download
on Dreamcast Evolution or it's dcevolution.net. They have links to that where you can make
make an image to play on there. The only catch is you're going to need a Dreamcast keyboard
and a controller to play the games, but if you're a fan of Halo and you want to play
some of Bungie's early work, check it out. Dreamcast, one of the most horribly underappreciated
consoles ever. That console was capable of more than we ended up really getting to see
from it. And finally, this is kind of my hope that this is going to be in the game. Fight
night round three they've got had an image come on the internet showing the
Burger King in the game what I'm hoping commercially I'm hoping he's a playable
character because doesn't that violate law right there would sell the game for
me it would bite just to play as the Burger King and would so all right well
we're about ready to wrap things up here on orange lounge radio but not until we
get one last story from Loki and this is quite interesting you know I'm glad they
gave this to me because you know ice cream man in the UK was but well I know
you like ice cream so I love ice cream as much as I love pirating things up so
the ice cream man there was an ice cream man in the UK that was actually busted
for running a counterfeit piracy operation and he'll serve 200 hours of
community service for selling fake video games CDs and DVDs out of his ice cream
van and I believe 4,000 pirated DVD CDs and games were seized during the raid on
him so unfortunately see I thought you know when I hear ice cream and I think
of sweet tooth you know yeah they need a new twisted metal game all right what's
this world come to nowadays when an ice cream man an honest ice cream man has to
turn the piracy to make a buck at least it wasn't drugs at least it wasn't drugs
all right that's it we're done with this week's episode and we're gonna say
goodnight now first though a couple quick notes I am going on vacation not
really though I'm going on a work leave for my day job so I will not be back
until March 5th so I will be gone I'll see you guys then as far as the show
itself stay tuned to the podcast stream we'll have something new for you guys up
the next couple Sundays at least in some capacity so you know what though guys
you know we've been doing this show every week for the podcast at least no
matter what there's been a new podcast every week for like at least over a year
now so if we take a little break this once please forgive us I think we I
think we earned it and it's a slow news month anyway until we get to e3 and the
GDC so sometimes you gotta take a break that's right so we're going for ice
cream mmm ice cream let's get ice cream let's all just take the next you know
five weeks off and just eat ice cream on sundays instead rock alright let's go
around and get everybody's final thought Loki I can't wait to play full auto this
week I'm really looking for that you'll have a review will be up on the stuff
blog sweet sounds good good luck getting it to work
oh hey dark Sakura um on ice cream all right every jet false icons my final
thought is I want ice cream too I think but I want you know what I really want
is a brownie like a brownie with ice cream be awesome alright that's it thank
you guys so much for tuning in to supporting orange lounge radio we love
the fact that you have taken the opportunity to support an independent
podcast and we will continue to provide radio for you until we sell out or die
so until next time this is Rob Roberts for the rest of the folks here at
Orange Lounge Radio, saying, Have a great week!
Thank you for listening.
