Today, February 12th, 2006, will we finally see the Xbox 360 on store shelves soon, a
variety of Nintendo DS updates, and just in time for Valentine's Day, a review of sexy
video games.
Hello everybody and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are again live for another week on Sunday night but of course we also reach out
to the world at your convenience via our podcast stream it all happens at www.orangeloungeradio.com
today is February 12th 2006 and it's episode number 174.
With me, Rob Roberts, also known as Sky, are my lovely co-hosts, in that corner, say hello
to Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
I love salad.
Mmm, salad.
What kind of salad do you have tonight?
I have spinach and tofu and egg and cheese and carrots and black beans and craisins and
balsamic vinegar.
That's a hell of a salad.
And granola.
There's a lot of stuff in there.
And yummy stuff.
What do you say to people that go, ew, tofu?
Have you ever had good tofu?
Well I...
You should really have good tofu.
miso soup which has tofu in it like that's one of my favorite kinds of soup
tofu tofu it all depends on what you cook it with I'm making homemade tofu
I'm not too I can't make tofu but I'm making homemade miso this week have you
ever had a tofu turkey because I used to date a vegan yeah one year I got a tofu
turkey I actually eat I actually eat tofurkey on tofurkey on my sandwiches
okay cuz I've become a vegetarian I eat meat for the first time last night in
like a two-and-a-half weeks because we were at Hard Rock Cafe. It made me sick.
Aww. Hard Rock Cafe is pretty good though. I haven't been there a long time. Anyway.
I had a 22-ounce bass too. It was yummy. We're a video game podcast. I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to turn into Food Network there suddenly. Loki, Tech Master Loki, bring us back to
speed here. How you doing? Good. Good. Have a good week? Yeah. I didn't want to bring
it up because you said no talking about food, so. All right, fine. Real quick.
what you'll food food is an important part of guy I made those long gaming
nights you know I made French onion soup French onion soup and that's suck
because cutting six onions is you know you got to get used to it I guess I
don't really cook like ever it's a miracle to cook well French onion soup
is easy it's just onion and beef broth I mean that's all that's like that's like
you know I can make onion dip just pour the soup mix the sour cream that's easy
I'm drinking fermented tea. Yum.
All right. All this food toss is going to make me hungry here. But anyways, gaming stuff.
Yes, well gaming. Yes, let's get into our gaming weeks and you know how things have been going.
Do you have something real quick to start us off? I played Grand Theft Auto.
Loki, go ahead and start us off since you guys started. How was your gaming week?
I played Grand Theft Auto. That was pretty much it.
Really? Yeah, I haven't gotten a chance to play much of my 360 this week because it's been
really busy.
Man, haven't really been able to snatch the TV away from people.
We have him playing the full auto demo, which just to kind of warm us up to full auto, which
I'll be getting on Tuesday, so it will be a very happy Valentine's Day with full auto.
Alright, alright.
They're doing really weird things on Valentine's Day this year.
I just saw a commercial on TV the other day, it said Saw 2 is being released on DVD on
Valentine's Day.
I'm like, that's just hokey.
I find it funny though the most romantic holiday in existence was based off of a martyr
are you do now do you have plans for valentine's day i sure do yeah um dan and i both have to work
but i'm planning on um recreating the night that he proposed to me
oh so um i'm i bought um sourdough uh french baguette at bodine last night so good and then
um i'm gonna get some spinach dip and a bottle of the what's it called menschweizitz blackberry wine
Remember, we were very broke when I moved in with Dan, and we're going to watch UHF.
He proposed to me over Weird Al.
That's awesome.
Either that or we'll just go to Claim Jumper.
Oh, that place is going to be packed though.
I don't know if it'll go there.
Yeah.
Oh, maybe we'll go get Chinese food.
All right.
Anyway.
Sorry.
It all comes back to food tonight.
What's going on?
We's hungry people, feed us.
Any other games that you've been playing, Loki, this week?
I did play briefly, and I mean extremely briefly, this Super Mario Bros. 3 hack, it was Mario
Adventure or something like that, and it was okay, but I got bored with it real quick.
I did...
What the frickin' hell?
My microphone just fell apart.
Your microphone's kind of falling apart, here, let's do a quick switcheroo, Loki.
That was interesting.
this one here since we won't have a guest tonight. Anyways, my microphone literally
exploded in my favorite- Live radio, it happens. Um, that's what I get for trying to put that
mesh back on there. Anyways, um, so yeah, I tried actually playing with the Xbox 360
wired controller because I downloaded the Windows XP drivers and it was okay. It works
good as a controller. It would be good for like, um, I think Nintendo 64 emulation or
or something like that, but I don't know.
So I just played a little bit of that and a little bit of,
I, what was it, I'm Okay, I played a little bit of that,
which was that Jack Thompson murder simulator game
that we talked about last week, that was fun.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
I'm just kind of waiting to play some more full auto
and try to actually sit down and set some more 360 times
time so I can play more Ridge Racer and that type of stuff.
And download maybe some more games.
Alright let's go over to DarkSakura.
DarkSakura how was your gaming week?
I played some Animal Crossing at work during my breaks of course because I'm a good girl.
We have a really good story on gaming at work tonight so we have to come back to that later.
I also chatted with some coworkers about PSP games and I'm still needing to sit down with
Maverick Hunter X just because I watched the OAV thing on it, which depressed me utterly
but it was really awesome.
And I played a little bit more Kingdom Hearts but this week's been really crazy because
I'm leaving for Alabama next week and have been trying to double up on my schoolwork
so I don't have to have that sitting over my head.
However, I'm also getting Dirge of Cerberus, which is the game featuring Vincent, sort
of first person shooter-y, and I think I have the name right, it's SNK Coliseum, supposed
to be like this massive, big ol' game starring the KOF characters and different SNK characters.
Very cool.
So I'm working on that.
Alright.
Now I'm glad you brought up the fact that you're going to be in Alabama next week, because
I will actually, when you're in Alabama, I'm going to be in Washington DC next week, and
I'm going to Virginia immediately after that for work so I'm actually going to
I'm doing I'm doing something for this job
Orange Laundry Day and then doing something for my day job back-to-back so for those
folks new to the show I will be appearing at KatsuKan and I'm going to
be doing a panel on Bamani and music-based video games and it's Sunday
at 11 a.m. is the time my panel so as you guys going to KatsuKan come by say
hi learn something about the money games I have a special treat
I'm gonna be doing something that... I have something special that has not hit
the Internet
that I'm gonna be doing at the panel and that's all I can really say about that
it's really cool so come by so check it out and that's in
that's in DC at the Omni Shoreline. Remember Rob's secret is 21 and up.
Shut up.
Alright there's something that is completely off-top
well not quite off-top. You mentioned KazuKon and
you know convention-wise. Something I forgot to mention about my work
since I said we're doing a sales push right now
there's a contest involved. And the contest is with the four salespeople here
in Folsom and four salespeople in Dallas.
Two contests for both of us.
The contest is whoever brings on the most accounts
gets an all-expense-paid trip to E3 with a VIP pass.
VIP pass lets you get into everything. Oh, you gotta get that.
Oh, the United might not even be able to go E3 because of the future wife, huh?
Actually, she gave me the okay. Woohoo! Alright!
Oh, you gotta get that pass then. Oh, I'm... It's a scoop here on OLR. It doesn't matter anyways.
I'll get a pass, a VIP pass. Whether I win the contest or not,
they better give me one. Rub it in, rub it in. Alright.
Yes, DarkStarker. That's cool, because I'll have my media pass too.
Yeah, we need to get a media pass. Oh, we're working on it. March 31st is the deadline.
Behind the scenes, we're working on it. Okay, alright.
my gaming week I've had a lot of requests like in the chat room the chat
room is lit up right now and I'm getting private messages as well people wanting
to know follow up to the Xbox 360 debacle that I went off on last week
you'll notice I'm a lot calmer when it comes to Xbox 360 topics tonight I did
get the box from Microsoft but because of the fact I was out on business for
part of this week I haven't had a chance to send it back yet but it's going back
tomorrow it's getting put in the box tonight and it's going back tomorrow so
look for another update on a future show whenever I get back I'm gonna be out for
two shows so I'm not sure what's going to happen with the podcast we're going
to talk about that but probably next week there'll be some type of best of
maybe Loki bringing us some current headlines mixed into that and the week
after we'll see is still out so we'll just you know stay tuned to
orangeontrader.com for all the updates on that. Let's see so that's where my
Xbox 360 stands so I'll let you know what happens when that comes back. As far
as the rest of my gaming week it's actually been pretty calm I've been
doing a lot of other things in my personal life this week, so I haven't had a lot of
time for gaming. I was flying on the plane and I brought my DS. I didn't even really
touch it. I actually, I was listening to podcasts. I actually, I brought my iPod and I listened
to other podcasts because I kind of said before on the show that I don't really listen to
a lot of other podcasts. There's really only one other gaming podcast I listen to on a
regular basis, but that's because it's run by somebody I consider an internet friend,
I listen to that one and I try to listen to others once in a while because I really do
want to support the independent podcast scene because I know there's a lot of people that
put blood sweat and tears so to speak into their cast just like we do so I try to listen
to what's going on once in a while and support it but I was listening to podcasts on other
subjects too because there's a lot of great stuff available on iTunes that's not just
video games so you know some of my other interests so that was that.
As far as gaming goes I did check out one new game it's not a new game but it's something
A friend of mine suggested that I play because he thought I would like it
because I was talking about my love of games like Civilization,
so he's trying to get me back into some more like strategy type games.
So the game he brought over for me is a game called Ghost Hunter,
which was something I never really played before and I thought it was more of an
action title like a reverse
Silent Hill type thing. You actually play ghosts and what you're trying to do is
you're trying to haunt people in a house
and make them run away scared from the house. So it's kinda cool but it's more of a
tactical game. I was kinda surprised.
Like you have a certain amount of points that you can spend on different scare tactics and things.
But I really like the game because it's so cool because you can switch and go to the point of view of the people in the house.
And it's really fast. You change between all these graphics.
You can go between all the different points of view of the characters and the overview of the house.
And so you can watch your characters as they're being scared run around and you hear their little heart beating going
Ah, ah, boom, boom, boom, boom.
So this is kind of funny. It's a really cute game. I liked it. It's a good time.
So, if you're a fan of scary type games, or even the...
Well, although it's not really a scary game because it's all done very comically.
But if you're a fan of those type of supernatural things, you might like it.
Or even strategy and tactical type games, you may find this to be kind of fun.
I don't know if it's a game I'll play all the way through to completion.
I don't know if it's that great for me, but I think it'll be fun.
So the game's called Ghost Hunter, and I want to say it was developed by a UK studio, actually.
I think the version my friend had was a UK version somehow, so that's what I checked out.
That was pretty much my gaming week. Not a whole lot of new stuff, sorry.
You know, I wanted to download new demos on the Xbox 360, but we won't go there.
I haven't done that.
Yes, Dark Sakura?
I actually did play another game.
What's that?
Actually, at Walmart.
Was it Deer Hunter?
No, it was this Sega Undersea game that was a lot like...
It was in the same I think type of series as that
What was it called the Safari hunter
But you go and it's like house to the dead with fish
It's underwater undersea hunter the undersea undersea adventure
I like the crocodile hunter cry no, but you you're you have like this like this little handheld tour
you know torpedo things and you shoot sharks and
Hydras and you just go around shooting fish. It's like house of the dead with fish
you were you when you were talking about Safari game you made me think of this
one game maybe we're talking about the same thing here but they used to have a
little arcade here in town you know the Sacramento the town we live in has
essentially no good arcades anymore we used to have a couple good ones like
standalone arcades in the area and I remember one particular one that was out
in Roseville one of our suburbs had this game and I want to say it was by Sega
it was a safari game and it was actually like a sit-down you go around in the
Jeep and you lasso. Yeah, that was it. This was in the same series, but you just go around
shooting fish. That's cool. And like, you know how in House of the Dead when like you
let people die and you tell the other people there was nothing we could do. Instead like
you see like if you let a shark eat one of the divers he just sort of hangs in the water
like dead. And you're like dot dot dot. Okay. Alright, well that's a little bit about what's
going on in our gaming worlds. And if you want to share what's going on in your gaming
Join our chat room www.orangelandradio.com click on chat. You know I send us some email
We'd love getting the email from you guys mailbag at orangelandradio.com
And we'll read some of those emails a little later on in the program
Moving to Arcadian42 said jumbo safari or jumbo safari. That's a jumbo safari not jumbo. All right anyway
Let's get into some news some gaming news, and we'll start it off with
Dark Sakura lots of news on the DS lots and lots of news on the DS this week we
have so much so Dark Sakura if you can give us start us off well there's a
little bit of news about DS voice chats and demo kiosks popping up the upcoming
game Metroid Prime hunters will have a voice over IP option that was recently
announced. Basically, um, what VoiceOver IP is, it's, um, imagine playing Fantasy Star
Online, it's about the same thing. You're doing your, instead of doing like standard
phone line, it's actually connecting through the internet connection.
Right, like Xbox Live.
Yeah.
Basically, yeah.
Yeah, same thing. Only, of course, this will be wireless. Um, one of the Nintendo of Europe
spokespeople mentioned that they're hoping the, uh, VoiceOver IP feature will be included
in the European version also of Metroid Prime Hunters for Nintendo DS, but they have to
work on regulatory and contractual issues before that can be cleared.
Now this would explain why now at E3, because you guys remember E3 we saw the demos of the
voice over IP, like they had two DS's set up on different ends of the Nintendo booth
and you could chat with the other person, but we never really saw anything come of this,
but we kind of, like we knew, ok Nintendo's plotting something, so here it is, I guess
this is the result of that it's not some type of separate game but they're
actually going to incorporate it into their other games. Well basically if any
system has internet capability you know any type of online play capability they
have voice over IP capability. Right. Now my old work used to do voice over IP for
our entire phone system. Oh sure it's a huge thing you know people have voice
over IP as their home phone you know. Vonage. Vonage and that stuff yeah. Right
but um also there's more Skype mentioned. Yeah Skype's the same way. I said the game was
for March 20th released in the US and later on May 5th in Europe. They're also
mentioning that they're rolling out a series of DS demo kiosks across North
America at major retail locations like GameStop, EB Games, GameCrazy. DS owners
will be able to wirelessly download games, videos, minigames, sort of like how we did
in E3 and they will be available until the handheld is switched off. You
actually exactly like what our downloads were like at E3 when we were playing
electroplankton and everything in line. Now I heard that they are actually
bringing some of those exact same demos over like Meteos and stuff too are going
to be some of the launch titles we're gonna see in the demo kiosks. There is a
list. The first kiosk will offer free demos of Tetris DS, Brain Training, Mario
Kart DS, Meteos, Chew Swing Golf, and Pokemon Troze, along with a video of
Metroid Prime Hunters, um, new kiosks will be getting new content every quarter.
I, you know, now I remember at E3 you could download the Zelda trailer
and that was like a big thing. You could get, like, movies. That was the big thing.
Yeah, it was a huge thing.
So, now, I want to go back to a minute and talk about Metroid Prime Hunters because I did, I, I, I, I, I'm
sorry if I'm repeating something you already said but I
seem to recall reading that you would only be able to actually use the voice
over IP before and after the game.
you're not actually gonna be able to use it in the game itself that's correct
it's only available in the lobby area
so you can only trash talk in the lobbies. Isn't it very interesting
that Nintendo's kinda opening that door
because Nintendo I mean they have to they have to open that door I I still
say the reason why GameCube was third place
is because they didn't embrace the internet sooner
and I I think though Nintendo's tried very hard to kinda protect people like
Like you know for the same reason you can't share your friend codes on their official
forums and stuff?
It seems like they're trying to protect people from that same, like, you know the stigma
that Xbox Live gets?
You know whenever you go online and play Halo, you're gonna get called a F-A-G or an N-I-G,
bling, bling, bling, right?
You're gonna get called those things because people are kinda immature on there and Xbox
Live has that stigma.
I don't think Nintendo wants that same thing.
So it's kinda interesting.
It's very smart to limit it in that respect.
Because you know, there's been plenty of times where I'd be playing PSO and someone would
get lost in our party, which happened all the time.
And so, someone would just, you know, let out a little curse.
And that, you know, you don't want to be stuck in the moment by having it be before and after.
People are usually calmer, more thinking of what they're doing.
I don't mind the occasional fucker shit because we do the same thing on this show and I think
that's just, you know, it's not that bad.
It's how people talk well not everybody, but you know just depends on your culture anyway
But I do hate it when I go on Xbox Live, and there's some 13 year old kid talking about you know
Making up stories about getting drunk and playing the game and calling everybody fag and all that stuff
You know I don't that's the part that annoys me
I don't care if people are gonna say fucker shit once in a while you know but
It's just interesting to me that Nintendo is kind of opening that door
It's gonna be interesting to see if they try to police this at all or if they just
If they're looking at Xbox and going, you know what? It's successful. Why are we afraid of this? Let's just let's just do it
Let's open it up
No, we'll see. All right
And let's go over to Loki for a follow-up story. Yes
Well kind of on the same subject of chatting over the Internet
Nintendo's actually applied for a voice-to-text software patent and basically their reasoning for it is
If a 12 year old boy is playing the role of a 40 year old warrior, voice chat can spoil or detract from the gameplay experience since the warrior ends up having the voice of a 12 year old.
So the solution is that you speak normally and have the software convert the speech into text, which also allows them to censor any naughty words that you'll be using.
be using. So, good idea, probably something that they might use for like, I don't know,
I think this would be good for like, actually Metroid Prime Hunters, because if you can't
support, you know, the voice chat or whatever, you can at least do text chat or something.
Do you need to be talking in Metroid Prime Hunters, maybe?
No. Because, does Metroid Prime Hunters have
a co-op? I don't think they did, at least in the demo I remember.
I don't think so. So maybe that theory is you shouldn't be
talking to each other because you should be finding each other to kill each other and
you wouldn't talk to your enemies.
I don't know, capture the flag, team play stuff. I don't think it depends what kind of...
I haven't touched that demo in forever. It's an interesting idea, who knows how they'll use it, but
something else to look forward to, I guess.
You know where I think this is all headed,
and I think this is actually going to be really, really smart of Nintendo.
You know where I think this is all headed with this whole demo kiosk and all this stuff, the demos?
I think we're going to see something that's like a copy
of Xbox Live on the Xbox 360
with the revolution using the revolution because imagine it you hook up
a Nintendo revolution to the internet and you could download DS demos
onto your revolution essentially turning your revolution into a demo kiosk
I think that's kinda where we're headed where your revolution will be able to
play not only
revolution demos at some point but DS demos as well
beam them over to your DS and I think that's gonna be really powerful
well they're gonna probably do the same thing with the PS3 they're gonna have the game share function
that you can use, probably with the PS3, where you can download one level demos of PSP games.
Maybe Xbox is wishing they had a handheld right about now.
Probably.
Interesting.
I just kind of see that as the end point for all of this, but it's going to be very cool.
Oh yeah, everyone's looking to online, and they've got to, I mean, since they're not
pushing high def, so online's going to have to be what it is.
It's going to have to be innovative, and that's pretty innovative, I guess.
I'm going to the chat room and checking it out, www.orangelaungeradio.com, click on chat.
Some interesting comments here, Hitstun had a couple of good things to say I like here.
Nintendo needs to solve the problem with people disconnecting when they're about to lose.
Certainly one of their biggest bitches.
That can happen with a lot of online games though, but certainly maybe should affect
their records or something like it does on some Xbox games.
Also Hitstun said this, I thought this was good.
wants people to play not chat that's an interesting point they are very
Nintendo's been always about the games yeah but you know I I don't think I
don't think you can really say Microsoft's not about the games it's
just but but in a way they really have pushed the social network I don't know
weird it's weird I don't know if you could say that they only want they want
them to play not chat because um you know the DS did have pico chat
included with it come on mini me 283 has an interesting comment too I think
Nintendo would be worse than Xbox Live because some people would be even more
immature Nintendo's target audience granted as a whole is usually younger
than Xbox's so interesting point but I don't know I know a lot of you know
twenty-something gamers and thirty something gamers that are Nintendo fan
fanboys. Usually, the older ones are Nintendo fanboys. That's kinda what I notice. I think
Nintendo doesn't necessarily, may not be focusing on age-wise. I've always seen them as focusing
to a more innocent crowd. Hmm. For people who are more looking for the wholesome category
of gaming. Or the not quite so racy, not quite so mature. Well, you know, I even hate to
of games as Grand Theft Auto as basically being a mature game because honestly the game
strikes me overall as very immature, but in general I think that it's more for the people
looking for the more adult experience, like Xbox, but GameCube is more of the we want
a cleaner type of game.
Okay, okay, I can see it.
Alright, it's going to be very interesting to see where this all goes over the next few
months as you know we get more information about the revolution. I'm
wondering you know how we talked about last week that there's going to be a
couple hints dropped a game developers conference on the revolution we think
it's gonna be very interesting to see if it ties into this. I'm thinking that the
announcement we see at at game developers conference this is totally a
rumor I'm making up right here is that it's gonna tie into all this other news
we're seeing is that exactly as I just said it that the revolution is gonna
have that capability I think that'll be the hint that's dropped at GDC because
that would be a good little teaser that doesn't really spoil the actual
revolution you know what I mean I don't know anyway my thoughts speaking of the
DS we have yet more stuff on the DS the DS lite is on its way dark soccer you
know some more information on the DS lite why yes I do Rob Nintendo has
basically announced three colors for the Nintendo DS lite launching in Japan on
March 2nd. They're having Crystal White, Ice Blue, and Enamel Navy. And Nintendo's
actually put some pictures up on their Japanese website. I'll be able to go
ahead and post links to that in our chat room but also anyone can go on to a
Nintendo of Japan site at nintendo.co.jp slash ds slash lite lite slash color slash
index dot HTML and they're they're pretty you remember that old bet from
the live show before we went to this old you know new format on the old live show
we were talking about weight loss on one episode like a few months ago and I made
that bet with extra fur that he couldn't go without fast food for six months well
he's still gone without fast food we're about four months into it now and now
he's telling me he wants a DS light because the deal was if he could do it I
I would buy him a DS Lite or a Nintendo DS
because I said he couldn't do it.
And now he's saying, I want a DS Lite.
I'm like, you can't change the terms.
You're gonna buy whatever DS I can buy.
I'll get you a used DS, smart ass.
Besides, they're not available over here, so ha.
But they'll still play any region.
They will be, you know they will be.
Eventually, but ha, they're not yet.
They'll still play any region,
so I don't see where the big thing is.
You can import them for the same price as it is
to actually just buy one retail at a lot of sites.
No, I'm not importing one.
If I lose a bet, I'm not going out of my way to make it nice.
All right.
If I come out with crap colors over here, I'll import one.
We'll see.
Loki, one more DS story for us?
Yes, and this is only appropriate,
seeing as we're talking about web functions.
Actually, Nintendo has come out to say
that they are looking into creating a web browser for it.
Basically, Reggie, one of the higher-ups at Nintendo,
is on the record talking to EGM saying that
he's looking at a third-party licensee to get involved with the
web functionality in basically a web browser
but if they would not do it
then definitely that's something that Nintendo is looking at putting out themselves
so
it could be something we'll see soon web browsing on the DS
might be it'd be perfect for it I think you know
all this stuff they had to be thinking of when they first put out the DS.
Isn't it interesting how this is kind of rolled out very slowly?
I'm very smart on Nintendo's part because when the DS first came out a lot of us were kind of looking at it
going
not a lot of good games right now, not a lot of stuff to do with this, PSP's got a lot more
functionality and now it's very interesting to see the DS really starting to raise the
bar here against the PSP
because the PSP's niche and what still makes it a very powerful portable system is the
fact that
It does do web browsing and movie playing and all this other stuff too and Nintendo's starting to compensate for that difference a little bit
So it's very interesting
Very interesting should be cool
We'll see what happens. Okay. I lied. I have one more
DS story for you guys, but this is so cool. You got to see this
This was posted and I apologize because I don't remember where but it's a link to a video on youtube.com
And it's actually a clip of the new Super Mario Brothers on Nintendo DS
I'm going to show this in studio here to the folks here. You got to look at this game looks sexy here
Okay, so the clip shows you it's got the old retro. Oh, it's hung up a little bit there
It's got the old retro sounds there and the retro look to it except Mario's in a very desert looking world
Yeah, you can kind of compare it to something you would have seen in Mario Brothers 2
Except the look of it looks like Mario 1 graphics, but it reminds me of Super Mario all-stars
stars basically a little bit it does look kind of like super mario where there's all stars
a lot of the same enemies like you see the little spiky guys and the caterpillar things
and there's these new rings too look at this mario goes in the pipe and then flies out of it that's
kind of cool like mario went in the pipe and the pipe bent to allow him to kind of fly out of it
so this is looking like it's going to be pretty sexy i like this i like the that's stage four
I recognize what level that is.
I don't think this is a redone version of the original.
Well, I wouldn't be surprised if- Well, a lot of it looked like the same type of-
Oh, I'm sure- I wouldn't be surprised if there's
elements of the classic Mario Brothers put into this game, because, you know,
Nintendo loves their retro stuff. No, it is different.
Yeah. See, because you've got the pipe here, you wouldn't have that in the original one.
Yeah. Kinda neat. I like that. I like the thing with it being his head.
Cool anyway, so just a little teaser of what's to come that looks very exciting. I'm very happy about that anyway
I'm gonna post. I'll post the link directly in
Chat room there, so you guys can check out the video as well
I know I know that's great radio to hear us sitting around talking about it, so go check it out
Have a look at it all right now. Let's go on to a completely different topic enough Nintendo DS for now
Let's do a follow-up story
Three weeks in an hour or three weeks now. We've talked about this. Yes the drama all right
what's up lizard basically says yeah our bad about the whole gay lesbian guild
that was you know basically shot down for you know trying to advertise and the
guild wasn't closed but it's just that the the person who did the shout got the
slap on the wrist under harassment policy and that was the whole big issue
was that you know was she harassing no she wasn't harassing anybody that was a
whole issue but anyway sorry yeah it's basically no they're very she's very
happy that blizzard has owned up to the mistake and apologize and corrected it
so basically it's just kind of seeing how the policies under review right now
and they're trying to make revisions to you know make it friendly to everybody
and I clarify things less vague I read I don't know if it's the same story but I
I did read because obviously I've been very curious about this I did read a
follow-up story that said Blizzard did apologize and say that it was you know
not really what it should have been filed under and I heard that they were
going to put all their GMs through sensitivity training to you know I
better identify how to handle these issues in the future and I thought this
was a very creative solution is I don't I don't remember if this was fact or
rumor so take this with a grain of salt but that Blizzard is going to create
another chat channel within the game because right now they have chat
channels for you know general chat looking for group trade they have all
these channels they're going to create a new channel for guild recruitment or
this kind of chat would be acceptable and I think that is a very fair and very
smart solutions anyways that's if that's fact I appreciate Blizzard for doing
that here is the actual apology letter that Sarah Andrews received from
Blizzard and it's from their you know the head of customer service I'm Thor
Before BF4, Head of Blizzard Customer Service Worldwide, I'd like to thank you for bringing
your recent concerns to our attention and extend our apologies for any inconveniences
has caused you or your guild.
The action that was taken by our customer service representatives was an unfortunate
interpretation of our current policies which are currently under review.
This was ultimately escalated to my attention and after reviewing all the details I had
the following warning removed from your account please accept our apologies for
the way our staff characterized your conduct and rest assured your account
will not be penalized in any way for this occurrence I'll be happy to
discuss this with you further so for you so please feel free to contact me
directly and then it leaves his number so thank you thank you blizzard that was
no I mean I'm serious that Amy even though I kind of wish it had happened a
little sooner I understand that corporations are big nasty machines
This probably had to be reviewed a thousand times by legal so I understand
I thank you for that having been in customer service for a very long time myself. Yeah
When things get escalated like that you can't expect a few weeks worth of delay, so I'm I'm understanding
You know I in a perfect world that would have happened a little sooner, but I'm okay with that
I'm okay with it. Please don't see me as bitching further. I'm happy with that so
First a couple comments to what's going on the chat room somebody's saying did I say gay chat?
They were gonna make another channel for gay chat. No, no, that was guild recruitment chats not gay chat
Let's see. What was the other one? Oh another person to comment
EK I am which I think is Mike spelled backwards says did they unban her? I just want to clarify
They never banned her she was warned not banned, but I believe I'm almost positive
She voluntarily left the game because she was kind of pissed off and well, you know, I would have been too
so I can't say I blame her for that but I just want to clarify that nobody was
banned in that whole thing just warned and the warning was inappropriate all
right so I'm glad to hear that follow-up and now the you know the best thing
about that follow-up we won't ever have to talk about that again yay all right
so next up let's talk about another MMO this is another follow-up to a story we
talked about a little while ago you remember a couple I think it was he the
Last week or two weeks ago on the show, we talked about how Square had banned some of
the GIL farmers from Final Fantasy XI.
They didn't say anything at first, but now they have come out and said something.
They released a press release called RMT Countermeasures.
RMT stands for Real Money Trading.
Basically coming out and saying, we've reviewed 700 accounts and banned them, 300 billion
GIL has been removed from circulation.
They realize this is driving up the price of items and they are doing their best to
follow and they say they have more accounts under review and they're taking this stuff
very seriously.
I'm glad they did that, but at the same time, I still go by what I said last week when this
originally came up, why didn't this happen a year and a half ago when things started
to get out of hand?
I don't understand why it took this long.
Now, no review process takes that long, so this is a little bit of a reasonable amount
of time and I'm still not really, this isn't enough to really get me back.
You know, had this happened a long time ago, maybe I would've never left and started playing
World of Warcraft.
Well, yeah, I'm quitting my account next week, actually, because I'm, well, the only delay
that I've had so far is I'm waiting for someone to take over the link shell and that's it.
Then I'm done.
I'm dumping everything.
I still will go and check out the game when the new expansion is released because I hear
It's going to be a little more solo friendly like you'll be able to do more stuff on your own
So I'm gonna give it another chance because that was one thing Final Fantasy 11 was severely lacking for me like I do
Don't get me wrong. I do understand. It's an MMO. You have to group sometimes. That's understandable, but all the time
Okay, I was a little much. That was the first thing that sent me to World of Warcraft
Yeah, so we'll see I'm gonna give it another chance and we'll see so don't screw this up square
We'll see. That's a little bit of a follow up there.
We seem to be saying that quite a bit where Six Square is concerned.
I know. Anyway, moving on.
DarkSakura. She likes to surf the internet.
You like the internet, right?
Yeah, the internet is serious business.
She serves, sits up and down, and brings the very best to you in her website-o-the-week.
DarkSakura, what's the website of the week?
Today's website of the week is called get your head out of your butt.com best name ever
for a website. Basically the site focuses on political issues and then gives an opinion
on how the people who are most prevalent in these issues are big idiots. I mean it really
is nothing but political issues but the whole point of this is if you're going to be in
the public eye and say things don't be a dumbass about it. I actually put some thought into
A few of the different issues brought over here was more about the Communications Decency
Act, more recent developments with that, which actually sort of affects us, you know.
Also about issues with the Super Bowl, and this one actually really struck with me about
Cindy Sheehan, who was arrested for wearing that particular t-shirt at the State of the
Union address.
She was basically lost any credibility she might have had for doing that at the most inappropriate time ever
So yeah, it's pretty good. It's a pretty good site. Give some pretty controversial views on things
That's another good article in here about the Dixie Chicks, too
But anyone who happens to be politically and socially minded
Check it out
You may not agree with the opinion
But at least it's very intelligently presented and has the best website name ever and so therefore it's your website of the week
Exactly. It's GetYourHeadOutOfYourButt.com. All one word.
Is it non-partisan? Does it razz on both sides?
It seems fairly non-partisan. That's actually another thing that appealed to
me is that it seems
it is a bit more on the liberal-friendly side
but then again it does also... Because when I looked at it, it seemed a little more on the other side of it.
It really floats the line to me.
Well, whoever's got their head in their butt this week, essentially. Well, right, and I
think that they're...
You know, I think the person who writes it, the reason why it appeals to me is because
it has a very similar point of view to I do.
I've got a very socially liberal mindset, but when it comes to fiscal, you know, circumstances
and some borderline social circumstances, I do lean a little conservatively on it just
based on my background.
But, you know, I think it's very moderate, I'd have to put it as very moderate.
Okay, that's good, because that kind of stuff's only funny to me when it's both sides being
razzed.
Oh yeah, I agree.
And they, like I said, they go from everything from, you know, pointing fingers at, you know,
the Patriot Act to pointing fingers at, you know, that Cindy lady.
Okay, that's cool.
I mean, it really does go back and forth.
I think it's a very fair point of view, but again, it is the author's point of view.
Alright.
What does that have to do with games?
It doesn't, but...
That's teasing, I'm teasing.
Well, no, but every so often I've seen things pop up about the RIAA and...
I want to say I saw something about like you know there was even a gaming
category in there something like I seem to recall
maybe I'm crossing wires I don't know. I honestly believe
this is my social political point of view on this
anything that happens that's in the public eye as far as any type of
political or social agenda
is eventually going to affect all other aspects of life including
how we communicate what we do for our leisure including games
I honestly think that everything is linked. You'll see one thing about
so-and-so, you know, privacy issue and then you'll see
all sorts of privacy measures being incorporated into like
AOL, Yahoo, Game Chat.
This is the reason why I think gamepolitics.com is a horribly overlooked site.
I think more people should be keeping a pulse on what's going on over there
because it really fuses
this politics thing with what what goes on with gaming.
You know, I think that for everybody that ignores the social issues that go on, issues
with government and politics, you know, it's not necessarily the smartest thing to do.
You're keeping yourself in the closet, basically.
You're keeping yourself under your pile of blankets, warm and safe in your bed, and you
won't realize that the house is crashing around you.
Alright.
That's my opinion.
That's why I like this site.
Alright.
That's her opinion.
Take it or leave it.
Alright.
I'm gonna leave it.
No, I'm teasing.
I'm teasing.
Hey, hey, hey.
because it pisses so many people off probably all right um well we'll see
we'll check the email later oh yeah I get in an email low-key speaking of
things crashing down get it crash Xbox all right what's going on on Xbox Live
lots of new stuff to download actually they've added crystal quest which is
actually one of the earlier Mac games I remember crystal quest I wanted
download this it's well yeah Xbox one of the first Mac games in color and so you
know I don't know it's too similar to the other games are out there right now
like mutant storm and geometry wars that they're just too similar no did you did
you download it I haven't played it yeah okay I've seen pictures of it and they've
just compared it to this but anyways the one I'm waiting for is crystal castles
I like that game. That was pretty fun crystal cat like the old with the bear running around getting the gems. Yep
I know and it's even better when you actually have the trackball to play at home. I know I know so that was fun
Yeah, you can't play you can't play that game with a keyboard
You have to use either your mouse which is essentially an inverted trackball or a trackball. I mean trackballs the bomb. So anyway
So that and also another cool demo that's gonna be coming out and that would be Ghost Recon advanced warfighter
It should be coming probably pretty soon, you know, in the next couple weeks or so.
Because the game's coming out in March, like the second week in March.
Another thing that's coming out though, 99 Nights demo is going to be hitting the Japanese
Xbox Live Arcade.
But for those people that know the region trick that you can do that, you can actually
probably download that here.
If you want to know the region trick, go post it on our forums and Loki will help you out.
I thought this was interesting.
Our chat room over at orangelaunchradio.com is kind of giggling.
They're snickering to themselves because they said essentially that we got Loki to talk
about something Mac-related and keep the peace.
It's amazing.
All right, before Loki can respond to that, I better run on to another story real quick.
Okay, I'm going to talk about Xbox 360 tonight and not get angry, and this should be good
news to some folks.
This is coming from a website, xboxic.com.
Peter Moore, who of course is the Vice President of the Entertainment and Devices Division
of Microsoft Corp, he is talking about the issues regarding these shortages, and this
is what he said, quote, within the next four to six weeks, anybody will be able to walk
into a store and buy an Xbox 360.
So will we be seeing these shortages come to an end?
God, let's hope so.
That's an ambitious statement.
Yeah, but at the same time, maybe four to six weeks is when you should have launched
your system if that's the case but what do I know I'm just I'm just some guy
with a broken Xbox all right uh sorry I couldn't resist but whereas you may be
able to walk into a store and get one here though Loki what's going on other
places Australia got all of Australia of course and they were supposed to get
their 360s I believe in the beginning of March and now it's the end of March and
And now it's, well, you might get some, you might get a couple, but there's gonna be shortages.
All those shortages, because I guess they're not shipping Australia, they're just gonna
be shipping the United States, you know, to make that-
I was gonna say, they took all of Australia's consoles and took them back, tweaked them
for US, put them out here.
Sorry guys.
They're all, eh, Australia, eh, not very important.
So I don't know, but um, so yeah, if you're looking to play the 360, you might as well
save up for the Nintendo Revolution or the PS3 or something I don't know yeah
the ps3 all right that should be coming out sometime maybe Microsoft will prove
us wrong we would love to be wrong on this but otherwise if you're one of our
Australia listeners make sure you've got a pre-order or something you're gonna be
camping out if you want one of these systems bad enough or you know I'm not gonna
hold it to them for that four to six week thing four to six weeks from when
2007 I mean seriously what they sold 600,000 units in the first three months
instead of three million yeah they're right on schedule
jaded 2006 and our chat room says the shortages will actually last another four
to six years I hope not that's that's when the Xbox 720 will be out by then or
whatever they do next we hope we'll see yeah the Xbox 360 is very misleading
because it makes you it makes it sound like you can rotate the system but we
know happily. Alright, since we're traveling abroad right now, let's go
over to the UK and go over to Dark Sakura for the UK report. It looks like
the Grim Reaper has visited Gizmondo Europe. It's finally dead, kaput, and
filing for bankruptcy. Gizmondo UK has been ordered to liquidate by the
High Court. As part of this, the liquidators will probably have to sell
off the company's assets watch out you know that means what discount gizmondo
which means Jamie's gonna get one check your bargain bin dude I love I love the
gizmondo that pisses me off cuz the gizmondo had some fun stuff on it I love
that Johnny whatever game it was cute for a few minutes but it didn't it
didn't generate enough interest for me I'm not I mean like if I were a video
game collector like you or like a system collector like you are I might go run
out and get one but I I'm gonna I'm gonna pass it's it's just so that when
you're going up against the likes of Nintendo really you know we had our Neo
Geo make it a little while and die over here Neo Geo pocket color probably the
wondrous one never even came out over here probably announcing a console
revision before you launch the console not a good idea well at any rate you
know I feel awful for them because I talked with a few of the reps that were
there at E3 and I thought they were just fabulous and I thought they really tried
really hard to make this something that would appeal to people they believed in
it and that's important but believe only get you so far
that's too bad so it's kind of well maybe next time so what else is going on
besides that well you know my heart still hurts over that though did you
need a moment of silence for Gizmondo? Nah. Alright. Okay. Now the next thing is that
Nintendo is pushing their Wi-Fi online services. Excuse me as I lose my voice. They're doing
a video spot for the service which is going worldwide, showing worldwide head-to-head
playability and it's sort of big news okay it's very epic yeah epic that's a
good worldwide Wi-Fi by Nintendo Sunday Sunday Sunday with monster trucks but
the are they really I mean what this raises to question is it are they really
going for a worldwide market with that well I think as long as you get the big
three it seems like as long as you get a big three Japan US UK the rest of it
kind of falls into place I just I don't know you know I honestly think that I
would love to see something like that go worldwide so that you know I have a lot
of friends overseas you know I would really like to be able to sit down and
play my games with my friends overseas if we can overcome the eight-hour time
difference but other than that you know I think it would be I'm really hoping
that that's their goal see it's thought-provoking truly epic oh my um
also coming up mm-hmm release dates sweet because we like release dates
because that means that stuff goes out so coming up on the 17th Frogger helmet
chaos coming out on the DS this is again you can use guilty gear isuka I code
being re-released on PS2. We have Mark Echo's Getting Up content under pressure, Shadow
of the Colossus, Shaman King Master of Spirits 2, SpongeBob SquarePants blah blah blah blah.
Was that, did that blah blah blah stand for SpongeBob SquarePants who really gives a fuck?
Exactly. And this is coming, it's the Yellow Avenger. I love SpongeBob but I could care
less about the games. I'm like whoopty shit. Yeah, exactly. Also Super Monkey Ball Touch
enroll which makes me happy Tom Clancy's rainbow six lockdown also coming out
there's actually one on the 19th which is too tough mission Nadia on DS and
since um we're gonna have a couple of issues with a you know show next week
I'll go ahead and point to a few on the 24th uh-huh this is just the ones that
that actually sort of pointed out in my head.
Alien Hominid on the PC.
America's Army, Rise of the Soldier on Xbox,
Unk, Black, Bust-A-Move DS, Crash Day, EverQuest 2,
Galactic Kingdoms 2, Colum, Mega Man, Maverick Hunter X,
which I recommend to everybody in the universe to play
because it's awesome.
NARC, Omnimusha 3, Panzer Elite Action, and Project Zero 3.
We also have Sea World Adventure,
Chum is deep-sea adventure
Loki what's going on with you or was that it? I'm sorry. We're you gonna do another week there. No, all right
We'll go over to Loki for the u.s. Counterpart. What's coming up in the u.s. Release dates
Lots of fun stuff my favorite full autos finally coming out on the Xbox 360
we've also got
Actually some of the very similar ones you
super monkey ball
touch
The one for the DS which would be really cool. We've got I believe mark echoes getting up
Supposedly is coming out. Hopefully because it keeps getting delayed
Drakon guard too, which would be pretty sweet and
I believe
Those are the big ones for that week actually not there's a lot of smaller stuff
But that's the main we don't care about the small stuff. They're all be tight unless there's a sleeper hit in there
but then we'll talk about it later.
Well, Dragon Guard II is going to be pretty sweet, I mean, everyone remembers the first
one.
No, I didn't.
I never played it.
Fine, it's like Panzer Dragoon crossed with Dynasty Warriors type of thing.
So you have dragon combat and lots of, you know, people versus one person type of thing,
and it'll be pretty cool.
Sounds good.
Alright, so let's go back over to Matt to talk about an old classic title coming back
for a new resurgence what's going on here lemmings everybody remembers lemmings oh heck
yeah lemmings i used to draw lemmings lemmings lemmings was awesome i used to have the old
uh super nintendo one and it was also on the pc i had like super lemmings or something
which wasn't as good but the game got kind of hard pretty quick i think maybe that's
what it was i had on pc lemmings too i don't know so what's up with lemmings lemmings is
is available for free to play over the Internet. What? What'd you say? Yes, you can actually,
it's programmed in dhtml and you can play it if you have a pretty decent PC. Anyways,
just head on over to www.elizium.nu slash scripts slash lemmings. Okay, I have a feeling
this isn't endorsed by the official company, is it? Probably not. This isn't a domain that's
I'm kind of thinking this isn't endorsed by the original company.
But basically all you need is just a modern browser, you know, it'll work with most recent
versions of Internet Explorer, Mozilla, and Opera.
And a 500 plus megahertz processor, which, you know, if you've got any computer that's
like within this decade, you probably can run this, so sweet.
Some comments from the chatroom there, www.orangelaundry.com.
Tomokun says, that's my earliest gaming memory is Lemmings, aww.
And then vxjasonxv, holy futs, awesome.
Just some people doing the bard makes a little XD face over Lemmings, so definitely a title
that's fond, very fond with some people.
If I may say so, I'd also like to give a shout out to the bard.
We were college roommates.
Wow, alright, cool.
I'm glad you finally got to listen to the show.
Okay. Oh now look that we lost Loki. He's over there playing lemmings. Look at that. Stop it. Stop it, but turn off the crack
Remember it only hurts the ones you love and you eventually because you'll have lose liver function from playing lemmings
Oh and somebody had to make the real bad pun
Xander in our chat room just started singing we are the lemmings on the run that you know the song from in the groove
I forget it
Nerd, all right
Moving on, I want to talk about this story. This is kind of interesting.
A solitaire game got a New York City worker
fired this week. Here's what happened. Office assistant
Edward Greenwood IX, if you can believe it,
was going over papers at his desk when the mayor, Michael Bloomberg,
made the rounds and he was with a photographer and posing for pictures and
stuff.
The mayor got to Greenwood and they shook hands and the photographer snapped
the photo but the mayor noticed that
Greenwood had a game of solitaire up on the screen after the picture was taken
so the guy got fired for playing solitaire
and Bloomberg said the workplace is not an appropriate place for games
it's a place where you've got to do the job that you're getting paid for
Greenwood's response, Greenwood by the way earned
$27,000 a year and had worked in the office for six years.
He said, it wasn't like I spent hours and hours a day playing because I had plenty to
do.
If I had been working at something exhaustively for two hours, I might get a cup of coffee
and play for a minute, but then go right back to my work.
He also said in the interview that he kept his playtime to his one hour lunch or during
his quick breaks when he needed a moment of distraction, or it sounds like in there then
he said maybe he'll play for a minute and get back into his work.
So two things that surprised me about this story.
One, he only made $27,000 a year
and he lives in the New York City area.
My God.
He's probably living in a really crap apartment.
Wow, I'm sorry to hear that, buddy,
because that's not a great salary.
I mean, I thought people in that area had to make more,
so I'm sorry, dude.
But what do you think?
The second part that's surprising is that,
is this just a case of bad timing?
Was the mayor just trying to save his butt
because he got a, you know, somebody snapped a picture
He didn't want making an example of him. I guess you know, you know at my work
We actually have an internet workstation set up just for you steering brakes
But they've actually been really cracking down about they don't even put the games on our systems. They're removed from our whole setup
A lot of places are cracking down about having private files on on your computer about even your desktop wallpaper
right you know it's really these computers are for work use only right if
you want to play a game do it during your break and bring a Game Boy with you
you know that's what I do I play my DS in the break room it's you know what you
talk about kind of like the managed application network and that's a very
similar thing at the place where I work is that they don't have solitaire and
stuff because it's a managed application distribution system so you only have
access to the programs that you need but one of those programs in my company you
need to do your job is Internet Explorer. And of course, people find their way over
to games.yahoo and some of that other stuff and they play Bejeweled and stuff. So I see
people doing this on their breaks at my work a lot.
Those are blocked at my work.
Interesting.
What they need to understand is he was playing Solitaire, and he's fired for playing Solitaire
because Solitaire is a crappy game. And the mayor was trying to make an example, if you're
going to play games at my work, god damn it, it's not going to be this piece of shit game.
You better play Minesweeper. You need to be playing Minesweeper.
Solitaire is so
1990 okay, I think it's just as the simple fact that and actually this is an issue
I have about the American workplace in general, you know, I believe that it's in them
I want to say in the Netherlands they offer you something like four months mandatory mandatory vacation
No four weeks mandatory vacation time you are required by law right to take your vacation, right?
Here, you can roll over your vacation to the next year,
store it up, but you can only retain like five days of it
or something like that.
You know, they focus on time is productivity
instead of healthy workers are more productive workers.
What about the guy's concept of a micro break
where he says, you know, I just do it for a minute.
I mean, in a productivity world,
let's say, I don't know what this guy's job was,
but let's say he was in an environment where he had,
let's say you work a job where you process applications
and you have to do fifty applications a day. As long as I'm meeting my fifty
applications a day,
where's the harm in a little solitaire here and there? Well, it's like the people
at various places that I've been at are rewarded for having over
100% productivity.
I, on average, have over 100% productivity, and I get up
all the time and, you know, go to the bathroom. You're a total slacker.
I'm not a slacker. But just the thing is,
that really gets me about that, in a lot of places new hire training will
actually say take a take a five-minute break for every hour that you look at
the computer ergonomics people will tell you this rest your eyes every every you
know hour or so for about five minutes so that you will not cause permanent
damage that's why we have such a high rate of people who have to go into the
doctor and go and stress leave and on medication you bring you bring up a very
good point because I I'm a corporate trainer is what I do for a living and I
I teach big classes that usually go on
for a several week period,
and I usually tell my students,
look, on your breaks, you shouldn't be on the internet,
because I allow them to do it when they're on their breaks,
but I say, you know what, you really need to go up,
go outside, walk around the building,
go get coffee or something, get away from the computer,
because this is where you are the rest of the day,
and to kind of support that,
and then, of course, I totally go against what I say,
because I have to catch up on my own emails
during break usually, but you know what they do, though,
sometimes, and I've seen people do this,
is that I've seen people will be,
I don't catch them on it, but I know they're doing it,
because I'll walk around and suddenly somebody
hits a button real fast and it looks like
their screen flickered.
I know what they're doing.
They're taking down the game they were just playing
or the email they were just writing.
People get sneaky with this stuff.
It's very interesting.
It's the corporate technology world.
It's just the whole thing.
People will work through their breaks.
I know lots of people who just work through their breaks
because they're so worried about their level
productivity about not having enough hours in the day to you know get their
work done who work overtime without getting paid for it take your break I
was getting migraines daily at work when I was working that way and I was upset
with my job now I take a break I go play video games in the break room I play on
my DS my level of stress has gone down considerably I haven't been as sick you
know people need to take that time for themselves that's why I think that
having you know a portable game system with you at work. Wait a minute though, you're going from
looking at a computer screen to looking at a DS
isn't that? But the fact is that you are not working. Okay.
You are. It's a different focus in your eyes I guess. It's a different focus. It is something, it is non
stressful work. I mean it's not necessarily work but you're
you're giving yourself a new distraction that is allowing your mind to think in a
different direction.
Loki, I'm curious if you have anything to add to this because you work in an
environment where it is about games and you guys are
part of your job is being familiar with video games, which is kind of interesting.
Yeah, I read a lot of sites, but usually while I'm
working, I'll spend the first half an hour a day checking up on all the news sites
and posting them on our forums. But still, though, I have to know all the stuff that's
going on because
like, I'll find out what date changes before we even hear about them.
You know, I'll be like, hey, they just made a press release that this has changed dates,
check into it, and then we'll get the update for it.
Or, well also then, we usually take our 15 minute breaks in a 6 player deathmatch in
Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, so.
I can't really comment on the going outside and getting coffee and stuff.
I have to go to the chat room because the chat room is just lighting up with feedback
on this here.
Bugs in our chat room, he says, if there's a flippin' photo shoot in your cube, close
that shit.
That's true.
being corrected by SSJ 100 Matt who says you can live fine in New York City
making $30,000 a year so I stand corrected on that I I thought I always
thought the cost of living was way way higher there but I guess you know New
York City is a great place so I guess it's one of those things we're like you
know if you can sacrifice see I need my space I need a huge apartment so but
you can sacrifice a little bit of that then you know it works out so I hope
nobody was offended by that comment cuz I really didn't mean any offense I was
just really surprised I thought you really had to make I was gonna have more
I have a friend who just moved to New York about maybe six months ago who was complaining about
Having a one-bedroom apartment for you know paying 1200 for it, which is what I pay for a house. Yeah, yeah, so it's interesting
Let's see I like this mini me 283 says you know once upon a time solitaire used to be played with real cards
Very good point you got to be what if he had actually had the cards out on his desk
Would it would the same thing have happened if he had had playing cards out on his fired?
Do you think he would have still been fired? Yeah? I don't think he would have been I
I think you would have been, because it's still a use of company time.
Interesting.
Let's see. Back in the day we used to play Minesweeper with real mines.
Hitstun says, yeah, don't use the work PC for games, use something else like a cell
phone.
Because a lot of cell phones have games, so even if you don't have a DS, you probably have a cell
phone.
We have to have our cell phones put away. It would depend on your work environment, because
you're in a call center type area, right? Well, no, I don't work at the call center.
I work over
in one of our production departments.
Very interesting. But I did get
permission to text message my mother all day when Hurricane Katrina hit.
Well, that stuff's different, you know, obviously. And you want to know what? I still had a
hundred and ten percent productivity that day.
Wow. Alright, moving on.
Now you're just bragging. You're a show-off over there. No, it means that you can
still take time for yourself and still get all your work done.
Alright, one thing that Jamie has plenty of time for, can still get all her work
done is checking our mailbag over at OrangeloungeRadio.com
Send us emails, we love getting emails. It's mailbag
at OrangeloungeRadio.com and when you guys send in your emails
DarkSakura reads them and then she'll print some of the ones she likes out
and put them on her fridge. I post them in my cubicle. And then she'll throw darts at them.
Yeah, uncertain ones. Alright, so let's go over to the mailbag, open that stuff up over
there
And see what you folks have to say this week dark Sakura. What's in the mail bag this week?
I have once again received a bajillion emails, so I'm taking the eight most relevant ones. Oh, it's a lot
Let's get started. Okay first room Chupa thingy. I love that name. That's cool
I I received feedback last week that I need to stop saying hi so and so so I'll just I'll just kind of smile
Yo, what up know that when Jamie read your name? I'm smiling instead of saying hi Chupa things
so I'll just I'm smiling hey Griff chupa thingy all right okay read the
email all right man you don't snap me today I would like to say I'm fed up
with Joseph Lieberman's crap I've written emails to my state senators max
I'm trying to pronounce that Bacchus and Conrad Burns asking them not to buy into
senator Lieberman's ideals and to reject video game banning laws I don't know if
I will get a form letter or not however even if nothing is done about it it was
still worth the effort keep fighting the good fight that is very good you know
for all the people who just sit and go I don't like this yeah do something about
it you've got senators write them you know you want your voice heard you need
to make it heard agreed I have nothing else say agreed so a bajillion kudos go
to you that's awesome a winner is you also our dear friend Rob the one that's
Not you.
Yeah, I know.
The other Rob.
Rob with two B's.
That's how you know the difference.
Rob with two B's.
Rob with two B's.
Sent a list of vaporware from 2005.
Which I think is pretty cool.
And I am loading it as it was a link in the email.
But some of the ones that came up,
there was the Optimus keyboard.
There were,
They actually said the PowerBook G5 was ineligible.
Wait, so clarify this for me.
This is like a list.
It's like the top.
I seem to remember I read a similar article, or maybe it was even the same one, just inadvertently
this week.
It was something like a top list of the top vaporware we didn't see or something like
that.
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
I get it.
Number 10 was the high definition TiVo and TiVo to go for Mac.
Number nine, AlphaGrip ergonomic keyboard and trackball, which actually looks kind of
neat but it like it was way too looks too unwieldy and next up soon as it
loads by the way this is on wired news a blu-ray or HD DVD discs for the end of
2005 which we didn't see Team Fortress 2 Brotherhood of Arms Legend of Zelda
Twilight Princess thank you that was number six should be number one well
let's see what we'll see what else they came up with well you know we all drooled
over that at E3.
What is number one, Loki?
What do you think number one is before we get there?
I would say probably Duke Nukem Forever since it's been in production for ten years.
But see, it's the running gag now.
You don't put that on a two.
Alright, keep going.
Let's see, we'll find out.
Okay, number five, Starcraft Ghost.
Number four.
Oh, good call.
Yeah.
Number four, Microsoft's Vista and Internet Explorer 7.
However, in its defense, the beta for 7 did come out last year.
And I'm hearing Firefox is still better.
I know the same thing because I was up on the beta for a little bit.
It's still crap.
Three, Google, betas galore.
Oh, that's true. Their email is still considered beta, isn't it?
Gmail is still beta. Frugal is still beta. Alerts, blog search, book search, scholar.
Google News is the last beta left, but it was still beta in 2005.
Good point then. Okay, that's a good one.
Also, um, we're up to number two
phantom
The phantom not a surprise. But yeah, we all expected that and number one, you know what here have another cookie
Cuz number one is Duke Nukem forever. No, I
Stand corrected no cookie for me. Just kidding. Give me a damn cookie
I know my cookies. These are my sugar-free gluten-free cookies. Give me a cookie. They're actually pretty yummy. Yeah, it tastes like dough. All right
So, yeah, um
Excuse me
back to the
lovely fantastic and mystical world of email
Krispy Kreme writes in and said okay. So once the actual subject of this is personal game rules
Okay, so every once in a while, I'll play Naruto 3 for PS2 with my brother, and we've set up this rule where you can't push someone into a corner and attack them continually, preventing them from moving.
I was wondering if you guys have any rules you set up with whoever you play with to make the game fair.
No snaking!
I was just thinking the same thing. No snaking on Mario Kart DS.
Ooh, gosh, that's so broad.
Do not pull up people's radishes in Animal Crossing.
There's so many different games I could think of.
of, you know there's general courtesy laws that come with a lot of MMOs, certainly, you
know, things about courtesy, like, you know, especially in a group, you know, even though
I was kind of ragging on the group element of Final Fantasy XI earlier, to kind of go
back there for a little bit, Final Fantasy XI has such a heavy grouping element that
it's like, you know, everybody has their role and so and so pulls these kind of monsters
and there's thrust there.
When the white mage says, get your ass over here, you do it.
Exactly, exactly, those types of things.
So I'm trying to think of games like Mario Party and stuff.
If we were talking board games, I'd have a lot, because we change the rules on board
games all the time, but video games, it's harder to change the rules.
Every so often when we play Super Smash Brothers Melee, we call a no sleep rule.
Oh, you can't use the Jigglypuff thing?
Yeah.
Okay.
Alright, well those are some good ones.
And there's actually, sometimes we play with a no Jigglypuff rule at all, because Jigglypuff's
annoying.
I'll keep an eye on the chatroom while you read the next email.
I usually end up not being allowed to play Kirby.
Cause I piss people off when I play Kirby.
People get pissed off when I play Ness cause I sit in the corner and go
P.K. Fire! P.K. Fire! P.K. Fire! P.K. Fire!
P.K. Fame!
Alright.
Um, I also got one that was actually sent to mailbox but it's supposed to be mailbag.
Um.
That's right cause our awesome webmaster Jason digs that stuff out of the black hole of death
where those emails go to when they go to the wrong address and forwards them appropriately.
So thank Jason.
there's a an email sent more about
flowers for Jack okay I'm just
making a mention on oh yeah we have flowers for Jack stuff coming up later
so
yeah so I'm gonna leave that just that you know what
forget him I am only addressing it for the sake of
he just pisses me off so much alright so that email gets tossed
sorta and we also have
um, an email from um,
and he wanted me to do the name a certain way, from uh,
Happyda. It's a pretty long email so I'm just gonna go over,
I'm gonna quote certain points on it. Says, hey guys, love the new format, I listen when I'm
at work and it's gotten pretty tough to find
enough quality podcasts to get me through the whole day, especially since
Air America has gone to charging for its podcasts.
Did they really? I guess so. Not smart, not smart.
And the fact that we've extended the podcast at least another hour is great more for me. That's what he says
I'm curious as to what this music-oriented gaming show was all about
Being a strictly podcast listener for the past year so I can never catch it live with my schedule
We're looking into options about putting out the old shows either for
Consumption on some type of archive like CD DVD the problem is because there was a lot of copyrighted music that came with that
So it's kind of hard for us to do that. We are also looking into possibilities possibly
syndicating our show we don't really run the archives with DDR freak anymore
because our shows podcast so kind of defeats the purpose but we may look into
a syndication agreement with somebody at some point for the earlier episodes
anything is possible also with us possibly being gone next week we don't
have a contingency plan in place just yet because we live week to week just
like we live paycheck to paycheck so we may have a best of so you can hear some
of the highlights from the live show I think that might actually be a really
good idea to put together some of our highlights from the old three-hour show
like because you know there's still people that haven't heard Loki play
karaoke revolution and we need to put that out to the podcast masses I'm glad
I wasn't in San Diego sleeping in the Harry Potter closet um you know what
it's I think this new format we stay on topic a lot more than we did with the
old one but that can be seen as either a good thing or a bad thing so I don't
I don't know.
That's all I have to say about that for now.
Hopefully you'll be able to see it later on.
Those files are not deleted.
They're out there.
We've been trying to collect them.
There's some episodes that did, for whatever reason,
get lost forever, but we have folks,
we have diehard listeners like Misty and Angel or two,
I think, off the top of my head,
and I think Jaded, to some extent, too,
that purposely archived the live stuff and saved them all
and are trying to build up archives.
So post something on the forums.
You might be able to find somebody
who's willing to share some old stuff,
and we're okay with that if you wanna bootleg it.
Well the second paragraph pertains to you.
Uh oh.
Anyway to the topic at hand,
well not really a topic I guess,
I just wanted to point out that Rob has in fact
mentioned he was gay during last year's E3.
Which is true, you did.
Oh, okay.
It was on stage during Jay Allard's keynote speech
when he rushed on stage and yelled,
okay now I'll be serious.
That one cracked me up.
I think it was when he was talking about
getting some autographs from fans of the G4 people
and I'm pretty sure it was Morgan Webb
what she told the autographs it wasn't for him and she said jokingly something
along the lines of sure as any just wanted a picture of her or something
nothing too important but you guys were bitching about consistency in World of
Warcraft so I thought I'd call you guys on it I guess I stand corrected but also
do realize our show we weren't on iTunes when we did the e3 thing we weren't on
iTunes I don't think because iTunes happened in June I want to say and
And that's, for all the podcasts,
when iTunes rolled out their podcast name,
I think that's when a lot of these shows got huge,
so maybe that's why I think a lot of people,
because I did get a lot of emails from people
who didn't know it before, so, you know, whatever, I don't.
No, she means we don't pay attention to you.
I don't know, whatever.
It's a little detail, I mean, okay.
So I got served by a listener, whatever, I don't care.
Next up, anyhow, on the topic of emulation and finding ROMs,
not that everyone here would do such an evil thing,
I've heard you can find a lot of great ROM sets via torrent sites.
In fact, most everything on there are complete sets for different ROM systems.
Something too complete if you're not interested in foreign games that are basically the same
thing or you can't understand the language anyway.
You might be pretty successful in finding the odd cult classic or insanely popular ROM
here and there, but 90% of the time, they're sets.
Just wanted to throw out some info, as I totally agree with you that ROM sites are 9 times
out of 10 BS sites just trying to get more votes on useless topless hits on
their hentai banners talk about the total scum sites of the internet like
the bottom of the barrel sites the just hideously horrible things on the
internet I can't think of enough negative words to describe these sites
are these top so-and-so sites I shouldn't label all because maybe
there's a couple that are okay but I'm you know what I'm talking about you know
like top 50 ROM sites top 10 Nintendo ROM sites top 69 porno sites you know
it's it's I what about banners banners banners banners I will go ahead and name
one of the sites I go through for old searches sure as a so far as domain as a
far net yeah yeah pH AR I'm still going as last I checked one of the best and
ROMNation.net
I believe
.net.com
I remember surfing Zofar's domain
like when Zofar was actually still there
years and years ago
I remember the International House of ROMs
Alright, anyway
Before we age ourselves
I do have one request and that is just call me
Happyda, as in
email address, I'm not gonna list
I don't want to have the ladies to start stalking
me from my lead emailing skills
But please give a shout out to ARC and tell everyone to give some damn blood for goodness
sakes.
Free cookies and pop.
It's a win-win for everyone.
Wait a minute.
Is that a local thing or?
It's someone who actually emailed from the Red Cross.
Oh.
Red Cross worker.
Wow.
Sweet.
So, that's a...
Because that acronym made me think of something local.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
ARC.
My college.
get it okay I get it now whoo so yeah but that mean actually I find that very
cool I actually am not allowed to get blood anymore why because I actually
tested positive for certain antibodies hmm that means I can't get blood anymore
that and I hallucinated well you'll just have to give a lot of sweat and tears
instead all right I will they'll be happy to accept your cookie donations
all right that it that's that's all the mail well I'm actually one of our
listeners Justin wanted to know the name of the title we use for the FUs of the Week.
It's the one wing angel theme from Final Fantasy Advent Children.
Yes, and the FUs of the Week will be coming up in the next segment.
And last one?
Yep.
It's a message from, I'm going to go by Jaded.
Well, you may have already gotten some of this already.
Actually, I know you have gotten some of this before, but it's on the whole video game thing.
There's an article I found on Slashdot that might be interesting.
pulling that up. Video gaming keeps the brain from aging and is basically
stating that a body of research suggests that playing video games provides
similar benefits to bilingualism and exercising the mind. Just as people
fluent in two languages learn to suppress one language while speaking the
other, so too are gamers adept at shutting out distractions to deftly
switch attention between different tasks. A new study of a hundred university
students in Toronto has found out that video gamers consistently outperform
their non-playing peers in a series of tricky mental tests.
If they also happened to be bilingual, they were unbeatable.
I actually have found similar studies to that effect.
There was one in one of the psychological journals that I was reading when I was stuck
in my doctor's office that they let me keep.
It was talking about how gamers have a better grasp of multitasking and puzzle, basically,
problem solving skills.
I'm all for stories that say games can make you smart
But I do think it really depends on what kind of games you're playing too. That's a huge part of it. So anyway
Alright, so is that it for the mailbag? Was that eight? Yep. We're good. All right, you want to send in good
I want to send in some email mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
let's close up the old mailbag and get back into some news and
One more thing for you guys before we go to break this kind of relates to an email bag question because it
that asked about what was the music gaming live show like.
This is a story that definitely would have been brought up on that show.
We're not turning our back on the music game scene.
We know a lot of you guys are still listening.
We love music games, love them, love them.
What's going on with DDR Extreme, the little title, DDR Extreme?
Yeah, everybody, you know, remembers, you know, similar kind of thing with the hot coffee
with stuff that's left in the game that not supposed to be in there, but it was in there
like people found memories and people were like wondering, how the hell are we gonna
unlock memories?
And for those who don't know, Memories is a song that was in the arcade that should
have been in the home version but wasn't.
Yes.
Well, there has been a code breaker code released for it and this code breaker is kind of like
a GameShark type of device where you use it for cheating.
you just enter this code in and it's 2A59D741F1A5E096. Enter that in on a version 7.0 or higher code
record because most of them are higher than that. And it will unlock memories. Everything
including it being in the song wheel, actually having unlock information in the information
scream all you have to do is save your game and you're done it's permanently
unlocked Wow I want to know how somebody found that how did somebody find that
code carefully I guess I guess so well kudos to you and kudos to Aaron Japan
where way to squeeze out an extra song from DDR extreme which came out what two
years ago now yeah yeah all right hey it's increased playability all right now
Now I'm eating cookies over here. You're gonna make me fat, Dark Sakura.
No, I'm not. These are healthy cookies, huh?
Okay, these cookies are the most awesome cookies in the universe,
because they're no sugar added, no trans fat, and taste great.
I shop at the natural food store.
Alright. Well, we're gonna go to a quick break here and eat some more cookies,
and we'll be back in a little while with part B of our podcast.
All information on this website is purely information and should not be used as the
the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
