Hello everyone, this is Loki, it is Sunday, February 19th.
This is episode 175, part 1 of 3 episodes that will be coming out this week and next.
Dark Sakura and Sky are out this week. Sky is on the East Coast cosplaying it up. And
Dark Sakura is off visiting relatives. Anyways, it's been a crazy week. I'll start off like
we start off every episode with telling you how my gaming week was. Basically this week
has been only one game and that game is full auto. I'm about halfway through the game and
what can I say so far? It is frustrating. The game is really fun. It does have a lot
of really good graphic elements to it, plus it combines both Twisted Metal and Burnout,
which are some of my favorite games.
Definitely one of those games that you're going to need to have a lot of patience for.
It does get extremely hard towards the end of the game, and it's really, I've been yelling
and throwing controllers, so definitely something to think about, but one of the best ones for
the 360 so far.
Anyways, let's start things off here.
First up, we've got some news here coming out from Capcom's Gamer Day and basically
this is kind of a press only event that they have here.
They've announced a lot of different games coming out this week.
Let's start off here.
We've got Capcom's classic collection remix which is kind of a reiteration of the collection
that they had on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox now for the PSP.
One of the other games that we had coming out which is pretty sweet is Capcom Puzzle
World and it actually has a bunch of really cool games in it.
The first one being Puzzle Fighter, one of my all time favorite games for the Playstation
2 and Arcade.
The other thing that they've got is Block Block and Buster Brothers.
So if you're a really big puzzle fan that's going to be one that you're looking for.
That's going to be coming out looks like on the PSP which is going to be pretty sweet.
One of my other favorites that came out of that is going to be the Power Stone collection.
Now for those of you who haven't played Power Stone, it's actually a pretty sweet arcade
game.
It came out in the Dreamcast for a little bit.
They had a one and two.
And it's a three on three, just slugfest basically.
You collect these different gems that make you super powerful and you can pull off different
moves.
Well they actually are bringing out the collection now on the PSP, which is going to have ad-hoc
multiplayer as well as a bunch of minigames. So that's definitely going to be one to look
forward to. What was missing though was some of the bigger names in the games of course.
That would be Resident Evil 5 and Devil May Cry 4. Unfortunately those weren't looks like
ready at the time. They did have a big push behind their next gen games, Lost Planet and
upcoming mech assault for the Nintendo DS, or actually it's mech assault style shooter
for the 360.
It's kind of neat, it's kind of a, it reminded me a bit of a Resident Evil with mechs in
there so it should be pretty sweet, and of course Dead Rising, the complete rip off of
Dawn of the Dead, but still going to be a pretty cool game.
And finally, one of the last games, also an old time favorite, is Ultimate Ghosts and
Goblins, which is definitely a throwback to the original side scrolling game.
They've added a few different things this time.
You can actually use a shield and they have a magic system in there as well.
Should be pretty sweet.
Definitely a lot of support for the PSP this time around and a couple 360 games, so worth
checking out.
Let's see, also another thing that wasn't really announced but they showed a little
bit of it.
Street Fighter II on Xbox Live, it's actually rumored to be coming out now on February 26th
and this comes to us from GameSpot actually and should be pretty sweet.
Definitely one of the best games on Xbox Live Arcade.
Now I'm not sure if that date's accurate but we should see you here pretty soon.
Finally to kind of coincide here with the Xbox Live stuff, we've got a few more updates
coming to some of the games that are already out.
One of them being co-op over Xbox Live for Cameo which should be interesting.
I'm not sure how that's going to make the game any better but should be pretty fun anyways
and also some more multiplayer maps for Perfect Dark Zero which should be pretty cool as well.
That game I actually haven't even touched since I bought it but here it's a pretty good
game.
Now let's see here, some other stuff coming to the 360 later on, the first thing is going
to be Bomberman Act Zero, which is, you know, your favorite Bomberman type of game, except
this time he's basically on steroids and is taking it from a little cartoon character
to some hardcore first person Bomberman game. Definitely a different take on the whole series,
but should be pretty cool. Alright, now to kind of pull it back into what we used to
talk about, which would be a lot of music gaming, we have Guitar Hero, which is rumored
to be coming to the Xbox 360 as well.
That's right, Guitar Hero is coming to the Xbox 360.
Red Octane's Dean Ku told MCV, I think Guitar Hero would be a great game on other platforms
as a Playstation 2 and Xbox 360.
We're exploring other opportunities.
That sounds like a lot of rumor to me, but it should be still pretty interesting.
One game we do know that is coming out on the 360 is going to be Phantasy Star Universe.
It should be really cool.
actually going to be having where you can interact with the other consoles and be able
to transfer your character online.
Different stats are going to be saved on the Sega servers and should actually appear on
the 360 which is going to be a few months after the PS2 installment.
So definitely going to be another good MMO for the 360 since we don't have any right
Now we have Final Fantasy XI, which is going to be kind of borderline okay, more of a port
than anything.
So speaking of the 360, we do have some news regarding the Xbox shortages.
This time they are blaming the memory chip makers, and one in particular, Infineon, having
trouble making the right speed chips.
Peter Morra refused to blame any one particular supplier, but he did blame the shortages on
the component shortages. So, you know, take it as you want, but I think it's a big excuse.
Anyways, speaking of the 360 a little bit more, one of the interesting developments
that's actually come out of one of the recent edition of the Xbox Magazine is DirecTV coming
to the 360. What they're talking about is actually being able to download episodes on
to your 360 or possibly being able to use as a DVR, which they've actually were talking
about during this year's CES, so it should be interesting.
I'm not sure if this is going to sell any more systems as it is, it's going to be hard
enough to manufacture the ones that they have.
Now speaking about delays, we've got to go to another system here, this one being the
GameCube, and the delay this time is going to be Twilight Princess, and unfortunately
you know it was supposed to come out back in November, now it was being pushed back
to May.
This time is going to be coinciding with the launch of the revolution and that's going
to be all the way into November again.
One whole year wait for this game.
Now that's really interesting that they're going to be launching a next gen system with
a current gen title, but it is official, you know, straight from the mouth of the head
of Marketing, Reggie Fils-Aime, told, basically, this guy Jeff Knightley, that the long-awaited
GameCube title, Legends of the Twilight Princess, will be released this fall, and, you know,
one can only hope that, because of these rumored features that are going to be in the game,
we're going to be able to use the revolution controller for the sword and shield and that
type of stuff.
It'll be interesting to see, you know, the revolution's going to be, you know, definitely
a really good system and the fact that the price point is going to be cheap as well but
hopefully we're not going to see current gen stuff on this system and hopefully they are
going to be pushing the envelope a little bit.
Now speaking about the revolution, Tekko's first revolution game has been revealed and
the game actually is going to be sort of a mini golf affair.
Definitely interesting, it's coming out here.
Looks like the game's going to be entitled Pangya, and it's very interesting looking,
very current-gen looking though, but it's got an interesting cast of characters, and
I don't know what more you can do with a mini-golf game, but I guess you're sort of a hot-shots
golf type of game, so should be pretty cool.
Also on the Nintendo front, they've announced a web browser for the DS as well as a TV tuner.
The web browser is going to be based on Opera and will support most web features except
for Macromedia Flash, and it will be released in Japan in June for roughly $32.
Well, it's pretty sweet that it looks like they're supporting the DS with a web browser.
I really think that's going to be a good addition to it.
Now, on the topic of Sony here, a few things were announced about the PS3.
The first being the PS3 online service to be called Sony Hub.
This service is supposed to mimic the service of Xbox Live and is supposed to be comparable
if not exceeding that of what is on Xbox Live.
Well, we'll have to see about that since, you know, Sony's plan for action for their
online service has been very lacking, especially with the PlayStation 2.
Other things, you know, talking about Sony here, the PS3 is definitely not going to have
a hard drive.
Yes, a hard drive will be available, but not sold with the system.
They're mainly doing this to keep the cost down on the system, which right now, analysts
are saying is going to be upwards of $800 per unit.
Now whether this is actually going to be passed on to the consumer, that is, you know, us
to see, I guess, when it eventually comes out.
Now the main cost of the unit right now is the Blu-ray drive which is costing about $350.
No word on what the official price is, it's going to be when this thing launches but hopefully
it's not going to be too expensive.
One game though that is going to be coming out for the Playstation 3 and a favorite is
Hot Shots Golf V.
It is confirmed for the Playstation 3 and looks pretty sweet.
Don't know how well next-gen graphics are going to do for this game but still a really
fun game.
Now one thing we are going to be looking at though is seeing how well the system launches
and Sony is expecting shipments for the Playstation 3 to be in 2006 and they're definitely saying
that there's not going to be any shortages.
Well promises promises, we'll have to see though.
Now as far as other games coming out for the Playstation 3, you have your normal big hits
It's for the PlayStation SoCom.
The series is going to see its fourth edition for the PlayStation 3.
This is actually going to be at E3 this year.
Should be pretty interesting.
Of course, not a surprise to most people, God of War 2 is also slated for the PlayStation
3.
Whether it's going to be a launch title or not, that is to be seen.
It should be pretty interesting though.
Now as far as other next gen systems, one system that's going to be coming out eventually
is going to be the Playstation Portable 2 and Samsung says it's actually in the works
right now.
They're making more flash memory chips for it and it should be interesting that they're
saying that in addition Samsung is making flash memory hard drives instead of a UMD
player for the new PSP.
Now it'll be interesting to see if this is just rumor or if it's actually going to happen.
I know that especially with the larger memory chips, they've actually had problems with
piracy and stuff, so hopefully they'll have that taken care of.
Now I don't know about most of you people, but I know that my games tend to get scratched
pretty bad, and one of the things, you know, especially looking at the Blu-ray discs and
how they're in their own cases, that's going to be pretty cool, whereas you're not going
be able to scratch it as easily and also with the UMD I think it's a really good idea the
way they did that where you can't scratch the CDs as easily.
Well that might not be a worry coming soon.
There's actually a company called Scratchless that is bringing a brand new version of the
CDRs and DVD media to the market.
Right now they're working on technology that is a basically you can do anything with this
and you cannot scratch it.
They have a four micron layer of polymer that's being developed by GE right now, and there
is nothing you can do to scratch this.
And right now, with nearly a million dollars in funding, this should be coming to market
pretty soon in their own line of blank media.
Speaking of DVDs, there was a story this week about Ooey Bull and how he's fed up with the
the gamers and hating on his gaming movies. Well, mainly most of the internet he's fed
up with. Um, the dangerous thing right now is that a lot of people bash me without thinking
about the movies, he says. It's fashionable to hit on a weebull and this is what I don't
get. And I don't get why this comes so harshly from the game press. Well, maybe it's because
your movies suck ass. That's probably why. Now, one of the things he's also mentioned
in the article is that he might actually stop making video game movies. We can only hope
that this will actually happen. But, you know, it's not really a bad thing that games are
being made into movies. Of course, the Silent Hill movie is coming out right now, and it's
going to be a really awesome movie. Also, you know, with games being made right now,
that are more cinematic and more realistic as far as how violent and stuff they are.
It should be no surprise that they're passing a law in Utah that they're, you know, grouping
games in with porn, actually. Utah Representative David Hoge attempts to lump violent games in
with obscene pornography under law that has passed through Utah House Committee by a 7-2 vote.
Basically, the law defines the offending games as those featuring inappropriate violence
and lacking serious literary and artistic, political, and scientific value for minors.
Well, that's pretty vague, and unfortunately, I don't think it's going to be constitutional
and probably won't get put to place, but it'll be interesting to see.
Now speaking of porn, the strangest group of individuals to bash on Grand Theft Auto
has hit the news this week.
Prostitutes are actually calling for a ban of Grand Theft Auto based on the way players
can pick up prostitutes and then kill them and steal their money.
Apparently they didn't think too highly of that.
Now speaking of Grand Theft Auto, take two.
They're in more hot water as it is.
Take 2 is being sued by its shareholders in a class action lawsuit against Take 2 basically
for the loss of money due to the hot coffee incident and they're holding them responsible.
Speaking of bad news, EA is in shock as Black has been leaked to the internet.
That's right, the first person shooter that's going to be probably one of the best games
for February has leaked to the internet, not a huge surprise actually.
But what is a surprise is who they think the culprit is.
They think it's actually one of their employees that they just recently let off.
One of the 350 hardworking employees that stuck the proverbial knife in the back of
EA.
Well, it should be interesting.
Not too surprised though.
The game is slated to hit store shelves though at the end of February, so check it out if
you can legally.
Now on a more positive note, it was announced that Play is going to be seeing one of our
favorite artists out there, and that would be Akira Yamaoka.
He's going to bring Silent Hill Live to Play.
It's going to be actually featured at the Chicago venue.
He'll be accompanied by a full orchestra, and together they'll be performing a wide
selection of music from the Silent Hill series, including the theme of Laura.
So stay tuned.
If you are in the Chicago area, though, you can find tickets for that concert at play-symphony.com.
Also announced this week will be the World Series of Video Games with $1 million in cash
to be given away.
The competition will begin in Louisville, Kentucky at the Kentucky Exposition Center
from June 15th through the 18th, followed by four additional events throughout the year,
ending with the championships in December 2006.
Each event will span 3-5 days and will be open to the public and they'll be sponsored
by Xbox 360 and presented by Intel.
So it should be very interesting to see how big this ends up being.
And finally, I'm going to wrap up the podcast with my topic of stuff that I like talking
about and that would be the hacking and cracking world there.
Starting off with 360gamesaves.com, the website is open now and you can actually exchange
game saves from your 360 with the community online.
They have a FAQ online as well as how to build an interface to transfer those saves from
your Xbox 360 to the internet.
Other rumors are saying that you're going to be able to use this to share and possibly
pirate the Xbox Live arcade games.
Now of course they don't condone the piracy, but they do condone the sharing of the save
So, if you don't feel like beating your Call of Duty 2 or Need for Speed Most Wanted, definitely
check out the website.
That would be xbox360gamesaves.com or actually 360gamesaves.com is what you want to check
out there.
Now, of course, my favorite topic here, the PSP.
One of the games we do have coming out for the PSP is a long time favorite on the PC
and that's going to be the Myst series.
The first game is going to be put out there.
They're going to have bonus content in the form of new adventure scenarios as well as
updating the game's visuals for the PSP widescreen format.
No release date yet for that.
Speaking of the PSP, one of the brand new homebrew emulators that's been brought to
the scene is going to be an Atari Jaguar emulator for the PSP.
Yes, all of those Jaguar owners out there are probably so happy, all five of you.
Should be interesting though, right now the emulator is still very early in development
and doesn't exactly run many carts.
Now at this time of course we want to plug the Orange Lounge Radio PSP website, that
would be at OLRPSP.com and you can check out our podcasts on there as well as check out
the shout line we have on there, our nice little chat feature there.
Now of course if you're more into the instant messaging chat, you'll be happy to know that
AOL Instance Messenger has been brought to the PSP, that's right.
Go to www.aimonpsp.com and you'll actually be able to chat to all your AIM friends straight
on your PSP.
So definitely worth checking out.
And finally, everyone's favorite website this week has definitely been the Katamari Flash
game.
And if you haven't checked it out yet, then what the hell are you waiting for?
You need to go check it out right now.
It's going to be at katamari-demasi.jp slash qa underscore data slash katamari dot html.
So definitely check it out, see how big you can get the katamari there.
It's a lot of fun, at least waste a few minutes of your time.
And finally this week, though, if you're looking for some new games, it's a good week for you.
Got one of the biggest ones of the month coming out, Fight Night Round 3.
It's going to be coming out on the 21st here, so definitely check that out.
Especially on the 360, it looks pretty sweet.
And Sonic Riders as well is going to be coming out, a very good Sonic the Hedgehog racing
game.
simulator racing game Toka race driver 3 is going to be coming out and that game
is amazing you race from everything from big rigs to monster trucks to sprint
cars to even riding lawnmowers so definitely check that out if you're in
the racing games well that's it I hope you enjoyed the solo affair for the
orange launch radio episode 175 part 1 Scott will be coming to you guys
probably a little bit later this week more on Wednesday and Jamie on Sunday so
Hope you enjoyed that. If you have any feedback, feel free to write us at mailbag at orangelauncheradio.com
or my email, which is loki at orangelauncheradio.com. Have a great week and keep on playing.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
Due to other business commitments in our personal lives, Orange Lounge Radio is going on vacation
until March 5.
Don't abandon us though, as the host of Orange Lounge Radio will bring to the podcast
Thank you for listening.
