This week, the playful jobs at Ubisoft continue with Sunset Overdrive offering full customization
no matter the gender you select.
EA CEO has owned up to Battlefield 4's issues, but stopped short of promising that it will
never happen again.
We'll tell you more about all this and more on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live for this, our 557th episode, June the 22nd of 2014.
We're here over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the
gamer lifestyle with me, Rob Roberts, and my co-hosts.
Unfortunately not here tonight, DarkSakura, she has the night off, but here in studio
with me, TechMasterLoki.
I get the comfier chair today.
Yes, you get the upgrade in DarkSakura's little fuzzy chair.
Yeah, throne.
Yeah.
It is appropriate that DarkSakura gets a throne here on the show, but sadly, you're a seat
warmer tonight with her being out, so.
That's fine.
Well, how you doing, Loki?
What's new with you?
Not much.
Yeah?
It's just, uh, I don't know, working on my game in free time and I did like house repairs
today.
Wow.
I repaired a drain in our bathtub.
I got some things that need repairing too, I'm just kidding.
We were talking a little bit before the show tonight about the steam sales, cause you know,
it is that time of year where, or actually it's several times, that biannual time of
year, cause there's two of them usually, the summer and the winter sale.
I know they do, do they normally do a spring sale too?
Do they?
They did, because I remember last year it was the winter and then spring sale.
Oh wow.
Maybe I'm thinking the winter sale, I don't know.
Maybe it's like mini sales or something, I don't know, maybe like a, I feel like there's
a sale around Black Friday, you know, usually, but anyway.
We all know there's a summer sale and a winter sale, right, so, and steam, there's a lot
of stuff always on sale, so there's the huge summer sale going on, but you said, unfortunately
you haven't really got to participate much this year, just cause, you know, you're trying
to look out for the monies, right?
Money and also just, I don't want to buy anything.
I mean, just, I have so much that I've bought before, I haven't played most of it, like
everybody, but you know, there's not really the point of a steam sale, but there's not
really anything that jumps out that like I need to buy it because like most of the things
like are on sale right now, I already own.
So your EP is directly judged by how big your steam library is.
It's 350 games in my library.
What was the last one you played?
I don't know.
Probably sieve four or no sieve.
Was it sieve five?
You don't even know what damn game you play.
No, no.
I'm saying which one you played.
Sieve five.
No, we'll get into that in my gaming.
We played one today.
But no, um, I mean I have, there's a lot of stuff out there, but there's not really anything
new that I'm getting aside from, you know, free games and um, like, uh, no, actually
I should give you, I have a steam code for a game that I have a DRM free copy of, um,
that kickstarted.
It was a rhythm shooter, like a space shooter, but it's a rhythm game sort of.
That'll be one extra inch on my collection.
There you go.
Um, so, but yeah, aside from like stuff that kickstarted that they have, like, you know,
steam codes for, I haven't really been buying any games.
Okay, we'll take that back.
I did buy that bundle at E3, but I only paid a dollar.
I didn't want any, like I said, I don't need the Mortal Kombat arcade collection cause
I just don't, I'm not a big fan of Mortal Kombat, you know, and they have like, now
I have a bunch of random DLC for shit I don't own.
Funny enough, that was the last game I bought before the steam, I bought on Epic on the
steam sale yesterday cause that was the game I had my eye on for a while anyway.
I haven't played it yet, but you know, I will four months from now when I get really
bored.
Right.
Uh, no, hopefully sooner than that.
But before that I bought Mortal Kombat, the, the, the reboot, Mortal Kombat nine or whatever.
No, I guess it really was eight.
I don't know.
Whatever.
You know what I'm talking about?
The reboot Mortal Kombat, uh, was the last thing I bought on steam, even though I already
owned it on PS3, but the steam one was so cheap and it's like, Oh, this one comes with
Freddy Krueger and, and all the other characters, Kenshi and, um, so whatever.
Yeah, they did re-release the Mortal Kombat game.
Uh, they did like a game of the year edition with, yeah, that's what I bought on steam
or whatever it was, but yeah, I mean they've got, you know, like dead rising three look
kind of cool, but I don't think my, I don't think my laptop would run it very well.
So yeah, I just dumped all that money into my new PC.
So I no longer have to worry about, will my computer play this game?
Because the answer is yes, it will, at least for the next year or two, well, I'll be fine.
You know?
Yeah.
I mean, it's just, I don't want to really right now, I'm trying to focus on finishing
my game.
So that's why I haven't been buying anything or playing anything because you know, I don't
want to be distracted from that.
Although I may force myself to actually play something just because I sometimes maybe need
a distraction just to kind of take a break from it, you know, for a little bit.
But I don't know.
I just, there's not really anything new out there that I'm like, Oh, I got to play that.
You know, it's like so brand new, like, Oh, I need to get a copy of that.
Um, well there's having come back off of the E3 episode last week, there were certainly
some games I saw there where I'm like, Ooh, I definitely want to get that one.
That's out, you know, uh, on the PC front, this will surprise nobody, but civilization
beyond earth, uh, looks, um, right up my alley.
Well, yeah, I mean, some of those games are cool, like No Man's Sky and stuff when that
comes out on PC.
Hell yeah, I'd want to pick that up.
But you know, right now there's not really anything like indie that's like super, I mean,
there's a couple like I've seen a Kickstarter stuff that looked kind of cool that maybe
I'll pick up when they come out, but there's not really anything that I like that's out
there right now that's on the marketplace of like, Ooh, I really, really need that.
You know, what I found has been extraordinarily useful for finding new games on steam that
are, you know, things that have not been on my radar, but they're usually indie because
you know, ever since Greenlight started, indies have really, really, really become
very prevalent on steam.
They're doing very well there.
And you know, a lot of them are, are, are really low value, you know, under $10.
Some of them go on sale, they're like $2.50, right?
So what's been really useful for finding a lot of those steam keywords have been like,
I got to say that was actually a really cool feature they implemented because like, you
know, I might be looking at a game's page and then I'll see that the, um, the keywords
on the game are like JRPG or something and I'll be like, Ooh, I wonder, I wonder what
the big selling JRPGs are because you can click on that keyword and then you sort like
what are the top sellers, what are the new or like roguelike or, you know, things like
that.
Like, like categories that the games aren't often sorted into, like, you know, action
adventure sports, you know, you get a little more specific than that, which has been really
good for targeting games.
I think they've got some like super hot, look pretty cool.
Like I'd want to kind of check that out.
There is one, it's a Devolver Digital's new game that they published.
It was, um, I figured it was a, it was a kind of a rogue-like first person shooter game.
I think it's called Bullets or Six Bullets or something like that.
It's a game where you're fighting these monsters.
It's kind of a retro arcade looking title, but, um, you have to go and pick up your bullets
because you only have six bullets.
So you shoot something and you have to go run and pick up your bullet, um, and before
you, more monsters attack you.
So, I don't know, I have to look at some of that stuff, but right now there's not really
anything that jumps up that like I really want to play.
Just mainly because, you know, if there is something like maybe like Arma 3 or something,
which I have Arma 2 and I still haven't fucking touched that game, so I don't know, but, uh,
it looks interesting, but that'd be something I'd want to sink, you know, several hours
into.
Like, I was like, oh, I could get South Park, but I already have it on 360, so I don't really
need to buy it on PC as well, but, ooh, I could get that game, but it wasn't really
marked down that much.
I just, I don't know, there's not really anything that's really jumping out at me.
All right, so I need to introduce our chatters because we do tape live every Sunday night
at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
The time is six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern to catch our show.
That's right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, and of course you can participate live along
with our show at the chat room, which is at live.vognetwork.com because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice, including actdeft, who's clarifying some information
about the sale, saying they used to do a spring sale, but this year they didn't, though the
big sales are summer and winter.
Now some other voices in chat rooms reminding us not to forget about other sites.
You know, we talk Steam, Steam, Steam, Steam, but I see a lot of chatter about Humble Bundle,
although I don't think there's a main Humble Bundle going on right now.
There's always like the weekly as they do those, right?
They have one at the store.
No, they have one going on right now.
They have the games done quick, Humble Bundle, but it's not really a Humble Bundle.
It's like, you know, you have to pay 25 bucks as the minimum to get a bunch of stuff, but
it's like quite a few games.
They're all pretty good.
They have like the Gianna Sisters, Twisted Dreams in there, and there was a bunch of
other ones, and I think Stanley Parable and stuff was a part of that.
So those are pretty good.
There's also like the other non-Humble Bundle sites, like Indie Royale.
Well, I was gonna say, fifth dream in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says GOG,
or Good Old Games, is getting more money from me than Steam this weekend, and DungeonBuster
adding to that.
Good Old Games is having a summer sale, too, for classic titles and some not-so-classic
titles.
Yeah, that's good.
Also, like I said, the Indie Royale, Indie Gala, there's one other one that they have,
too, that's out there.
But those also have, usually it's a lot of like kind of secondary stuff, but you can
get stuff really cheap on there.
They have bundles for three bucks, four bucks, and it's usually like eight games in there.
And of course, there's always gotta be those people that do the anti-sale, right?
Remember Cards Against Humanity on Black Friday jacked the price of their game up by $5, and
people still paid it, right?
But I'm looking in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, our pal Bobby Blackwolf is in there sending
over a tweet from At Fork Parker, who said, all Devolver Digital games are double the
price in Portugal for the next 24 hours, which, if you don't catch the reference, appears
to be a direct response to the World Cup game that just took place, which resulted
in a tie, which I don't follow a lot of soccer if it's not preceded by Mega Man, which I
believe puts the U.S. in a not-so-great position where they have to go up against Germany,
which is really good, too.
I think, yeah, he was saying, though, if U.S. did win the World Cup, that he would give
away a thousand copies of Broforce, but he's like, I'm not actually gonna do that because
they know there's no way they're gonna win or something.
I love his humor.
It's hilarious.
Yeah.
Good times.
Good times.
Let's see here.
So, let's see if there's any other.
Oh, yes, I did have another kickoff topic I wanted to talk about tonight before we got
all on the tangent about steam sales.
You know, we talk about new games here on OLR, but we love classic games, too, right?
Dark Soccer, she always does the classic game of the week, although I'll do one tonight
since she's not here, but we, you know, we try to find the balance between the classics
and the new stuff, right?
So, I love stories like these, and this has been making its way around Facebook and Twitter
and all the social media.
This kind of went viral, so I bet a lot of you guys have seen this.
I don't know if you've seen this, Loki.
A brand new trick discovered in Super Mario Brothers, as in the NES launch title here
in the States, Super Mario Brothers, right, where now there's a new way to get unlimited
one-ups, and we all knew about, like, at the end of a level, you could bounce the Koopa
Troopa on the staircase over and over.
Yeah, it's like 3-1 or 3-1.
Yeah, that's a really hard trick to do, though.
I don't know if I've ever pulled that off successfully.
And you can also, in, you know, the Minus World was something that was discovered, you
know, not long after the game's release and all that stuff.
Well, somebody found a new trick that you can do in the game, and this was something
that I guess was discovered on, like, a YouTuber or whatever.
Keep in mind this game is 30 years old, and what happened is that they were kind of ping-ponging
against Mario and Luigi, and what they found is that, in order to do this, you have to
go through the game one whole time, because this is something you can only get on the
second quest, okay?
You take Player 1's Mario to the second level of the game and throw away your first life.
Then you have Luigi take over and get all the way to World 5-2, but if you're good at
Mario Brothers, you Super Mario Brothers, it shouldn't be too hard for you, right?
And you get to the hidden Beanstalk block that's halfway through the stage.
What you do is Luigi starts climbing the vine, but you wait and then get killed by the Hammer
Brother that's right there.
And what that does is that causes you to get killed while the vine is growing.
So when you switch back from Luigi to Mario, guess what?
The vine keeps growing.
And suddenly this vine appears in World 1-2 at the very beginning, and all you have to
do is you use that to bounce on one of those little beetles, because all the Goombas at
the beginning become beetles in the second quest, and there you go, unlimited 1-Ups.
Now, obviously that's not easy.
It's not an easy thing to do.
It's also very ridiculous considering that you're already to Level 5, or World 5 in the
game, so.
On the second quest.
On the second quest, it's like, I don't care, whatever.
But, you still got to admit, 30 years after the game comes out, finding new bugs and new
glitches and, you know, finding other things beneath the surface is pretty darn cool.
Because obviously with this really convoluted trick, nobody was going to find this right
away.
But it's, you know, still pretty cool.
So.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Any glitches in old games that you always enjoyed?
Like especially when you were younger as a gamer?
Hidden secrets and things?
I don't know.
I just remember, the only one I could think of, it was kind of stupid, but in, was it
GoGlo 13 on the NES, you can make a moonwalk.
Really?
Yeah, you can get it so that the anima- like he's stuck one way and you can move a different
direction so it looks like he's moonwalking.
Nice.
That's kind of fun.
I was always a fan of the custom passwords that were put in games, which I guess was
probably for debug or whatever.
But, you know, you could put like in Metroid, what, Justin Bailey and, you know, have it
underlined or whatever.
You could do the Kid Icarus, you could do what, the Terror, Danger, Horror, god damn
it, I don't remember the- oh I think it's just a bunch of exclamation points is the
last one you put.
So and then that is like, you start part way through the game with this weird configuration
of items and things like that.
So I don't know, I always kind of like that stuff.
Because you know, when those games didn't have save batteries here in the US, you know,
because they were disc system games in Japan, they came over here, they don't have batteries
or whatever, like that was really the only way you could be like, I just want to sit
down and beat the game real quick in one sitting.
You know, there's no warp whistles like there are in Mario Brothers or something like that.
If you just want to spend 30 minutes you want to beat through the game, you have to use
these, you know, crazy passwords.
So I kind of always like things like that.
I remember we used to mess with Game Genie codes, especially in like, was it Street Fighter
or yeah, Street Fighter 2 and stuff where you'd do the codes to get, play as, you know,
the boss characters in there, but it wasn't really the boss characters.
It was just kind of the boss character skins on like Ryu or something like that.
And so you'd have, you know, he could do that with like, okay, I want block on the Ryu skin.
So you do like, you know, a hurricane kick or whatever.
And he's just like in this shock, you know, a shock animation while he's flying across
the screen or, you know, if he did E Honda, he'd be doing the hundred hand slab as he
flies across the screen.
Oh yeah.
I never had a Game Genie, but I always, I think I've like borrowed one from a friend
or something.
Cause I, yeah, you could put in some crazy codes on those that, you know, which was,
which was probably the equivalent of like editing the registry on a game or something
on a PC, you know, like where you could, you know, really screw some things up by changing
values.
Um, but yeah, that was, that was some good times with the, uh, Game Genie.
And then, uh, our, my, my other favorite was watching, um, my friend's copy of Akari Warriors
that was just really glitchy.
Like, it was like dirty or something, but it would get glitchier as we'd play through
the game.
So like at one point, like, Hey, I'm stuck under the background now, uh, I can't really
attack anything, but I'm going to keep following you guys.
And I don't know, it's just, it was really silly cause it would just be completely messed
up.
Uh, Dark Tetsuya in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com is talking about all the, all the ones from
Street Fighter II, the World Warrior.
You could turn Dalzium invisible with the right button combo or Guile's various tricks
and you could even reboot the game.
Yeah.
Wasn't there the whole like quote unquote handcuffing, you know, Guile's handcuffs or
something that was like, that was like a, uh, arcade urban legend, but like you can
do it on the super Nintendo version, but it really was just that you like stun the other
character or something and it caused the game to reboot.
I don't know.
My memory is a little fuzzy on that.
Sorry guys.
But, uh, yeah, I also liked codes that would like really change the nature of the game
because you guys all know I love the guardian legend, right?
It's like one of those eight bit Nintendo classics that, you know, I think it was really
underrated at the time, but in retrospect it was like, so fricking phenomenal.
Well, there was a code in that game.
If you just put TGL as the password, you just put TGL.
What happens is that it removes all of these Zelda-esque stages, the overworld parts of
the game, and it just becomes a straight up shooter.
You just play the shooter stages.
That's all you do.
So it was like, it kind of like changes the nature of the game in a way.
I always thought that was kind of cool.
And you'd even get like, I think you'd get random power ups that you would get from the
overworld stages, like after each stage.
So it's like they built this mode of the game specifically for people to be able to play
like just a shooter.
That's kind of neat.
And Dr. Sui says the handcuffs was only in the arcade version.
All right.
My bad guys.
That was like 20 years ago.
All right.
So game glitches.
Good times.
Good times.
See if there's any other comments in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says turning the power on and off really quickly with the Atari VCS created
screwy game effects.
I don't remember that.
I seem to remember there was something though where we would sit there and we'd reset the
game like 30 times to get something to happen.
My memory is really fuzzy, but I remember something with that.
Cause you know, like the switches on that thing were really, there were like these little
nubs you'd push up and like the reset one, you could literally flick.
And like, I remember sitting there flicking it like 30 times to get something to happen.
I don't remember what.
That's a really horrible story.
Isn't it?
You guys, something really cool will happen.
I think, but I don't know, but I was like six at the time.
So just try it on all your games.
Tiger Claw asks, what does TGL stand for?
The guardian legend, Tiger Claw, the name of the game.
Perhaps you missed me saying that was the name of the game.
Uh, let's see.
Tiger Claw also says, I remember back in the days would play metal gear on the NES.
I used to try to enter random passwords into the game and sometimes get lucky when the
game loads with certain number of items I couldn't find before making the game easier
to play through.
Huh.
Interesting.
Uh, back in the day when they had gaming codes in the back of magazines, not anymore.
That's part of a DLC pack.
Yeah.
Or yeah.
I go to game facts.com if there are even codes in the game, which what, what recent games
have those types of codes in them?
Not a lot.
I thought a five did, and I'm sure there's other games out there.
Yeah.
Well sometimes also some companies kind of do it like intentionally, especially a lot
of the indie stuff that tries to invoke the retro vibe we'll, we'll do that.
So all right, nice.
Uh, and dungeon buster says it was really random.
We just kept going at it with the, uh, resetting on the Atari until it created a bizarro screen
that we try to play with whatever game we had.
It sounds like, like the kill screen on Pacman or something.
I don't know.
All right.
All right.
The talk is fine and we'll do more of it later with the classic game of the week, but let's
talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this
week, whether they be new or old.
Logie?
Uh, the only thing I played this week was modern warfare two because it had been several
weeks since our, our kind of group got together and played.
So I'm like, Hey, uh, you guys want to play modern warfare two because it's been several
weeks since we've played our game and they said yeah.
And then I kicked the crap out of them in a very vicious way.
Uh, I did notice a lot of places I can actually climb up on.
So that's, that's kind of fun.
I like, I kind of doing that kind of thing, but, um, yeah, it was fun.
I had fun.
Um, that was about it cause I didn't really play anything else.
Even programming a lot.
I've been looking at your Twitter.
Yeah.
Putting updates on your game.
Well, okay.
So like I decided to change up how, um, cause right when I originally had it, I had a, an
Atlas, which is basically just, it's a big texture file.
Instead of having several textures, you have one big texture with several textures inside
of it and you just kind of move where it looks for that texture.
So, okay.
Looks at, you know, 50% over on the top or, you know, 75%, et cetera, et cetera.
So that's how I had it.
The change colors.
I'm like, well, I don't really need to do that.
I want some additional like detail in there.
So I'm going to add a bump map to it so I can have a little bit of a texture and it
looks better.
And then I can just change the colors with the vertex colors cause in the actual like
3D mesh, you can save a color and some people use that for like blending between two textures
or actually change the color of something.
So in this case, I'm actually going to use it to change the color.
So I'm like, okay, fine.
That's, I'll just change it up and I'll create this texture and we'll go with that.
And then I was looking at the code for each mesh and I realized that the program they
had for the, I guess, add on they had for the Atlas thing was really fucking up all
my meshes.
It was like screwing up.
They have this thing called the UV, which basically says, okay, here's how I'm going
to draw this texture on this object.
So you set, okay, here's where this corner goes.
Here's where this corner goes.
And you just kind of lay it out so that it knows how to put the texture on that object.
And it, all it was doing was creating a single point where it was putting the texture.
So I didn't notice it on these objects because I was using a solid color and so it would
still be a solid color anyways.
But when I actually wanted to put texture on it, it was just all fucked up.
So I had to write something to manually fix everything.
And so I'm just kind of, I finished that last night and I'm just have to fix all my UVs
and then actually save new meshes off of that.
And I'm going to delete, it'll allow me to also go back and cause I have like several
copies of all these 3D objects I've made when I've made changes to them that I have to keep
referencing too.
So I'm just going to clean all that out.
And it's just kind of funny because all these things I end up either buying or finding,
I ended up writing my own version of it because it either doesn't work right or I just end
up using my own version instead.
It sounds like it's been an extraordinarily educational project.
Exactly.
Well, that's the whole reason.
I hope you get through it.
I really hope you get something playable out of this.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the whole thing is why I went with the Atlas program anyways because I didn't
want to mesh.
Like I thought all this like, oh, working with meshes and UVs.
I don't understand any of this is really confusing to me.
And then when I actually did, I'm like, wow, actually that's not that confusing now that
I've messed with this.
And so now I can do cool things like I can manually modify my object and stuff like,
okay, I want to move this point over and I type in a new coordinate for it.
And hit build and I can see my changes and allows me to have like full access all over
the stuff instead of relying on a 3D program.
Because I've rebuilt my, you know, objects several times.
So this is the last time I'm doing it.
But yeah, it's just, I'm learning a lot through and it's kind of exciting in that sense.
And so I'm just trying the whole point of getting, you know, because I started building
an object.
So I was like, okay, cool.
I'm going to get to the point where I can actually build some stuff and then start working
on the game part again instead of just the engine part.
And you know, that's when I was like, okay, well, I just want to change how it looks because
everything was really plain.
It just wasn't, it didn't look right to me.
And so now that I'm, now I have to go back and change all that stuff and then I'll go
back to building assets again and start working on the actual game part.
Nice.
Um, but yeah, I mean, give me something playable for Christmas.
I'm working on it.
It's taking time.
All right.
Uh, well, if there's nothing else for your gaming week, I'll talk briefly about my gaming
week.
Although admittedly, uh, after getting back from LA, I had a high priority this week to
finish orange is the new black season two.
Look, it's, I don't watch a lot of TV shows, but I watched that one.
And because of the way Netflix's model is where people can binge watch everything in
a weekend, I have so many friends that do that and then start spoiling everything.
So like I, I'm afraid to go to certain places on the internet, Tumblr being one of them
because I knew I would get spoiled on orange is the new black.
So I finally sat down, watched the whole thing and, uh, I'm not, I won't, don't worry.
I'm not going to spoil anything about it.
I will just say I finished it finally.
So I could finally use some of that time to play video games again.
Uh, so I did check out a few games.
I did check out at least one new game this week and then I went back and revisited one
too.
Uh, the new game I checked out this week is available on PlayStation four.
I believe it's on PC.
I saw it on Wii U as well.
Uh, it is called 1001 spikes.
And speaking of retro games, Xbox indie even, is it really, that's where I think it first
started with.
Oh, interesting.
Indie games.
Well now it's on a lot of other places too.
It's on a PlayStation four is where I checked it out myself.
Uh, it's very much a retro game.
Like this is like the, it's like eight bit nes straight up.
Like the sound, the way it plays, the controls, like all that stuff just really feel like
an old school eight bit nes game, but of course for widescreen.
So it's a little weird to be playing something like that on the PlayStation four, but hey,
you know, I realized the whole retro stuff is kind of in right now and it is, it is kind
of fun to play.
Um, so in a sense it's a bit of a puzzler game, but it's like a puzzler mixed with
like super meat boy.
It's one of those things where you're going to do this level over and over and over again
and you're going to go crazy doing it because these spikes will pop out of the ground that
you didn't realize were there before and boo, you're dead.
And uh, you know, all those sorts of things.
You have to kind of like memorize how the level is laid out in order to really get,
you know, through the level.
And the reason why it's called the thousand one spikes, I believe is because you have
1001 lives.
So every time you lose a life, you go down.
So I think, I think I only beat the first world and I'm super meat boy in a way.
Yeah, but you're still limited on the number of lives and super meat boy, you didn't, you
weren't really limited on it.
So it's, it's a little bit of that scare factor because like, Oh shit, I need to not die so
much because I just got through world one and I was down to like 980 lives.
I was like, I need to stop being so stupid on some of these things I'm doing.
I want to see is I want to see them bring, I want to be the guy to like steam and um,
you know, like Wii U or something like that.
I think that would be funny.
Yeah.
Cause I remember trying to play on, you know, I want to be the guy guide in and that's fucking
hard.
Even the original game is fucking hard.
Yeah.
Uh, dark to see you in chat says I've heard 1000 spikes was tough.
Yes.
Like when I compare it to super meat boy, there's a reason for that because it's that
whole infuriating.
Damn it.
I died.
Damn it.
I died again.
God damn it.
I was almost complete with that, but I had the DRM free version so that I don't think
that transferred over to my steam version.
I'm like, I don't want to play this again.
I only have like a, like one or two of those things left to get, you know?
Oh, and then here's the other thing too, because on PlayStation four, so every time you die,
the controller like flashes pink, like, so like you see, like I see it on my hands cause
like, you know, the way I'm holding a controller, especially if I'm playing in a dark room.
So when I die, it's like my room lights up slightly.
Like you're an idiot.
So it's interesting how that little controller light is really added a lot to so many different
games, especially to those who tend to play in like dark rooms.
So the TV lights, the thing.
So there you go.
Fifth dream says you can use the Konami code for 3 million and three lives.
Is that, is that real?
I didn't know that if that's a thing that's pretty funny.
So let's see.
So there you go.
Sorry.
I'm laughing at this in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
This is something you said, Loki orange, orange launch radio is the new black Wolf.
Yeah.
Cause someone said, yeah.
An active to the orange laundry is a new black.
So yeah, I like that.
That's funny.
That's funny.
All right.
Uh, okay.
So I did revisit a classic this week too.
So you guys know Shane, good Palomine friends, a very long time, and Shane has this really
good ability.
If you weren't aware to talk people into, to talk people into buying and playing games
that they probably wouldn't have done otherwise.
Right.
Like the man should sell video games for a living.
Like I realize it's kind of what you do, Loki, but like Shane's really, really, really good
at it.
Right.
So, um, the game he convinced me to give another go to so I could play with him and one of
his other friends he plays MMOs with is five has the 11, the classic and uh, you look your
needs to go free to play.
I mean, seriously, that, that would ruin my life though.
Well, and my God is the, there's the system to like get your character activated and all
stuff of that game.
It's a mess.
Like, because you know, the play online system is so old, like they've really had to kind
of backend all this new stuff, like the Square Enix global ID and all this stuff into the,
you know, the old play online thing.
So, um, but I did finally figure it out and I got it up and running and I'm being trolled
by Alan in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com who says, how many MMOs are you subscribed
to right now?
Just wondering.
I have three, three MMO subscriptions right now, but not on purpose.
Okay.
Here's what happened.
Finally I see 14 that one I'm like actively playing and I like a lot.
I did 11 for the lolz and you know, I'll talk more about that in a second, but my third
subscription, I accidentally got my world of Warcraft subscription renewed for another
month because I went back to that last month, just kind of on my own whim.
I was just like, Oh, I wonder what's changed.
What's different.
And the answer is nothing.
So I checked that out and I went to go like, Oh, I need to go cancel my game before it
recharges me for another month.
I log into the site and it had renewed the day before.
Yay.
So yeah, I ended up paying for that for another month.
So right now I have three subscriptions, but the world of Warcraft one will expire next
month and I'm not going back to that until the expansion is out.
And I don't think the final fantasy 11 one will last very long.
It's just kind of one of those, like for the lolz things.
But um, I will say this Loki, since I know you used to play the game for a long time
yet again, even though I just, I kinda flirted with this game about a year and a half ago
or so, you know, I was playing for a little bit and I talked about how like some of the
experiencing was different cause you use the books, you go out in the world and you find
the books and you, you can kill certain monsters that way.
Well, they added two new, like really, really major things into the game to make it a little
more less grindy and honestly more single player friendly.
And the hugest one is called the trust system.
And with the trust system, what happens is you get this quest and you'll go find certain
NPCs and they will allow you to basically clone them to make alter egos of them so that
they can join you in the world.
You summon them basically.
It's a new type of magic category called trust and you summon them.
And so it's like you have a party full of NPCs, but they're fully functioning party
members that will act like, you know, those class types should, for example, since I started
in one of the cities in 11 Bastok, um, you can talk to an NPC that is a warrior, Najee,
who's a warrior in Bastok.
And so he'll join your party.
So I have a tank.
So when I'm a red mage right now and I can cure myself, me and a tank make a pretty good
party.
Oh man.
Yeah.
And here's the thing.
You can have up to three of them at one time, man, a party of four anywhere you go.
Right.
Okay.
So that's one big thing.
And they, I guess just in the last update, they made it so that like if let's say Shane
and I are in a party, he can call two people.
I can call two more people.
We have a full party.
That'd be a party of six.
Yeah.
Is it a party?
Uh, final fantasy 11 parties for six people.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
Is five.
14 is four.
They all have to be different for some reason.
I don't remember.
It's been so long.
Yeah.
So, um, let's see.
So yeah, there's a that.
And then the other big, big thing they added to the game is something called the records
of eminence, I think is what it's called.
And it's, it's like achievements.
Okay.
It works like achievements, but they're achievements that get you rewards and it's rewards in the
form of XP.
Big one, right?
Gill and these like tabs or something that you can turn in for, um, armor and things
like that, uh, elsewhere.
Um, so it's like, you know, uh, kill 10 monsters in South Gustav Berg or, uh, do one, do a
move that does 11 to 20 damage 10 times or something like that.
That's cool.
Yeah.
When you do that, you get XP.
So it helps.
I wish this game would be a free to play.
So like in one night last night, I got to level 10 real quick or I'd be fine if they
just raised the price, let's just raise the price to like, you know, back to $50 again
and make it like buy to play, you know, like Guild Wars, uh, and fifth dream in our chat
over at live.vog network.com says, please do this in Final Fantasy 14.
Well, you know, it's interesting because, um, and the reason why I bring this up, cause
I'm sure some of you guys are getting put to sleep with the Final Fantasy 11 chatter.
If you're not laughing at the fact that I went back to a game that's like 12 years old
or whatever.
Who cares?
Well, I will be, I think it's interesting to go back to these aging MMOs and see how
they're keeping themselves playable when their user base is dwindling fast, because obviously
Final Fantasy 14 tore a big piece of 11's fan base out, you know, cause a lot of people
moved on to 14, even though the games are very, very different in how they play, you
know, because Final Fantasy 11 is more rooted in EverQuest and Final Fantasy 14 is more
rooted in this weird Warcraft Guild Wars 2 hybrid thing.
Okay.
So they play very different at its core, but, um, I still think 14 kind of took a lot of
11's players, but there's still, you know, uh, I did a slash C all so you can see all
the people on the server.
There were still like 1800 people logged into the server yesterday that I was playing on.
So kind of interesting.
Lots and lots of level 99's.
That's for sure.
Uh, let's see.
Let's see.
So let's see.
Um, over at, uh, live.vognetwork.com, Tigerclaw says, Shane's should be VOG's official PR
person.
Not a bad idea.
If he'd be willing to do it, he could probably, uh, get us some more listeners maybe.
Uh, Alan, who of course is, is my boyfriend is in chat and talking about, uh, listening
to me play Final Fantasy 11.
And when you try to sell him a game, he's like, this is stupid forever and I'll never
play it forever.
And he stays true to his word.
He will never play it.
But this guy is like, Shane, stop it and look at what happens.
Uh, he's, that is all in response to Shane is the worst enabler.
So there you go.
So yeah, I went back to Final Fantasy 11, but I don't, I don't know how long it'll last.
I mean, it's still, I gotta say there's still things about 11 that hold up very well after
12 years.
The graphics are starting to show their age a little bit, but you know, especially on
the PC where you can kind of up the resolutions and everything through some registry edits,
it doesn't look bad.
You know, it's still, I mean, it was a game on the 360 and it probably looks about like
that on your PC.
So it's still, you know, has that the music is still great.
The class design is really fantastic.
There's so many classes in the game and the fact that you can have a main job and you
get a sub job where you get half the levels of whatever second job you want and that you
can switch those jobs on demand at any time.
You know, that whole system is really fantastic and I can't think of anything really like
it in other MMOs.
So cause even 14 doesn't have sub jobs, it has cross-classing, which is kind of a different
thing.
Oh man.
Final Fantasy 11 HD free to play.
Dream on.
Dream on.
It is.
Well, there was those rumors about a Vita version a long time ago, but then it's like,
how would you chat on the Vita version?
Who cares?
Voice chat.
Screw it.
Who cares?
Act Deft in chat says the only thing that's stopping Shane from conquering the world is
apathy.
Whatever.
All right.
So there you go.
I've been playing a little bit of that as well.
And then I've been continuing to play Final Fantasy 14 as well and some Mario Kart 8 today
as well, which moving into our housekeeping segment, I will talk about now.
So I plugged this last week on the show.
We were going to do today a tournament for podcast cross zone, which is the panel that
ourselves, uh, horde house, uh, video game, realness, game, buoy.org, game bar, Koopa
club, all these podcasts coming together to do this panel at gamer X, uh, which is only
like two weeks away at this point, which I can't believe, but, um, yeah, we're all coming
together to do this panel.
So we wanted to bring awareness, you know, just try to get it out there.
So we had this tournament today, uh, and that happened a couple hours before the show tonight.
We had pretty good participation.
Uh, I guess everybody couldn't fit in one room.
So there was like several rooms going on.
Uh, and you know, you played 12 games to get your score and, uh, the whole thing was won
by Jeremy over at Koopa club, who I think got first place in almost every single race
he did.
Cause, uh, he's, I guess, scary.
Good.
Yeah.
I was not in the same room as he was.
I was in a room with like act deft from like OLR and stuff.
And I was with the guys from video game realness, uh, were in my, uh, battle.
So it was unfortunate that because there's so many people, we couldn't all really race
against each other.
It was still, I mean, it was still a loads of fun, uh, just kind of knowing that like
when I use the golden mushroom to fly past Delvin from video game, Rena realness, right
at the last minute, it's like, I can hear him screaming in my ear, right?
Like, Oh no, you didn't that type of thing.
So it was a lot of fun.
Uh, now as far as how I did, I have like the fourth from worst score out of everybody.
I'm just not that good at Mario Kart eight.
It's okay.
It's okay.
I don't know.
Some of these guys, they figure out how to get to the front of the pack right away and
they never, they never fall back.
Whereas I have the problem where when everything gets chaotic, I fall back to like 10th place
and then I have to keep catching up.
And if I'm lucky, I'll get all the way up to like third, but usually I end up in like
seventh place.
So there it is.
So yeah.
Congrats to Jeremy from Koopa club for winning the podcast cross zone tournament.
You bastard, even though they gave the prize because they did, they wanted to give the
prize to like a listener.
They gave it to somebody else and I unfortunately don't, don't remember who that was off the
top of my head.
Uh, but I think it was one of the listeners of Koopa club that ended up winning that.
So grats to you guys.
Speaking of Koopa club, um, they had me on as a guest on Friday.
We taped the show and uh, it was myself and some of the guys from Koopa club and a slide
kick from game buoy.org all did the show.
And I got to say it was really funny.
And we played, uh, we played Nintendo password.
Like you know how we do game shows here on OLR.
They do some on Koopa club too.
They do password is one of their games.
So, uh, we did Nintendo password and there were some crazy words, uh, which I'm not going
to give away what happens, but, uh, one of the passwords was, uh, fire.
I think it was fireball, right?
And I said fire and that wasn't good enough.
So the clue John gives me to try to get it is just like, what are you doing right now?
So check that out.
I don't think they posted it just yet, but Jeremy said he'd get it up today or tomorrow.
So it's episode 52 you're going to be looking for.
So they, they really edit their podcast together and, you know, shift segments around and put
music in it.
So it's a little, it takes them a little bit to edit it, but check that out.
That's Koopa with a Q club with a K.
So they're Q K.
So, uh, check that out.
Uh, I will be on episode 52 whenever that is posted.
Um, and that is really all I can think of for housekeeping because of podcast cross
zone and gamer X, there will be no show on July 12th, uh, but we should be here.
There's two more shows until then, um, our 12th birthday here at orange launch radio
is tomorrow.
Our very first episode was June 23rd, 2002.
Um, so we will be turning 12 years old tomorrow.
So we'll, uh, we didn't want to have a bunch of celebration though without dark soccer
here.
So we'll talk a little more and, and have some retrospective and reflection on 12 years
of orange launch radio next week, uh, on the 29th of June.
All right.
That's all I have for housekeeping.
Plugs for Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R and Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge
radio.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki.
All right.
So, um, apparently insomniac games does what Ubisoft doesn't.
And that would be, uh, they had, it was funny, they had this nice little teaser video as
talking about sunset overdrive and the customization.
And of course they said, you can play as a male character or as a female character and
all the customizations are completely neutral, um, or gender neutral.
So if you want to have a guy in a dress or you want, you know, a woman in, I don't know,
guy clothes, I guess, regular clothes, you can do that.
And what's kind of funny, a little tongue in cheek, I guess with the video, they have
the character dressed up like one of the assassins from assassin's creed, you know?
So, uh, that's pretty cool.
Well, at least, uh, lots of customization there cause I know all the gameplay that they've
shown so far has been kind of the, um, you know, punk rock looking, um, guy from the
game.
So, uh, very cool that they have that and apparently not impossible to do.
Um, so yeah, um, that word.
That was some pretty epic shade throwing by those guys, the whole Ubisoft thing.
But it's, it's one of the things where you kind of look at it and go, wow, that was a,
that was, that was some shade, but you kind of go, but that needed to happen.
Like Ubisoft needed to be spanked like that, you know, for that really insert, you know,
open mouth, insert foot comments.
Pretty ridiculous.
I mean, they could, they could just keep the animations with the same guy animations in.
I get it that, you know, in co-op, you're really just playing clones of the main character.
So that's all they have is what they should have said.
That's what they should have said.
Well, you know, we're, we don't have any customization because you're just playing clones of the
main character.
Done.
The topic done.
That's all you have to say.
And then said, you know, we do have some strong, diverse characters in this game, not, not
historically or whatever this whole, like we have a diverse team.
We're going to like, here are some other examples of diverse characters in the game.
And then if they can't name any, uh, well, there's a bigger problem Ubisoft, but, and
then, then I think they said even like, uh, maybe they're talking to the next Watch Dogs
game or something.
They were saying that they wouldn't be doing a female character.
I don't know if they are, or they were talking about the original Watch Dogs game, but there's
another game that they mentioned that also female characters weren't going to be a part
of.
But I just like, I think if they just say, explain that, listen, you know, we didn't
design any other characters other than, you know, any other playable characters other
than this main character.
And so that's why they play as clones.
I mean, you know, we, we don't have any other guy characters.
We don't have any other women characters.
We just, that's why we designed all these things and to go ahead and add any, you know,
if it was guy or women, you know, playable characters, it would have taken a lot more
time.
Keep it at that.
Keep it not, don't make gender a, an issue in it.
But when you say, oh, well, it's too hard to render women, you just, you're just asking
for trouble.
Stop talking.
You're making it worse.
So it's just, I don't know, sunset overdrive looks awesome.
And I'm glad to see that there's a lot of customization there.
So, um, it'll be kind of cool when that comes out.
I'm still waiting to hear when we're going to hear about the next Assassin's Creed, what
the current gen or not current gen last gen version, I guess that would be games com.
Maybe it was when they're going to announce that, Oh, I mean this, are they going to put
unity on the, it's unity is only on PlayStation four and Xbox one and PC still doing an assassin
street for the, they're doing one for a, it's like a, I thought it was like cosmos
or something like Assassin's creed cosmos or something that had to do with like space.
I don't remember what it is.
It's not actually in space, but it's just like, um, I was like, that's when you know
this series is dark when it's Assassin's creed in space.
That's a bit much like, isn't that when Friday the 13th on all the scary, like call of duty
ghosts.
Sure.
Call of duty ghosts.
They had a mission.
I think it was in the trailer where it was people fighting with, you know, sub machine
guns in space.
It was really, really ridiculous.
Uh, go into our chat room for some comments on this over at live.vognetwork.com JV Mon
says, sunset overdrive is my most anticipated game of the year.
You know, I don't think you're alone in that.
I think some people are going to finally pony up for an Xbox one because of this game.
I may or may not be one of them, but I also may or may not be more motivated by Forza
horizon two, which yes, I realize is on the 360, but it's going to be prettier on the
one and pretty is important.
Uh, let's see.
SSG100 Matt says there are some fights you can't win.
This is one of them.
Well, you know, like I said last week though, this was just the damn waiting to burst because
obviously there are some major problems in the industry.
There's some problems with some of the thoughts that go in the rationales behind them and
so forth.
And I think honestly, Ubisoft's comment, I hate to say it, but it had to happen so that,
and hear me out here, it had to happen so that people would get pissed off.
And so that we really start demanding change and diversity.
And there are people, there are lots of people that would like to see more of themselves
reflected in games.
And as we got into last week, that doesn't necessarily mean down with the straight white
male.
No, that is absolutely not what anybody's saying.
It's saying, how about options?
Oh, sorry.
It's too expensive, too expensive for options.
That was just really bad.
It was a really bad excuse if really what it was.
And if they literally just stayed with, listen, we designed, you know, this, this main character
and you play as clones of him in multiplayer and we didn't design any other characters
to play as, male or female, left it at that, then that would have been okay.
They're just lazy.
Instead of, no, they're just too lazy to create women in the game.
I mean, it's, it would have been, no, they're just too lazy to create any other characters
in the game.
But I think, you know, like I said a minute ago, we've been waiting for the damn to burst
on this for a little bit and this is something that, you know, unfortunately has to happen,
you know, so that the, all these guys developing the games kind of wake up and say, oh shit,
you know, there are a lot of people out there that want this, you know, or if it's not too
late, put a female lead in the PS3, Xbox 360 one.
I mean, they had one for the Vita, so it might be too late at this point for that.
But you know, again, or how about give some examples again of some of the characters.
I mean, cause what they said is that they said, we look forward to introducing some
strong female characters in Assassin's Creed Unity soon, and I'm sorry, but that comment
comes to me like, oh fuck, we haven't designed any, we better hurry up and do it to shut
everybody up.
That's how that comment hears to me, unfortunately.
So for better or worse, all right, anyway, not to, not to repeat everything from last
week, so let's move on to something else.
Following E3, some interesting financial news about one company and that is Capcom and some
interesting news coming out about shareholders.
And there's a vote going on right now to end the company takeover defense at Capcom.
Capcom could be taken over by a company that will, that could purchase large amounts of
its stock.
Now this causes the internet to go into a tizzy because this causes everybody to go,
OMG, who should buy Capcom?
Who's going to buy Capcom?
Is it going to be Nintendo?
They get all the, oh my God, Mega Man on Wii U exclusive.
Can you imagine if it was Warner Brothers, then we could finally get Street Fighter versus
Mortal Kombat.
Very interesting prospect there, I like that.
But here's another thing is that I also see a lot of this as hype, hype, hype in the media
because, just because they're open for that doesn't mean they will.
And I don't believe Capcom is actively seeking a bidder in this or is actually actively seeking
this.
But I mean of course when the shareholders do make a move like this it does sort of send
a message that, you know.
I gotta be honest though, their portfolio is not as strong as it used to be.
I mean it's like kind of, they're going the way of like Konami right now where, I mean
let's look at what they've got coming out this year.
They've got another Street Fighter IV version and that's about it.
I mean they have a new Phoenix Wright trilogy like re-release thing.
That's pretty much it, I mean there's just nothing else coming and nothing, I don't think,
I think they've got that, what was it, Deep Down or something like that, that tech demo
that they showed.
That was supposed to be coming at some point, but there's not really anything big, I mean
I'm assuming Street Fighter V is being worked on at some point, but they don't have, Resident
Evil is not as strong as it used to be anymore, Monster Hunter IV I guess would be something
on 3DS, but they just don't have, they don't have like Mega Man anymore really, and Dead
Rising is not as great as it used to be, I don't know.
Interesting comments in our chat room, JV Mon says, people just want Capcom bought out
because they're bitter about Mega Man Legends 3, I'm kind of over that, I don't think that's
far off the mark though, no, but I'm looking forward to, you know, Mighty No. 9 Legends
at some point.
As far as likely buyers for Capcom, you know, I don't know if it would necessarily be one
of the big companies, I mean, Deep Silver, I think it would be, nah, I think it would
be hilarious if it was somebody like Nintendo and I think Nintendo would be a great fit
honestly, but I just, I don't know, you know, I just, there's something about that match
up that doesn't really make a lot of sense to me, I honestly think the likely candidate
would be Bandai Namco, I kind of think would be, I could see as the one that would snatch
him up, but I, I don't know.
I don't know if they're rewinding, but I would think Deep Silver's been buying, well I mean
they bought THQ's, most of THQ's assets.
But did Nordic Games get a lot of that too?
Nordic got a bunch of their catalog.
They got the name too, right?
I don't know why, but yeah, I mean, they got that, but yeah, they've got a lot of the catalog,
they have MX vs ATV, but like most of the main franchises that they had were purchased
by Deep Silver, so I could see them maybe doing that, because Deep Silver also had,
who else did they buy, they bought another, well they bought another company too, but
I don't know.
So I don't know, I could see them doing that maybe, but yeah, I don't know if it means
necessarily that anybody's gonna buy them out right away, I just, I don't know.
Konami could use some extra titles, it would be kind of cool to roll that together, because
shit, I'm surprised Konami's not being bought out by anybody, because-
That's, that, well and I said that last week, it's funny, because I said last week, I said,
you know if anybody's probably gonna get bought in the next few months, it's gonna
be Konami, and then the news comes out like the next day, oh it's Capcom's the one that's
on the block.
Yeah, don't get me wrong, Metal Gear Solid 5 looks awesome, but they're banking everything
on Metal Gear Solid 5, because if that shit doesn't work, then I don't, I guess they're
gonna be going straight slot machines, because they've got that in Pro Evo, and that's it,
that is their slate.
Pro Evo's the only thing coming out this year, so they're hurting.
Alright, speaking of Capcom, some interesting other news coming out of there that is around
Yoshinori Ono, and Yoshinori Ono, of course a lot of people know as the producer of Street
Fighter 4, which keeps going, it's the game that keeps on giving, well this week he announced
that he is leaving Capcom Vancouver.
I resigned from the director position about Capcom Vancouver, thanks good staff of Capcom
Vancouver and Dead Rising staff.
I had to take some time, I think over very carefully about next things, I'd like to watch
TV for Brazil World Cup before thinking it.
Now this caused a lot of people to go, oh fuck he left Konami, he left Capcom, but actually
he furthered, he did a little clarifying tweet, my position within Capcom has not changed,
I'm still involved in all the projects I'm currently working on, only my role for Capcom
Vancouver has ended.
So interesting.
So he's just like, instead of being whatever he was plus head of Vancouver, he's just...
I can understand that maybe you're stretched so thin, you've really got to focus on one
or two things, I understand that very well, so I can see why he resigned in that regard,
where it's like, if he's not able to handle it all because there's too much going on over
here or whatever, they've got to be looking at the future of Street Fighter in some ways,
somebody's got to be whispering Street Fighter 5 over their cap, somebody's got to be doing
it, because they keep cranking out these sequels to Street Fighter 4, and it's like, really,
how many more can they do?
So somebody over there's got to be begging for Street Fighter 5.
I think they're already working on it, it's probably next gen, but that would be cool
at Tokyo Game Show if they showed something like that.
You never know, you never know.
So there you go, a revised or reduced role for Yoshinori Ohno, but at his own choice
there.
Yeah.
Well, speaking of Capcom, can I jump in real quick with an interesting comment from our
chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Blueberry jumped in with a comment saying, Konami doesn't
really focus on games any longer, they have sports centers and everything in Japan.
You know, that is true, is that, you know, even though maybe at E3 we see kind of one
side of it, is that their presence over in Japan might be very different, and I think,
like you said a minute ago, they do have all those slot machines and things, you go into
any casino, like you're going to see Konami's logo everywhere, they make a lot of slot machines.
And also they do a lot of mobile stuff, so I think that's where they're moving.
But I mean, come on, I'm not talking like, I'm talking Konami as in, you know, a game
publisher like on console, a console and portable game publisher.
You want your Bemani and your Castlevania and your Silent Hill.
I'm not holding my breath on any sort of, you know, Bemani stuff, but I would expect,
you know, with like, you know, games kind of like, you know, Amnesia and, you know,
even what was it, The Evil Within, and that kind of stuff that's probably going to do
pretty well.
I could see a little bit more of the resurgence of, you know, the survivor horror genre, and
I could see them maybe trying to do a next gen version of Silent Hill.
I'd be down with that, but it's just, you know, I'm not, they've had a lot of flops
I'm just hoping that they, you know, hit a home run with one of these.
ActDeft in chat saying, Konami at E3 said, or sorry, I can't, I keep mixing those two
up tonight.
ActDeft says Capcom at E3 said they're working on Street Fighter 5 for the new consoles.
So, but I mean, that's, I mean, that's as a given as, you know, there's, the PlayStation
5 is currently being developed somewhere, absolutely, of course, and the success of
the Xbox One, absolutely.
Those things are planned out years and years in advance.
Hey, guess what?
There will be new Nintendo hardware.
It's being planned right now.
It's just nowhere near time to show it yet.
I think it needs to be brought up, but, um, where the fuck is Tekken Cross Street Fighter?
Oh yeah, good question.
Where is it?
It wasn't at E3 this year.
That's true.
That kind of disappeared, didn't it?
Yeah.
Huh.
Where is it?
Well, I'm assuming at this point it's going to be next gen for a hat.
Maybe I was wrong in my Bandai Namco idea.
Maybe there's some bad blood going on there.
I don't know.
I don't think it's bad blood.
I think they're probably just developing a new engine for a new Tekken game that they're
going to put out a straightforward Tekken game, maybe like a Tekken 7 or something.
And then they'll run off that engine.
And so they'll build, you know, two birds with one stone.
They held it for next gen.
They held it for next gen and they're building a new engine for Tekken 7 and that'll be
that.
Um, okay.
So anyway, speaking of Capcom, uh, this is kind of interesting.
I've never heard of a straight to Crackle movie, but apparently Dead Rising is going
to be a...
What the hell is Crackle?
I've seen it on PlayStation 4, but...
Crackle apparently is Sony's like a video streaming, um, app or whatever.
So it's like Netflix, but like Sony wants their own Netflix.
But it's not necessarily, it's free.
So all this, like they have like a bunch of old action movies on there and stuff and it's
free.
So you can get like a bunch of cool stuff on there.
Now you're talking.
I did not realize.
At least, at least when I perused it once, I'm like, shit, there's all this cool stuff
I don't want to watch and I completely forgot about it.
But anyways, so they're gonna, uh, put this movie on, um, that channel and apparently
it's being, uh, let's see here, who is producing it?
Uh, oh, um, Thomas Harlan.
Did you say what movie it was?
Yeah, Dead Rising.
Okay.
It's, um, Thomas Harlan is producing it and he did, uh, the Mortal Kombat Legacy digital
movie, or not movie, but I guess a web series, um, so they've got that and on top of, um,
having it on Crackle, it's gonna be also distributed on DVD, video on demand and also, uh, TV and
I'm assuming like Netflix and all those other places, but it'll be at Crackle first, um,
I think Crackle's free.
I don't know.
I've, like I said, I've only looked at it like a couple of times.
No idea what exactly the premise is going to be, um.
There's actually quite a few people, um, commenting on Crackle, um, let's see, Act F says it's
kind of like Netflix, Blender says all free movies and TV Sky, I watched Lords of Dogtown
last week, Fifth Dream says Crackle has anime as well, Bond Solo 6 says think Hulu, Netflix
and Amazon Instant Watch.
Well, yeah, but most of those that you name, you have to pay for, well, I guess Hulu has
a free, well, it's only free on PC for some limited limited thing, but yeah, so it is
free, I think, from what I remember, um, it's interesting though that they mentioned this
because I want to say that they had for Dead Rising 2, maybe it might have been 3, they
had like a little live action short thing that they did that was kind of like a Japanese
live action short that was, uh, following like Dead Rising 1 or something like that
and they had kind of some stuff with that, so I'm just kind of curious what the premise
would be or if this is going to be, you know, hopefully it's not like a sci-fi channel movie
quality or something like that, you know, I hope it's actually something pretty polished
and, um, you know, it says feature length film, but is it a feature length film that's
going to be CG or is it going to be a live action film?
I don't know, that'd be kind of curious, I don't know, I'm down, down with that.
Interesting.
Uh, yeah, I don't know what I would expect out of a movie like this either, but I guess,
you know, because it's based on a big zombie franchise, it'll just be like kind of like
a...
It's gonna be weird though, watching the main character go, hey, you know what, I think
I'm gonna put on this little kid's clothes and then I'm gonna stick this, I'm gonna stick
this Mega Man, uh, blaster on my arm and then, uh, I'm gonna totally like, um, I'm gonna
run around with this chainsaw now and, I don't know.
Alright, uh, let's move on to news about the Xbox One in Japan.
Yes, the Xbox One in Japan, it is happening, just in case you weren't aware, uh, they're
gonna try to make it work in Japan and it's launching in September, 29 games at launch.
Uh, some of the games that will be coming out include the launch window games we had,
things like Dead Rising 3, Crimson Dragon, uh, also included things like Strider and
Titanfall.
Uh, Konami will be out with Metal Gear Solid 5 Ground Zeroes, so that'll be a pretty good,
you know, cause I was wondering last week, you know, what was gonna be the game that
really gets people on Xbox One, except the only problem is that Ground Zeroes is also
on PlayStation 4.
Well, here's the other thing, the problem is Ground Zeroes is the prequel to Metal Gear
Solid 5.
Oh yeah.
So, no one gives a shit about it.
Duh.
Uh, yeah, so everybody's already played that on PlayStation 4.
Uh, Tecmo Koei will have a port of Warriors Orochi 3 Ultimate.
Um, Cyberstep will have their free-to-play MMORPG Onigiri.
Uh, that is a PlayStation 4 exclusive in North America, but it'll be available for the Japanese
Xbox One at launch, that's very interesting.
Um, so yeah, uh, some other titles that will be coming to the Xbox One in Japan in the
coming months, uh, Natsuki Chronicle, Shooting Love Trilogy, uh, Azito simulation game, so
some other stuff to look forward to there on the Xbox One.
And, and, a new Raiden game.
A Raiden game.
Oh yes, a new Raiden game.
Uh, hopefully it's a disc-based game, because you know what that means?
Import!
Because it's reader-free!
Nice.
Yeah.
I'd be down with that.
Alright.
Looking.
Um, so this is kind of disappointing, normally when we're talking, you know, Nintendo going
to court against, you know, uh, patent, you know, infringement cases and stuff, they're
pretty much victorious.
Well, not this time!
Unfortunately, um, they have, um, ruled against Nintendo, um, in the patent lawsuit against
Philips, and this, I guess, affects both the Wii and Wii Rem- uh, Wii U, and, um, the technology
that they were kind of, um, saying that they were infringing on had to do with the Wii
Remotes and the Wii U gamepad.
So, not sure yet, they haven't really said what this is going to mean, if it means, you
know, what kind of fines, damages, are they going to try to stop the sale of the system?
To which you can make the pun, do they really need to help them stop the sale of the system?
You know, so on and so on, but, no, are they going to, you know, try to bar that?
I don't think that, you know, looking at like, you know, I want to say the Xbox 360 kind
of had the same thing, um, they had like a patent lawsuit that involved that system,
and-
Controller, right?
I don't know if it was a controller, I think it was, it was the software, um, it was like
for decoding, like video and stuff like that, and they ended up settling, but they, or maybe
they had to pay fines or something like that, but they ended up not, it wasn't pulled from
the market.
So, it's still, they're still going to be probably selling the system, but I'm sure
they're going to have to pay some sort of fines or something.
Yeah.
Um, or I don't know if they can, you know, do some sort of appeal or something, but that's
unfortunate, I guess you can't win them all, but.
That law, and this is so complicated, and I thought I saw a story, um, you know, somewhere
like on Google News or something about how the Supreme Court was kind of starting to
come down on, and that, obviously we're talking US versus UK, but still, you know, this is,
this is a problem in a lot of places.
The US is kind of, the Supreme Court here is kind of starting to come out with a lot
of decisions that are really anti-patent troll sort of thing, and you sort of get the sense
that legally we're starting to kind of move towards a different system, and I believe
it had said something about, you know, don't quote me on this because I don't have the
article right in front of me, but it was something about like the whole like, you can't, you
can't patent a lot of this software, these ideas, and things that are in software.
Well like, yeah, what they're, the premise was is that they can't patent, say for example,
um, say there's a patent out there for like, you know, point of service or something like
that, where you're, you're purchasing something or doing something in the real world, you
can't have another patent that says, doing this thing, but on a computer, you know, like
you can't have a patent for playing music on a device and then saying, oh, but this
is playing music on a device on your computer, you can't have a patent for that if it's basically
the same thing, or you know, I don't know, it's kind of a step towards not being able
to patent software, which I think is a good idea, I don't think you should be able to
patent software, um, you know, maybe patent the code for your software, so like, and that's
really how it should be anyways, like, you know, so it just stops people from blatantly
decoding, you know, reverse engineering your software and just putting it into their software,
that's the whole point of the patent office is to stop stuff like that, stop you from
reverse engineering these things, but not necessarily like, oh well, this is a patent
for, you know, Wii remote type things, you know, infrared, wireless remotes, I have a
patent for it now, and now you can't make any sort of wireless remotes, it's kind of
backwards the way it works.
GameGuru in our chatroom says that Nintendo is appealing actually, well that's not a surprise
at all, that's what would happen on the US as well, appeal, appeal, appeal, so this will
not be resolved anytime soon unless they finally reach that magic settled out of court, so
there it is.
Alright, so, very interesting new game coming out, and I'm not sure if this infringes on
any patents, let's hope not, because it looks like it's going to be interesting, it is called
The Rhythm of Fighters, and The Rhythm of Fighters, it's going to be an iOS and Android
game, but it's like a, it's a rhythm game based in the King of Fighters universe, so
I guess there's tap on notes that are kind of in an ellipse style wireframe, and when
like a cursor goes over the notes, you tap them out, and depending on how well timed
it is, you either do damage or you take damage, we don't know a whole lot else about the game
besides, it's happening, so fans of King of the Fighters, especially if you're into that
and music games, which, this sounds like somebody made a game for Dark Sakura, it's a real bummer
she's not here tonight, I kind of see this and I go, hey, somebody made Dark Sakura's
video game.
Well they've got like a, they've spun off so much stuff for the King of Fighters, remember
they have the shooter game at one point, yeah, that was pretty funny, I like that, I'm not
surprised.
Not at all, but this will be fun.
So yeah, check that out, the rhythm of fighters, of course we don't know when, but I can't
imagine it's going to be too, too long.
Speaking of not having to wait too, too long, let's travel around the world and check out
some release dates.
Yes, this week actually you do have a few things coming out before pretty much the dead
time which is, what is it, July, when nothing comes out, you used to have NCAA.
This week though, if you happen to be a fan of Transformers and maybe you've seen the
movie, they have kind of the best of both worlds, whether you like the Transformer
movie games or not, it's Transformers Rise of the Dark Spark that's coming out on Playstation
3, Xbox 360, Playstation 4, Xbox One, Wii U, and 3DS.
Also this week we've got Grid Autosport, which is out on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, which
is kind of cool, it's being published by Codemasters and they actually have, it's funny
how Codemasters kind of jumps between publishers and stuff, so now it's Namco Bandai publishing
it.
Outlier Rorona Plus, The Alchemists of Arland on Playstation 3, also, let's see here, oh,
actually that would be it.
That's it?
Yep.
Alright.
That is it.
You think there'd be more leading up to what, July 4th weekends next week, you think there'd
be a little more, but maybe they just figure a lot of people are away on break or whatever.
Well, spoiler, next week there's really only, there's two games coming out next week, Sniper
Elite 3 and the Far Cry collection on 360, which I was hoping that would come out here
because it's in the UK, but I don't think it includes the first Far Cry, because the
one in the UK included the first Far Cry on 360 but not on PS3, because they never did
one on PS3.
Right, right.
Interesting.
Alright, well, going over to Japan, looking at the rest of the world and the release dates
there, on the Playstation 4, Musou Orochi 2 Ultimate is out on June 26th, as well as
Watch Dogs gets its release on the Playstation 4 in Japan this week.
Over on the Playstation 3, an awful lot on June 26th, that's my birthday, it's all, they're
celebrating my birthday over there in Japan this week with all these game releases.
Cross Channel for all people, Date Alive, Arusu Install, there's a regular and limited
edition for that, there's the Devil May Cry HD collection getting a price reduction, Grand
Theft Auto 5 gets a price reduction as well, Kamen Rider, Kamen Rider Batride War 2 in
a regular and premium edition comes out from Bad9Amco, and Watch Dogs gets its Playstation
3 release as well, and also Biohazard Revelations Unveiled Edition goes into the Playstation
3 the best, which of course Biohazard means it's Resident Evil over there in Japan.
On the Xbox 360, just some price reductions as we look at F1 2013 and Grand Theft Auto
5 getting price reductions, but Watch Dogs also gets a 360 release in Japan this week.
On the Wii U this week, Kamen Rider Batride War 2 is out on the Wii U as well.
And lastly, looking at the Playstation Vita and the 3DS, on the Vita, Cross Channel for
all people, Freedom Wars, Girls and Panzer, Senshado Kiwa Meimasu comes out, there's a
whole accessory set coming out for that as well, so this is a pretty big one, Robotics
Notes Elite comes out as well, and lastly on the 3DS this week, if I can get to those
dates here, oh, much less on the 3DS, but for you music game fans, you'll recognize
the name Taiko no Tatujin Don Tokatsu no Jiku Daibuken comes out this week on the 3DS, so
if you like your taiko drum master, you can import that, but hopefully you have a Japanese
3DS to play it on, because it is region locked.
There's also a pen set coming out too, that matches.
That's completely stupid that the 3DS is region locked.
Releases over in the UK, Dark Soccer's not here tonight, but I have them up for you.
On June the 25th, the Another World 20th Anniversary Collection's out on PlayStation 4, Vita and
3, and the Swapper out on PlayStation 4, Vita and 3.
As far as some retail releases, you have Grid Autosport on PC, 360 and PS3 coming out on
June 27th, Sniper Elite on many platforms, that's PS3, 4, Xbox 360, 1 and PC, that's
Sniper Elite 3, and lastly, Plants vs Zombies Garden Warfare makes its way to PC in Europe
on June 27th.
I did forget a couple real quick, BlazBlue Chrono Phantasma on Vita was this week, and
a Vita game!
Yeah, there you go, and I got another one, X-Blaze Code Embryo on PlayStation 3 and Vita
as well.
So, a couple more Japanese games there.
Alright, so this is kind of cool if you're into, you know, esports.
There is a college, actually, offering scholarships for League of Legends players.
It's the Robert Morris University in Chicago, and apparently they will be the first university
to offer a competitive team on the varsity level, and will offer scholarships for up
to 50% tuition and 50% room and board.
So, that's different, I guess, seeing esports actually being part of, you know, college
sports.
It's cool in a way, I mean, as somebody who's obviously a big gamer, it's nice to see that
happening.
It's, I go back to those days when, you know, we were focusing exclusively on music games
and we talked a lot about DDR and what was going on in that scene, and you remember when
DDR became a sport in, like, Norway or something, one of the Scandinavian countries, I remember
we talked about it here on the show a lot, you remember that when that happened?
DDR became, like, an officially recognized sport in one of those countries, and we talked
about, like, could it become a sport here and so on, and it was interesting because
you saw more and more DDR that would hit school classrooms and things like that, but one of
the interesting points that was brought up is about how, well, when you have a ball and
you go outside and you have those types of rules, you know, you can really play those
games with anything, I mean, as long as you have, like, a ball, you can play soccer.
Now, granted, you might, or I guess you have to have really goalposts, too, but you know
how people, you know, people will kind of modify these types of games, like, they'll
say, okay, well, that tree is the goal or something, you know, you know what I mean?
People, like, modify these things sometimes, right?
But when it comes to an e-game, there's a third party involved in making the play field,
and only they can do it, and only they control it, and it was, I don't know, I don't know
why, but that's what my mind kind of always goes to, is, like, a really interesting difference,
and I, and I get, you know, and I'm sure some people, chatters are gonna say, oh, but there's
regulation rules, especially when you're playing in college, and you can't use any
ball because there's regulations on the ball that you can use, and there's regulations
on, you know, what, what the sizes are and everything like that, yeah, I get that, I
get that, I get that, but those, I, I still feel like when we were talking about esports,
they're still a third party that's ultimately in control of all of that, they can kind of
change that on a whim, too, like, aren't they making changes to some, some pretty big changes,
some League of Legends maps?
Like, that seemed, that was in the news not that long ago, I think we talked about it
on Hoard House this week, so, you know, I, I don't know, it, it's weird when you have
a, it, I guess it feels way more commercialized when this third party's in control, and I
even realize, yes, there's the NBA in the, well, I guess, but they aren't involved with
college, either, but NCAA, if you will, or whatever, like, I, I still feel like there's
just, like, a difference here.
And it also seems really weird that it's this college doing it, I mean, I could see something
like, you know, a game design college or, like, some sort of tech, like, I could see,
you know, MIT or something doing something like this where they have, you know, a team
that's playing esports, maybe that's too cliche, but it just seems really odd that
this random university's doing this, but hey, whatever, that's cool.
It gets them a lot of press, and certainly, you know, if you're a college trying to recruit
some smart kids, you know, putting something out there, you know, anyway, let's see, Raman
in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, if they're giving out scholarships for
playing a fucking video game, I want to see scholarships for people building a computer.
Let's see, SHU100Matt says, DDR was going to be in the X Games a while back, but it
fell through due to music licensing issues.
That was, that was another big issue with the whole sport thing.
That's why you need DDR USA.
You can do DDR USA because it's all Konami originals, for the most part, I think.
Didn't they have, like, Smoke on the Water and some of that other stuff?
That was not in, uh, oh, the arcade version.
Arcade version.
Was the arcade version?
Oh, Stomp to My Beat was in the arcade version.
Ha!
No, it wasn't.
Yes, it was.
Stomp to My Beat was in DDR USA Arcade.
Was it?
Don't play with me on DDR trivia!
We used to play that song all the time!
Yeah, but we used to play it on 4th Mix.
No, I'm telling you, somebody look it up, threw Loki wrong for me.
I just don't remember that.
I thought it was, uh, I know End of the Century was in there, um, I don't remember that being
on there.
Maybe it was.
It's been so long!
How long has it been since I played a USA mix?
That's how we all met, so it was probably, what, like 12 years ago, right?
Yeah, I mean, seriously, so, I don't know.
Sorry that I don't remember.
I'm actually trying to look it up right now on Wikipedia, but there's, like, so many frickin'
articles on this.
You just need to look up, was it, uh, let's see, there's releases, list of DDR video games,
let's see, is this Dance Dance Revolution, where's USA?
There it is.
They can click it, and music, show soundtrack.
Right there, biatch, stomp to my beat, JS16 in the list.
Alright, well, I just didn't remember, I mean, sorree.
Dubby Dub would've been a licensed tune, there was Smile Decay, Boyz.
But still though, I mean, they could've, they could've done it, but they could've just, yeah,
just don't do those songs.
Can't do those songs.
Everybody's gotta do La Senorita.
Alright, uh, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Cuz back in the day, these weren't sports, they were just fun.
Every week, Dark Soccer dives into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey,
you kids should be playing this video game this week, but guess what, she's not here,
ha ha ha, so I'm taking over tonight with my take on-
They should've made him play all solo, uh, Dance Dance Revolution solo bass.
Heck yeah.
That would've been awesome.
That was great.
Alright, anyway, quiet on the DDR talk, cuz this game even predates DDR, it's that old.
This is an old, old classic, and it's one that I have chosen, uh, tonight to bring to
the table, and that game I have chosen is Lode Runner.
Let's write Lode Runner, and the way Lode Runner, it's L-O-D-E Runner.
And I particularly remember this on the Commodore 64, but this game does exist on a variety
of platforms, actually.
Uh, so let's talk a little bit about Lode Runner, which is a puzzler game that was published
by Broderbund in 1983, but here's what's made Lode Runner unique.
Lode Runner was one of the first games out there that actually had a level editor inside
of it, so you could make your own levels for the game, and this caused it to be, like,
hugely popular.
Um, because, you know, why do people love things like Little Big Planet, or people are
excited about Mario Maker, cuz they get to make their own stuff and share it with friends,
and that's what Lode Runner was all about as well.
So, um, Lode Runner was developed by Douglas E. Smith, who lived in Washington at the time.
He was an architecture student at the University of Washington.
The prototype, which was originally called Kong, was written for a Prime Computer 550
minicomputer, and it was on the University of Washington campus.
It was ported after that to VAX, and then over a weekend in 1982, Douglas Smith built
a playable version in 6502 assembly language on an Apple II+, and he renamed the game Miner
at that point.
He kept refining that version, and then finally he submitted his rough version to Broderbund,
and he got a rejection letter that said, sorry, your game doesn't fit into our product line.
So he borrowed money to get a color monitor and a joystick, and he kept working on the
game, cuz the original version of the game was black and white only.
So Christmas of 1982, he submitted the game to four publishers, and he got offers from
all four.
So he took the deal with Broderbund, which is interesting.
They rejected him the first time, but he ended up going with them anyway.
So anyway, he was given a $10,000 advance to go ahead and design the game and to do
150 levels for the game.
Apparently, and I don't know if this is true or not, he paid neighborhood children to design
levels with the editor he coded.
Just an awesome way to outsource.
Molons are design levels for my computer game.
All right, so what was the game all about?
Okay, so you played in these levels where you had ladders, and you had, I always called
them monkey bars, but they were basically like wires that you could kind of climb across,
and there were bricks all over.
What you could do with the bricks, you could dig holes in the bricks, and that could allow
you to do several things.
It could allow you to go get through an area without having to use a ladder, because you're
constantly being chased by guards the whole time.
But if a guard falls into a pit, the gravity works a little different for them.
They will not fall all the way to the ground.
They will become trapped in that hole.
Now after about two seconds, they will make their way out of that hole and continue chasing
you.
The holes fill in after about five seconds.
So if you time it just right, or if you build a sequence of holes, like three back to back
that the guard keeps falling in back to back and climbing out of, eventually the guard
will get buried alive, essentially.
So he gets killed, and he restarts at the beginning of the level.
So it's a really great way to get the guards to start chasing you.
And the guards are really stupid.
They only chase you, you know the patterns.
They're always going to take the most direct route to you no matter what, but it was the
way you built the holes that could really change the level.
Now of course, you're not just running around dodging guards.
You're actually trying to collect gold throughout the level.
And once you get all the gold, you go to the top of the screen to get to the next level.
And the level designer, you actually have an exit ladder that you can design that would
show up once all the gold has been corrected.
So you can only dig a hole on the sides.
You cannot dig a hole underneath yourself.
So meaning if you fall in a hole and you get stuck, you will die unless you are smart enough
to build like a line of three, fall in a line of two, fall in a line of one.
You can do that really quick if you don't have a lot of guards chasing you.
So kind of neat there.
If you start with five lives, but every time you finish a level, you get an extra life.
And if a guard catches you, of course, the current level restarts.
You can fall as far as you want, but you can't jump.
So very, you know, kind of a simple game in that regard.
But it was the level editor and the fact that people kind of did their own crazy things
with it that really, you know, made this game, I think, influential on some of the stuff
we see today.
The game was pretty well received when it came out.
For instance, PC Magazine gave the game 16.25 out of 18 points.
It said that the game was a tour de force of American ingenuity and the first release
in a long time that can honestly bear the title Computer Game.
Zzap!64 in 1985 said that the Commodore 64 version was, quote, not one of the most recent
games, but certainly one of the best, a classic for a long time to come.
The Spectrum version voted number 37 in the official top 100 games of all time for the
Sinclair.
GameSpot named Lode Runner as one of the greatest games of all time.
Time rated Lode Runner the number one game in the greatest games for the Apple II list.
And Alexey Pajnetov, who designed Tetris, confirmed that it is his favorite puzzle game
for a long, long time.
Now there were other versions of Lode Runner that came out.
This game, of course, is successful in that it spawns a hell of a lot of sequels, including
Championship Lode Runner, which was a sequel with 50 levels, Lode Runner's Rescue, which
was a 3D sequel for Atari 8-bit computers, Hyper Lode Runner, which was on the original
Game Boy.
There was arcade versions of this as well.
And then in the 90s, Sierra brought, because they acquired a lot of this stuff, brought
back Lode Runner.
Sierra brought back Lode Runner The Legend Returns in 94, Lode Runner Online, Mad Monks
Revenge, which actually had online play, excuse me, Lode Runner 2 with isometric 3D gameplay,
and Lode Runner 3D for the Nintendo 64.
And lastly, to note, the Xbox Live Arcade.
In 2008, a remake of Lode Runner was announced at the Consumer Electronics Show, and it was
released in April of 2009.
The game has revamped 3D graphics, more game modes, cooperative and competitive multiplayer
support, six block types, and a level editor, as well as live leaderboards and a timeline
of the game's history.
So there you go, Lode Runner.
Now Lode Runner, I'll mention this as well real quick, Lode Runner was also available
on the Nintendo Entertainment System, so I see some of you guys probably remember it
from there.
Let me jump ahead to a little clip of this Lode Runner on the Nintendo Entertainment System,
because obviously it had a little bit, it made a little more music when he was walking
along.
And it was weird too, because the screen would scroll around.
I don't know if it's the way the game was designed or whatever, but the sprites were
so big that the screen actually panned around to fit it all.
And the other really, really interesting thing about the NES version, the enemies, the guards,
were all Bomberman.
I don't, like they look like Bomberman.
I don't know why they did that, but they did, I guess maybe to recycle some sprites or something
like that, I don't know.
So there you go.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Lode Runner.
I remember it fondly on the Commodore 64, but I think most people probably started on
the Apple IIe, or maybe even the Nintendo Entertainment System, but it's available a
lot of different places.
You ever played Lode Runner when you were a kid, Loki?
I think so, I just don't remember.
I'm trying to see, it doesn't look familiar, but maybe it did.
I played a lot of different games.
I would have thought the creation element of it would have really appealed to you.
But remember back then though, I didn't really, it was hard to be on top of everything that
came out, because you only had magazines.
So I don't know if that ever came up on my radar.
All right, well, you'll have to check it out at some point during the week.
There's lots and lots of different ways to play it, and one of its sequel forms is nothing
else.
I still say the original's the best, and there's all those websites of questionable legality,
but they allow you to play the old school computer games, right?
Like the Apple IIe games, you know?
So I'm sure if you Google it, you'll find a way to play Lode Runner, or remember that's
L-O-D-E.
Although I always kind of thought that was a tongue-in-cheek way of, you know, because
you would load your user levels.
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right, forget it.
All right, that's going to do it for this first half of Orange Lounge Radio, but guys,
don't go anywhere.
We have plenty more show coming up right after this quick break.
So don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this June the 22nd of 2014
with the 557th episode of our show.
Just Loki and I here in studio tonight at our Sakura.
She is out tonight, and yeah, no, Jason's not in town.
He's back home in Colorado.
Shane's doing something else online.
Alan's at work.
So all the usual standby people not available.
So it's just Loki and I, just us.
But you guys with us in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com and on the Skype line
in just a little while, you can add us on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
That's all one word.
Or you can always use the telephone, too, even though I think everybody in this day
and age is really switching over to Skype.
But 1-877-GAME-OLR is our phone number.
Speaking of Skype, if you do plan to call us that way, please do us all a courtesy.
Call Echo 123 first before you call into the show.
Just make sure that you're settings and you sound good and all that good stuff because
nothing's worse than getting a call on the show live that goes, hello, hello, hello,
hello, can you hear me?
Hello.
Hi.
Hello.
Hello.
Are we here in the background?
Are we here ourselves on repeat?
I mean, as lovely as our voices are, you know, we don't need to hear ourselves.
So Echo 123 is always a good protocol.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, beaver.
All right, going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, they're still debating the whole scholarship
thing that came up earlier.
So we're gonna get into that in the FUGL Question of the Week.
So if you weren't here live, you're missing some spirited debate tonight.
And I don't mind spirited debate as long as everybody stays respectful, which everybody
is.
So we're cool.
We're cool.
But here's some more things to debate.
It's rapid fire news.
Let's do some other quick gaming stories.
Loki.
This week, there was, right before the Steam sale, there was this Team Fortress 2 update
tease thing.
And they've been kind of doing that throughout the week beforehand, where people would see
randomly spawning bread when they would use a teleporter.
And they kind of had to do with this whole, I forget what they called the update, the
Love and War update.
They had this 15 minute long mini short film that they had made with the film editor.
And hilarious.
And it had to do with some of the bread stuff and teleporting and there's like a bread monster
now.
But on top of that, there's also some new actions.
They have a new head-butting action square dancing, conga dancing, extreme flips, rock
paper scissor.
They also had some new items that appeared in the game as well.
Like some more costumes, hats and that kind of stuff.
Dance mode icons are very important, you know?
So that's pretty cool.
And definitely check out the short film if you haven't yet.
It's pretty awesome.
It's amazing that they are still cranking out updates to this game.
And it kind of makes you want an actual film from Valve for Team Fortress 2.
That's kind of what you got.
It's just a short film.
Yeah, but I want a full length video.
I want a full one.
It's pretty awesome.
You know, Loki, we don't always get what we want.
I want a playable version of your game.
You will get that eventually.
I'm just getting the end of the stuff done.
He promised everybody episode 557.
Hey, I'm hurrying.
If you don't produce, I'm going to just start calling you Valve.
No, no, no, see, I have to start.
I'll have to do a Kickstarter first, you know, so they don't produce, yeah.
And then, yeah.
Alright.
What else you got?
Anyways, so on top of that, they've been, they started selling a text adventure game
actually on Steam, and this one is called Heroes Rise, and it's a text-only game.
It's pure text adventure without any sort of audio-visual elements to it, so talk about
old school.
But you can pick that up.
They've got, they're on sale right now for $1.99 each.
They have the Hero Project, the Prodigy, and I don't know if they had another one coming.
I realize these are newer text adventure games, but can't you buy some of the classics on
Steam like Zork and Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
Maybe, I don't know if they were on there, but I don't know.
It's newer.
I mean, it's definitely an interesting genre, I guess.
Well, you know, some people prefer reading a book because then you can make up the graphics
yourself.
I'm being serious with that comment, you know?
And your graphics in your head, always running at 60 frames per second or higher.
That's right, your mind is more powerful than current-gen systems.
Always one step closer to the holodeck.
Yeah.
So.
No Zork on Steam.
I thought that some of the old- Good old games probably has it, though.
Yeah, probably good old games.
I used to be on GameTap.
Remember GameTap?
I used to love GameTap, and then they kind of sold and went to crap.
But let's see, I'm looking right now to see if it's something that's available on good
old games.
Yes, the Zork Anthology is available for three bucks on good old games.
And speaking of Kickstarter, a game that actually was pretty interesting when I got to check
it out, the demo and stuff that they had, also built in Unity.
Cat Lateral Damage, the first person kitty simulator where you as a cat knock over shit
in your house and just generally piss off people.
But to be a full cat sim, they had to add a few things.
And with that, in this brand new video, they have the ability to take a nap, chase a mouse,
chase a laser pointer.
It is the pure cat sim.
And they are looking to raise $40,000 by July 11th.
And I believe, let's see where they're at here real quick, they were pretty far, yeah,
they're gonna make it.
They're at $36,218 and they've got 18 days to go.
So it is gonna happen.
People are loving what they're seeing in the cat simulator.
So it's pretty awesome.
I was gonna see real quick if they had any stretch goals that they are adding there.
But definitely if you haven't gotten a chance to play the game yet, oh, here you go.
New features and content that they've added since the demo.
You can chase or ignore mice.
You can play with them or catch them.
You can sit in a box, lie in a sunbeam or both at once, chase a laser pointer and completely
freak out, hack up a hairball, find lost cat toys under the couch and play with them, explore
or hide underneath the bed, trip out on catnip, stand at a doorway and be indecisive about
going in or out, meow using state of the art cutting edge meowing technology.
Where's ignore the dog?
Is that a-
I don't know if there's a dog in the game yet.
Maybe the sequel.
It's pretty awesome.
They're gonna try to get some procedurally generated houses and rooms that you can play.
Lots of fun stuff.
Go check it out.
If you haven't played the demo yet, I think you can check it out on their website, maybe
catlateraldamage.com or something.
But if you go to the actual Kickstarter page, they have the web demo actually embedded in
there.
So if you wanna check it out, you can play it.
Or they have a link to it, I guess.
catlateraldamage.com slash play if you wanna check out the demo.
Which I recommend you should if you haven't done it yet.
They really should make cat lateral damage like an MMO.
Where we could all coexist in the same cat person's apartment.
You know, the cat owner that has like 50 cats, we can all exist in that one place.
And here's something that maybe even Jamie, I don't know if she wants to pitch money towards
a Kickstarter, but you can for $60 right now, if you pledge $60, you can make your
cat famous and they will put a photo of your cat in the game as a frameboaster.
Aw.
In fact, they even had one if you pitched enough money, it was limited though, you can
play as your cat in the game.
So that's kinda cool.
Fifth Dream in chat says, my cat is gonna be in cat lateral damage.
So I guess Fifth Dream is to pony down that to get that in there.
But that's awesome.
You know, to give a shout out to an old Xbox indie arcade game that was made by our friend
YYR, you remember about two years ago, he made Bungie Ferret Tossing, which is one of
the OLR dream games we talked about.
He made Bungie Ferret Tossing into a game.
But the opening splash screen is a, you know, please don't actually harm animals because
the joke is that they're explosive ferrets, but he has his responsible disclaimer that
says this game is a joke and you don't actually want to harm animals.
And he put pictures of animals in games.
And so Alan's cats, Maruko, who is still alive at the time, and Sanrio, who is still around,
they actually appear in Bungie Ferret Tossing, which is great.
So even if my cats didn't get in cat lateral damage, they at least will forever be immortalized
in one video game.
So thank you to YYR for making that happen.
All right, um, anyhow, let's talk about some other stories, including free things, yay,
free things.
It will involve Origin, however, so however you feel about that, although I gotta say,
you know, as much as warmed up to it, as much as Origin has been the laughing stock of PC
storefronts and all this over the years, they've made a lot, a lot, a lot of strides in the
past couple of years.
Yeah, the only thing that bugs me about Origin right now, and it's really just my sheer laziness
about it, is that it auto loads when I start my PC.
That's about the only thing that annoys me.
Aside from that, though, I'm kind of over hating on Origin because I don't buy anything
on it.
So it's fine.
It's really funny too, because a lot of people were like, well, everybody hated Steam at
first, but then it grew into this thing that everybody loves.
So now it's like, wow, we really do see like Origin going down so far, at least a similar
path.
And if they keep giving away free shit, it's pretty hard not to like it.
The only problem with the free shit that they're giving away is it was all stuff they bought
in that one EA Humble Bundle that they had.
So it's like, oh, hey, Battlefield 3 is free, yeah, already got it, oh hey, you know, Dead
Space is free, eh, already got it.
I didn't have Dead Space, and I didn't have what they give away in Plants vs. Zombies,
and I didn't have that either, so I was like, oh, score.
Well, one game that they were giving away for free, at least for a 48 hour period, was
Titanfall.
Now, of course, their big competitor Steam does things like this, where you can like
download a game for the weekend, well, Origin's got it too.
Origin is making Titanfall free to download and play for 48 hours.
However, this is the interesting thing about it.
Unlike the Steam free weekend, Origin has the game free for a set period of time that
starts when you begin playing.
So you can make that weekend essentially whenever you want, so a 48 hour demo for you.
Progress during this access is saved, and if you want to purchase the game after that,
you can pick up right where you left off, so that's pretty cool, I gotta say.
So Origin's stepping up their game a little bit with a very recent game there, Titanfall,
which I'm sure they wouldn't mind selling a few more copies of.
Bayonetta 2 is a game a lot of folks are looking forward to on the Wii U.
I know I'm one of them, especially now that I know the original Bayonetta's gonna be with
it too.
That's pretty fucking rad.
Well, to go in line with that, Funimation has agreed that they will release the Bayonetta
Bloody Fate anime feature film in North America.
Bayonetta Bloody Fate, of course, based on the Bayonetta games, which sees Bayonetta
the Witch battling the forces of heaven in a quest to regain her memory.
So there is no release date from Funimation yet, no release window either, but it does
state that Funamori Kizaki will be on hand at Anime Expo in Los Angeles for a special
sneak peek at the English dub, because I'm sure you're all excited about the English
dub.
The screening is happening on July 5th.
I would imagine the movie should be timed around the game's release on Wii U.
I would think that's the smart thing to do, but...
Wonder if they'll ever make that into a live action movie.
I think that might be a bit much.
Have you played Bayonetta?
It's a little crazy.
They can have Angelina Jolie or something.
Or who they get, they can have Mila Jilovich do it.
Why not?
Why not?
Alright, now, could there be more functionality coming between the Wii U and the Nintendo
3DS in the future?
Miyamoto and Takahashi over at Nintendo have talked about that they have some more titles
that utilize a connection between the Wii U and the Nintendo 3DS in the works.
Now Super Smash Bros. will allow you to transfer character data between the two systems, but
that's really all we know.
However, there was a little more that came out.
Quote, with Smash Bros., because the two games have the same gameplay and the same controls,
that game in particular is designed where you want to start playing on the 3DS first
and build up your characters there, and transfer that character data over to the Wii U and
play with them there.
There's no real reason that we haven't done it yet, I guess it just hasn't really fit
into the titles that we have been making, and it's not that we haven't thought about
it.
In fact, with Wii Fit U, we created the Fit Meter, which connects to the Wii U gamepad
wirelessly and transfers data.
Within those plans, we also thought about potentially having some type of functionality
with 3DS that would connect to it, but ultimately we didn't include it.
We also had an idea where, if there's a Wii U at home, and maybe the father or kids have
a 3DS, then we might think up a system where the Wii U would know that you were home before
your dog did.
It was kind of an interesting concept based around that, but we ended up not doing anything
with the idea, it hasn't really worked its way into the titles we've been developing,
but there are some things we're working on that we haven't announced at E3 that do involve
some sort of communication between the Wii U and the 3DS, and then they go into a little
bit of a banter.
We can't say the title, can we?
Not really.
If you were to say it, they would really get excited, and they ended it with, we were thinking
about that with Mario and Donkey Kong.
I'm sorry, whenever they start talking about, hey, we have all this stuff planned, but we
can't tell you about it yet, I don't fucking care.
I just really don't care anymore, because it's just like, they can talk all about this
wonderful plans and stuff, but it doesn't mean it's actually going to come out, and
what they think is something that we'll get excited about isn't this.
Don't get me wrong, there are people that love Pikmin, and there are probably a lot
of people that love Pikmin 3, but for a lot of people, Pikmin 3, nobody gives a fucking
shit about, and that's kind of where I'm at with this thing, it's like, cool, why don't
we talk about what exactly you're saying, you know, what kind of interaction, you don't
have to say the title, just say the interaction, like, give me an example in a generic sense.
Maybe it would give it away, I don't know.
No it wouldn't, I'm sure.
JVMon in our chatroom says, please F0, yes, yes sir, yes sir, he said Mario Kart, I think
honestly Nintendo probably has at least a year long lifespan plan for Mario Kart 8.
They already talked, it's not on our show tonight, but they already announced that Mercedes
DLC is going to come to America, so we know the game is capable of handling DLC, how can
there not be a meaty $20 DLC, because you know Nintendo doesn't skimp on DLC, they will
do a meaty $20 DLC pack that's like tracks, racers, cars, they're going to extend the
life of that game, they don't need to make a new F0, as much as it pains me to say it,
because I really want a new F0, I'm going to have like an F0 track, aw that would piss
me off, that would just be rubbing it, oh my god, if they made Mute City a track in
Mario Kart 8, I would, I'll tweet a picture of my middle finger at Reggie, I will.
Actually I shouldn't, no I'm going to have to do it.
There, we'll see, I don't know, it's, here's my thing, and like I mentioned before, before
I had to change my plans of what I was working on and stuff, I'm just not going to wait for
them, you know, it's like listen, I'll make my own fucking F0, with hookers and blackjack.
Oh my god, wait, you're going to just make F0, but instead of like these futuristic races,
it's just going to be hookers.
Hooker race 2015 or something like that.
It wouldn't do anything with it, no seriously, I just, I wouldn't wait for them, just like
you know, maybe my next project after I finish my game, someday hopefully, is do a new excite
truck, because I'm tired of fucking waiting for a new excite truck, it's just never going
to happen.
Hooker race.
No we're not going to do a hooker race, that's silly and stupid.
I can't imagine a game that you designed doesn't have a little silly and stupid somewhere in
it.
Oh, there's plenty of silly and stupid planned, but I kind of want to make my kart racing
game, because it would be, I have a lot of notes on the design for that, but uh, someday.
Alright, speaking of your notes, let's go to the foogle question of the week, because
you take Facebook and Google Plus, and slam them together, and you get foogle.
Thank you actdeft in our chat room, excitehooker, there you go, get on it Loki.
In serious news though, going to our foogle question of the week, which is about the esports,
which funny enough was kind of a debate in our chat room for a little bit, but we posted
that a little earlier on our Facebook and Google Plus communities, facebook.com slash
orange lounge radio, google.com slash plus orange lounge radio, and here's the question,
what do you think as a gamer about news, like league of legends becoming a varsity esports
team at a college in the Chicago area, do esports deserve the same sort of recognition
as more traditional sports, such as baseball, basketball, and soccer, p.s. happy world cup.
Although I think I mentioned that towards the beginning of the show.
Let's start over on Facebook, and we start with an answer from Renee, my pal from my
killer queens from outer space podcast, and Renee says, I work at the university's rec center,
and then it kind of clicked for me, I'm like well yeah Renee's in the Chicago area, and I knew he
worked, I did not realize he was, so here we go, so Renee gives an interesting perspective here,
and from that perspective, I think this is a great idea that will work towards bringing students
together into a community of their own, make friends in that environment, and learn teamwork,
leadership, camaraderie, and good sportsmanship, and give more choices to be involved with other
students in university life, but I'm sure that answer's got to be a little bit biased, no,
you make a convincing argument, you do, and ER says, I think it's a good thing, I'm not a huge
fan of esports or sports in general, but I did play fighting games at a decent level for a while,
and I can attest that it takes just as much practice to be competitive at a video game
as it does a sport, Raginator says, it's about damn time esports got some recognition,
JV Mon says, esports shouldn't be a varsity team in college, it's just a PC game, if gaming can be
a college sport, I want varsity edition of RuPaul's Drag U with queens from the top colleges, take just
as much talent and practice as games and sports, so why not, could lip sync for your life be an
Olympic sport, that would actually be kind of rad, because it's not that dissimilar from ice
dancing, people, all right, Degenerate Johnny says, as traditional sports such as baseball,
soccer, and basketball concentrate on the physical skills of athletes, so does esports in regards to
the cerebral skill of gamers, however, the best part about esports is that it's competition that
both genders can compete as equals, I believe as esports grow in popularity, we will see more of
a variety of games enter into the group of esports games that already exist, such as MOBAs, lol
Dota, RTSs, Starcraft, and digital card games, Hearthstone, Hex Shards of Fate, you know, you go
down a really interesting slope though with that answer where the whole both genders compete as
equals, I realize that, you know, in most professional sports right now, that's not the way
it works, but there's a lot of people kind of clamoring for, I seem to remember years ago, wasn't
there a woman who was like getting really far into getting into an NHL team, I want to say it was
hockey, maybe SSG100 remembers this better than I do, but according, then you have like NASCAR,
you know, and a factor, but obviously these are very few sprinklings of, you know, women in what
have typically been male-dominated sports, so it's, that's an interesting, very, very interesting,
you know, answer there in that regard, so, but it is, it's kind of a slippery slope to begin with,
because I think many would argue that, you know, both genders should be competing as equals in the
other sports too. Anyway, Awesome Unicorn says, well, I don't personally find MOBAs appealing,
I am definitely supportive of gaming being taken seriously, I'm still a little concerned about if
games with a fantasy skin like League of Legends or Dota will be taken as seriously by the general
public compared to, let's say, a war-themed game with a Command & Conquer skin. Critical Myth says,
I'm for it in general, but I'm not sure that a game infamous for its brutal and disgusting online
environment should be the game to get the attention credibility, but I realize that's more
of a function of which game the community supports more than any other reason. You know what, that's
a really important answer, is that, you know, League of Legends and some of those MOBAs have
really toxic online environments. They're really, really bad when you get that anonymity. Hopefully
this brings a little more classiness to it, but I think though, I mean, and it goes without saying,
there's certainly some toxic environments when it comes to, you know, shit talking in basketball
games and baseball games and things like that too. Unfortunately, that sort of trolling isn't
exclusive to MOBAs. However, and this is important, when you can be anonymous, like in a computer game
like League of Legends, it's a little easier to say some shit you wouldn't say to my face,
like you'd have to do in baseball or basketball. So that's something. All right. Let's see. Also,
we have DJ Rama S who says, frankly, it's bullshit to get a scholarship for playing a damn game. What
the hell do you need a scholarship for that? You can't take courses in video gaming in that aspect,
and I don't see the point in it either. If they're doing that, then I expect scholarships to be
handed out for computer building and networking as well. Want to impress me? Give them a scholarship
designing the game instead of playing a game. It's a joke. This is some very diversifying opinions
there over on Facebook. Let's go over to Google Plus and see what folks said over there because
I've been waiting for it to load. Fantastic live radio. Okay. We have a few comments here,
starting with Redertainment who says, I'm sorry, but I can't leave my gamer hat on for this.
As a member of the community, I would have a problem with my chronically underfunded public
schools spending a large amount of money on a sports program, even if that sport is esports.
Was this school a public school or a private school?
I don't think it's... I don't... It sounded like a private school.
Not to discount the opinion here, but just wanted to make sure that clarification is out there.
Ronnie B over on Google Plus says, I expect virtual sports to become more and more of a
serious and accepted thing in society as we head into the future. With the advancing hardware like
the Rift, Glass, Kinect, Morpheus, and even some cell phones being the start of mixing the physical
world with a networked virtual world, entertainment will likely take on a whole new level quicker than
we thought. Although the media, also the media always tries to link gaming with most tragic
events. So this is a bit interesting. And lastly, Act Def says, think the problem here is or not
recognized as a competitive pastime or whether it's considered a varsity thing or not. I think
the problem resides in calling it a sport or esport. I mean, there are other things that could
get you a scholarship for college, but we need to separate physical sports from esports. Hmm.
Interesting perspective there is that, you know, there are many things you can get a scholarship
to college for. This isn't a sport. It's an esport. Hmm. Interesting. All right.
Kaijuto in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says they should give them a digital
scholarship. It's good for 500 Microsoft points. I like that sassy answer. All right. Let's get
back into some other news. Hey, don't forget to friend us on Facebook and Google Plus so you can
answer our future questions in the weeks to come. Loki. All right. So let's see. Speaking of
things we may not consider sports, there's a fake EA Sports Instagram account. And this has to do
with FIFA 14 Ultimate Team. I guess EA Sports UT 2014 is the account and it's not legit. In fact,
it's actually trying to fish logins for Xbox Live in origin. Apparently they're offering free
in-game currency on the account. And if you log in to try to get this free in-game currency,
it'll ask for your login details and that's where they get you. So then you'll have, you know,
people buying FIFA Ultimate Team cards on your account. Kind of like how they've done past
FIFA games. Hackers are going to steal your money. Hackers going to hack.
All right. Speaking of EA, you know, when Battlefield 4 launched, I don't know how many
of you guys tried to get in there and play it, but online was fucked. Did you try to play
Battlefield 4 online at all? Nope. This isn't the type of game that's usually up my alley.
So I kind of missed this whole thing, but I did definitely saw the rants and raves on
Twitter and so forth. So yeah, Battlefield 4 launched and players had months of connectivity
issues. EA delayed development of the promised DLC packs in order of fixing the bugs in the game.
Now, what's interesting is the CEO of EA, Andrew Wilson, has kind of owned up to some of the
problems of Battlefield 4 this week, talking about, and I guess blaming it of sorts, on the
game's online scope. So here's the quote, quote, for me, the situation we had was unacceptable.
For the team, it was unacceptable. We have worked tirelessly since then to make sure the gameplay
experience got to where it absolutely should have been at launch. And we're focused on that,
and we continue to deliver that value to the player base. Now, notice there's not an apology
there. Now, also, he will not say that, you know, future games will be bug free, but that would be
a foolish claim to make, I think. So yeah, and according to some people that got to check out
the Battlefield Hardline Beta, or Alpha, I guess, I don't know, Alpha, Beta, whatever it was,
apparently, it plays very similar to Battlefield 4, and some of the glitches that you see in
Battlefield 4, you're seeing in Hardline, so. Wow. Hopefully, the netcode should be better.
I mean, since it's, I'm assuming using the same engine, and hopefully they can just transfer that
over, but it is a different developer, so cross your fingers, I guess. It's more of like, I think,
maybe, if anything, consumers can learn to be a little bit cautious, maybe not jump in immediately
for day one, just kind of see how it's playing, because obviously, it's going to be a focus of
a lot of the reviews, especially ever since, like, you know, SimCity and Diablo 3 and stuff,
it's just got to see how those servers are handling things. Let me read the quote about
not making promises about being bug free, because I think it's interesting. So again, Andrew Wilson,
the CEO of EA, goes on to say, quote, it would be disingenuous for me to sit here and say,
we will never have an issue again, because that would mean we are never going to push the
boundaries again, and I don't want to be that company. I want to be a company that pushes to
lead and innovate and be creative, but you can start to do things that give you a better handle
and a better view about what the potential challenges might be. Yeah, but that's not being
innovative, that's being like, you know, that's basically saying, hey, you know what, we're going
to go ahead and purchase this many servers for this game, and we're going to hope that not a lot
of people play it, maybe buggy at first, but we're going to save a lot of money in the long run
once that initial, you know, kind of spike subsides. So did they not know how many pre-orders
the game had or something? It's not, it doesn't matter, because even if they know how many pre-orders
they have, they know that not everybody is playing at exactly the same time, so they're never going
to have enough server spots open for every single person. That's, that's the thing, that's the gamble
is you could do that if you, you know, ideally you could say, okay, we know how many copies of this
game we're printing, so this is how many server spots we're going to have open, but then again,
you're going to lose money because you're going to have all these servers that you aren't utilizing.
It gets a little easier when you start using, like, these virtual servers through, I think,
like Amazon and, you know, like Microsoft Azure servers or whatever, where they can scale it
dynamically, and so they're not having to purchase all these servers, it's just, it's a lot easier,
a lot more flexible, but I don't know. I just think it's like, you know, what was it, last year,
you know, or was it SimCity, perfect example here, yeah, we saw how shitty the Diablo 3 launch was,
it's not gonna be like that with SimCity, and then it was fucking terrible, so I don't buy whenever
a company tells me that it's not gonna be fucking terrible after the last launch was terrible,
because it seems like every MMO, they don't learn their lesson, every MMO that launches
has this problem too, yeah, every single one of them, I mean, some difficulties, you know,
a little bit of, you know, hiccups here and there are okay, I think, I kind of expected, but when
it's just fucked up, you know, and we're not even talking, like, that their servers are being
overrun, it's just bad netcode, like the game just wasn't working very well, that's a little
bit different, so hopefully they got that ironed out for the next game. All right, I think we have
one more story here, and then we're gonna get to the mailbag and the FUs. All right, so game I
didn't really get to play, but remember last week asking about, hey, whatever happened to Ridge
Racer, and one of the games that, you know, they put out last was Ridge Racer Driftopia, well,
apparently that didn't do too well, it was a free-to-play game that was on PlayStation 3 and PC,
came out, I want to say, like, last year sometime, developed by Bugbear, and they had, like, an early
access version of the game that came out in August 2013, it was like a beta, and never, I don't think,
really left beta, but now it's being shut down. They're closing off the servers August 15th,
and so, yeah, so much for Ridge Racer. I don't know why the FU music started playing right there, but it
would seem very well timed, but yeah, so unfortunately, you know, if you wanted to play
Ridge Racer Driftopia, you might want to get into it now, before that, you know, they shut the
servers down, but apparently it's not that great. Actdeft in our chat says, Driftopia was meh,
so I want a real, like, I want a good, you know, PlayStation 4, Xbox One Ridge Racer game from
Namco, like, it would be fantastic. Give me, like, a new, like, R4, you know, quality game.
That's what I want to see. Actdeft is saying, it wasn't, like, bad, but god, it was pay-to-win,
so that seems to be its issue. Yeah, they had, they really hoarded the last, was it the Ridge
Racer game for Vita? I remember it just soured everything, kind of like, man, I was looking
forward to the Vita Ridge Racer game, and then it's like, oh, it's 30 bucks, but you only get,
like, four tracks, and, you know, or four cars in, like, a few tracks, and you have to buy the
rest, and it's like, you know, you guys suck. All right, well, let's go to the mailbag. Every week,
you guys email us, mailbag at, excuse me, participate at orangeloungeradio.com. I mentioned
it's 12 years old, and we had the same email address for 11 and a half of those years.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com is a place to send us an email, and we read your emails here
on the show. Usually DarkSakura dives into the mailbag and reads some of her favorite emails,
but since she's not here, the task has fallen to me, and we have four emails tonight. But,
look, you gotta respond to these two. Without DarkSakura here, I'm gonna need your help,
all right? So, let's start with this first email, which comes from our pal, Critical Myth,
one of the hosts, and I suppose the namesake of sorts behind the Critical Myth podcast,
which airs Monday, Wednesday, Fridays at the Voice of the East Network, vognetwork.com.
John from Critical Myth writes us and says, hey, OLR crew, I was listening to the commentary on
Ubisoft's fumble over the multiplayer co-op in Assassin's Creed Unity, and as a huge fan
of the franchise, a few statements were made that I think were unfair or uninformed. First, Rob,
at one point, you mentioned that the defense given in the written statement smacked of the,
quote, I have a black friend trope. What maybe isn't apparent is that the statement made by
Ubisoft is practically word for word the disclaimer presented at the start of every
Assassin's Creed game. It was originally required because the first game is, after all,
about Middle Eastern Arabs fighting and killing Christian Templars, and there was a bit of
controversy over that at the time. In the larger context, who do we have as playable lead characters?
Altair, Ezio, Connor, Aveline, Edward, Adewell, Arno, and Desmond. So, five out of eight are
persons of color, or at least of prominently non-European descent. I don't think token
representation is really an issue, especially when distinct cultural backgrounds are inherent
to the plot and character development in the games they headline. I have a feeling, and I gotta
go back to what I said last week, so I'm gonna be honest, I don't even remember, but I have a
feeling I wasn't trying to say that as a direct thing. I was trying to kind of say it as a
comparison, but I did neglect the fact that this is a standard disclaimer that they've been using
for a long time about the whole thing, but I'm sorry, that disclaimer doesn't really get them
out of the hot water of the statement that they made about, you know, essentially it's too hard
to put a woman in a video game, which is what it came off as. Whether they have this history or not,
you know, perception is a huge chunk of it, right? And the way the message is delivered,
and unfortunately the way Ubisoft's line came out was, you know, that, oh, we just, you know,
we don't really have time for women. That's how it came across. You know what it really is? It's
just the AI so good, this is gonna be totally gender... whatever. I don't care. It's very
inappropriate of me to say this, but anyways, um, yeah, me of course. Well, let's be real,
it won't be the first inappropriate thing you say on the show, so enjoy it while Jamie talks.
The AI is so good, it's just, she can't decide what to wear before she goes out and, you know,
and assassinate people, and so unfortunately they just, they can't get the character out there.
You're only saying this because you know if Dark Sakura were here, she'd chuck her
shoe at you right now, and luckily she ain't here to kick your butt, so all right.
And it's, it's only mildly funny, but no, seriously, it's just, they just made excuses.
All right, at least you admit it's a cheap joke. All right, uh, okay, let's go back to the email
here, uh, which brings me to my second point. When Aveline was mentioned as headlining
Assassin's Creed Liberation, Jamie quickly dismissed her as, quote, token female character.
This is gross misrepresentation of the situation. Aveline was the lead character in what was
intended to be a triple-A flagship title for the Vita, a game that received significant promotion.
The entire game was centered around a woman of mixed heritage living in colonial New Orleans.
That's about as far from a, quote, token female character as it gets. In fact, it aligns far more
with the positive elements you cited for Tomb Raider. What might not be apparent to those who
didn't play the games or follow the franchise is that players were able to choose female character
models for multiplayer from the start. Even before that, one could recruit both male and
female assassins to join the, quote, brotherhood. The intense criticisms of Ubisoft come not from
the standpoint of, here we go again, but rather, why is this an issue now? It runs counter to the
past several years or games of the franchise. I understand that, and I respect that, but I,
I think, and Jamie's not here to really respond to this, unfortunately, so I'm gonna have to take
my best guess and try to interpret her point here, but I don't think it was necessary that,
necessarily, that Aveline was a token female character in that game, but when they were using
her as the defense, she suddenly felt like the token female character, because like, oh, oh,
oh, but, but here, look, look at this over here, over here in this completely different game in
the franchise. We did this, this whole other thing, but that still doesn't explain why you
said it would take all this money to create female in co-op mode and, and all the, the clothes and
all this stuff, yet Sunset Overdrive shades you in literally less than a week after E3. You know
what I mean? It's just that's, that's the disconnect. And if we're going to do like,
oh, well, it's motion capping and stuff like that. There's a pretty interesting movement going on in
Sunset Overdrive. So, I don't know. Uh, on another topic, I would agree. Well,
before we get to the other topic, I just want to say, you know, I, I hope even though we're
continuing a debate here, I totally respect your viewpoint. And I understand there's a lot of fans
of the Assassin's Creed series who are very frustrated by what's going on, but I'm not sure
that's as much about the game itself as it is a commentary on the industry, because like I said,
this whole dam has been waiting to burst. And unfortunately it took this pull quote and this
circumstance for this. Oh, I shouldn't say unfortunately, because this needed to happen.
It's just, if you're sitting in Ubisoft shoes or you're an Assassin's Creed fan right now,
it's kind of unfortunate. I will say this. I saw a demo of the game at E3 and it looks pretty
darn good. I don't usually super get into these Assassin's Creed games, but Assassin's Creed
Unity looked like it might be pretty sweet and some of the co-op stuff. Yeah, it looks pretty
cool, but I can also see how it's frustrating where like, you know, if you're a female gamer
that was hoping to be the female slashing people up, it's not there for you. And their reason why
is kind of crappy. But anyway, I just want to say, I, I, I do respect the opinion and I understand
why Assassin's Creed's, uh, fan base is probably a little frustrated at why is this happening to
my franchise? Why did you have to open your mouth? All right. On another topic, I would agree that
Nintendo came out strong this E3. What I find regrettable is that many of the games sound great,
especially the new Zelda, but then I remember that I would have to deal with those awful Wii
controllers and my interest takes a nosedive. If the games were fully playable using classic
controllers versus the game pad motion control nonsense, I'd be far more inclined to take the
plunge. I think at least Smash Brothers, I mean, you can do the GameCube controller and all that,
but as far as Zelda goes, they have like a Wii U pro controller that they sell and a lot of Nintendo's
first party games, which is pretty much all that's on the Wii U supports that. Yeah. I think that
would probably be more of a tradition, especially because if they're going to be using the game pad,
it's gonna, it's gonna use that. They're not going to be using the Wii remote. They may have a mode
if you want to do Wii remote and nunchuck, but I think it's probably going to be Mario Kart 8. You
can do Wii remote nunchuck. Yeah. So I will say this. I mean, I, you know, everybody has their
own opinion or whatever. I don't think the game pads as bad as a lot of people think it is. I
mean, yeah, it's big, but when I'm holding it, it actually feels really comfortable. I prefer it
to an Xbox 360 controller. That's for sure. That's the one I can't stand is a 360 controller. At
least the D pad on the game pad works. Anyway, uh, one last thing I thought everyone knew that
Rob's real name is Danny Fantastico. How dare you? How dare you out me on the show? All right,
here it is. John from Critical Myth, uh, sending us that first email. Let's get to the next email,
which the subject line is yo, which I can't help but think of that app that everybody's talking
about this week. If you heard about the yo app, all you do is you said you said yo's to friends.
So it just pops up on the phone. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Wow. That's like only, only like a couple
decades away from was it? It is serious. It's like the flappy bird of social networking apps
right now. It's like, why out of all of the social network apps is this one? The one everybody's
talking about is it's stupid. And with all due respect to the creator of flappy bird,
who I admire being just one person, but it's still like, why out of all the games
on the marketplace are we fucking fixated on flappy bird? I don't know. All right. Anyhow,
uh, this email is actually from serious turtle who sent us the subject of yo who says, I want
to bring up two things. First, Jamie, good old games just had to the moon on sale for a dollar
99. I bought it solely on your strong recommendation and I need another game to make me cry.
I don't play too many eight bit RPGs. So that's a testament to how convincing your sales pitch was.
I'll let you know what I think when I play a few hours, we'll wait, we'll wait for the followup,
which good thing there'll be a followup cause Jamie's not here tonight. And secondly, I wanted
to let Shane know who also isn't here. Maybe he'll hear me. Maybe he's listening to the show. I don't
know. But a serious turtle said, I want to let Shane know that I'm playing Pokemon X. This is
my first Pokemon game ever. And it definitely took me four to five hours to start to get into it.
But now that I'm 12 hours in, I'm really enjoying it. And even though Shane sounds like Eeyore from
Winnie the Pooh, maybe it's a good thing he's not in the room. I still thought that he might crack
a smile at a Pokemon noob joining the ranks as always love the show and depend on your Monday
podcast to start my week off right. Well, no pressure. Your loyal turtle in Philly, serious
turtle. No pressure. I depend on your podcast. No weeks off for me. You better have a game plan
come July. You better take the day off. All right. Next question from EA Skizy, who is taking the
opportunity to turn our mailbag segment into like Ask Orange Lounge every week with his questions.
But you know, I put the mailbag out there for everybody. And if Skizy is going to be one of
four people. Oh no, Shane's listening to the show. Uh oh. Come here, Shane. Come here, come here.
Shane just burst into the room saying, I do not sound like Eeyore. Did you hear that email?
Yes. And what would you like to say to the Pokemon noob who got into Pokemon X,
even though he called you Eeyore? Congratulations. And you're an idiot.
Could the mic pick that up when he literally came in the kitchen and screamed, I'm not Eeyore.
I don't know. I guess we'll find out. I guess we'll find out.
All right. Anyhow, back to EA. The chat room's cracking up. All right.
On to EA Skizy's email who says, hello, Orange Lounge guys and gal. If you could commit just
one crime free of punishment, no matter the severity of the crime, what would it be and why?
Jamie isn't allowed to rob any taco stands because seriously, those guys are working hard. They don't
need that. Come on. Take it easy people. EA Skizy from Milwaukee. And they, by the way, they do say
they did hear Shane yelling all the way over there on the stream. All right. There you go. Live radio.
It's hilarious. Back to, um, back to Skizy's question. Uh, what is the one crime you would
do if free of punishment? Well, sadly, Jamie's not here to say how she would rob a taco stand,
but, uh, I'll ask Loki. What would you, what would you, what would be your crime
free of punishment? Oh, something that gives me a lot of money, I guess.
That's funny. Cause that's where my mind was. That is. I think the crime I would commit is
robbing a bank. I wouldn't hurt anybody. I wouldn't hurt anybody. I just, I just want
the money. Thanks. You said free of punishment, right? I wouldn't even rob a bank, rob like the
mint or something or like, you know, somehow get all the money that Comcast makes in a year or
something. I don't know. Just, well, I also, I don't know. I guess I really have to give this
more thought because like I wouldn't want to take money from people. I want money that insurance
will reimburse or something where the money doesn't directly come out of, you know, people's
accounts. I got it. I got a crime. That'd be perfect. Michael Bay direct the next star Wars
film. There you go. There's a crime. That's the crime you commit of all the crimes.
That'd be hilarious. Just like, let me cast, let me like write the script or whatever for the next
star Wars film. It won't make any fucking sense at all. It'll be awesome. No, I don't know. Money,
of course. Cause you know. You have to remember guys, I'm coming off a 13 episode marathon of
orange is the new black. I'm afraid to commit a crime right now. All right. I am not going to
prison ever cause they'd be crazy in prison. And I realized that was a woman's prison, but
you know, men have just as much drama. If not more, I wonder if there'll be a spinoff series.
All right. Anyway. Well, they, they had men in the first part of it was spoilers. OMG.
I think the first episode of season two. All right. No, he didn't spoil anything. Don't worry.
All right. Uh, last email tonight from dr. Noir who emails us, uh, uh, entitled gaming in Belgium.
Hmm. Uh, I'm going to totally mispronounce this first sentence. Uh, because that's what
happens when you send me, uh, non English words to open your emails, but born that night,
madam at Mrs. Day orange lounge. Greetings from your globe trotting correspondent, dr. Noir.
I just spent the last week in Brussels and I have to say, I am surprised by the absence of video
games in the country. I was at first encouraged by the presence of niche of PS four. Don't worry.
They'll sprout up there eventually. PS four and Vita kiosks at the airport when I arrived,
but if since to find so not so much as a poster or advert for any sort of video game during my stay,
not on TV print or billboards on the streets. This is surprising because even though I am,
my travels often take me to business settings in much of Latin America and I don't do too much
tourist exploring. I usually find some sort of video game shop at a mall or even a mom and pop
store peddling use games here and there here. Zero zip nada. I wonder if this is just a fluke
since I spent most of my time in the business and museum sectors, but I did go into one of the
shopping districts and take the subway and buses several times and I usually see at least a poster
or billboard there. Hopefully some of the local Belgian listeners can confirm. Yeah, we, I,
there's been at least two people from Belgium who have emailed us before, so maybe they can
give perspective. Where are you hiding? Where are you all hiding? Is there, is there like a club
that you have to be in over there to find all the cool gaming stuff? I don't know. Anyway,
Dr. Noir continues, in any case, what I did find is a good number of board games and even managed
to pick up a variation on the standard memory games for my kids, which should provide lots of
fun. It's called Shadow Monsters and the twist is that it includes three pairs of scary monsters in
the deck and if any of them come up and you do not match them, hijinks ensue. One of them has,
you pass your one stack to the right, another to the left, and the last, my favorite, shuffles the
remaining tiles in play. Also, the game matches the monster's image with their shadow, so it
makes the memorization a bit more difficult and suitable for adults or older kids. I also snagged
a bunch of lead figures of Roman medieval and renaissance soldiers that will see great use in
my D&D games in the near future. Anyhow, I should get to my gate now, so here's to, here's a salute
before 10 hours of flight time. Have a great week. Well, interesting. You know, and, and we talk
about that here on the show is that, you know, we're in a very interesting perspective with this
podcasting and radio or on the internet. You know, a lot of radio up until, you know, internet radio
was born was confined to local news and local things, you know, but now that we have the, the
power to reach the world, we really have to be mindful sometimes is that, you know, gaming in
different parts of the world is so different than what it is here. So, so different and granted,
although Dr. Noir, I mean, I would bet that, you know, these, our other Belgian listeners are going
to email us and just be all, he was just in the wrong place. It's everywhere. It's here and here
and here. And you just, you just didn't see it, you know, that type of thing, but still, you know,
in other countries, you know, it's very different, you know, the types of systems that are popular,
the PlayStation 4, the Xbox one, they're not out everywhere. We know how Japan feels about
Microsoft's products and we'll see if history is going to continue or what have you, you know,
it's very different. It would be nice to see them do okay, you know, in Japan stuff. I mean,
they can't, you can't fail like completely every time and they got to, you got to have a comeback
at some point, you would think. All right, well, that was it for the mailbag. If you want to
participate with the mailbag segment in a future week, send an email to participate
at orange lounge radio.com. Let's get into the FUs of the week and get out whatever angst we
might have tonight.
I'll start tonight cause rage nator and chat says, guy, your French needs work, dude. F you to rage
nator. I didn't ask to speak French on the show. It was emailed. So out of respect to the listeners,
I gave it my best shot. Never had a lesson. No, I didn't. I sure did. Maybe, maybe I could learn
a thing or two playing assassin's creed unity or something since it's in France. Uh, anyway,
in all seriousness, uh, F you the week goes to, um, I don't know. I actually don't,
I don't have a whole lot of FUs things to be angsty about. Cause, um, there's a lot of good
stuff coming up with days off work and stuff. So F you to just all the busy-ness that's happening
before two back to back long weekends. Yeah. Busy calendar. Loki. Um, just F you to, you know,
game development stuff taking three times as long as it normally, you know, you think it would.
And I'm kind of used to that now. Cause that seems to be everything, you know, everything I
think that we get done at a certain time, it takes about three times as long because unforeseen
problems, you know, arise and that kind of thing. I just want to get to non game engine stuff. Not
that it's not fun. It's just, uh, it'd be nice to build a show a little bit more like, you know,
I can't really make a video of what I'm doing now because it's completely boring. You know,
no one is a shit about, Oh, Hey look, you can fix your UV coordinates. Yeah. I'm excited about it
because I fixed my UV coordinates. You see, you see the big picture. Yeah. So I don't know. All
right. Just a couple more stories for you guys. And then, uh, we're going to get to the Skype line
at one eight seven seven Gamebo LR or username on Skype, orange lounge radio. But first Loki.
And speaking of unity, um, unity has officially come to PlayStation mobile. So if you, um,
download the newest version of unity, which is like 4.6, 4.5, I think it's 4.5 something. Cause
4.6 is not yet. Cause 4.6 is the one I'm waiting for. That's the one that has the revamped, uh,
GUI, uh, infrastructure. So you can actually make menus and stuff cause right now it's a piece of
shit. Um, but the new version, um, actually has unity for, um, PlayStation mobile and allows you
to create, um, you know, games for that platform as well as easily port stuff from iPhone, iPad,
Android devices to PlayStation mobile as well. And it allows you to kind of to publish on the
Vita platform. Although if you're looking to publish on the actual PlayStation Vita,
like as part of their store, I think you got to get permission from, um, Sony for that. But to
get access to be able to, um, output to PlayStation mobile, you actually have to go to the PlayStation
mobile website. So psm.playsation.net slash portal. And, uh, once you go there, you sign up
and you get a link to download the version of unity that supports that. So that's pretty cool.
And shit right now they, I think, you know, I saw a little bit of the next beta, but I think
we support almost every single console platform right now on PC and stuff. So it's a pretty
exciting. So once I do get to that point where I'm actually publishing something, maybe I will
publish it on, it would be cool to see my game on a, on a Vita. I would be totally stoked by that.
So, um, one of the reasons why I chose you in the first place. So very excited.
All right. What platforms will your game be coming out on?
Um, well, PC for sure. And then the rest is just kind of whatever you can get, right?
Well, um, like it's gonna, I've been trying to keep everything very simple for like mobile. I
don't know if it's gonna, when it's done, I don't know how it's gonna run as far as mobile goes,
but I've been trying to keep everything very optimized. Um, so it's just gonna be testing
to see, you know, I don't even know if it's the type of game that would work well with mobile, but
I don't know. Consoles would be cool if I could do that. I just don't know what's involved with
like publishing to, you know, Wii U or, um, to the Vita. I mean, obviously PlayStation, um,
you know, mobile's a little different, but it's not as easy to find stuff. I don't know,
it'd be interesting just to check it out. I seriously am probably going to run a Kickstarter
campaign at some point, but the thing is though, is if I'm going to do that, I want the game to be
fucking done or at least very, very, very, very, very extremely close to being done. Not this,
Oh, Hey, look, I got playable levels. Give me money. Cause you don't, I just don't, I don't
trust myself, you know, to, you know, but, uh, it would be, it's good for getting exposure out
there for your game. And also it helps with like the green light process and stuff like that to
get people excited about something. All right. Well, something, uh, some folks might be getting
excited about is a new movie that's coming out all about video games. It's called video games,
the movie, which was, uh, the result of a crowdfunding campaign. Actually,
speaking of all that stuff, it will be released at theaters in North America on July 18th,
but I wouldn't really expect it to see in every Cineplex across America. Um, but, uh,
before the film is in theaters, the initial debut will be on July 15th via an iTunes exclusive
release, which there's been a few movies recently that kind of dabbled in that. So I think it's
been kind of successful. Um, the movie is narrated by Sean Astin, who is one of the Goonies, uh,
also in the Lord of the Rings movies. Right. So he's done a few things there. Um, he, in the
movie, it will be documenting the rise of the games industry from when it was, you know, just
the little pixels on the screen to basically the gigantic, bigger than bigger budgets than movies.
They are today, uh, variants film president Dylan Marchetti in a statement said, quote,
everybody loves a great video game. In recent years, they've evolved into something way beyond
what any of us who grew up playing an eight bit system could imagine. But regardless of whether
you're up gaming until 3 AM or haven't played a video game in decades, there's something for you
in this film. And we think audiences will be delighted. Well, we'll see how well this does
when it comes out in about a month. So, all right, by the way, there's, uh, some other people,
I should mention some of the other people in this game. The film was also produced by Cliff
Pizinski, Cliffy B. Right. Uh, some of the people that are in the game, Zach Braff, Chris Hardwick,
Wil Wheaton, Nolan Bushnell, Hideo Kojima, and, uh, Alison, Alison Haslis. Sorry. I always say
her last name wrong. Sorry about that. But, uh, yep. There you go. Some of the people to, uh,
expect in the movie. All right. That's it. We're done. We got through all the news.
So it's your turn. We're open up the Skype line. 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio. If you'd like to give us a call, uh, we will take your call and we'll leave
the Skype line open for a little bit just to see if anybody's going to get through. Uh, in the
meantime, while we wait for some calls, I don't know if Loki has any last minute stories. I think
I have a couple Twitter topics I can pull up. I do have one thing. Uh, apparently the, uh,
Dropbox account for CD Projekt Red was accidentally turned public,
um, for a little bit. And, or it was, I think it was Dropbox or Google Drive or something like
that. And people are able to grab the, um, uh, what was it? The build documents for,
uh, Witcher 3, including all the spoilers and everything. So watch yourself out there.
Don't spoil or don't, uh, check out those spoilers. If you're trying to actually save,
you know, I wonder if they'll change it. The game's not due till early next year.
I wonder if they'll go back and change some key things. I doubt it. It might be too late to do
that. I don't know, but I'm sure some of the stuff will change because it's just a design doc, but,
um, uh, I want to say someone said 36 endings. So I don't know. All right, let's go to the phones.
We do have calls coming in, so let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Legend of Zaku here. Hey, Zaku. How you doing, buddy? Uh, nothing much. Just killing,
just killing a Sunday evening trying to, you know, uh, dull the loss. Well, not even loss,
but just like last minute draw of, uh, that soccer game. Yeah. You know, I don't do a lot of, well,
it's funny when I was younger, actually I played soccer for like five years when I was younger,
if you can believe it, when I was in like grade school or whatever, but nowadays the only soccer
I know is Mega Man. Yep. Well that, and right now I'm like, uh, playing flight simulator, trying to,
you know, land, well, actually taxi a plane back to the gate. Do you get into a lot of
those simulator games? Is it just flight simulator or do you like to play like farm simulator and,
and Europe flight simulator? As you can see, I bought myself a little choice, you know,
little messy. He's showing us on webcam, by the way, you have a messy desk, young man.
Yeah. I managed to put the plane on the ground without killing people. All right. Well,
congrats on safely landing the plane. Do you have aspirations to fly in real life
or is it just now just, just for games? What do you have aspirations to fly like IRL like
in real life or now just, just computer simulations? It's just one of those things
I've, you know, put off for so many years until I went to Micro Center one day and I saw for 30
bucks. I said, what the hell? I just, you know, I bought it, bought, you know, went to Best Buy to
get a cheap, uh, flight stick. And then that, you know, and then from there it's been snowballing.
Well, you're not the, you're not the only one that feels that way because you don't
our chat room over at live dot com says flight SIM 10 is the best. I still play it.
Yeah. I just, uh, I mean, I'm lucky. I still had, they still had box copies over there.
Well, what's on your mind. Did you, did you want to talk to us about flight Sims or was
something else on your mind tonight? I guess, uh, mostly, um, the whole,
I guess we'll see about E3 and how, you know, because I've been out of the loop for a while
and the fact that, um, a lot of games such as, uh, Kingdom Hearts three, very tight-lipped
to the point where, you know, they're really not, they really have a story down, but whether or not
Disney will actually let them use some of the more recently acquired properties just in time to make
whatever deadline they have set forth for the game, it's yet to be seen. Like if, you know,
possibility, like even the creator of Kingdom Hearts was, was stating that he would love to
only if he was able to like whether or not Disney's, uh, willing to license anything
in the realm of Marvel and, or Lucas or such a thing.
I would love to see something like that come to fruition as I think a lot of people would,
but yeah, it just, especially with the Star Wars stuff, you know, Star Wars kind of has its own
video games and so does the Marvels. So I don't know, but then again, so there's tons of other
types of Disney games. So I don't think anything's necessarily off the table. Um, I would think though
that the creators of Kingdom Hearts kind of already know where they're going with the story
and have kind of already planned out what worlds are included, but it's not like they can't, um,
they don't have access to rather like some of the Disney stuff that is coming out in the future.
I mean, Disney has their movies planned through like, I'm sure 2018 or 2019 at this point.
I would imagine they would have like a long-term roadmap.
So I imagine, you know, uh, the folks at Square get privy to some of that information
because like I think about like Tron, uh, not just the Tron, the 1985 Tron, but Tron Legacy
was in the 3DS Tron game and that wasn't that long after the movie. So it's like, you know, it's,
it is possible to get the newer stuff in there, even though the games might have
a long development time.
You think also, uh, then you also run the risk of a scope creep and then whether or
not you're able to punt the release date further, even though you're aiming for quality,
you pretty much, uh, you might get carried away.
Honestly though, Zaku, I think when it comes to these games, I think we'll be
lucky. We'll be very lucky if Final Fantasy 15 is next year. I honestly think at this point,
I'm thinking more like March, April, 2016, like in time for the end of the fiscal year.
I think that's when you're going to get a Final Fantasy 15. And honestly, Kingdom Hearts 3,
not tell well after that. And like, I'm, I'm talking like 2017.
I mean, so far, sure. They even have demo footage right now.
But is it playing?
You know, completely knowing that Tokyo Game Show is like only a few months away.
And, um, hopefully if anything, because the fact that Squeenix really didn't put out as
much for E3, because they're really not at a point to actually, uh, divulge any of it.
Hence the reason why they're trying to spread most of the news regarding, you know,
Kingdom Hearts and whatever other game they're going to come out.
Don't get me wrong, Zaku, I would love to be wrong on that, but it's just kind of like,
you know, these games take forever to develop and Final Fantasy 15,
didn't, I mean, it's been in development since it was 13, uh, side story, whatever it was called.
Loki, what do you want to say on that?
I don't think, uh, I think Final Fantasy 15 would probably be,
um, maybe, I think it's gonna be next year sometime,
because they've already had tons of footage of it and stuff.
Kingdom Hearts 3 though, there's hardly been anything for it,
and I'm guessing we'll maybe see like a better reveal at Tokyo Game Show,
but I would say maybe spring 2016.
Yeah, yeah, that, well, as I said, it really depends on how far
long they've gone in the process, whether or not A, they managed to make any, any front,
you know, any progress on the actual development, and B,
whether or not they have all the voice talents marshaled up and written scheduled.
It's all speculation.
One half is getting the game, you know, built out with all the assets and code.
The other half, and the more important half, is essentially the acting.
The fact that if they did decide to, you know, to go big and do like,
you know, Star Wars or anything Marvel related,
they have, they would have to at least schedule that well in advance.
Like if they pulled the trigger on this, knowing that they,
that Disney pretty much gave them the permit, you know, authorization to do it,
then yeah, they would, you know, assuming they got,
you know, assuming they got it a lot, a lot earlier than what we're anticipating,
they might have everything ready to, you know,
if they're running it concurrently, they might have everything.
I do think though, Zaku, I think you're onto something when you say the Tokyo Game
Show is probably going to show us a little more.
I kind of expect that would be, you know, when we'll get an update, if nothing else,
on at least 15.
I don't necessarily know if Kingdom Hearts 3, they'll say much more on it.
I mean, maybe just little sprinklings, maybe a new trailer or something like that,
but I still kind of think they're pushing the 2.5 remix.
So I bet at Tokyo Game Show, they give away that there's like a trailer
for the third game when you beat 2.5 remixers.
But see, that's the thing with 2.5 remixes.
I think when they're putting that out now, that the timing of that says that
three's not too far behind, because it wouldn't make sense to me to put it out
that far away from three, because they've been doing one each year,
and that makes you think, well, maybe it's going to be next year.
But I think it's still too...
Keep in mind, the remakes are essentially just mostly texture swaps,
but more importantly, getting it to run on the PS3 architecture.
But you're right, those take at least upwards to a year and a half of dev cycles.
But either way...
They're going to take you an entire year to understand anyway, so you know what?
Either way, TGS or hell, even PAX East.
Squeenix has, out of all the other developers aside from Ubisoft and Microsoft,
Squeenix still has some sort of presence.
That's whether or not they'll probably be the biggest ones.
I still think PAX is really their time to push the MMOs too, though.
Like 14, I think.
Because you know there'll be an expansion to support for that.
I kind of see that as a factor.
They're probably going to push them 2.5 remix.
And then they're going to save three.
They're going to start teasing a lot more three in TGS.
And hopefully PAX East.
I'm thinking PAX East.
I don't know, it's kind of like a far-fetched, wily-eyed idea.
But think about the fact that there's not that many larger game devs in PAX East anymore.
It's mostly indies.
And you know, to a point, with the Squeenix being one of the very few,
who knows how much more space they might give them,
especially if they have something exclusive like Kingdom Hearts.
Who knows, Zaku?
Who knows?
Because we could speculate for another four hours, I'm sure.
But Zaku, I gotta let you go so we can get more calls.
Thanks for the call.
Have fun flying.
Don't kill people.
I landed, all right?
Now I gotta shut off the engines.
All right, bye.
Don't hit the wrong switch and you know, collide the bla-
You know, like accidentally you think the thing's in park and it's in drive
and you just go, boom, right in the terminal.
All right, anyhow.
Let's get to some more calls.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
I thought we had the call.
Let me try that again.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Raging Eater.
Hi, Raging Eater.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Um, you know, one quick news story that wasn't covered in tonight's show.
Although Bobby Blackwell did touch on it slightly, you know, during his show earlier tonight.
What, you're trying to say he's better than us?
Is that what you're trying to come out here and say?
Oh, no.
I did not see anyone's bearing on the show.
I was just saying nobody wasn't covered.
Uh-huh.
Them's fighting words.
Yeah.
I'm just kidding.
What's up?
What's up?
All right.
As we have been rumbling and hearing rumblings for the past year or so that supposedly the
Games for Windows was going to be, quote, unquote, shutting down July 1st of this year.
And we already started to see how that happened, too.
Certainly being where we are in place.
But I looked to Bobby earlier tonight, basically saying, Microsoft is saying,
we're not going to take down the servers for Games for Windows.
So you can continue to download what you already bought, play your games, so on and so forth.
And personally speaking, I'll say this.
I didn't really like Games for Windows too much.
But in a way, it's kind of a good thing to keep your service going.
If only because there's some content that I did buy through Games for Windows before
I jumped ship to Steam.
Not only that, but even for those people that have long-term Steam users, there's probably
some games that they've used for a long time.
Users may have bought games for Windows in one capacity or another.
For example, if you have the Lost Planet games, be it original or second one, or even
Street Fighter Plus Tekken, all those games use Games for Windows, even though you may
have bought them on Steam.
It really seems to me like Microsoft is pretty much like they're just ending a lot of the
support for Games for Windows Live.
But they're kind of like, we're not going to unplug the computer.
But when it stops working, there's not exactly going to be anybody here to fix it either.
That's kind of the sense I get from the whole thing is that, okay, they're not pulling
it down.
But they're not really investing another dime in it.
Yeah, true.
Yeah, I mean, I'm the first to admit that Games for Windows in and of itself as a service
kind of pales in comparison to Steam, quite likely.
I think no one's going to argue any differently.
You know, in Microsoft, oftentimes, it's not the first time, and they're not the first
company to do this either, who sees a good idea, like a marketplace for games like that,
and tries to build something their own and make it work.
And it doesn't always work.
I remember a time being a podcaster for so many years where Microsoft tried very hard
to make Zune cast a thing.
You remember that?
Oh God.
Or Major Nelson's blog cast.
They refused to call it a podcast because they were trying to make the Zune thing like
happen, right?
Stop trying to make Zune happen.
Speaking of which, my wife got a hand-me-down phone.
It's a Windows phone.
What software do I have to use to put shit on the fucking phone?
Zune.
Zune.
Fuck that.
But here's the interesting thing.
But you can sit here and point off all of Microsoft's failures, but sometimes they kind
of take an idea and they do pretty well with it, like the Xbox.
So, you know, sometimes it's just a matter of trying these different ideas till they
get one that works.
But at the end of the day, if it's not making money, if people aren't loving it, if people
aren't using it, then you wave your white flag of surrender defeat.
Yeah.
Well, Peter does, in low-key kind of touch on it a little bit.
Personally, I love the Zune.
Not so much the hardware.
I never owned the hardware itself, but I love the Zune software, you know, the software
player in their marketplace.
I used it all the time before they shut that down and went strictly Xbox, 360, one, and
Windows 8.
But, you know, as a result, I had to switch over to iTunes.
But that's just me.
I'm probably the minority there.
So.
Well, you know, there's going to come a time when even Steam is going to be gone for the
next big thing.
You know, whatever is next in distribution.
There will come a time.
It's probably going to be a long ways away, but there will come a time, you know.
What I don't get it, though, just seriously talking about the Windows Phone 7 here that
my wife has.
It uses a standard USB cable to connect to the computer, but I have to use a fucking
program to put shit on it.
Whereas an Android phone, I connect to it, and hey, look, it's a drive I can dump shit
on.
I don't have to fucking have, like, if I want to make a ringtone, I don't have to.
It has to be 40 seconds.
It has to be under a meg.
You have to tag the genre as ringtone for this shit to pop up.
It's stupid.
All right.
Well, wow.
Did somebody's computer crash with Loki's ring right there?
All right.
Rage in here, buddy.
I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for your call
and I guess rest in peace, Gabe.
But at least, hey, at least you can still play Game Room for now.
Oh, yeah.
I'm still, in fact, I was just playing that all day, actually, so.
Nice.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Yep.
Have a good one.
Later.
All right.
Well, I'll see if anybody else calls in 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype Orange Lounge Radio.
But meanwhile, I did see a few things on Twitter I wanted to make sure I got through.
I just saw a tweet come in from Koopa Club, which I plugged at the top of the show.
They just posted episode 52.
So if you need more of me after tonight's OLR, go download Koopa Club episode 52, which
is titled hashtag baby Jessica.
It'll make sense when you hear the show, okay?
Um, some tweets at the OLR accounts.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Superhulk1999 said, talk about great golf games.
I've not played one since Outlaw Golf 2 on the first Xbox.
You a big golf game player?
No, I used to play a lot of mini golf games.
They used to be really big into 3D Ultra mini golf.
Yeah, I am.
I loved Kirby's Dream Course.
I think I brought that game up like three weeks in a row now.
Like on Super Nintendo, I love that game.
But it's not like super authentic golf either.
I would be down for like, I mean, they've got hotshots golf and then they try to do
a golf game.
I think there was one on Xbox one.
I want to say that they put out one.
I've heard the Mario golf game is pretty good.
I haven't played it myself yet, so I can't attest to that, but I've heard it's pretty
good.
Last golf thing I played was golf in Grand Theft Auto 5.
How about our chatters?
Do our chatters have any recommendations of really good golf games over at live.vognetwork.com?
Help a fellow listener out.
S2 and Hunter Matt has tweeted us saying you have to give it up to the hackers.
Mario Kart 8 has been demade for Super Nintendo via a ROM hack.
What?
That fast?
That was quick.
Where's that?
Apparently, I don't know.
He's linking me to a story at retrocollect.com where, let's see, there's a Mario Kart 8 demake
for the Super Nintendo.
Let's see, it says you can't do some of the things that the courses do in the game, but
the tracks from Mario Kart 8 have been brought over to Super Mario Kart as best possible.
The familiarity of the hit Nintendo Wii U's courses are present in the novelty ROM hack,
one which gives the timeless Super Mario Kart another jolt of life.
Interesting.
I want to see video.
Why is there no video?
I mean, they have a patch, but they have the patch that you can download, but where's my
video?
And apparently through the ZSNES emulator, you can play online and do online battle play
on old school Mario Kart.
Does that mean that they act, because Super Mario Kart has, like, a good battle mode?
Maybe that's a thing.
I don't know.
I'm sure there's a YouTube out there for them.
All right, let's see.
Act Def says I heard the Mario Golf 3DS games is good.
Let's see.
Tiger class says you need to download Double Twist for desktop.
Is that game or is that another?
Oh, never mind.
They're talking about something completely else.
It's like, what?
That is a program to sync music to Android phone.
There you go.
Sorry about that.
That was in the midst of golf game chatter.
I thought that might have been some golf game I never heard of.
Any other last minute stories, Logie?
I was going to mention, this was kind of a big thing.
They were, some modders found that the original shaders that were used in the E3 demo for
Watch Dogs were hidden inside the PC version of the game, and they enabled them, and it
looks much better than it does now.
I heard, though, it runs into major performance issues in some places.
It's not so bad.
From what I've seen, actually, they were saying that the performance is actually better, but
it's a little bit buggy.
It's not perfect, but they're working to fix stuff in there from the shaders and everything.
But it's still, once again, developers, if you're taking something out of a game and
you really don't want people finding it, remove it completely from the game.
Do not reference it.
Do not keep the code in there.
Take it all out.
All right.
Well, we're not getting any of the calls, so I guess this is where I close up the Skyline.
We're done.
That's it.
That brings us to the end of another show.
If you want to participate with the show, you didn't get a chance tonight, but maybe
you're listening to us at work on a Monday or at some point throughout the week.
First off, a big thank you guys who support the show.
Those of you that show up here live or those that listen on the podcast feed, however you
do it through iTunes, through Stitcher, through using Double Twist to get it from one place
to another, whatever it is you do.
Thank you guys very much for checking out our show.
If you liked what you hear, please consider leaving us a five-star review.
Oh, here we go.
Here's some pictures.
On iTunes or Stitcher or something like that.
We really appreciate it.
Quickly, Loki, you got some pictures?
Yeah.
If you click on the link on that story, it shows the pictures in robhacking.net.
And I mean, I can't really tell.
I mean, it's all right, I guess.
I just can't really tell because I've never played Mario Kart 8.
I can't really tell what these tracks are, but neat.
I don't know.
I'm more interested in the hacks that they had for Mario Kart Wii.
They had lots of cool track hacks that you can do with just a SD card.
Yeah, that's cool.
All right.
Well, that brings us to the end of another show.
So thanks again for downloading and tuning in and listening to it, however it is.
We will be back, of course, next week with another episode.
We'll talk a little bit about 12 years of OLR.
And of course, take your calls and talk about whatever should happen in the news next week.
I'd imagine things are going to ramp up a little bit again
more and more as we get closer and closer to the holidays.
Loki, though, before we say good night to everybody,
I got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I'm building my primitives again in my game that I'm developing
for hopefully the last time.
So once I'm at this and I get to learn how to write a shader.
So all the things I didn't want to learn, I'm having to learn.
My final thought tonight is Mario Kart 8 was super fun today
and I think we need to do more tournaments like that.
So we've got to do something with VOG, too.
I know, yes, I know there is one that has been set up,
but we haven't done a very good job promoting that because E3 happened.
So I think we do have to kind of have at least like a little VOG tournament
or something at some point.
And one of these weeks, I'm gonna have to go in and clean up the Minecraft server
and put the patches up and stuff because I don't think anyone's actually playing it.
I'm still paying for it, but no one's playing.
We haven't talked about it in a while.
So I think if you say, hey, something new is going on, we're gonna do something.
Minecraft server, I just have to update everything because I know that I have to.
It's been a while.
It's collecting dust.
All right.
That's it, guys.
Thanks again for downloading the show and checking it out and tuning in.
That's it.
We're done.
Did I give my final thought?
I don't even remember what I said now if I did.
I'll give another final thought.
My final thought is I think I might actually play some more Final Fantasy XI tonight.
Maybe I'll get to level my character to like 15 or something.
We'll see.
Or I'll get killed again in one hit like I did earlier today.
All right, that's it.
We'll be back here next week to say hooray for 12 years of OLR.
Thank you guys for downloading the show and tuning in and we'll see you next time.
Bye.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
