Orange Lounge Radio
Riverhosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
The next year of gaming and electronic entertainment is about to be revealed as we are less than 24 hours from the keynotes by all our favorite gaming companies.
All about impending AAA titles, new accessories, and future Steam sale fodder.
All this, listless, and more coming up on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live with our 555th episode.
That's right, episode 555.
For this June the 8th of 2014 on the eve of Video Game Christmas, as a lot of people refer to it.
That's right, the Electronic Entertainment Expo E3 kicks off.
Technically the expo starts Tuesday, but all the conferences and some of the early meetings are starting tomorrow.
Microsoft kicking things off at 9am, but we're kicking off E3 in our own way tonight.
My name is Rob Robertson, joining me in the studio as always.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you Jamie Summers?
I'm okay.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What's new with you? Anything new and exciting in the world of Jamie?
She's been working a lot at the, I always want to say Lolcat, but it's LoCat.
I'll tell you why I didn't go with Lolcat.
Okay.
Because Lolcat already exists in Homestuck, it's the land of little cups and tea.
I work at the land, hey.
Jason in a mic or we can't hear it.
Yeah, the Homestucks get it anyways, so that's why I went with LoCat, the land of cubes and tech.
That works, that works. It's a good way to kind of, you know, have the anonymity so people don't necessarily know your employer and all that good stuff.
Except that now I know more people, more and more people that work there, and apparently people I work with know friends of mine.
Like one of my co-workers games with Becky's husband.
That's random.
And another of my co-workers who I play D&D with knows Travis.
Yeah, I was going to say I have co-workers that know people that I used to do Rocky Horror with back at the Birdcage, so that's always something.
He knows Travis from a cast before the one that you were in.
Oh, that's old school.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, that's old school.
Wasn't that like the one right before Understandation?
It was, yep. Absent Friends, 95 or so in Sacramento.
So yeah. And I was just like going, the moment he mentions names, because he mentioned names of people I don't know all the time, he's like, I know him.
You do? Yeah?
So lots and lots of networking, IRL, and of course at the E3 Expo this week, lots of networking there.
We are going to miss you, Dark Soccer. I understand that, you know, work takes precedence because you did just start that job not that long ago, so you can't exactly take a week off.
But you'll be missed.
Well, you know, I'm actually kind of glad I'm not going.
Yeah, why's that? Just?
Just because with as busy as I've been and a little tired and on edge, it means I don't have to be around massive groups of people and double my medication.
Yeah, I actually can understand that because I was talking about this at the end of Bobby's show, but I've been just really exhausted too, and I know some people see E3 as a vacation.
Don't get me wrong, I'm very fortunate to go, I'm very happy to go, I realize I'm lucky a lot of people would give a lot to be able to go to the show.
But it's just one of those things where I'm like, it's not just like, teehee, fun, cosplay, play games, all that, it's some serious, like, you know, you gotta run from place to place, you do these meetings, you have all these kind of serious things going on.
It is work. It's fun work. I know, I managed to cute my way into tons of the press kits we weren't supposed to have the few years I did.
Yeah, you were so good at that.
And then hanging out with my buddy Krista, who worked for LucasArts at the time, and going into the Q&As with her, because she was like, oh, she's with me. Bye, bye.
That's the shit, that's how I got to play Popula Cross at first. And they were like, you know what the hell this game is? I was like, yeah, and thanks to Loki here, I now have the game and have to play through it.
There you go.
But I don't know, as long as one of us, or a few of us are going, I don't feel bad about not going. Honestly, it's a little too much for me.
That's a good way to look at it. Are you gonna try and play the at-home game?
No, I'm actually not.
You're just gonna kinda come absorb everything next week at the show, or bits and pieces here and there?
I may watch a thing here and there, but my plan for the week is work.
I have a hard time believing if they pop out a new Mass Effect trailer, you won't be doing 90 miles an hour on the way home to go watch it.
At that point I say, bitch, please. This is me we're talking about. I mean, of course I'm gonna see stuff I'm gonna get excited about, but honestly, I've decided that the week is actually gonna be spent on myself.
Because with my new schedule, I'm working in closing shift, so I work 1130 to 830 now, that means I can actually get up in the morning and go back to the gym instead of doing it after work when I'm dead tired.
You know, that's what I did last year. I did kinda the home game, and I'm using my quote-y fingers, covered E3 from home, but that just basically means I supported Bobby and all that with what he was doing.
I did end up driving down there later in the week, and we did the Disney 3 thing, but earlier in the week, you know, I just kinda hung out and it was a great kinda charge the batteries, so I think you'll have a good week.
Yeah, bye.
You get all the good stuff on next week's show.
But hey, you got to play an Ouya.
Alright, Techmaster Loki always has something to say. I did get to play Ouya last year when I-
Yes, because it is disappointing as owning an Ouya.
I didn't walk away from the Ouya experience last year with the heap amount of negativity that you have for it now. Granted, it wasn't out yet. I was seeing demos of some games that were probably the better games that were on the system.
Well, and also to be fair, there are a lot of games now I think are more polished than they were when I had it, but no.
Yeah, and there's still stuff that they're cranking out as well, so you know, they're still trucking along, doing their thing, and it's still a very low-cost alternative to get some of this other stuff, so it'll be interesting.
But yeah, the experience last year was kinda funny in that regard that I actually picked Bobby up at the Expo, because you can- I don't know if they like people knowing this, but you can go in the- like, the LA Convention Center is practically a public place.
You can walk in, it's very easy, you just can't get past the line to go to the hall. You can't actually get in the hall, but you can look through the window and see everything that's going on, do all that, and there's some stuff that's on the outside, like the Ouya was in the parking lot last year.
Not that I'm saying you should all go down to the Convention Center and make it more crowded than it already is, but the fact of the matter is, it is in the heart of downtown LA. It's next door to the Staples Center. There's a lot of activity down there.
I'm gonna finish all these puzzles this week, and that's one of the most exciting things about E3, honestly, is finishing these fucking puzzles on my DS, because a new one pops up every other day, it feels like. So, I'm excited.
I'm gonna be totally watching everything. I've been watching everything.
All right, I'm going to our chat room before I introduce our fourth in-studio co-host tonight. I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, because of course we do tape live at the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show on Sunday nights.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern is the time to be here. And, let's see, I'm looking at Brad from Pod Culture, starting us off, saying, Ouya isn't that bad, they just had bad timing.
It is actually a neat little bit of kit. And then, let's see, Dungeon Buster says, All the Mass Effects in our chat room. I'm sure there's a lot of people hyped for that.
If there is a new Mass Effect trailer, Dark Soccer, it's gonna hit tomorrow. You could possibly be 24 hours less than away from Garrus on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, possibly.
If they hear it while I'm at work, I'm just gonna have to watch it during my break.
You're gonna have to take a personal, like, I have severe diarrhea, I need to go to the restroom right now.
Why are you going to the bathroom with your headphones? Because I'm going to be shitting loudly. I don't want to hear it.
Sorry, I was-
I'm gonna bring a change of underwear with me to work.
I was watching an episode of Orange is the New Black last night, maybe- alright, anyway, I'm just- anyway, I'm not gonna go there.
Alright, say hello. He was watching this with me last night. Say hello to VX JasonXV.
I'm melting! I'm melting! God, it's fucking hot up here.
It is hot. Welcome to Satan's Butthole, California.
And it's funny, because it wasn't terribly different, you know, I was here just a week ago, and things haven't changed that dramatically.
And I grew up in the desert, and God, the Bay Area has spoiled me. And I don't even live there. What the hell is this?
Well, here's the good news. I checked the weather for LA next week. 70s and 80s.
Nice. I'm very happy to hear that.
Especially if we're doing the Disney thing later in the week and being outdoors all day, it's very nice news to hear.
Because Disney in 100 degrees, not as fun. So, very good to hear it.
In fact, I believe if I caught this correctly, this is not your first E3.
It is not my first E3. This is my second in a decade exactly.
Your last one, we were at together for DDR Freak.
2004, absolutely.
That was also my first E3, and I remember we went to the Dear Friends concert together. That was one of the first times you and I ever hung out.
That was the year of the thumping floor.
That was the year of the thumping floor.
Thumping floor.
We went to some presentation, and it was on this big diagonal, and people were sitting on the floor, and they put subwoofers on the floor.
I'm sure that made for the interesting experience for the attendees.
So, a decade later, I'm going to tell you, the show's changed a lot. An awful lot.
No more Kensha Hall, rest in peace. Which is really sad.
You'll be able to see down there, and it's a bunch of parked cars. You're like, what the hell?
Of course, I don't know if the layout of the convention center's changed at all because of the construction for the farmer's field football.
It doesn't seem like it based on the booth maps and things I'm seeing Bobby's posted on VOG Network under our interactive coverage, E3.vognetwork.com, which I'll come back to later.
But you can actually see the booth maps, and it doesn't look like it's changed, so I guess they didn't really start that construction yet.
I remember watching E3 coverage, people that were livecasting throughout the whole week, and when I was there in 2004, everything was very open, like booths.
There wasn't really these dividing lines. There were decorated walls and everything that was being showed off.
The biggest walls that I can think of are either supporting beams or squares ramp up to their back wall in their inner enclave showing off Final Fantasy XI.
Ah yes, the theater.
Yeah, that's exactly what it was. But then when I watched it a year or two ago, everybody had these big enclosing, draping curtains everywhere, which seems to be really terrible to accommodate that many masses of people.
But we'll see.
We'll see. We'll see. Also, very important question that's going to be burning on everybody's mind. It's your first trip to Disneyland, if I'm not mistaken, right?
It is not.
Oh, I thought it was.
It is my first as an adult or anything close to it.
Okay.
I haven't been to Disneyland since I was seven or something.
Okay, your first time truly at Disneyland as an adult, so what are you looking for? I know you're not a coaster guy, but what are you truly looking forward to most at Disneyland?
I actually am looking forward to going back on Star Wars The Experience.
There you go.
Because that was a... I've never been a rollercoaster guy. I cried the first time I went on it because the motion and the experience just overwhelmed me.
It's very different.
Yeah, they redid it two years ago.
It's completely different.
Is it still shuttles and mass rows sitting?
Yes, but it's still...
High definition, 3D.
Sure, sure. And I'm looking forward to that, but it'll just be funny to be in that line, look and see those little triggers that I'll be able to remember.
Sing Star Trek while you're in line for me.
Are you going to cry again? Do I have to hold your hand or something?
Maybe in happiness and not in sensory overwhelming fear.
Alright, sounds good.
I'm sure... I haven't thought about Disneyland for a long time because I've never made plans to go there.
I don't know if Zen still listens to the show, but Zen is a buddy of ours that is sometimes at the Star Wars gift shop at Disneyland.
So Zen, if you happen to be working Friday, have some tissues ready for me, please. As a personal favor, I would really appreciate that.
It'll be really interesting. I've been on a whole recollection kick for the last year or two.
And it'll be fun to just kind of be around and see what I personally specifically remember from being there before.
But it'll be fun. I'll be around great people. I assume a lot of other E3 attendees will be there as well, so fun networking potentials to be made there.
And yeah, this is going to be an insane week for many, many reasons, but I am completely looking forward to it.
Alright, sounds good. Alright, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic.
Actually, I do have a few things I want to mention from the chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Vidpower talking about the Movie Theater Sony Conference experience.
Vidpower says they sold out of tickets here eight hours after the announcement.
I don't think any of us are doing that.
No, they sold out of everywhere, but I think a lot of people started buying... or not buying, ordering tickets to get a certain beta code.
Oh, I think that's what's going to be giving away there? The PlayStation Now or whatever?
It's for Battlefield Hardline.
Oh, okay.
Apparently. The rumor is for PlayStation 4, the beta for that.
Interesting, interesting. So, well, Jason and I are fortunate enough, we're going to the Sony Conference, the real deal in LA.
But yeah, I'm curious. Those of you guys that go to the movie theaters, I really want to hear kind of what that is, because that's a really new thing.
And to get all these common Sony fans in one place to watch it is a really fascinating idea, so I'm really curious to hear how that goes.
I want some Vidpower, I don't know if you're going, but anybody who is going, I definitely want to hear your thoughts on that for next week's show.
Let's see. I read this name as Village Idiot is Matt, and I was like, oh, that's kind of a rude thing to say to Loki, but it's actually Village Idiot's Matt.
Which I'm guessing is another Matt. It says, is it true that the Ouya controller sucks? One of the only things keeping me from trying it out.
Yes, it's not good.
Is it better now, though, than when you had it?
No, because they did have another controller that was a redesign, and I ended up getting a replacement because mine was broken.
It had a really terrible dead zone in it. The new one worked, it wasn't that great, though.
I think they have yet another one, but the thing is, you don't give a shit because you can sync your DualShock 3s to them, and most games support them.
In fact, I think most games support them because the original controllers suck, and you can even use an Xbox 360 controller hooked up via USB and stuff.
There was a lot of options, but I only played with the DualShock.
I didn't think the Ouya controller was that terrible, but it is certainly no DualShock, I'll say that for sure.
Alright, let's get into kickoff topics. We've got a couple things tonight.
I want to talk E3, but I want to talk about one of the big, big stories that's going around right now.
I'm sure a lot of you guys have caught wind of the rumor, rumor has it, that's been going around.
IGN ran a report last night that says, The Last Guardian has been cancelled.
That they had, on good authority, I think their Russian side or whatever, had something that said that The Last Guardian was cancelled.
Well, one of the producers over at Sony said, we had a good laugh about that story this morning.
So, then they had to go back and modify the headline to say, The Last Guardian may be cancelled.
And now it's coming out like, conflicting reports that The Last Guardian is cancelled.
And this caused one of my good friends, Captain Spike from Game Buoy, to say on my Facebook, the old classic line,
you can't spell ignorant without IGN. Which, you know, not to dog pile on IGN, but it's always fun to kind of poke fun.
Obviously, they ran on some information they thought was legit and Sony's coming out and flat out denying it.
What do you guys think is going on? What do you guys think is the status of The Last Guardian?
Which, may I remind you, was first talked about in 2007. It's the new Duke Nukem Forever.
Hopefully, it'll end up a better game if it's not cancelled.
I think it's IGN being full of shit.
Yeah.
I really, honestly, whenever I see anything like that, I wait until I get an official word.
If I remember correctly, it was, I think, because I didn't even read the article, I think I glanced at something on NeoGaf or something,
but I thought it was due to a mistranslation or something, or they took something one way and then took it another way.
Honestly, here's what it comes down to.
They ran it because of page hits.
So, now they had a good chance, and it seemed like it's something that makes sense to run that,
and if they could be first with the story, then they get lots of page hits, and it just happened that it ended up not being true.
Nonetheless, they still got tons of page hits. People were talking about it, and most people forget about this mistake in a few weeks.
So, it's just page hits.
Alright. Anyway, just a note, we're still recording right now for the podcast, but wouldn't you know it, our live feed just went down,
so right now our live listeners can't hear us.
E3 has taken another service down.
Oh my gosh.
The rush is too much.
It's very frustrating, very frustrating, especially on a big show such as tonight,
which is, you know, the weird thing about an E3 prediction show for a show like us who tapes on Sunday night,
literally we're going to have like three quarters of the answers tomorrow.
I mean, and Tuesday is when the rest of it with Nintendo and, you know, the show floor opening up.
So, to do the predictions now is like really for the live audience.
I realize there's two distinct groups that listen to our show, right?
There's the live folks, and then there's the folks that listen to the podcast, most of them Monday morning.
So, you know, hi to you guys that listen on the podcast feed, but I bet some of this is going to be hilarious to listen to in retrospect,
because for all we know, Sony rolls out that last Guardian Trail tomorrow, and, you know, all of this is for naught.
Hey, we weren't the ones that said it was canceled.
That's true. We were not the ones that said it was canceled, so.
And this is when I sit back in judgment.
If this show comes last after the day's coverage, then answers, answers, answers, answers, answers, predictions.
Well, at least we can gauge ourselves.
I think it does put Sony in an interesting pickle where they kind of need to say something on it.
They need to give an update on the game.
I don't think that'll necessarily happen at the press conference.
I mean, well, maybe it was always planned. We don't know.
You can bet that the script for tomorrow's press conference is iron tight.
They are not going to change it, with the exception of if they may have some counter moves planned for Microsoft.
Like there could be like a script A, script B, script C kind of thing.
We have cracked down three.
Well, who knows? Anything is possible depending on what Microsoft does.
They throw the first pitch, so, you know, Sony gets to respond to that in the position they're in.
But you can bet that thing is scripted.
They're not going to just suddenly say, oh, now we have to talk about The Last Guardian because IGN's got a big mouth.
But I do kind of think it puts them in a position where they're going to have to say something.
If it's not part of their planned press conference, then they're going to have to put out a press release or something that says the status or drop a quote to GameSpot, the biggest competitor for IGN or something.
Pull a Nintendo, show the logo on the screen, say, coming 2015.
Well, Sony's also in a unique position where they have that app, too, that they're doing on the PlayStation 4.
So they could always drop something into that, too, if they wanted to. I don't know.
You know, again, there's a lot of questions about this game, so I think many of us would like an update. So, we'll see.
Anyhow, speaking of wanting an update, let's talk about the other half of the kickoff topic I wanted to do tonight.
And that is your own personal thing you want to get out of this year's E3. Like, what's the one thing you're, like, really curious?
I'm not talking prediction because that'll be later, but I'm talking, like, what are you genuinely curious about?
What is the thing you want to see more information about at the show?
I'll start with Jamie because I have a pretty good guess what she might say, but sometimes she surprises me.
Well, apart from Mass Effect stuff.
Okay, that was my guess.
I actually want to know if any of the previous characters played in Dragon Age or Dragon Age 2 will have any real bearing or appearance in Dragon Age Inquisition.
Gotcha. So, Dragon Age Inquisition isn't that far out from release, so you want, like, those final details. Like, who am I going to be able to play? Who am I not? What's going on?
Also, I'm super happy about it, though.
What?
Like, Vivienne looks amazing. Some of the characters just look really nice. I'm trying to be hopeful about it and hope that they don't pull, you know, what they did with Mass Effect 3.
Different script writers! It's done! It's over! No.
Let's see. Going to our chat room because the live listeners did come back, thank heavens, over at live.vognetwork.com.
WhatupG says, Kevin Butler comes on stage. Last Guardian this.
I don't know if Kevin, I think the Kevin Butler thing's kind of dead. I don't know. I don't know.
Loki, what about the thing you most personally want to see at E3 this year?
I just want to see a reason to buy any of these new systems, to be honest. I mean, because, I don't know. I just, I want to see new stuff. I want to see, like, the stuff that hasn't been announced yet.
I don't give a shit about fucking Fable Anniversary or Halo Anniversary. I want to see some new shit. That's what I want to see.
So it's games specifically, not peripherals. It's like, where are the freaking games?
I don't even know if there would be anything peripheral-wise that I'd be even interested in. I mean, I don't know. I guess Project Morpheus might be neat to see if they had any information like when that's actually coming out or something.
But I don't think that they're going to have any of that so early. Honestly, I'd be interested to see a little bit more on Sunset Overdrive. Anything from Sony because I don't even know what the hell they have coming out for the rest of the year. Nothing new, at least.
And then Nintendo. Shit, give me a fucking reason to buy the Wii U. I mean, because Mario Kart's cool, but I need something. I'm not going to invest $300 to play one game.
Or, I guess, two because you get a free game. But I'm not going to invest $300 to buy a handful of games.
Funny enough, though, a lot of people did.
That's cool, but see, I did that with the Wii, and the Wii has collected dust for several years now, so I'm just not going to do that. I need a reason. Because eventually, Mario Kart will get burnt out, and then it's going to be like, okay, what now?
So, I just need to see why I need one of these consoles. I mean, I want a new console. It'd be kind of cool to have one, but I need a game that I'm really excited about.
Like, it would be totally awesome to see a new Saints Row game. I would be down with that. As long as they just don't go fucking crazy. I would just reboot the shit. I mean, seriously, it's beyond ridiculous right now.
I hope they go back, they tone it down a bit. It'd be nice.
Now, some of you guys out there might be kind of a little surprised that Loki doesn't own a new console, but there's plenty of people that haven't made that plunge yet. Plenty of plenty of people.
In fact, I'm looking at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, and SHA100Matt says,
Actually, this E3, more than last year's, will weigh a lot more in my decision making in buying a console. And Dungeon Buster says, I'm still not buying a system yet either.
Three of the four of us in this room right now have not taken the plunge yet.
Oh, I thought Dark Soccer, you guys had a PS4 at home. I guess I'm home.
No.
Oh, why did I think that?
Dan just spent $500 on a new driving rig.
No, then I'm the big consumer whore in the room.
And how?
But I don't have a one.
Shocking.
And to address Bobby, Saints Row 4 is so successful they need to go back and boot it when it wasn't selling that well.
Do remember that there is quite a bit of difference in time from the game that came out last year versus the original game that came out in 2006.
Quite a few more people have bought the consoles since then.
I think they could also do it. The very first game that came out was a little more serious. I was trying to be a competitor.
Saints Row 2. Saints Row 2 had a perfect balance between crazy and kind of toned down, and the story was fantastic.
And you know what? Just building off of that and just going a little bit crazy like they did with Saints Row 3, I think that was fine.
It's just when you get to, like, they're fucking in space in, like, you know, the Matrix and shit.
It's not even fucking original. It's so ripped off of everything, and it doesn't make any sense anymore.
That's the thing. It's cool that they have a superhero game now, but it doesn't make any fucking sense.
And yeah, okay, that might be the point, but it's just, it's not Saints Row anymore. It's another fucking game that they have the Saints Row title on.
It's fucking Lords of Shadows, okay? That's what it is.
S2100mattinchat says, Loki has a new console. It's called a baby.
I already had a baby.
Does it have a power switch? Alright. I'll talk about mine.
The thing I am most curious about at this year's E3, I want to see if Nintendo makes a Hail Mary play.
That is, you know, and I realize they may not. I realize we may know most everything that's happening with Nintendo between Smash Brothers and Bayonetta.
Like, we have a pretty good idea what their holiday lineup looks like.
But, you know, out there in the media, the Wii U has been getting dogpiled a little bit.
Yes, there is a little sparkle, a little glimmer of hope with what's going on with Mario Kart 8.
But whatever Nintendo's plan is for this E3 was thought up long before the sales figures for games that came out just last week came in.
So, I'm very curious to see what Nintendo's Hail Mary plan will be, if there is one.
I mean, I fully realize it may be par for the course, but there's that part of me that goes,
okay, for all the crap we've given Nintendo over the years about they don't get online, they don't get online, Mario Kart 8, it didn't go down.
The YouTube thing actually works out pretty well. It's become a meme.
It's so, the level of detail in the game is so well done, it's down to that level.
You kind of go, could there be more of this coming from Nintendo that we just don't know about yet?
And could it really make us go, wow, like, I never thought Nintendo was going to do that and they finally freaking did it.
Like, I'm talking like, if they came out and said Pokemon MMO and just put it all out on the table.
You know, that's the type of like Hail Mary thing I'm talking about, where it's like they finally do something we never thought they would do.
And it's in a fit of desperation, in a sense, to win back the public.
Because Nintendo, I mean, I have a lot of friends, especially, that will loyally support Nintendo through a lot and will defend Nintendo through a lot.
You know, Nintendo is a very big brand that a lot of people really kind of, you know, tie to and connect with.
And I think they're always going to have that little group, but I'm really curious, what are they going to do to really push the envelope and open it up to everybody?
Will they finally make the Pokemon console game that they've always refused to make?
I'm not talking stadium, I'm not talking, I'm talking like the RPG adventure or the MMO.
I'm talking, are they going to do, are they going to do a Metroid that looks like a freaking Halo game?
That's online and, you know, shoot them up, player thing, because, I don't know, they think that's what people want.
I really want to see, like, what is that thing where Nintendo really breaks the mold we've all come to expect from them.
So, we'll see. That's what I'm looking forward to see, but we'll see.
And vidpower in our chatroom kind of backs that up. Good guy Nintendo, free servers, didn't go down when Mario Kart 8 came out.
So, but, to be fair, it's one game. It's one game. Alright, you cracked the seal.
Now let's, you know, let's see the waterfall of games that you're going to have next.
Alright, Jason, how about you? Lastly, you. What is the thing you personally want to see more of at E3?
E3 is at a really, really strange time in, like, the course of video game development right now.
And I say that because Nintendo has been around since, the Wii U has been around since 2012 and everything else since the end of 2013.
The point I was going to make was that I'm looking forward to seeing games that are going to have that not release window polish on them.
And I think that's still going to hold true, but I think that they're not nearly developed far enough yet that it will be as meaningful as I want it to be.
But that's really what I'm looking forward to this year is just that, like, this year to me is going to be future outlook.
Like, maybe holiday season, but probably getting us to next E3 when everything new is actually going to be on the show floor.
You know, there's a lot of talk about all these games that are being delayed to 2015.
There's so many of them, we don't even have them all in our show world tonight. In fact, one I know that's not on the show world, it was big news.
The next Batman game pushed to 2015, which is huge news, right?
Yeah, I kind of knew about that a few weeks ago.
Why didn't you say something?
Well, because it's financial year 2015, and I thought that was sometime in October.
Oh, okay, gotcha.
I didn't realize it was actually next year. If I had known when their fiscal started, I would have been able to drop that bombshell a few weeks ago.
Yeah, it's just... I don't know. I'm not surprised, because that's a pretty ambitious game. Sorry.
Go ahead.
I was just going to say, so Jason, what I think I'm hearing from you is that you want to see even beyond all these games getting pushed back to 2015.
You're like, what is the life vision for these consoles? What does the life expect to see? Is that kind of what I'm hearing?
To an extent.
Like, you want to see the five year plan.
It's more than just consoles, too, because it's also things like the new Unreal Engine that just came out a couple of months ago.
There are an Oculus continuing its theme, Project Morpheus, coming up and actually doing something.
Like, right now, all of these technologies that have hit in the last six months or so, they are a thing now.
So we're going to get a tiny, tiny little glimpse about what that's going to mean for gaming.
Probably not in the next year, because this shit takes forever to develop, but it's going to be the seeds, the inklings for the next one or two years.
You should go to the Game Developers Conference next year. I think you might get more there, but...
Don't need to spend more time in the Bay Area, but I probably will.
I understand.
Yeah, there are coworkers. Me and a couple of coworkers are trying to drum up support and we're trying to make a bigger deal about gaming within our company and going to these kinds of events.
Co-workers of mine have been at GDC, and if timing works out, I would absolutely love to do that.
Yeah, as I've said on the show, I'm not exactly a full-time gamer, I'm also not a developer, but I'm kind of gravitating towards engine production development and interest in that thing on a technical level.
And so, my answer falls right in line with that.
Now, next week's kickoff topic, I'm going to actually give you seven days notice on the kickoff topic. Next week's kickoff topic will be, were you satisfied with what you saw?
So I'm going to follow up and see if Dark Soccer got the Dragon Age and Mass Effect info she wanted. I'm going to see if Loki found a reason to buy a console.
No, my answer is no.
You don't know yet. Sit down.
I do know, because here is the fucking Nintendo E3, whatever you want, live from the treehouse, because it's like a fucking kid's meal at Burger King or something.
It's going to be too much fucking 3DS, not enough Wii U, and it's just going to be yay. That's about it.
If it's a treehouse, does that mean there's going to be a new Donkey Kong Country?
No, I don't know what the fuck the treehouse is supposed to be, but that's what they call their fucking event.
But that's what it's going to be. It's mostly 3DS, because that's where the money is right now.
I hope Iwata didn't go to E3, because he's coming over to kick your ass.
Bring it on. That guy can't be that tall. I'm sure I can take him.
Oh, anyways, last bit. You know what I'd love to see? I know this is such a long shot. I think Half-Life 3 being revealed would be more likely.
I'd love to see a new console DDR.
Yeah, that'd be nice.
That's just never going to happen.
That'd be nice.
Alright, Jason, I know you're not going to be, or will you be here for the next show? Are you back to Colorado?
I haven't decided. I think, you know, we're driving back on Saturday. I think I should get home, which means driving all day Sunday and most of Monday.
Gotcha.
But I haven't actually decided yet, so perhaps see you folks next week.
Perhaps. We'll Skype you if nothing else, just to figure out if you got to see your long-term vision or whatever, and I'll let you know if Nintendo...
I think mine will probably be pretty easy, because I think you're all going to be feeling it if I feel it.
So, anyway, I want to do housekeeping first, and then do our gaming week, which I know is a little out of order, but I'm going to use housekeeping, of course, to promote what we're working on at VoG Network.
E3.vognetwork.com. It is our live, interactive coverage at the Voice of the Geeks network of the E3 Expo.
Myself, Bobby, Jason will be like half us and half his day job, so two and a half times the coverage we had last year when it was just one person.
What happens is that we are the second place to go for all the information.
Look, we're not delusional. We know y'all go to Twitch or IGN or GameSpot, whatever, one of those sites, to go figure out what's breaking at E3 and see everything for the first time and see all those press releases turned into articles and all that stuff.
That's great. Go to those sites. Absorb the information. Get everything you can on the games.
But then, when you're kind of sick of reading the same thing over and over and over again, and you've got this burning question that isn't being answered anywhere else, come on over to E3.vognetwork.com and ask it.
We are your voice out there on the show floor. We can't guarantee everybody's going to talk. We can't guarantee everybody's going to answer your question. We're not going to get the runaround, but we're going to try.
And usually we found, I'm just kind of warning you guys from years past, the bigger the developer, the less willing they are to go off script.
So if you want Square Enix to talk about Final Fantasy XV when they flat out said it's not the show this year, you can try, but the answer's probably going to be Fat Chance.
However, some of these other developers that are pretty open and want to talk to their people, like I'm sure the folks, if there is a Saints Row 5 or a Saints Row reboot of that type of thing announced, I'm sure they'll be more than happy to talk about those games and answer those types of questions.
Still buy it, whatever it is.
Of course you will. You know you will.
I know.
You know, the folks that make The Witcher are pretty good. Those games that aren't necessarily the AAA titles, but are kind of like just below that are usually pretty good about talking up their stuff at E3.
So ask away, we'll try, if nothing else. Funny enough, and I just said that, but probably the biggest break we got last year was we got a Disney scoop.
Thanks to the interactive coverage, you know, they announced Disney Infinity last year and they talked about all these figurines and somebody went under our site and said, you know, I've seen all this talk about the figurines.
Nobody said about how much are they going to cost.
So Rob and Bobby, I want you to find, well actually it was just Bobby last year, Bobby find out how much those figurines are.
And he did.
Wasn't my main question.
It might have been, was it your question? I don't know, somebody.
No, my answer.
No. Bobby got word on the show floor, you confirmed it, basically.
I already know how much they are.
Anyway, so yeah, that's the kind of good stuff that's going to come out of the coverage. E3.vognetwork.com. Check it out.
Alright, and that's all I have for Housekeeping. We will be back here next Sunday. There will be sadly no special shows during the show.
What we're going to try to do is use that time to book interviews for future episodes.
I may try to record some stuff there to play during future shows, but that's that.
We are looking at having a live interview on the show on the 22nd, actually.
But I will talk more about that next week because I don't have everything signed and dotted and all that.
And I don't want to promote something I don't know for sure.
So something, I'll tell you this, it's kind of a neat game that a lot of people are talking about right now.
So we'll hopefully have more info for you next week on that.
Alright, meantime, let's go into our gaming weeks and the types of video games we have been playing this week.
We'll go through this pretty quick.
Dark Sakura.
So far just Animal Crossing, although I did actually manage to get a little bit of time this afternoon to play through some Final Fantasy XIV and just hit the level I've been trying to get.
So now I get to do like five quests and then grind for another two levels until I can get the next bit of my story quest.
So no one will still do that dungeon with me. The D-whatever, DD.
I'm just never on when you are.
I never remember the name.
Dazmiel, Darkhold, whatever.
Yeah, whatever it's called.
That's an interesting one.
If I wasn't gone all next week, I'd help you.
It's okay.
You'll get it.
Yeah, so I've really had a very minimalist week.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I only played Goat Simulator version 1.1.
I only played a little bit of it because they have a lot of stuff that they added.
They added a whole new section of the maps.
If you go into the tunnel now, it'll allow you to travel to some coastal town thing that they made.
It's got all sorts of crazy stuff.
It has its own theme park and you can stick your tongue to the rollercoaster and do some stuff with there.
Plus they have goat parkour in there now and you can ride a skateboard and ride a bike.
The only thing I didn't like about it is that the goat, they seem to have increased the speed of the goat really really really fast now for some reason.
I'm not sure why that is.
So it's kind of hard to control sometimes because it doesn't run like it used to.
But it's still silly.
It's still a fun game.
So definitely check it out.
If you bought it earlier, check out the new patch because it was free.
Lots of stuff in there.
Including Minecraft, which I haven't found yet, but there's a ton of stuff in the game.
That's it. That's all I played.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange on Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, map.
Jason, how about you? How was your gaming week?
I did finally get a chance to play Mario Kart.
It did come in on Monday and I've played a couple of multiplayer and a couple of solo rounds.
I don't think I have anything else particularly interesting to add on top of what you did, but it is a great game.
It runs so well.
I have clips from my personal favorite races up on YouTube.
That replay feature, I completely agree with the point that you made in that these are going to get really old really fast.
And by the time that everybody else figures them out and starts posting every single one because they can, we're going to be like, yeah, we saw that.
But the actual mechanics for not just 100% defaults of how it makes the replays, but also the little tweaks.
If anybody out there listening has Mario Kart 8 and has not hit edit replay highlights or something like that, you can choose the racers to feature.
You can bump it up to 60 seconds, 30, 45, or 60.
You can also do all, but it's worthless unless you're going to watch it because you can only post up to 60 seconds to YouTube.
Right.
But you can actually tweak these tiny little things about the race and it makes it a lot better because we're not just seeing one person zoom around racers at opportunistic times and all that kind of stuff.
But the replay feature is grand.
For as being hands off as it is, they did a wonderful job.
I'm enjoying that game thoroughly and unfortunately it's at a place I'm not going to be full time.
Anyways, whatever, no big deal.
I played that while I was killing time before coming up to Sacramento yesterday, more Titanfall.
And I think there was something, but I'm totally 100% drawing a blank.
I went to Scandi again and that was fun.
I actually got to use the headphone ports for all three, Technica, Popn, and 2DX.
And it makes a difference because I have big over the ear headphones and you kill all of the other arcade noise, mostly, and just hear game sounds.
And it's very, it makes the experience quite a bit better.
Yeah. Oh, oh, that's what I was going to say.
Does anybody in this room know what the term yak shaving means?
Well, it certainly conjures a particular image to mind.
In the quick summary of it is that you need to go check the mail.
It's a sub-zero blizzard outside.
So you need a coat.
You don't have a coat.
You need to go shave your yak to get the fur to make a coat.
It's a series of steps that you fumble over in order to actually accomplish one thing.
That was my week in a nutshell.
I bought a recorder for E3 and systematically failed to be able to put micro SD cards that I had and ordered to use.
And to top it all off, I was putting them in backwards.
I discovered that today.
Sony's instructions are terrible because the words tell you when you put a Vita or M2, whatever their brand is, when you put a Vita card in, the contacts face you.
When you put a micro SD card in, you put a label towards you.
The two of them are opposite.
I didn't notice in the diagram that facing you is the back of the recorder.
So despite the fact that I could just pop it and put it right in while looking at the face of the unit, no, it's backwards!
Fuck you, Sony.
Thank you.
But it's working, and I have more battery capacity and SD cards than there is time in the week, literally 24 hours times 7 days a week.
So I'm ready, I hope.
Alright. My gaming week, I also played more Mario Kart, which I talked extensively about last week, so I won't repeat myself, except to say that I finally played some 4-player matches.
Still disappointed you can't get one of those people on the gamepad by themselves.
I do notice a little bit of a framerate dip in those matches, but it's not the end of the world.
I'm getting really nitpicky at that point when I get into that. Still a lot of fun, and that's the most important thing of all.
Also on the Wii U, I finally got to play the Wario. It's not WarioWare, it's like Game & Wario, it's just another mini-game collection.
Yeah, okay, it's a mini-game collection, party games, you know, I had five people over here last night.
It was fun for that, and that's, you know, it was cute.
You play this game where you launch people onto platforms, and then like, as you land, you might knock other people off, and the platforms move. It's silly. Silly stuff.
I played Rob's NES Remix and NES Remix 2. It reminded me of Dance Master Mode from DDR. I completely forgot that.
Super fun.
You unlocked Clu Clu Land for me.
I unlocked the first stage of Clu Clu Land.
Yay!
Okay, also, a game I've been spending a little more time with this week, I bought, it came out, and some of you might be surprised to hear I bought this, but I picked up on the 3DS since I had some credit on the Nintendo store from buying all this other stuff, and I had the Nintendo Wii U Deluxe, so I get all that 10% back or whatever, and now that store is across both the Wii U and the 3DS, so I was able to get Tomodachi Life at a discounted price.
Now, yes, there was a lot of controversy around this game, which we got into a couple weeks ago on the show, and I said my piece, but I think it's important to realize that Nintendo did apologize for that, and I think the gaming community as a whole, for the most part, accepted Nintendo's second apology. Unfortunately, it took them two times to get it right.
But I decided, you know what, I like these type of sim games anyway, I was a fan of Animal Crossing, I'm gonna check the game out. I realize some of my GLBT family does not feel the same way, and there's some people out there that feel very strongly that Nintendo screwed up, and we should not be buying Tomodachi Life.
However, if people continue to hold grudges against me for my entire life, for things that I've had to apologize for in the past, and with 555 episodes of this program, I've said some stupid shit I've had to apologize for in the past.
If people held grudges against me for the rest of my life, I wouldn't like that very much, and that would be really sad and depressing that there would be literally nothing I could do to make things right.
My point is, they apologized, let's move on. That being said, I want to put that whole controversy behind us and kind of evaluate the game as a game.
Well, alright, I guess I should get this out there. It's really, really easy to kind of get what I want in that sort of like romance department, so here's what I did.
You can't change the gender of a Mii that you import from your own, like Mii Plaza or the Miis that are saved on your system and so forth, but what you can do is you can make a new Mii, and you can make it a male or female, and all the same facial features, beards, lipstick, mole, beauty marks, whatever, are the same same, male or female.
You can do whatever you want. You want to make Conchita worst? You can. So what I did is I created Alan in the game as a female, and he knows that I did this.
And so, his character and my character, funny enough, are getting into a relationship right now. They're doing that whole courting each other, having long walks on the beach thing. It's really adorable.
So it really wasn't that hard to work around. So I say that both as a pro and a con, in that the pro is that if you really want to set up a same-sex relationship, as long as you're willing to overlook a few things such as misgendering, but I just kind of giggle it off.
You know, it'll keep referring to Alan as a she, but I just think of it as like an episode of RuPaul's Drag Race. You know, like, how is she, though? How is she a girl?
And I just kind of picture it like that in my mind, and it's fine. If you're willing to kind of overlook that little bit of silliness, it works just fine, and it's really easy to set up.
But the con that I also say to that is that it was really easy to set up, and I'm buying a little less and less that it would have taken a lot for Nintendo to fix this.
I'm not a programmer, so I'm not really going to try to get into it, but I just kind of think if Nintendo had really wanted to do it, they could have.
But I do think at the end of the day, they were a bit lazy and probably ignorant, which, you know, okay, they've apologized, you know, I've done some lazy and ignorant things in my life, you know, whatever.
We'll move on and see what happens in the future. Anyway, now I'm really done with that topic, but I felt like I had to tell you the whole story on what's going on there.
Let's talk about the game itself, and kind of just trying to look at it from that neutral standpoint.
The game is really nothing like Animal Crossing, in my opinion. I know we kind of keep comparing it to that, but it really isn't like that at all.
It's a little more like a, honestly, it plays like a Facebook game, and I realize that can be seen as like a negative, but that's really what I think it is.
You check in on it once in a while and, oh, somebody wants to be fed, or oh, somebody wants new clothes, and oh, they want to feed me, feed me, burp me, burp me.
So, it's Nintendmes instead of Nintendogs.
Actually, that's not a bad way to look at it. It's almost like Nintendogs with people is almost a better way to look at it than Animal Crossing.
Ironically, there was also the Sony game that came out this week that was Nintendogs, but they talked like people, and that was weird.
So, anyway, but what are you rewarded with for, you know, feed me, feed me, change my clothes, do whatever, tell me about if this person and I would make a good match or whatever.
You get rewarded with story, and it's very much a fishbowl game. You're looking at these little virtual pets, which is why I think maybe Nintendogs is kind of a great comparison, because you're rewarded with the story.
And when you have like 30 or something villagers in your little town that are all based off me's that you made, either me's made off celebrities, me's from people you know with these QR codes and so forth, you kind of get these little stories.
And so, this causes you to be able to go to other people and to go, Loki, he'll never guess what you did in my town. Oh, my God, you were acting so stupid, and you would not believe that you're in a relationship with Lady Gaga, who I imported a me that looks like Lady Gaga to my town.
And it's like those little silly story sharings. It's very quirky. There's a lot of like, you know, let's sing karaoke. You don't actually sing karaoke, but you watch your characters sing pop songs and make these silly music videos.
And there's this nightly news element in it where you hear about the crazy antics that your me's are getting into and me's on the street will be interviewed, which are the me's there.
So, I mean, that's what it is. Essentially, it's this big, you'll never guess what the people in my sim are doing, which is, again, kind of goes back to The Sims. The Sims, you know, was a big thing like that.
He'll never guess what I did in my house. Okay, so I built a pool, and I had everybody go in the pool, and then I got rid of the ladder, and you'll never guess what happened, right? Those are the kinds of stories that we create out of these types of games.
And that's what you do get in Tomodachi Life is those stories and that aspect of it, but the game aspect, you guys, is really, really weak.
There's no fishing like in Animoid. There's no bug catching. There's really none of that. Sometimes you get into a, pick a card out of my hand and let's see who gets a pair first, or here's a picture zoomed in three times the regular amount.
What could it be? There's really crappy throwaway minigames like that that you can play that sometimes they'll want to play, but it's nothing.
It would be hilarious if it's just so, like, disturbed. What is it? It's my penis. It's my penis. Whoa, that was unexpected.
No, no, nothing like that.
Lady Gaga.
Sometimes there's, they have a lot of weird items and things in the game, but that's really it.
So, here's the thing, the bottom line on this game. I do think it serves a cute purpose, and for people that want a nice little distraction, it's a polished game that allows you to kind of interact with the people.
It's like a Facebook game. If you're the type of person that doesn't mind checking in with a Facebook game every, you know, day or so for a good 15 minutes to just kind of check on people and so forth, Tomodachi Life is a very polished version of that game.
But if you're looking for a game, you're not going to find it here. And I, for that reason, kind of give it, I'm tepidly positive on this game.
I'm not, like, super enthusiastic positive. I kind of think it does what it needs to do. I'm not sure it's worth $35 at the end of the day.
I think this is a $20 game, not a $35 game. Or this is a game that Nintendo will give away a year from now to get you to buy something else.
I kind of don't think $35 is worth it for this game. And that's what I have to say on Tomodachi Life.
If you disagree with me, you can always email us in your thoughts on the game. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send something.
I'm looking at her chat to see if anything has come up on that, what I was just talking about. Dark Tetsuya says at Live.vognetwork.com.
So it's sort of like a soap opera or not quite that deep? Well, is a soap opera really that deep, Dark Tetsuya?
It's a telenovela, let's put it that way. It's a telenovela. It's a little bit like that. So, yeah, there you go.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news now that we've all gone with our gaming weeks and talk about what really is going on in the gaming world this week. Loki.
Alright, so this kind of leaked out based off of people being at the convention center early and taking some photographs from the inside, kind of looking at booths being constructed and stuff.
And one of the things that was spotted at Nintendo's booth was this big old banner for something called Mario Maker.
And it kind of shows a picture of the Super Mario Brothers 1 style graphics with someone placing a piranha plant with a stylus.
So what is it? You know, is it something for 3DS? Is it something for Wii U? No idea, but it looks like a game that revolves around making your own 2D Mario levels.
Is it a game for both, wiggling eyebrows?
It could be. I mean, shit, if the Wii U can't handle 2D Mario, which it should be able to since it runs on Virtual Console, and it's also an NES Remix, I think that they could probably handle this.
Hey, maybe it's based off of the engine that runs NES Remix since they kind of remix the games there anyways.
Maybe you could be absolutely right, actually, on that. Thoughts? You and I were joking before the show. You kind of said this on an earlier show.
Yeah, I only said this like, I don't even know how long ago, but yeah, it makes sense. I think it was back when I was saying how Nintendo doesn't really want to put effort into some of these games at the release.
Like, for example, Virtual Console and stuff like that. They'll re-release a game and they won't really add that many features into it.
Well, just add a game that people like, like Mario Brothers or something. Add a level creator and have a way where you can share levels and stuff like that. There you go.
All your community creates the content for you. You have to do no work other than building that editor, which you probably have anyways.
Although I don't know if I want to believe the rumor or not. I mean, we're going to find out in two days anyway.
You know, I feel like this is a very logical step for Nintendo. It makes a lot of sense. So if it's a made-up thing, it's a really good and convincing made-up thing because this is something where I could see Nintendo going in this direction.
It's essentially Little Big Planet starring Mario in a way. And I think that's a really good thing for Nintendo right now.
Because if you think about it, they don't really have a lot like it. I mean, back in the day, you could edit Excitebike tracks, but what could you really do with that?
Even here in the States, we didn't have the Famicom Disk System, so you couldn't even save what you did. It was like, come over and I'm going to design a track while you do something else and you can play my track.
And there's been like little editing in that way. I think maybe some Super Nintendo games had like three slots. You could save things. Like little things like that.
But nothing that I can think of that's really incorporated the internet. Like I'm really trying to think on something that kind of does that create and share that really Little Big Planet is based on the Nintendo universe. I'm drawing a blank.
Smash Brothers Brawl. Which also had a limit of what, like four or five stages I think. If I remember correctly.
Still, I would argue there's a pretty significant difference between something of that caliber and taking a game like a 2D platformer like Mario and opening that up to everybody to kind of do their own thing.
Look how many ROM hacks there are for Mario. We're going to have asshole Mario officially.
And I think a lot of people have been wondering, why doesn't Nintendo just embrace this? Everybody wants to hack the game.
When I talk about Nintendo making a Hail Mary play and doing something that none of us expect, this is kind of in line with that.
I have an answer to that question. Swap, note, spot, pass. That's why.
So do you think there is a concern that people will make levels that are giant blocks that say fuck, shit, cunt as you run through the level and Nintendo's worried about having to police that?
It may be community created, but it's still moderator curated. Like yes, they will have to enforce that kind of thing if it is publicly accessible for everybody. Even if it's not, they probably have to.
Like this is the Nintendo Network and Miiverse and all of this stuff where people drive the content. Yes, that's true, but Nintendo has very, very, very, very strict social guidelines.
So they can't have everything doing this. They have just enough that they have manpower.
I wish they'd do this with the original Mario Kart and make their own track editor would be awesome.
Well, you never know. I mean, I just see with Nintendo getting more and more into the online thing, again, this makes, because I could see you could share your levels on Miiverse quite easily.
And Nintendo does have that moderator thing in place. So maybe like little big planet, there'll be a way to report offensive levels and they'll be able to look at it.
Like there's probably a way they can look at the file on their screen and just see the level all at once and see if anything offensive is in it and take action that way.
So I don't know. So maybe Nintendo is going to start to embrace this and logically it makes a lot of sense. I hope it's true.
It seems like it also seems like a stupidly easy thing for Nintendo to make. Doesn't it?
And also like something that they could do for one, two, three world. I mean.
Yeah. Like one of the best parts of NES Remix 2 was that whole, I'm playing as the princess in Super Mario 3. That's so trippy, but awesome.
Like that was, that was like one of the highlights for me. So yeah, you're right. If they could kind of fuse all that together, if Mario Maker is not just Mario one, or maybe it's Mario one to start.
But if you want the DLC for Mario two and three, you got to buy the virtual console game and now it'll come with it.
Who knows? Who knows? It'll be interesting to see what Nintendo gets into with that.
If Mario Maker comes out, let's hypothesize you owned a Wii U. Let's say Mario Maker comes out. It's a $30 game. Would you buy it?
For 30 bucks? No.
30 bucks? Still too much, huh?
There'd have to be some significant stuff in there. And I just, honestly, if I want to play ROM hacked Mario games, there's plenty of them out there.
There's plenty of them out there that do even like trippier stuff than just rearranging the levels. You know it'd be, well, Metroid would be cool too, because I've seen a lot of ROM hacked Metroid stuff.
But anything ROM hacked sometimes is pretty, you know, interesting, especially when you're, you know, redesigning levels and there's some pretty cool levels out there.
There's even custom storylines for Earthbound Mother 2 and Mother 3.
I'm curious for Jamie and Jason's thoughts on this real quick, but going to the chatroom at live.voggetnetwork.com, Blender says LittleBigPlanet has a strict policy and will remove levels.
So, you know, it's not like this format of having levels and moderating them and so forth doesn't already exist somewhere else.
And if I remember correctly, they even outright, well, no, I've played custom levels that have eye taken, camera taken photos. Never mind.
But they probably moderate those much more strictly because the real world and a camera and part of your level.
Yep. Time to penis. Although I did play a level once that was all pictures of Parker Posey, it was great. That was my favorite.
Because then you could take the stickers and put them in your own levels. It was this really creepy, like, Parker Posey stalking thing. It was hilarious.
But while you have the mic, your personal thoughts on Mario Maker and if it's something that would interest you.
Ask me on Tuesday.
Cop out.
I'm going to see it on Tuesday.
I just want, ideally, I just want, and this is probably selling me a Wii U, I just want Excite Truck Maker.
That's what I want. I just want Excite Truck Maker because the game was perfect. You just need more levels. That's all you needed was more levels.
Jamie, quickly, your thoughts?
I don't think it's enough to make me want a Wii U.
Not enough to make you want a Wii U, but let's, let's hypothesize you already had a Wii U. Would the game itself be something of interest to you?
Maybe.
Maybe.
I mean, I spend most of my time in the Sims building houses, so I'd be, probably just do nothing but build shit all day.
To never be used.
The design side of you, I think, would twitch a little bit, like, getting to do this.
Here's another interesting thing. What if it was not just making Mario levels? What if it was like Mario Paint?
Hmm.
I pay enough for Photoshop.
That was actually the initial reaction I had when I first heard about this news.
You know, there has been a lot of clamoring for a return of Mario Paint. You know, we haven't seen that in a very long time, and the Wii U seems like an obvious play.
I mean, we have games that are very similar, like Art Academy on the 3DS and so forth, like, it's not out of the question that we would get some type of return of Mario Paint.
As long as it has the Flyswatter game, that's all I want.
Alright.
ActDeft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Mario Paint. I would like that.
Alright. Let us go to our next story, which has to do with Xbox.
The Xbox One controller. I remember this. Jason, you brought an Xbox One controller and a PlayStation 4 controller to the studio once, and I was like, why did you buy these controllers?
You were like, yeah, I wanted them, and someday I'll be able to use them on the PC.
Yep.
Well, guess what? That day has come, Jason.
It's actually sitting eight feet away from you right now.
Is it really?
Yeah.
They're in my little black bag over there.
Microsoft has released the official drivers for Xbox One for the PC, so it will support 32-bit and 64-bit Windows PCs.
Any game that currently supports the Xbox 360 controller will support the One controller, and as soon as you install the drivers, you can start using that controller and connect it via a micro USB cable.
Native controller support will come in a Windows update that is to come in the future, but they wanted to get the drivers out there ASAP so that people can use it on the PC.
And I'm going to be honest, the Xbox 360 controller makes a great PC controller. I use it all the time.
So I kind of want an Xbox One controller just to  because, you know, again, the D-pad on the 360 drives me nuts, so I imagine it's a lot better on the One.
I'd also like to see some of those PC games support those rumble triggers. I'd be interested to see how that is like.
Yeah. It would be cool.
Well, one game that you could use that controller on as well when it comes out is Dead Rising 3.
Of course, Dead Rising is already out on the Xbox One, but if you don't own a One but somehow have a controller like Jason, the game is coming to Steam.
Capcom announced earlier this week that it will be on PC, and it's part of their E3 2014 lineup.
We don't know when, but it seems like it wouldn't take too long to put together, so I would think this holiday season, if not maybe something more like August, just in time for all these new drivers.
You could play Dead Rising 3.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
I have some stuff, but it's not happy stuff.
Aww.
But we knew this was coming one day.
The PSP?
Mm-hmm.
Womp womp.
Oh, do I have to get the sound effect board again?
No. I did all the sound effects we need.
Okay, fine.
It is going to be ending later this month. Bye-bye. At least in Japan.
It also is discontinuing it in North America. Of course, the shipment's already discontinued up here.
It's going to continue on in Europe for a little while, and it's going to be continuing in Latin America, some of the other Asian countries, but it's officially...
But I bet Fry's will still sell the UMD's movies, trying to get rid of that last stock that they have.
They'll eke any penny they can out of that, and then maybe I'll buy some.
There you go.
But I mean, it's almost ten years old. I guess that's...
It seemed like the PSP was still kicking in Japan, though, so it was kind of a surprise to hear this.
Buy the Vita! We'll force you to buy the Vita.
Maybe that's part of what it is.
That's kind of what I think it is.
Yeah. But the only bummer about the PSP is that anytime I think of the PSP, I'm going to inevitably think of the PSP Go, which in retrospect was probably just a little bit ahead of its time.
I mean, a digital-only platform. It's really funny. The PSP Go, in a way, was doing some of the things the Xbox One wanted to do with the digital-only.
And it didn't work out so well.
People bought them, though. I mean, some people did.
I kind of think if the PSP Go were to come out today, it might actually have done a little better.
PSP Go or PSP No?
No.
Yeah, there is a much better network that could have actually supplanted it with games and with a lot more games nowadays, especially with the addition of PlayStation Plus.
I was going to say, PlayStation Plus alone would give that thing a lot of value.
God knows I have, like, six purchases for a system that I don't own.
Yeah, right? So...
And also, they added, was it the Xbox Live Gold stuff already?
Mm-hmm.
So, since now, fucking Sony won't let me register those PlayStation 4 games anymore since I don't own a PlayStation 4.
But on Microsoft now, you can do the Xbox One games, and I can do it even though I don't have an Xbox One, so...
All right.
Get in on that shit.
All right, Loki, why don't you continue on?
All right. So, moving on here, let's see.
This is kind of neat.
You know, good old games, they've kind of had a pretty decent service going along with all their older games that are DRM-free.
Now, if you want a kind of similar integration with stuff, as Steam does, they have their own client that they announced called Galaxy.
And now, Galaxy is going to have cross-platform support, as well as for those playing online, and it's also totally optional.
So, if you want to have that in there, you'll be able to earn achievements, access your library, also the multiplayer stuff.
And it's kind of a neat little front-end for all these games you may have through GOG.com.
But, you know, if you don't want that and you want things the way they are now, you don't need it.
So, that's kind of cool.
I didn't actually watch the livestream, but I guess that was part of their Witcher announcement, I think, as well, when they were talking about that stuff.
I'm curious to check this out, because I have a very small library on good old games.
Yeah, all the free stuff that they've given out.
I actually have bought things on good old games.
I bought when they released Sid Meier's Covert Action.
Those of you that have listened to the show for a long time know I have this really awkward boner for Covert Action.
Which, you know, was a game from my childhood I just loved, even though the critics weren't really into it.
Even kind of looking back in retrospect, I'm like, this game was kind of stupid.
But it was Carmen Sandiego, but with guns and killing people. It was awesome.
So, I will always have a soft spot for Covert Action.
Battle chest, Duke Nukem 3D, Shadow Warrior, Space Quest, Descent...
I think those are the things that I actively bought from there, because they make cross-platform DOSBox emulation for all those old games.
You got a little library growing there.
I'm downloading Galaxy right now.
I think it is a good service overall.
I think some of the games are sometimes a little pricey, but usually it's for a reason.
They're the games we really, really, really enjoy.
But, you know, it's just hard.
I mean, what is the value of a game like that?
But then again, I also pay five bucks for things on Virtual Console that some would say,
What the hell are you spending that money on?
I'm a liar. I'm not downloading it right now.
It's not out just yet. I will download it when it's actually out.
We're not downloading it on this bandwidth. We're having a hard time keeping the show up tonight.
Hey, hey, that outage wasn't our fault. Nobody knows what I'm talking about right now.
Well, the live listeners sure do.
All right. Let's move on to you, Jason.
Continue the conversation.
So, Valve has officially embraced the fickle nature of game and game development by updating their early access fact,
warning that users may be playing games that will never actually be released, or worse, could be scrapped outright.
The statement updated to read,
It's up to the developer to determine when they are ready to release,
and some developers have a concrete deadline in mind,
while others get a better sense as the development of the game progresses.
Doug Lombardi, who's the director of marketing at Valve, said along with this,
that the changes to the fact are intended to help set customer expectations
of what may or may not happen over the course of development of an early access game.
We frequently iterate on Steam features as we gather feedback and find areas for improvement.
In this case, it became apparent that further clarifications would help customers
evaluate their potential purchase of early access titles.
We think of Steam, early access, and game development as services that grow and evolve best
with the involvement of customers and community.
And this is really super surprising to me because don't some early access games
cost like full price for what you would buy for a new game?
Yes, they do.
I've seen a good number of like $10 or $15, but I have definitely also seen like $50 early access games.
Like Arma 3, Arma 3 was early access and I think it was like $40.
I bought AudioSurf on early access, I think there was another one I bought too,
but I mean those were more indie titles, they were like $10, $15.
Yeah, and they were also early, like,
Wasn't that actually even before early access was officially a thing?
I think AudioSurf in particular is one of the early,
I mean it was released as an early, early game and it's still really being developed, so.
It's a very interesting feature, don't get me wrong,
and we have a lot of the same arguments that we do with Kickstarter that these things may not pan out.
The difference is that because it's an early access game, you are playing something,
so you get something out of it.
But, like any game, if it requires server components especially,
if the source disappears, then well, your game may eventually disappear as well.
Steam had to do legal cover your ass, so, you know, that went into the fact.
Well, we'll see how people keep to early access in light of this news.
And this is actually new to me, I haven't followed a lot of early access stuff,
I've heard, I saw Arma when it came out most recently, DayZ was a big thing,
I've seen a couple of others, but I've never bought them, I've never jumped into it first hand.
But apparently, a game has already been halted and not cancelled,
but Towns was halted and it's going in via Steam Greenlight,
and then Earth Year 2066 was outright removed last month,
apparently due to dishonest marketing, which I didn't hear anything about.
That's very interesting, but apparently these are,
I don't want to say reactive changes, but they're certainly happening after the fact,
there's already precedent for this kind of a problem,
and now it's in Steam's official information, so take that as you will.
Hi, GameGuru in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
paying for a broken game, sigh, but if that's what people want, dot dot dot.
It's your money spending on what you want, right?
Yep.
Alright, so hopefully you're getting an accurate portrayal of what your money is going to buy,
I think that's a very important thing to know.
Anyhow, DarkSakura.
One other point about what money controls is money controls things like layoffs,
which Nintendo has decided to consolidate their European operations,
and they're laying off 130 employees.
Now, keep in mind, for some people, that's a small town,
so they said that they're closing the headquarters in Gossa's time,
I guess I pronounced that right, because I know what the little B sign is,
it's a sss, it's an extra sss.
Anyway, that's in Germany, and is moving their operations to Frankfurt,
so they're losing 130 employees.
Not so permanent.
Huh, Nintendo has more offices in Europe than just Germany, though, right?
Yeah, this is just one office, but I mean, it almost seems to me like it's the start of something else, so.
Take it as you will.
It's unfortunate, but with some of these sales we're seeing and so forth,
it's not surprising that something's happening somewhere,
but yeah, I mean, again, this is a very important year for Nintendo,
they've got to really start making some of that money back on Wii U,
so it really should have been last year, but you know, Nintendo has tons of cash on hand,
let's not forget that, they've got tons and tons of cash on hand, so.
What happened to It Prints Money?
That's why they have cash in hand.
That's why they have cash on hand.
But the 3DS, you know, it's probably not doing,
I think the reason why some people think the 3DS is disappointing
is because A, you know, you have the ever-growing mobile market and so forth,
but B, it's not meeting expectations,
but I think the expectations were set really, really high to try to offset what's going on with the Wii U,
but for all practical purposes, it seems like the 3DS is still doing very well,
a lot of people own them, and the game is still making a lot of games for them.
Seems to be in a better spot right now than the Vita,
and I'm not really dogging on the Vita, I realize there's a lot of great games out on the Vita and so forth,
but it's not exactly nearly as rampant as the 3DS adoption is, so.
Anyhow.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out release dates.
Let's see what is coming out soon from a company you love,
although with the three-week, probably most of it isn't really announced,
but we'll see what is on deck anyway. Loki.
Not a whole ton of stuff coming out this week.
I've got Enemy Front on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
and How to Train Your Dragon 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U, and 3DS.
That is it.
All right, let's go to Japan and check out what is coming out there in the Japanese release dates.
On June 12th on the PlayStation 4, Thief gets its Japanese release from Square Enix on June 12th.
Fighting Commander 4 also coming out on the PlayStation 4 on June 12th.
Nothing for Xbox One, because remember, that isn't out in Japan yet.
Very interesting to see. I'm very curious. That was almost like a runner-up for me.
How is Microsoft going to get into the Japanese market there at E3?
All right, Shane walked into the studio and is dying to say something here. What?
I have breaking news.
Okay, what?
Can I borrow your phone charger?
Couldn't you, like, text me that or something?
Yes, she can borrow my phone charger. Oh my god, was that really worth interrupting the show for?
You jerk. Get out of here. All right.
It's in my room. You want to brave that?
Or give me a minute and I'll come get it.
All right, on the PlayStation 3, it's probably over by where Alan's underwear is, but I'll let him figure that out on his own.
All right, on the PlayStation 3, Fighting Commander 4 on June 12th, One Piece Unlimited World R, as well as Ratchet & Clank Giga Saikyo TriStar Pack.
It looks like a compilation there on the PlayStation 3 this week.
And Thief, also making its way to the PlayStation 3 all this week on the 12th.
On the Xbox 360, Thief gets its release there in Japan.
And on the PlayStation Vita, One Piece Unlimited World R from Bandai Namco, as well as Iyu Densetsu Anno Kisuke Evolution from Falcom comes out as well.
And last but not least, I'm going to check the Wii U to see if anything is out this week on the Wii U.
One Piece Unlimited World R is there as well.
And I can't forget the Nintendo 3DS, except they are not actually having any releases this week.
But Pack World is slated for June 19th, so there's that.
And Pokemon Art Academy, speaking of those Art Academy games, that's all on the 19th.
All right, moving on. To Europe, DarkSakura.
There's some stuff coming out in Europe, and for a moment my system has been slow, so you ready?
On the 13th of June we have Inazuma 11 GO Shadow & Light.
Spread tires, I guess, on PC.
Enemy friends on Xbox 360, PS3, and on PC.
That looks to be about it.
A general lack of stuff.
And since Rob and Shane are now braving the depths of the scary, scary bedroom, I will just go ahead and say that Loki has the new story.
Yeah, of course.
So this is kind of disappointing, especially when it turns into lawsuits.
But apparently the composer for the Halo series and now the upcoming Destiny game, Martin O'Donnell, is suing Bungie.
Because apparently he was fired without cause, according to his claim.
And due to that, he was not paid his, I guess, accrued time off.
The unused vacation, paid time off, sabbatical time, and other benefits that they had promised to pay him.
And now, because of this, I guess he is seeking twice the amount of withheld wages along with compensation to cover legal fees.
And I guess also filing another grievance against both the CEO Harold Ryan and Bungie.
But I guess they haven't really said what that is over.
And I don't know, it doesn't really say.
So he has another grievance, but it doesn't really say what it's for.
I guess separate from the whole paid time off thing.
Well, when you leave a company, you are supposed to get all that time off.
And apparently he says, like most companies, they have a policy based on that they are supposed to be paying that stuff out.
Well, we'll see what develops in court.
But like most things, it will probably be settled out of court with a gag order.
So we'll never hear about it again.
Alright, one thing you're still going to hear about, and you're going to hear plenty about it next week, I'm sure, is Mortal Kombat X was officially announced.
Now I want to point out, unlike when we had Final Fantasy X-2, which a lot of people mistakenly called Final Fantasy X-2, this is Mortal Kombat X, not X.
And that's per the Twitter of, I believe it was Ed Boon that came out and actually said that.
But isn't it the tenth game still?
It is.
So calling it Mortal Kombat X is not necessarily wrong, but they are going to be marketing the game as Mortal Kombat X.
But you see, with a game like Mortal Kombat, you think extreme or extreme violence or whatever, so it makes sense.
But anyway, Mortal Kombat X was officially announced this week to no one's surprise, because you remember on last week's show we were talking about that the posters were spotted and we knew this was coming, there was a countdown to a countdown.
Well, the official trailer hit, and it was Sub-Zero and Scorpion fighting with some little rap music.
What, they're going to be in the game?
Yeah, I know, right?
That's so shocking.
That was playing in the background.
And while I'm watching this trailer, all I can hear is my mom in the back of my head, that is so, Rob, that is gross.
That is a gross game.
Because, like, you know, it's on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
So we're watching, and it looks like the x-ray attacks are back, but it doesn't, like, fade to black now.
You kind of see that in real time.
And that whole little thing where, like, he frickin' decapitated Sub-Zero at the end or something and put the spear through his head, like, it was very, very explicit.
And I was like, even I was like, that is, that is gross, Ed, Ed Boon, that is gross.
Well, the whole thing was like CG, but I did, if it's assuming, I'm assuming that it's going to be based off of what the actual gameplay is like.
So, if that's the case, it looks like they have the environment attacks that they had in Injustice, which is kind of cool.
And then, what was I going to say, I don't know, I don't like the whole CG trailer thing, and I really didn't like the music choice for that trailer.
It was just very off-putting.
What did you want, techno? You want the old mortal combat?
Yes! Yes, that's exactly what I wanted.
Come on, I mean, dude, you had a perfectly good theme song, you don't need to change it up.
Just, I mean, if you want to go cliche with it, you can have a little bit of, you know, a little bit of bass, you know, have a drop in there or something like that.
But have it be the fucking original, well, the original movie theme. Was it the movie or the game theme? It wasn't the game theme.
No, it was like made for the movie.
Anyhow, yeah, and Act F says, I don't think the trailer music should be any indication of the music in the game. I agree with that, it never is.
But no, no, it is, because it says, you know, that's the artist, and it was a special song by that artist in the game. So that song is in the game.
Wow, really? Interesting. I wonder if they're going like EA soundtrack style with it or something. Warner Brothers does have a record label.
I suppose.
Be interesting.
But they really need the original one. Or just mix it up, you know?
Tigerclaw agrees with you in our chatroom, saying they could have done something like a dubstep of the original MK Techno song.
Mortal Kombat!
Yeah, I would like that. I would admire that.
WhatupG says that Ed Boon says, waiting to see Scorpion's second fatality. Oh god, I can only imagine.
Alan Alchemy in our chatroom says, I wouldn't mind a proper sequel to the reboot from two years ago. It was really good in the story narrative from there.
The story only covered Mortal Kombat 3 and a little bit of 4. I'm not sure, but Mortal Kombat 4 is kind of where I think a lot of people felt the series started to kind of decline a little bit.
So I'm kind of curious as to how they'd want to retell some of that. Although, I would like Tanya to come back. I like playing as her in Mortal Kombat 4.
Rumor that's brewing right now is that you're going to have variations of the same character. So you'll have three Scorpions.
And it's not talking like Cyber Skorpion and Scorpion. It's just like you'll have these distinctive little changes within the characters.
They just have to rip off Mario Kart, don't they?
Custom Karts that your Mortal Kombat characters ride in.
Village Idiot's Matt in our chat says, are we really going to panic about the music? The video is fucking sweet.
I like music in a video game, don't get me wrong, but I don't think that's the only song that's going to be in the game.
And even if I maybe didn't like it personally, at the end of the day, I could always mute it and play my own thing.
Do the consoles let you do custom soundtracks anymore? Actually, come to think of it, I don't remember if the new ones let you do that.
They're just like, hey, hey you guys, I know you like the on off switch, we just added that in.
Well I guess it shows you how often I actually use that feature, so maybe I shouldn't be complaining about it.
Alright, anyhow, let us take a trip back. We're going to go back in time a little bit.
We're going to go back in time to when you couldn't have a full CD soundtrack in your video games, you couldn't do that.
Yes you could.
You had bleeps and bloops and you liked it.
Oh, is this game a little newer where you could have a CD?
No it's not, but back in the day, even, you know, 20 years ago we had CDs.
I suppose with your 10 year rule we did have the whole Symphony of the Nights over 10 years old, right?
Well, even 20 years ago we still had CD music.
Fair enough, but I know, see I get prepped on what game you've picked and I know this is a bleep bloop game.
I was six years old, Rob. Six.
Six years old, alright.
You probably couldn't see over the edge of the cabinet.
Which sadly means most of our listeners probably weren't born.
Well, dammit, they need to play it.
Alright.
Because, fuck your age limitations.
What is the game of the week already, DarkSakura?
Pango!
I did this one just for you, Rob.
I love Pango, it's one of my favorites.
Dan suggested it too.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Pango is a red penguin.
Why he's a fucking red penguin in the Arctic, I have no idea. Antarctic, I mean.
So anyway, you play on an overhead maze and you have ice blocks.
And Pango has to fight the snow bees.
These green blobby things.
Not the bees, not the bees!
Snow bees, Rob, snow bees.
And you have to basically eliminate all the snow bees.
And steal bonuses and three different diamonds that are dispersed throughout the maze.
So it's a joystick button game, you know.
You can actually shake the walls to paralyze snow bees and then run over them and get points.
You have 16 levels and they repeat once you reach the 17th.
Basically, when you kill different snow bees on the way, new ones will hatch from eggs that are within some of the ice blocks.
Some of the blocks that have the eggs will flash at the start of the level, but you have to have really good memory to remember that.
You can get rid of the eggs by crushing the blocks that they're in.
And then like I said, Pango can push a side wall that can vibrate and stun a snow bee and then they get 100 points for walking over them.
When all the snow bees are gone, you go on to the next level.
You have diamond blocks that are unbreakable.
And if they are collected in a horizontal or vertical line, then you get an extra 10,000 points if they are aligned without being next to a wall.
And 5,000 if they are against a wall.
They also, by aligning them, will temporarily stun all snow bees.
After 60 seconds, go by without any deaths.
The game goes into sudden death, where the music tempo and the snow bees get faster and basically the snow bee gets to live and you have to start over.
Lather, rinse, repeat.
Yeah.
There is an easter egg that in the attract mode, if you push two joysticks up and press two action buttons and one button of start game, it will show the credits for the game.
And then the game will reset.
You can actually stop the waiting by pressing the start one button.
So yeah, you get different points for killing different things.
And it has intermissions.
It has six intermissions every even numbered round.
They have six penguins that are doing dancing or marching around or shaking their booty in one of them.
The third one, the penguins stop and salute.
The fourth one, the penguins face the player and then exit the screen in a line, kind of like the aliens in Space Invaders.
The fifth one, Pango is revealed to be playing a cocktail table by himself.
And in the sixth version, Pango appears from behind the cocktail table playing peekaboo.
And then it repeats.
So, there were different versions of Pango and some of them had different music.
Now, this very first one here used popcorn as the theme music.
And it took a little while to draw the maze at the start of the game.
The second one had original music and faster maze drawing.
So, of course, the second version was also harder.
So you had Pango, which is Pango's set one revision seed that played popcorn.
And then Pango 2, Pango 2U, Pango 3U, and Pango 4.
Pango 4 being the fastest and hardest.
It was fast and hard.
So there's been many, many versions.
We've had versions on the Atari 2600, 5200, which I have a 5200 version,
Atari 8-bit, Commodore 64, and the Game Gear.
Then Bondi Electronics did two Sega license handhelds of Pango.
One was an LCD pocket game, the other one was a tabletop version.
There was Peppenga Pango that came out on the Sega Master Drive in Japan,
which I need to have this now.
And then there were some clones.
There was Penge for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron.
And Capcom did one called Don't Pool, which was part of Three Wonders,
which I think I've reviewed Three Wonders before, that was a Pango clone.
Hijimaru is really similar to this, too.
Hijimaru.
Sorry, Hijimaru is really similar to this.
Yeah.
There were other remakes that came out.
There was an 8-player version, too, in 2010.
It was on location test at a Sega Shinjuku Nishiguchi that was there in 2012.
May 2012.
Then Club Sega Akihabara Shinkan did another one in July
that was a four-game compilation that was called Gensin Love Plus Pango.
And so then there were just all kinds of different other versions.
And then that compilation one came out on the Xbox 360 as Gensin Love Plus Pango.
As far as the highest Pango score, according to Twin Galaxies, which whoop-de-shit,
Rodney Day of Canberra, Australia, has the world record of Pango
with 1,110,370 points since August 13, 1983, and no one has broken it since.
Also, Pango makes a cameo appearance in Up and Down.
If a player manages to pass the first four rounds in less than a minute each,
he will appear in the water of round five riding a surfboard that Pango will.
You know, I played a game back when I was super young
that was an awful lot like this but had slightly different mechanics.
It was an old, old, old DOS game, predominantly black and white.
It was called Pango, P-A-N-G-O.
Its theme was also popcorn.
You had a shooting mechanic and it also had a gravity mechanic,
so if you built up to a boulder it would come down and squash the enemy,
which, hell, if I can even remember what the enemies were.
But this is striking a lot of familiar feelings for a game
that I haven't played in literally two decades.
Oh, my God, Rob, if you still have it, you totally need to play the raver's choice.
Volume four from DDR.
That's actually one of the many reasons why we all learn about popcorn in our youth
because it was just everywhere.
It was, you know, the traditional...
Which I believe was my first eight.
I don't even remember how hard that game was.
You heard Dark Sakura talking there about how many freaking clones and stuff there were,
so it doesn't surprise me at all that whatever computer you were playing on
probably had this, you know?
It was an old-school straight-up PC.
I'll call it a bootleg because it wasn't a direct copy.
Like I said, the character was a car, not a penguin.
I don't remember what the enemies were, but I'm pretty sure they weren't living things,
traditionally living things.
But, yeah, it was a great game.
I'm not entirely sure how I missed Pingo.
All right. Is that it then?
Your classic game of the week, courtesy of Sega.
Pingo pen.
Although I think that the name Pupunga Pen is actually pretty funny.
Watching the guy play that game kind of hurt me a little bit
because he wasn't crushing the ice blocks that had the eggs in them.
No, I had one that was better than this guy.
It was really good.
But at the second round, the music was replaced with a remake,
with like an OC remix and then another one.
I was like, nah, I want the music.
We need authenticity here.
If you look up Pango playthrough or something, you'll find the really good one first.
Surprising that with all the Sega circle jerk we see,
we don't usually see this game show up with all their remakes.
Although I want to say it did show up in that Sonic collection.
Did it show you the version that the one they had at Pasquale's finally died?
I think we beat it into submission.
That was the only place that I knew of in town that still had a working Pango.
Rest in peace.
All right, we're going to take a break, guys.
When we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come on this, the eve of E3 2014,
including in our next segment, List List.
We haven't done a List List since last year.
We did one at the end of the year for our 2014 predictions.
It's about time.
So yeah, it's high time we bring some OLR games back.
The prequel show is perfect for that.
If you have started listening to OLR this year, you've never heard an OLR game.
I'm sorry.
I know, I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry if you just started listening to this game.
You got 500 episodes to catch up on.
Get to it.
All right, we're going to take a break.
When we come back, plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
We will be right back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday night, June the 8th on the eve of E3.
Now, I imagine there's got to be some of you guys that are going to be listening to this at work,
you know, later in the week or whatever.
I don't know if our Monday crowd will still be listening because, you know,
the press conference is going on, but it'll be really funny that there'll be all this news out there
and you'll get to see what was right and what was wrong.
It's always funny to kind of take a look back.
One of those being wrong, of course, that, you know, The Last Guardian's not canceled.
Well, actually, it just came in.
Somebody had sent me this.
I'm sorry.
I forgot who sent me this tweet about this.
Oh, actually, I think this went to the Twitter.
Oh, for OLR, Redertainment just sent this.
IGN actually issued an official apology for that article in the first place.
Steve Butts, who is, I guess, that's his name, who I guess is the editor-in-chief over at IGN,
basically said, I made the call to post this.
I had credible information.
Obviously, the Twitter post makes that.
It was an error.
And basically, we retract the story and kind of went into this whole no one care about how it happened.
So there it is.
So IGN did officially apologize for that.
So we'll see.
I guess if it was Polygon making that mistake,
they would be filming a documentary about how they made that mistake.
And then they would be engaging in Twitter spats with people about how they're right.
We'll talk about a little bit of that later.
All right, let's get into some rapid fire news
and quickly talk about a few other things going on in the game industry before E3.
Although I have to ask, Dark Sakura, before the show tonight,
you brought me like a big bag of, it was British candy, right?
From our friend Robert in England.
All right.
Well, thanks, Robert, for the candy.
You're getting me on a sugar high here before our list list.
He's done a bunch of stuff.
A lot of it I've been trying to share the wealth,
and I had it ready to bring the week we didn't do a show.
And then I forgot it last week.
You know what I'm hooked on that I need to get me some of is HP sauce.
You can get it easily.
They sell it at Safeway.
I know.
But I need to get me some of that.
You know what's better than HP sauce?
How's the Safeway today?
Daddy's sauce.
It actually is the brand is Daddy's, not Daddy's sauce.
I'll get both.
All right.
There it is.
Go get it at Touch of Britain in North Highlands.
Trust me.
And then have food there.
Look at our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says,
Hoard House always gets me into trouble whenever I listen via podcast.
You're welcome.
SSG100Matt also says they're apologizing, IGN,
because they don't want to get kicked out of Nintendo's after party at E3.
Wouldn't that be Sony's, though?
Alan Alchemy in chat says,
God, you're so mature.
Alan Alchemy says,
Steve Butts of IGN went on record as saying,
Grow up.
I read that differently, Rob.
Or that is,
Grow the F up.
Oh, my God.
I was just trying to stick with the syllables you put in there.
Let's move on with some rapid fire news.
Now what we need now is some sort of, you know,
mashed up song with a girl's butts about their whole mistake.
You know, called Steve Butts.
Witcher 3, the Wild Hunt, finally got its reveal this week.
Or at least an extended reveal, which they announced the release date.
February 24, 2015.
It'll be coming out on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC.
In both retail and digital formats.
Of course, on GOG Games.
Or GOG.com, obviously.
I'll be there.
And then, this is kind of exciting.
Crytek announced, or I should say Deep Silver announced,
that Crytek's going to be doing the sequel to Homefront.
So, Homefront The Revolution, that's going to be coming out sometime in 2015.
Also on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
And I'm pretty excited about that.
Because the original game looked pretty cool.
And be curious to check out the new one when it comes out, eventually.
So I'm sure that's going to be something we'll see at probably E3.
Probably. Probably.
Jason?
Alright.
The news we have all been waiting for.
Harmonix has finally given a release date to...
Disney Fantasia Music Evolved.
Some people are looking forward to it.
It looks like it...
Harmonix's touch on things is very much in line with mine.
They have officially dated Disney Fantasia Music Evolved for October 21st
to be released on the Xbox One and Xbox 360.
Disney Fantasia explores the vivid imagery and music of Disney's symphonic film,
but with a modern spin and a conductor-like wave of the arm in front of Kinect.
So the much...
And they've actually...
I remember...
I don't know if we've reported on it every time,
but I think it's been a long time.
And they've actually...
I remember...
I don't know if we've reported on it every single time,
but every single time that Harmonix has a reveal for this game,
more and more of the soundtrack is revealed.
And it's always seemed a little weird to me because they're always very modern,
and I wouldn't even call them poppy songs in most cases,
but at any rate, they have good songs going into it.
And the reveal that accompanied this announcement on this turn was a new level,
the neighborhood, a new world, rather, the neighborhood,
a surreal glimpse of 1980s New York,
with a pastel sky bursting behind skyscrapers.
And the songs announced are M.I.A.'s Galang and the Who's the Real Me.
For all of you importing fans out there, Retro Game Challenge 2,
the fan translation of Game Center CX2, has arrived.
Done by Aaron in Japan, as everybody knows him as.
Well, not everybody, but people who maybe started with Bomani and stuff
probably remember that name, yeah.
The DDR crew, as it were, knows Aaron,
the last name that I have never been able to pronounce successfully,
as Aaron in Japan.
And not just text, but graphics as well,
so that any Japanese symbols, symbology that isn't just straight-up words
have been translated into English.
Go forth and enjoy it, because these games are quite fun.
This is great that the community went to get this game translated,
a real missed opportunity to not put this game out.
I mean, I understand maybe the first one didn't do so hot,
but it was such a cute little game,
and people, I think, really missed out by not checking it out,
so I'm glad people get to...
I wish people could have got to do this the legal way,
but desperate times.
Like everything else, well, they brought it, they did bring it here,
so I'm pretty sure that licensing has a huge amount to do with this,
because I would imagine that the TV station that airs Game Center CX
has large claims to it, and probably has high licensing, likeness,
something-something rights to it.
Yeah, but...
The legalities, whatever.
But it's here, and everybody can import and hack their legitimate copy
to play it in English.
Sure.
All right, lastly, Dark Soccer for Rapid Fire News.
Well, there is some news about an actual TV series, kind of TV series,
more like a short interactive TV show that's going to be on Xbox One,
Xbox 360, and PS4 in November.
It's called Rabbids Invasion, the interactive TV show,
so it's a CG animated show that's based off of the Rabbids,
and it will require a Kinect or PlayStation camera,
and lets you do little mini-games like matching poses or egg fights
or stuff like that, and it's up to four players at a time,
so that's kind of neat.
And there is something I'm kind of excited about.
It's Marathon Gamers, if anyone hasn't heard of them.
It's a group of friends who have a small charity organization
who will be doing the summer marathon of friendship to raise money
for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
The group actually is from Huntsville, Alabama,
so that's why I kind of have a big interest in them.
It's a 48-hour marathon gaming session on June 20th on Stitch.
So they're going to be playing Left 4 Dead, Mario Party,
all kinds of games, and you can contribute.
It will start June 20th at 2 p.m. Central Time,
and you can join it on twitch.tv forward slash marathon underscore gamers,
or you can go to marathongamers.org and check them out.
Please, please, please, please, please help them out
because they're doing a great thing.
All right, excellent.
I like giving shout-outs to the charity streams,
lots of good stuff out there.
And they're from my home state.
All right, let's get into, we've been hyping this up all night.
It is time for us to bring back the segment known as Listless.
All right, here is the way that Listless works.
It's been a little while since we've played this game,
but I'm going to explain the rules one more time here, okay?
We are going to put together as a highly scientific method
for us to determine the definitive list.
Once we have put this together, there is no arguing with it.
It's done. It's definitive.
We've compiled it. You voted on it. It's done.
And yes, you will have a chance to vote on the list
and help make this a possibility.
Head on over to live.vognetwork.com if you wish to play.
Those of you that listen on the podcast feed, I'm sorry.
You can't play for now, but we are looking at in the next year
expanding this segment so that you can actually vote during the week as well,
but that will be later on.
So for tonight, just the live chatters getting to participate in Listless,
not Piss Piss, Kajuno, List, List, L-I-S-T-L-E-S-S.
Okay, here's how it works.
Tonight we're going to have five people in studio,
and we are all going to compile the first list,
and we do that by naming our top three.
So we'll have five, and we'll take that down to, or we'll take that up to 15.
Then comes round two where we all vote something off the list.
Now remember in the upgraded Listless rules that we did last year for 2.0,
if a host has two answers removed from the list,
the third one gets immunity.
That way nobody's list gets completely decimated.
So we will each eliminate one answer.
And also in case of a tie.
It wasn't there in case of a tie.
The host's choice that wasn't picked gets the break of time.
Oh, you're right. I am breaking the engagement.
You're throwing it way back. That's all right.
It's been a little while. It's been a little while. All right.
So anyway, so with, and they're talking in chat that it sounds like List List,
like a like like or something in Zelda.
No, that's the joke.
That's the joke, you guys. That's the joke.
All right. Anyway, Crystal Waters, I love you,
but I'm going to take your volume down there in a minute.
Let's see. What else do I need to say about this?
So we're up to 10, and then you guys over at live.vognetwork.com
are going to get to vote for your top two answers.
You're just going to click them.
It's going to pop up right there on the screen.
You click your number one, you click your number two,
and then you submit, and there it is.
We compile the votes and read the answers here a little later on the show.
So let's get to it.
All right, Crystal, you can come back now that we're ready to actually start making this list.
So let's put it up on the board.
The question tonight, what are we most looking forward to at E3 2014?
We're going to put that up on the board,
and those of you over at live.vognetwork.com will be able to see that pop up on your screen.
While we wait for that to pop up, we're going to introduce who's playing along tonight.
Of course, Techmaster Loki.
And Loki, celebrities on game shows always are promoting something.
So what are you promoting tonight?
I'm promoting... I don't know.
Promoting apathy.
All right. Apathy, people of America.
Loki's promoting apathy. All right, fair enough.
Dark Sakura, of course, is here tonight participating as well.
Dark Sakura, what are you promoting tonight?
Flatulence.
Flatulence.
All right, there it is. All right.
Dark Sakura's here as well.
I am here as well, and in good Rob Roberts fashion, I'm promoting myself.
Twitter.com slash S-K-I-E if you wish to follow me on the Twittersies.
Also joining us tonight in studio is Jason.
I'm promoting the Melancholy Awareness Association of America.
Oh, are you a sad panda?
For their sake, I am.
All right. And last but not least, joining us in studio, speaking of apathy.
Oh my God. All right, say hello, everybody, to Shane.
Hello.
Hi, Shane.
Hi.
This is why I have you take Jamie's mic. I can actually hear you on that one. How are you?
I'm fine.
And what will you be promoting tonight?
I'm going to promote the charity Pediatric AIDS. We give babies AIDS.
What? That's not even funny.
I thought it was.
No, it's not.
Look at these people in here. They're laughing.
It's awkward laughter because you're weird.
He means AIDS and, you know, assistance.
Yeah.
Butlers.
Duh. We give them puppies and walkers.
What were you thinking?
A 70s diet drug, clearly.
All right.
What?
Let's get into building the list. We're going to create the definitive list with the top answers.
Let's start with Jason. What is your first answer for the board?
Of course you had to start with me. I've been wrenching this last five minutes trying to figure out what the hell I'm going to say.
Well, I need at least another.
Oh, hopefully we steal all five of those. So you have this agony.
You all can give your answers along in chat as well over at live.vognetwork.com.
If you want to help out the hosts by putting some answers up on the board, live.vognetwork.com.
Because we have to pay this one forward, I will go with, despite the fact that they have no official show floor present, Val will bust through the arena, interrupting somebody else's keynote, Kanye style, and Half-Life 3. Go get it.
Sorry for the awkward silence. I'm writing it down. Hold on.
All right. There it is. So, Val, will Kanye interrupt a keynote with Half-Life 3?
So you are basically just totally swiping Bobby's winning answer from last year.
Ah, that's not cool, man.
Is what you're doing.
Yeah, well, like I said, I'm paying it forward. I'm paying it forward, dammit.
We're going to start that way.
Paying it forward, plagiarizing, saving.
Fine.
That's what I'm going to say from now on. Oh, I can't plagiarize that. I've been paid forward.
We'll put it up on the board and see how that goes. Shane, your number three answer.
Okay, so I totally wrote down five things, so I thought it was five for some reason, so I will say my number three is,
Microsoft realizes we need a new Alan Wake fix and puts a show in production for their dumb Xbox One TV show initiative.
Kind of like Twin Peaks, because that's what that game really is.
So an Alan Wake TV show on Xbox One, essentially.
All right, let's put that up on the board. That's a nice, non-offensive good answer from you. I like that.
All right, Alan Wake TV show on Xbox One.
All right, let's go now over to Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura, the lovely Dark Sakura, with her number three answer.
I'll get a Mass Effect sticker. I'll bring it back for you.
Is your mic off, Dark Sakura? I don't know why.
Yeah, Shane turned my mic off. Thank you, Shane.
All right, so Dark Sakura's answer was Mass Effect anything.
But you know what I would really like? An HD remix of the first three.
There's those rumors going on up there.
Without having to use mods like I've already done. I pretty much already play Mass Effect HD remix, just saying.
Fair enough. All right, Mass Effect anything is up there on the board. There it is.
Let's go over to me and my number three answer.
My number three answer tonight is the Microsoft Game Shows Return.
I'm talking one versus a hundred and that stuff. Come on.
And you say mine was a gimme. Come on, Rob.
Whatever. This is something you obviously quite want to see. You bring up a lot.
I think every list list I talk about how I want to frickin' that thing to happen there.
What's that every episode?
All right, Microsoft's Game Shows Return. Putting that up on the board.
All right, Loki, last but not least with your number three answer tonight.
Well, you know, I could say something serious, but what fun would that be?
So like I came up with the chatroom earlier, it's going to be Red Dead Redemption Cross Midnight Club.
It's drift horses with neons.
Hey, I'd play that a couple rounds at least.
Red Dead Redemption Cross Midnight Club. So drift racing with horses.
Old west drift racing.
Sort of like Wendy Okupa and that little carousel cart or whatever that is.
Except these horses are going to have thumpin' bass and undercarriage lights and all that fun stuff.
All right, fine. There it is. It's up on the board there. Red Dead Redemption Cross.
Vin Diesel's going to have a cameo because why not?
Why not? Why not? All right, let's go to the number two answers.
Jason. Yeah, everybody do it. Where have you been, Shane?
I started with all the agonizing. Fair answer.
Jason.
No, there is actually one legitimate one.
All right.
At least one. I still have to think of a good number one.
Google's acquisition of Twitch confirmed with bonuses.
With unforeseen things that were not announced in the deal.
The reason why all this is taking place and not just, hey Twitch, move into our data centers.
Yes, Google, the acquisition as was rumored, what, two weeks ago and then just disappeared.
Finalizes with new features to come as a part of it.
All right, so I'm going to throw that up on the board as Google Twitch acquisition confirmed with perks.
Exactly correct.
All right, there it is. You talk about safe answers. All right.
I actually don't think, in reality, I actually don't think that's a very safe answer.
All right, well, we'll see. All right.
Going to Shane's number two answer. Shane, what is your number two answer?
My number two answer is giving the fans what they want. Konami announces they're done ruining Silent Hill.
And that's it. That's it. There's no new game. There's no actual game. It's just an apology.
You know what? We're done.
Yeah, they're not going to make any more.
All right, they're going to take it out back and shoot it.
Yes.
All right, sounds good. They're just going to let Pyramid Head cut it up. Here it is.
But we are proud to announce Silent Hill Lords of Sirens, the spinoff game.
Straight up action.
Konami announces they are done ruining Silent Hill. There it is, Shane's number two answer.
Dark Sakura, your number two answer, please.
X Tango returns.
Oh, I was in one of the Tango halls.
Ah, that's amazing. X Tango, one of the games we saw many years ago that never happened. Nothing ever happened with it.
It was fun.
It was a music game where you would put in commands in the characters of Tango.
It was great.
It was great, yeah. Whatever happened to it? The internet. You know what? If that game was around today, it would have had a Kickstarter.
Let's kickstart X Tango.
All right.
I will do this shit. You watch.
And then it will sell a million copies.
Time for my number two answer. My number two answer. Okay, I'm going to go like really crazy talk with this.
This is fanboy wank. Everybody get your splash zone.
F zero and just finish it raw.
Nope, nope, nope, nope. Worse.
Get your plastic tarp over your head for the splash zone wank that's about to happen. You ready?
All right, so here's the thing.
The Wii U is going to go online in a big way.
And I'm not just talking about like the Dragon Quest X game we've been waiting for.
The reason why Phantasy Star Online 2 has been delayed? Wii U exclusive.
Phantasy Star Online 2 Wii U exclusive.
Oh, the people in the room seem receptive to that. I thought you'd all boomy for that answer.
Boo.
I mean, why are you boomy?
It's wank, but let's not say that's a bad idea.
That'll never happen. Although, I mean, I guess if they have any chance of an MMO coming to them, you know, coming from Sega.
Because for some reason Sega loves Nintendo, ironically.
Why not? Sega and Nintendo are kind of in bed together. It would make a lot of sense.
If Nintendo really wants to come all out there and be like, bam, we're online, that would do it.
And then Microsoft would be like, bam, we're online with motherfucking Destiny, which is way better than that fucking game.
Not for everybody, though. Is Anna Banana-Chan in Destiny? I don't think so.
Nobody's going to understand that joke.
It could be, if you name your character.
Shane understood it. Alright. Loki, last but not least, your number two answer.
Okay. Sticking with my completely serious answers here.
I would love to see just an unusual announcement, coming from any of the big three, I guess, of President Cat 2, Prepare for Kittenfall.
Oh, that's good. President Cat 2, Prepare for Kittenfall.
What's the general synopsis of President Cat 2?
It's just, you know, mech suits and kittens and everything that the internet loves.
All wrapped in the one nice package. It's got the casual angle, it's got the hardcore angle.
It's got cats.
Alright. Here is the board so far.
Valve, will Kanye interrupt a keynote with Half-Life 3?
Alan Wake TV show on Xbox One, Mass Effect anything, Microsoft's game shows return, Red Dead Redemption cross Midnight Club,
Google's Twitch acquisition confirmed with perks, Konami announces they are done ruining Silent Hill,
X-Tango returns, Phantasy Star Online 2 Wii U exclusive, and President Cat 2, Prepare for Kittenfall.
Man, the elimination round tonight is going to suck.
These are all really good answers, but we still have one more set of answers to put up on the board.
Jason, what is your number one answer?
So far as I know, I don't recall if this developer has a booth and I don't know that I've heard any specific news about it.
Mighty No. 9 playable at E3 on the show floor.
Mighty No. 9 playable at E3 in a tiny tent.
Mighty No. 9 playable at E3 in a tiny tent next to the Capcom booth.
Mighty No. 9 playable at E3.
And that's Jason's list.
Shane, what is your number one answer?
It's a little long. You can condense it easily though, I'm sure.
Sony and Take-Two announce a partnership to bring the PS4 version of BioShock Infinite to Project Morpheus for amazingly fun virtual rail swinging.
Sony plus Take-Two, 3D BioShock Infinite.
BioShockulous.
BioShockulous.
But it's not Oculus.
BioMorphius.
Alright, Morpheus version of BioShock Infinite. That's probably the best way I can condense that.
Any particular reason you went that route, Shane?
I really liked that game and I didn't want to be too predictable tonight.
So I did not talk about Elite Beat Agents, Pokemon, Mass Effect. I did talk about Silent Hill, but I killed it.
Alright, Dark Sakura. That is Shane's list. There it is. Dark Sakura, what is your number one answer?
A game that features an all-female cast not written with any misogynistic tendencies in mind.
As in, no hyper-sexualization, they're written intelligently, and don't need no man.
How the fuck am I supposed to condense that?
Let's see, I'm going to put all female cast and credit developed video games.
No, because I have seen men that write women well. Brian Michael Bendis writes a very good woman, for example.
Murphy Brown the video game.
No. That's bullshit.
Non-sexist all-woman game. There we go.
What was that Fox sitcom back in the late 90s?
I don't know. I don't watch that damn show.
That's... I would not call that non-misogyny.
Alright, all-female game with zero misogyny. That was the best way I could condense that there.
Yes.
So I'm going to put that up on Dark Sakura's board.
And if anyone wants a good example, look at Claymore.
Alright.
All women, no romantic subplot. None of that shit.
Alright.
It's not a chick flick show.
There it is, that's Dark Sakura's list.
My number one answer is that... what will happen is that finally, after all these years, it will be a Half-Life 3 teaser shown at E3.
But then halfway through the teaser, GLaDOS interrupts it and says,
Oh, were you getting your hopes up? And the 3 shifts into a Portal 3 logo.
So GLaDOS...
Oh, that would piss everybody off.
GLaDOS, Valve trolls Valve is my answer, basically. Valve trolls Valve with a Portal 3 trailer.
How in the hell are you going to summarize that?
GLaDOS turns Half-Life 3 into Portal 3, I guess.
That would be fantastic.
I just put Valve trolls Valve with a Portal 3 trailer, and you guys already heard the rest of the answer there.
Alright, let's go to Loki, and dare I ask it, the last one on the list, your number one answer.
My number one answer, I mean, I don't know, I can't think of anything really great and just cheesy, so I guess I will be somewhat serious.
Even though they haven't made the movies in a long-ass time, and the games weren't that great, I would love to see Rockstar do a new Matrix game.
Because the version of, was it, their game, The Warriors, was one of the best movie adaptation games I've ever seen.
And The Warriors, I mean, that game came out way after the movie, obviously, so I would love to see him go back and take over that franchise.
So turn a mediocre franchise into a really good one through a video game?
Yeah.
Alright, awesome.
I got it.
What?
Goonies.
Oh, wait.
Too late, too late.
Alright, there we go, Rockstar does a new Matrix game, so there it is, here are the 15 answers up on the board.
Valve, will Kanye interrupt a keynote with Half-Life 3?
Google Twitch acquisition confirmed with perks.
Mighty No. 9 playable at E3.
Alan Wake TV show on Xbox One.
Konami announces they are done ruining Silent Hill.
Morpheus version of BioShock Infinite.
Mass Effect anything.
Extango returns.
All female game with zero misogyny.
Microsoft's game shows returns.
Phantasy Star Online 2 Wii U exclusive.
Valve trolls Valve with Portal 3 trailer.
Red Dead Redemption cross Midnight Club.
President Cat 2 prepare for Kittenfall and Rockstar does a new Matrix game.
This is an awfully big list.
It's time to trim it up a little bit.
This is going to be a very tough round tonight, but it is all part of the process, folks.
And if you want to egg on the host, you should be shouting in chat right now which of these is not worthy of the list.
Jason, you get the lovely distinction of going first, but that means you can take any one of these out that you want.
Jason, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Oh, man.
You know, the jokes don't quite reach that bar as obvious dumb to get rid of.
And all the serious ones are really, really good.
This is a really hard decision.
But I'm going to say just for plausibility and obvious and gimme, Mass Effect anything.
Oh, alright.
Only because it's not a stretch. It's the only reason.
Alright. You want to keep us living in Wackyville.
Alright, fair enough.
So in Jason's quest to keep us living in Wackyville, sorry DarkSakura, but you know you're going to get Mass Effect anything anyway.
Alright, it is stricken from the list.
Shane, which of these answers is not worthy of the list?
I'm sorry, Jason, but it's just past its reference time.
The Kanye one with the valve thing.
That's years old.
Are you only distributed because of the Kanye reference?
Yes.
No, it wasn't his edition.
Never mind. Okay.
Well, plus we're not going to repeat last year, Jason.
It's time for a new year, so I understand.
If he didn't eliminate that one-
It's not over until it happens.
Alright, so there it is. It's not worthy of the list.
It has been stricken from the list.
So DarkSakura has the distinction of going next.
DarkSakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm actually going to take off the Alan Wake TV show.
Oh, an Alan Wake TV show. Why that?
Because I don't really like Alan Wake.
Alright, it is stricken from the list.
Sorry, Shane, but it wasn't going to happen anyway.
Alright, it is stricken from the list.
I like how these have been all tier three.
Yeah, it's been all tier-
Well, let's see what happens because I'm going next.
It's my turn to eliminate an answer.
Oh, God, this is hard.
I'm going to break the trend here and I'm going to make-
I'm unfortunately going to take a second answer off of somebody's list.
And Jason, it's going to be you.
I'm going to take Google's Twitch acquisition off the list.
How? I'm offended.
I just-
It's not really game news.
You're completely safe.
It's a little safe.
It's kind of the same reason you took the Mass Effect thing off.
It's a little safe and I just-
I don't know, it's a little bit like-
With bonuses.
They're going to say something that's just really fantastic.
I know, I know.
Oh, they're not an independent company.
But we're all running off the assumption it's already happening.
That's my problem with it.
So I'm sorry, Jason.
I'm not supposed to have predicted that it won't come to pass.
All right.
But the good news, Jason, this means Mighty No. 9 playable at E3 has immunity.
So there it is.
So Loki, that out of the picture, which of the rest of these is not worthy?
Loki's whole list is going to survive.
I can't believe this.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Well, just because I don't know what else they possibly could show at E3 because they only have what-
I mean, granted, it is a pretty decent game, Metal Gear Solid 5 and Pro Evo, I guess, 2015.
But I don't think that Konami is done ruining Silent Hill.
Considering that there's all these popular horror games coming out, especially in the indie scene,
they're going to ruin that game until it stops making them any money.
Hasn't they already done that?
Oh, I think that there's going to be a next-gen Silent Hill game.
I bet there will be.
So there will be.
Look at how-
I feel like there'll be a third movie.
I want to point out, look at how we treat our guests on this show.
Look at Shane's list, also down to one answer with Morpheus version of BioShock Infinite.
Dark Soccer gets through with PAR with only one of our answers getting eliminated.
Myself and Loki unscathed.
Imagine that.
How the hell did that happen?
Well, it's like they said, orange is the new black.
You guys take care of yourselves.
Of your own.
I will say this.
I was very tempted to go with the Red Dead Redemption cross midnight club,
but it seemed like too many chatters were really excited about that answer,
so I didn't eliminate that.
Pure pressure.
All right, fine.
All right, pure pressure.
All right, so here it is.
With those five eliminated from the list, we are left with the following.
X-Tango returns.
Mighty No. 9 playable at E3.
Morpheus version of BioShock Infinite.
All-female game with zero misogyny.
I almost took that off the list too,
only because I'm sorry, Dark Soccer.
It's not going to happen this year.
It's sad, but it's one of those things that's like it's a sad state of affairs,
but let me put it this way.
I'm looking on Twitter.
Some people are at E3 and hanging out and all this stuff, and it's going on,
and somebody has already overheard the phrase fucking F-A-G-G-O-T
already out on the show floor walking around there,
and I'm kind of like and these are the same people
that then go post on the comment section of the websites.
Why do we need a gamer X, or why do we need a safe space,
or why do we need this social movement, or what?
But it's not that I disagree with that answer.
It's that sadly, I just don't think it's going to happen.
Or as I like to say, not all men, but too damn many.
All right, but it is still on the list, so we'll see.
Also, Microsoft's game shows return.
Phantasy Star Online 2 Wii U exclusive.
Valve Trolls Valve with a Portal 3 trailer.
Red Dead Redemption cross Midnight Club.
President Cat 2 prepare for Kittenfall.
And Rockstar does a new Matrix game.
So this is now in your hands, folks that are participating
over at the Voice Geeks Network, live.vaganetwork.com.
I'm updating the list right now, and in just a couple seconds here,
you will be able to answer.
So you're going to click on your number one and your number two choices there
as soon as the message pops up at the bottom of the screen, and there it is.
You can click your number one and your number two and click the answer button.
We will compile the list and read the answers a little later on in the show.
Looking at our chat room over at live.vaganetwork.com.
Some other answers that didn't make it.
VidPower says, funny slash serious answer.
Rare working on some non-banjo-kazooie 3 game.
Let's see.
Kaijudo, though it does say Grand Theft Auto 6 with a female lead.
Could be interesting.
So there you go.
Your turn to vote over at live.vaganetwork.com.
We will see what the definitive list ends up being tonight.
You know, to be fair, Kaijudo, they actually did have, it wasn't a lead,
but they had a pretty decent secondary character in Grand Theft Auto 4
that was a female.
She was kind of like a drug boss, so that was kind of cool.
All right, and Kaijudo in chat also says,
can I take them all off the list and start a new one?
Sure, all you have to do is create your own blog.
There you go.
But as far as OLR list goes, nope, you're stuck with that.
That's part of the scientific process.
We don't always agree with science, Kaijudo, but we're stuck with it.
So there you go.
Let's now take this opportunity to go over to the FUGL question of the week.
You take Facebook, you take Google, you slam it together, you get FUGL.
We're going to ask a question of our Facebook and Google communities,
and we're going to read some of our favorite answers right now on the show.
And tonight's FUGL question of the week is, of course, about E3
and in line with what we just did.
Give us one prediction for one of the big press conferences,
Microsoft EA, Ubi, Sony, or Nintendo.
Try to be a little risky in your prediction,
saying, I think Microsoft will talk about Halo isn't exactly going to impress everyone with your predicting ability.
This is your last chance to make your big prediction,
so you can be the guy or gal, of course, who says,
I called it, as people love to do on the internet later this week.
Because, you know, they're going to talk about Halo 5,
and somebody's going to be like, totally called that.
Totally called Halo 5, because there's always that guy that's like, no shit.
All right.
Guys, guys, guys.
It's going to be a new call of duty.
Totally called it.
All right.
Going to some of the answers over there on Facebook and Google,
starting with Facebook.
Tiger Claw says, my prediction for Nintendo is going to be,
they reveal a brand new Star Fox for the Wii U,
fully utilizing the gamepad touch screen, reminiscent of Star Fox Command on the DS.
So either that or a new Metroid game on Wii U that's a 2D side scroller.
So there you go.
And then likes to insert that same answer about Gabe Newell and Half Life 3
that already got eliminated from the list earlier.
All right.
Let's go to the next answer, which is from Rob H., who says,
fingers crossed Rare comes back with a good perfect dark
and an HD remake of Blastcore, free with Blastcore 2 on both 360 and Xbox One.
Oh, God.
He is my new best friend.
Oh, if there was a new Blastcore,
I would buy whatever system it's on in a heartbeat,
which I guess would be the one in this case.
Renee, our friend from Killer Queens from Outer Space,
was on episode 13 of that show, so check it out.
Renee says Square Enix announces more updates on Kingdom Hearts 3,
revealing new worlds from forgotten animated features,
such as the Black Cauldron, Song of the South,
you're right, Song of the South,
and the unforgettable Donald Duck's World War II propaganda cartoon.
Wow.
That's a pretty bold answer.
Well, the Black Cauldron is, they at least have Disney pins for that.
Fabrice A. replies on Facebook.
No, wait, wait, wait.
It's not something we're saying.
You know what would be hilarious?
Is if they had, oh, God, what the hell was that movie?
Of course, now that I think it,
I can't remember the name of the franchise,
but the Nicolas Cage movie,
where he's going and searching for the artifacts and stuff like that.
National Treasure.
National Treasure.
Wasn't that a Disney movie?
Wouldn't that be hilarious to have that as like a world that they go to?
A world of Nicolas Cage, absolutely.
Exactly.
All right, Fabrice A. replies and says,
Microsoft announces another price drop for Xbox One and Xbox 360.
Sony announces Shenmue 3.
Wait a minute, that's quite flipping the script.
I always thought it was supposed to be Microsoft that was supposed to have that.
Burr replies and says,
Sony announces Home 2.0 for PlayStation 4.
I'd be curious to see if they would continue Home.
You know, it certainly has its fans over on PlayStation 3.
There's quite a vocal community over there.
I'm kind of surprised they haven't done something on PlayStation 4 yet.
So, curious to see what happens with that.
Fifth Dream replies and says,
My predictions are Nintendo announces the long-awaited Pokemon MMO.
Sony gives a release date for Project Morpheus, which arrives with the new VR Home.
Microsoft announces Kinect 3.0, which looks suspiciously like a Power Glove.
And Final Fantasy XV gets a surprise release at the end of the week.
Well, that's a little bit of a stretch, but wouldn't it be fun?
Andy R. replies and says,
Sega breaks back into the console biz with a new system available next Tuesday.
Would be a very Sega thing to do.
Dark Charger replies,
Nintendo will finally adopt a subscription model for their classic games.
Thank you, I like that answer.
Rageinator says,
Gabe Newell will walk on stage with a one last thing line,
rips open a jacket to reveal a t-shirt with a 3 on it,
then spikes the microphone, not simply drops it.
Awesome Unicorn says,
I really don't care what the announcement is, but I just want someone to pull a Beyonce,
and Nintendo has shown a willingness to do that with their lesser titles,
such as the surprise Inazuma 11 release.
Can you imagine the insanity and sheer excitement of an announcement
that Super Smash Bros. for the 3DS will be available on the eShop,
following their digital event?
Again, that's really wishful thinking,
but I think you hit the nail on the head with the whole surprise,
under the radar title, anything's possible.
Something like Mario Maker is a prime candidate.
It's not going to be on the eShop during the event.
If anything, I'm guessing at this point since we got a July announcement already
of the Wii Sports Club thing, it's going to be August.
And Hitstun lastly on Facebook says,
Nintendo responds to fan feedback by bringing back Mario Kart 64's Block Fort
in Smash Bros. Trolls.
I like that answer.
And going over to Google Plus and reading some of the answers over there.
Why don't I see the answers over here?
Hello, Google. Come in, Google.
Where are my answers?
Oh, there they are. Way down there. Hi.
Let's get to the comments on this one.
Colin M. replies and says,
Nintendo announces a new minigame collection for the Wii U.
Possible Mario Party U.
Well, Colin, with all due respect, that's a safe answer.
A minigame collection on the Wii U? You don't say.
All right, at least he throws a possible title out there.
We'll see. More Mario possibly.
ActDeft replies and says,
Nintendo adds streaming to the Wii U.
Probably not happening, but wouldn't it be awesome?
And when Nintendo's new revenue sharing thing for YouTube,
it just might happen.
I don't think that box is powerful enough,
but you never know. You never know.
It may not do HD, but maybe a virtual console,
like a lounge where you can watch other people play virtual console games.
They could do their own thing with it.
They wouldn't necessarily have to adopt Twitch. Why not?
They could backport replays, highlights into every other game.
If Xbox 360's Game Room technology allowed for the recording
of playthroughs of classic video games,
they could do it with Nintendo.
It would take a clever work around for the lower technology.
Even the 360 was more powerful than the Wii U.
It would take the bad letter E for Nintendo.
That E word being effort, and they don't do it.
All right, sorry, redertainment last but not least,
with The Question Knight saying,
With the recent moves by Microsoft to make a previously premium app available to all
without needing a gold subscription,
Microsoft will need to announce something to make being a paid subscriber to Xbox Live worthwhile.
That something is what I think Microsoft will announce.
I don't quite know what that will be,
but my gut is telling me something involving Comcast, Time Warner, and or DirecTV.
Could you possibly be meaning their own channel?
Because it seems to be the direction we're heading in right now, but we'll see.
All right, that does it for the Google Question of the Week.
Join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio,
or on Google Plus, google.com slash plus, orange launch radio, all one word.
We still have some more gaming news for you all, so let's get to it. Loki.
All right, so let's see, Mario Kart did pretty well.
At launch, it sold over 1 million units, 1.2 million during its debut week,
and making that the fastest selling Wii U game to date.
So, of course, you know, Reggie's pretty excited about that.
They said, you know, the early response of Mario Kart 8 demonstrates that the best days for Wii U are still ahead.
This year's E3 is just days away, and it will be all about future games for Nintendo platforms.
No shit! It's going to be about future games for Nintendo platforms?
I thought they were going to be talking about the Xbox!
That's the dumbest fucking statement he could make, but whatever.
Hooray for Mario Kart 8.
By the way, this was the article that may have gotten me into a little bit of trouble on Twitter this week.
I might have had a big ass sassy mouth, and I might have written a tweet that my buddy Godfrey over at Gamertag Radio retweeted,
and somebody over at Polygon might have seen it and had an issue with something my sassy ass mouth had to say.
And I basically said something to the effect of, you know, well, Mario Kart 8 sells 1.2 million in its first weekend,
which is what Polygon predicted it would sell in its entire lifespan.
Way to go, games analyst! Thumbs up emoji.
And I got a little reply from a guy that works at Polygon.
In fact, I think he's kind of a high-up mucky-mup over there, Ben Kucera.
And he basically replied saying, should I bring up the conversation here?
Well, like I say, my policy on analysts and why I don't really like to talk about analysts on the show,
you can't spell analysts without anal.
I just, I'm the, if I'm going to be analyzing stuff, I'm going to do it my own way.
I'm not going to, you know, quote some dude that's got, you know, well, see,
at least this guy has a little bit of experience in the industry,
not necessarily someone that just crunches numbers all day long.
So, all right, I'm trying to bring up the conversation I had.
So here's the tweet that started off.
I put, so, Mario Kart 8 sold in a weekend what Polygon predicted it would sell in a lifetime, right?
Got to love games analyst, thumbs up.
And that got, by the way, seven retweets and ten favorites.
So Ben Kucera replies and says, it still needs to sell over four million more units
or nearly a one-to-one ratio with a tiny Wii U install base to prove the point.
Everyone is happy the game is a hit,
but it's a long ways from beating the second worst selling title in the series.
At least try to understand what you're criticizing before you start the smack talk colon P.
And I'm like, oh, it's going to be like, oh, you're going to come at me like that?
Back rolls? Okay.
I'm going to start calling you crazy eyes, I hope you know.
My sassy mouth might have replied,
because I was like, well, he was kind enough to let me know his thoughts,
so maybe I should reply in kind.
So I wrote back and I said, assuming Wii U install base doesn't grow significantly this holiday.
Admittedly, it's an uphill climb,
but I think what was overlooked in the original analysis was Wii U adopter makeup.
It's small, yes, but fiercely Nintendo loyal.
To say 20% here means 20% here didn't turn out to be accurate,
but we will see when and if the install base grows.
And that's when he wrote that tweet that said at least know what you're criticizing.
And I wrote back and I said, here is what I'm criticizing.
I realized the article's main point was lowest selling,
but, and I put a little screen cap there of where they showed,
Mario Kart 8 Wii was going to sell 1.2 million units overall.
And I said, in this internet ADD reading age, these pictures can truly wield many words.
And then I said, for what it's worth, I think your site overall is typically better balanced.
There's other sites that sensationalize way worse.
I'd never give them attention by calling them out on Twitter, which is true.
But, okay, Shane's desperate to say something on this.
What'd you want to say on this, Shane?
All right. Yes, Shane, what?
I wanted to say first, I think Polygon has always been bad ever since they launched
and gave themselves all that media hype about, look at the behind the scenes crap that we're doing.
Yeah, it was a little silly, but it was years ago, to be fair.
And Bobby can't ban me from talking right now,
so I would say Polygon is more sensationalist than Kotaku lately.
And Kotaku's a lot more readable than Polygon has been in a while.
Interesting. All right.
I don't know. I don't visit that website.
And I don't know how much longer I'll visit the other if that continues to be the trend.
I did not get a reply to my little retort, just saying.
Little thing there.
All right. Anyway, did you get all of your stories out, Loki?
No. I was also going to mention that Watchdog sold 4 million copies.
So that did pretty well, considering that it was slightly delayed from when they originally thought it would be out.
It's interesting, because going back to the conversation we were having about exactly those same two games last weekend,
you made the point that you see a lot more Mario Kart media than you've been seeing Watchdog's media.
Call it selective bias, and that may be the case, but like...
Yeah, I think that's the case.
In the week and a half that we are now in for both of those games' release,
I've seen a fair amount of trailers, a lot of online coordination,
a lot of Twitter and other coordination to play games online, and a lot of stuff for Mario Kart.
I have seen three Watchdog spoofs, one by Mega64, another...
No, I've seen one. I'm actually... I think I'm confusing it for like a picture.
Oh no, there was somebody that I follow that has a game deconstruction talking channel on Blip.
He might still be on YouTube.
He was deconstructing that apparently one of the Watchdog missions is you have to kill someone in prison that knows who you are by avoiding the guards.
Except for the fact that the prisoner was scheduled to be executed anyways. Why not just let things run its course?
So I was seeing a lot of deconstructions and spoofs about the content of Watchdogs,
and there may be a third example in there, I don't remember what it is, but those two chiefly I can remember right now,
and I see a lot of fun, hey this game is fun, let's fucking play it, coming out of Mario Kart.
Yeah, it's gaining a lot of steam, and look, I totally get the idea that the game,
if the Wii U doesn't get a bigger install base, then that game isn't going to sell more copies.
I totally get that, because there isn't much of an install base for the Wii U,
but I don't think it was fair to say because it sold 20% here, it's going to sell 20% here,
because that's assuming that those people that bought the system are exact same proportional make-up of the people that bought the system over here.
So that was my issue with that whole thing. Anyway.
Moving on, let's talk about, speaking of Nintendo, I kind of referenced this briefly earlier in the show,
but I'm sure a lot of you guys heard that Satoru Iwata is actually not going to be at E3 this next week.
He will not be making the show, which, you know, usually he'd be in behind closed doors meetings anyway, doing interviews.
It would be very hard to catch him out on the show floor, very rare.
But his physician has actually advised him to not travel overseas.
Now, this won't really have a big impact anyway, because again, he was really only there for meetings and interviews anyway,
and he can tape appearances in Japan for this Nintendo Direct thing that they're doing anyway, so it just kind of works out.
But regardless, there's certainly that area of mystique of, oh, he's sick enough to not be traveling overseas.
Hopefully this is just one of those abundance of caution sort of things, and there isn't something really wrong,
because that would be a real bummer to hear that Iwata's sick or something.
Sick enough to not be a sardine for 14 hours is not necessarily very sick.
You could have an ear infection, the flight would be fucking miserable, and you would skip it.
Yeah. So, you know, again, hopefully this is just a move out of an abundance of caution.
E3 can be really, I mean, it can really wear down your immune system and stuff, too.
Just, you know, the constant on-the-go stuff, so, you know.
Con plague.
Yeah, exactly. So, I can see why he'd want to stay home if the doctor, you know, tells him to.
I'll probably get sick from the damn thing, I always do, but I'll take my vitamin C supplements just in case.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
I have some stuff. Actually, what I have is a system that doesn't want to help me today.
But this is something really good, and this is something that affects us.
Because we're going to be there, Rob.
We are.
We're going to GamerX.
Woohoo!
And it looks like that there will be major game publishers who are showing some support.
Well, Major is kind of like, oh yeah, okay, I guess you're kind of major.
But they are giving support to the convention, so is Ubisoft and NIS America.
So they will be there for the second and last GamerX.
So I think that that's going to be good that we're seeing, you know, I wish that we would have enough more support.
I mean, because we have BioWare there, IndieCade, Cards Against Humanity, a bunch of others.
I wish that we had enough to see enough support to go for another con.
Yeah, I hope they'll be convinced to do a third year.
But, you know, we're going to go, we're going to have fun, and we'll party like it is the last one.
I had a great time last year, we're going to have a good time this year.
There's going to be a panel.
The panel's going to be happening Saturday at 2 o'clock.
Podcast Cross Zone Returns for its second panel.
We're going to do it a little differently this time.
And DarkSakura, you are offered a spot up on the panel if you'd like to speak on it.
I said yes.
Okay, I couldn't remember if you said yes or not, so I didn't want to push you.
No, I'm just totally not going to go, and I'm just going to sit in the back and heckle and throw shit.
Well good, the good news is we made room for you on the panel, so you're going to be up there.
I'll be there.
I'll be good, and we're going to have a lot of other guest speakers up there too, so this will be fun.
And then folks in the audience as well.
We need to discuss cosplay, Rob.
Oh boy, I need to discuss losing 25 pounds, but yes.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh come on, Rob, if a guy who is a foot shorter than you and probably three times your weight can cosplay Sailor Moon, you can cosplay anything.
That's right.
If we can have Manfay, you can cosplay anything.
Well that makes me feel better.
Alright, let's go over to Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of goofy, but Devolver Digital is on, let's see, they're actually planning on localizing Pigeon Dating Sim.
Hataful Boyfriend?
Yes they are.
Oh my god, that game is the best.
They are localizing Hataful Boyfriend.
Even though it's already been done.
They have a fantastic press release to go along with that, you know, talking about, you know, Love is for the Birds, you know, the NEST hardcore pigeon dating sim for fans everywhere.
Basically, you know, they were talking about how there's, what was it, a lot of games based on first person shooters and stuff and they thought that the demographic of semi-realistic pigeon dating simulations are the next great frontier in video games.
I love their humor.
But yeah, they're going to be working on that.
So it's going to be available, playable at E3 by appointment only.
And it's going to launch during the summer on PC, Mac, via Steam, Good Old Games, Humble and other digital storefronts.
Shit, we need to hit Devolver Digital as soon as we get into the LACC.
Continuing on, games that will appear in America, will appear in general, despite the fact that the dating sim had been done previously but is getting localized.
Shovel Knight was kickstarted last year, a couple months, a few more months than just last year.
It was originally slated for just a $75,000, it originally wanted $75,000, it wound up with $300,000.
The Yacht Club Games has confirmed by Backer News Release, which is public so everybody sees it anyways, that the 8-bit inspired adventure game Shovel Knight will be here on June 26th.
Get ready for the greatest 8-bit inspired adventure game to sweep you off your feet and deliver pure fun directly to your soul with shovels.
I'm looking forward to checking it out, it looks so cute.
Did you back it? I backed it.
I did not back it.
I actually still have yet to back a kickstarter.
You know what, I actually have another kickstarter game I just got and I haven't played it yet, that Mung to Sleep.
That's that one that's the horror game that's done from the perspective of a two year old.
Alright, well, let's take this opportunity to get some listener feedback in a segment we do every week here where you guys can participate with the show by emailing us to our mailbag.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is our email bag.
Yeah, do it.
And Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag head first and find an email or four or five.
I dipped a toe in.
You dipped a toe in?
There were only two so I dipped a toe in.
Just two? Alright.
And my toe has been freshly washed today.
Then two emails to read tonight on the show.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com if you want to send us your e3 thoughts.
My toe smell of lemongrass.
Hello again, OLR gang.
I very much agree that Mario Kart 8 could be a tipping point for gamers to jump in on the Wii U.
I have not purchased any of the next gen consoles, mainly because of the we'll fuck you over less than the other guy mentality that Sony and Microsoft assumed initially.
However, Nintendo is starting to build game steam with their newer releases and they may be the winner of my next paycheck.
That's funny.
The specifics about the pod mentioned last week.
Our show is called The Village Idiots.
It can be found on iTunes, Stitcher or at villagepodcast.bestpro.com.
Well, hello Village Idiot Matt.
Nice to make the connection.
There's the connection.
That's the guy I felt bad last week because I'm all like, you could have given yourself a promotion.
So he did email it back and give a promotion.
That's great.
We also host a show on the same RSS feed called Popcorn and Profanity, which is a film pod.
All updates on our show can be found on our homepage villageidiotspodcast.blogspot.com or twitter at villagepodcast.
We should be getting more content up soon, but I am in the process of beginning a new job.
Nursing!
Good.
So forgive us if it takes a little time.
You know what?
Nursing is a little bit more important than podcasting.
So, um...
Slightly. Only a slight bit though.
Nurse away.
Gamers unite.
Thanks again and keep up the good work.
Matt, Raging Janitor.
I like that name Popcorn and Profanity because that's definitely my living room when watching a movie.
And, um, I'm actually going to go ahead and list locations since it's an email.
Fargo, North Dakota.
Oh, okay.
I think you were the first person from North Dakota I've ever conversed with in any form in my life.
There you go.
I'm serious.
Alright.
Which is kind of sad.
I want to go there someday.
Worldwide show.
Yeah.
There's listeners everywhere at Orange Lawns Radio, even North Dakota.
It proves that there are, you know, when we get Delaware that'll be different.
Or Iowa.
We've had Iowa, haven't we?
We've had Iowa.
Hi, Iowa people.
Heart.
Shout out.
Iowa in the house.
I would like to find fellow people that live in Alabama and not, you know...
You've already met some of those though.
No, I was in Louisiana and in Florida, but I've only met like one person in Alabama and I think he moved.
Oh.
One of the Florida people now is a coworker.
Okay.
How funny.
At Locat.
Only is an at-home locatter.
Gotcha.
So funny.
What's up, Orange Lounge guys and gal?
Thank you.
Black Wolf reminding us the Rob D was in Iowa.
I met him at Anime Central years ago.
I love the Rob D.
He's a nice boy.
Where is he these days?
Go on.
He was a nice boy.
I do believe it was the Rob D who delivered...
Is that who I got?
No.
I'm going to have to go back and recheck this.
Okay.
But I will say this.
He had the bomb radio voice.
He had a great, like Jason does, he has a great radio voice.
And he used to do that show on all games about the history.
It was like this day in gaming.
T-dig.
That was it.
It was a fun little show.
Well, may I continue with the last and second and only other email?
All right.
What's up, Orange Lounge guys and gal?
Thank you for recognizing me.
I feel like you guys are my Monday morning saviors.
So much work to do on Mondays and your gaming nonsense and news keep me smiling all day.
Aw, shucks.
We're a big oxymoron.
One, I would love an explanation on Jamie's crazy love of tacos.
Never caught the history on that one.
Plus I have some recipes to share if she's interested.
Okay.
My taco thing is actually burrito love.
Okay.
I've been lying to me all these years.
Fuck yeah.
Okay.
Wait, wait, wait.
I really, really love tacos because when I finally got...
After being in California for years and years,
I finally got introduced to real tacos going to a little taqueria across the street from where I worked.
And I'm like, they're not folded.
These are fucking good.
They're loaded with yummies.
Taco Tuesday.
And that's where Taco Tuesday was born.
Which I still don't understand how we're supposed to answer the question.
Like, what's so great about a taco?
Have you had one?
Like, it's a taco.
It's a slightly sweet corn tortilla with delicious meats of any variety you could think of.
And the place that I would go to even had tongue tacos.
Ew.
Rob tongue is meat muscle.
It's muscle.
You shave the bumpy bits off it, it tastes like meat.
I don't know when that happened.
I was about to say something and out came a burp.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, listeners.
That's what happens when you have too many tacos.
No, that comes out the other end.
But my true love...
What?
You nasty.
So? You got it wrong.
This show. This show.
No, seriously. I just was about to open my mouth to retort something.
Which I forgot what my retort was.
My retort was Choco Taco. That was my retort.
Choco Tacos are pretty damn good.
But never ever ever put marshmallows on anything ever.
Anyway, my true love is burritos.
Because burritos are like...
Especially carne asada with potato and cheese.
Just like that. Or fish or fish burrito.
I love fish tacos too.
Because I go that way.
I love tacos, really.
Tacos, you can hold them in.
I discovered a new love and I hate fast food.
But oh my god, I love the crispy shrimp things from Del Taco.
I hope our emailer is happy with this turn of events here.
Because I literally can't even right now.
Tacos are...
Tacos are life.
How can you deal with the four of us in this room then?
It's a job.
Because you literally can't even...
Weren't you going somewhere?
See, Agdeft agrees with me.
And SSJ100Matt agrees that carnitas are good too.
I like it that I bring up shrimp.
And SSJ100Matt brings up carnitas.
We're like the trafiest Jews that ever traffed.
Taco Lounge Radio. Live at VOG Network.
Every Sunday night at 6 Pacific 9 Eastern.
I just...
I can't.
Two, I'm a huge...
Well, if you can't, I already done can't.
So, get a new contraction.
Bitch, no.
Hearts.
Two, I'm a huge comic books collecting nerd and I've taken plenty of crap for it.
What were the things that you did or still do that people called you nerd for besides gaming?
Comics.
I had the entire run of like the 80s through 90s Wolverine all up until before I moved out here.
Like, from the mid 80s up through the late 90s.
And then I gave them to some guy because I knew he'd like them and I couldn't take them with me.
This show?
I needed Brockie.
You think I'm kidding?
We've had this show for like 12 years.
This show has been on a long time even before I was seeing Alan.
And so I would go out on dates with guys and, you know, so what do you do for fun?
Well, I have a long running podcast on the internet about video games.
Oh, cool.
I don't play games.
And then turns out...
I'm gonna walk this way.
Turns out they do play games, just not video games.
If you know what I mean.
I also larped in college the first time.
My friend Ashley and I used to sit in study hall and create our own tabletop RPG.
Drawing maps and everything.
It was fantastic.
Loki, is there something nerdy you still do that you get made fun for?
I mean, your wife kind of teases you about everything, doesn't she?
Yeah, pretty much everything.
I had one other.
My friend Courtney and I would sit and quote the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies.
Verbatim.
Ever since... We did this all the way through middle school.
That's pretty nerdy.
And then she went to a different high school than I did, but we did them for part of the sole reason,
because this other girl named Catherine, who lived around the corner from my house,
and her mom and my mom were friends.
She used to talk with her mouth full of food and it was gross, so we just started quoting turtle movies.
It was awesome. I still have those movies memorized, I swear.
Alright, rest of the email.
Fuck.
I was going to see if you could remember any of the movie, but then I realized it's really a road I don't want to go down.
Question.
Do you like penicillin on your pizza?
Read the rest of the email.
You guys are freaking sweet. Keep the show coming.
P.S. Thanks for playing my demo track last week while answering the question.
I know you didn't have to. Muchas gracias.
And I'm not doing it for other people, because I don't want to open the floodgates.
You play my song, play my song. No.
DJ, play my song now.
You heard that song?
He gets to do it because he thought of it first.
Alright, unless you want to do a new intro.
I'm not doing a redub of the turtle movies in my voice, because I can't do the New York-y accent.
Unless I did it like an old Jewish man.
You could be Splinter.
Imagine Splinter instead of having his fake Kevin-class Japanese accent.
You know? Sound like an old Hasidic man from prom heights.
Mel Brooks, basically.
No. No, no, no. Of course.
Alright. Is that it for emails?
Chevy Nova?
Alright, there it is. That's it for the email.
You get it!
Participate at orangelaungerator.com is the place to send your emails.
Alright, I am closing up the listless votes right after this segment, so if you haven't voted,
log into the site right now and vote listless, or you are screwed and you don't get to participate.
So here it is. The FUs of the week time. Why? Because tradition?
Because fuck.
Fuck you to act deft for sending me a picture of a chibi Deadpool riding a pig screaming tacos.
Oh my god, that sounds amazing.
I want this shirt now.
What?
I want this shirt with every fiber of my being, because he also kind of looks like Gur.
That's exactly Gur. The whole thing is it's a parody of Gur writing, because he did the thing where he yelled tacos.
I love tacos.
But, but, but, I will, I'm going to correct the entire Deadpool fandom.
These are two fuck yous.
Number one, Deadpool's not a mutant. In the comics, Deadpool's not a mutant.
Number two, Deadpool actually does not like chimichangas. He just likes the word.
That had been proven in an issue of Cable and Deadpool.
Well, it's important.
When he comes by, he's saying chimichanga, chimichanga, and she's like, what would you like for dinner?
Enchiladas.
Because he doesn't actually like chimichangas, so.
I know way too much about comics.
There were Deadpool cosplayers at Phantom Man. They were really good.
They should totally have a 90's sitcom show called Cable and Deadpool.
Well, they were sort of like an old married couple, kinda, you know, in the comic.
They even made jokes about it.
However, what I might do, I'm thinking about doing this, Rob, for the convention if I can't make another cosplay.
I'm thinking about making a head pool.
Do you know what head pool is?
No.
The undead head of Deadpool from another dimension.
This is a long FU segment.
FU to people who get their comic facts wrong.
Alright, Jason, you're FU of the week.
FU to California for having the bump strips on the inside of your lane and not on the line or over.
It's just fucking annoying.
There's a lot of weird shit in this state, isn't there?
65 mile an hour speed limit on the highway.
I think some of them are also wake up bumps.
Yeah, but they're not supposed to be inside the lane.
You'll get to see 70 on the way to LA tomorrow.
I have already driven that once before. Twice before. Possibly thrice before.
Oh fine.
Tigerclaw, I am going to correct you then. A mutate is not someone who has been experimented on by using mutant DNA.
A mutate is a person who has just been mutated post birth.
Nine o'clock, people. Nine o'clock.
Marvel universe, go catch up.
And FU to 100 degree weather.
Lowkey.
Yeah, just FU to the weather. It's too fucking hot.
I don't want to go outside.
My FU of the week goes to the migraine I had last night that was killer.
Oh my god, it was so awful.
I was watching Orange is the New Black because that show was amazing.
And like halfway through the second episode, I started getting this massive headache.
And I think I might have just OD'd on meat.
And the reason why I say that, get your minds out of the gutter.
The reason why I say that, we went to this, Flaco Jones had a little birthday thing over the weekend.
And we went to this Korean barbecue place. It's not far from where I live.
And it's really good, but I ate a lot of meat, you guys.
A lot. Because it's all you can eat and you just put it on the grill.
You grill it yourself because I guess that's how it's cheap.
And I ate a lot of meat.
I think I gave myself a meat migraine.
FU to Rob. We're talking about a lot of food because I have had no appetite for the last week.
Is it a meat grain?
A meat grain, yes it was.
I've never been to Korean barbecue.
You should go somewhere. It was fun.
I've never been.
You guys will have an OLR date.
Alright. It's time to figure out who won List List, you guys.
It's over. It's done. We're wrapping it up here.
List List tonight is time to figure out what is the thing you are most looking forward to at E3 2014.
It's time to reveal the definitive list.
Here it is, your top three answers.
In a tie for third place. We have a tie for third place tonight.
A tie for third place, Mighty No. 9 playable at E3.
And an all female game with zero misogyny.
Go you.
Go feminism.
Alright. In second, Well Feminism got third place tonight. Let's see.
Hey, this is better than what we normally get.
I feel bad laughing at that. That was actually a really good singer, actually.
It's fucking true.
It's sad, but alright.
Alright, here it is. Your number two answer.
The definitive list. So again, number three, Mighty No. 9 playable and all female game with zero misogyny ties.
Number two, Phantasy Star Online 2 is a Wii U exclusive.
Dun, dun, dun. Even though it's already on PC.
Loki's rolling his eyes really far back in his head. What?
Whatever, I just don't think it's going to happen.
And the number one answer tonight, Valve Trolls Valve with a Portal 3 trailer.
That would be fantastic.
Number one and number two. What, what, what, what?
You listening, Bobby? I got number one and number two this year.
That would piss off so many people. It would be fantastic.
I think it would be hilarious and I would actually rather another Portal than another Half-Life, but that's me.
Because I actually liked Portal better than Half-Life.
If you guys don't believe me, it's not making it up, guys. It's right there. There it is.
I personally like Portal better than the rest of Half-Life.
It announced third sequels for all their other franchises except for Half-Life.
Everything else gets a third game. Fuck Half-Life.
I would have thought that President Cat 2 Prepare for Kittenfall would have topped the list for sure, to be fair, Loki.
It just, fourth place. It just missed it.
That's all right.
I was a little surprised there. All right.
Technically fifth because there was a tie for third.
Oh yeah.
If you to myself are signing myself up to putting listless in the video because god damn it, it's time consuming.
Sorry.
Oh god, this is the worst week for that too.
We have 15 answers.
Oh shit.
Have fun. Good luck.
All right.
Oh no.
Masochist much?
Maybe I'll just skip it this week. All right, there it is.
Let's do a couple more stories then we're going to open up the phone lines quickly.
We don't have a whole lot of time for calls because we're running a little long.
We're past 9 o'clock already so let's get to it. Loki.
All right, lots of apps are coming to the Xbox One and Xbox 360.
Some of the new stuff that's going to be happening.
Comedy Central is getting an app on Xbox One.
Crunchyroll is coming to Xbox One in several territories.
FX Now is that like an FX thing? That'd be pretty cool.
MTV, K-Drama, Max Dome, MLG, Movieplex, iHeartRadio, HBO Go, which is pretty big.
GoPro.
I know Twitter is one of them.
You'd think that they would have had it by now but Twitter is coming to Xbox One as well.
Tune in.
Sci-fi Now.
Sky Online.
Sky News.
Yeah.
FX Now should be live TV or on-demand TV for the FX network, right?
Like what Archer is on and what not?
I'm thinking that would be pretty cool because I do need to catch up on some Archer so that would be nice.
The only show I actually know that's on that network.
So yeah, lots of apps coming later this year.
And if you haven't been heard yet, the apps that did require the paywall, I believe that paywall is now gone.
So they are available now if you have Xbox Live Silver.
So you can watch Netflix without having to pay an extra fee.
Alright.
And last but not least tonight I have a story about a particular franchise of interest to many of you and that is the Metal Gear franchise.
Note that I'm not talking about Metal Gear Solid.
I'm talking old school Metal Gear.
Now this is pretty cool.
Shane may have joked earlier in the show that Konami is going to formally announce that they're killing off Silent Hill at E3.
But in real news, Konami actually gave the blessing to a team called the Outer Heaven team to do a full remake of Metal Gear.
The 1987 action adventure stealth game Metal Gear for release on Steam.
And they're saying it's going to be a full remake of the original game, new script, new models, the works.
The theme compositions will be revamped with orchestral arrangements and the Metal Gear Solid 2 style electronic beats.
This is from developer Ian Ratcliff.
This is really cool that Konami has kind of given this the blessing.
They do say it's going to be based off the MSX version of Metal Gear.
So for those of you guys...
You mean the good ones?
Yeah, the good one basically.
Well the NES one, you know what, I still have a lot of respect for it because that's what we kind of grew up on.
So anyway.
More information to come soon.
They are still looking for volunteers, including a cutscene animator, a cutscene artist in the style of Yoji Shinkawa or Ashley Wood.
Storyboard artist, sound effect artist, composer, and voice over talent.
So maybe I should audition to be the new voice of Snake. What do you guys think?
How well can you do MMMM Metal Gear?
MMMM Metal Gear!
Was that good?
Wow.
I don't know why I expected anything different from him.
Nailed it.
Nailed it.
I'll send him my tape right away.
Alright, there it is.
So good luck to those guys. Love it.
Alright, that is going to do it for the news tonight.
But now it's your turn.
1877 Game OLR or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
If you'd like to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight.
Maybe your own E3, what you're looking forward to in the future.
Or whatever.
Whatever it is.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, Rob Roberts is fabulous Snake.
I feel like there should be sparkles that come out when that's said.
Alright, oh we do have some calls coming in.
Oh no, the truck have started to move.
Oh no, the truck have started to move.
Oh no.
Oh no, the truck have started to move!
Gasp!
Gasp!
Let's get to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey guys, it's Nemesis 47. How y'all doing today?
Nemesis 47. I haven't heard you in a while. How you doing?
I've been good. I've been good.
I've just been busy just moving out and stuff like that.
I've also been working on my new job too over at the local King Soopers and stuff.
I'm pretty sure that moving is punishment for shoplifting in some countries.
So I'm sorry to hear that. It's never a fun process.
Well that's okay. I just moved with a buddy of mine, so yeah.
That'll be fun. Well what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Nothing much. I just want to get my two cents about everything that's going on with E3 this week.
I'm actually gonna... I am hoping they also announce a new Hitman game.
Ah, a new Hitman game, possibly.
Because from what I've seen, some months ago that a picture that...
They're actually in the process of filming the new Hitman movie.
So a Hitman game is probably a shoo-in or something for E3.
And I also heard a rumor that tomorrow the new WW2K15 game is gonna be revealed.
Does EA have the license to that? Because that would make sense.
No, 2K15 if you take two.
Oh, 2K15. Sorry about that.
WW2K15. Yeah, that's from the people who make 2K sports and all that.
Well, yeah. It's coming out for sure.
Shows you how well I watch the sports titles. Sorry about that.
But you're looking forward to it, huh?
Oh yeah. The one thing I'm hoping is that it's actually more fresh and more...
I'm hoping it's a little bit more fresher than having the previous game where they pretty much borrowed everything
that they did for THQ and everything.
I see. I was gonna ask you what would hopefully be on your wish list of how would it be different this year.
Because, you know, a lot of these games get slammed for being roster updates and so forth, so...
Well, obviously they are gonna have roster updates.
What I'm hearing is there's rumors going on that Goldberg and Sting is gonna be in the game.
And the things I'm hoping is I'm hoping they actually make the weapon animations more realistic.
Like, instead of the chairs I'm actually disappearing or having three or four hits and they pretty much break
or have very unrealistic tables. Like, they actually slide all over the goddamn place.
All over the damn place.
And I'm hoping they pretty much update the weapon systems and everything like that.
Just pretty much make a better wrestling game experience and all that is all.
Dungeonbuster in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com talking about the new Hitman game saying
the new Hitman game is supposed to be more sandbox-y and fix the problems from the previous one.
I thought the last one was pretty sandbox-y from the looks of it.
I actually like the new Hitman game. I was actually fambling when I first played the game
and also I heard the old voice of 47 because originally they were gonna go with a different voice
but they decided to bring back the old 47 voice so I was happy with that.
And I actually love the game.
Yeah, even I watched it. It's not usually my type of thing but I watched a friend play it and it looked pretty cool.
So I was like, oh wow.
It is. It is.
It was all next gen at that time, although now we're in a whole other generation.
So it would look amazing on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, I'm sure.
Oh yeah, and let's see, what else was I gonna say?
Oh, did you guys see the new Kingdom Hearts 2.5 HD remix trailer?
I did, if for nothing else than the last 20 seconds of basically nothing but subtitles saying
Kingdom Hearts 3, don't forget.
Like literally, what was it, three frames or something.
Like three still pictures that rotate super fast. You can't see it at all.
Just talk about a tease.
All I did was pretty much pause during the scenes.
They're pretty much scenes from Kingdom Hearts Triple D, the 3DS.
But we'll probably see more about Kingdom Hearts 3 and everything, so yeah.
I definitely think it's still a little early.
I don't think the game is gonna be playable on the show floor or anything like that.
I really don't think it's that far along.
But I would love to see a better trailer, like a new little tease would be great.
That and 15, but I don't know.
Square has come out and said don't expect to see either one at E3, so we'll see.
I'm gonna probably say Tokyo Game Show more than likely.
Yeah, that's a very good thought, is that these could be things that are being saved for Tokyo Game Show.
Because they kinda did say, without saying, they're holding onto it for another expo.
Tokyo Game Show would be the highly likely candidate for that.
And lastly, there's another big convention that's gonna happen this weekend, besides E3 obviously.
What's that?
Denver Comic Con.
Ah.
Over here in Denver. It's the fifth largest convention in the United States.
Which I have tickets for, which I am officially missing because it's next weekend.
I was gonna say, that's in your backyard and you're gonna have to visit.
You're going now, man! I want to meet ya!
I bought tickets in March or something like that earlier this year before E3.
Before the E3 plan at work had even really come up.
I hate to say it, but for me, E3 is trumping Denver Comic Con in a heartbeat.
Yeah, yeah, it's understandable. E3 is frickin' amazing.
I mean, how? I mean, for me, if I was invited to go between DCC and E3, I'd go with E3 too.
Because, come on. That's a big show.
Yeah, you're gonna have a lot of fun at Denver Comic Con, though. I mean, come on.
Oh, totally, man. Totally. We have, like, Peter Davison. We have Sylvester McCoy, the pimp and the seventh doctor.
Oh, you mean David Tennant's father-in-law.
Yes, yes.
And the guy with pigeon shit all over him.
Sorry, I love both of them, but I love making the parallels.
Originally, Karen Gellan Amy Pond was gonna be at the con this year, but she had to back out because of a movie commitment and stuff.
So, she's, they didn't mention, sorry about that, I tend to stutter a lot, guys.
That's okay.
They did mention that she might be coming next year, though.
Oh, that'd be cool. She owes you guys a make-up. And then that way, Jason can be there.
Unless he goes to E3 next year, which, you know, we'll see.
All right. Well, Nemesis, I enjoyed the call, enjoyed your predictions. Thanks so much for giving us a call, and have a lot of fun at the Denver Comic-Con.
And since we can't be there, say hey to everybody for us.
Okay. Okay, guys. I'm happy I'm at E3 this week, all right?
We will do. See you on E3.vognetwork.com.
All right, man. Big peace.
Later.
All right. I like hearing from callers who don't always hear from a lot, but I like the regulars, too, don't get me wrong.
But it's always nice to hear from a not-so-familiar tone, just to know that, oh, I'm still listening.
I've had my tickets on the table right in my front door.
You didn't try to give them to somebody?
Right inside of my front door. I, you know, I was thinking about that towards the end. I really should have.
Yeah.
But I was looking at them before this trip started, because I've been out here. I've been away from home for pretty much the entire month of May.
I was just looking at it, and I was like, damn, I could do it if I didn't have to drive all weekend and then some.
All right. Well, I don't even have to give out the number again, because it's lighting up. Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's your local residential cosplay whore, Rama.
Rama, it just wouldn't be a show without you. What's on your mind, buddy?
Sailor Moon.
Oh, besides that.
So did you find me the little thing that I asked if you could find for me?
I could not find any in the dealer's room.
Ahhhh. No, Sanketsu.
Hey, don't upset her during OLR. What's up, buddy? What's on your mind?
I can't help it if I fail the side mission. What am I supposed to do?
Make one. Out of life fibers.
Do over.
And then he can talk to me. When I'm bored at work.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
Not too much. I kind of missed half the show because we were planning stuff out for our podcast this week and some other stuff.
Well, how dare you?
What?
How dare you? How very dare you? I'm just-
I'm sorry. People call me. I gotta take calls. Evidently, I'm an important person.
I was just gonna say I kind of felt sorry. I said this earlier in the show. I felt sorry for some of the VoG- I think I might have said this on Bobby's show.
I feel sorry for some of the VoG programming on tomorrow and Tuesday because gaming really is gonna dominate the conversation.
And I know Voice Geeks Network is really about all things geek.
But I was like, well, Rama might get out of it because he's a live show so he can kind of adjust to whatever's going on with E3 and all that.
That and I have a game filter set up for the chat so it's all anime all day every day so we're good.
There you go.
Few things. Went to Anime Nexus this past week. It was pretty fun. I met up with Critical Myth so there is a picture of us crossing paths.
Oh, that's amazing.
Let's see. I did not make it over to the gaming room because it's over in another hotel and it was too hot to walk across to the other side of the location.
But I did hear there was some pretty good gaming over there so we'll definitely uncover that.
But here's something that was some interesting things though.
Most popular cosplay there was from the game Danganronpa which is becoming the game which is actually putting life into the Vita because as we all know the Vita doesn't sell.
No, sadly. I'm curious to see what Sony kind of does with that if they do anything with that at E3. We'll find out in 24 hours.
Hopefully. And evidently it seems in my areas ever since the Luigi death stairs came about it's been kind of hard to find a Wii U.
Really? You know I think I was seeing some sales numbers today and it does look like Wii U outsold Xbox One for the past week.
But I mean again it still didn't outsell PlayStation 4 so it's not where it needs to be.
I don't expect that to happen but you know I just find all that pretty interesting and pretty cool because now I'm like you know I may just have to get myself a Wii U just for that.
And what's interesting is that as I'm running around as Dr. Luigi people are asking me for my death stair which was pretty cool.
I was gonna say you know now I don't want to sound like that guy Rama but you do cosplay as a black man as Luigi so you know people are wondering where's my angry black man Luigi?
You went there.
I live there. I bought a house there. Rama?
That's because I gave him permission so it's okay.
That's right.
And before I get out of here.
Wait wait you didn't answer my question. It was a serious question. What am I gonna get my angry Luigi? Are you gonna do an angry Luigi cosplay at some point or no?
It'll happen when I end up doing the mushroom doctor which is Luigi cross tenth doctor. I've been asked to do that too.
That'll be fun.
Green pinstripes?
Maybe. The suspenders are sitting on my floor.
I remember that dapper hat you had.
Alright you said one more thing.
I was taking pictures and I came across Death Stair Luigi and I'm posting the picture in the chat room and it's also on my Facebook page. Facebook.com slash I M D G Ron M S. You'll find it there.
And it's interesting that Luigi is giving my friend the death stair and the best part is that's my friend Mario. So as you can see Luigi is giving the death stair to Mario.
I have a really bad feeling that this angry Luigi meme is gonna get played out at cons real fast. You know I take back my question. You probably shouldn't do angry Luigi.
I know but the best part is it was a Waluigi and Wario with go karts running around playing riding dirty all over the convention area throwing stuff at each other. People ate it up.
Alright that's fun though. Looks like you guys had fun there at the con.
Alright well Rama best of luck with your show on Tuesday. I'm sorry I won't be here to hear it but that's what podcasts are for.
Alright take care buddy. We'll see you soon.
You too. Take care bro.
Alright bye.
Alright.
Squeeze in one more call if anybody wants to get in. 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
I did see just a couple tweets come in here so I want to get to those. I read one of them earlier in the show but I saw a couple stories.
I'll also go ask Loki real quick if there's any last minute stories he wants to squeeze in here.
Yeah there's some funny stuff. Notch has released a game called Cliff Horse. It's a game about riding horses on cliffs.
It's kind of like playing Skyrim because the horses just kind of defy gravity and they ride on a cliff.
For anybody that doesn't get it from the outside if you know the meme and seen the image. Physics? I'm a horse bitch.
Just a couple tweets that were sent to us here. There was a correction to last week's show from Pika Uno.
I don't even remember why Downton Abbey came up on last week's show but it did and we said that it was on the BBC and Pika Uno corrected.
PBS you said.
It is on, well in overseas.
BBC. It was on, was it television 4?
It's on ITV.
ITV that was it.
Pika Uno issuing the correction there which I did retweet and say well sorry but we're kind of busy on Sunday nights when it usually airs.
Except for the fact that it airs Sunday morning.
Yeah I don't know when it airs over there.
But it has my spirit grandmother.
Maggie Smith.
Heck yeah.
It airs on PBS Sunday nights.
Yes.
Sassy.
Satcho and Hunter Matt tweeting us the story about Xbox One controllers are now supported on PC.
You must have missed that part of the show Satcho and Hunter Matt but yes you can now use those on PC.
And Act Deft sending us to an infamous meme.
Speaking of leaks and announcements before E3 here's a preview of Valve's surprise conference and its characters singing on stage in Tomodachi Life.
One can only dream.
Any other last minute stories Loki?
The rumor is that the Nintendo digital event is going to be 30 minutes long.
That's it?
Wow.
It's Nintendo isn't that all they need?
It's according to I guess the timetable that they have on Niko Video or whatever.
It says 1 to about 130 is the...
That could be a placeholder we don't really know.
That seems short but then again I mean...
And it says Smash Brothers Invitational 8 to 1030.
So I guess last year was pretty short too but they could also pull a stupid like...
Hey! Yeah here's our digital thing.
But we're gonna have 3 more during the week!
Well they could. They could.
But 30 minutes doesn't seem like enough.
Remember they had 3 last year?
That's right they did.
If they only have one in 30 minutes long that's not a good sign.
I think it's a little early though.
I mean this isn't an official source.
It's probably a placeholder on somebody's schedule just because they had to put something.
And that is for Tuesday?
Yeah.
8 o'clock in the evening for the Invitational.
Wow.
Well it's Japan time.
Alright.
I cannot do the type of translation right now.
Maybe it's Japanese specific stuff.
It's only like 30 minutes.
Maybe.
Alright I don't know.
It's a shot. It's a shot.
Alright that's it.
We're gonna close up the Skype line because ain't nobody else calling in.
So we are gonna wrap up because you know what?
I got an early day tomorrow.
And it's gonna be a big day for a lot of you guys.
You and me both!
Road trip buddies!
Yay!
We also have this cool game I just saw here.
What's that?
It's called Rollers of the Realm.
It's a pinball RPG.
Ooh fun!
Yeah.
I've gotta check that out.
Is that on Steam?
PS4, Vita, and PC.
Oh get out.
That sounds awesome.
This winter.
Nice.
It sounds like...
What was that game?
Kind of like a pinball quest type game.
Yeah.
Alright.
That is it.
We are on our way out of here.
We're gonna close up shop.
Have a great night everybody.
Let's thank you for your support first off.
Thank you very much for downloading our show and checking us out.
And supporting us every week as you always do.
555 episodes long.
That's 5s across the board.
We'll be back to do it again next week with episode number 556 after E3.
It's gonna be very interesting to see how we all react to the news.
And I want to know how you guys react to all the news going into E3.
But have a great show.
Those of you guys that are actually gonna be there in person,
I hope to see you around the show floor.
Those of you guys that are playing the home game and watching at home,
please participate with the site.
We're there to help you out.
So let's get the answers to your questions as best we can.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Jason, I want to thank you as always for being here.
Of course.
Hope you had fun tonight.
Do you have a final thought for us?
I don't want to wake up tomorrow,
but I must because the week starts in pretty much about five hours.
You can sleep through like Stockton and Bakersfield,
the really unremarkable places.
While I'm driving, that sounds scary.
No, no, no, no.
Take the 99.
Sleep through Fresno.
Stop at the Bravo Cheese Farm.
Well, we don't really want to stop.
Yeah, tell that to the lactose intolerant one.
No, no, no, no, no.
You can find good low lactosey cheeses.
Stopping is probably more for the way back.
No, you have to stop by the Bravo Cheese Farm and bring me sage cheese.
You know they're building a Bravo farm on five as well.
No way.
In Kettleman City or whatever that is.
You know that's still not going to make me take the five and smell the cow shit.
All right.
Dar Sockers, since you have the mic, your final thought tonight?
I really didn't mean to take from Jason's time.
Just Bravo Cheese Farm.
Everyone look for the deer kitten commercial for Friskies on YouTube.
All right.
It's the cutest thing.
My final thought is OMG, busy week ahead, but I can't wait to do some networking and introduce more people to VOG.
And last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Speaking of kittens, my son hung up.
He had a cat calendar because he was really excited about having a calendar and he had a cat calendar.
Then he didn't give a shit about the calendar.
He wanted the cat pictures all over his room.
So now his room is covered in cat pictures.
He's ready for the internet.
Your son's room is a meme.
And also, I would like to say that I finally finished my fucking calling script and I think it's all done.
And I had it working and I finished converting all the objects over.
So now I can start other things again.
Hooray.
Back to the game.
Back to the game.
All right, guys.
We're out of here because you know what?
I got to go pack.
See you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
