Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Did you hear? E3 happened. Thank you all for your participation, questions, updates, and feedback. Our predictions may not have come true, but it was still a very packed three and a half days. We are here to wrap up the news along with all the other goings on right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this June the 15th, 2014 with the 556th episode of our show. And boy, how things can change in an entire week. I don't know how many of you guys listened to last week's show after E3 happened, but it's really funny to go back and listen to predictions.
But anyway, we'll be tackling everything that happened at E3 and beyond with everything else that's going on in the gaming world. Yes, there is more than just E3, believe it or not. Over the next few hours, my name is Rob Roberts and with me, as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hello Jamie Sommers. Now, something I never thought I would see happen here at Studio OLR with Jamie Sommers.
I'm not wearing it.
Yes she is. She's wearing a Snuggie.
I'm not wearing it. If I were wearing it, my hands would be in the holes.
She mentioned before the show that her legs were cold and I said, well, I have a Snuggie and she said, I'm not going to wear it. So just wrap it around your feet. I do it all the time. So she has it wrapped around her feet.
She's not wearing it, but that's a technicality. Technicality. It's all right.
Humans are not meant to be worn by clothes. We are not the slave of our clothing.
But you have to admit.
You didn't watch Kill la Kill so you won't get it.
You have to admit though, it's a nice blanket. I'm not paid off by them.
Turn on the check-ins, Rob.
All right. I'll get to it in a minute. Jeez. Say hello as well to tech master, Loki.
Hi.
Hey, Loki. How you doing?
Doing okay.
Good. How's your game coming? I know you're working hard trying to program a game.
Were you too distracted with E3 this week?
No, I still worked on stuff at lunch and when I had time.
I got my editor saving and loading and although I did find a small bug in my loading that it's not building all the objects with correct rotations in there so everything's all kind of screwed up.
But it saves everything and I think the rotations are in there. I just have to figure out why it's not working.
But it's close because I wanted to start building assets and I actually started doing that and then I put my computer in sleep mode and it crashed.
I'm like, hmm, I should probably build the save function here so it doesn't do that again because I lost all my work there.
So yeah, I just haven't really had a lot of time to work on.
I was disappointed to see you didn't have a meeting room at E3 booking appointments to show off your creations.
Yeah, I have nothing to show off. It's like, hey, here's nothing.
If nothing else, does it give you perspective when it comes to critiquing games?
Because you know you have a bit of a reputation on this show for not being shy to show your anger and frustration sometimes with gaming.
Is this whole experience humbling you in any way?
No. No, it's not.
That's good to know. Some things are just never going to change, right?
It's not. I'm just learning how to do things and still trying to figure out why this isn't working.
Because I thought when I programmed it that it should work correctly.
You put something in and you take that same something out and you do the work, right?
You do the hokey pokey and you shake it all about.
If I put an object in with a rotation of 90 and I save that rotation of 90 and then I should output it with a rotation of 90, it should be the exact same way.
But no. In fact, I spawned an object or whatever and I'm like, okay, how would I fix this?
So I did 180 in one and it rotated in one way. And 180 on the other one, it rotated a different way.
I'm like, wait, that doesn't work. That should be different. That should be the same, not different.
You know what though, Loki? All joking aside, good for you for sticking with it, especially this long.
And you do this too, as a lot of people I know do. You start projects and then you never finish them.
I mean, I'm lucky if I finish building furniture from Ikea, but you've been really working on this game thing for several months now and sticking with it.
Because it's hopefully going to be more income and that's really important.
That's what I need. I need money. So, you know, of course I'm going to keep working at it because I need to.
That's right. All right. Anyhow, let's also introduce the chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we do have our live chatters with us and you can chat along with us live.vognetwork.com.
We do love our podcast listeners as well though, if you happen to be listening to us on iTunes or Stitcher Radio or TuneIn or any of the many, many podcast apps that are out there.
Just thanks for checking us out. I appreciate it, especially on a very busy week like this.
Looking at the chatters and I have a lot of people yelling at me about the check-ins, which is why DarkSakra said something there.
But just to remind you guys, you do get points for participating with our show at vognetwork.com.
You can either check in when we're live throughout the three hours that we are live on Sunday nights or you can find a passphrase that's hidden somewhere within the show.
And you type that passphrase on the main page once you're logged in at vognetwork.com and you will get points.
And what does that point give you? E-peen.
No, it's well, you know, we do have our own leaderboards at vognetwork.com, just like you would have on Foursquare or whatever, you know, those various sites.
But once in a while, we also do raffles and every point that you earn on the site goes towards a raffle ticket if you choose to enter the raffle.
We haven't said yet if we're doing one this month for June, probably we will. So stay tuned for that.
We have more information coming up on that.
SHA100Matt in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com also says, happy Father's Day, Loki.
And yes, happy Father's Day to all the dads, father figures, pet fathers, everything, everybody out there.
Stepfathers, all the fathers of the spectrum, happy Father's Day to you.
So I'm sure we have lots of gamer dads that listen to this program.
As long as you're responsible and have done your job.
Yes.
Then you've earned the title.
There you go. There you go. Which Loki certainly has. So happy Father's Day to you.
Did you get to do anything special for the day real quick before we get into all the big news of the week?
Grocery shopping. That's about it.
Did the kids behave on the grocery shopping trip? That would be a reward, right?
We had our parents watch him during the grocery shopping trip, but in the morning I tried.
Okay, so Josh woke up at like 5.45. Nice.
So I'm like, fine, I'll get you up and then I'll, because I have to kind of supervise you, I'm going to sleep on the couch.
So what did he do the entire like two and a half, actually it was, yeah, two and a half hours that I was out there.
He kept trying to wake me up every time. He just kept like, he'd jump on the couch.
He'd be like, you know, daddy, daddy, daddy, you know, this, this, this, you know, he's driving a car.
I mean, I'm like, stop. I'm just trying to sleep.
Alan does the same thing to me. Don't worry about it.
All right. Anyway, uh, Mega Man X 400 in our chat room says, I definitely can't wait to hear Loki's E3 thoughts.
Me neither. I have a different kickoff topic to get us there, but, but, but tease us here, Loki.
One word, this year's E3 in one word, Loki. One word.
Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. Games.
Well, that's, I guess that's good because if you'd come out and said, you know, movies, I don't think that would have made people happy.
So, all right. Well, technically, yes, there was lots of game trailers, so movies would be accurate.
I say one word, one word. All right. Meanwhile, I'm actually going to go over to dark soccer for tonight's kickoff topic,
because I think it's important to remember that I'm sure a lot of your favorite shows in the podcast you listen to throughout the week,
everybody's talking E3 this week because it is the big windfall of, you know,
this is what the rest of 2014 and most of 2015 is going to look like for video games.
But there's other stuff that goes on in the world that involves video games this week.
You know, there's conventions in some places like Jason, who's not here this week because he's driving back to Denver.
I know Denver, his town, they were doing a con, I think it was either this weekend or next weekend, you know, doing the thing.
And dark soccer, you were here at an event in the Bay Area locally that was kind of a big deal, right?
Yes. I went to Atari party, which last year was in Davis.
This year was in Sunnyvale, which is pretty much where Atari happened.
I mean, if you want to be serious about it. It was really cool.
We, as usual, brought up both of our Atari 5200 and actually another guy,
a couple guys here from here in Sacramento brought their 5200 and collection.
And so they were right next to us. So we had the table of domination.
Although there actually were other 5200s there because the guy who invented the Atari trackball brought his and T-shirts that I wanted.
He gave us this really, really good speech.
Dan Kramer was the inventor of the Atari trackball for the 5200.
And also Al Alcorn was there, who was the guy who created Pong.
And a few other folks from the industry, the guy that runs California Extreme, he was there.
Mark, really good guy.
So it's important to note, you know, like Atari and early Activision, a lot of these companies, you know, I remember Epyx back in the day,
a lot of these companies were based in the Bay Area, you know, in Sunnyvale.
And that, you know, it's called Silicon Valley for a reason, right?
So a lot of those games that were written back in the day were born of that.
So it sounds like this was a type of, I don't know if you want to say birthday party,
but like maybe like a high school reunion of sorts in some ways for a lot of these folks that, you know, are the reason we have an E3 today.
It's also the only place I will see more than one Jaguar in any one place.
So there were a couple of, we had basically systems all across the board.
I mean, I'm just pulling back up my photos because someone had one of the, not just, you know,
were there like Linksys and Atari 800 computers and the home consoles,
but there were other games that were by Atari that were on display on other systems.
Like there's actually a Pong table there, a Pong cocktail table.
One guy brought in his, I'll be having photos of these up within the week for the website.
Was this pretty much exclusively Atari stuff or did, you know, some of the other...
That's what I was getting to.
Oh, okay. Sorry.
But I was telling you about the one, Mod, he did an ENCOM 2600 that had light cycles inside it.
You know, ENCOM was the company in Tron, so he had it all Tron themed.
But one of the other systems that I liked that was there was the Sega SG1000 Mark II.
That was the precursor to the Master System and they just brought it.
I mean, I don't think there were any Atari games in particular on it,
but next to that was a new style Famicom and there were a few of,
there was Mario Brothers being played on it, you know.
But other than that, there was a person who brought in a lot of the Tengen games and just had those running.
There, like I said, there were a few Jaguars, a lot of the different computers.
There were some, there was a guy, and I ran into him a few years ago,
and I wish I could find his card again because I'd love to have him on the show,
who did a bunch of conversions of newer games for the Atari 800 and the 800 computer.
Like, one of them is Space Harrier. Fully playable, has voice, the music's pretty decent.
You know, down res some, but it was really, really, really good.
Since we are talking about all things Atari, did anybody bring Driver 3?
Not that I saw.
It was worth a shot.
I'm looking through my pictures. Yeah, there was Doom being played on a Jaguar.
Had some playthroughs of Rayman.
Which is one of the most beautiful, you know, 2D platformers from its day.
I'm looking through some more pictures.
We tried to get Pango running, but it doesn't like our digital sticks that we had to replace the,
because Atari 5200s are really, really shitty controllers, and were notorious for breaking.
So we tried to get Pango up and running, so all I could do was take a picture of Dan trying to play Pango.
There was copious amounts of Tempest up on the screen, and there were four arcade machines.
Of course, one of the great Atari classes.
So at the end of the day, is this just everybody with vaults like you and Dan have,
kind of bringing their Atari pieces of that all to one room, and it's like a show and tell type of thing?
Pretty much.
It's like, hey, this stuff's cool, come play it.
There were four arcade machines that were in the teen section of the library,
and one of them, well there was Star Wars, there was Asteroids, Centipede, and Tempest.
So some of the greater machines there, and of course, for the folks who were on my Facebook,
I did post a lot of these pictures, but I'll be reposting them on the website before too long.
Just sort of a wrap up.
And we had our copy of Jyris out, because that was one of the games we picked up,
because we pick up a couple of reproductions or prototypes to bring in every year.
So we had Jyris playing, and Dan had the trackball out, and we also have a prototype stick holder,
that sort of turns two controllers into twin sticks, for stuff like,
what game did he have that used that? I don't remember.
But we had some Robotron going on, and I had to explain to some kid what Evil Otto was,
because they were playing Berserk on the computer next to us.
Well, okay, speaking of talking to kids about maybe games they don't remember,
you know, why are events like this important? Why is the Atari and these old systems,
these old moldy antiques, why are they important, Dark Saga?
The whole point is that if you want to understand what the industry is now
and where it's going, you have to understand where it's been.
It's the same with anything, really.
If you don't know what led to what you have, you really don't appreciate it as well.
And sometimes people need to go back and play the old stuff to understand
why the way a game plays is more important than how it looks.
I showed some girl, probably 19 or so, how to play Missile Command.
And she's like, oh my god, this is actually really, really difficult once you get further on in it.
I was showing someone how to play Kix, because that's one of my top games.
And like, oh my god, this is so simple but so hard, the challenge.
And they kept coming back and playing it because it was challenging.
It's not the best, prettiest game in the universe ever, because damn it, Kix is annoying.
But it's a really fun game. We have more people playing Qbert than anything I could think of.
And they're like, oh, it's Qbert, he's cussing at us.
It's just, really, that's the part that I think you can't get past.
That you have to, you know, I've learned to appreciate the classics.
A lot of comments on history in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, history is important.
WhatupG says, I wish more companies would look at the past.
And Dungeon Buster also says, it makes me sad to know that there are people out there
that think Elder Scrolls started with Oblivion.
And, you know, speaking of the past and maybe the not so bright side about it,
you know, I think sometimes people often forget the video game industry crashed and burned
in the, you know, early, mid-ish 80s, well, 84, right?
It was the big video game crash when, you know, we really transitioned from the Atari 2600
to the Japanese, you know, consoles of Nintendo and Sega that kind of finished out the 80s
and caused this revival that's still going.
But, you know, this question comes up once every blue moon and sometimes gets laughed off.
But, you know, we talk about knowing where we've been and how we got there and so forth.
We always talk about, do you think there would ever be another video game crash?
Do you think there's anything to learn there from some of these old games
about like how to not have another video game crash?
Well, there was a whole bunch of saturation in the 80s, especially as,
in fact, there's a really good series to watch that's like, I think it's just the history of video games
that's done by decade, not by decade, but done by year, starting with the 70s.
And there's some really famous video casters on there like the Angry Video Game Nerds on there,
Pat the NES Punk, I think. There's just a few other, you know, really, really good video personalities,
some that they've all put together. And they really went into how when one person would make an innovation
with the type of game, there would be a million, million clones out there would get so saturated.
Then you had all of these other little just no name consoles coming out, computers even.
And this is actually a discussion I had with somebody when we were at Atari Party,
how you could have so many different kinds of computers, but you had to recode everything
or redo certain lines of code just because of certain incompatibilities.
And it made it really difficult to mass market your game because of those inconsistencies
between different systems, different machines.
I honestly think that we were overcoming some of the pitfalls that were around in the 80s,
but at the same time, we've lost some of the things that really helped it to grow,
that at least kept it alive in the hearts of the enthusiasts even when the mass market crashed.
You bring up a really great point in what you said there.
And I know there's some people listening to this that are like, come on, get to the E3 talk and so forth.
You know what? E3 can bite me.
Well, but hold on a minute because there's a very important parallel here.
And I know we're going to get into this later in the show, but there were a few controversies that came out of E3.
And the talk about how much does it cost to develop a game and how a lot of these are big budget productions.
Here's one I know is a fact but not something we're specifically getting into,
but Destiny, that game that's in alpha right now, what they're saying, $500 million going into that game.
And it's this huge production, right? This is big to do.
But back in the day, back in Atari, those games, I mean, yes, there were certainly budgets.
And yes, there were, you know, the marketing and everything that had to go into that.
But at the end of the day, one guy or gal or two made the game, start to finish.
And were geniuses, in my opinion, in how to make it fit into the technology that they had.
It was even as crappy as ET was. Keep in mind, he had six, what was it, six weeks to do it.
And made a fully playable, barely playable game in six weeks.
So, that's something to be said, you know.
There's actually, and I was telling a couple people about this book while I was, while we were eating our Costco pizza.
Which, thank you, Judith, for the Costco pizza.
Judith is really cool, by the way. She's the director for the Digital Game Museum.
Really nice lady. And I'll be talking about them more later.
But there's a book out there called You. And it's by a writer named Austin Grossman.
And it's about a guy who gets pulled into a development company as a game developer.
As a, I think, as a story writer. And the lead game designer, that was it.
Just to design how the game was supposed to work.
Come up with assets for it and let the programmers worry about it.
But he was talking about how, you know, his friend who created the engine that this company runs all of its games on.
And how he and three other people, you know, were creating Rogue, you know, games based on Rogue back in the day.
And, you know, it was sort of like a parallel for a lot of the early video games.
You know, programming on an old Commodore computer or on an old Apple IIe.
And talking about how all of that led up to the games now.
And the guy has to play through all of the series of games on this engine as he's trying to find this one item hidden in the code.
You know, using, because each of the games will continue off the last one even if they're in different genre or different eras.
But it talks about how the games developed, what the styles were of the day, what the tastes were of the day.
And it actually is a really, really good parallel between what people think of modern day gaming and its roots.
And I was just getting a lot of that after having read that book and then going to Atari Party.
I was really getting a lot of that just talking to people from the industry.
And I don't think, just so I'm clear, I don't want people to think that I'm just saying that like big budget games are bad or this is bad and they're all bad.
Not necessarily, but I do feel like some of the mistakes we're seeing made in where the industry is headed and some of the problems we're having right now with some of the foot in mouth syndrome we see coming out of some of these companies.
Like Ubisoft.
You have to look to the past.
Yeah.
When, you know, it was no problem to make a character one gender versus another versus, you know, it wasn't something that like, oh well we got to think about the money, we got to think about the cost.
But the closest thing I see now to, and the other point I want to make is the closest thing I see now to those days in the Atari stuff, I see coming out of the indie scene.
Which really is one or two guys or gals with a passion project that, you know, make things from start to finish that, you know, they really put their name on.
I got to say, you know, to lead us into the E3 talk here a little bit, some of my favorite things I saw at E3 were over at IndieCade in the indie booth.
You know, where we could talk to game makers directly about these games that they're doing that, unfortunately, I think a lot of you guys haven't even heard of that are really some experiences that are really worth trying.
I would really like to take a lot of focus off of, you know, quote the big three. You know, maybe mention their consoles because we're going to be able to play some of the indie games on them.
But I would really think that people should be putting more focus on the indie gamers because more and more that's where you're seeing the quality.
That's where you're seeing. And another reason why I brought up that book, too, is because a big point made in there is how, oh, well, we're abandoning storytelling for the sake of all the first person shooters that the mass market want, you know, all the, you know, initial payoff blood and gore.
But we're seeing more and more, and I'm going to use quotey fingers and say true gamers who are wanting to go back to storytelling, wanting to go back to it being an effective way to evoke emotion, to have it actually been treated as art.
I don't think of Call of Duty as art. I think of Dominique Pomplamoose as art. You know, that's the Stanley parable. Definitely, definitely an art form of its own. It's storytelling with a very, very fucking weird twist.
You know, even Portal, you know, for being just how it was put together. It really tells a story in a very unique way and engages the mind.
I don't think that necessarily Call of Duty isn't art, but I totally get what you're saying. But for me, it's like you have a Monet versus the Thomas Kincaid gallery at the local mall. You know what I mean?
And while Kincaid was talented, his work was meant to be commercialized.
Yes, yes. So anyway, I do want to kind of transition us into E3 chatter, but real quick, if people want to attend our Atari party next year, I want more information because I'm trying to Google it. I'm finding like a Facebook page.
Yeah, it's on Facebook.
Really?
Yeah, the Atari party Facebook page. But I think they're going to be working again with Digital Game Museum, which you just go to digitalgamemuseum.org. Really, really great people.
But yeah, just look up Atari party. And you'll find galleries, but the big advertisement is through the Facebook page. Although I honestly think that I might ask Bill if he wants a web page gifted.
Nice.
And Bill's a really great guy, the guy who organizes it.
It sounds like it's getting bigger and bigger every year, too. I saw Mel B made the newspaper, the Mercury News, playing at the Atari party.
Mel and Christine were both there on the cover.
Yeah, that's great.
I ran into Neil, of course he was there, and ran into a few familiar faces.
So not only do you play the old school video games, but you run into all the old school gamers.
We had so many new friends. Also, everyone was pretty cool.
We were joking upstairs, too, about how we should just shove a bunch of pizza in our mouth and not wash our hands, and then go play everything so it could feel like an arcade.
And then we all stopped and thought about our own systems, like, no bad idea.
Bad idea.
Alright, well, hopefully it doesn't conflict with E3 next year so I can go, because I think that would be a blast.
But we do have one conflict, because California Extreme, which is amazing, amazing, is the same weekend as GamerX.
Also amazing.
So I made my apologies for not being able to go.
You guys need to coordinate your calendars better, Bay Area convention people.
There was a lot of talk about trying to schedule around certain other things.
It was really cool, though. It was just kind of great. It was very casual, too.
Good.
Which is how it should be.
Alright, well, we are going to get into some E3 chatter. I'm going to ask Loki to hit on some of the press conferences.
I do want to do some housekeeping, though, real quick.
Speaking of GamerX, that's kind of the next big convention that I know I have my eye on, and Dark Sakura has hers on, too, because we will both be there.
And this convention, of course, is running from July 11th through July 13th.
And this is really cool, on Saturday at the convention there, July 12th, the podcast cross zone panel is going to be happening.
Myself, Dark Sakura, will be there live and in person.
So if you are going to be at the GamerX convention, which is, of course, at the Intercontinental in San Francisco, come say hi on July 12th.
We'll be there and talking with some of our indie podcast buddy friend pals about kind of the art of podcasting.
And this last year was really about kind of trying to motivate people to do their own thing and get their voices out there.
This year we're going to continue that, but also talk from a little bit of a tech side.
We're going to demotivate you this year. It's too hard.
Let me tell you about all the no comments I got at E3 this year. That will demotivate you.
But we want to start to tackle some of the technical things as well as how do you promote yourself, how do you make yourself bigger.
So we'll tackle all those issues this year.
Speaking of Podcast Cross Zone, as a bit of a promotional thing leading up to that, we're going to be having an official, using my little quotey fingers, official Podcast Cross Zone tournament in Mario Kart 8.
So Mario Kart 8 fans, get a pen and paper real quick or get ready to rewind the podcast so you can write this down.
But here's the details of the tournament. It's going to be next Sunday, June 22nd, before OLR.
It's going to run from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Eastern time.
So for West Coast folks, that's 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Pacific time.
And the tournament name is Podcast X Zone or Cross Zone.
The winner will be determined from the best of 12 races. There will be a winner prize, a participation prize, and a booby prize.
But we're not encouraging people to go for the booby prize. Don't do that.
Everybody's got to try.
I've already got the booby prize.
So we're not telling you what any of those prizes are until we get a little closer.
I don't know. Maybe some of the other shows will.
So that's us, that's Koopa Club, that's Video Game Realness, that's GameBui.org, that's GameBar.
That's... I know I'm going to be forgetting somebody and I'm going to really eat shit for this later.
Us and Hoard House and all those fantastic shows that are going to be a part of Podcast X Zone.
The rules are 100 cc, all vehicles, normal computer players will be involved.
Here it is, the big code that you want. The big code 497714182468.
Here's that code one more time to put into Mario Kart 8. That is 497714182468.
And we will see you next Sunday and then live and in person at Podcast X Zone at GamerX on July the 12th.
The good news is if you can't make it live in person, because I know we have listeners everywhere,
I'm almost positive they will tape everything and put it on YouTube like a month later, like they did last time.
If you want to see the first podcast, Cross Zone Panel, that is up on YouTube.
Just search for Podcast X Zone and you'll find it. So there you go.
Since we will be at GamerX, there will be no OLR on July 13th.
We will not be having a show that Sunday as Jamie and I will not be back from the con at that point.
So just a heads up so y'all can have your calendars marked appropriately.
Okay, I think that's it for housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash OLR follow us.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio friend us.
Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
Do whatever people do on Google Plus with us.
That's like plus one us.
Yeah, plus one us and then forget about it.
Alright, just kidding Google people.
Plus one feels like RSVP.
Plus one.
Alright, so E3. I went. This is the first show I went to in probably about three years I think.
But my first show was ten years ago.
So I've been going to E3 off and on for about ten years.
And I'm just going to tell you guys, overall it was a very different vibe this year than I felt in years past.
You know, I think a lot of folks have the image in their head of like Penny Arcade.
Basically a lot of people think E3 is Penny Arcade Expo and you know, it's not.
Not every booth has just infamous lines of stations of games lined up waiting for people to play.
In fact, some companies that kind of surprised me had no stations at all of games for people to play.
One that comes to mind, Konami.
A company that I know ten years ago, we used to be right there talking about DDR and Beatmania and all that stuff.
Konami wasn't showing anything.
They don't have anything to show.
Yeah, well behind closed doors they had the soccer, Pro Evo Soccer, they had Metal Gear Solid 5.
That's it. That's all they have on their slate. That's literally it on their slate.
But I use that set as an example. Even a company like Warner Brothers obviously has a lot of big titles they have this year.
I think they had maybe two stations where they had Batman that was playable.
The rest of it, if you want to see Mortal Kombat X or Batman or all the other stuff,
you could wait in a big old line to get in a theater to watch somebody else playing the game.
And I think a big key word here about the E3 of 2014 versus the E3 of 2004 is control.
It's a really controlled environment now.
I'm kind of surprised they don't take measures to thin the crowds even more.
I'm really surprised at some of the stuff I see at E3.
But for me personally, one big reward I got out of this show this year was networking.
I met a lot of great people at the show from a lot of great companies.
Not just the big ones that we're going to get into here shortly with the press conferences,
but a lot of the second-tier developers.
I'm really pleased to report to you guys I've got at least ten different game makers that want to come on OLR and other VoG shows to talk about their games.
And that to me is the most exciting thing about E3.
Like, okay, sure. There's a time and a place for a canned presentation,
of which I personally think Nintendo is doing a fantastic job at the canned presentation game right now
with what they did at this E3.
There's a time and a place for that. That's great.
But if I'm going to be there and I'm going to be there live and in person with all these people,
I don't want the same canned thing that everybody else is getting on the internet right now.
That's the world we live in right now.
Why would I stand in line to watch a demo of somebody else playing Mortal Kombat X
when that's going to be up on YouTube and on Spike TV and all that stuff the day after the convention or during the convention?
There's no value in that for me.
I get far more value out of going over to Indiecade and talking to three game developers in the same amount of time
who are very passionate about some of the things they're working on.
So that was kind of my attitude going into this E3 was that I wanted to go meet game makers.
And I'm really happy to say we are going to get some of them coming on to OLR in the coming weeks.
Very, very happy about that.
So, yeah. That was E3 in a nutshell for me.
To answer some of the other questions that I always get coming out of E3,
Bobby, our pal Bobby Blackwell, who always comes on before us at the Voice of the East Network, he was at the convention.
We did a lot of the show together, although we had our own separate appointments too.
I know he talked about some of this on his show.
But, you know, the big questions always coming out of E3.
Who won? Who won E3?
No one.
Dark Soccer, why do you think no one won E3?
Because it's not a fucking contest.
It's not like they're racing and whoever gets to the end of the line wins everybody's money.
It's networking. It's all it is.
Maybe whoever got the most business cards won or something.
But it's not really for the gamers. It's for the industry.
So, no. There's no one fucking winning E3.
And to an extent, I agree with that.
I mean, at the end of the day, you could say pre-orders and sales and all that.
Maybe there's a game to be won with that.
At the end of the day, it is about selling games.
But if you were to ask me to grade all the press conferences and all that,
or who had the best press conference, my honest-to-god answer,
who had the best press conference?
I thought they all did a fine job.
Yes, there were high points. And yes, there were low points of each three.
And I'll talk about those. At least the big three and then the other publishers as well.
But I don't want to sit here and grade them.
Haychida just did not get the point. No one won. It is not a contest.
That's your opinion. That's what you liked better.
That's not winning. That's your opinion.
Let me read the comment, though, that's being responded to.
It's clear Sony and Nintendo won. Microsoft got a big F.
I disagree. And opinion, opinion, whatever.
But I don't think anybody failed.
In the particular case of Microsoft, everybody after last year said,
Shut up about the movies and TV and show the games.
And Microsoft came out. Game, game, game, game.
That's what people wanted, right?
And I think there was an interesting mix of stuff that I do and I don't want to play
that were shown at that particular press conference.
So I don't know. I don't really see that end of it.
Nobody won or lost E3.
The other big question I get is, what was the game of the show?
What was the game of the show?
That is so hard to answer because half of them, more than half of them,
three quarters of them aren't playable.
They're canned demos. Control, remember?
I don't know. I still think I can think of at least one that was like my game of the show.
There were definitely experiences that were great, but I don't think I...
Honestly, the game of the show for me was indies.
I liked going over to Indiecade and talking to people directly about the games they were making.
That was the game of the show to me.
All this other stuff, whatever. See you in 2015.
But I think overall, it's a great time to be a gamer.
Gamers won E3.
There's a lot of great stuff to look forward to from all three companies this year
and certainly a big chunk next year as well.
Anyhow, I went on a little bit of a tangent there.
WhatupG in chat says, Loki's was Grand Theft Auto 5.
No, it wasn't.
No, it wasn't.
Nope.
Big surprise.
Let's have you run down some of the big, big press conferences and some of the news that came out.
Remember, our audience, just the way we like to approach this with you guys,
we know if you're listening to Orange Launch Radio,
you probably already have a pretty good general awareness of what went on at all the big press conferences,
but we're here to talk about it and discuss it and hit some of those key things that came up.
So, Loki.
So, the Microsoft conference.
So, some of the stuff they kind of went over, they showed Call of Duty Advanced Warfare,
which I thought looked fantastic.
I'm very excited about it because last year's Call of Duty The Ghost game was just kind of like,
okay, something bad happened.
It's a Call of Duty game.
And before that, it was like Black Ops 2 was like, oh, hey, look at all this cool futuristic tech
and all this really interesting gameplay.
And now that's kind of been brought back now in Advanced Warfare, so I'm pretty excited by that.
And I thought it looked pretty cool.
Definitely looks next gen as opposed to Ghosted.
Forza Horizon 2 looks fantastic, very exciting.
So, that was something else that they showed.
That's going to be on both Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
Assassin's Creed Unity, which we knew was going to be something that was going to be at E3,
looked fantastic and they kind of showed off a little bit of the gameplay there.
One of the things that I thought was kind of funny, they announced DLC for Dead Rising 3,
and it was the Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha,
which, you know, a little tongue in cheek, and that was out the same day.
That was a funny moment.
I like it when gaming companies can be a little bit self-deprecating
and kind of make fun of themselves a little bit.
Nintendo did a lot of that too, but that Capcom's a great example of that at the Microsoft thing.
They announced that they confirmed the Master Chief, or Halo the Master Chief collection,
which is on Xbox One, including all Halo 1 through 4.
Also, I guess, access to the live-action Halo Nightfall, that was their TV show they're making,
as well as a Halo 5 multiplayer beta, which people are pretty excited about as well.
Project Spark, they showed that Conker is going to be part of that,
which kind of had me scratching my head going,
Okay? That's...
Yeah, I get what you're saying, because it's like one of those like,
Okay, that's cool, but like, why are you teasing me with this, and not like a Conker game?
Yeah, for sure. Oh, sweet, they're going to bring out a new Conker game.
It's Project Spark, and I'm like, I don't care anymore!
Yeah, that was kind of a moment where it's like,
We put all our assets in there so you can make your own Conker game.
No, I want you to make a Conker game. If I wanted to make my own Conker game,
we could have made a fan game a long-ass time ago.
Where the fuck do I want to make my own Conker game?
I want you to make a Conker game.
They showed off some indie games, you know, Ori and the Blind Forest look pretty sweet.
There's a new game by Playdead, which looks a little bit similar to Limbo again.
New Tomb Raider game, Rise of the Tomb Raider, looked pretty awesome.
What else?
Phantom Dust, they showed that they're redoing that, which I'm like,
That was a real out of left field announcement, wasn't it?
Yeah, I didn't understand. I've never played the original.
Cool, I mean, they're doing a new one, I guess.
Kudos to Microsoft for recognizing that this was a franchise that maybe deserved more than it got,
and so they're giving it another chance. Kudos in that department.
They showed off some more of the Division, which, I don't know, it looks interesting, I guess,
but I just don't really know too much about it yet.
Also, my most favorite thing about the whole conference, they showed Crackdown.
I was like, yes.
I could hear you cheering all the way from where I was at.
Well, that looks awesome. I'd have to definitely pick it up if I got an Xbox One.
What did you think Crackdown, a reboot, it sounds like, versus Crackdown 3?
I'm fine with that. I don't really know.
I just wonder if they're going to have the same twist as the first Crackdown.
It seemed to have a very different tone to me, Crackdown.
It looks really impressive on a technical standpoint.
They're showing off the engine and stuff and what it can do,
and you can literally destroy anything in there in completely original ways, so that's very interesting.
I don't know, I think it looks like a pretty fun game.
Crackdown, I like the original Crackdown.
Crackdown 2 is kind of lame, but the first one was fantastic,
so I'm all down for a remake of that, or just even rebooting it with the same gangs in there.
Take note, Saints Row, or Volition.
This is what you could do with Saints Row.
Reboot that shit with the same gangs and totally mix it up.
I'd be down for that.
I'd be down for that.
What else? I think that was pretty much it.
Let me mention some of the comments from our chatroom.
Oh, Scalebound. That was the other one.
Scalebound, the Platinum game that was coming.
It looks like a cross between How to Train Your Dragon and Pokemon and Monster Hunter.
I don't know, interesting.
And they showed another trailer for Sunset Overdrive, which looks fantastic.
Yeah, they did just a trailer and some gameplay, right?
Yeah, it looks really great.
Just so you know, that was a big part of Microsoft's booth.
That was probably one of the biggest chunks of their booth.
It looks like a fantastic game.
And their money marketing going into that, which is good, because that's a new IP.
It's always nice to see that, getting that support.
It looks great.
It does.
Look at some of the comments from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
Some people saying the second Crackdown not so good.
Dungeon Buster saying the second Crackdown was garbage.
Kaijuto says people forgot how bad Crackdown 2 was.
Yeah, no, I didn't forget. It was crap.
But we're far enough away from that now.
You're not worried?
Well, yeah, and they even kind of defended it.
They're all, we didn't have enough time to...
I remember correctly, I'm not sure if it's the same team that made Crackdown 2 as Crackdown 1.
And they're like, well, now we're doing all the things that we wanted to do in the original that we didn't have time to or something.
I don't know if they had to rush out the game to get that Halo 3 beta out there.
But I'm looking forward to it. I think it looks awesome.
SSG100Matt in our chat says, Sunset Overdrive looked good.
Project Spark looks like it could still be something.
Ori and the Blind Forest look like a fun platformer.
I'm still impressed with the Division.
So maybe to some there was nothing at Microsoft's presser.
I found plenty to be interested in.
And also Fable Legends.
But I wasn't really impressed by that because I've been burned on all these Fable games.
So I just didn't care.
And I know that they announced, oh, you can be the bad guy.
You can design your dungeon.
I'm like, I don't care.
It doesn't matter to me.
Blender in chat saying, I think that since there is such a debate about who won E3, gamers win.
Because the competition between the companies is so strong, they'll make better games.
I think that's a really positive way of looking at it and I kind of hope you're right.
I did find it interesting that the tone of Microsoft.
Obviously, it's no secret, Microsoft got pummeled last year when it came to E3.
They really got killed at E3 with all the policies and everything.
But this was a new year, new tone, new guy at the head of the table, a chance to establish something new.
And I did find it very interesting that this whole thing starts off.
We're excited to show you the future of gaming with our friends at Sony and Nintendo.
Very interesting kind of message, a tone there at the beginning.
Where there could have been an opportunity to take a sucker punch at Sony or something.
They didn't.
They wanted to do.
And then there was those random interludes as well with my favorite game or the first game I ever played.
Yeah, I didn't care about those.
Well, I get what they do as far as transition or whatever.
I thought it was going to lead up to something.
I thought there was a big lead up to something at the very end that kind of didn't happen.
So that was the only kind of surprise for me.
Because I thought there would be some game from the past that was making a giant comeback or a game creation thing.
Maybe that was all going to lead into Project Spark and talking about game creation.
Like, you know, these are all the games I grew up with and now I can make my own thing.
You know, I thought it would kind of have a punch line, but it really didn't.
So I think they served only as, here's a chance to put something on the TV so we can change something on the stage.
Or something like that. I don't know. It was a little strange.
Pros and cons. I mean, especially Loki and Dark Soccer, feel free to jump on into this too if you want.
You guys don't own Xbox Ones. I don't either for that matter.
I already said I'll be getting an Xbox One eventually anyway because I certainly want Forza Horizon 2.
And I want, oh my god, name escapes me. Live Radio. Alan Wake made the new game.
Quantum Break.
Thank you, Quantum Break, which wasn't to be seen at E3, which made me a little bit disappointed.
Yeah, that's probably holiday 2015.
Yeah, that's probably holiday 2015 at this point.
But, you know, still, even the Halo collection looks very exciting to me and so forth.
So, coming out of Microsoft's conference, did you see reasons to be an Xbox One owner?
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, that's the thing.
And, you know, kind of, not to spoil my impressions, everything, I kind of saw that out of all three of them.
It's like, okay, here's reasons to buy our systems and they all made a very valid point.
And, yeah, there's definitely a lot of reasons now for me to have an Xbox One.
You know, there's Forza Horizon 2, Sunset Overdrive, Crackdown, and even, you know, check out the Halo collection stuff.
So, there's plenty out there, you know, for me to pick up now.
They're showing me why, you know, where the games are, what you would want to buy.
That's the problem though, now I have to get all three and that's, you know, it's expensive.
And I don't know.
For me, the pros and cons of Microsoft's event was the pros were that I think they gave exactly what people wanted.
People wanted games. They showed a lot of games.
And there was a lot of really, you know, even though I think a lot of it was expected in a way, and I'll get to that in a minute,
there was a lot of really good looking things like the Tomb Raider sequel looked really good.
The Halo collection sounds amazing, you know, especially for people that need to catch up on that series.
Phantom Dust kind of coming back from the dead in a way is really exciting to see.
So, a lot of that's very good.
I think the one negative for me that comes out of Microsoft's press conference and the way I kind of left feeling after that,
I was like, this felt very par.
This is a very expected press conference.
Like, okay, yes, I got what I wanted, but I still have this unfulfilled feeling because where's that surprise out of Ether?
Where's that, where's that, it's out now or I was not expecting this.
And you know, honestly, to be fair to Microsoft, it really sucks.
And this just goes why secrecy is so important in the industry and so forth.
It really sucks that the cover was blown for them on the Halo collection.
Because that would have killed if they'd kept that a secret.
That would have really killed.
Well, that and like Crackdown and like all the stuff that people knew was coming, you know,
just kind of waiting for them to acknowledge it.
Right. One thing that concerns me a little bit about Microsoft is that I was actually commenting as we were listening to the press conference,
as we were driving so we couldn't watch, we were listening to the press conference and I checked out some of the video after the fact.
I was listening to it and I was commenting to Jason.
I said, Jason, I don't think there's been a Japanese developer up on that stage yet.
Now they let off with one last year with Konami and the Metal Gear Solid.
The Xbox One is launching in Japan later this year.
How are they going to sell the Xbox to Japanese gamers?
All they have is Platinum.
Yeah. After I said that, after I said that came out of my mouth, that's when they brought Platinum Games on stage and showed this, you know, scale bound.
Which to be fair, looks great.
Platinum Games, we love them. They're great.
But it's one.
And you know, the other thing they showed was Capcom's DLC for a game that's already out there.
And I know what a lot of you at home are saying. You're probably saying, Rob, what about Tokyo Game Show?
They're just sitting on it for Tokyo Game Show.
But in my opinion, why would you wait until Tokyo Game Show when the Xbox is set to launch in Japan like 30 days after that?
You need a little more time to build hype.
So I'm a little concerned that we're just going to have a repeat of the 360 in Japan when it comes to Xbox One.
I'm not convinced that they've got that support in Japan that they desperately need.
The other thing that kind of annoyed me a little bit about the whole Capcom DLC is they had all these banners and costumes and stuff for Power Stone.
I was like, ah, I want a new Power Stone game. What the hell, Capcom?
That and all the Mega Man stuff, of course, but seriously, a new Power Stone game would be awesome.
That's a series you need to reboot.
Hey, you know what, Capcom? I mean, you could put out like a billion versions of Street Fighter 4 and stuff, but how about a new Power Stone game?
Just saying. Or, hey, how about just bring Power Stone to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network?
How hard would that be?
Power Stone all the things.
I agree with that.
Akuma JP in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com who lives in Japan says, we don't care, Rob.
That's my point exactly. That concerns me a little bit because that means Sony is running unopposed practically in Japan.
Yes, there's Nintendo, but we all know Sony's hardware is packing a bigger punch and Nintendo's marching to the beat of their own drums.
So it's a very different sort of contest.
So you're telling me that Xbox is a non-factor in Japan. I'm not sure how that helps Microsoft.
You know what I mean? Isn't the competition supposed to be a good thing? I don't know. I feel like that's a hugely missed opportunity.
And Akuma JP goes on to say, Xbox 360 is dead here in Japan, so why should we get another brick?
Microsoft needs to convince you to get another brick.
Another negative-ish comment in our chat that I think is worth bringing up.
SDG100Matt says, Microsoft failed when they made it painfully obvious that they've killed the Kinect.
Has Microsoft killed the Kinect? I'll tell you on the show floor, they did demo over on the side.
They had a big old Kinect station for Fantasia.
Yeah, that's right. They did bring that up.
And on the flip side, they had Dance Central, which, you know, they also...
Oh, yeah, I forgot about Dance Central.
They did bring out Alex Rogopoulos to talk about Dance Central, although it's a download game.
I'm sure you caught that. It is not a retail game. It's a download game.
Weird because, and this was a very good question that was asked on our interactive coverage,
that I unfortunately was not able to get the answer to this question,
but will it work with all my existing Dance Central songs?
Because I'm a little worried about a digital-only $10 title that only has 10 songs,
because Konami did that on the 360, and its big drawback was that there wasn't really enough variety.
There wasn't enough songs on it.
I could see it. I don't know about it being able to transfer the songs that are actually on the disc,
but maybe DLC might be compatible with it. Maybe.
Perhaps. I hope.
Harmonix is pretty good about getting that stuff to work, you know, together.
They are, but my concern is the fact that we've gone from 360 to the 1, so that's my worry.
That's probably not going to be compatible with it.
Is it going to be able to go into the store and know I've bought these songs, so it'll bring them in?
It should. Yeah, it should, but are they going to put the effort in?
They'll just use the excuse, well, the stores are separate, sort of. We can't do that.
I did watch Dance Central for a little bit. I was not willing to walk in there and make a fool out of myself dancing
in that very public environment, but I will say the game looked very similar to the previous Dance Central games,
except the backgrounds, instead of being like you're in one static subway or whatever,
it seemed to be a little more music video to me, where you'd be in a subway,
and then the background would kind of shift, and now it's like lasers and things like that.
So it did feel like that little extra being in the 1 kind of let the visuals pop a little more,
especially with what was going on in the background.
But at its core, it really is that fundamental Dance Central game, which isn't a bad thing.
I mean, it's a great series for the Kinect, and the 1 will benefit from having it.
I just worry about the whole digital-only thing, so we'll see.
TigerClaw in our chat asking, did Harmonix show the new Amplitude at E3?
Not out on the floor where it was visible. I don't know if they had anything in a meeting room or something like that,
but I would think it's still too early. I mean, that thing just got funded,
and I think any concept stuff they had, they already put out there to get the Kickstarter funded,
so I don't think there was really anything new to say.
Well, that and they don't have a publisher for it, and I don't think Harmonix had their own booth,
so where would it be?
So yeah, those were my only things about Microsoft. Although I think, yes, there are games,
I am motivated to get an Xbox One. I did play Forza Horizon 2 on the show floor, I should mention that as well,
which the only unfortunate thing about that demo is I wasn't able to turn the cheats on and off.
That's the greatest thing about the first game is that if I suck at drifting, I'll just have the game drift for me.
Well, I couldn't do that in the demo, so I was having some problems, but the soundtrack, awesome, which you'd expect.
I do like the ability to be able to cut through anything.
Yeah, lots of off-road, the races were going off the road and all that too.
The weather effect was pretty cool, I gotta say, as you're racing and then all of a sudden it starts raining, it was nice.
So yeah, I think, and I know there's plenty of Forza Horizon fans out there in OLR land,
I think everything you guys are thinking it's going to be on Xbox One, you're going to get it, so that's exciting.
I hope they do some type of bundle for it.
I think that's all I want to say about Microsoft.
I want to check in with Dark Soccer, I don't know if there's anything we've been saying or whatever,
but anything perk your ears with the Microsoft stuff?
Nope, still don't care.
Still don't care?
Still don't care.
Why?
I just haven't seen anything that excites me.
The stuff that I want is coming out on Wii U.
Could that possibly be the point I made a minute ago about the lack of,
because if I go into your vault, a lot of the games are imported from Japan,
so could that tie into the fact that Microsoft seems to be ignoring the Japanese audience?
Possibly.
They're just not putting out the kind of games I give a shit about.
I mean, really, I really am more into the quirky games.
I like JRPGs, I like, I really, yeah, they're just not putting out anything they really care about.
I don't like Halo.
That's fair.
I don't like Fable.
I don't really like many car games.
I don't like, you know, war games.
Well, that's...
So, no.
That's fair, everybody's got what they like and what they don't, you're not alone.
A system is only as interesting as the games I want to buy for it.
Somebody in chat gave him an F, so you're not the only one.
They don't get an F, they get a big stinky poop.
All right, well, I will say this, though, for better or for worse,
because I want to make sure this gets touched on before I let Loki go on to the next one.
The games at their booth was not only the Sunset Overdrive, the Forza Horizon, and some of these things,
but they did have a big section for indie games.
And there was certainly that push, you know, to show that there are the indie games,
and they had that moment during the show where they were talking about the X, not XNA,
but Project, what is that called on the Xbox?
Project TNA.
No, somebody will say it in the chat.
No, I know what you're talking about.
But their indie movement, right?
Yeah.
And so they had some things on the show floor, like Threes was one of the big ones,
because obviously that's a big iPhone game.
That is a head scratcher.
I mean, yeah, I understand, you know, the big, the draw is that you can play it in a window or something like that.
Yeah.
While you're watching TV.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
So I did appreciate, though, that they gave a lot of space to indies,
but I honestly truly feel the reason for it is because they didn't have a lot of stuff they wanted to put out there on the show floor otherwise.
So give the space to people that do want to be out there putting their games public facing.
Again, control, right?
Control.
Okay, that's Microsoft.
What's up next?
You know, speaking of Microsoft real quick, and actually this kind of goes with Sony, too,
is I'm surprised that, you know, their versions of Minecraft that they have for, like, you know, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
don't have some sort of, like, graphical, like, enhancement to it.
Like, you know how they have the Sonic Ether shaders that look fucking amazing and stuff?
It's like you'd think they'd be able to pull that off to make it look a little bit shinier.
They just say, eh, fuck it.
Yeah.
I mean, I understand part of the charm is that it's not.
No, but I understand it still can look that way and look fantastic.
No, I got you.
Whatever.
Maybe the next Minecraft 2 or whatever.
Sony.
So Sony, they had some interesting stuff to show off first.
Of course, you know, talking a little bit about Destiny.
They have a, you know, a Destiny bundle that's coming with a white PlayStation 4 in September with the launch of the game.
Some DLC for Infamous Second Son that follows Abigail Walker.
They also, surprisingly, showed off LittleBigPlanet 3, which I thought was pretty sweet.
And not only is LittleBigPlanet 3 going to have Sackboy, but there was also other characters in there as well, which I thought looked very interesting.
I did get to play LittleBigPlanet 3 on the show floor.
And the demo, Bobby and I both played it.
And the demo featured only one of the new characters, Toggle, who switches between a big fat guy and a tiny little thing.
So, like, get it? Toggle. You go between the two.
So that was kind of neat.
I like how those new characters all add new mechanics to the game.
Because you have to really consider the weight of the character is are you going to float or are you going to sink in water?
Or are you going to cause, you know, a platform to sink to launch you in the air when you toggle?
Like, it did bring something new to LittleBigPlanet.
I think if you already have your mind made up on this franchise, like, because I know some people that are like,
eh, I'm not into LittleBigPlanet as a platformer, it kind of controls weird to me.
I don't think what they're doing in LittleBigPlanet 3 is going to win you over.
But I personally think LittleBigPlanet is fantastic.
I think it's a solid platformer and I like this direction they're going in.
Yeah, and it looks like the major difference from this game versus the other games aside from the other characters is that they have more depth in there now.
They have a lot of stuff that goes in, you know, towards the background and everything.
The camera can shift back there, so it looks a little different.
And, you know, like one of the questions I asked, you know, is all the DLC available?
And they even said that all the levels online are currently compatible with that and they're going to look even better, so I think that's pretty cool.
So, of course, they have that.
They showed off a new game from From Software, which is called Bloodborne, and that looked pretty sweet.
You know, if you're a fan of Dead Rising, not Dead Rising.
Dark Souls.
Dark Souls, yes. I was thinking the other one.
Anyways, and then of course, let's see, Far Cry 4.
They showed a little bit of that during the conference and that looks amazing.
Of course, more of that was shown at the Ubisoft press conference, but that looks like a pretty impressive game.
That's kind of a must-have for me, I think.
Also, they teased, what is it, Dead Island 2, which looks pretty awesome.
I think it's going to take place in California now, which is not an island, but whatever.
Technicalities?
We actually went to a presentation for Dead Island 2 and got to see the game.
We got to see the game, not just the trailer, but they showed us an early build of the graphic engine.
And you guys know I had my issues with Dead Island Riptide, so I have to really withhold judgment on Dead Island 2 until the game is actually out.
I will say, graphically, it looks like they've made that big step up, and I think that is because they're on Unreal 4 now.
They changed their engine.
But what we saw was a pretty cool, like, it's these guys in a car and the car is driving into the town and then they kind of go.
They get in a war with other humans, so they have other humans and zombies that are both against you.
So you can lure the zombies into killing the other humans that are the enemies.
It creates this very interesting kind of three-faction game, which I think is kind of part of the twist.
It sounds like Dead Rising, almost.
Yeah, in a way. But the whole trick is that the town that they're in isn't quarantined, so it is an island, because it's been quarantined.
Or maybe California finally fell into the ocean.
Perhaps, but it's very a parody of Hollywood Hills and Santa Monica and all that stuff.
They mentioned, of course, that there's going to be a re-release of Grim Fandango.
That's something we've redone, I guess, for PlayStation 4 and Vita, which is pretty exciting.
That's more than pretty exciting. That was a great example of a WTF OMG moment that I sadly didn't get so much at a Microsoft conference.
That was great.
They were talking about Disney Infinity 2.0, and they're going to have a collector's edition.
I guess it's going to have Hulk in there for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4, which I guess is neat.
It's something that separates them a little bit.
Of course, one of the more interesting things in there is that they finally did announce that, hey, guess what?
PlayStation Vita TV is coming to North America as PlayStation TV, and I think also Europe.
Now it's just PlayStation TV. You can get it for $99 or $139, and it comes with the Lego Movie video game and a DualShock 3 controller for $139.
So that's pretty awesome. Not only that, but there is also going to be a Vita version of Disney Infinity, so you can buy that for that as well.
I don't know. That's kind of interesting. I'm kind of thinking of maybe getting one, because I like the Vita games, but I just don't really want a Vita.
I've heard a lot of people really upset that Sony dropped the Vita branding from that device. I find that very interesting.
Something, if you're one of those people that's upset about that, I want you to consider who Sony's competitor really is with that device.
Well, not only that.
It's Apple.
Well, not only that, though, they're incorporating that PlayStation TV into other devices, including televisions. That's why they've dropped the Vita TV thing.
Right. And that thing is going to cost just as much as an Apple TV, so that's going to cause Apple to kind of have to step up their game in regards to the gaming on that device and so forth.
So it's going to be interesting to see how that plays out. I did get a chance to play Diablo 3 Reaper of Souls on a PlayStation 4, but through the TV.
They had some of those systems set up where you were actually playing on the PlayStation TV, where it was streaming from a PlayStation 4 that was elsewhere.
Probably locked away under the thing, but still, streaming from one device to the other. It actually played pretty well.
You would see artifacting every few seconds. You would see that. The image is downsampled to 720, but I think most people don't even really notice.
Well, in artifacting, it could have been from all that Wi-Fi bouncing around in there, because there's a ton of fucking shit going on in there.
I know Bobby was playing Drive Club on the same setup, and he saw a lot more of the artifacting, but when you think of a high-speed racer, the signal there has got to be a lot more data going through than a dungeon crawler like Diablo, where the image doesn't change as often.
So I found the experience to be fine. I was like, okay, yeah. I just personally don't think I really have a need for one, because I don't have a family where more than one person is trying to use the devices or whatever.
So I'm not sure I see the situation where I need one yet, but I think it's great for other people.
There's a brand new game from Suda51 called Let It Die. That was another thing that was announced that they kind of showed off there.
Also, the game streaming stuff will be coming to YouTube, so they're going to have that option available at some point.
And then, what else? I'm trying to think. Oh, yeah, of course. They showed a trailer for Grand Theft Auto 5 for the next-gen console, which we knew was coming to me, and PC, so that was pretty exciting.
Also, of course, confirming The Last of Us Remastered, which will be coming out at the end of July for PlayStation 4.
They have Ratchet and Clank Redux, which I guess is going to be a remade game for PlayStation 4, and also along with the movie that will be coming out as well.
And, of course, they announced Uncharted 4 A Thief's End, which will be coming to PlayStation 4 as well.
And then, my personal favorite out of the whole thing is they showed a new trailer for No Man's Sky, which looks amazing.
That did look pretty sweet, and a lot of people were really into that. What's the why in there for you? Why did that look great to you?
Why? Because it's just the whole fact that it's such an immersive game. It's basically all this procedurally generated universe, and it's seamless, flying from one planet to space to another planet.
It just seems really interesting, and just the tech behind it and everything.
The way they've made it sound is it might be a little bit like a DayZ or Rust or something like that, where you're playing with other players, and so you may encounter people that are hostile, or people that help you out, and that kind of stuff.
So, it sounds interesting.
Yeah, I thought that game looked really good, too. I wish there had been more of it at the show. I'm thinking it's still going to be a while before that game is actually out, but it sounded really good.
Yeah.
Anything else you want to say about Sony's conference?
I missed the last half, so I had to watch it later on so I didn't get to see it live, but I thought they had, I guess, some good, like, hey, and some more stuff we're going to show off that was kind of exciting.
I'm a little disappointed that The Last Guardian wasn't shown, but people kind of assumed that it wasn't going to be shown since there was a whole controversy that had been cancelled, and then it wasn't.
Yep.
So, I don't know.
Interesting as well that Square Enix was completely absent. I mean, I know that they came out and said they weren't going to do anything with Final Fantasy XV or Kingdom Hearts III this year, but you still couldn't help but feel like there was a loss.
Like, you just sort of expect that Square Enix is going to pop up at Sony's conference and show something.
I expect to see some more of that stuff probably for, um...
Tokyo Game Show.
Tokyo Game Show, yeah.
Yeah.
It is disappointing that we didn't see any more Final Fantasy XV gameplay. I would have liked to have seen that, but, um, whatever.
Yeah, I agree with you on that. That was too bad, but, yeah, it's kind of one of those.
Well, it's also disappointing, too, that it's not announced like, oh, it's coming out later this year or something like that, you know, because I was kind of hoping that either one of those would come out, but I guess not.
Especially, you know, Kingdom Hearts, you kind of figure it wouldn't since, you know, 2.5 Redux isn't coming out until December, so you're kind of like, eh, it's probably not coming out this year.
So, I had a great opportunity, and I must admit, in the first time in the ten years I've been going to E3, I was able to attend one of the press conferences live, and Sony was the press conference I was able to go to, so thanks to Sony for having us there.
It was pretty cool. Myself and Bobby and some of the other indie podcasters like NinjaSista from ElectricSistaHood and some of the people she travels with, we all kind of went in there and we went right into the place, and we just kept walking and walking, because they weren't, like, there was no roped off areas or whatever,
so we walked all the way down onto the floor, and I was, like, in the thirteenth row, so it was really cool to, like, kind of just be there and see it all kind of in person and, you know, just kind of experience all that.
I still walked out of there, though, certainly with pros and cons. The pros that I have is that I really think there was a great variety of games. I thought there was a lot of stuff being shown that's like, yes, I want that, yes, I want that.
I love that they brought up VibRibbon, but they showed, okay, but this was so, they showed VibRibbon, right, when they were introducing that one guy who's, like, you know, and then they went nowhere with it.
I was, like, they were hyping up how great VibRibbon was, and remember this classic and da-da-da, and then I was expecting them to say...
It didn't come out over here, really.
Exactly, right, and I was expecting them to say, and you should check this out on PlayStation Store today. Ah, it didn't happen.
So it's, like, don't tease me like that. I was mean. I was very mean to VibRibbon fans everywhere, Jamie. I had a sad for everybody with that.
One of my favorite moments of the entire press conference was the game Entwined, which I think was the third game that they showed, that was that whole, this game is out right now on the Sony Store.
What I loved about it, they were all students, fresh out of college, you know, they gave that whole, like, background about how they were all just fresh out of their master's program, and they basically started this new studio that's under Sony's wings.
Half of the individuals on the stage were women, which was very refreshing to see. They were playing the game. It was a good mix of everybody.
So it had a great story. Indie, out today, surprise, going for that art thing that maybe Sony's worried they might be losing with that game company thing this year.
So that was definitely a moment that I liked. I did check out the game when I got home. I'm still formulating my thoughts on it, so I'll talk about it at a later show.
I think the game itself is kind of, it needs some more exposition in some parts. Like, I was having a very hard time understanding the why in some parts of the game, but hopefully it's one of those games like Journey where maybe it's kind of explained better at the end.
And you get to go to a concert.
What's that?
And you get to go to a concert. Sorry, I was thinking of The Other Journey.
The Other Journey. But anyway, all that aside, the presentation at the conference, I still liked an awful lot, and I liked how they did that.
And that kind of leads me to say that one of the cons for the Sony conference for me, I thought the first half was way stronger than the second half, which isn't the way things are supposed to be.
You're supposed to have all your stuff at the end, but I thought the first half was better. And I'm going to be honest, that whole presentation where the guy came out to talk about the Playstation TV show that just got greenlit brought everything to a screeching halt.
And you could feel it in the room. And you could feel like all the people around me were kind of like, okay, I mean it's like one of those games, we like this guy, we respect this guy, this is cool sounding, but everybody's just like, get on with it. This isn't going anywhere.
Oh yeah, it was, was it Powers or something?
Powers, yeah. The problem with Powers is that they had nothing to show. Not only did they do the TV thing that Microsoft got crucified for a year ago, you know, and even the people I was sitting with were like, oh yeah, sure, Microsoft's going to get an earful over when they talk about TV, but Sony's not going to get an earful over this.
Nope, Sony got an earful about it because a lot of people didn't like that. What was most disappointing to me about that, although I understand that Sony wanted to make the point about, yay, we have this TV show, yay, it's coming, they had nothing to show for it, but concept art.
Hey, here's a wonderful idea. How about you announce something like that at, I don't know, Comic Con that's coming up, you know, in like a month. I mean, why now? Yeah. And he talked way too long about it.
Uh, Black Wolf is correcting me in chat saying it's not indie, it's a Sony owned studio. So I apologize I misspoke because I thought I did say it was a Sony owned studio that is Sony kind of backing it.
So it isn't indie in that regard, but it still had that kind of indie cred feel to it is what I meant because it was all these students that they were really taking right under the wing and bringing into this. And again, a very diverse group that was on the stage.
That was great to see.
Wait, that was Bendis on stage, was it?
Uh, during the Powers thing, yeah.
Yeah, he's awesome.
Yes, but unfortunately in this context, he brought everything to a screeching halt.
See, that's something I would have done as a separate announcement.
Yeah, or just tighten it up a little. Tighten it up a little. It went on too long. So that was a little bit of a minus for me. But otherwise, there was a lot of stuff I kind of walked out being really jazzed about. Maybe I'll roll this over to part B, but I want to talk about the Morpheus for sure later on.
And also, the other thing was PlayStation Now going into beta on July 31st.
Which I got a code for that, so I checked that out this week too, and it plays pretty well.
There's not a lot of... the games on there right now is not a lot of stuff I think you'd be like, yay, I really want to play this game. But it's enough on there to test the service and see how it responds.
And it works pretty well, I got to say.
Anything else on Sony's conference?
Nope, that's it.
Loki, I'm going to ask you the same question I asked you before. Dark Soccer, if you want to jump in too, did it sell you on a PlayStation 4? I already have one, so I can't answer this question.
I already wanted a PlayStation 4, and see, that's the thing. I'd want a PlayStation 4 for games that are maybe on both systems, but there wasn't anything that they showed at that conference that was exclusively PlayStation 4 that I must have.
That was the thing. So, no, not really. They didn't really sell me on anything with what they had.
And that's the thing, maybe I'll hold off on a PlayStation 4 and just get an Xbox One first or something, which is kind of the complete opposite of what I was thinking.
But it's, where are the games that I want to play? Are they on one system or the other system? So I'll pick whatever platform the games are on.
But then again, I don't really have to have that stuff right away, because, you know, Forza Horizon 2 is kind of the only thing that's coming, I guess that and Sunset Overdrive.
But yeah, PlayStation, there wasn't really anything that I have to have to have, although it would be nice to be able to play all that stuff I have on my backlog as far as, you know, PlayStation Plus stuff.
And then, you know, I'd be interested to see what, they're supposed to have something exclusive for Grand Theft Auto 5 on PlayStation 4, so I'd be interested to see what that is.
But really, there wasn't anything exclusive, because I don't play Uncharted. Little Big Planet, I'm kind of done with that series just because I didn't play 2, and I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
You might miss out. What about The Order or some of those other stuff?
Order I don't give a shit about. I don't know. It's just, there wasn't really anything that was must-have, I think, for me.
Jamie, quick thoughts?
I'm really still unimpressed. I mean, actually, I am really interested in Powers, because I, alright, Bendis wrote one of my favorite comic series ever, which was Alias.
It has nothing to do with the TV show Alias and The Pulse, which I will, to this day, rant about. So I really enjoy his writing, and I'd like to see more from him.
Okay.
Other than that, I kind of don't care. For me, it's, I'm gonna wait and wait till the games are out and maybe play them and then decide if that's worth spending money on.
But I've already decided what it is I want to get out of the season, so.
Okay. I will say this to Sony's credit. I want to also mention at their booth, they also had a large chunk of indie games, actual indie games.
They had a big chunk of them there, and I was very impressed. One of the games I got my hands on, because I saw this at the booth, and Xtafer always, my buddy over at Horde House, he always talks about this game on Twitter and how much he loves Assault Android Cactus.
Well, it's coming to PlayStation 4. It's like a, it's a Smash TV-esque kind of game, but it has, you know, different elements. It's, you know, polygon and space, and you have these things where you can switch weapons, and you do a jump dodge when you switch weapons.
That helps you get out of things. You have flamethrowers and stuff. So, fun little game. I liked it. I enjoyed it, and I was very impressed that the guy was asking me,
Oh, what do you think? You know, what do you think of the game and so forth? And I noticed he had an Australian accent, and he mentioned, Oh yeah, this game was developed in Australia. I'm one of the guys who worked on it.
So I thought that was really cool that Sony not only had the indie games on display in their booth, they had some of the guys who made them there to be the ones demoing them.
And if you listen to what I said earlier, that's what I loved most out of E3 this year, is when the people that made the games were actually there, kind of demoing them and showing that passion they have for the games.
So I was very excited about that, and hopefully getting them on a future edition of the show when the game gets a little closer to launch on PlayStation 4, because it was a lot of fun.
And it's something that is on Steam right now, but I think obviously PlayStation 4 will open it up to a different audience.
But yeah, very impressed with the number of indies in Sony's booth as well. That's it for Sony.
Should we jump ahead to Nintendo then?
Yeah, sure, why not. Nintendo, they of course have a press conference, but they have their live video direct thing, which started off really strange.
Not typical for Nintendo. They started off with animations by Robot Chicken, which I thought was very unique.
And they had also this thing where there was a fight between Reggie and Iwata. I thought that was pretty cool.
They were having fun with it, and that's kind of the vibe.
Are you saying you kind of enjoyed Nintendo's presentation?
Yeah, I enjoyed it. Some of the stuff I still don't get. They showed off their miniature figures, and seriously, what the fuck is up with Nintendo and naming shit?
Amiibo is the dumbest fucking name for... I mean, it's different, but yeah, it's just... what?
I thought it was supposed to be a play on the word Amigo, like the Spanish word for friend. I thought that's what it was.
But maybe it was just me. I don't know. That's what I got out of it. And certainly me being in the title was important too.
Yes. So they have these figures now that are going to tie in with Smash Brothers. They're called Amiibo.
And what they basically are is you use them with your tablet, and it creates this computer-controlled character that you can fight with, fight against, fight for you.
And you train it like I guess you would Pokemon or something. It levels up, and you can use it in other games, I guess.
And one of the games that it's going to be patched into later on is Mario Kart 8. They're supposed to have support for that there.
I don't really know how that's going to work, but okay.
Of course, they showed a little bit about Smash Brothers. The 3DS version they announced the date for, so October 3rd for that, which is not really in the window that they originally had, which was summer, but okay, whatever.
They showed off Yoshi's Woolly World, which is the kind of Yarn Yoshi game that's going to be for Wii U. That's not coming out until next year.
Captain Toad Treasure Tracker, which is coming out for the Wii U this holiday.
They showed off Hyrule Warriors, which is going to be September. A little trailer for Pokemon Alpha Sapphire and Omega Ruby, which I guess was in November.
Bayonetta 2 for Wii U. They confirmed that it will be out this year in October, and not only that, but it will be coming with the original Bayonetta game as well, so that's pretty exciting.
That was a good wow moment, because how I was supposed to get into Bayonetta 2 if I've never played one. That's great that they did that.
Kirby's Rainbow Curse. They announced that that's kind of a claymation looking game coming to the Wii U. That's 2015 as well.
A brand new franchise, or I guess IP they announced, which is Splatoon, which is kind of interesting. It was Miyamoto's game, and it's a four on four third person shooter game,
but it has these school girl looking things that are actually like squids. They transform into this little girl, and they're running around shooting ink.
When you're in your own ink, you move faster, and you can transform into a squid and move faster. The whole object of the game is who can cover more of the map with your own color.
It's a shooter in that sense, and it was pretty interesting. I watched a lot of that during their live coverage, and it looks like an interesting game.
It's multiplayer only, which is definitely, knowing Nintendo's track record, different.
Wouldn't that be something? That is the whole online shebang and everything too, which I believe, because I think they talked about what voice chat is supposed to be, right?
I know that's a title that Nintendo fans are getting really excited about because it's a shooter game that's not all the stuff that comes with a shooter game.
It's Nintendo's very definite spin on that idea, which is pretty cool.
They confirmed Mario Maker, which is for the Wii U, and you'll be able to make your own Super Mario Bros. levels, both original and new Super Mario Bros. U style.
Act F is jumping in in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, saying Splatoon isn't made by Miyamoto. It's actually made by the Animal Crossing guy, if I recall correctly.
It's under his supervision.
Miyamoto, they're stretching him really thin, it sounds like right now.
Just some other quick comments about Nintendo, because I want to make sure we're getting our chatters to listen here.
Tigerclaw says, the Captain Toad game is really interesting. Nintendo literally took one of the highlights of Super Mario 3D World and turned it into a full game.
You have to kind of wonder if that was the plan the whole time. It was a backdoor pilot, as they call it in television. I don't know, it's very interesting.
Dark Tetsuya is saying, I'm curious about the integration of Mario Kart 8 with those figures. So, some of the comments there.
Well, I'm sure it's just going to be AI Racers is what it's going to be.
I personally, not to backtrack, but I wasn't completely convinced what those figures are really supposed to do.
That's exactly my thing. I don't know why they would have been better off having a Wii U Pokemon game that had Pokemon amiibos or whatever.
And then that would have been like, oh, sweet, I can trade my Pokemon.
But, there's still that part of me that's like, sweet, official Nintendo figures that I can have up on the shelf. I'm kind of excited about that.
I think that they're supposed to work with Swap Force or somehow it's got some compatibility with Swap Force in there as well.
I don't know if you're going to be able to play as Mario in Swap Force or something like that on the Wii U.
That might be a stretch, but we'll see.
Anyways, they showed off Xenoblade Chronicles X or Cross or whatever you're going to call it, and that's coming out in 2015.
And of course, they announced that Paulina from Kid Icarus is going to be a playable character as well.
And then, of course, the big hopefully expected surprise was they showed off the new Zelda game release.
They showed off a trailer for it, and it looks fucking amazing.
Seriously, that's going to sell me a Wii U for sure.
Because it's what I wanted. It's a cel-shaded, Wind Waker-like game that looks like the fucking universe from Link to the Past.
That's what I wanted. That was my Zelda game right there. There you go. There it was.
So when that comes out, I'll have to get a Wii U. But until then, maybe not.
But still, to hear you come on this show, I think a lot of people were waiting for you to get all revved up and go off on Nintendo tonight as you have some years past.
You're much more reserved tonight. You seem like a satisfied gamer after Nintendo's conference. Is that correct?
It looks impressive. They're saying it's going to be an open world Zelda game.
They're like, okay, see those mountains back there? You can go to those mountains if you want.
It just looks really impressive. If, and this is the big if, if they can pull off, because it is supposed to be in-engine, but if they can pull off in their final game, what was in that trailer, then cool.
Then yeah, that sells out on me. If it's not quite that cool, then we'll see. But it looks really good.
Act F wants me to correct you. It's Palutena, not Paletta.
Whatever, I don't give a shit. I really don't.
Hey, I'm happy to see the Kid Icarus love, to be honest.
And then of course, you know, that was only what was in the Direct. They had a ton of shit that didn't even make it in the Direct.
Like hardly any 3DS stuff in the Direct, and they were kind of spilling that out, like the Advanced Wars-esque game.
Yeah, Project Steam. They had Professor Layton versus Phoenix Wright was going to be coming out.
They had this Fantasy Life game that looks like Harvest Moon. On the Wii U, Mario Party 8, or Mario Party 10, I'm sorry, which is kind of like Bowser Party or something.
Not really shown there, but they're working on a new Star Fox game, so there's that.
Shit, I'm trying to remember what else was in there. They had a new Mario Minis game.
Was it Mario versus Donkey Kong or something like that? March of the Minis type thing.
Lots of stuff.
So let's ask the question, you know, what were the pros and cons, and is this what Nintendo needed to sell more Wii U's, which they need to do?
Your thoughts, Loki?
Well, I like the way that they presented everything and had that livestream where they had gameplay footage and stuff throughout the whole thing, so you can kind of get in-depth looks at everything.
Do you think Nintendo might be ahead of the times with this, that E3 might end up going this direction for everybody in the near future?
I think it was a great idea, because coming out of it, because I watched it for most of the three days, and I got a better understanding of what they're coming out with versus some of these other...
Cool, I know what Mortal Kombat is, but I didn't really get to see any footage of it.
I'm sure I could have watched one of those Spike TV shows or whatever that was doing streaming and stuff, but I ended up watching that most of the time.
And watching the Smash Bros. tournament, man, watching everybody get so excited about it, it's gonna be huge, I think.
I kind of agree. I think that we're a few years away from Sony and Microsoft going this route.
And I think it's gonna r- I mean, some people may not agree with me, and that's fine, but I think this is really turning into something that's really working well for Nintendo.
And I think if Sony and Microsoft can look at it and go, wow, we could really save a shit ton of money by going this route and still keep our fans happy and engaged.
I kind of think they're gonna go that way, and this could be very interesting for E3 as a show.
Here's the problem, though, with Sony and Microsoft doing something like that.
Right now, they've made a point with all these Nintendo Directs to make their president and stuff very much a face and just kind of a spokesperson of their products and everything, like Reggie and Miyamoto and all that stuff.
You kind of expect them to come out and talk about all this stuff, whereas Microsoft, I don't really expect the head of Microsoft to come out and start talking about new Xbox games.
It just doesn't seem-
Well, I think Phil Spencer's-
Yeah, he's okay.
He's getting into that role. He'll be good. And Sony, if Jack Trenton were still there, would certainly have the guy that was capable of doing it. They'll groom somebody else to do it.
I guess Major Nelson could do that.
Sure. Finding that face isn't that-
And if it went in doubt, go to a third party. And Nintendo even did that by integrating the robot chicken and the very tongue-in-cheek, poking fun at themselves stuff that really-
I mean, that guy in the audience with the press badge saying, where's Mother 3, losers? And then Reggie's setting him on fire.
Yeah, see, that's the thing.
That was a pretty awesome moment, although-
Well, at the same time, though, they were saying, oh yeah, we're going to have this special announcement for a brand new 3DS game and stuff. I was like, oh man, you watch this, it's going to be Mother 3.
And instead it was Project Steam. I was like, eh, I don't fucking care. But I don't know. It was okay. I think that they have a decent lineup.
My worry still, though, is they don't have the third party support. And even though they have these great games, and some that are going to be real- I mean, Zelda is going to sell a ton of fucking systems, but it's not until 2015.
And most likely holiday 2015. That's a lot of time for them to lose market share.
I painfully agree. There's a lot that I really love about what Nintendo's doing, and I think a lot of these games sound great, but it's like, when you spread these games out between now and holiday 2015, which is the reality of the library we're seeing, only the Wii U stuff. 3DS is a whole other thing.
3DS is fine.
It's fine. When you look at the Wii U specifically, I have that same reservation. You know, last week I talked on the show about what's the Hail Mary play going to be, and for better or worse, Nintendo didn't make one.
They're sticking to their guns, so they could reveal more, peel back the onion a little more at Tokyo Game Show.
There's still- was it Gamescom that they could announce more stuff, but I just-
Here's the thing at the end of the day. I think it's great that they've got Miyamoto working on these gamepad-heavy games that really are going to show the console.
It would have- and I love Miyamoto, guys, don't get me wrong, but it would have had five times more the impact if it had been, here is Ubisoft showing us how they are going to use the gamepads on their games.
Insert whatever third party you want there in that example I just gave. I would have been a little more excited about that, because that would be more games to fill in these long gaps we're going to have between the Splatoon, the Mario Maker, and so on.
Well, that's the thing too, it's like- not getting Miyamoto, but the stuff that they were showing, like his project robot, big robot game or whatever, kind of like dumb.
Like, I just didn't get it. It looked like something like, okay, cool, that's going to be another minigame that's on the next Nintendo Land or something like that.
So, it just wasn't doing it for me. I'm not excited about that. It wasn't like, here's this really unique idea for a game that we came up with, but now it's like, here's this game, it's a robot fighting game.
It seriously reminded me of Tank! Tank! Tank! I'm like, well, I was kind of excited about that and it came out and it really sucked.
Yeah, I'm not a big fan of this giant robot fighting thing that you're- I think you're wasting time on this, you know? It's what it makes me feel like.
There is a lot to get excited about with Nintendo, don't get me wrong, and I have to admit, I kind of walked out of it going, they make a great argument for being the second console in your house.
They make an amazing argument for being the second console in your house, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. I mean, I think Nintendo would be in a great position if every household had a PlayStation 4 or an Xbox One and a Wii U, right?
That would be a great- that's kind of what the Wii was for a lot of people, was a lot of the gamers' second console, but it's just really about kind of convincing that, you know, people need to get one already.
Also, some of their- like, I've got to knock Reggie a little bit for some of his comments he made regarding like questions, you know, hey, are you guys gonna, you know, start supporting, you know, Twitch streaming or something like that on your console?
And, you know, instead of maybe- I guess it would be wrong for him to say that the hardware's not powerful enough to support Twitch streaming because that's probably the situation, but, you know, he's like, well, it's just not fun.
Twitch streaming's just not fun, so that's why we don't have it included in the console. And the same thing with VR. He's like, well, VR's just not ready yet, so, you know, when it is, you know, Nintendo will be there, but I think-
But you'll be there late with that attitude. That's the problem.
It's like, yeah, you're finally getting online now, but how many years late are you? By the time you get there, it's just gonna be too late.
The Twitch TV thing reeked of an excuse to me because he says that, yet they did all that streaming through Twitch for all three days.
I get that there's a difference between a packaged Nintendo presentation that runs a little more like a TV show versus Joe Schmo in his apartment streaming games.
But that con- I mean, I don't know. Don't Bite the Hand that Feeds You is kind of what I'm saying with that. I sort of felt that comment did feel really out of touch to me.
And if they didn't think the Twitch streaming was fun, then why include some sort of option in Mario Kart 8 to export your race highlights if they didn't think that was fun?
He had an answer for that. He had an answer for that. That's where he invoked Angry Luigi and all that, you know, and he had an answer for it, but it did feel a little bit more like an excuse.
Let's be real, guys. The Wii U isn't technologically capable of doing the Twitch streaming. That's what it really boils down to, so we have to say, oh, well, gamers don't really want that.
That's a little bit of smoke and mirrors, in my opinion. Good thing you don't need them to integrate it on the console to actually be able to do it, right?
You can get a capture card and do it that way. You don't necessarily need them to do that.
Some comments on the third-party thing. Act deft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Sky, the thing is that third parties aren't going to save the console, and Nintendo has realized this.
WhatupG says, people mainly get a Nintendo console for Nintendo. The days of the Nintendo slash Super Nintendo are long gone.
AkumaJP says, my absolutely honest opinion, Miyamoto is out of touch. They need to get a new leader.
That's a very strong comment. I don't know if I would necessarily 100% agree in that, but I do see some of my own feeling in what he's saying.
Maybe it's not that... I certainly respect Miyamoto. He's done amazing things for gaming. Maybe my concern is I'm getting a little burned out on him.
Does that make sense? Because it's always the same faces at Nintendo. It's always the same people rolling out the games.
And don't get me wrong, they make great games, but I want to see what other people do, too.
Maybe, like to use the analogy of Dance Dance Revolution, maybe it's like he's like Naoki.
Naoki, his songs were pretty awesome at first. And then you hear the fifth iteration of Brilliant 2U in another game, and you're just like, you know what?
It sounds about the same. I'm kind of getting a little tired of it. It's not really that unique anymore.
For me, it's just... I don't know. The stuff that he's doing doesn't seem as innovative as it used to be like.
Well, I see again. I don't know how to go that far. But it's not necessarily everything he touches is gold. He's not the gaming prophet.
Because what's the sub-game that went free-to-play on 3DS? That was all him, wasn't it?
It's not that good. Sorry to say. But again, don't get me wrong. Gaming, we have so much to owe to him and so forth.
There's, I'm sure, a lot of great things still to come from him. But there's a lot of other great innovators out there, too.
And it really sucks. Nintendo can't convince them to make a game for their console. Still. That's my concern.
I think at this point, what Nintendo needs to do is really get on board with getting those indies on there.
Because that's really what's going to come down to, I think. It's so EA and Ubisoft. Ubisoft has been pretty good still supporting them even though their games have been selling that well.
Although they are holding back some titles because there's not a lot of consoles out there.
But at least they still have the support for the Wii U. EA, of course, not supporting them at all.
But I think if they got a lot more exclusive indie titles and stuff, that might help.
Because at least that way, right now I know there's a pretty decent barrier to entry for indies to get on the console.
And Nintendo could really streamline that and make it a lot more easier like Sony seems to be doing.
I think that would be beneficial for them.
Alright, so any other final thoughts on Nintendo? DarkSakura, you've been quiet, but I know you had some thoughts on Nintendo.
Want?
So whereas the other two, you were a fan of what you saw with Nintendo.
Yeah, I mean Dan and I actually legitimately talked about getting a Wii U.
Talking about which one we're going to get. Probably the one that comes with Mario Kart and the extra stuff.
If it's still available, I don't know if it is anymore.
We have ways.
Well let me ask you this though, you know I'm going to ask this. Why? Why were you sold on Nintendo where you weren't with the others?
Stuff that actually looks fucking fun. I mean seriously, it has stuff that looks fun. It has stuff I care about.
That's why I want it. The other stuff didn't look very fun to me, so I didn't care.
What? What? I mean just-
I want Hyrule Warriors by the way.
So those are the types of games that look fun.
Yeah, I want that. I want Smash Brothers. I want, um. Yeah, I want Hyrule Warriors and Smash Brothers.
Oh, that's right. That was the other announcement is your Mii can now be in Smash Brothers, which I thought was interesting.
I like their little splash, like iced tea pours on the heat or something like that. That was funny.
And Tiger Claw about the Mass Effect mentioned during EA.
We'll get there. We'll get there.
I'm just saying, no.
We'll get there.
Alright, so Wunt from Dark Sakura. It does seem like ever since Mario Kart 8 came out and leading into E3, it is kind of like you see them accelerating.
To make a little pun on the kart game, they're definitely getting into accelerating mode right now.
Maybe they stalled out for a little while, but you definitely see that acceleration coming.
We'll just have to see if it keeps them sailing through the holidays because that would be the important stuff.
Yeah.
Alright. That is it for Nintendo. I think at this point, since we're about an hour and a half into the show, let me roll over the other two into Part B to kind of start to cover some of our news there.
Because I want to make sure we cut on some of our other segments as well here, including release dates.
We need to travel around the world and check out what games are coming out to a store near you next week, if anything.
I'm not sure there's an awful lot, but we'll check it out anyway.
Next week is pretty much EA Sports UFC, so you can play Bruce Lee there.
PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, and then on PC, Tropico 5. That is it.
Alright. Well, heading over to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
It is a little different because their games are on a different type of release schedule.
Trying to bring up those dates right now.
Looking at the PlayStation 4 this week, there's nothing until the 26th.
On the 26th, they get Watch Dogs, but that's not now.
On the PlayStation 3, there's CV Casting Voice.
No idea what that is, but that's from Bandai Namco. It's coming out.
Nothing on the 360 either in Japan.
Going to the Vita, there's a couple things.
There's Sengoku Hime 4, which is coming out.
There's also Hotaru no Niki is coming out from Nippon Ichi.
That is all on the Vita this week.
And the Wii U does not have anything this week either, so it's also a slow week over in Japan.
3DS, Pacworld, Pokemon Art Academy is probably the big release this week.
Konchuu Monster Super Battle, so 3DS seems to be having the biggest week in Japan.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
There's some stuff. What's coming out is on...
Great, and it reloads.
On the 17th, we have EA Sports UFC.
On the 18th, the Walking Dead Game of the Year edition.
And... what's the end of the week?
Oh yes, the 21st, sorry.
On the 19th, we have God of Fire, Rise of Prometheus, Pool Box World.
And on the 20th, Atelier Rosa Plus.
And... what are you doing?
And a few other things. Sorry, my iPad has decided to go crazy on me.
And Divinity, Original Sin. There we go.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Land Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, drink.
Alright, I want to touch on one other thing here before we get to the classic game of the week.
And you know, this is a controversy that came out of E3.
And I did want to touch on this. We've referenced this a little bit earlier in the show, but I think it is important to bring this up.
And yes, I'm going to go there with the whole Assassin's Creed Unity and the comment that was definitely heard around the industry about the female players.
And why is there not a female assassin in the multiplayer mode?
And in an interview with Polygon, Creative Director Alex Amancio said, in response to Why Aren't There Female Avatars,
quote, it's double the animations, it's double the voices, all that stuff, and double the visual assets.
Especially because we have customizable assassins. It was really a lot of extra production work.
The common denominator was Arno. It's not like we could cut out our main characters.
So the only logical option, the only option we had was to cut the female avatar.
Apparently originally they were going to do a female avatar, but they ended up dropping said avatar.
Which obviously had a lot of people very upset.
A lot of people making the point that it doesn't seem to be a problem for Nintendo to have an extensive line of female characters in their games.
But yet it does seem to be a problem for Ubisoft.
Naturally, Ubisoft had to do a little bit of damage control and company spokesman Michael Beadle came out later in the week and said,
we recognize the valid concern around diversity in video game narrative.
Assassin's Creed is developed by a multicultural team of various faiths and beliefs.
And we hope this attention to diversity is reflected in the settings of our games and our characters.
Whoopty shit.
That, I hope this comment doesn't come off as crass, but that very much strikes me as I have a black friend.
Yeah, no, it's, and I am very, very, very angry at them because first of all, it's actually not that difficult.
Let me finish, I will absolutely let you have your retort.
Assassin's Creed Unity is focused on the story of the lead character Arno.
Whether playing by yourself or with a co-op shared experience, you as the gamer will always be playing as Arno.
Complete with his broad range of gear and skill sets that will make you feel unique.
With regard to diversity in our playable assassins, we featured Aveline, Connor, Adewell, and Altair in Assassin's Creed games.
And we continue to looking at showcasing diverse characters.
We look forward to introducing you to some of the strong female characters in Assassin's Creed Unity.
As soon as we finish making them.
I added that last part myself.
Go ahead, Darcyra.
It's just them trying to sugarcoat, you know, oh, we fucked up, let's try to make this look like we're actually not the assholes that we are.
No.
They did have a female assassin in the PlayStation Vita version, which then also came out on, uh...
Token female character?
She was a slave, I mean.
Here's the thing. I kind of think the problem is, obviously this whole issue has been a dam waiting to burst.
In my opinion, Ubisoft is just the one who put their foot in their mouth, but it was going to happen to somebody.
Yeah.
This is not a reflection.
It's been needing to come out.
I don't think this is a reflection on Ubisoft as much as it is the industry, believe it or not.
I mean, I almost... I don't know how much I... I almost feel bad for this guy.
Don't quote me on that.
But the reason why I'm saying that is because I think what...
The problem is, this guy was responding to a very tough question, and he said something he really, really, really shouldn't have said.
He was trying to make an excuse for something that, you know, is a problem much bigger than him and his game.
Does that make sense what I'm saying, Jamie?
I don't know. At the same time, like, I understand why people want female playable characters in games,
but at the same time, I don't think anybody should be forced to have to make female playable characters in every single game.
That's what I'm saying. You know, if their choice was, we want to have, you know, male characters in this game,
and they come up with four male assassins or whatever, fine, that's their choice.
And say, you know what? These are the characters we decided to go with.
That's fine. Don't make any excuses. Oh, it was too hard.
The problem is that when you have maybe ten developers taking that same excuse,
and one here or there that's like, yeah, we're inclusive, we're making it equal footing.
You know, I mean, even, you know, BioWare, you know, they put in a female shepherd as an afterthought, I think, for the first Mass Effect.
And then later when they found that, yeah, people actually enjoyed the character, then they made something a little bit more, you know, open, but still.
For me, it wasn't necessarily what was said, but it was how it was said that was the problem.
I mean, that's what it really was bound to, because here's the thing.
If he had just come out and said, okay, you know, this is, we don't envision that the player is playing themselves.
This is a story that's told through Arno's eyes, and in multiplayer, honestly, it's just copies of Arno. That's it.
And then the developer immediately followed it with, but we do have strong females in, you know, Assassin's Creed Unity that are here and here and here,
and gave examples instead of, we'll show you later, you know, and had examples ready to give.
I think the reception would have been a lot different.
The whole thing about saying that, you know, that, you know, like I was going back to the ten developers who were saying,
oh, well, why should we have to, you know, put a female in the character just for the sake of doing it, that makes you part of the problem.
It's because you were saying it's for the sake of doing it instead of, you know what, it's a good idea to have a female character, because it shouldn't matter, gender.
Instead of, we're throwing a bone to, oh, here, just put a female character in it because we have to.
No, that's not how it is at all. We need to see more strong, independent female characters that are created for their own purpose and not just because they're female.
They just happen to be female. I don't know if that makes sense, but imagine, imagine, and I'm trying to think of something, you know,
if you have a character that's put in just because they're gay. Oh, we need to have a gay character in every game.
It's more tokenism at that point instead of, oh, and by the way, you know, I am this other sexuality. It doesn't have anything to do with my job, you know.
I think that if you're going to have a female character
Last of Us was a great example of that done right.
Yeah.
Like the character wasn't like token, it was just like, oh, he just, you know, this is part of the story, part of the narrative.
Or like in Tomb Raider is one that did it right. I mean, the last Tomb Raider that came out, I'm saying, instead of, you know, massive wrack Laura.
I'm saying the fact that she was thrust into the situation, she, you know, it could have been a boy stuck on the ship.
You could have been, you know, her stuck on the ship. The fact is that you had a person thrust in the situation and they used their skills to persevere,
has nothing to do with her being female or whatever she was or whatever subplot with her loving her friend or whatever people are shipping them.
That has nothing to do with it. The fact is that the character was able to persevere in that type of environment. Does not matter about gender.
Right.
And that's what we need more characters like.
Right.
I would like to see more female characters that I can identify with, but I don't agree with we have to put a female in here because people are going to be mad if we don't.
No, that makes you part of the problem.
So with that being said, because I was about ready to walk out of this story going, I think this is a good thing for the industry at the end of the day.
I think we needed to get pissed off. I think as gaming fans and so forth, this is a dialogue that needs to happen within the game industry that yes, there are a lot of female gamers too that would like to see themselves represented a little better in games.
Some people are doing it right, but some not aren't necessarily doing it right. You know, Nintendo, we just talked about how it does a great job of intermixing all types of characters.
Then again, of course, they floundered a bit when it came to the sexuality issue. They've done a good job with men and women don't have the greatest track record when it comes to, you know, the sexuality spectrum.
But, you know, as far as this issue goes, they're doing well so far and making progress on the other things too.
Also, and I understand it's probably more teasing IKUMA GPS, you know, what's wrong with the big rack? And I said, a woman is worth more than her body.
But boobs are nice, but they don't have to be. But I think it's important to know women come in all shapes and sizes.
But imagine having this lump of fat and glands on your chest and trying to run in a t-shirt and bra. That's not very, that's the same reason I disagree with the boob cup armor, you know what I mean, Rob? Like the bull bras?
Because you actually need to strap the girls down to be effective in battle rather than having them, you know, move painfully or being stabbed through them maybe or falling the wrong way and having that cup go into your sternum, for example.
You know, fucking men. Don't let men design armor.
So do you think that-
And you know what I mean by fucking men.
Do you think that this ultimately was something that needed to happen to our soccer or are you afraid that it's going to result in tokenism?
I think it's going to have to be approached very carefully. And the whole problem is that if it hadn't been all this patriarchal bullshit in the first place, we wouldn't have to have this discussion.
So really, I blame a few thousand years worth of male dominated history for this.
But we can't change the past. We can only change the future.
Exactly. And that means learning from it. Learning what happens when you deal with degrading somebody into a token place, making them there out of pity rather than giving them a true and honest place within that framework.
And so that's going to have to be the approach to be taken. How can we do this respectfully instead of just throwing a bone?
All right. I'm sure this discussion could take up a whole three hours on its own, but we have a busy show tonight. So I invite your feedback.
Participate at orangeontradio.com or we'll be taking some calls a little later in the show.
One thing. There was a question asked about man boobs.
I've never seen them make boob cups on male armor unless it's Batman. So not an issue. Strap it down.
If you want to see a great job of armor that objectifies men, go play Final Fantasy 14.
Amen. Or actually, and I was watching because I don't watch Watch Once Upon a Time, but I've been looking, trying to get into it.
You see an example of female armor done right. Look at Mulan. Just saying.
All right. Let's take a trip down memory lane to a time when, you know, it was a strong female.
We took off our armor and ran around in bikinis.
All right. We're going to take a time when things were a little simpler and maybe a little more innocent in the gaming industry with a classic video game where Dark Soccer is going to go into the gaming archives and find a game that she thinks, hey, you should be checking out this game.
It's the classic game of the week, Dark Soccer. What have you picked this week?
Ninja Golf. Because Ninja Golf is fucking amazing.
Ninja Golf is an Atari 7800 game.
Sorry. That was loud. Sorry, guys.
Good luck finding a 7800 that has a working power supply because ours is dead.
Anyway, it's a beat them up with golf.
It's just so freaking weird, but it's a fun little game.
Basically, you start off with your hole, you aim the ball and shoot for the green, and then you run toward the ball like a side scroller fighting different enemies, which include other ninja gophers because I guess Caddyshack or some reason.
Birds, giant frogs, sharks and all kinds of crap, which I think it's funny that when you get to a sand trap, it plays like an Arabian Nights theme.
It's kind of funny, but the enemies depend on the environment they're in.
So like there's water hazards with snakes and, you know, you get underwater fighting and all kinds of stuff.
And then you have to fight a dragon before you get to each hole.
It's just a fucking weird game. I don't really know what else to say about it, except that is a fucking weird game.
Have you ever played Ninja Golf?
I had never heard of it until you picked it for tonight's classic game of the week.
I thought I'd seen everything.
No, I've never heard of it.
It really is just crazy. I mean, there's really nothing else to say about it.
I don't even know if it was that popular of a game, but it's just, I mean, it's like you get, you have a health bar.
How many golf games do you know have a health bar, by the way? Just saying.
Did Kirby's Golf have a health bar? It might have.
I don't know. But you can die on the field. You have different music playing. Most of it's just sound effects.
I just really can't say anything else about this game. It's weird.
I don't think it's ever had any kind of re-release.
Although I think there was a nod made to it for Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
So I don't know.
What the shit is this game? Now he's like fighting a dragon.
I told you, you fight a dragon when you get to the hole.
This has nothing to do with golf.
Are you sure? How much golf have you played?
You know what, if this was-
I'm missing something. If this is what was on TV, I'd watch it every day.
If this was golf, I would fucking play it. I would be a caddy as long as I get lots of realistic armor.
And according to our resident Kirby expert, Akdeft, Kirby's Dream Course did have a health bar.
Ha. So we have Ninja Golf to thank for Kirby's Dream Course, clearly. Clearly.
Mmm.
What the hell, DarkSakura? What the hell? There it is.
Your classic game of the week, Ninja Golf.
Which I had played yesterday. Fucking weird game.
And the whole time you were like, what?
I'm like, what am I playing? Oh my god, what am I playing? Is that a gopher? Do they get this from Caddyshack?
Oh my god.
That's pretty fantastic.
Isn't that awesome? And I love how you can actually see the little green in the bottom corner.
You can watch where you're going.
Check out that multi-layer scrolling going on in the background.
And see where your balls are.
You can.
Hey, stop objectifying men.
I'm not objectifying men. I'm talking about golf balls.
Oh, okay.
Are you a ball washer, Rob? Have you ever worked as a second job as a ball washer?
Um, no comment.
Alright, there it is. Your classic game of the week, Ninja Golf on the Atari 7800.
I like that. That was a good pick.
Alright, there it is. We're going to be back though. We have plenty more show to come.
We still have two press conferences we've got to get.
Dark Soccer's got a few things to say about EA's press conference.
Loki wants to talk about Ubisoft's press conference.
We've got a whole lot of rapid-fire news as well.
And I still have to talk about Project Morpheus at some point and that whole thing.
So we will try to make time for that as well as your calls and plenty more when we come back with more of Orange Launch Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Launch Radio. Episode number 556 of our show for this June 15th.
In progress here with part B starting off right now.
And we are running awfully long because of all the news tonight.
You know, it's kind of a big week in gaming.
So we do want to get right back into things.
But I do want to just quickly say on the show next week, this is tentative.
I'm not going to guarantee that these guys are going to be here because we're still trying to work out this deal.
But tentatively on the show next week, we'll have an interview with a representative from the game Marvel Heroes.
The free-to-play game that some are saying is Diablo-esque.
So stay tuned to our Twitter and our Facebook for all the details.
They are arranging to be here live so you guys can ask your questions about the game.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio or Twitter.com slash OLR.
Also, our 12th birthday is coming up. It is on the 23rd so we will be celebrating it on the 29th.
June 29th coming up. The 12th anniversary of OLR.
I thought it was 13.
No, we started in... Oh god, it is 13, isn't it?
13.
I forgot my... This show is so old, I forgot its age.
I thought it was 12. I thought we started in 2002.
No, we did. You're right. We started in 2002.
I don't know... That's how you know you're old.
Here's how I know that.
And because I was talking to someone about that the other day saying,
Oh yeah, I've been doing this for like 12 years.
It was 2002.
It was because I had the newspaper articles still on my desk and so I'm like...
It says we started in 2002.
I remember in 2001 I was living somewhere very, very, very, very different from where I was in 2002.
This show would not have happened with where I was living in 2001.
Yeah, it was definitely 2002. So it is our 12th birthday.
But yeah, that's how you know you're getting old.
The show is almost in height.
Oh, wait. Shane's making a cameo on the show.
Hi, Shane. How's it going?
Fine.
Yeah, that's right. What did you say about the show?
It's almost in high school.
It is junior high this year.
Yeah, it's going to get beat up.
Why? Why would you beat up our show?
Because it's such a nerd.
All right, wait. Real quick though, Shane.
Now the nerd kids are cool though.
Real quick, Shane. Tonight is all about E3.
So real, real quick thoughts on the show.
Just to be honest, I was a little bored with it.
There were a few surprises that were awesome.
I think I expected more, especially after last year was just kind of like a blowout.
This year seemed really tame and they just played it a little conservatively for my taste.
And Konami having two games at their booth, two? That's just sad.
I mean, my roots, they hurt right now.
I know, I know. All right. Anyhow, thanks for popping in there.
We have so much more news to get to, so we need to get to it.
Let's start off with some rapid fire news. Loki.
All right, so starting things off, not only did they announce, was it Rise of the Tomb Raider,
but they also had Lorecroft and the Temple of Osiris, which is a brand new game
kind of along the lines of the Guardian of Light.
I don't know if it's an exact sequel to it. I guess it is a sequel.
It's going to be available, I want to say, probably on the digital storefronts.
And basically saying, hey, you know what?
We got a lot of positive reception regarding Guardian of Light.
And we figured, let's go ahead and create another one.
And not really sure what they've changed.
I guess a four-player co-op now, so that's kind of cool, because I think the first one was only two.
And yeah, no real time frame, though, when it's expected out, though.
I'm guessing since everything seems to have been 2015, that that's probably going to be 2015.
Because right now, they are saying the release date is coming soon.
That's a safe assumption, then.
Although, to be fair, if it is going to be ready relatively soon,
they could do it as part of the summer of Arcade that they do every year.
So maybe if it's close to being done, it could be coming out in the early part of August.
I guess we'll have to wait and see, then.
Also, Alienware, they had a console that they were showing off.
It's not necessarily a console, more it was originally going to be a Steam box.
But now that that whole delay on the Steam controllers being available,
they've kind of converted it into its own PC that hooks up next to your TV.
It's going to cost $550.
It comes with an Xbox 360 wireless controller, as well as a fourth-generation Intel Core i3, as well as CPU.
They're saying that it's going to have a custom NVIDIA Maxwell GPU with 2GB of RAM,
500GB SATA3 hard drive, Bluetooth, Ethernet, and it's going to have Windows 8.1, as well.
HDMI, all that fun stuff.
I don't know how powerful that is, but for $549, that's pretty reasonable, at least.
But, I don't know, I wouldn't buy one.
I'd rather build my own. It'd probably be a lot cheaper, anyways.
All right. Well, speaking of Steam consoles, guess what?
Civilization V is now available for Steam OS, as well as Linux.
So, you know, I love me some Civ games, and Civilization V is now available on those platforms.
It's also on sale, up to 75% off some of the other bundles as well, even though those bundles don't necessarily work.
I got that bundle. Was it the Humble Bundle that they had, the E3 Ticket one?
They had a bunch of random shit in it, but it has Civ III in there.
Oh, does it? That's pretty cool.
Except Civ III, in my opinion, is the weakest one out of the whole series.
Yeah, whatever. I only paid a dollar. I didn't want to get the Mortal Kombat arcade collection.
It's still like ice cream. It's still pretty good, even if it's a bad flavor.
All right. Also, I just wanted to quickly give a shout-out. At some point in the show,
we were able to see a presentation involving Civilization Beyond Earth at E3,
and I gotta say, I'm really liking how that game's shaping up.
It looks really good. I mean, it's running on a high-end PC, which has come a long way since Civ V was first developed.
So yeah, I'm really excited about that.
They have some new little features there, like some squares will have poison gas.
The tech tree's very different looking.
You can launch satellites that will change how some squares in a certain area react,
like giving combat bonuses or being able to see different things.
So yeah, I'm definitely interested in picking up Civ Beyond Earth.
That was pretty cool to see at E3.
Also, one thing that is not so cool to happen after E3 is getting laid off.
Now, luckily, we all are invested in this very company that we do our program on,
so we don't have to worry about things like that. We also all have our own individual day jobs.
But for some people to make a living off of video game media, this is a pretty shitty time to get laid off,
the day after E3.
And yep, three-quarters of the staff, they're saying, at game trailers were laid off.
This is because digital content distributor Defy Media acquired some of these companies from Viacom,
and now three-quarters of them have been laid off.
Various tweets going off from some of the staff who have been let go.
Best of luck to you guys as you find employment elsewhere.
That is a really shitty time to do that.
Thanks for all your hard work during E3. Here's your severance check.
Womp, womp.
DarkSagra.
Well, on other news, there have been some announcements made for Final Fantasy XIV.
That is super happy stuff.
First of these are job classes coming out. One of them is Rogue, which, super cute, especially with the kitty girls.
The other one is Ninja, which, duh.
Although, I didn't see anything about the gun class that we kept hearing about.
Did you see anything about that?
Not at this time.
Another thing is that marriage is coming up, well, not marriage, eternal bonding ceremonies.
But it can go, it's not bound by race, creed, or gender.
So, you can get hitched to whoever you want to and have a messy divorce just like everyone else.
It should be noted that was a change in policy from what was originally stated for Final Fantasy XIV,
that the marriage would be limited to the opposite gender.
And, you know, very cool shift in what they did there.
Kudos.
Also, about personal housing, they're supposed to be coming through in 2.3.
Well, the personal chambers will be introduced in 2.3, but the housing will come in 2.3.8.
And more emotes, like slapping people.
Yay. Come over here so I can slash slap you.
And you know what? How about-
Slash bite me.
I want a bite me emote where you just smack your butt.
Bite my ass.
And then, um, this one's stupid.
They're doing Final Fantasy VII G-Bike.
And I watched some of it and, you know, that was actually my least favorite part of Final Fantasy VII,
was when you race the bike and play Road Rash.
I don't like Road Rash. That's Dan's game.
I'm like, the fuck, Cloud? I don't- No!
No, stop. And I don't want to play a whole game of nothing but that crap.
Just give me a remake.
Well, what if I do want to play a whole game full of that crap?
Well, you can play a whole game full of that crap. It's coming.
I don't have to waste my money on it.
Fair enough.
No crap for me, thank you.
Alright. Well, let's get to some, hopefully, non-crap answers in our Fugu Question of the Week.
It's not here, Google.
Like you guys would ever give crappy answers. Come on, you guys are great.
Alright, we are going to get to the Fugu Question of the Week, where we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
You take those words, you throw them together, you get Fugu.
Alright, here it is. And, of course, we asked about E3.
What is the one piece of news you were most excited about this week and why?
I tried to keep things positive.
You know, there's a lot of people that sit there and go,
Oh, fuck E3. Fuck all these trailers. I'm fucking bored.
F- to everybody. This year sucks. Gaming sucks.
And there's some people I kind of look at and go,
Why are you playing video games? Video games are supposed to be fun.
Clearly, they're not fun for you. Please leave.
Go do something fun. Maybe camping is fun for you. I don't know.
But anyway, so to keep things positive, I wanted to know what were people getting excited about with E3 this year.
So, let's go to Google Plus first tonight.
ActDeaf says, This might come as a surprise to all of you, but I was really excited to see the new Kirby game.
What? Huh? Get out.
Yeah, ActDeaf, excited about a Kirby game.
Seriously, though, Kirby Canvas Curse is one of my favorite of the series,
and seeing its successor is quite great, especially for the Wii U.
Flaco Jones says, The one game I was most excited to see was LittleBigPlanet 3,
but the company who surprised me most was Nintendo,
and the number of titles they announced was Splatoon and the Yoshi game topping my list.
Travis H. replied and said, Uncharted 4, A Thief's End, FTW.
That means for the win, just in case you didn't know.
Fabrice A. replied over on Facebook and said,
I like the surprise Rainbow Six Siege game Ubisoft showed at the end of their conference.
Looked like a decent, solid game. Simple, but with a lot of tactics involved.
KJ replied and said, I was interested in what Nintendo had to say in their announcements,
and wow did they deliver. Every game announced is exclusive to Nintendo hardware.
Andy R. said, Final Fantasy Type Zero. Kinda wish it was on Vita.
Feels like it should have been since it was originally a PSP game, but I'll buy it regardless.
Redertainment said, Given that US Open is currently being held and my history playing the franchise,
I was most excited by the news about EA Sports PGA Tour.
Given the development of the golf club and the failure to deliver on a product this year,
I'll be watching the development of this game very closely.
Yes, Redertainment, but does it have Ninja Golf?
Does it? Do you fight a dragon when you get to the hole? Do you? Do you?
Alright, uh...
It's possible that you might in like the next EA... was it PGA Tour game?
Why would they do that? You never know.
They have like fantasy courses in there. There was one they showed off that was Battlefield.
They had like an aircraft carrier crashing into an island, so yeah maybe.
When was the last time we had like an Uber like miniature golf game?
I like miniature golf games.
We need to do the Golfland Tour.
I... I...
No seriously, we do the courses in Roseville, then we move on to Milpitas, then we move on to Sunnyvale, then you know...
And then we have a sad at how they've all deteriorated over the past ten years.
We go find where Arcade Infinity used to be and cry.
We'll try to play what's left of the courses at the mine shaft.
Like a furniture store.
And the place that's like that horrible little hole in the wall that's tucked away.
Oh, the Sunrise one? Yeah, it's like where they store police swap vehicles now.
That place closed.
But they had a Para Para machine for the longest time.
I'm not gonna let it stop me.
That place closed like four years ago. Where have you guys been?
Yeah, but they had a Para Para machine.
That's exactly it. They did.
And they'd be like, how'd you learn how to do them dances?
But if the holes are still there, then you can play golf.
Alright, moving on to other comments.
Our pal Jeremy from Koopa Club says,
I'm most excited for everything Nintendo announced, plus a few standouts from Xbox One,
Sunset Overdrive and the Halo Collection, and the indies, Abzu and No Man's Sky.
Jeremy, I said one thing, not five. No, I'm kidding.
Our pal Captain Spike from Game Buoys said,
Phantom Dust, the return of an incredibly underrated, superbly designed game.
I hope this time it finds the audience it deserves.
Haters are unstylish and poorly educated.
Did you like that, Jamie? Are you gonna use that in a sentence?
Haters are unstylish and poorly educated.
Yes.
Our pal Ian, also from Koopa Club, said,
Zelda having more of a spotlight than the mainstay series.
A lot of talk about the character shown in the Zelda,
because some people thought it was actually Zelda as the hero,
but in fact, it is Link. Just a very different looking Link.
It looked exactly like Link. I don't know what p-
They just don't remember what Link looked like.
It's been so long.
It's like, dude, that is totally Link. I don't understand how you can mistake that.
He looks so fan of him, though. Yes, he always has. So, come on.
Ronnie B says, I guess knowing Mirror's Edge is still alive and seems well invested in.
Dar Tetsuya says, a toss-up between Zelda, which sounds like it'll be epic,
Devil's Third, which sounds like a crazy fun action shooter with online multiplayer,
and Splatoon, more multiplayer but with a neat new twist.
AZHP says, my favorite part of E3 was when Aisha Tyler took the stage
in the first five minutes of the Ubisoft conference and said,
it's 4.20 up in this bitch, and the whole audience cheered.
Apparently, everyone in the games industry is super excited for weed.
I don't know about everybody, but certainly there's a-
Some of the imagination in your games comes in cigarette form.
Anyhow, Tigerclaw says, I thought Nintendo had a pretty good presentation for E3.
There was no way anyone can top Robot Chicken after that.
I was excited that they finally announced a new Star Fox for Wii U.
Captain Toad was a bit of a surprise,
turning one of the best moments of Super Mario 3D World into a full game.
Splatoon looks like a third-person shooter that would be fun to play online.
Codename Steam looks like it could be a really cool game to play on the 3DS.
Awesome Unicorn says, I really enjoyed the presentation of Yoshi's Wooly World.
The inclusion of the yarn store and someone crocheting the prototype Amigurumi
made the entire thing feel so thoughtfully and lovingly designed.
I like that presentation, too. I love that they were in a yard store.
Or a yard store. A yarn store.
What? What?
At yard stores, do they have yard sales?
I'm going to kick you out into the yard, and good luck,
because it's like Jumanji in our backyard right now.
All right.
Ospher says, the reveal of No Man's Sky at Sony's conference.
The game looks so beautiful, especially once you took off in the ship
to get lost in a galactic dogfight before exploring other worlds.
It's new and unique, just what I was looking for at this year's E3.
Last but not least, Raginator says, the reveal that you can build decks from scratch
in constructed format in Magic 2015, which is a feature that people have been clamoring for.
Thanks for all the answers, guys.
Very interesting to see. It does seem like across the board.
Again, I don't like to pick winners and losers for E3,
but considering the situation Nintendo's been in for the last few months sales-wise,
you definitely are seeing a lot of love for Nintendo coming out of this E3.
I mean, hell, even Loki was pretty positive about Nintendo coming out of the show this year.
So, you know, props to them on a good showing.
But again, I don't think anybody else was bad.
I just think everybody had room for improvement,
but everybody did what they needed to do as well.
So it was an exciting year to be a gamer, I think.
All right, I am going to let Loki touch on the other two conferences,
but can we go back to Sony a moment?
Because I want to talk about, I got to play Project Morpheus,
and it was a very kind of chance thing.
And I got to say, I'm going to be honest with you guys and up front about something,
you know, kind of peel back the curtain a little bit.
I try very hard in the commentating I do on video games.
I don't know if I like to call myself a games journalist because I don't get paid to do this.
This is really a hobby, but we love to commentate.
But even so, I try very hard to make sure I'm impartial.
And, you know, I do call companies out sometimes in a constructive manner when I feel it's needed,
and I try to do that equally for everybody.
But I also fanboy a lot over a lot of stuff from a variety of different companies
because I love video gaming.
But I got to say, coming out of this E3, the Lord is testing me.
Because to put things into perspective, I had kind of a mixed thing with Nintendo.
I met some very nice people that worked in Nintendo, and that was really cool.
But at the same time, I know Bobby was trying to get some answers to questions,
and they gave him a very like, no, you're not media.
You need to have an appointment to ask these questions.
You know, you need to stop asking questions and, you know, so this whole thing.
Whereas some of the questions that our users were answering,
Nintendo had no problem answering for other outlets just a day or two later.
So that was a little irritating there.
Microsoft, we were just flat out told we weren't a big enough thing
to be able to ask the questions that we were asking.
Gee, thanks, guys.
Meanwhile, Sony, thanks to a twist of fate and, you know, kind of some of that networking
and meeting some of the guys at a VR mixer that we did,
they invited us upstairs for a private session to take a look at Project Morpheus
off the show floor in the upstairs area.
Like I said, I'm being really, really tested.
This is in addition to only being invited to the Sony conference.
I was being really tested this year.
But I still come out.
There's things I love and things I think can be better
about all the companies across the board.
So that all being said, yes, we did meet some of the guys
that are actually some of the engineers on Project Morpheus,
one of the VR mixers, and they invited us.
And I want to give a shout out to Reverend Kyle,
who does a lot of work in the VR community
and has his own like VR podcast that he works with and so forth,
was very instrumental in helping us to meet them
and invite us upstairs with him to check out Project Morpheus.
And when we got up there, I noticed the room was pretty empty,
and all they had was they had some TVs around the room
and some things set up.
One thing they were demoing was kind of like a medieval-type game,
and I think you guys saw this in the trailer,
where there was like archery and there was a dragon
and they had a PlayStation Move set up.
But the one that caught my eye was a game they actually weren't showing on the floor.
It was a game called Street Luge, or it was a demo more than anything.
You guys know the luge in the Winter Olympics, right?
When those sledders go flying down like...
Street luges.
Yeah. Well, they also have like street luges, right,
where you go down the street in the middle of traffic.
So here's how they set it up.
They had me lie down sort of in this bean bag.
They had a bean bag on the floor.
Imagine when you sit in a bean bag, what does your body do?
Your feet go out, but your back goes back slightly,
so it feels like you're in a luge, right?
So then they put the helmet on and they fit the helmet on me,
and you control the luge by moving your head left and right.
And as you move your head left and right,
your thing goes to the left and it goes to the right.
But you are going through...
Now imagine, you know, again, you've got the VR glasses on,
traffic, and you're going into oncoming traffic,
and the whole thing is you want to get behind a car
just long enough to catch its drift to increase your mileage,
but then you want to get out of the way
because you don't want to hit the car.
And then there are certain trucks that you can actually luge under them
and get even more speed that way.
And then at the very end of the course,
you like are in oncoming traffic.
But you don't die or anything when you get hit.
You just lose a lot of speed.
I got to tell you, that whole sensation of lying in the beanbag with my feet out,
doing this luge thing with the VR headset was pretty fucking cool.
And this is just one tech demo.
I mean, it was like a two-minute tech...
It wasn't like a full-fleshed game.
I don't see this as something that's going to be like $50,
a thing that moves the Morpheus.
But this is definitely a mini-game in Wii Sports.
And if the Morpheus is going to succeed,
it needs its Wii Sports, right?
Not exactly Wii Sports, but you know what I mean.
It needs its definitive game that tells people they need a Morpheus.
Watch him get an X Games license.
The other kind of neat thing about the Morpheus,
and I think a lot of people aren't really talking about this,
but it's some of the behind-the-scenes things that happen
because it's not just the glasses that talk to the PlayStation camera,
although that's a big part of it.
That's how it knew if I was moving my head left or right, right?
Because the glasses emit the light, and the camera sees that light,
so I can see that.
But what's cool is that the glasses tie into a separate box.
That box has a separate GPU and a separate processing,
so that it actually isn't taking all that oomph away from the PlayStation 4,
because what that means is that what's being shown on the screen,
on the television, is what I'm seeing in glasses,
just in the TV format.
So other people sitting in the room see exactly what I'm seeing,
just I'm seeing it in a very different, very real manner.
And I've got to say, that feeling of going the 100 miles an hour
as you're gaining speed or whatever in the street,
it was really, really cool.
It was an effective freaking demo, I've got to say.
So, yeah, I got to try Oculus, too.
I played a game called Eve Valkyrie with the Oculus,
and that was a cool experience, too.
VR is coming, you guys.
This is all about what is going to be that game.
If Sony can find its Wii Sports,
it's going to have a heck of a package here in this thing.
Because, yeah, I mean, you could pass around this glasses or whatever
at parties, and people can kind of take their turns doing things,
and everybody can watch them do their thing,
because the PlayStation 4 is going to be able to render it on the screen
while this little box controls what's being rendered on the Morpheus.
And?
It's not that whole split image thing you see when you see Oculus streams.
And you'll be able to stream it, because?
Yes, that's a huge thing, too.
You'll be able to stream it, because the PlayStation 4 streams to Twitch.
I don't know if the camera can shoot you and do the detection.
I mean, I didn't ask that question.
Probably could.
I don't see why it couldn't.
So you'll be able to watch live streams of people on Twitch
playing these VR Morpheus games and getting all into it and stuff.
It's going to be interesting.
But, again, what is that game?
These tech demos are cool and all,
but tech demo, you know, a $200, $300 accessory.
I'm making those numbers up. I have nothing to go off of.
I'm wondering if we'll see this next holiday, 2015.
I don't know. I don't know.
I mean, obviously, if they're showing it at E3 now,
they're getting closer and closer.
And, you know, these demos could be mini games in a larger collection.
So that was my, I mean, I got to play the street luge thing twice.
I got to kind of see the archery thing and the fighting the dragon
and the cool thing with the move where you would swing the controller
around in a circle above your head,
and that's the mace that you're spinning around
getting ready to attack the dummy with, like really neat little things like that.
But, again, is that going to be a game that convinces the soccer mom
to buy a $300 PlayStation 4 accessory for her family
or, you know, gamer dad to buy one for his family
or college kid to save up the money and buy one for his dorm room?
You know, is it going to have that game? I don't know.
But I got to say, as far as the technology goes,
you cannot, I'm sorry to say, you cannot judge these VR things
until you've tried them. You have to try them.
Whether it be Morpheus, whether it be Oculus, whether it be whatever,
you got to try this for yourself.
It's a really neat sensation.
So that was my time with the Morpheus,
and big thanks to the guys at Sony for inviting us up there to take a look,
even though we might be a small company.
All right. Let's see.
Oh, I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, the real losers of E3 were our bank accounts and wallets.
Oh, yeah, sort of.
SSJ100Matt says, so I have to ask, Rift versus Morpheus,
which parts of each did you like?
Ooh, that is such a tough question.
You know, now that we know Facebook is acquiring Oculus,
I don't know if it's going to be just for games.
I think games are going to be a big feature and an important feature,
but I think they're going to do a lot of other stuff with it, too,
whereas with the Morpheus, you know, you have all that dedicating,
processing stuff for games.
It is a gaming device.
I don't see them doing necessarily a lot of other stuff with this.
It is like PC versus console.
Many households have both.
There's room for both in the industry,
and I kind of think that's what it boils down to.
As far as the whole, like, how did it look, they looked very similar to me.
I mean, the look inside, that whole part didn't really change.
What was different were the types of demos I was playing.
So it's just going to be very interesting to see what the different,
you know, console versus PC can bring to the table.
I think it's too soon.
Excuse me.
I have the hiccups.
Live Radio Guy's worst nightmare.
It's too soon to tell a little bit what these consoles are really going to do
to distinguish themselves,
but I definitely see the room for them both to grow in their own different ways.
Anyway, I need to take a drink of water.
So, Loki, why don't you take us back to press conferences.
All right.
So, yeah, the press conference we had next, I believe, was EA.
I think they were first.
Yeah, EA was first.
And so they had, you know, they showed EA Sports PGA Tour,
which, like I mentioned, it's Frostbite 3,
and this time, you know, Tiger Woods being dropped from the cover.
And they're going to have some fantasy courses in there as well,
including one that they teased that was based off of Battlefield.
So they had, like, this giant aircraft carrier crashing into an island.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Cool.
And it's supposed to be, I think, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
I'm guessing early next year.
The Sims 4 coming out September 2,
and they were showing off some of the new emotions, I guess, in the game,
and you can even kill somebody with emotions.
So, neat, I guess.
Criterion teased a new game that they didn't really have a title for yet,
but it was kind of this off-road, like an off-road extreme sports type thing.
They've got, like, ATVs and jet skis and wing suits and helicopters
and stuff like that.
Looked really cool.
Kind of like a new, I don't know if it's going to be a burnout game,
but I'm pretty excited about anything they make.
Battlefield Hardline, they showed that a little bit.
That's that brand-new Battlefield game that's all about, you know,
kind of bank heists and stuff,
where you're going to have, you know, the criminals and the police
and the whole thing along with that.
And, you know, Levolution stuff is still, you know, in there.
They showed off Mirror's Edge a little bit.
They kind of did, like, I don't really know.
It's more concept art and concept gameplay.
They didn't really show off anything, you know, final.
They teased a little bit of Star Wars Battlefront, you know,
and did a little bit of the concept art for that.
They showed, you know, concept art and stuff for Mass Effect,
you know, the next Mass Effect game.
They haven't really said much about it.
And then, you know, showed off trailers for NHL 15 and FIFA 15,
which looked pretty nice.
And those are both out in September.
Now, Dark Soccer, I'm sure you have some opinions
on the BioWare portion of this press conference.
Thank you for showing us your tech demo,
which, I mean, at this point I didn't expect them to have anything,
oh, playable this, okay, yeah, you have a Krogan yelling.
Yeah, you've given us the same lines you gave us for Mass Effect 3.
And also they had some, you know, footage of Dragon Age Inquisition.
Oh.
Now that I'm excited about.
So, I think the reality just has to set in, though, Dark Soccer,
that Mass Effect is looking more and more like a spring 2016 title.
Yeah.
Fine.
They do have that other new IP they're working on,
which, you know, we knew that was happening,
but we didn't know a lot about it, except that it's contemporary, apparently,
is the only thing that was really slipped in there.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
It's too soon to tell.
Like, that whole seemed to be like a bone, not so much for the gamers,
but maybe, I guess, investors or something like that.
It's being worked on.
What was it I told you before the show?
Promises or lies until they happen?
That's right.
If wishes and musts were clusters of nuts, we'd all have a bowl of granola.
Well, and there's also The Sims, where, you know,
I was seeing some of the stuff about moving houses around,
and, you know, apparently, woohoo is a skill.
Okay.
Interesting.
It's more of the same.
I'm probably gonna play it once the modding community catches up
and makes everything pretty, and not just that crappy, weird style
that all The Sims stuff does.
You know, this is the problem I have with EA and The Sims,
and I guess whatever's left of Maxis, you know, behind it.
If the fan community is doing this, why don't you do that, too,
and make it look like, apparently, how the fan community wants it to?
You can get really, really, really good textures if you put some effort into it.
The game will run it.
Try it out.
I just wonder what songs are gonna be ruined in Simlish.
Can't wait to see that.
I don't know. Some of the Simlish ones are funny.
All right.
Anything else on EA's conference, guys?
Mirror's Edge.
That's pretty much it, I think.
I mean, Battlefield Hardline looks interesting.
It looks more exciting than what they've got for Grand Theft Auto V's heists.
So, I don't know. It'll be interesting.
Although, I'm a little hesitant, just because of all the crappy netcode
that they had for Battlefield 4.
You know, it's gonna be one of those wait-and-see things.
Right.
I hope they learn their lesson.
Tigerclaw, the point of The Sims is not to be fucking realistic.
The point of The Sims is to have them die.
Well, now, wait a minute, Dark Soccer.
Everybody plays the game differently.
What if somebody wants to see a realistic representation of themselves in the game?
Then don't play The Sims.
I mean, you can have a job as a ghost catcher.
You can have a job as a ghost catcher.
The Sims is-
You can have alien babies.
The Sims is similar to Tomodachi Life in that regard for me,
where it's like, here's the fan fiction version of your life.
Does that make sense?
This is your fan fiction life.
Eating watermelons does not guarantee a boy.
Apparently, if you eat a certain fruit, like right before you're about to give birth,
then you have a baby of a particular gender.
I had no idea.
I wanna know if I eat a watermelon-apple hybrid, if I will have a hermaphrodite.
Maybe.
That would be awesome, and then my kid could just decide to be whatever.
There you go.
Moving on.
Anything else for EA's conference?
No.
Alright.
One more to do.
How about Ubi?
Ubisoft.
Of course, they had Aisha Tyler hosting again.
They showed off some more footage for games that were in other conferences,
including The Division.
They showed off more Assassin's Creed Unity.
They showed The Crew, which looks interesting.
That's actually coming out this year now.
They're gonna have a closed beta, I guess, July 23rd,
and it reminds me a little bit of that one game, Fuel,
where you can drive across country, except not as boring,
but you're apparently gonna drive from the east coast to the west coast.
Granted, it's not an exact representation of the entire United States.
It's very kind of summarized.
But they've got that where you can play that.
Almost looks a little bit like Forza Horizon in that sense,
where you can kind of just drive wherever you want.
So very cool looking.
They showed off some stuff for Just Dance 2015.
They also announced this Just Dance Now app that's gonna be available for smartphones.
And the way it works is if you have a device that's like a smart device
that you can stream content to, apparently you pull up a certain website,
link it with your phone, and then you pick your song on your phone,
and you kind of dance with what's on the screen,
and your phone picks up the movements,
and you can actually play Just Dance that way.
I thought the tech was interesting.
Not necessarily a game I'd play, but it's a neat idea.
So I give them credit there.
They have a new fitness game called Shape Up,
which looked like kind of a bunch of, like a cross between,
like a Kinect sports type game and the Wii Fit stuff,
where it's a bunch of mini games that get you exercising.
They are kind of goofy.
And then the last little tease that they had,
oh, they showed some more Far Cry gameplay,
including that you can do co-op in it,
and at least on PlayStation 4.
I'm not sure if it's on Xbox One or the other systems,
but if you have a friend that doesn't have a copy of the game,
they still will be able to play co-op with you
without owning a copy of the game.
I forgot about that little tidbit.
That was quite a neat little piece of information, wasn't it?
That's like something we haven't seen since like the DS.
You know, where you can like beam Mario Kart to your friend,
but they can only play a Shy Guy type of thing?
Yeah, so it was interesting.
And then the last little tease that they had was Rainbow Six Siege,
which is, I guess, a brand new,
I'm not really sure what the premise of it is,
other than like SWAT teams are rescuing hostages and stuff like that.
And so they had, you know, the mode they're shown.
One person, you know, one team was the hostage takers,
and the other ones were, you know, kind of the SWAT team.
And very dynamic as far as like you can blow holes in the walls
and stuff like that in the house,
and you kind of attack from different entry points and stuff.
Looked interesting. I don't know.
A little bit different for Rainbow Six series.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com,
TigerClaw says, you know what was missing at the Ubisoft press conference?
They didn't announce a new Rayman game.
You know, that's a good point.
There was a lot of rumble about a Prince of Persia game
that was supposed to use the Rayman.
That didn't come to light.
Well, they also have that World War II game.
Oh, yeah, there was that.
The Ubi artist thing.
I don't remember what it was called, though,
but it had the dog in it before.
I think it was World War II or World War I.
It looked kind of interesting.
Yeah, kind of got the feels going at the conference.
So they had that, and then they did have some rabid stuff that they didn't show.
They have an interactive TV show that's supposed to be coming out,
along with, I think, their TV show that they have currently.
I'm not really sure.
They didn't really announce too much about that.
So overall thoughts on Ubi's conference?
They have some good games coming.
There wasn't anything that really...
The last few years, Ubisoft seemed to have the best...
Valiant Hearts.
Thank you.
Ubisoft had the strongest conference, I thought, the last couple of years.
They showed off some really impressive games,
but they didn't show off too much new stuff this year.
I think maybe some of that is because they showed it off at other...
The other three had stuff from them,
so maybe it wasn't that big of a deal.
But I don't know.
They have some pretty strong games coming.
Far Cry looks awesome.
Assassin's Creed looks awesome.
I'm kind of interested in the crew game.
Rainbow Six Siege might be interesting.
And definitely The Vision looks neat.
So they have some pretty cool games coming,
but there wasn't anything really surprising.
The only thing that was annoying, though,
was how long they went on with some of the things like the Shape-Up demo.
The Shape-Up demo was so long.
It just drug on and on.
That was the problem with some of these demos.
It's like, okay, we get it.
Okay, we get it.
Stop.
All right.
Well, there it is.
That's all the big press conferences
and kind of our little take on it and you guys in our chat room.
Again, if you have further thoughts on something maybe we didn't touch on,
be sure to email us for a future show.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Speaking of emails, I think now is a good time to get into the mail bag.
So we'll have Dark Soccer open up that mail bag,
and then we'll close out maybe, Loki,
if there's a couple other things you want to touch on news-wise
that maybe doesn't have to do with any of the press conferences,
we can talk about some of those.
So let's get to it.
And then we'll open up for some calls at 1-877-GAMELR
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But let's have Dark Soccer dive into the email bag.
Every week you guys send us emails to participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
because you want to participate, right?
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com,
and Dark Soccer will pick out some emails that she enjoys
or that she hates and wants to call you out on air.
Dark Soccer, what's in the mail bag tonight?
First one. There's four of them.
What's up, Orange Lounge?
What's up?
I was just responding in kind.
The 555 show is great. Lots of good E3 prep. Thanks much.
This person really likes ellipses.
This week's question is a little different and definitely silly.
If you could get down and dirty with any one superhero from the Marvel Universe,
who would it be and how would you ask them out?
Make sure Allen knows this question is posed specifically for hypothetical single Rob,
so Allen can't get mad.
Take it easy, gang. EA skeezy.
Allen wouldn't care. He thinks this question.
Allen's in the kitchen right now and probably thinks this question is funny.
Oh, here he comes. Uh-oh. Uh-oh, here comes Allen.
You want to say something to this emailer?
It's Marvel, right? Yeah.
If Chris Evans' Steve Rogers asked you out, I'd be like,
I'm not. I wouldn't even be mad.
You'd go on right ahead.
Like, yeah.
Getting jealous or angry? No.
Not when it's Chris Evans.
See? Nothing to worry about. Nothing to worry about.
Good answer, by the way. Can I just take that answer?
Don't sleep with Quicksilver because it'll be over really fast.
No.
While I really have no leanings,
I'd actually have to go with Wolverine for one reason.
Experience. Lots and lots of experience.
How about Colossus from X-Men?
In Ultimate Universe, he is gay.
Oh, that's right. Perfect.
Loki? I have no idea. I don't even follow comics anymore, so
I don't fucking know who anybody is.
I can't even think of like...
X-Men? Is he? No, I don't watch the X-Men movies now.
Alright, alright. I don't know.
Any of the slutty looking ones.
I'll pick any of them. I mean, honestly, I don't even think it's...
As long as it's maybe not She-Hulk because that could be weird, but like, you know,
it doesn't really matter.
Maybe not like Rogue because I don't want to die, but you know,
anybody else, you know, I'm sure.
I'm pretty impartial of it. It doesn't matter.
I do have a number two, by the way.
That would be Carol Danvers.
Because, oh my god. Hot.
Thank you for your question.
Weirdo.
Next email.
Yeah.
Hey, OLR peeps.
I hope you're all doing well, especially after all your running around at E3.
I came across the VOG Network after starting my new job late last year
and have been hooked ever since.
Orange Challenge Radio, the Bobby Black Wolf Show, and Horde House
are, in my opinion, the best castes out there,
so I thought I'd make an effort to write in and let you know
how much your listeners appreciate what you do.
Thank you.
Yes, thanks.
Anyway, the last week you were chatting about listeners around the world,
so it seemed like the right time to give you a shout-out
from the land Titanfall forgot, South Africa.
Not that that stopped most of us from playing Titanfall, anyway.
Pausing here. We need a map of the world
so we can start pinning where we're getting calls from.
You know, Miss Victoria was here yesterday.
I can't remember if she was on the show before.
I think she was on one episode of OLR a long time ago,
and she said there's a blank spot in our new studio right there.
There is.
So I think we should get a map of the world.
And corkboard.
As a rental, you don't want to put holes in the wall.
Well, you should see one of our bedrooms because there's holes everywhere.
But anyway, yeah, you're right.
We'll get a corkboard map of the world thing and put the little pins in it,
and so we'll put one in South Africa.
Okay. But we didn't know. We didn't get what town.
I mean, I could just assume it's Johannesburg
because that's the only town, you know, but maybe somewhere else.
There is more to South Africa than Johannesburg.
I know, but that's the only one I ever hear about.
Being a South African online, you wouldn't believe the comments
I get from other foreign players.
So I'm going as far as asking if we have electricity down here in South Africa,
to which I can only facepalm and tell them the only story they'd believe,
that we have lions running on a treadmill somewhere to power everything.
My mind goes to Mean Girls and that scene.
But if you're from Africa, why are you white?
You just can't ask people.
You just can't ask people why they're white.
I haven't even seen that movie and I know that line.
You don't have to see Mean Girls to be able to quote it effectively.
I need to see it though.
Do they have Mean Girls in South Africa?
You should ask the lion to generate that for you.
Tell us what part.
Actually though, I watched a good number of series about what people go through
in some of the poorer parts of South Africa.
It's actually pretty crazy.
Even while things have been supposed to be improved after apartheid ended,
there's some places that really I think could use some charitable touches.
So anyway, moving forward.
I've heard a lot of these comments in my day online.
Things like, do you ride elephants to school?
Are all of you black?
Do you have a pet lion? And so on.
I was wondering if any of you had to deal with an online stereotypes
or if you believe in online stereotypes and if so, what are they?
All the best and keep up the good work, Screeze.
Well, I'm a woman so I got told to get off the radio and make a sandwich
by some shit on Digg.
Well, what was the last time Digg has been brought up?
I think that just wrapped itself up there.
Exactly.
Although that wasn't, to be fair, it wasn't the site's fault.
It was some jackass commenter.
Well, being a gay gamer certainly comes with stereotypes of its own, right?
Like I think some people expect me to come out here and go,
oh my God, it's E3.
You know, that whole, you know, okay, Hante mama, yes.
You know, no.
I like RuPaul's Drag Race. Don't get me wrong. It doesn't mean I live it.
So certainly there's those stereotypes.
Loki, what's your...
Do you sit in your underwear and scratch your butt while playing Battlefield?
Yeah, I was going to say, Loki, as a straight white male waspy guy
who plays video games, what stereotypes do you face?
I don't face any stereotypes.
I am the stereotype.
I just saw the best conversation in chat, by the way.
Was that?
Bobby Singh, people assume my race based off my gamertag,
and Kaijuto asks, they think you're a wolf?
I think it's Native American is what he's getting at.
Well, as far as Black Wolf's name goes.
But I still thought they'd think...
We actually had that conversation over this week.
Something about gamertags, and I said something about your,
it sounds, your name, Bobby Black Wolf, sounds like it's Native American.
But as you guys know, that's not his real name,
just as Rob Roberts is not my real name, shock and awe.
So, anyway.
And Jamie Summers isn't her real name either.
I'm really not the Bionic Woman, y'all.
And guess what? Loki isn't his real name.
But, true facts, I was named after the Bionic Woman.
I know. That's an awesome story.
Was that it for the South Africa email?
Oh, yeah. For that one, yeah.
Thank you for the email. That was very nice.
Yes, thank you.
We're going to get a map in.
Tell us where you're from so we can put a pin,
other than South Africa, because that's really generic.
Hey, OLR crew.
Last week you all put out for the call for people who went to the event
to watch Sony's E3 press conference in a movie theater.
We did? Oh, yeah.
We did.
We went and figured I'd give some impressions
and an email for Dark Sakura to wade through.
Oh, thank you.
Ooh, gold star for this person already.
You get a stale Twinkie.
A gold Twinkie award.
We bronzed a Twinkie for you.
It's been in the deep fryer.
By the way, one of our, the guy who was behind Atari Party,
his Jaguar died.
So he's like, I don't know what I should do with it.
I was like, bronze it.
You can then be the only person to have a bronze Jaguar.
Anyway.
Got there and was given a badge with a code on the back
that ended up being good for Destiny and Battlefield betas
plus $5 a PSN credit.
On the plus side of the event it was awesome
to get to see some of the trailers on the big screen.
Some of the more cinematic trailers like the Phantom Pain trailer
during the conference were great on the big screen
and with the full sound system.
There's also some extra content after the normal stream,
mostly consisting of developer interviews focused on Destiny and No Man's Sky.
On the down side, it may have just been my theater.
The internet connection was on and off.
We had some serious artifacting on the stream
and the stream dropped once or twice.
The sound system was bad for non-trailer stuff.
Audio, such as normal speech from the presenters,
was not really geared to the theater sound systems.
Another downside was not being able to tweet snarky comments during it.
I didn't want to be the ass with his phone out in the dark theater.
Well, I appreciate you. Thank you.
PS is a side note about all the journalism and Twitter comments I'm reading during E3.
Can we stop caring about who did or didn't win E3?
Thank you. Oh my god, thank you.
You get two Twinkies.
Gamers won E3. One of them isn't stale, by the way.
It's deep fried.
Gamers won E3, in my opinion.
As a PS4 Wii U Vita 3DS owner,
I saw games that I want to play coming on all those platforms.
That's all I care about.
And I'm going to say that's from Andrew R.
Well, a gold Twinkie for you.
That was a very good report. Thank you.
You know what's funny, and let me tell you some differences
between what I'm reading or hearing from your email
and the experience of actually being there in the actual facility
where the conference was taking place.
The artifacting happened during the Batman thing.
That actually happened in the theater for us too.
And we thought, or at least I did at first,
and the guy sitting next to me thought it was intentional
because of the whole way the Scarecrow broke in right after that.
I thought, oh.
In the theater, we all kind of did that whole,
oh shit, it broke, oh shit.
But then the Scarecrow came up and we were like,
oh, okay, oh, get it, oh, I get it.
That was a joke. Oh, okay.
But it sounds like that actually wasn't supposed to happen.
It just happened at, I guess, a decent time to kind of get away with it.
But yeah, so they had some problems there in the theater as well.
But all the sound was fine for us.
I will say this though, you guys got all that stuff,
like the VIP badge and the PlayStation Now codes and all that stuff.
They didn't give that out of the conference.
We didn't get any of that stuff.
So you guys got some extra stuff in the theater.
To be fair though, they did hand out the PlayStation Now codes
at E3 on the floor, so we did get our chance eventually.
Yeah, none of this other stuff you're talking about.
Was that it for e-mails, Star Sakura? Was that four?
There's one more.
Oh, one more.
I'm just making up names for everybody.
Oh, okay.
Like, I said Agduff's name is Fernando.
And Tigerclaw's Ivan.
Because I said so.
Can you hear the drums, Fernando?
I almost bought Sing Star Abba last night because it was five bucks.
Buying Sing Star Abba is always the right thing to do.
But I didn't because I bought a book instead.
And Dan got his multi-card.
Fuck your book.
You know what?
Read a fucking book and maybe you're-
Listen to some Abba.
Read a fucking book and your vocabulary will be more than 2,000 words, Rob.
Listen to some-
They consist of fuck shit cock.
Listen to some Abba and you'll be more glamorous, Star Sakura.
Bitch, I'm fabulous.
All right, I got nothing. Next e-mail.
Dear OLR Gang,
Although I'm not generally vocal about social justice in video games-
Oh, next. No, kidding.
I have been attempting to watch the industry with a more critical eye
since these issues are being more openly discussed with campaigns such as
One Reason Why or Mii Quality
and videos such as Tropes vs. Women in video games.
As a result, I couldn't help but notice Nintendo's strong public showing this past week at E3
not only in regards to my personal opinion of the entire event
but also in regards to the female representation
both in their games and the human presenters, developers, and game players.
As far as games go, both Super Smash Brothers and Hyrule Warriors
presented a wide array of playable female characters
plus who prominently featured the female inklings in their promotions
and for better or for worse, Bayonetta is a game featuring not only a powerful female protagonist
who I snarkily imagine is a woman who is so much harder to animate than any female
Ubisoft refuses to put effort into animating
but also exclusively featuring a female on its box art.
Also, onto the flesh and blood side of things
the Treehouse presenters appeared to be made up of a sizable number of women
there were female developers featured demoing during the Treehouse streaming round tables
and the Super Smash Brothers Invitational Tournament featured
a nearly equal amount of female players and celebrity guests to male.
I want to know your opinions on Nintendo's current and potential future treatment of women in games and gaming
considering their most iconic series is very frequently featured the exact type of treatment of women
that is now being criticized.
I am especially interested in your opinion on Nintendo's intention to target young female gamers
in the next demographic.
Thank you for the great show each week.
Sincerely, Awesome Unicorn.
Well, Nintendo, I mean, that was a lot of questions at the end.
That's okay though.
Nintendo does a great job, I think I can answer this one real quickly.
Nintendo does a great job of showing how easy it really is.
It's not that hard, people.
It's not that hard.
And Nintendo does do a really good job of creating great characters.
And it took them a while to get there, I mean, right?
You go to some of the early Nintendo games and it still kind of fell into that rub
but you really have seen where Nintendo's kind of grown in.
Yes, we want to reach all types of gamers including the young females
so we have a lot of strong characters from all over the spectrum.
I would still argue, like I said earlier in the show,
they have some things to learn when it comes to sexuality and so forth
but they're moving in the right direction
so okay, I'm not going to get all Tumblr on you.
I like that you said that.
Anyway, the whole other thing too
is that they really are getting away from the damsel in distress trope.
Like, I mean, just look at Twilight Princess.
While, yes, the character of Midna, not my cat,
was in a position where she needed to ask help of the main character,
she was also right along there with him and did her part.
She was weakened because of something, not because of being a woman.
And so that was pretty rad to me.
I do like that they're bringing in some of the various princesses, goddesses, and Smash Brothers
and having them still be pretty and kicking ass
but I think we need to see more.
If they want to target the young girls, it should be in a role that isn't necessarily frilly or cutesy or pretty.
It needs to be in a role of capability.
Bayonetta?
Well, no, that's not for young girls.
Very true, very true.
But I'm saying, cooking mama's great, but mama needs to also have some other jobs.
Well, she gardens.
That's gardening grandma.
You guys need to see the stare I just got from Darzaka in the studio.
But anyway, to answer the question, the discussion of targeting certain people is really weird to me.
It's always been a weird thing in this industry to me.
I'm just kind of like, put things out there for the people.
But I also understand that the young girls, if we are to stereotype and generalize,
which I suppose you have to do when you talk targeting,
there's probably a lot that get really put off by the severed heads and blood and guns.
So in that regard, Nintendo, to target them, is smart.
That's just smart business at the end of the day.
Because when the rest of the gaming industry isn't speaking to them, we might be making games that are in a regard.
That's not to say there aren't some young women out there that would like to sever some heads and play the blood and gore games.
There's certainly plenty.
I love beheadings.
I'm not the one receiving them.
Did you see that Assassin's Creed Unity thing where the guy got beheaded and you see it through his eyes?
I could just hear my mother, Rob!
This is gross!
You went to LA for this?
You spent all your money going to Disneyland.
You should be saving money.
This is gross.
This is gross.
Anyway.
But to generalize again, or what you have to do when you're talking targeting, I understand that Nintendo is trying to make games for people that might feel left out otherwise.
And that's just smart.
You know what I hear when I think of demographics and targeting groups and everything?
I'm thinking you're reducing us to numbers and not respecting your customers.
That's how the market works, but that's also...
Don't get me started. That's going to be a big socio-political economic rant, so I won't go there.
We're already past midnight on the East Coast, so we've got to keep it moving.
Was that it for email, Zoe?
That was it.
If you want to send something to the mailbag, participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send us an email.
Again, that's participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Loki, any other E3 tidbits you want to touch on real quick?
I'm going to pull up my notes and see if there's any other games I want to talk to you about.
I don't remember if we mentioned this or not, but Devil's Third is now a Wii U exclusive.
The game is originally going to die a slow death, and Nintendo has decided to go the route of Bayonetta 2 where they're funding the release of it.
So that's kind of cool.
Let's see. What else?
I guess they had a portable Steam machine or someone that was shown off a prototype of.
It actually looks like a portable device that's built into a Steam controller.
They call it the Steam Boy.
Apparently, he's going to have a quad-core CPU, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB of built-in storage.
I'm not sure if they'd be able to run a lot of games on it, but you need a guess. I don't know.
One demo I saw at E3, an invite presentation, and I got to say this was not a game that was on my radar, but it is now.
I was very impressed with the preview we had for The Witcher 3.
I'm going to be honest, I haven't really played the first two games, so this was really my introduction to the series.
I definitely saw a lot of Skyrim-esque elements in it.
My understanding is that some of the combat in the first two games is really hard.
For that reason, it might not be accessible.
I didn't get a lot of answers to those concerns in the presentation we were getting.
Which, of course, when the game makers are playing the game, they make combat look easy.
But I will say it looked cool.
I'm going to tell you what really struck me about The Witcher 3 was that the art direction was really good.
We saw this scene where you had an older lady that was communicating to these spirits in this tapestry.
And she would put her hand up to the tapestry and she got possessed.
And that whole thing where her eyes would turn white and she's speaking of the three women in the tapestry through her own voice and all that.
And just the direction of that scene felt very movie-like to me.
The whole presentation of the game felt like cinema.
And that was really cool to watch.
I hope the game is as smooth for me, who might not be as good at those types of games, offhand, as it was for the person demoing it.
If so, I think there could be a really great game here for the Skyrim fans with no Fallout being announced this year either.
That could be a huge thing to fill in the gap for them.
Yeah, I was kind of surprised that they didn't have anything announced from Bethesda really, aside from their free-to-play game and then they had Doom.
But it's kind of hoping for Fallout 4.
Bethesda had a couple games that were shown off that we were able to get our hands on.
I did not get to play Battlecry, but I know Bobby did.
He was a little iffy on it because it was more of a first-person shooter.
But here's the thing about Battlecry.
It's not Team Fortress 3, but it's Team Fortress 3.
It's very heavily, it's got a lot of those types of elements in it.
Bethesda would probably frown on me saying that.
But I'm just saying, when I'm looking at it, I mean that's not a bad thing.
I love Team Fortress 2. I would love to play another game like that.
I'm kind of looking at it going, this really sounds like it's just Team Fortress 3.
But it looked really good.
But while he was playing Battlecry, I got to go play The Evil Within.
And they had that all set up with the dark room, with the headphones, and it's a scary game.
If you like your scary games, and it's another one of those games where my mother will not be happy that I'm playing it because it's very gross.
I was lighting things on fire, and you know, it was a trip.
But yeah, if you guys like your Silent Hill and Resident Evil, this game's right up your alley.
I'm also disappointed that there wasn't a new Silent Hill game.
Well, Konami's got nothing. I'm telling you, somebody's going to buy them to get those IPs.
Wait.
Anything else you want to share?
This is kind of a little funny thing. Apparently there's a brand new commercial, I actually checked it out.
A brand new commercial starring Aaron Paul from Breaking Bad.
That is turning on people's Xbox Ones, because in the commercial he is using the voice commands for the Xbox One.
And if you happen to be watching TV near your Xbox One that has the Kinect enabled on it, it is turning your system on.
And maybe possibly launching Titanfall, because that's what they do in the commercials.
It's kind of annoying people.
Yeah, I can imagine. Did you know the PlayStation has those voice commands too?
I didn't realize that until Jason was over the other day and I'm doing something on the PlayStation.
He starts fucking with me by giving those commands.
PlayStation! It comes up.
Stop it!
I don't know. I thought that was funny.
Yep.
And then...
What was it?
Mojang has released a new EULA regarding, I guess, monetization.
Basically, frowning upon private Minecraft servers that charge for in-game items or XP boosts or stuff like that.
Because you can do some plugins for Bucket and Forge and stuff where you have people donate money or something to your server and you give them perks.
That type of thing.
Well, apparently Mojang doesn't like that.
They call it free-to-play, even though it's not really free-to-play, because you can buy a copy of it.
But besides any of the updates, all that stuff is supposed to be free.
So apparently they are putting that into the EULA to prevent that, but basically frown upon it, I guess.
I definitely need to shout out some more indie games here, because I did talk about a lot of great ones around the show.
And I want to give this one a shout out, because I kind of think this one is going to be huge.
And you'll never guess where I saw this one, Loki.
In the corner of IndieCade, Ouya was there, really pushing a lot of the indie games.
And this was one of the games that was on Ouya.
So very interesting to see how they're kind of starting...
They're probably trying to think about...
They're probably getting a lot of the feedback from gamers like you who don't really see where the future is in the Ouya.
So it really seems like they're really trying to partner up with a lot of the indie developers to get things on Ouya and PC.
You know, really have an easy publishing platform.
And I've got to say, this game looked really good.
One of them that I saw, which is called Neverending Nightmares, was a game that I saw.
It's coming out Fall 2014, Windows, Macs, Linux, Ouya.
And if you guys look up this game, which you can, over NeverendingNightmares.com, the art style in this is very unique.
And it is a psychological horror game.
And it's based on the developer's struggle with mental illness.
And I actually talked to the guy who had made this game.
I'm hoping to get him on a future episode of OLR when the game is a little closer to release.
You know, it was really fascinating to talk to him and kind of hear about the game.
And kind of what caused him to make this game to help him kind of deal with what he was going through with this.
I thought that was very brave of him to basically make that,
yes, this is what the game is about. This was how I coped with mental illness.
So, I thought that was really cool. And I think this one's going to, I kind of think this one's going to blow up.
So, keep an eye on that one. Neverending Nightmares.
So, that was a very cool game.
Any other thoughts? Loki, Dark Sakura?
Let me, I'm going to go ahead and open up Skypline. 1877 Game OLR.
Or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to call and talk to us about E3, I'm going to try to make it brief tonight because we are running long.
Which, you know, usually this week does.
But if you do have a comment or something you want to say about the show, we invite your phone calls.
Please let us know. 1877 Game OLR.
Or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I did have a tiny thing to mention. Not that it's E3 related, but it's a neat looking mod.
It's a mod for Skyrim called Vendain. V-E-N-D-A-Y-N.
That basically turns the landscape into pure evil.
It just looks like this near apocalypse, medieval world. It's pretty cool.
So just thought I would mention it.
Very cool. Are you going to check that out?
I might. If I get around to playing anything.
You will, you will. Alright, let's get to some calls.
We do have a call coming in. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Rama. How is everyone doing tonight?
It wouldn't be a show without you, Rama. What's up, buddy?
But of course. I kind of want to get into this whole Ubisoft thing really quick.
Because this was something a few of my friends were talking about.
Let me just say this. I apologize now if I ruffle any feathers.
It's not meant to be.
The views and opinions expressed on the show do not necessarily reflect those of VoG or OLR Studios. Sure, go ahead.
Thank you, good sir.
I believe if you sit there and you look at a game, if it has great gameplay value,
great story, graphics, replay, all of that, great storyline.
But if the main hero of the story and the game is not a minority or this race or that creed, so on and so forth,
I don't see that as a big deal. If that's how the storyline plays, that's fine.
You've got to accept that. You just can't turn off the entire game or entire franchise because of that one thing.
Now, if the people behind this game say something along the lines of,
and you know this is what they said,
yeah, we were just too cheap to add in all these extra features so you can change your character and so forth.
That's when it's wrong. That's when it's not fair.
The fact that you can spend this much time to create the character,
you mean to tell me that the French do not have an extra million francs or however the currency is
to add in the feature or add in the ability to make your hero a heroine or this or that.
They can't do that.
I think the difference here between what you start your story with,
where you have that narrative that's like reading a book or watching a movie that's about a particular character,
that you're confined to that narrative, whatever it is.
Although one could make the argument that when you see the same type of person in that narrative over and over and over again,
we might be making progress a little bit in the gaming industry, but we have a long way to go, right?
But the real issue here was because it was the multiplayer element, I think, that came into it.
It was a little interesting that you just saw the four people who all looked the same.
That was, I think, where people kind of looked at that and went, but all people don't look all the same.
So why did you do that? Why isn't there a woman up there?
And then that was the answer we got. Well, it would be too expensive.
That was what it really boiled down to.
Yeah, pretty much, because the fact of the matter is I'm not surprised that Ubisoft said this,
because then again, we did have to wait about two years for DLC for Scott Pilgrim vs. The World of the Game.
Meanwhile, they were too busy working on Assassin's Creed.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I understand where everybody's coming from.
I mean, at that point, if you want to turn your back on the series, that's fine.
But the sad part is there's so many people that are up in arms about this.
If 100 people are up in arms saying they're not going to buy the game because of this,
another 100 people are going to roll right in and just buy the game.
Well, and you know that there's people out there that say they're not going to buy it,
but they were never really intending on buying it in the first place.
Yeah, they were just saying it, you know, to throw their voice out there, to support it.
Like, yeah, I'm down with that too, I'm down with that.
Hello, game stuff? Yeah, let me get a pre-order on that, thanks.
Yeah, that all being said, though, I kind of go back to what I said earlier.
This is a dialogue.
This is one piece of a greater dialogue that's been needing to happen in the gaming industry for some time.
And I think as these younger gamer girls that Nintendo's targeted, as we talked about earlier,
are starting to grow up and get older, a lot of them are looking back going,
this is some bullshit.
Mm-hmm.
And I think this is a dialogue that's been brewing for some time,
so it's not going to end with this E3 story.
Yeah, on a side note, and I'm going to get out of here,
a friend of mine worked for a gaming company and part of her job was translating games,
and one of the companies she translated against was a French company.
And she had to go through and tell them what was acceptable and what was not acceptable.
Now, in the game, they had a giant portable stereo.
Now, we know them as boomboxes, right?
Mm-hmm.
When they translated the game for detailing the change, what was acceptable was not acceptable,
they called the boombox a ghetto blaster.
Yeah.
I heard that term in, like, the 80s.
Yeah, but nowadays you don't want to say ghetto blaster.
Things have changed, right?
So, you know, those are words, yeah.
Yeah, so it's like, I think Ubisoft and a few other countries need to kind of get on the ball
to understand that there are certain things you can't say
and there are certain things you don't say in order to get your point across
and kind of make the people happy, you know?
And with all the money that that series has made,
I don't see a big issue of dropping another million euros to them, but you know what?
Make it a complete multiplayer, complete character customization, all this, all that.
I don't see the problem.
All right, well, Rama, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls,
but any quick other, quick, quick, quick thoughts before we let you go?
Mighty No. 9, Xbox One.
Oh, heck yeah. When's that out? Does that have a release date yet?
I don't know, but that might just be worth it for me to go down and get my Xbox One, because, yeah.
I think it's out on everything, though, like PC, and it's coming out a bunch of places.
It's not exclusive to Xbox One.
I hope not.
All right, buddy, I'm going to let you go. Take care, buddy.
All right, you too, bro.
All right, 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Lots of people trying to get in tonight, so we'll try to get to them all.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys? This is Kai Judo.
Hey, Kai Judo. What's on your mind?
Not much. I'm just going to... Wait, let me see if I can hear you. Say something again.
Hi, Kai Judo. You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
I'm just going to put my two cents in to what the previous caller just mentioned.
I'm going to make this quick so you can get to new calls.
I like that this is happening.
This is a great time in gaming that people are finally getting their voices out there
and telling these developers what they really want.
I think the main problem is that I don't think minority...
I'm a minority as well, so I'm not saying minority like you or other people or whatever.
I think that a lot of minorities, a lot of female gamers, they just don't see a balance out there.
It's not that they want to change every game.
It's not like they want to go in there and change current games into females or black males or Puerto Ricans or whatever.
We want to see games that have diversity and we want to see a balance
because right now it's just a flood of the same old stuff that's coming through.
I think that's the main issue there and that's what really needs to be addressed.
I do want to see different types of games come out with female characters, minority characters.
It can't just be Rockstar doing all this.
We've got to have other developers involved.
I like this. I like what's going on here.
I agree. I think this is good, this conversation being had.
I want to read this comment in chat.
It's from our pal Bobby Black Wolf.
I don't know if this is a tongue-in-cheek thing or what, but let me just read what's here in chat.
Black Wolf says, James Bond needs to be a black female in the next movie.
It makes me actually feel like I shouldn't do anything in life anymore since I'm a straight white male.
If I'm doing something, I'm taking that opportunity away from a minority.
Well, to clarify, I don't think anyone's saying eliminate the straight white male or let's rid games of straight white males.
The key word is diversity.
They can show some of that spotlight.
Nobody's saying, get rid of Nathan Drake, he sucks, or replace Nathan Drake.
But I think it's a lot of people saying, but it sure is refreshing when we get a Lara Croft as well.
Right. Like I was just saying earlier, we don't want to change what's currently there.
I don't want to change Bond into a black woman or a Chinese woman or anything like that.
It's just that we want to see variety in there.
I think that the same way movies are supposed to somewhat reflect what goes on in life and society,
I think games should also reflect that.
There's a lot of diverse gamers.
I get on Xbox Live, and I'm not just talking to a straight white guy.
I'm talking to a gay African guy.
I'm talking to a lesbian Russian girl.
It's all different types of people out there playing.
I think that games really need to reflect that.
There was that statistic out there that it's like, what was the headline?
Something like, there were more beheadings in the press conferences than there were women on stage.
I know you laugh, but it's kind of one of those things.
It's a sad reality.
Again, I'm not saying eliminate the men, make it all women.
I'm just saying, I thought half of the population is women.
More than half, actually.
Why aren't we getting a little closer to half?
I believe that actually the last census, or combination of census, that women actually made up 52% of the overall population.
Guys, you're the minority.
Again, I don't wish to devalue or whatever.
The gal that's the head of 343 Studios is a great person and so forth.
It's not like they're invisible, gone, not there.
But you kind of look at it and you go, yeah, this industry does seem to go one way or another.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Wasn't there a woman as the lead for the whole Assassin's Creed series?
Not that I'm saying a playable character, but the actual woman that's developing it,
the head of the entire team for the Assassin's Creed games, I thought was a woman at one time.
Yeah, that was the first one.
She stepped down or whatever.
The very first one, apparently.
Only the first one, I thought it was still the same.
And that's just what I wanted to mention.
Another thing that we have to address, I'm not sure if it was that woman.
I'm pretty sure it was her.
But that first E3 that she had prepared in where she was talking about Assassin's Creed,
she got so much hate from these, I mean, we got to assume that they were guy gamers,
but we really can't say for sure because they were hiding behind screen names.
But they gave her so much hate.
There was so much negative stuff thrown at her and a lot of other women that developed video games.
I can't remember when it was, but it was actually when I first started listening to all games.
I think it was Scott Rubin was doing a show and he had some guy on there
and he was the biggest douchebag prick I've ever heard.
I literally wanted to call him because he was such an asshole.
He was promoting some type of a comic that someone did where they were jizzing all over this girl.
You guys remember that?
I don't and I guess in that regard, I'm kind of glad I don't.
With all due respect to our friends over there.
It was awful.
He kind of chuckled about it and I'm like,
how can you even let us come back like this on the air?
I forgot what the full argument was.
You'd have to ask him about that.
It was awful, man.
Just to clarify from the chat room,
Jade Raymond was the developer there that did Assassin's Creed 1 and 2.
Thank you to the folks there in chat speaking up there.
Well, Kaijuto, a conversation that will be continuing in the industry for years to come, I'm sure.
Take care, my friend.
Alright, thanks.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Any other quickie three thoughts, Loki?
I'll check in with you.
No.
Alright.
Wrap this stuff up.
We'll do one other quick, quick, quick call and try to end things.
S2100 Matt asked in chat, did you guys meet up with Scott and try his ice cream?
We actually looked.
We found the truck and we went over there, but he wasn't there.
We weren't able to say hi.
I guess he was on a break or gone or something, but we tried.
We tried to go say hi.
Alright, let's go to the phones.
We do have another call coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Reginator.
Hey, Reginator.
How you doing?
I'm pretty good.
How about yourself?
Good.
I see you're trying to send video, but for whatever reason, we're not receiving, which
is a bummer, but I'm sure you look fabulous, as does your kitty.
Quickly, we don't have a lot of time left.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I know E3 is a big news topic of the week, rightfully so, but one topic that hasn't been
touched yet is the upcoming steam sale, presumably starting tomorrow at roughly 10 a.m. Pacific.
Because my wallet is crying out in pain that a steam sale could possibly be incoming, but
yeah, there are those rumors out there.
Well, it's not really rumor because steam pretty regularly has done these summer sales,
right?
Well, it was confirmed there was a foreign advertisement that had the steam sale dates
or something there.
Oh, boy.
It was like June 19th, I think.
And in fact, a badge has shown up in everyone's profiles, well, under profiles that's called
Mystery Badge.
Oh, interesting.
So, put two and two together.
It's coming.
But anyway, two part question.
Okay.
You kind of sort of answered part of the question.
A, are you and your wallet ready for the sale?
And also, is there anything that you're kind of sort of hoping would go on sale?
And if so, what is that game or games?
Good question.
I open it up to my lovely co-host as well.
Is there something that you hope goes on sale that you would like to buy?
And are you ready for a steam sale?
I have to look at my list.
I'm always ready for a steam sale.
Yeah.
I'd have to pull up my wish list, but I know there's some other indie games that are on
my list ready to go.
I just haven't picked them up yet.
I'm just kind of waiting for a sale.
Things like UnEpic and yeah.
Indie games.
I will probably load the crap up on indie games.
Those are the ones that tend to go really cheap, like two, three bucks.
I'll probably load up on some of those.
I actually found that the steam tags is a really good way to find a lot of new games.
Just to kind of throw that out there.
My wish list won't load.
Your wish list won't load?
Apparently I can't have it.
It says that I've got GamerX to save my money for.
Yeah, it was.
The dates were leaked by a banner for pay safe card.
It's a website.
I guess they have their electronic payment company or something.
It says summer sale the 19th through the 30th of June.
There we go.
I want The Cat Lady.
That's a thing.
Yeah, it's a game called The Cat Lady.
I want the Adventure Time game.
And Blockland.
And I want the BloodRayne game.
Steamworld Dig, I forgot is something I wanted.
Dark Souls, I still don't have.
So that is absolutely something I want.
And I forgot there's some Telltale things I want too.
Which, by the way, got to see a sneak peek of Tales from the Borderlands and a play through of the first few minutes.
I'm not even super into Borderlands, but that was a fun demo that they showed at the first little bit of the game there.
But Wolf Among Us, I still definitely need to check out.
And my MMO side wants The Secret World.
By the way, I have The Secret World.
Do you?
It's not bad. I bought it when it went on sale last time.
Oh, nice.
It was pretty good.
I should start playing it again.
But now the big ones on my list is The Cat Lady.
And I want the Adventure Time game.
I got, what's the other big one on my list?
Blockland, an epic.
The new BloodRayne game that's actually a side-scroller.
It looks pretty fun, actually.
Nice.
And Dream and Child of Light and Jazzpunk.
Okay.
All right. Well, Rageinator, I love the question.
I got to let you go, though. We're way past time.
I got to wrap up for the night.
But good luck.
All right, here we go.
All right, bye.
Hope you make it through a Steam sale unscathed.
I've got to wrap up, you guys.
We are running way long tonight.
But thank you very much for those that did get through.
If you did not get a chance to get through tonight,
please don't forget you can send your thoughts.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And it's time to wrap up another very busy episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
But hey, this is it.
2014 in gaming. You're looking at it.
So despite some of the little surprises here and there,
we have a lot to look forward to for the rest of the year.
Thank you guys very much for downloading our show and checking out the show.
Whether you're listening live or you're listening on the podcast feed,
thank you very much for your support.
If you enjoyed the show, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word of mouth.
And then maybe someday Microsoft will answer our question
if we tell enough people about the show.
No, they won't. They're Microsoft. Trust me.
If they have a Microsoft way of doing things,
even dealing with them on the retail side,
it's just like there's a vibe you get.
It's hard to describe.
Just saying, when you stop listening to Community,
that's when you get the E3 like you did last year.
I'm just saying, here's the reality.
My question didn't get to which I'm, when I say me,
I'm speaking on behalf of independent media in general.
I know we are not the only ones fighting this battle.
But when I don't get my question answered
so that the guy from the L.A. Times can go into the presentation
and then write his headline about how Nintendo is bringing the PlayStation 4 out this year,
okay, those are the people you want to invite to talk about your games.
Okay. Just remember that headline, folks.
They hardly ever go off script.
Well, they went off script on that one.
Somebody went off script.
All right, anyway, so yes, spread the word.
Please tell a friend or two about the show or leave us a nice review.
We really appreciate reviews on iTunes.
Stitcher is a huge one too.
We've gotten a lot of support from Stitcher.
I want to thank folks who listen to us over there.
And yeah, we've been pretty consistently top 25 show in gaming.
It's really awesome.
We're not telling you what to do.
We would never, but we would really appreciate it.
Yes.
All right.
That's it. We're going to wrap up.
Let's go around to everybody's final thoughts for the night.
Loki, you're ready to get out of here.
Sorry for holding you late.
No, no big deal.
My final thought is I fixed my problem that was in my game.
I fixed the bug.
That works, I think.
It works in the editor.
I'm just worried.
I think I can implement it in the regular game.
Well, good luck to you.
My final thought tonight is it's time to go get about five more trophies
and entwined because that thing is a trophy pinata.
And a pretty decent game.
I'll tell you more thoughts on it next week.
Last but not least, Dark Sakura.
I think I'm going to go home and go to bed.
I'm tired.
Sleep is good.
But for those listening live, I did a little treat for the old school.
Just for the live folks, huh?
For those that are listening on podcast, you got to be here live sometime.
All right.
Thank you guys very much for being here tonight.
Next week, episode 557 with hopefully, fingers crossed, holding my breath,
Marvel Heroes next week.
And of course, the latest and greatest, the E3 Fallout
and whatever else comes up in gaming news next week.
We'll do it all over again.
Thanks for tuning in.
Have fun.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
