Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight, on the eve of Super Mario Odyssey's release, Nintendo Switch gets new sharing features.
Soon, you can send videos of Mario and his new amiibo bridal gown to Twitter and Facebook.
All this and much more tonight on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 705 of our show for this October the 22nd, 2017.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here over the next few hours to talk about video games with my pals, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I don't know. I think I am equally in love with both Jason's and YYR's voices.
Yes.
Their voices are just so nice.
Yes. Big shout out to YYR who did some pinch hitting on the announce tonight. Jason's at TwitchCon.
Jason would be like Mr. Movie Phone or one of those movie announcers.
And then YYR would be like the guys I hear on NHK International who do like the bento show that I watch on NHK TV.
So do some Japanese documentaries for us please.
Or maybe the two of them should start a podcast. Wink Nudge. Maybe. Maybe that's an idea.
Voices.
Voices.
Voices of geeks.
Voices of geeks.
I don't think that name's taken. Alright.
Say hello as well to another geek voice over there. Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi Loki. How are you?
Fine.
Yeah?
You sound kind of nervous. You alright?
I am perfectly fine.
Okay. That's good. That's good. How was your week?
It was alright. I don't know. It's uneventful. Lots of Legos. But uneventful.
Good. Yeah. I was at the mall yesterday. I was at the Lego store and I thought of you.
So, cause I was like oh it's Matt's favorite store.
Yeah. I really should have never gone into that Lego store the first time. Like I knew.
Stepping in there. God damn it. This is gonna be my life now.
I was actually there this weekend too. Picking up some parts. Cause my kids are so wonderful.
So they break and crack and lose pieces from my sets. And it's usually, it's not necessarily my sets.
It's the stuff I buy for them. And they're like oh it's missing. I'm like okay. I gotta go buy the replacement parts.
So thankfully there's an independent store nearby that they sell used Legos.
And so you just kind of sift through their bin to find what you're looking for.
So it cost me like two cents to replace the stuff. I'm like okay. Can't beat that.
Alright. Nice.
But they're doing birthday parties starting this week.
Woohoo. Birthday parties. More Legos.
And babysit kids and stuff. I'm like yes.
Alright. I also have to introduce here our old friend of the show is joining us tonight.
Sadly because of the mic issues we've had in studio recently I can't get him his own mic.
So we won't really hear from him a lot more till later. Cause Jamie's gonna only be here for half the show tonight.
Cause she has other things to tend to. But filling in a little later tonight and maybe a little bit at the top here too.
Say hi to JD is back.
Hey.
And how are you doing? What's new with you? What kind of like. I'll ask your gaming week later on.
But in a nutshell like how's gaming been treating you?
Pretty good. I've been enjoying my Switch a lot.
Oh that's right. Cause for a while you kind of skipped like a whole generation of consoles right.
But now you're like back in it with the Switch right?
Yeah I mean like I bought a Wii U in January and that was the first it had for like since I bought a Wii.
But yeah I got Switch at launch and I've just been really enjoying it.
Nice. What are like your top two games on Switch right now?
Right now. Splatoon and I guess I've been playing a lot of Konga Master Party.
Oh yeah yeah yeah. We were. You made me play that a little while ago. It was fun.
I'll ask you more about that during your gaming weeks. But I am here in a minute.
I'm going to get to. Actually we're going to talk to one of our pals. A friend of the show here at OLR.
We're going to talk to a user on Twitch named Fun John. Cause he's fun.
We're going to talk to him because he is at Twitch Con. Or was at Twitch Con cause Twitch Con is winding down.
I'm going to call him here shortly. I do want to do one quick housekeeping thing though.
I kind of just want to get this out of the way because it's kind of a downer slash negative.
But I have to get it off my chest because at the end of last week's show I referenced something about that Alan and I's cat wasn't doing so well.
I just did want to let you guys know we did unfortunately have to make the difficult choice to have her put to sleep on Monday.
Because she had a condition she was not going to recover from.
And the vet let us know that it was really really best for her well-being you know because she was in pain.
So after 17 and a half years with Sanrio we did have to make that difficult call this week.
So I just want to let you guys know that and update you on that.
And thank Jamie for being a part of Sanrio's life as well.
Cause every time Alan and I were out of town you were a very reliable substitute female influence on her life.
I'm a cat auntie.
Yes cat auntie.
Well and she actually let me give her scritches for like half a second before she you know waddled out away.
Yeah she usually hated people so I always said don't take it personally she just always runs and hides.
It takes her a good year to get to know people.
I found a video that I took one time when I was cat sitting that I think I forwarded to Alan.
But I have a couple of videos of her that I will make sure that you guys get.
Okay. Alright so again not to be too much of a downer but I do want to let you guys know that.
So let's go ahead and talk about video games. Get back into gaming.
And I know one thing exciting that happened this week was TwitchCon.
So we're going to actually try to get a hold of our pal who is at the TwitchCon event.
Cause sadly I didn't go to TwitchCon this year.
I went to TwitchCon I think it was the first year they did it.
I went to TwitchCon when it was in San Francisco.
But this year sadly I didn't get to go but I wanted to check in and see how the event is going.
So I believe on the line we have from Twitch our pal Fun John.
John you there?
Hey how you doing?
Hey I am great John. Thanks for coming on the show last minute.
Yeah no worries.
So you're down there at TwitchCon right? Or is it over?
It officially wraps in about 45-50 minutes.
I'm actually across the street from the convention center. They're doing the closing right now.
Gotcha. Well sorry to pull you away from that.
No worries. I think I'm done with standing on my feet and standing in line this weekend.
So I think I'm going to find some place to sit down.
Is it LineCon there? Is it lots and lots of standing in line like some cons are?
Unfortunately this year the theme has definitely been hashtag LineCon 2017.
It's really unfortunate.
Uh oh. Okay let me ask you actually quickly this question.
Are you more a streamer on Twitch or are you more a viewer on Twitch?
Like what was your motivation for going to TwitchCon?
I'm a little bit of both. I'm a very occasional streamer.
I'm trying to get more into it. I do a lot of watching people on Twitch.
I watch you. I watch some of the friends that I'm with here.
I watch some of the larger private streamers.
But I do stream occasionally. Mostly I try to stream to get some support for charity events like Extra Life and St. Jude and stuff like that.
Nice. Those are very worthy causes and I think make the whole streaming thing a lot cooler.
Did you find TwitchCon to be motivating?
Because I know the first year I was...
I probably am streaming on Twitch now because I went to TwitchCon that first year.
Yeah I really enjoyed it this year and I did find it motivating.
There's a lot of networking opportunities. There's a lot of opportunities to see what new games are coming out.
What companies are interested in making the streaming experience better.
There's streaming software, hardware vendors. Intel had a big booth there.
They were giving stuff away and they're also lauding the newer chips aimed towards gaming and streaming.
So I really think it was useful and it's definitely motivating.
They always have the charity corner where they have all the charities and the major organizations that are trying to raise money.
And they encourage people to use Twitch to help them do that.
And I personally enjoy going and talking to all of them and finding new opportunities where I can help out.
That is awesome. Since it is a gaming show and this is a gaming convention,
was there a lot of actual playable games there on the show floor?
Or was it more, these are more tools?
There are. There was a very large, well first of all there was the entire H1Z1 arena.
The big arena ball part of the convention center was just for the amateur and professional H1Z1 competitions the entire weekend.
There was a 40 seat player unknown battleground competition arena set up with HP and Omen.
They were doing the Omen challenge and they would let you, if you got in early enough in the morning,
you could sign up to play one of the tournaments.
They were doing 40 person duo tournaments for prizes.
But then there's also the smaller game companies, even the indie developers.
And they had lots of booth space out in the expo floor where you could play their games,
you could see demos, you could get codes for finished versions.
And it was even bigger than it was last year and I really like that too.
Were you able to attend many of the panels?
I know a lot of it was streaming out on the internet so we could all see it,
but did you go to any of the panels in person? What did you think?
Sadly, I did not make as many of the panels as I had intended.
There were a couple that I was super interested in,
but the ones I was really interested in were the ones that were happening first in the day.
And unfortunately, the entrance line was the one that got us most of the time.
Ah, I see. Oh, so it was slow just to get into the building?
So there's the east side entrance and the west side entrance.
Let's see, the west side entrance is where I am now and that was the short line,
but everybody was going to the east side entrance because that's where they picked up badges
and that's where everybody said, oh, go in on that side.
Yesterday it took me 45 or 50 minutes to get into the building at about 12 o'clock when it opened.
There were people who got here to the convention center at 8 a.m.
so that they could try to get into the Player Unknowns tournament.
They had to get here that early so they could be at the front of the line
and then race across the building to sign up.
I wonder if that's an issue that's going to need –
well, they seem to change venues every year,
so I wonder if that's going to be unique to that venue or if that's something you'll have to –
Yeah, I think the reason they change venues is size.
And I was wondering this myself.
The first year that I didn't go to was in San Francisco
because I didn't find out about it until about a month after it happened.
And last year I went down to San Diego and they had about half of the San Diego Convention Center.
This year they have the entire Long Beach Convention Center,
which is probably bigger than the one in San Diego.
So it has definitely grown in size.
If they stay here, they're definitely going to have to work through the resource management
and how fast they can get people in and out because the lines were just atrociously long.
It's definitely – I know they're going to invite people to provide feedback
after they get home and have a few days to think on it and stuff,
and I've got a list of some of the feedback I want to provide.
The top of it is those super long lines were just chilling the fun.
And not to say I had a lot of fun,
but it would have been a lot more fun if I hadn't had to stand in line so much.
Sure.
Now, those types of, like, methods of running a convention aside,
what would you like to most see at a TwitchCon 2018 that wasn't there this year?
Sorry, I didn't read. What was that?
Outside of those types of, like, the business of running things, sorts of things,
what would you most like to see at a TwitchCon 2018 that wasn't there this year?
I would really like to see – well, I'm not sure how much bigger it could get,
but I would really love to have seen the charity plaza be even bigger.
It was about the same size as it was last year.
I would kind of like to see Twitch –
I mean, you know, every year they add new features,
and a big part of TwitchCon is saying, okay, these are the features that are coming.
One of the things I would really like to see them do is double down on some of the charity and community efforts
and say, you know, not only are we adding these cool features for you,
but we're also doing these things to make it easier for people to raise money
or make it easier for people to host these kind of events that are, you know,
maybe not everybody – you know, obviously not everybody's on Twitch to raise money and do community work,
but there are those of us that feel very strongly about, you know, I want to raise money for Extra Life
because I personally benefited from a children's hospital when I was a kid,
and I want to pay that one forward.
You know, I'd really love to see Twitch do something, and obviously I don't know exactly what that would be,
but I'd love to see them do something, you know, make the impact bigger, you know,
make more space, find other ways to incentivize it.
You know, playable games is a really big thing here.
I know a lot of people come out here for playable games, and there's a ton of that.
People come out here to collect t-shirts and giveaways, and there's a lot of that.
So, I mean, you know, making those bigger just needs a bigger space,
but honestly I think one of the things I personally would like to see is them incentivizing
some of the non-traditional uses of Twitch just to keep it growing and becoming fresh everywhere else.
I think that is really good feedback. I hope Twitch actually listens to this.
I do want to acknowledge the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
because I haven't given them a shout out yet tonight,
and they're putting up with some of our live chatters.
I don't know what's going on. We're having weird bandwidth issues tonight,
which I don't think is on our end because the Skype call is holding,
and Alan is in the back playing Overwatch, as he usually does during the show,
and those things are holding fine, but unfortunately we keep hiccuping on the live stream.
So thank you to the live listeners for putting up with that crap tonight.
I don't know what's going on, but I do want to say over in our chat at live.vognetwork.com,
Bobby is saying, I think it's interesting to have a convention like TwitchCon
where technically everyone is media, and Kaijuto follows that up with,
so does the media interview themselves at TwitchCon? That would be funny to watch.
Well, let me ask you this, Jon.
Are you meeting people there that you've only seen online,
and how is that experience of meeting people IRL?
Are they what you expect, or are they different, or what?
It totally is a lot of meeting people for the very first time.
I've been hanging around with a group of four or five people, and of them,
only one I had met in person before, and that was last year at TwitchCon in San Diego.
And that comment about, is the media interviewing themselves, it totally is.
On average, you would see 50 to 60 people at a time walking around the expo floor
live streaming on selfie sticks.
And of course, there were bandwidth issues in the convention center,
but if you had bandwidth, there were people doing it the entire weekend.
There were people live streaming expo floor, merch floor, all around the building.
Just even around town Thursday night before the convention even started,
we were at a bar hanging out with some friends, having dinner,
and three of the people there, three out of the 13 people there were live streaming.
They're followers.
Hanging out with their, bringing their followers to Long Beach,
the ones that couldn't actually make it here, and I think that's really awesome.
That is so neat.
That's just so interesting, that kind of world that we live in,
where everybody is streaming the same thing from three different points of view,
because that's the kind of convention it is.
That's so hilarious.
I do want to let you go here pretty soon so you can get back to the festivities,
but I want to end on a positive note, so let me ask this.
What was your favorite thing about TwitchCon this year?
You know, a lot of people have been asking me what brings you to TwitchCon,
and I've done a lot of thinking about that, and it really is a positive thing.
The positive thing is these people are my family.
They are part of my family.
You're part of my family because I've known you for several years,
and all the people that run in those circles, they're part of my family.
These people are my family too.
These are people that I hang out with when I'm working or I'm playing
and we're talking, and we share joys, we share griefs, we help each other out,
and I think the best part, honestly, the best part was that Friday was my birthday,
and coming to TwitchCon on my birthday was great,
and hanging out with all these different communities and people singing
and happy birthday to me and getting all the hugs.
All the lines of the world cannot destroy all the love and support I've gotten
from all these people that I call my friends and family this weekend,
and it's been overwhelming and amazing, and I'm going to be really sad
when I go home, and I can't wait until next year to do it again.
Well, Jon, I think next year I'm really going to try to join you.
Hopefully they have it in a place that's easy for me to get to,
but since I had to cut something from earlier in the year,
one of my conventions I can't go to next year because of time,
it looks more likely I'll be able to do TwitchCon next year,
so I'm really looking forward to it, and I think that is a fantastic note to end this on.
Jon, thank you for taking time out during the convention to be here.
If you all want to follow Jon over on Twitch, keep tabs of his charity events
and some of the awesome people he follows, that's Fun Jon, F-U-N-J-O-N, am I correct?
Yeah, that's correct.
All right, anything else you want to plug while you're here?
Not really. I just thank you very much for the opportunity, and you have a great day.
You are welcome. Happy belated birthday from all of us here at OLR,
and send our love from OLR and VoG to all the peeps at TwitchCon.
Thanks, will do.
All right, take care, buddy.
Yep, bye-bye.
Bye.
Thanks again to Jon for taking time out of his TwitchCon to join us here.
I love that whole there's 13 people at dinner and three of them are livestreaming it,
but that is something that's kind of probably unique,
and I see Bobby in chat over at live.vognetwork.com talking about,
to be fair, Rob and I both get interviewed by other podcasters at DragonCon.
That's true, so there is a little bit of that, but it's not always livestreamed.
I guess the podcasting panels are livestreamed, but that's kind of different.
That's very different than dinner, but I'm totally not knocking it.
I just think it's a very interesting part of our culture and the world that we do that,
and that, like Jon says, the people who wish they could be there but can't be
really get to be a part of that experience.
And it almost makes me wonder, I know bandwidth is awful there,
but should we try to be livestreaming more of DragonCon somehow?
I don't know, but I know the cell phone networks all show up there.
Bring the hotspots.
That's right, right, or whatever we can do to get on those networks.
Anyway, thanks again, Jon, for taking the time out.
I do want to mention some of the things that Twitch did announce
as part of TwitchCon that I thought was really cool.
They did announce that they would be launching some new features,
including a stream summary, so once you're done with a stream, you can see,
like, did you get clipped, how many people watched it, all that stuff.
They're doing this thing called Premieres,
where they want to have organized first viewing events
to generate anticipation around viewership of new videos.
And that's probably more for people who do videos than it can,
like maybe YouTubers.
It's probably to attract some of the YouTubers to debut stuff live
and kind of get that reaction.
At least that's kind of what I'm getting out of it.
But I know people like a buddy of mine who was on this show
probably a year or two ago talking about some of his projects,
Matt Baum, who does a very popular podcast called Sewers of Paris.
And I know he's done some of these, like, he not only does Twitch,
but he does, like, the Dungeons and Drag Queens
and some of that stuff that he does.
Like, when I hear this, I think of, like, Matt,
and this would be a great platform for someone like him
who kind of dabbles in both to get to do that.
He also does, like, story time where he, like, reads a book and stuff like that.
It's a lot of fun.
Yeah, yeah. So, you know, people are using Twitch in very, very creative ways.
Let's see. And also they're talking about doing raids.
So you can actually use a slash raid to raid another channel.
And actually this kind of happened to me a couple weeks ago.
So I was doing an OLR post stream, as I usually do.
I did the Cuphead. It was that night.
So towards the end of my stream, I was like,
okay, this is the last time I'm going to run this level.
Somebody did a host with 83 viewers on my stream.
And I don't usually get that many viewers on my stream
because I'm still, you know, I don't stream enough
to have a huge following on there.
But, like, that was like, wow, oh my.
And it actually kind of made me go, well, shit, I can't quit now.
So I, like, kind of pushed myself to go for at least 10 more minutes.
And then I think I was able to take, like, a good 30 or 40 whoever was left
and then I passed them to Flaco when I was done for the night.
So it was kind of, you know, a nice little share the viewers
and pass them off to your friends.
They are talking about doing rooms,
which is something about separate spaces within your chat.
That's probably going to be better for people that have a larger audience than I do.
Rituals, which, like, is, like, say somebody is coming to your channel for the first time,
you can actually, like, if you signal that this person is new,
then there's, like, I don't know, like, a ritual where Twitch will break the ice in chat.
I kind of want to hear more about what that all is.
Something else I think is very interesting, achievements.
So they're going to actually put an achievement system within Twitch.
But unlike, you know, Xbox or PlayStation where, you know,
we add them up and the points don't matter type of thing,
these achievements are showing you have you unlocked affiliate status yet
or have you unlocked partner status.
That's kind of a neat way to do that, so kind of cute.
And then also gifting subscriptions because why not?
That means more money for said affiliates and partners, easier way to do that
and more ability to, you know, pass along a little coin to some of your favorite Twitch people.
So that's all the stuff they announced there.
And I know I'm focusing on Twitch and I'm not really saying as much about YouTube and Mixer
because, well, Twitch had the con, the other two didn't.
But where one company tends to go, others seem to follow.
Let me open it up here in studio and just kind of ask, you know,
what do you guys think about Twitch and where it's going
and some of this stuff we're hearing, having heard from the con?
Logie?
I don't know. I mean, I don't know why I would go to this.
I mean, other than I guess if I was really big fans of like some of the streamers or maybe.
I mean, I'm not really sure what this is even.
I think for me when I, you know, I was exactly like you that first year I went
when Jason was like, dude, I have an extra ticket and it's a two hour drive, you're coming.
And I was like, okay, yes, I'm going.
And when I went, I was like, oh, maybe if I thought of this more as a trade show,
I probably would have got it because when I got there, it was like, oh,
I'm actually seeing new streaming technology.
And oh, like here's a video card for sale that I actually bought at TwitchCon
that I actually use to stream on Twitch now.
And then, you know, I saw some new stuff that was going to go to Kickstarter,
but like ways to like, I think it was like a remote control,
like switch camera angles from like an iPad or something.
I don't remember what it was, but like, you know, it was kind of like,
and like John said on the call, you meet different charities
because more and more charities are embracing streaming.
I think we all know about Extra Life and Extra Life does a very good job
putting their name out there and so forth,
but other charities are seeing what Extra Life is doing and going,
hey, we want people to fundraise for us too, you know,
and people can kind of go find those causes that really speak to them.
So I think that's kind of what you also get out of it
is you get a lot of ideas for how to make your stream better.
And it's like-minded individuals who are doing the same thing.
I guess.
Yeah.
Well, I think it's interesting.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt suggests that the ritual is Rocky Horror style hazing
in Twitch for first timers.
I like that idea.
Can I draw a V on someone in lipstick who comes into my chat
for the first time?
That'd be fantastic.
I love it.
Dark Soccer, are you going to have a ritual for your Twitch channel?
You must accept Garris as your savior.
Be like, why aren't you bitches saying anything?
I can't chat at you if you don't give me anything to chat with.
Love it.
All right.
So thanks again, John, for coming on the show and talking about TwitchCon
and congrats on Twitch for a successful, what is this, third year, fourth year?
I think I lost count.
I think it's the third year at TwitchCon.
So, yeah.
All right.
Awesome.
Well, we're going to get into our gaming weeks.
Actually, I will humor the chat with a question here
because we do tape live again at the Voice Geeks Network
every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
right after The Bobby Black Wolf Show.
And you can ask us questions in chat just like William 2DS XL Face is asking,
saying, Rob, Jamie, and Loki,
what do you think of the recent acquisition of Humble by IGN?
So we got into this a little bit last week.
I think Jamie brought the story.
I saw there was a follow-up.
I didn't put it on the list for tonight just because there was a bunch of other stories.
But let me check in.
How are you guys feeling one week later about the Humble and IGN acquisition?
Indifferent?
I mean, I don't know.
I don't like IGN.
I think they're dirty.
But I don't even know who they're owned by anymore because I don't know.
So really, I'm not worried about it until I need to be worried about it.
Jamie, your thoughts?
I don't have any reason to be worried yet.
So we just have to wait and see what happens.
I mean, it's so soon we don't know what they're going to do.
Right.
I'm waiting.
I'm cautiously optimistic to see what the changes are going to be.
And I'm cautiously optimistic maybe there will be no changes,
save for banner advertising for IGN at the top and bottom,
or maybe the links to the different games instead of going to YouTube.
There are going to be IGN videos about the games.
Those types of things I expect.
And at the end of the day, if I can still get games,
great games for a great value and decide where my money goes
and know that the vast majority of that money will go to the charity
and the developers, which is usually how I tend to split my money,
then I'll be fine with it.
But as I don't want IGN to try to make money off of this site,
that would be where I would kind of draw the line.
But I do expect that IGN will integrate their own resources
where it's appropriate to do so.
And I think y'all need to be ready for that.
So like I said, instead of YouTube's or instead of these high-rated games,
it's going to be an click here on IGN to read our 7.6 too much water out of 10 review.
The only thing, and this is such a minor thing that I would be kind of wary on,
is Humble is technically a publisher of independent games.
So they do have some games, like A Hat in Time, that they actually do publish.
These games are going to be reviewed by IGN,
and it's kind of hard to see that as not biased in a way.
I mean, that's the only thing, but that's such a minor thing.
It's like I don't even really think about it, but I don't know.
I just don't like them.
I mean, I'm sorry.
That's like saying if Fox News bought Humble Bundle or something like that,
it's like, eh, I just feel dirty.
I mean, that's kind of how I feel with IGN.
IGN, it's not even I don't like them.
I don't even think about them anymore.
Honestly, I don't visit their site anymore.
I used to visit it all the time.
You can't spell ignore without I-G-N-N.
I just, I don't know.
It's just not...
We're ignorant.
There are sites, though, that we've hated on
and that eventually come back to being fine again, like Kotaku.
Kotaku, sure.
Perfect example.
So who knows?
I mean, right now, like I said, until there's some major changes that...
The people at, I mean, not to get too shady,
but since y'all got me started, we're just amongst friends, right?
Since Kotaku, all the people that were a problem there
went and started a new website.
So what was left was people that made a pretty decent website.
So like, right now, I don't have to worry about it.
And they're not the only site that sells bundles.
There's like at least a few sites that do that.
So I'm not really worried.
And honestly, a lot of the bundles that they have nowadays,
I own most of the stuff in them.
So it's not something that I'm really looking at.
I do hope that they do more console bundles because those I do like.
Do you think maybe on that side,
and Jamie, I want to check on your thoughts, too,
but let me just do one question.
Do you think maybe the flip side of IGN's weight or something
is that maybe they'll have more leverage to do more 3DS?
They probably have more experienced marketing teams
that can sell that idea to some of these publishers.
That makes sense to me.
What about your thoughts, Jamie?
Honestly, I just agree with that.
I mean, it's what I just said.
That sounds like what they're doing.
Yeah.
Fair enough.
Like I said, until we have something to worry about,
I'm not going to worry about it.
All right.
There you go.
Answer your question live on chat over at live.vog.
Que sera, sera.
That's right.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that you have been playing this week.
Ladies first, Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming week?
We were wrapping up the convention guide, which is funny.
I have another edit to do when I get home, but that's okay.
So really not a whole lot.
I've been playing idle pouring.
I haven't really touched RO because, like I said,
my time has been taken up by the con guide.
You know, Pokemon Go.
I'm using that for my walking.
Miitomo a little bit.
Does that count as a game?
Ish.
Miitomo Drop is a game, I guess.
Yeah, that's true.
So I've been fairly good at that.
I actually like the costumes that they have out right now.
They have like the Nintendo Gakuen outfit.
So like cute little school uniforms.
So Miitomo is still being regularly updated.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
To be fair, I'm not trying to be mean,
but I kind of forget Miitomo is a thing until you bring it up on the show.
That's my honest answer.
I kind of forget it's a thing and then you bring it up.
I'm like, oh yeah, I should like load that.
I actually went back and started playing,
trying to get through R-Type again on my iPhone.
It's just really difficult on there.
I mean, the version of R-Type is really good.
So I've been sort of digging around for other Irem games,
just to, I guess, kind of branch out from R-Type,
because really R-Type is the biggest Irem game I did much playing on.
So that's about it.
All right.
Let me head over to Loki and check in.
How was your gaming week?
Just more of the office space idle clicker game.
I actually have been playing a little bit of Pokemon Go
because they have that new event that's going on.
So I need more Ghost-type Pokemon, so I figured I'd do that.
Didn't play too much in the console games.
Just too lazy to actually set up my PlayStation to do PlayStation VR.
I did buy more PlayStation VR games,
so I have literally a plethora of games to play.
So one of them was, what was it called?
It's Megaton Rainfall, which is kind of like,
it's like an arcade shooter game.
I'm not sure about the controls on it,
but maybe they'll patch the Move controller into it.
But it's basically, imagine like Superman crossed with Earth Defense Force.
So you're flying around at like really fast speed and stuff like that
in and out of the atmosphere and destroying aliens with like heat vision and stuff.
And you can blow up buildings and they just crumble down to the ground.
It's my type of game.
So I'm definitely wanting to check that out.
So I'll try this week to actually get to those games
because I've just been meaning to do that.
But the problem is my wife's been watching The Office on TV,
and so like any games that require me to stand up and use the Move controllers and stuff
might make it hard to watch TV because, you know, it's in the same room.
Even though I don't need the TV because I have the headset, it's just, you know.
She just needs to read books.
I got her books for a reason, to read them.
She does at the gym though.
But we're almost out of office.
We're almost out of office because we're on the final season again.
But she does this where she'll occasionally just jump into a random episode
and just finish the whole series.
Which is fine because this show's hilarious.
It is funny.
All right, anything else?
That's it.
All right.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, beam.
My gaming week. I'm not going to lie.
I had a really rough week personally and I kind of told you a little bit about that earlier
and there's other stuff going on.
I haven't really played a lot of video games.
In fact, even that Big Brother game I was talking to you guys about that I was playing,
I ended up quitting it.
And that was not an easy thing to do.
But let me put it this way, even though most people are going to totally misunderstand this reference.
But Jamie will understand this reference.
I know JD will understand this reference.
It was kind of like a door in All-Stars 2.
I completely understand why a door left All-Stars 2 now
because it was a very similar thing that caused me to kind of...
the psychological intensity of that game,
I could not handle it with everything else that was going on.
So they were very nice about it and they were like,
oh, you'll have an open invite to come back when we want,
which I thought was very, very nice and classy and all that.
And I was a little disappointed that I couldn't kind of stick with it.
But you guys, it has not been a good week.
So I just thought I'd give you that update.
As far as video games go, though, I did play some stuff.
Just not a lot of new stuff.
I played a lot of Pokemon Go, actually.
I've been playing a lot of that.
The Halloween event's been a nice motivator,
but I've also just kind of gotten in this routine
where I will nuke lunch at my desk and kind of have that ready to go.
And then I go on a big 30-minute walk
and I use my little Pokemon Go clicker to catch Mons
and then I'm walking too.
So it's a nice little...
My route is 2K, so I can hatch a 2K egg easy.
It's just a little over 2K.
So I can hatch a 2K egg easy on my route.
So that's kind of one thing I've been doing.
And then I've also been playing a little bit of Heroes of the Storm this week
because I've been trying to do my daily quest to save some gold
so I can buy Junkrat, who has just released into the game.
So Heroes of the Storm has been kind of fun.
I pretty much only play the AI stuff, though.
I don't know if I can handle some of the real people matches right now,
which I don't know.
I can handle it in Overwatch,
but people can get really nasty on their keyboards
in games like Heroes of the Storm.
But I'll probably try to dip my toe in
and play some more actual PvP in those games soon.
One other kind of random thing I'll mention that I played this week,
probably because I was playing so much Pokemon Go
and I've been collecting so much like Gen 1 and 2
and now even a little bit of 3 stuff,
I was like, you know what?
I'm going to download Pokemon Silver because that's on Virtual Console
and I really never played a lot of that before.
I think I might have played a little bit on an emulator years ago,
but I haven't really played that game.
I didn't know if I would respond well to playing an old Pokemon game,
but I downloaded it and I paid the 10 bucks or whatever it is on 3DS.
I downloaded it and I've played an hour or two,
enough to where I'm about to take on the first gym,
so enough to dip my toe in, and I'm having enough fun with it.
The only weird thing is with there not being an XP share,
that's the really annoying part of the old Pokemon games.
You have to have a Pokemon go in, pull it out,
and then send the real one in so you can share the XP
and get a little bit on that first Pokemon.
That's how you level them up.
Yes, and as William2DxSLface in our chat points out,
the Virtual Console Silver can transfer Pokemon one way to the Pokemon Bank.
Yeah, and that was a big motivator too,
because if I do get Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon,
which I don't know if I will because I didn't really finish Pokemon Moon,
and I can't really explain the why in that.
I think that's just my whole ADD.
I think Pokemon always gets to a point for me where it's like,
there's too much.
There's like Pokemon Fashion Show,
there's Pokemon Berry Growing, there's Pokemon,
and my brain says you have to do it all,
even though you really don't have to do that,
and I think that's where I always struggle in Pokemon games.
So will my playthrough of Pokemon Silver be any different?
I don't know. We'll see, but so far, so good.
Anyway, that was my gaming week.
So how about you, JD? How was your gaming week?
What types of games have you played?
I've been playing a lot of Splatoon, especially after the Splatfest,
which I know was two weeks ago.
I got up to the king rank in the Splatfest,
which is the top line,
and I've been playing ranked a lot more than Turf War,
and I finally made it to the league,
which you have to get to...
Oh, I'm so sorry, JD. They can't hear you.
That's why I'm ripping it away.
You have to put the mic right up against your mouth.
Okay.
Other than Splatoon, which I've really been putting a lot of time in,
Coming Out on Top, which is a gay dating game,
came out on Steam this week.
So even though it's four years old at this point,
I played through it to get all the achievements,
and they also put new art in.
So that's been fun.
I've been playing Konga Master Party,
which is a...
It's not a rhythm game.
It's kind of a variation on Snake,
where you walk around a bunch of people,
and you try to convince them to join your Konga line,
and then things happen.
It's a lot of fun, and it has a cool multiplayer mode.
P-Cross on Switch has also been a good, relaxing game.
And I signed up for Twitch a little while ago
just to stream Cook, Serve, Delicious 2,
which also came out in the past month.
And that's been an interesting change,
and I haven't gotten very many viewers,
but it's a fun experience.
Well, you should probably plug your channel so we can follow you.
Yeah, my username is JD, which is J-A-I underscore D-I-T.
I have a buddy on Twitch who streams a lot of that Cook, Serve, Delicious 2,
and it looks like it's kind of a fun game.
It looks like it's a little bit chaotic.
It looks almost like a typing tutor game, though,
because you're just typing so fast.
So my nickname for the game is Mavis Bacon Teaches Typing,
because it really is a typing game.
You can play with a controller or a mouse, but you shouldn't.
It's like clicking your skills in an MMO.
It makes the most sense to really do it with a keyboard,
because there are just so many different things,
and a lot of it just comes ultimately down to muscle memory.
There's a lot of different recipes,
and you have to prepare them on the fly.
Somebody will say, well, I want nachos done with these toppings,
and then the next order might come in and it'll be completely different,
and you have to find the right keys on three different screens of it.
So having a keyboard really helps.
But yeah, it's a lot of just remembering how it works,
but typing is the gist of the gameplay.
For the record, I click on skills in Final Fantasy XIV.
Some of them, some of them.
I use my keyboard for some.
Usually when I'm healing, I use my keyboard for the cures,
and I use the clicking for the stuff that's off cycle,
which I know is kind of weird, but that's just how I do it, okay?
I mean, my guilty secret is that I do the same thing in Guild Wars 2.
I'm really lazy about it,
because I also don't have a mouse with 19 buttons on it,
so I'm just using a regular keyboard for the most part.
Dartetsuya in chat suggests that it sounds like an OLR dream game.
Loki presents Mavis Bacon teaches typing,
so maybe that's something that can happen in the future.
I did see that the wonderful channel Epic Meal Time,
where they had a recipe for pizza bacon, which looks amazing.
It's basically bacon with cheese and pepperoni on it.
Nice. All right.
Well, thank you, JD, for sharing your gaming week with us.
We're going to get to a little bit of housekeeping.
Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
We're also on Facebook at Orange Lounge Radio on Facebook,
and as a reminder, we will not be here November 12th.
It's Veterans Day weekend. I am taking a vacation.
Why? Because I deserve it.
I'm taking a vacation, and I won't be here because I'll be in Seattle.
If you happen to live in that area,
because we went a couple years ago,
so we've done the Space Needle, we've done the EMP,
all that stuff is cool.
We've done Pike's Market, which we're going to do that again
because we love the market,
but if you have suggestions for what else we should do there
that's not all the uber touristy stuff, I'm open for ideas.
Hit me up on Twitter at Skye, S-K-I-E, especially gamer stuff.
I think it would be really cool.
Like arcades I should be checking out
that isn't the one across the street from the convention center
because I've been there a million times.
Places like that. That would be awesome.
Anyway, let's now get into some gaming news.
Loki's starting us off tonight.
All right. Well, there's lots to talk about Nintendo,
and of course all this has to do with the recent 4.0 firmware update.
So lots of features being added to it,
including things that really a lot of other systems have had for a while,
but it's nice to see them here.
So one thing that they added was video capture,
and it's kind of limited at the moment.
It only works on certain games.
So like, for example, Breath of the Wild, Mario Kart 8,
Arms, and Splatoon 2.
And they haven't really said if it's going to be added with other games,
but so far those are the four.
And with that, of course, you can upload the clips to Facebook or Twitter,
and it captures the last 30 seconds.
So it's something, I guess.
And then, of course, you can also transfer your profiles and saves to another Switch.
So I guess if you run into an issue where your Switch dies
or if you just need to move it over or something like that, you can do that.
So that's kind of cool.
And then along with that, of course, they've added support as well for some USB headsets.
Once again, though, it's not exactly everything.
So basically you can use USB headsets.
They need to be plugged into a dock where it's recognized by the Switch,
and I guess you can also do USB speakers that way as well.
And yeah, I don't know.
It sounds kind of limited there.
So based on that, you're not going to be able to use it for voice chat, though, apparently.
Well, how convenient.
Yeah.
But then along with that, though, despite all those limitations,
the Switch, of course, is still doing very well.
They've sold 2 million units in the US and worldwide 4.7 units.
Total failure.
Well, just kidding.
There's a lot of things that they really should have in there that they don't have in there,
like where the fuck is Virtual Console or whatever the fuck is going to replace it.
Well, not everything can be the 3DO.
Well, but based on what you just said, Loki, does it matter?
I mean, it's selling pretty well.
And even though most of us hardcore gamers are sitting here going,
but what about X?
And your voice chat is garbage.
Like, does it matter?
Because it's still selling.
So clearly Nintendo does literally whatever the fuck they want,
and they can do it because they're Nintendo.
And it doesn't matter.
Nothing matters.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's funny seeing the Switch and how it operates with things
and then also looking at different emulators like the CMU
that basically can port out a better-looking version of Zelda Breath of the Wild
with all these enhanced features that the Switch can't possibly do.
And it's like, holy shit.
Imagine if there's just more power in this, what you can do.
But then again, when we're talking about Nintendo,
and they'll just do things their way, and they're like,
well, we sold some, so obviously it's doing well,
and we're not going to change anything.
We're going to be, what was the word, brave?
What's Apple's term for, like, we're going to remove those headphone ports
because we're adventurous.
I believe it was brave.
Courage.
I don't know what it was.
It was courage.
They took a lot of crap for that.
They're courageous, yes.
It's just Nintendo being courageous.
But to be fair in that whole thing,
didn't their most recent Android phone just make the same change?
And now people are like, oh, okay, whatever.
So I'm just saying, just saying.
All right, anyway.
That's called being a hypocrite.
But it made wood change?
They got rid, the Pixel 2 or whatever got rid of that headphone jack.
And it's the same thing now where you have to use a converter
to have a headphone jack.
Oh, that's a Pixel. No one wants those.
All right.
See, that's one of those phones that they're like, hey, look it,
we're like Apple 2.
Getting away from phones and back to Nintendo.
What do you think about the whole video recording thing, though?
I haven't used it yet.
It sounds all right, but it's like 30 seconds, really?
I mean, I guess that's all the system can handle,
but...
Well, I believe actdeft in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
said something to the effect of Nintendo said they were going to make it
so they can record more than 30 seconds in the future.
So it's 30 seconds now.
Then why can't they do it now?
Why is it only 30 seconds now?
Because Nintendo's going to do whatever they want.
And they're like, we have to figure out how this Internet thing works.
It's Nintendo's world.
We're just living in it.
And it doesn't matter whatever Nintendo does.
They're never going to make you happy, Loki.
They are going to make me happy.
They would just be competent at what they're doing.
And don't get me wrong.
See, they suffer from what the thing that Apple suffers is,
that people are basically evangelists for these products
and they can release a pile of shit with Nintendo's name on it
and they will buy it.
I mean, call me crazy,
but is there maybe a reason why people get enthusiastic,
especially when we're talking about games like Breath of the Wild,
Splatoon 2?
I mean, these games are pretty fucking rad.
And Mario Odyssey is going to be good.
It's just an accepted fact.
It's going to be a good game.
We know it's going to be a good game.
Has Nintendo made a bad mainline Mario game?
Some may say Mario Sunshine, to which I say have a seat.
Mario Sunshine was great.
We did have Mario was missing.
But that wasn't a mainline Mario game.
That was a mistake of licensing Mario to some other developer
to make potty garbage.
Although, the one thing that game proved to me
was that it could actually run on early Super Nintendo level graphics
because it had some of the same dungeon music and scenery.
Well, that's right.
And it was even on the NES, wasn't it?
I thought the game was on the Super Nintendo.
It was on the NES.
It might have been one of those rare games that was on both, too.
So, anyway.
I mean, it's fine.
I guess we don't need headset support for your games,
and we don't need three-court clips.
Well, Loki, you don't right now.
What is everybody doing?
Any Switch owner I know right now is like, Discord, Skype, whatever.
We work around it.
We don't need Nintendo to do it because we figured it out another way.
Well, exactly.
Why should they put the effort in if everyone's going to put the effort for them
and then praise them for it?
So, then are we all in agreement?
Fuck it.
Nintendo voice chat?
Fuck it.
We've all just...
They're not going to do it.
They have not been able to rise.
We've all figured out a way around it now.
Fuck it.
Nintendo could just move those resources somewhere else.
This has gone on without Nintendo.
Whatever you guys want to do.
As long as you're happy.
As long as you're happy with them.
Fucking just sitting there going...
Whatever sinks your battleship.
Well, you know what?
We could develop this feature, but fuck it.
We'll just let them go ahead and just do it for us,
and then we're just going to sit back and relax.
Loki just sounds like that whole group sitting around going,
where do you want to go to dinner?
I don't know.
Where do you want to go to dinner?
I don't know where you want to go to dinner.
Well, somebody just made a goddamn decision.
All right, we're going to go to Applebee's.
That would be more the equivalent.
Okay, we'll just make dinner.
And Loki, whatever you want to do.
Applebee's, really?
All right, fine.
Whatever you want to do.
I'm over it.
Fine.
Sometimes it's just easier to agree
and let the argument end, to try to even bother.
Because at this point, you're just having an ill...
You're trying to argue logic with Nintendo,
and there just isn't any.
But they sold two million Switches, so...
I know. I know.
It's not that I disagree completely, Loki,
but it's one of those things...
I, too, really wish,
I think a lot of Nintendo fans really wish
we could figure out what the fuck is going on with Virtual Console,
and will I be able to take NES games on the go?
Or is Virtual Console going to be for GameCube games?
Or what the hell is Nintendo doing?
Because Nintendo does have a large back catalogue
I would like to be playing.
I think a lot of Nintendo fans are in that same boat.
So there are things I think even the most hardcore
Nintendo fans would agree with you on,
and those types of things.
They're just leaving money on the table.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
But at the same time,
Nintendo can just kind of do what they want,
and they sell two million, and it works.
So why not?
Well, I hope nothing else big comes out.
All right. Moving on.
Let's move on to talk about Gran Turismo Sport.
Hey, you want to talk about online mode being challenging?
Let's see what's happening on the PlayStation 4,
because here's the alternative, Loki.
Oh, I didn't even think what a great fucking follow-up
this was going to be, but here we go.
So Gran Turismo Sport came out this past week on Tuesday,
and guess what?
Because Gran Turismo Sport had the servers down
for a couple days,
you couldn't connect to the servers for a little bit.
I guess that was during the review cycle,
not after the game once came out, just to be fair.
But something that people were realizing is that
if you could not connect to the servers,
you couldn't play the game hardly at all.
Technically, you can play the game. Technically.
But you can't save your file.
Yes.
That's right. To save your fucking game,
you had to be online in order to save your game in arcade mode.
Yes, and I'm sure that plan will work out swingly.
I'm sure that that's not a terrible idea at all.
Why are they doing this?
Because it has to be.
Because they're assholes.
Well, they're not going to.
The official press release doesn't say,
we're doing this because we're assholes.
That's not how game companies spin.
Because they're courageous. We're so courageous.
The real reason is the link up between
Gran Turismo and the FIA,
which is an organization that runs motorsport around the world.
FIA Esports is an integral part of what they're trying to do
with Gran Theft Auto.
Gran Theft Turismo.
Gran Theft is a Gran Turismo sport.
So, saves being in the cloud,
that is meant to keep people from cheating,
so that they are not cheating within the game,
and all of that.
So, you can, I guess, thank cheaters for this being all online.
That is a load of horseshit.
It's like, if only we had the ability to create
a separate save profile for online and offline.
If only that were such a thing we could program,
but we just can't program it.
Now, so, Loki, keeping in mind that we just followed up
a story about Nintendo being a little bit behind.
Here we are, over on Sony's side,
and that's what this future looks like,
and it's kind of poopy caca.
Because at least to Nintendo's credit,
they've designed a system out of
pick up your game and take it out the building
where there's no Wi-Fi and you're good.
Like, you can play Skyrim wherever the fuck you want.
You don't need internet.
Single player? Not a problem.
It's online where we're challenged.
Exactly, you kind of have to have online
or they'll be able to have this online crap,
and they don't have online.
They have a tin can phone of online right now.
I mean, so, that's...
They have AOL dial-up.
And you know what?
If they grow as big as far as online goes,
you can bet that they're just dabbing
in this kind of bullshit, okay?
Don't get me...
We've got Animal Crossing still coming out.
Can't wait to see how that goes on mobile.
I mean, you know, just because
any company that does this sort of shit is dickish.
I mean, EA has done this.
Blizzard has done this kind of crap.
You know, with Diablo 3.
Yeah, I was gonna say, to be fair to, you know,
Sony and all that stuff,
it's not like games haven't had an
always online requirement before.
Any MMO is gonna require you to be online.
Any of them.
Like you said, Diablo 3.
And everybody thought,
oh, this is the end for Diablo.
Turns out it wasn't the always online part
that killed Diablo.
It was that auction house,
which is why it was always online.
But now the auction house is gone.
Diablo's kind of rad.
It's just, it's...
This excuse is dumb.
Because this reminds me exactly of SimCity with EA.
Because they said,
oh, I have to do all this online processing stuff in the cloud
because it's just not possible to push out these fucking
amazing physics and graphics.
That's a load of horseshit.
It was a load of horseshit.
And same reason for this.
Oh, we have to tie in this esports network.
What if I want to play offline
and I don't give a flying fuck about esports?
All right.
Quickly, before I go to your next story, Jamie,
anything you want to chime in on?
No, I want to do my story.
All right, fine.
Go ahead.
So they've put out the information on the amiibo
that will be coming out for Super Mario Odyssey.
Lots of interesting compatibility.
And one of the questions was about Peach's wedding dress.
Well, it works on Mario.
So I reckon if Link can run around in a Gerudo outfit,
then Mario can run around in a beautiful wedding dress.
Because you know what?
It's a good day for a white wedding.
But the image of Mario in a wedding dress is rad.
I love it.
And my favorite thing I saw on the entire internet
was a tweet that had that picture next to a still from Paris is Burning
that said Butch Queen first time at a ball.
I died.
So did they get the costumes from other people?
So could we do zero suit Samus with...
It would be cool, but I don't think this sleeveless is the right look for...
Sorry, strapless is the right look for Mario.
He's a little down on his hair grooming.
He's a little too bare for us.
It's real season two wedding realness.
Yeah, it is.
No, it's the...
Which season was it?
No, yeah, it was...
No, I'm talking about where the queens were dressing up,
the women's husbands or fiancés.
I think that was season six.
That was because it was Bianca.
That's what this is.
It's dressing up very, very, very hairy straight men.
No, I don't think it's the same as the half and half.
There was at least some waxing done.
Anyway, away from Drag Race talk for a minute here.
Well, I think it's cute.
It's not that serious.
A Mario game is not that serious,
and it's just one of those things where it's humorous.
You know there's going to be some bro dude who gets his mantis in a bunch.
And don't buy the amoeba.
Can he do peaches like float with this thing?
It'd be cool.
We don't know. That would be cool, though, if he could.
If a bro is that worried that Mario wearing a wedding dress in the game
is going to somehow impact this bro's sexuality or something,
then let me tell you, that bro has a lot of other problems
that have nothing to do with video games.
If something external is making you that uncomfortable with your own sexuality,
then maybe you were uncomfortable with it to begin with.
I have some confused feelings about Mario now.
It's such an awkward boner about it.
Anyway, there you go.
I'm excited for this game.
Not just that. I mean, I was already excited for Mario Odyssey.
But I think what kind of made me giggle about this
was that remember all the controversy about the sombrero wearing Mario
and people were like, how could you appropriate Mexican culture like that?
Whereas Act Deaf, who's here and lives in Mexico,
is like, actually, I think it's kind of funny.
And most people are not funny, but I think it's kind of rad.
And most people here think it's kind of adorable
and love to see ourselves represented like that and so forth.
I think this is just kind of one of those things
where it kind of just takes it a step further.
It's just like they're just silly costumes for fun that Mario...
It's like Halloween. People dress up as fun things.
It's not that serious.
Anyway.
Oh, I didn't realize Mariochi had a name.
Thank you, Act Deaf. That's a great name.
Mariochi.
All right.
Let's move on with another news story.
Loki.
All right.
So speaking of evil companies earlier,
Activision has decided...
Now, they've patented a technique that allows matchmaking
to influence players into buying microtransactions.
So how does this work?
Basically, in the matchmaking system,
you normally think that it would team you up with people
that are of equal skill level.
This actually would kind of fuck that whole system up
by teaming up against people that are slightly better than you,
and they would have certain unlockable gear
that you would want to buy.
And so with that, they kind of figure out which DLC
or loot boxes or whatever that you're interested in purchasing
and keep kind of taunting you with these players
that are better than you
and kind of trying to drive you into purchasing that stuff.
So basically, they've patented a way to break
the fucking matchmaking system at their own benefit.
But don't worry.
They haven't implemented any of their games yet.
They would fucking admit to that if that was a thing.
So I don't know.
But some of the examples they set in there...
For example, if a player purchased a particular weapon,
the microtransaction engine might match the player
in a gameplay session in which the particular weapon
is highly effective.
Yeah, right.
That's one of the ways that they're saying.
Or this might encourage players to make future purchases
to achieve similar gameplay results.
The matchmaking system would analyze player trends
such as latency and weapon preference
in order to place them in scenarios
that might lead them to buy certain items.
That's just sick.
It's sick.
And especially seeing how games like even Destiny
and just a lot of these games,
especially like this end of the year,
come out with like...
Didn't Bungie come out and say, though,
not in our game.
This is not here.
Stop. Get your tinfoil hats off.
They can say whatever the fuck they want.
Doesn't mean...
How are we going to prove if that's not the case?
How would we even prove that?
We can't prove that.
So they can say whatever the fuck they want.
I don't trust Activision.
I don't trust them.
Because this is a company that's taken stuff
that was a feature in a game,
the previous game, like Destiny,
like especially with the different shaders.
They've taken it and they've handicapped it now
and locked it behind loot boxes.
So I'm sorry.
It's like they keep grabbing for money
and EA's doing this shit now with loot boxes.
Everybody's doing loot boxes.
Not in the way that Overwatch is doing it.
And so what makes me...
If I see companies acting greedy,
what makes me think that I can trust them?
Why patent something like this
if you're not going to fucking use it?
You don't just come up with an idea like,
well, we'll just patent it for funsies.
I mean, no, they're going to do this
so that no one else can do it.
So Bobby Black Wolf,
who does the show before us here at VOG,
is needling your argument a little bit in chat,
getting you to think a little different here.
He says they could not do something
and I'd still hate them for it.
Kind of like hating Microsoft
because they thought about making the Xbox One
require an online connection
only to reverse course before the console comes out.
Exactly.
So you agree?
No, I agree.
You are agreeing with his point
that they could not do something
and you're going to hate them for it.
Right, because just the fact that they thought...
No, no, seriously though.
The fact that they went this far with an idea
and based on what we've seen so far.
So I'm basing off their past actions
like Call of Duty 4,
adding microtransactions to a game
that was good on its own.
They didn't need to put that in there.
Okay, because I'm sure Bobby's sitting there going,
well, that wasn't the response I expected.
What you're really trying to say is that
your issue is that
somebody in a boardroom at Activision
came up with this idea for a purpose
and based on Activision's track record,
which you don't think is so great
based on some of the other things they've done
in bringing Skylanders out, for example.
My kids try to watch that show.
Fuck, that's awful.
But yeah, it's...
So you are concerned that even though
Bungie is saying not in our game,
you go, because Activision bothered to take the time
to come up with it,
I'm still mad at them because this just shows
an assembly line of evil.
It's basically, it's kind of showing
where their mindset is.
And you see that with not only this patent,
but you see it with their past actions.
So with adding unnecessary loot boxes
and DLC systems into games
that didn't require them before.
Or for example, milking games,
milking franchises until they burn them into the ground,
a la Guitar Hero,
or even Skylanders if you want to go that far.
It's just, it's another example of the stuff
that we've seen them already doing.
And this is just taking it one step further.
And it's like, I wouldn't put it past them to do that.
Do I think that Destiny 2 has it in there?
I don't know, but I wouldn't put it past them to do that.
And just because it's not in there now,
who's to say that they couldn't do that on the back end
and you would be none the wiser?
I kind of feel like, Loki,
I actually kind of get where you're coming from.
Even looking at Bobby's counterpoint,
I understand the whole idea of,
I have trust issues with gaming companies
based on some of the shit I've seen in the past.
That part of it, I get.
But here's my thought, Loki,
is that you say, we can't prove it,
it could be in there and we don't know,
or anything like that.
Wouldn't Twitter figure that shit out in a heartbeat?
Like, hackers gonna hack, right?
Like, if something nefarious were to be happening in games,
people fucking are very observant
when it comes to things like patterns and changes.
Like, every time Pokemon Go does an update,
within five hours, somebody's gone in there
and hacked the update to tell you,
here's everything under the hood that's really changed.
Isn't that still gonna happen?
Isn't that gonna keep game companies accountable?
That's the part where I kind of disagree with you,
is I think if they change it, people are gonna find out.
They wouldn't know, because you're talking about,
you can hack the client all you want
and figure out what's in the client.
We're talking about matchmaking servers.
It's server software that's gonna be making these decisions.
And so whether, however, the client,
the client can just send over information
of what DLC you own, or like, the different stats,
or whatever, that they can probably sniff out,
if that's still a thing.
But I don't know how their algorithm's
working with something like this,
but to actually see the process of how they're matchmaking,
that's all on the server side.
You're not gonna actually get to see that.
Well, Dungeon Buster, with a fair kind of counterpoint,
without saying, people are still guesstimating RNG
in a wide range of MMOs.
So I mean, the scientific method, if you will,
could still be applied.
Well, and even with RNG stuff,
I mean, what's it say?
Because I've been in different games,
and it hasn't perfectly matched me with people.
Is that because of something like this,
or is that because it's just a shitty matchmaking process,
or based on the players that were available,
that was the closest they could match?
How are you gonna know?
There's so many factors.
But it's just the mindset that they would come up
with an idea like this that's evil.
That is what's evil.
I wanna do something a little unusual here on OLR,
but I really feel like there's another important
follow-up point that needs to be made.
Loki, can you get into your next story you have on show rule?
I wanna do things out of order here.
Sorry, Jamie.
But there's a reason.
So EA, they have shut down Visceral Games.
So Visceral Games was, of course,
they had produced different games,
like Battlefield Hardline,
of course the Dead Space series,
and they were working on a new Star Wars game.
Apparently they're saying now that Visceral Studios
has been developing an action-adventure title
set in the Star Wars universe,
which I think I've heard people describe it
as kind of like an uncharted type of game,
more of a single-player experience.
They're saying in its current form,
it was shaping up to be a story-based linear adventure game.
Throughout the development process,
we've been testing the game concepts with players,
listening to feedback about what and how they want to play,
and closely tracking fundamental shifts in the marketplace.
It has become clear the delivered experience of players
will want to come back to and enjoy for a long time to come.
We need to pivot the design.
So they're going to be ramping down and closing,
and I guess they're saying that a development team
from across worldwide studios
will take over developing Ragtag,
which was the game that they were,
the code name for the Star Wars game,
led by EA Vancouver,
a team that has already been working on the project.
Steve Anthony will lead this team,
and we will use much of the work
that has been done to date by Visceral
and the assets of Ragtag have already been built
will be the foundation of this new game.
So to make a long story short...
I'm sorry.
And then, of course, the assumption is
it's safe to presume that the new incarnation of the Star Wars game
will evolve to a Games as a Service element.
Right.
So to make a long story short, essentially,
it sounds like a single-player Star Wars...
We'll say Star Wars Uncharted, for lack of a better word.
Or Tomb Raider.
Or Tomb Raider was canceled in favor of a Star Wars Destiny.
Granted, I am oversimplifying this scenario,
but, you know, since most things are broken down
into a 140-character tweet these days anyway,
that is the Twitter version of what's going on here.
And you can see why I'm having you bring this up now
as a follow-up to what you just talked about,
because this has caused a huge conversation on the internet
and everywhere this week about
are single-player experiences done for?
Are we at a point where everything has to be fucking multiplayer
because game companies like EA, like Activision,
see it as the only way to recoup these large budgets...
No, no, no, no.
It's not the only way to recoup.
There's just a lot of money in online games
because you're basically...
You're constantly having stuff for sale.
Whereas a single-player game,
you're gonna have limited expansions and stuff like that.
They found out they can go the mobile route
and they can constantly have things for sale,
consumables for sale,
and then that'll tempt people into buying that stuff
and they can keep going that route,
like Grand Theft Auto Online has done with shark cards
and stuff like that,
trying to tempt you to get in that type of behavior pattern.
It's not...
They can say that all they want.
The AAA industry is not entirely 100% accurate on this stuff,
and that's fine.
They can go that route because, guess what?
There's a healthy, thriving indie marketplace,
and if they don't make the games that people want,
they will come in and make the games for you.
So they'll come out and make single-player experiences that you'll like,
but to think that that's the only way that they can recoup their money,
I'm sorry.
Maybe don't make games that fucking big.
If you have such a problem recouping your money
on these multi-million dollar games,
maybe lower the scope a bit so that you're not...
There's no reason you need to make these big,
blockbuster, graphically intense, licensed games.
Just make good games.
And I don't buy the bullshit for one second
that they need to have these microtransactions.
Yeah, they would like to tow that line,
and they would like to have people defend that,
because, oh, they gotta run those servers and shit.
Yes, I get it.
They have to pay for that stuff.
But you know what?
They've managed just fine before all this stuff happened.
It's now they got a taste of the money they can make from it,
and so that's why you're gonna see games come, you know,
with more and more of these types of things.
And that's fine.
If you're fine with that and you wanna tow that line,
that's the defense that they wanna take,
then go ahead and partake in those games.
I personally am not going to partake in those games,
because it's bullshit.
So at the end of the day, vote with your wallet.
That's gonna say the loudest thing at all.
Yeah.
Well, and you know, I know again earlier
you were picking on Nintendo a little bit
for some of their choices, but I can't help but think,
well, gosh, probably what's going to be
the best single-player experience of this year.
I mean, it's up for debate.
But certainly Zelda Breath of the Wild
is gonna be in everybody's top three or top five somewhere, right?
So, and then I'm sure, you know, the game's not out yet,
so we can't tell, but I have a pretty good feeling
Mario Odyssey is also going to deliver
a strong single-player experience.
So it is kind of interesting to me that
Nintendo now is seeming to rise up as that,
which is weird because Nintendo is also that party company, right?
Especially when it was the Wii.
It was like party games, party games, party games.
But like, I do feel like it's very hard to argue
that Zelda and likely Mario are going to be
probably two of the strongest single-player experiences.
So it's, Loki, I guess the reason why I'm bringing this up
is it's like, doesn't that kind of leave you with
Nintendo as like the choice to kind of go to with your wallet
because they're making those experiences?
No, it doesn't. They make good single-player games.
Sony makes good single-player games as well.
So I don't understand the argument that they think that it has to go all online
because there's a lot of games that they have
that are great single-player experiences that don't need online.
Uncharted, for example, has a great single-player experience.
Yeah, they kind of shoehorned some online in there.
Honestly, I don't think it's that great.
But they have, you know, lots of great single-player experience games.
Even with, Microsoft has some pretty good single-player games out there.
But I don't think it's going away forever.
I mean, especially when you're talking about games,
especially when they start shutting down these servers and stuff,
people don't want to invest in a single-player game because,
or in a multiplayer game like that,
that they know that eventually might get shut down
and their copy's completely useless.
Like, imagine when the servers get shut down for Gran Turismo Sport.
That's kind of crap.
All right, let me get to our chat because there's,
I just turned to look at chat and it's lighting up over there.
So let's get some voices from our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Come on, Noel Gus, talks about Nintendo saying single-player
but amiibos are their loot boxes.
Mega Man X400 in chat says single-player games have large budgets
and when they don't sell five million copies, it's deemed a failure.
Square Enix deemed Tomb Raider a failure
until it sold over seven million copies.
SG100Matt says EA Sports makes more money with their in-game transaction services
than actual sales of the games.
Bobby says in a series here,
Random Joe Gamer doesn't want pixelated shit from indies.
They want big-budget, graphically impressive games.
That's what the wallets say.
I get where you're going with that
but then once in a while,
we have these like runaway fucking successes of the indie scene
like Minecraft, like Stardew Valley.
But to be fair, Minecraft is a game that is also online.
This cup had come out recently and that sold really well.
Okay, fair enough.
It's recent but people have been hyping that thing up forever.
And once again, here's the thing about it.
Let me quickly finish Bobby's point, sorry.
Andy is saying that's what the wallets are saying.
Wallets are voting for Games as a Service plus loot boxes.
And to be fair, and this is a point that is hard to dispute,
the top games played on Steam were PUBG, as I call it,
or Player Unknown Battleground, and Dota.
We did vote with our wallets. We voted for this.
Sorry, Loki. You want to finish your thought?
I definitely want to ask Jamie a different spin on this question.
Yeah, but they haven't always had loot boxes in PUBG to begin with.
Dota, that's a free-to-play game.
So, I mean, once again, free-to-play.
I don't really have a problem if you have loot boxes in a free-to-play game
because I didn't pay for the game.
So if I put money down for that, it's not a big deal
because it's like making a purchase for the game.
I have a problem when I drop $60 or something
and then they want more money on top of it
to get the full game and to get all this other crap.
So that's my problem because that's the double dipping that you see there.
And as far as indie games not selling as much, they don't have to
because, once again, they're an indie studio.
They don't need to make as much money
because they didn't put as much of a budget into it.
That's what I'm saying.
You don't need to recoup as much money
if you don't put as much money into it.
And you can still come up with a quality game.
There's a lot of really high-quality looking indie games
and they don't have to sell 7 million copies to make their money back.
Jamie, I want to ask you this question
because I know when it comes to a lot of the newer stuff
that's not really your bread and butter.
You really enjoy the classic games.
There are newer things that I know you enjoy like Danganronpa and things,
but those aren't necessarily the AAA titles either.
So let me ask you... Well, not here.
So let me ask you this because you're obviously listening to a lot of this
and this whole thing and although I know you don't really care about Destiny so much
and some of these things, let me ask you this question.
When you think about the future of the gaming industry
and hearing a lot of this that's going on
and knowing about what's going on, the loot bosses and stuff,
when you think about the future of the gaming industry,
are you hopeful or are you scared?
I wouldn't say I was scared. I'm a bit apprehensive.
More or less that it's just more and more how the big title games
are not going to be what draws my attention.
The more hype something is, the more suspect I am of it.
So I think though that as long as the indie development scene stays strong
and that most of these people can actually stay independent
and do things for the passion of the games,
then I feel good about that part of it.
But the big title stuff, I'll be honest,
I'm not interested in being a part of that machine.
Mass Effect aside.
And Dragon Ball.
Well, even with Mass Effect, because the chat room is obviously very tongue-in-cheek
saying, but Mass Effect and so forth,
okay, well, there's always exceptions to every rule, right?
So Dark Saga has Mass Effect.
Even with Mass Effect, fans are really hurt by what the machine did to Andromeda.
Yeah, I'm not going to buy Anthem. It's not getting my money.
I refuse because of how Mass Effect was treated.
And some people would say that's apples and oranges type of thing.
But in a way, it's kind of interesting because you saying that
is similar to how he says, I don't trust Activision to not implement this.
Just like this would be why I'd be worrying about BioWare
because I don't trust EA.
Look at Visceral. Look at all the other companies they've shut down
because of this kind of bullshit.
BioWare, their clock is ticking, sadly.
I do want to transition to another news story here and move on with our show.
But let me try to end, because the chat is very debating right now,
and it's great. I think these healthy debates are good.
But let me try to end on a positive note here.
What can EA Activision,
what can these larger third-party developers do to make you happy?
I guess for lack of a better term.
Keep their fucking fingers out of the franchises we love.
Stop trying to double dip on this shit.
Remember, they fucking pulled this stupid online pass bullshit not too long ago.
Remember, this is the same companies that did this kind of crap
because they needed this extra money, they claim.
Or it was a way to pirate used game sales.
All these excuses that they say that their games are not successful.
Their games are successful. They're making billions of fucking dollars a year.
So don't give me this bullshit that you're not making enough money.
They're making enough money. They just want more of it.
Because why? Why not? You always want more money.
But at what expense? You're going to basically sell out your user base.
And granted, there's people like, for example, Madden or FIFA
that buy the game each year because they're fans of that franchise.
They love the franchise and they'll keep buying it because they support that franchise.
But they're using that dedication to this franchise to shove this stuff in
because they're doing it a little bit at a time.
So that, you know, it's, oh, this is kind of a minor irritation.
But I love the game, I'm going to keep playing.
Oh, but they're adding something else this year.
Oh, okay, well, they're going to keep slowly integrating that stuff in there
until it finally becomes this mobile market almost.
And that's not good. And the problem is people being dedicated to this
are not really taking a stand to, you know, fight off the stuff.
Because they're like, well, remember the whole Call of Duty thing?
Like the non-dedicated servers and stuff like that.
Oh, man, I'm not buying Call of Duty this year. I'm boycotting it.
We're going to create this Steam group to boycott it.
And then everybody bought it.
It's just if you're going to actually put your foot down and not buy something,
you have to follow through with that.
And the problem is it's going to take a lot of people to do that.
And we've seen this already with some of the stuff where they have kind of
backed off of things because of, you know, the backlash from it.
I want to say Star Wars did that for a little bit.
The Battlefront II stuff, they've kind of backed off a little bit on that,
but not entirely.
So it's just going to be, I don't know, it's just going to be seen.
They're going to emulate what's going to sell well.
So if single player games are selling well, they're going to put out single player games.
If MMOs and Destiny, or if Overwatch is selling well, which it is,
they're going to make games like Overwatch.
They're just monkey see, monkey do.
Here's my hot take. Take it or leave it.
My suggestion to these companies would be what can you do for less money?
And I know that seems like a loaded question, but hear me out here.
Because instead of, and I don't mean to get games that are made on a cheaper budget,
I don't mean acquiring indies and things like that.
I mean using your talent and your resources that you already have.
What can you do for less money once in a while?
You don't necessarily have to do every game for less money.
Let me use Hollywood as an example.
I mean, after all, many of us kind of view the similarities in games and movies all the time.
So for example, I guess what I'm saying is not every video game has to be Titanic.
Obviously, Titanic was one of the biggest movies of all time.
At the time it was released, the biggest movie of all time,
but it also had a very big budget to go with it, right?
But I believe it was the same year or the year after Titanic came out,
there was another movie that actually, for its return on investment,
made more money based off of its budget than Titanic, basically,
when you break it down to percentages.
And it was a little comedy called There's Something About Mary.
You all remember that movie? Right?
So that movie...
That movie was fucking stupid.
It was stupid, but many people saw it because it made them laugh.
Or another example around the same time frame would be the Blair Witch Project,
which also kind of had its issues, but was made dirt cheap,
and then made a lot, a lot of money.
But that was a little more about an indie or so on.
So there's something about Mary example there is that that was still a big Hollywood studio,
and they used some of their higher talent, Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller,
but they made a movie that was a little cheaper to make,
and they made a great investment off of that game
using resources that were within Hollywood and so forth.
So I guess my point is, I understand that gamers want the big graphics,
they want the big explosions, they want all of that,
and that's cool to do one or two of those games a year,
but does every game have to be that, or isn't there room for Mary?
Well, perfect example, they go back to the whole gaming industry about it too,
and this is going to be another one, look at PUBG.
PUBG doesn't have the greatest graphics in the world,
it's all about the gameplay, that's what gamers care about.
Or fucking Minecraft.
Or does the game play well, that's what it matters.
Like you could have a game like Battlefront, like Star Wars Battlefront,
it looked fucking gorgeous.
Was the gameplay there? Not exactly.
And the content was very limited as well,
because they spent all this time making the game look so nice that
they didn't put out any maps.
So that's the problem, it's like you have a game like PUBG
that's fucking running away, it's insane with the whole popularity and everything,
the graphics aren't like the top notch, but you know what, it's cheap,
it's functional, it works, it looks nice,
it doesn't have to be like fucking cinematic or anything,
but it's fun, and that's what's got people engaged, it's like gameplay.
You can make the game look so fucking amazing, beautiful and everything,
but it could play like absolute shit.
Like, I don't know, Mass Effect, the gameplay in the new Mass Effect,
I mean the game looks nice, but maybe the gameplay wasn't all there.
Actually the gameplay was pretty good.
Yeah, the gameplay was fine.
Fine, whatever, I don't play the game, so whatever.
It suffered for other reasons, it's fine.
My point is, there are games that they focus a lot on the graphics of the game
and everything, when they really should be focusing on the gameplay,
because that's what's really doing it.
And much to the fact that you're talking about the Blair Witch project and stuff,
studios saw that they can make a ton of money from these found footage.
And that's what they're doing, because it's a technique that they found
they can make a ton of bank on, and that's why they're doing microtransactions.
But at the same time, that's also why everybody's doing Battle Royale.
That's why, yes, exactly.
And the industry will follow what's popular, regardless of how much money they dump into it,
because I can tell you right now, they didn't dump that much money into PUBG,
where they needed to sell 7 million copies to recoup their money.
So that's the thing.
You're going to see more games like that, because they need to emulate it,
because they want to ride the coattails of that to make some money,
because they think that's where people want to go.
That's the type of games they want to play.
It ends up being a fun game.
You can make other fun games that are different concepts.
You don't have to copy everything.
Really good discussion, you guys, for time.
I'm going to move on, though.
But if you want to elaborate, you have more thoughts on this,
feel free to drop us a line at some point.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com,
or maybe a little later in the show we'll have some time to take some calls.
So let's move on for now, though, and talk a little bit about
an interesting publishing move, I suppose,
and an interesting headline that really will grab your attention.
Is Sony about to make Nintendo Switch games?
Kind of, is the answer there.
So here's what's going on, is that Sony, in a Japanese press release,
announced a publishing label named Unties,
which is trying to, I guess, find indie games,
such as, I think, Tiny Metal is the first game they've teamed up with.
They are going to release this game on PlayStation 4,
Nintendo Switch, and PC.
You'll notice there's a company that's very absent from that,
but to be fair, this is Japanese based and Microsoft is not a factor in Japan.
That could be playing into it too.
Don't they have a portable console too?
Not anymore.
Are we talking about Vita, what?
Good point. Anyway, the game is coming out on November 21st,
and some other games that will be published by this company.
Last Standard, and a tank game called Merkava Avalanche,
which is only for PC right now.
There's also a game called Demo Reborn
that's headed for PlayStation VR as well as PC as well.
So, anyway, it's interesting that this Sony arm is looking at publishing,
not just on Sony platforms.
I mean, I could go really old school and say,
well, it's not the first time that Sony's worked with Nintendo
because one of my favorite games they ever did release on Super Nintendo
was Equinox.
And that was a Super Nintendo game that, when you boot it up,
has Sony ImageSoft's logo in the beginning of it.
And, of course, they originally collaborated with them to make the PlayStation.
Sure, sure, which, you know, we never have that.
But anyway, obviously, that's old news at this point.
You know, we're digging up shit from 20, 30 years ago.
But it is interesting to see that Sony is kind of going,
okay, well, if there's money to be made by doing this,
then we're going to do it.
But it's also, it's not really Sony's name.
It's Sony owns this publishing arm,
but it sounds like they can kind of work independently
and maybe don't have to do everything 100% Sony.
So, kind of interesting.
Dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I think they also published the hook movie game.
And actf says, Mickey Mania was published by Sony too.
Yeah, I mean, back in the day, in the 8-bit and 16-bit,
you know, before Sony, you know, like we said,
attempted the PlayStation, and then they separated
and went their own direction with it.
And look where we are now.
You know, before then, Sony was publishing games.
But to be fair, it's a little apples and oranges
versus what was happening in the 90s
and what's happening today, especially now
that we're throwing PC into the mix as well,
which is, you know, a very wide open type of platform.
So, anyway, it'd be interesting to see what develops from that.
But at this time, you know, when you see a headline like that,
don't fucking assume that, oh, Uncharted is going to come out
on Nintendo Switch. No, no, no, no.
It's not going to happen like that.
Not for a good long time for some serious things
to change in the industry first.
Meanwhile, back to what's happening today.
Dark Sakura, you have something for us.
Yeah, I'll keep it quick.
Pokemon Go, with their newest update,
they put in something that detects apps that can be used for spoofing.
Big anti-cheat protection that actually pops up a little window
saying that, yeah, we detect this stuff, knock it off.
But 20 minutes later, they already figured it out.
So, they actually, as far as I can tell, took out that little pop-up now,
I guess, until they can find another way to keep it from being circumvented.
But, yeah, you know, they're trying, I think, to go the route of warning
before going the full perma-ban.
So, I don't know. I don't do that.
I don't think it ruins the game because, honestly enough,
it doesn't affect how I play it.
So, I don't care what these other people do.
I don't like the spoofing of the gems and all that.
That kind of ruins it.
I don't do gems, though.
Really? Well, I do. So, I don't like it.
And the spoofing really fucks up Ingress,
and Ingress had its whole other set of drama this week,
which, you know, not to get too far into that, Loki, you saw that one, right?
Finally, the fucking receipts came out on why your Guardians went down on day 89.
But, anyway, that's a whole other story.
That wasn't spoofing, per se, but that was a whole other...
It was.
Yeah, it can be. Sometimes it is.
It was in this case because it's closed unless they were doing some major trespassing.
True, true.
Anyway, spoofing in GPS games is bad.
But usually we're into, to Jamie's credit, where Pokémon kind of escapes this,
is that for a lot of people, catching them all,
it doesn't matter how other people catch them all.
And if you do avoid the gym game, then the spoofing thing doesn't matter.
But I think for the integrity of the game, it's probably for the best.
Because if Niantic's going to continue to do these region exclusives
for Pokémon like Farfetch'd, let's say,
if it was open wide for people to be spoofing and stuff,
then when they open up trading eventually,
those regional exclusives are going to lose a lot of value, if that makes sense.
Yeah.
I appreciate them trying to do something.
So all they're doing is just checking what the app name is,
because that's kind of lame, because you can just rename your apps anyways,
especially if you're running a system that's rooted to be able to spoof that stuff.
I don't know if we necessarily know 100% of what they're doing,
because some of it's kind of behind the scenes.
I thought that they had better detection of that stuff on Ingress,
but it seems like there's spoofers all over the place,
so I don't understand why this is still such a problem.
It's been getting better, and they're getting banned faster,
but it's not fixed.
Sounds like it's probably manual with them then.
Perhaps.
Manually detecting stuff.
Perhaps.
All right, well, one more story before we get to our classic game of the week,
and it has to do with checking in on Microsoft and the Xbox
and the original Xbox compatibility.
Yes, it is still coming for 2017,
and that's according to Phil Spencer over at Xbox.
He says that people are going to talk about specifically
how compatibility is going to work on Xbox One X,
and I think people will find it pretty interesting.
But apparently there is a leak or something that made its way onto Reddit
that there was some games that were actually listed for original Xbox titles,
so people are anticipating that these games would actually make their way
to the Xbox compatibility.
We know about Crimson Skies, but also Fusion Frenzy,
Red Faction 2, Dead to Rights, and King of Fighters Neo Wave
are all anticipated to be in that first Neo Wave,
if you will, of Xbox compatible games.
So that would be pretty cool.
And I'm curious what he talks about with the Xbox One X doing it uniquely.
I'm curious to see what that's going to entail.
Unfortunately, I don't own a lot of original Xbox games,
and none of them were on that list,
but I'll be curious to see what happens.
All right.
Well, let's take a trip down memory lane
and visit some other classic games that you could play today
if you just take a little damn effort.
Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you brats should be checking out this game.
Stop spoofing in Pokémon Go and stop opening loot boxes
and play this instead.
Dark Soccer, what's the classic in the league?
Well, while I've been on my Irem kick lately,
I decided to pick another Irem game,
a different type of shooter that they did called Image Fight.
Y'all remember that one?
No, I never played it, to be honest.
Image Fight came out in 1988, and it came out in arcade.
It was also out on the NES, the PC Engine in Japan,
the Sharp X68000, and the FM Towns,
which I have covered the FM Towns for a previous system of the month.
So basically, it is a horizontal shooter,
although it's supposed to have, well,
it does have actually a number of similarities with R-Type.
You play a ship that actually ended up in R-Type Final
called the OF-1 Daedalus,
and then you basically just go around shooting shit.
You get this thing called a pod,
which is a small colored sphere that has gun barrels on it,
kind of like an option in some of the Gradius games.
But the pod will float beside you.
You get a red pod that changes direction based on how you move the ship,
so it can be aimed at other enemies,
and then the blue pod, which will always point forward,
but it's more powerful, just a little bit less versatile.
You also get the pod shot,
where your side pods can be launched at high speed,
kind of like how you shoot the front shield in R-Type,
and then it will circle back and come back to the ship.
So you can use them like they're projectiles as well.
So, like I said, it has quite a few things in common with R-Type.
You also have different speed controls
so that you can be a little bit more precise,
and you have little transformations that will happen with the main ship,
like the wings angling back down if you're going at higher speeds,
and the thruster color of the ship changes.
And you can use, basically when you make the change,
the thrusters will shoot out a blue flame
that you can use as a weapon to damage other enemies too.
And then you get these things called forces.
They're these little kind of butterfly-like things
that attach to the front of the ship.
They're very much like the force in R-Type,
and they'll turn your blaster into a stronger laser.
They're also a shield of sorts as well,
but these can't be ejected,
so you only can eject your pods like you could the force in R-Type.
Once you have it attached, you can't pick up a new one,
but you can get different ones,
and the names of the various weapons actually come from R-Type finals,
so it really has a lot.
It's supposed to be a different universe,
so it really does have a lot in common with R-Type.
So as for those versions that came out,
we had, of course, the NES version,
and in Japan there was the PC Engine,
Sharp X68000, and the FM Towns, which came out in 1990.
The PC Engine version came out in Japan on Virtual Console,
and then Image Fight was also released in Japan
for PlayStation and Saturn with another game called X-Multiply,
so it was released in a compilation there.
There was a sequel called Image Fight 2 Operation Deep Striker,
which just makes me laugh.
It came out on PC Engine Super CD-ROM,
which I kind of would like it,
because I really only have two other arcade card games,
although if somebody can get me a Duo RX,
please let me know, because I want to use arcade card games.
But it was also re-released for Virtual Console in Japan.
And like I said, the ship from this game, the Daedalus,
was part of the ship, so you could choose from an R-Type final,
and it was called the OF Series.
So there you go.
And also, now this was referenced by the creator of Radiant Silver Gun,
Iuchi Hiroshi, who said that Image Fight was the inspiration for Radiant Silver Gun.
And Itagaki, you know, dead or alive guy,
basically said that Image Fight is one of his favorite games.
That's some big endorsements.
Yeah.
I hadn't played Image Fight since I was a kid,
at least an early teenager.
So remembering that this was another Irem game actually was kind of fun.
So Image Fight's the classic game.
All right. There it is, your classic game of the week, Image Fight.
Check it out.
And I have to admit, this is one.
I didn't play a lot, a lot of shooter games, though,
so I'm not surprised I missed this one, but this is one I've been learning about tonight.
But some of our chatters were familiar with this.
Dark Tetsuya saying, I played Image Fight, too.
It's pretty great.
It was emulated, but it was still pretty fun.
Well, sometimes emulators are all you got,
but do try to find the originals if you can.
But seriously, if someone can get me a Duo RX on the cheap,
I'm actually very serious about that.
I know.
You know, like maybe 100 instead of, you know, 250.
Like, I found them.
Jamie wants a Duo RX.
It needs to be in the vault.
All right.
Before we let you go, because I know, Jamie,
you're not going to be able to join us for the second half tonight
because you have other things to tend to,
but did you want to quickly throw out your rapid fire stories before you go?
Sure.
I'll throw them up for you.
Bah.
Bleh.
Anyway, Destiny 2 was going to have trials,
and they've actually been pulled off.
They've delayed them for two weeks because of a glitch
that would put players out of bounds to hide using their emotes.
So, yeah, that's been put aside.
But the emote that they got you out of bounds of was the funniest part of that.
Hmm.
Which one was it?
The silly walk.
Oh, yeah.
I'm looking at it now.
Oh, it's totally Monty Python as well.
That's great.
And then two more characters released, well, sorry,
announced for Dragon Ball FighterZ,
which honestly enough kind of surprises me
because I don't think they've been in any of the home fighting games
or at least super playable,
but it's Captain Ginyu, which would be fun.
I mean, I wonder if he'll have the whole body swap thing.
That would be really, really crazy if he did.
And Napa, so there you go.
New characters.
Yeah, but I have certain other characters that I'd like to see in it that are playable.
Well, it's not over yet, so maybe you'll get that in a future week.
I want them to put in some of the new characters from Dragon Ball Super.
Like, I'd like to see Ribrianne in it
because she's just absolutely hilarious.
Total spoof character on the magical girl genre.
And I want Caulifla, the other lady Saya Jean
because she's kind of badass.
Well, crossing my fingers and toes, you get what you want.
I want to get what I want.
Whatever, I do what I want.
All right, Jamie, before you leave us tonight, your final thought, please.
It doesn't matter how old you are, Halloween is for everybody.
You can go trick-or-treating as an adult.
Have a good costume.
Yeah, you have to have a good costume.
And donate your candy to children who are needy.
All right.
But save the good ones for yourself.
All right, that's going to do it for the first part of our show,
but we still have more to come, including your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype,
and we're going to get to your emails.
We do have a couple of those tonight.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
See, Jamie leaves early, so she makes me read them instead.
No, I'm just kidding.
But I'm looking forward to all that when we come back after a quick break
with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode 705 of our show already in progress
for this October 22nd, 2017.
I can't believe it's almost Halloween.
Man, how time flies.
Jamie has left the building, but JD has his own mic now,
so maybe you can hear from him a little more this segment.
Let's hope.
Let's hope.
How are you doing over there, JD? Enjoying the show so far tonight?
Yeah, it's been good.
Good.
So, hey, I thought the listeners would get a kick out of this
because we went to the mall yesterday, and there's this new store there
that I'd never seen before, and it was nothing but import candy.
We haven't had a good OLR foodio segment tonight,
so what kind of import candy did we get and eat?
Because we're fat, but that's all right. I'm fat, not you.
I mean, I am trying to lose weight, but...
Well, that ain't gonna help.
Yeah, we got matcha Kit Kats, the green tea flavor.
Yeah.
We got the, there was like a Mozart piano bar of chocolate.
What does that even taste like? Did you eat it yet?
I haven't opened it yet. I think it's marzipan, but I'll have to check.
Yeah.
Marzipan's good.
Various Kit Kats that were Oreo or cookies and cream or peanut butter or something.
Yeah, Kit Kats from, because this place not just had Japanese import candy,
but it had from Great Britain.
Yeah, it had European.
Where Cadbury's really good.
Right, so we checked the labels, and it wasn't Cadbury in the US,
because that's owned by Hershey's or somebody.
It was Cadbury UK, which is definitely better.
Yeah.
They had arrows. We didn't get any of them.
No, because they didn't have the mint arrows, which is my favorite flavor.
They didn't have the, like, regular generic chocolate ones.
They even had pretty big Toblerones.
Yeah.
I don't know if it was a giant Toblerone, but...
Whereas, it's funny, because I can just imagine,
like, we have some overseas listeners in the UK right now going,
really? You guys, like, freak out about that?
But we don't, we never see it here.
It would be like if I sent you pumpkin pie pop tarts,
which is like, it's what they have at Target right now.
You can get that anyway.
Or what's the candy they don't get overseas?
The Wonka candy, like, Laffy Taffy.
Is that Wonka?
Yeah, I think so. I think it's one of the earlier ones.
The Gobstoppers, which are okay. I think they're nerds.
Nerds are also, yeah.
That's the big nerds. You don't get that overseas.
They also had UK Smarties.
Yeah. Which here, Smarties are, like, different.
Little tiny chalky things, yeah.
They're like chalky, tangy things, whereas it's like M&Ms.
I think they're like our sweet tarts.
Yeah.
Oh, good question. William 2DS XL Face asks,
did they have Stroopwafel?
I didn't look for that, but Stroopwafel, like,
Starbucks sells a knockoff Stroopwafel thing now.
Like, those things are showing up everywhere.
I don't think it's a grocery store now.
I don't think it's a knockoff,
because it's not like a trademark brand.
Yeah.
But yeah, we saw when we went to Starbucks yesterday.
Waffle cookies.
Somebody was eating a Stroopwafel, so.
And then William also asks, what about Kinder eggs?
I didn't even think to look for those, but I think-
I thought they don't sell those anymore.
Yeah, I think it's still-
I think they're still illegal.
It's still illegal to sell those here, I think,
because it is still a store in the U.S.,
so I don't think you can technically sell those.
Right.
Yeah, so I didn't see those.
I heard they were supposed to release Kinder eggs in the U.S.,
but they were gonna be different where, like,
the shell was wrapped, and you had to open that,
and then, I don't know how-
Yeah.
It was gonna- Italian wasn't even the same thing.
They were gonna, like, make it idiot-proof or something.
Yeah.
Yeah, basically, like, you tear apart the two halves of the shell,
and it's two individually wrapped pieces of candy.
Which is not the same thing.
Yeah, it's not the same thing. It's really not.
Anyway, there you go, your little candy break here at OLR.
Now that I've given you all a sweet tooth,
let's get into some rapid-fire news, Loki.
So, this is very exciting, but one of the-
one of my favorite games to play in the arcade
used to be the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle 4-player arcade cabinet, and-
Who didn't like that game?
Yeah, exactly.
Who didn't like that game?
Who doesn't like that?
Except for the fact that it would, like,
go through your entire roll of quarters.
Right. Well, that opportunity may present itself again,
because guess what?
Raw Thrills is making a brand new TMNT 4-player arcade cabinet
based off of the new- of the Nickelodeon show.
So, it's gonna be four players with a giant 55-inch HD screen.
Doesn't Raw Thrills do all those ticket spinner games, though?
And there are redemption options, so you can spit-
well, you can spit tickets, but it's an option.
You don't need to do that.
Isn't that weird, though?
I mean, it's not weird.
It's, like, one of those kind of obvious but sad things now,
where it's like, in order to have an arcade game,
it has to have a ticket option now,
because that's what arcades are.
Yeah.
It was like, JD and I went to the casino here locally,
because JD had never been to a casino-
well, since you were 21 and not been to a casino.
Yeah.
So, I was like, let's go gamble.
So, we went to one of the local casinos here,
which, you know, they have on Native American land,
they are allowed to build casinos.
That's why we have some casinos in California, but not a lot.
So, we went to a local place of the freeway here, Red Hawk,
which we picked because it's closest,
but you asked, you were like,
oh, should we go to the arcade?
And you're probably thinking, like,
oh, they probably got DDR and all that stuff there.
And I'm like, it's going to be a bunch of nothing but ticket spitters.
Like, it is not- if you want to go play DDR,
you got to go to round one or something, you know?
I was going to say, like-
Or Dave & Buster's, at least.
I'd heard decent things about casino arcades in Reno,
but, like, Reno is more of a big gambling thing than-
I used to go to the Circus Circus arcade all the time in Reno.
I think they closed, didn't they?
No, I don't know.
Circus Circus is still going in Reno.
You know, I was thinking the Sahara.
Yeah, oh, no, the Sahara's in Vegas.
Right, right.
Yes, it closed.
But the Sahara's going to reopen with a new name,
and I think they probably renovated the building.
That's all Vegas.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But Vegas, you have other options.
Like, you can go to the Pinball Museum in Vegas.
Of course, there's a Pinball Museum in the Bay Area, too, if I remember right.
It's in Alameda.
Yeah.
So, and I talked a couple weeks ago.
We went on that random jaunt over to Oakland
and went to that- I can't remember the name of it now.
It wasn't a museum, but it was a-
The Video Game History Museum.
Oh, it was a museum.
Okay, Video Game History Museum.
So, it was fun.
Anyway, sorry we talked about museums as a tangent from your Ninja Turtles game,
but maybe the old Ninja Turtles game will turn up in a museum someday.
It belongs in a museum.
It does.
It's my childhood right there.
Just put a full round table pizza with that in a museum.
Well, anyways, they're showing this off.
It's going to be at the IAPA.
So, looks neat.
I mean, just trying to kind of peek at the screenshot there.
I mean, it looks pretty.
I hope a game like that does end up coming to consoles,
because, shit, modern arcades aren't really running on proprietary hardware anymore.
It's pretty much all PCs.
Right.
Right.
I don't know.
I want to see that.
I definitely will check it out and play it.
If I ever get around to an arcade, it has it.
So, pretty awesome.
And then, speaking of cool games, they've got some mini games
that are within the new Resident Evil Revelation games
that are being ported over the Switch.
So, the Switch versions of Resident Evil Revelations 1 and 2
will have a new raid mode in it,
and each of those are going to have kind of a special mini game.
So, the first one in Revelations 1 is going to be Ghost Ship Panic,
and it's like a vertical shooter.
And then, they also have, in the second one,
they're going to have Ghouls and Homunculi,
which is kind of a spoof of Ghosts and Goblins.
So, that's pretty awesome.
Oh, I see.
So, they're, like, spoofing their own games.
Yeah, because it's Capcom.
Cute.
They can do that.
Of course.
If you're interested in checking those out,
they'll be coming out on the Switch on November 28th.
Dartusuya says,
I saw some video of those modes.
The Ghost Ship one looked okay,
but the Ghost and Goblins knockoff sounded neat.
So, yeah.
All right.
Moving over to a possible new release on the Nintendo Switch from Ubisoft.
Uno is a game that they're looking at releasing on the Nintendo Switch.
Apparently, this is through a recent PEGI rating,
which is, you know, one of the ratings boards overseas.
That is something that looks like it's been rated recently.
However, there's been no official announcement,
but it does make a lot of sense
that a game like Uno would come out for the Nintendo Switch.
I can't help but think back to the days
of when Uno was, like, the reason to own an Xbox camera
and you could play online.
Remember?
Yeah.
Some of our old in-jokes, like, draw four, bitch,
from Uno and the webcam.
Who knew that that is how gaming would just turn into for everything?
Mm-hmm.
Anyhow, enjoy Uno,
but try to turn it down a little bit.
Well, actually, you won't be able to yell and scream at video
and show nudes on video chat because it's the Nintendo Switch.
And as we talked about earlier, Nintendo doesn't know how to handle it.
No fun allowed.
No fun allowed?
Come on.
All right.
But will the Switch app be enabled for it?
Because that's how you have to do the headset thing for Splatoon.
Yeah, but, you know...
It's only if they turn it on.
If a tree falls in the woods, does anybody hear it?
Like, you know, they could enable it.
Nobody's going to use it.
Do people use it on Splatoon?
I have never used that app for anything.
Ryan and I tried to last night, but it was just...
We found out that you have to actually create a private room.
You can't just do the join a friend thing.
So you have to, like, do a lot of preparation in order to actually use the voice chat.
I'm...
I can see my brain.
I just rolled my eyes so fucking hard.
Like...
Just delete it.
No, don't delete it because you can still get equipment using the Splatoon app.
But you just don't use it for chat.
Delete your account.
All right.
Moving on.
Pokemon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
Ultra Moon are games I'm sure you're looking forward to, all you Pokey people out there.
Which is a lot of you because these games are huge.
It has been confirmed this week that Pokemon Ultra Sun and Moon are the last core title games for the 3DS.
Of course, we know that Pokemon will be coming out on the Switch.
They made that announcement that there will be a core game in the Pokemon universe on the Switch.
I'm assuming next year, but that is still an assumption until Nintendo and the Pokemon company confirm that.
But Ultra Sun and Moon will be the last core title for the 3DS because it is pushing the, quote, absolute limits of the system.
That's coming from Game Freak director Shigeru Omori.
That, I guess, the 3DS system was completely redesigned when Sun and Moon was being developed.
And they pushed that new system even further to what we thought was the most we could draw from it.
With Ultra Sun and Moon, we've tried to take that out more and really, really push the system to its absolute limits.
We're now feeling that perhaps this is the maximum of what we can get out.
So maybe, now Nintendo will let the 3DS fucking die.
Are Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon new 3DS exclusives, or do they still work on the old one?
As far as I know, they still work on the old one.
Because Nintendo could still get a lot of mileage out of making new 3DS exclusive titles.
Like, the backwards compatibility is a problem, but the hardware issue...
I don't think that would be a wise move when the Switch is also out there trying to sell stuff.
I think they need to make a game for what people have and try to sell Switches for next year's game.
Sure, but we also thought the 3DS would stop getting new games when the Switch came out.
Fair point, fair point. And now here we go with this Pokémon game this year and Metroid.
But like I said, now if Pokémon is officially done on the 3DS, now maybe the 3DS can finally fucking die.
I just don't understand why they couldn't put them out on both platforms.
Why can't they put the Metroid game out on the Switch?
That's a great question. Maybe it will later, who knows?
On Virtual Console.
Alright, there you go. So that is it for Rapid Fire News.
Let's travel around and check out what's in stores this week.
Loki, let's start with the US.
Quite a bit. So we've got Destiny 2 coming out on PC.
Hidden Agenda on PlayStation 4.
Just Dance 2018 on PC, the Switch, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, the Wii, and the Wii U.
They're still making Wii games. The original Wii.
Wait, Just Dance is coming out on the original Wii?
The original Wii.
Well, there's probably houses like yours that only had a Wii for the longest time and still never upgraded.
It just better not have any DLC because in a couple months you can't even do it.
I think everything is app-based now or something like that, isn't it?
Yeah, but what they did with the Wii previously is any indication.
They're just going to kill all the internet usage for it because a lot of the Wii channels don't work anymore.
Rest in peace. Rest in Wii.
Alright, traveling over to...
Oh, hold on.
Oh, I thought we were done.
No. Oh, we have a ton. I'm sorry.
Knights of Azure 2, Bride of the New Moon on PC, the Switch, and PlayStation 4.
This is the police for the Switch.
Okay.
Yomawari Midnight Shadows on PC, PlayStation 4, and the Vita.
Coloons Gate VR Suzaku on PlayStation VR.
We have Taiko Drum Master Drum Sessions on PlayStation 4.
Assassin's Creed Origins on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Super Mario Odyssey on the Switch.
Wolfenstein 2 The New Colossus on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
That's it.
Are you sure? You're done?
I'm done.
You're done. Alright.
Traveling over to Japan. It's a busy week over there as well.
Taiko no Tatsujin gets its release over there as well.
It's Taiko-ton Tatsujin Session de Dodon Gagdon comes out this week.
There's a regular edition of that and you can get some different versions with titles and I think a controller for that as well.
You can also check out in Japan this week.
Ark Survival Evolved gets its Japanese release this week.
Amikata wa Kanojo Narimi comes out this week, which I am not sure what this game is.
It looks like it's another one of those sim games featuring anime babes.
That's what it just kind of looks like for the screenshots I'm looking at.
It's probably a... what do they call those? I don't know.
Then we also have a game called Sengo Muramasa DX Guren no Ketu comes out this week as well.
And this is a game that looks like it's probably a little more strategy based because I can see the battlefield here with the hexagon shapes and so forth.
But with anime cutscenes. So there's that as well.
And then if you are so inclined you can also get a new gaming monitor of sorts that's coming off the Playstation 4.
But that's a HORI release. That's not an official Sony release.
Otherwise, one more set here.
Yahari Game Ore no Seishun Love Kome wa Mashigateru and Zoku Omitome set.
I think that is some type of like learn to speak type of thing is coming out there.
So that is also available in Japan.
Let's see, checking other systems here.
Including the Vita, which yes, still gets releases.
Including price reductions on games like Sword Art Online and Shin Gundamusou.
Also we have Steam Prison Nanatsu no Bitoku coming out this week.
And that Sengo Muramasa DX game is out on the Vita as well.
And I just closed my site so I missed if there was anything on the Nintendo Switch.
But I'm going to look right now and I want to look at the 3DS as well.
On the Nintendo Switch this week in Japan we also have Super Mario Odyssey of course.
They've got to get that game as well.
And that is the big release on the Switch this week.
Probably meaning there's nothing on the 3DS this week.
Oh no I lied, there is an idle game.
Idle Time Priipada Yume All-Star is out this week.
As is Rune Factory 4 Platinum Collection is out on the 3DS this week.
Busy week!
Was anybody able to pull UK releases?
I know you were trying to hunt around for them JD.
But did you, Loki you have them by chance?
Yeah I can do it real quick.
Awesome.
We don't want to neglect our friends over there just because Jamie's gone.
Okay I guess we can.
So starting off this week we've got, let's see, Bury My Love on iOS.
Just Dance 2018 on everything as before.
Knights of Azure 2, Bride of the New Moon.
And Sword Art Online, Hollow Realization Deluxe.
Wolfenstein 2 the New Colossus on Playstation 4 and PC and Xbox One.
And that's just it.
It looks like, I don't know why they have Just Dance 2017 listed on here as well.
That is not correct.
That came out last year.
Maybe he gets a big price reduction, who knows.
Yeah so I'm not gonna, I'm gonna ignore all these other ones here.
Fair enough.
Alright let's go to the mailbag.
You send us emails.
Oh I'm sorry there's one more.
God damn it Loki.
SingStar Celebration on Playstation 4.
It's important.
Wait there's a new SingStar game?
Apparently.
Ooh.
That's weird.
Alright well.
They stopped doing them in the US, they do them in Europe because that's where their
audience is.
I know that's where people actually buy them.
Yeah.
I like SingStar.
One of my friends still does every year for Halloween, pumpkin carving and SingStar.
But since they've basically killed off SingStar support in the US it's gotten more and more
sad.
Oh can you not even download SingStar stuff anymore?
He can but well for one he has a PS3 and not a PS4 and there's some differences in licensing
and it's really weird.
But it's also like the, they've removed a lot of the licenses in the past year.
I guess the contract expired because you know how songs are in music games.
And they are really really slow at releasing new stuff.
And a lot of stuff was only available in Europe anyway.
Like there was like an erasure song, like the robot unicorn attack song.
Always.
It was only available in Europe anyway.
So it's very sad.
I'll have my, I'll have my SingStar ABBA and you can take that from my cold dead hands.
Well it's on a disc so it's gonna work forever.
Work forever.
You're damn right.
We'll put that on the TV somewhere.
Alright let's get to the emails.
Participate at orangelandrater.com is the place to send us an email.
If you would like us to read your email just like I'm going to tonight for three emails.
It's a busy week.
Three emails.
First one tonight from Martin the Belgian who emails us tonight and says hello OLR.
I wanted to chime in on your discussion regarding loot boxes.
The root of the discussion is really that game publishers want more money out of you than the $60 you paid for a full game.
Take EA and Battlefront.
Battlefront 1 had only five maps and the rest was behind a season pass paywall that was another $50.
There were no paid loot boxes.
The community was outraged because of the lack of maps in a full price game.
EA was proud to announce that Battlefront 2 has more maps and no season pass.
Now however they've put some in game progression and boost items inside of loot boxes you can buy with real money.
You can earn them in game but this takes so long that you'll eventually want to buy them.
It's now a pay to win game.
In both cases they just want more money out of the average player than $60.
Is this justified?
Let us be honest.
The price of game development has gone up but the price of games has hardly gone up in decades.
I already paid $50 for games in the late 90s.
Personally I'd rather pay $80 for a full game without season pass and without loot boxes.
I just hate getting half a game for $60.
What do you guys think?
Should the price of games just go up?
Controversy.
Good question.
I mean we've obviously talked a little bit about this already tonight.
But I think Martin asks a very simple question.
Would you be willing to just pay more money for a game if it means no more of this bullshit?
No because they're still going to do this bullshit.
You may think that doing a certain thing is going to cause them to not do something.
That's not the case at all.
It never works that way.
Never.
You allow them to do something like raise the price of a game.
Everybody's going to do that now.
And they're still going to have this bullshit because it's never going to be enough.
I'm a little torn.
I'm open to the idea but I don't want $80 to be the fucking standard.
$80 needs to be for a gold, no a fucking platinum fucking video game.
But that's the problem though.
These platinum quote unquote video games have like pre-order DLC that was supposed to be in the game in the first place.
And so they're already doing that.
They're already piecing out a full game for $80 so you get the full experience because you want the full experience.
So am I correct in hearing you say it doesn't matter they're already $80?
They are already doing it.
They're just doing it with clever marketing like the gold edition or stuff like that where you can buy a season.
I mean look at this.
That's season pass.
Think of how ridiculous it is.
You're pre-ordering DLC that's coming out.
You're giving them money before the download content is available.
I gave, you may not like this, I gave Activision $60 this week because I pre-purchased Destiny 2.
So I have it installed and on my machine ready to go on Tuesday.
Well that's fine though.
The game is already developed.
I'm talking about like pre-ordering content that they haven't even made yet.
Like the Zelda season pass?
Yes any season pass.
Well I mean so to be fair if you activate the season pass in Breath of the Wild it actually does give you a couple of small things but it's just like a t-shirt.
That's nice but like I think any season pass you know it's kind of lame because just purchase it when it comes out.
Here's the thing too I think that's something serious to consider.
You know Martin talking about should we just make the sticker price 80 bucks.
It's going to get harder and harder to do shit like that when you have a game like Stardew Valley that's 15 bucks.
And there's some really big experiences that are awesome gaming experiences that you can get for 20 bucks.
Now granted I realize that a game like Stardew Valley especially the development is very very different than a game like I don't know Battlefront 2 or whatever.
But that's you know again where I go back and I said earlier make more something about like PUBG.
You know perfect example that's a 40 dollar game.
You know granted they have loot boxes in there.
I don't like it but it seems like it's more accessories and stuff like that.
You know it's only costume DLC type stuff which a lot of people try to like put that out there is like okay that's all it is it's just you know cosmetic.
But then they kind of it starts getting into other things.
But right now it's only cosmetic as far as I'm aware.
So that's a game that's offering experience that people want for less than 60 dollars.
So it can be done.
It's just that they don't want to they want to push the graphics because it's the most gorgeous looking game ever.
But would you rather have a really gorgeous looking game or game that's really good to play.
Wasn't the whole objection people had to loot boxes is that it was basically gambling and people would spend a lot more than they would if they just you know like that's the whole thing it's hidden costs.
So I mean it seems like a fair thing to say okay well we'll just bundle all of this in at a higher price like the game publisher is going to take a hit because they're not getting the gambling income.
But like players can be like well I'm just going to plunk it all down at once.
Yeah I mean I like knowing what I'm going to get better than fucking gambling.
Basically I'd rather have DLC microtransactions where I know what I'm getting versus you know this loot box crap.
And then on top of the loot box stuff they do all this like alternate currency stuff.
So oh I want that loot box but it's you know 800 of the micro credits or whatever but I can only purchase a pack of 750 or you know a one that's you know 15 dollars or something like that for something like that.
It's like they do that shit on purpose because they want you to buy it and oh crap I have this stuff left over.
Well I guess I better buy some more. It's all fucking manipulative bullshit and it's all done on purpose.
Mega Man X400 in our chat says the loot boxes in Pugbee as I say I know it's PUBG but I like Pugbee are cosmetic but some of the cosmetic items are advantageous like camouflage clothing.
So that's kind of where that game is at just if you were curious. Anyway Martin closes the email with this.
Finally I don't mind purely cosmetic loot boxes and I don't mind season passes as long as the base game has plenty of content.
Thanks as always and keep up the great show Martin the Belgian. Thanks for email Martin.
Like I think loot boxes are fine in the sense of like you know like an Overwatch or something like that where you kind of get it as a reward for playing the game.
I like Heroes of the Storm a lot too and Heroes of the Storm there's a lot you can buy but Heroes of the Storm is fucking free. It's also a free game.
So I mean you expect to get the more nickel and diming stuff and the whole the hot dogs of the price of the currency don't match the buns that cost loot boxes.
Yeah no it does.
But in a free game there's a lot more leeway for that because I have yet to spend a dollar on Heroes of the Storm and I've had a pretty decent experience so far.
And I'm tempted to drop money in it just so I can unlock Ana and Junkrat some of the heroes I want to play and well kind of support it too.
I mean I haven't really spent any money on heroes and I've played that's fine because that game didn't require you to pay $60.
No it didn't.
As you know your ticket to get in so I'm fine with that it's just one year you're requesting me to put down $60 and another $30 for the gold edition and then you want me to buy the Seize the Path for $50 and then oh then you want some microtransactions and loot boxes in game.
Come on that's ridiculous.
Alright let's get to our next email from Ryan who emails us saying hey OLR love the show keep it up we will thank you.
Just wondering what website do you guys use for the upcoming US releases thanks and stay awesome.
You know it's a funny story because back when the show first started Loki was working in the distribution industry and so he would just use the fucking source.
I would just be off memory.
Yeah right.
But what do you use now you're using wiki Wikipedia and that's not all that great.
I used to use GameStop because they used to have a nice where you could sort by release date.
They don't have that anymore because their site's fucking shit.
So you use like wiki's 20s gaming.
I use Wikipedia but it works entirely accurate.
I've seen you kind of throw other stuff into like you're using Wikipedia but you read over here something else you kind of throw that into.
Yeah they don't have everything because it's you know it's updated by individuals.
They don't have all the indie stuff always right.
You're never going to catch everything.
Fuck who's going to keep track of all the indies are coming out.
I mean it's dark to see you suggesting game facts.
I thought game facts had a section for release date.
Maybe I haven't checked it in a while.
Maybe one more email from Ziba who emails us tonight.
Hey guys sorry for the long email but I have a couple of things I wanted to talk about.
Hey no problem.
Last week when you guys announced that the classic game of the week was Terranigma it really wanted me.
It really made me want to tell you a little story about how I first heard about the game.
One day back in the early 2000s I was searching for information about emulating games and I came across a website called fantasyanime.com.
This site is still around today but back then it was a very small yet informative.
It showed information about a handful of the popular animes and RPGs.
One of the RPGs was obviously Terranigma.
As I read up on the game I quickly got interested in and wanted to try it out.
Now emulation wasn't that great back then.
One emulator took up a lot of RAM while another one ran fine but couldn't emulate all of the effects and lighting.
I became very frustrated that I couldn't fully experience the game.
Since I knew Terranigma never came out in the US I was determined to find another way to play it.
Upon researching more I found a site that showed how to mod American Super Nintendo consoles to play PAL European games.
The vast diagrams and information was very hard for me to understand and I knew I couldn't do it myself.
I found out that the owner of the website took orders to actually mod consoles.
So after I got permission from my mom I contacted the owner and sent out my Super Nintendo.
When my Super Nintendo came back it had two large metal switches on the side.
One switched from NTSC to PAL and the other switch disabled the region check.
I was very lucky to then purchase a boxed European Terranigma game with a manual on eBay.
The game played perfectly. I was so happy to finally experience the game with all the effects and lighting.
I played a lot of it but sadly never finished the game.
You would think since I went through all the trouble I would finish the game but I had and still have very bad gamer ADD.
I still have my own modded Super Nintendo and Terranigma game cartridge.
It still works and I plan to play the full game hopefully soon.
I like that story though. You set your eyes on something and you said I am doing this.
So you know what, it's okay that you didn't finish but I also have the exact same problem you do where I drop a ton of money on games and then I don't always finish them.
Another thing you guys mentioned last week was Jersey Jack.
This pinball company is very local to me.
During this past summer I was able to play all three of their machines at a local pinball arcade.
The Wizard of Oz, The Hobbit, and the one that Jamie couldn't remember, Dialed In.
Dialed In was very interesting. It brings a lot of modern technology in its gameplay which you do not normally see in the other pinball machines.
One of the cool features is that you can connect to the machine using Bluetooth using your phone.
This wasn't working at the time but I talked to the owner about it.
He said that once you connect you can control the flippers of the machine to mess with the player. What?
It sounds very interesting. Another nice feature is that it has volume control on the side.
You can actually turn up the volume to hear it better.
I think all pinball and arcade machines should have this option because arcades are loud.
Also during gameplay the machine vibrates like how video game controls do giving an extra feel to the play.
Their Hobbit machine also has this feature.
Lastly the game gives you a QR code at the end if you play it so that you can tweet your score.
I hope to go back soon to play it again.
I'm sad that I won't see you guys at MAGFest in January.
Even though a lot of people had trouble getting a hotel room, my boyfriend was lucky to grab one at the convention center.
I'm really looking forward to this one. It will be my third year.
My goals for this one is to see more bands perform.
Anyway, till next time, stay black, Ziba.
Thank you for the email Ziba. I really appreciate that.
Some good stories in there. That's cool about that dialed in.
I have not seen that machine and I will pass that along to Jamie.
I know she left early tonight but I'll make sure she reads about that because I think she'd get a kick out of that too.
Apparently GameFAQs does have a pretty nice release listing available to use that.
Well there you go. That email may have changed the course of the show.
Anyway, but I do want to say quickly about MAGFest.
I did hear about the hotel room drama this week.
And to be honest, I'm not trying to be shady because I really, really enjoyed MAGFest the years I went.
I really did. I do want to go again.
Obviously with everything I went through over the summer, it wasn't in the cards to happen.
And to be fair, with all the other stress I had this week,
if I had walked out of that not getting a hotel room for MAGFest on top of that,
that would have just fucking broke me.
So like, I'm really happy I sat this year out.
Although I will sorely miss all of the fine folks that I see at that convention every year.
It's okay Rob. You'll just have to make sure you go to MAG West too whenever they announce it.
Well you know, I'm open to that.
I know I sat out the first year because...
Why did I sit out?
Because it was the summer and it was a problem time.
Oh god, yeah, because that was after. Oh yeah.
That was like the week after or something.
Yeah, because at first I was like, well maybe...
Because I didn't really have a lot of time off already and I was like,
I knew that DragonCon was the next week and that was the other problem.
So I was like, well maybe I'll drive in for the Saturday and I'll go for a day.
And then the other stuff happened and it was like, nope, I'm not going at all.
So yeah.
It was a good time though.
And it's a lot closer than DC.
It is, but it's not the same people. No offense.
I mean, I love my West Coast people.
Well, we need to get them to go too.
See, they need to come out here for this one, yeah.
I do think though, MAG Fest has probably outgrown National Harbor.
And I know they keep saying, we're not moving it. We're under a contract.
I think, guys, you need to listen to the feedback you're getting.
And a lot of people are telling you, you need to move MAG Fest.
Are there bigger venues?
What's that?
Are there bigger venues in the area?
Sure, it's Washington, D.C. for fuck's sake.
I don't know a lot about the convention space.
Well, if they can do government conventions out there, they can do a gaming convention.
I'm sure there's a lot of concerns about 24-hour availability.
I know that's the big one.
When you do things at hotels, like DragonCon and stuff,
you can do things around the clock a lot more easily than an official convention center is not going to let you do that.
I hope they can find a happy medium somewhere because National...
Well, I mean, the thing with National Harbor, too, is that it's super isolated.
Maybe they could find a hotel cluster in downtown D.C. that isn't so isolated.
So it's like the Santa Clara Convention Center where there's literally nothing in walking distance.
Kind of, but it's just different because on the East Coast with the Potomac's running through there, right?
So imagine National Harbor is kind of like, I want to say an island, but it dips out into the Potomac.
And so it's like a little, like it's a peninsula of sorts.
So there's kind of only a couple of ways in and out.
Is it cut off by a freeway or something?
Yeah, there's a freeway and there's a lot of residential stuff around it.
I mean, Alexandria isn't that far, but it's like there's, you know, when you're going to a 24-hour game convention,
you don't want to like at 4 a.m. be like, oh, I got to take my 20-minute ride back to Alexandria.
So they have a lot of stuff they need to consider.
I know there's a lot of people that are like, but the joy of MAGFest or the vibes are going to be gone.
Well, my understanding is this is why MAGFest has MagLabs and all this other stuff that they do,
is to capture that spirit or whatever they said of the original MAGFest, whatever they want to call it.
So let's see. Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf says the hotel they're at is where they do government conventions.
I mean, CPAC is there. Yeah, I do remember like the week after MAGFest.
It's really depressing to think of CPAC as government.
Yeah, I know. But it's, you know, something you would see in DC.
Yeah.
Things you find in DC for $500, Alex.
So not for that much.
All right. Anyway, moving on, that was it for the email.
So thank you, Ziba. I really appreciate that. And yes, I thought so.
There was one more that came in here late.
So I'm being nice because I like this person an awful lot that's emailing us.
So I want to read this email here one more from MegamanX400, my co-host over on the Reading is Fundamental podcast,
which will be back because we had a new episode on Monday on Friday episode.
I don't know when we're recording it, but we've got a good like two or three months before All Stars is really on.
So we got time. Anyway, let's read this.
Hey, OLR crew. Tonight, there was some good discussion and debate regarding publishers, EA and Activision,
and the high cost of game budgets and whether or not single-player linear games are profitable.
I definitely think that the approach in which companies like EA, Activision, Square Enix go about making these large-scale one-player games
doesn't yield them as high of a return as these online multiplayer games do.
Destiny, Overwatch, Grand Theft Auto V are games that allow you to keep playing and have no endgame
and allow the publisher to milk more money out of gamers.
Single-player games don't present as many options in a world of loot boxes to make more money.
That being said, the development costs on open-ended games versus linear single-player games are probably comparable
due to the amount of time developing the graphics and so forth.
My point in all this is developers need to look into other viable methods to create those single-player stories
that don't run the millions of dollars in development.
In the current state of the gaming market, this is where I feel the Switch has a bit of an advantage right now
and is drawing some third parties and indie developers.
I know it's been stated before by many, why can't Switch have more power?
But it might work in its favor right now.
Developers can spend less of a development budget on a Switch game,
and even though it may sell less than your blockbuster AAA titles,
the profit margin is potential to be higher than those AAA titles.
Just wanted to share my thoughts on this discussion that took place tonight.
Take care, Mega Man X 400.
Well, Square Enix getting on board with the Switch with this project Octopath Traveler, right?
And that game definitely doesn't look like it has the graphics of a Final Fantasy XV,
but I think has a lot of people excited nonetheless.
So I think some devs may be going that direction, actually.
Is that a Switch exclusive?
As far as I know, I believe it is.
I do not believe they've announced it for any other platforms.
It's only going to be on Switch.
So, interesting.
What do you think about that email and this whole, you know,
make more games for the Switch, I guess, as one way out of it?
Do you think maybe, you know, Loki, I know you're usually very tongue-in-cheek when it comes to Nintendo,
do you think maybe our emailer has a point that maybe the Switch has a small advantage here
because they're selling two million of them and still going,
and they're probably cheaper to make games for than the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One?
I don't know if they're cheaper to make games for
because those cartridges are more expensive to, you know,
press the game onto versus, you know, a CD or DVD.
But in the scope of a multi-million dollar budget in creating the game.
Well, right, there's no point in creating, you know, these really impressive graphics
if you can't display it on the device,
like I said before, they don't really have to push the boundaries for graphics in these games.
I mean, they feel like that they do sometimes, but I don't think I've ever said,
yeah, I'm not gonna buy that game because the graphics aren't good.
It's usually, I'm not gonna buy that game because it doesn't look fun.
I've never just, well, the added more lens flares and those explosions look better,
I would probably buy that game.
I'd buy Earth Defense Force, for fuck's sake.
Look at that game, that's purely gameplay because the graphics and the physics suck.
The graphics suck.
On the other hand, have you ever been more motivated to buy a game because the graphics were so good?
I mean, and I'll admit, part of the reason I've waited on Destiny 2 for PC
is for the, you know, better graphics.
The only one that I can think of that, like, I was like,
oh man, the graphics look really good are like Rockstar games
and I buy those anyways because of the gameplay.
But yeah, the graphics look nice too.
But I'll buy something specifically for the graphics.
So I thought the point he was making was that they don't have to spend as much on labor
to develop really complicated graphics if they know they're working with lower capacity, you know, systems.
Right.
Do you think that, like, the cartridge cost offsets all of that?
Because I thought labor was a lot more expensive than the physical production.
Well, in the end it's gonna depend on how many copies they can sell
and they're gonna look at, you know, how many units are out there of that system
versus how many units are out for the other systems and they're gonna develop accordingly.
And honestly, more and more is going digital, which is a whole other debate for another day, but that's the reality.
On top of that though, you have to also look at companies like EA.
It is gonna be more expensive to develop on that platform
because they have this stupid Frostbite engine that they want to use for everything
and Frostbite doesn't run on that system.
So they have to develop a new engine for the lower end hardware that's gonna do something that they want to do.
I mean, I guess they could try to recycle something they haven't in the past, but probably not gonna be the case.
So you have to look at that as well
because it can be an additional cost if they're developing using this one engine on all these other platforms,
but this one-off platform requires a completely different engine.
That's why they didn't develop a lot against the Wii.
Fabulous, fabulous emails tonight.
Thank you all so much.
Participate at orangelandtrady.com if you would like to have your email considered for our next episode.
For the meantime, we gotta move on with just a few.
We just have a handful of stories here, and then we're gonna get to our Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
But first, Loki.
Yes, so celebrating Valve's Orange Box, the 10-year anniversary of that,
they released a brand new update for Team Fortress 2 called the Jungle Inferno update,
along with that, a wonderful new Valve movie of Saxon Hale that was hilarious.
Wait, is this an update on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 even, or just the PC version of Orange Box?
I think it's just the PC version. I don't know if they're updating those anymore.
I was gonna say, that would be pretty impressive if they went back and updated the old, old title.
It would be nice if then it would release a new 10th anniversary edition of Orange Box.
Act F confirms just PC.
Along with that, of course, they had some new maps.
They've got Banana Bay and Brazil, which I guess some of those were made by Valve and some actually by the community.
New gear as well.
The biggest update, though, comes with Pyro, who gets a jetpack now.
They also have a new single-shot flamethrower that looks pretty awesome.
So that's kind of a big change, because now the Pyro can actually get across the map pretty fast.
Well, that's pretty cool that they're doing some changes to kind of maybe bring some eyes back to the game.
I mean, I'm sure, you know, obviously a game like Team Fortress 2 is always gonna have an audience that's out there playing it.
But certainly there's a lot of people that are like, ooh, I got a new girl and her name's Overwatch.
I'm gonna go play that for a little while, right?
Splatoon.
Well, and it's a free-to-play game, so you can jump in and check it out anytime.
That's true.
That's true.
And maybe this is a way to kind of bring some of those eyes back.
Hey, don't forget about us. We're where it started, yo, ten years ago.
Yeah, you can't argue that a lot of inspiration for Overwatch came from Team Fortress 2.
Absolutely.
All right.
And actdeft in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, which, by the way, I forgot to say this earlier because I didn't realize it until somebody messaged me.
But I guess the actual web client chat isn't working right tonight.
You have to go in through regular IRC, so that's why we have a lot less chatters than we usually do.
Is Mibbit down?
Yeah, I think something about that whole, or it's connecting to the wrong server or something weird's going on there, so it's just an error for tonight.
So sorry, guys.
Just so you know, everything does run on the old-ass internet backbone of IRC.
Yes, the Internet Relay Chat channel.
IRC.
Everything runs on the old-ass fucking backbone of IRC.
So if you have, like, M-I-R-C or one of those clients, you just go to the Gamesurge Network, which is IRC.gamesurge.net, and we are in channel vog, pound vog.
And see, a lot of people today, like, because everything got so integrated with the web and things like Discord, they probably have no idea what I'm talking about.
Like, IRC was, like, all we fucking had, like, ten years ago and even further back.
So I remember when I was in college, I used to chat on M-I-R-C all the time.
Yeah.
That was it.
We didn't have Discord or Slack.
Back in my day!
I was in middle school when I first got on IRC.
But to be fair, our old asses at vog are finally evolving a little bit, and we do have a Discord as well.
Discord's not replacing chat, but it's...
I find it's a nice way to keep in touch throughout the week, and it's working a little more effectively than our forums were.
Actually, I would say Discord has been way more successful than the forums were, because I think forums are a dying art.
Which we'll get into later, by the way.
But I'll leave that as a tease.
Oh boy.
Yeah, I decided.
Let's just open that door and see where we go.
But anyway, I do want to mention vognetwork.com slash Discord.
If you want to hang with us throughout the week, it's a great place to go.
And Rama points out you can also go to irc.gamesurge.net slash vog.
Rama says, oh, there's an IRC link here.
Well, you can't put a link to IRC in IRC, Rama.
That's not going to help.
But I will consider doing a tweet later or something, just so people know they have a plan B.
All right, meanwhile, let's talk about a mini cabinet.
Have you ever wanted to own your own arcade cabinet, but thought, boy, these fuckers are expensive.
Well, maybe this is something for you.
It is what they called, I guess it's Replicade is the name of this.
Replicade Cross Centipede.
It is a one-sixth scale cabinet replica, and you can play centipede.
It is one-sixth of size.
So that means it has a three and a half inch LCD monitor that's built into it.
And yes, a tiny little trackball that you can use to actually play the game.
The cabinet runs on a lithium-ion battery to actually power the whole thing.
And they're saying it is lag-free performance through to chipset, which the company New Wave is making.
They are going crowdfunding for this.
You can back it and pledge $90 if you want one of these in April of 2018.
But they are expecting that these cabinets are going to be $160 at retail.
So if you want this to be a little cheaper, you want to pay $90 for it today.
So again, if you want to check that out.
Can you build a bar top for cheaper than that?
There's a little Kickstarter if you want to check out that.
I think it's a cute idea.
You know what's funny? I have those tiny, tiny cabinets that Jamie found at Walmart.
And ironically, one of them is centipede.
And the other one is Qbert.
And that is in this arcade classics thing.
And they are tiny.
They're probably tinier than this thing is.
Because those screens are no bigger than like an inch and a half.
Like those screens are tiny.
But they're cute.
I like them because I like old arcade.
And those are only $20.
So they're cute little collectibles.
But obviously you'll notice they're still in the box.
So it's not like I play them all day.
You can still play them through the box.
Like when it's in the store, there's little cutouts in the plastic.
So you can play them in the store.
And run down the battery.
Yeah, and run down the battery. Exactly.
So that's why I haven't taken them out of the box.
Because you can still kind of check them out.
Replicade again is the name if you want to look for that.
I feel like Replicade sounds like a sci-fi series like Androids or somebody.
Maybe that's Replicant.
Maybe. Maybe.
Also, Rama says a good link to get on IRC.
You can actually go to his show.
AnimeJamSession.com slash VOG Network has all the IRC details.
To be fair, I think live.vognetwork.com does have the IRC details.
But it's in really tiny text.
Because Bobby realizes most people that are going to use IRC already kind of know how to get there.
And the web client works for other people that don't really know IRC or don't use it a lot.
Which is fine. Again, it's kind of an old art form at this point.
So you have to look for the really tiny text.
But it will help you get on IRC the old-fashioned way if you need it.
As soon as I figured out you guys were using Nivot to do IRC chat, I just googled Game Surge IRC.
When I started doing chat.
Which, honestly, I don't even know who runs Game Surge or what the Game Surge is.
Game Surge dates back to when we were on all games.
All games ran through the Game Surge Network.
So we were like, well, we don't want people to have to go to another server.
We might as well just stay here.
And running your own IRC server is a pain in the ass.
Oh, yeah. No, I wouldn't run our own.
Why would we run our own IRC server when we can use Discord now?
Yeah. I have a friend who does that.
For some old LiveJournal people.
So, speaking of old, outdated relics that people still use.
I used to visit this forum every day.
No, I know. I can't resist throwing a little shade.
Although, this is nothing to be shady about.
This is some serious shit that's going down right now.
Yes, as with the last few weeks.
With everybody coming out about their experience with sexual harassment and everything.
Of course, some of it's already hit the game industry.
We talked about it last week.
There was a site that was responsible.
They had some of the owners of that that were caught in some bad situation.
Well, now NeoGaf is also receiving some of that.
Because apparently the founder of NeoGaf, Tyler Evilore, Malka.
Had some sexual harassment claims made against him.
Regarding, I guess, an experience he had with some female acquaintance or whatever.
In a hotel room at some event or something like that.
Once she came out about it, then there was more stories coming out about all the stuff that's happened.
So with that, all the mods left.
And then finally, he shut the site down.
In waiting a statement or something like that.
As of right now, it's gone.
So that is interesting.
Considering the fact that also that their site was trying to push this whole, you know,
we're going to try to have the backs of women and try to stop this type of harassment going on in here.
That there was this whole kind of dark side the whole time about it.
You know, it's been tough this week to hear how many people I know that have been personally affected by things like this.
And it's just like one of those like, what a fucking awful world we live in.
But at the same time, I'm really happy people are empowered to speak up.
So that maybe change will fucking happen this time.
And maybe people will take the hint that, I don't know, maybe possibly they could stop raping people.
That would be fantastic if everybody could just learn that as like a basic human instinct.
As like most people, I think we all kind of know, don't murder somebody.
Just don't do it.
It's really not a good idea to murder somebody.
It would be great if people were wired that same way when it came to things like sexual assault, rape and all those, you know, hideous things.
Like you just, you don't do it.
I don't know what else to say on it.
Like it obviously is an issue that goes way deeper than video games.
Our little podcast.
Terrible people are everywhere.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I guess that's what it boils down to.
Terrible people are everywhere.
And we have to all put our foot down, all of us, with the women, with all of us need to sit down.
All minorities, majorities, everybody has to put their foot down and say, no more.
This will not represent our culture anymore.
Stop.
I don't know what else to say.
You know, I think it speaks to the credit of the admins of that site for all stepping down in protest.
Like all of the forum administrators in response, like when this came out, like resigned the same day.
And that's not always the response that you see this happening when these kinds of things come out.
Like, so that, I mean, I think that's at least something.
Yeah.
You know, instead of just going on as business as usual and we're going to ignore it.
Yeah. Or, you know, or turning the victim into she's lying.
She's that, you know, and all that, which I'm sure there are people out there that are saying that who need to just, just, just disappear.
Just, just disappear.
Your services are not needed at this time.
Well, they're going to the bad place.
Yes, they are going to the bad place.
That's a very good way to look.
I, everything I do in my life now, I'm going to look in terms of, will this put me in the good place or the bad place?
Will Janet be there or not?
It'll put you in the medium place.
At least that woman gets to masturbate in solitude constantly.
Yeah, but her train full of cocaine never arrives.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Do not turn something like this into something funny.
All right.
Moving on. Was there more with this?
Yes, there is also a story regarding a former employee of Naughty Dog at David Ballard who said that he had been sexually harassed by a superior at that company.
Basically saying, in late 2015, I was sexually harassed by, at Naughty Dog by a lead.
My work environment became extremely toxic.
Afterward, in February 2016, I had a mental breakdown at work.
Sony PlayStation HR became involved when I told them about the harassment.
They ended the call and fired me the next day.
They cited that the company was moving in a different direction and my job was no longer needed.
They tried to silence me by offering me $20,000 if I signed a letter agreeing to the termination as well as not to discuss it with anyone.
I declined to sign and I've been unemployed for 17 months since.
And, of course, Naughty Dog came out and basically said that we've recently read on social media that an ex-employee of Naughty Dog, Dave Ballard, claims he was sexually harassed when he worked at Naughty Dog.
We have not found any evidence of having received allegations from Mr. Ballard that he was harassed anyway at Naughty Dog or Sony Interactive Entertainment.
Harassment and inappropriate conduct have no place at Naughty Dog or Sony Interactive Entertainment.
We have taken and always will take reports of sexual harassment and other workplace grievances very seriously.
We value every single person who works at Naughty Dog and Sony Interactive Entertainment.
It is of the utmost importance that we maintain safe, productive workplace environments that allow us to channel and share our passion of making games.
That was a very vanilla, sterile response to that whole situation.
Yeah, so I don't know.
It's expected. It's an expected response, unfortunately.
Look, it's hard to say, you know, it's he...
Didn't he say he went to Sony?
Yes.
So why does Naughty Dog say we don't have it on our record?
Well, I think it was Sony making that comment that they didn't have...
See how it's weird?
This one sounds really complicated. I read a little about it, but it's hard to make sense of.
Here's the bottom line, because, you know, we don't... I mean, this poor guy, whatever happened to him, now everybody's talking about it and people are tweeting him with their own opinions.
And again, your services are not needed. Shut up.
Like, you know, and I don't want to contribute to that noise.
But what I will say is, well, we found out in a big way in these past couple weeks that sexism exists in the movie industry. Is anybody shocked?
Well, in the fact that it seems like a lot of them knew about it and just did nothing about it.
So is anybody shocked to hear it probably is happening in the game industry, too?
Probably.
No, I say probably. It is happening in the game industry, too.
And other industries.
Yeah, and probably, no, definitely, this is happening in every industry.
So...
It's just because these shitty people are everywhere and they have all these different jobs and that's why you go on the internet and you're gonna run into shitty people.
And I'm not saying that makes it okay, but at least something as visible as the movie industry or as visible as the game industry,
maybe now, hopefully, change is coming from that level that will roll down into every industry where this shit stops and people are wired to know,
gee, I shouldn't sexually harass somebody today. That would not be a good idea and will get me sent to the bad place.
Perhaps I should not invite my potential actresses up to my hotel room and ask them to watch me shower.
Yeah, that would be a bad idea. Yes, it would. And it would be great if people had the instinct to know that.
Well, from what I heard, the inviting up to hotel rooms is a standard thing in the movie industry because they set up their rooms as meeting space.
So the, oh, let's go to my hotel room is not the suspicious part. It's the what happens when you get there.
And that's a really hard problem to untangle because you don't know that it's gonna be bad until you're already in that situation, which makes it so much worse.
I think the thing that really just makes you shake your head and go, ugh, is when that video surfaced of Courtney Love in 2005 saying,
and she says, didn't they ask her, they asked her, and I'm paraphrasing here, they asked her something like, do you have any advice for other women in the industry?
And she goes, and she said it in a very Courtney Love, I don't give a fuck kind of way. She says, if you ever get invited by Harvey Weinstein to a party at the four rooms, say no.
And so now that's coming back in full force now, right? But it goes, the reason why is that this has been around a very long time.
If that goes back to 2005, I would bet you there's many actresses that go back to the fucking 1950s, it was probably worse in the 1950s and 40s.
And when things were, you know, even a long time ago, like, yeah, well, I mean, they, the only, the only sliver of a good thing maybe we can take from this is that this will be the generation that changes this.
Hopefully. Well, I mean, people are feeling empowered to speak up. So we stop making jokes about millennials liking avocado toast and this bullshit, and maybe this will be the generation that changes it.
Anyway, let's move on to something else. Shall we? I would say, let's move on to Legos. Legos is a happy subject, right? Something fun, right?
I love Legos. Unfortunately, I wish I had better news, but Lego dimensions is not coming back. It's pretty much a sure thing at this point.
That's too bad. I mean, cause I thought out of all the like, you know, toys, life things that that did, you know, was the most well done game. The problem with that game though is it's so fucking expensive.
It was just because not, not only is it the toys to games tax, but then it's the Lego tax. It's the Lego tax. It's like, Oh, Hey, you want one of those expansions? That's 40 fucking dollars. No, I don't have that kind of money.
We were just browsing in like target yesterday. And like, I still wanted that midway arcade set. They still had, it was a 30 bucks. And it was like ridiculous. I'm like, well, no wonder it's shutting down.
You know, here's a, here's a quick tip, uh, check some of those Facebook groups, like the marketplace and stuff. People selling their old Lego dimension sets. I found one that was like, it was an Xbox one version, but they had like 30 different expansions for like a hundred dollars.
My friend saw a shit ton of the expansion sets at the fucking 99 cent store. Yeah. I wanted to go there and get some cause I like still building them and stuff. Um, and I want the mini fix from them just because some of them are pretty cool. Um, like I'd like to have the portal and that'd be pretty cool.
What worries me about buying used Legos is do they actually find all the bricks? Cause I'm like, there's so many little tiny things. It's easy to lose some of them.
Usually like, it depends. Like you can go on there's websites like brick link or whatever. You can actually go buy you sets from people and they're in different, um, types of, um, you know, conditions and stuff. And usually they'll state if there's anything missing or if it's complete and you can tell because they have an inventory on in the manual, it shows what it is.
Sure. Um, and then the best part about it is if you are missing something, you can order it. And I mean, it's cheap. It's like a few cents. Here's the other thing about Lego dimensions. You don't really need to build a goddamn thing. You don't, you don't have to even open up the bricks. If you don't want to, the only thing you need is that little disc with the chip on it that you build the Lego on top of, because that's where the data really is, is on that.
Now, of course, I don't, why, why would you buy a Lego game and not play with the Legos? But to be fair, you technically don't have to even do it. Like you just need that little disc that reads the information. That's all you really need.
I'm just imagining Facebook marketplace quality being the same as like random people selling things on Craigslist.
It is.
You have like, you know, as is.
But a lot of the ones I've seen though aren't open.
That's good.
Like they bought like all this stuff. They go gung ho into it and then they just never played it.
Hmm.
Like I understand that.
Anyhow, we didn't really get around to it, but why is this going around this week? It's because Traveler's Tales, who makes the game, there's a game studio manager, Dave Dootson, I guess wrote something to all the employees that made his way onto the net.
And it said, thanks so much to everyone for making Dimensions possible. As difficult as it has been, it is worth celebrating the incredible achievement it represents in the quality of the game, the amazing blend of IPs and the challenging technical demands it presented.
It stands as a real testament to the talent within TT. So, I mean, it reads like an obituary, basically.
It's too bad. And I really do want to collect some of the other games, but like that stuff has not come down in price frame. Some of them.
Like I always, like you were mentioning Target, I've been going to their clearance section and they have had some of the Dimensions stuff in there.
But it's the Dimensions stuff I like, I don't want. Like it's like, you know, weird.
Yeah, I think we saw something in there.
Yeah.
Oh, Ninjago was in there, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah, we looked at the clearance and they had some stuff. Is Traveler's Tale still around? Like, are they closing as a part of that, too?
I don't think so.
No, they're still around. They're making lots of LEGO games. Like, they've got the LEGO Marvel universe. Or, LEGO Marvel.
So they're just ending Super Heroes.
Those are one thing.
Yeah, those LEGO games still make a lot of money. It's just the toys to life part of it is sunsetting.
Yeah, it's just a lot of shelf space and it really was the LEGO part of that. It was just so expensive for those sets.
Like, $40 for what amounts to basically a piece of DLC.
I'm going to just jump in here real quick and say our Skype line is open.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, if you want to give us a call.
We'll try to squeeze in a couple calls. We're about to 9 o'clock tonight, but we'll try to squeeze in a couple calls.
I'm actually not going to be streaming after the show tonight, either, since I have company in from out of town.
After the week I had, I know I haven't been streaming a lot lately, but I kind of want to hit the reset button, so to speak, and try to come back maybe a little later next week.
So I'm not going to be streaming tonight, but we are going to open up Skype line right now for some calls.
Finish your thought here real quick, Loki, and then we'll get to the calls.
Yeah, it was just expensive. I wanted to get some of that stuff, but anything LEGO is just really ridiculously expensive.
Yeah, it really is. It's paying that extra tax on top of everything else.
All right, but we are going to try to go to the phones here and take a call. I think we do have something coming in right now.
Let's get to it. Whoa, it's still, it hung up. It missed.
It's the one thing I don't like about using this iPad right now is that, like, I'll try to bring the, I'll try to remember next week.
I still have to wipe that thing. No, well, it's fine because I don't, Loki is going to be bringing a laptop to the show, but we don't know if it's actually going to work or what the deal is going to be on this as of yet.
So we'll see. He's bringing it as, like, a test to see if we can do it. But right now, man, I hit the button to answer the call, and the iPad is still thinking, still thinking, and hopefully it's picking up.
Or this is just a feature, if you will, of our internet right now. Okay, I tried to take that call and it didn't go through. Let me try one more time and see if it'll connect.
It just works.
I know, right? Maybe this is tied to the reason our thing keeps, uh, no, it keeps ending. As soon as I pick it up, it's, like, immediately the call ends.
Is something popping up on the monitor?
It is. Okay, so, wait, are the calls coming, oh my god, are the calls coming in on the PC finally?
This may actually not be the end of the world. Let's see what happens.
Okay, let's try it. Live radio and the joys of it, boys and girls. Let's try going to the phones. Hi, you're on Orange House Radio, who's this?
This is just proof that the concept actually works.
Okay, so, I want you all to hear a fun story. So, Skype, been broken on the PC for the last, how many weeks, three, four weeks, right?
So I've been using my iPad to work around it, right? So here I am on my iPad, JD points out tonight, what's that popping up on your monitor?
So, Skype works tonight, on the computer, like it did a month ago, just out of the blue.
Look.
You know what I changed, Rama? Not a goddamn thing.
Rama.
Sunspots. It's sunspots, yes. Is it a full moon?
Something.
So, DJ, Rama, what would you like to call, what would you like to talk to us about tonight on your call?
A few things, I'll get, I'll make these as brief as possible so that other people can call in.
But as for the issue with Skype, yeah, we've had our own issues.
Marco has had to reboot a couple of times just to get into the, into the Skype call with us.
So, we're like, okay, if this, if this shit keeps up, we're going to go to Discord.
I'm the jury rig, Skype and Discord make this shit work, one way or another.
Because evidently, Skype works for me, but for her, it's like, no.
Yeah, more and more people are starting to podcast through Discord, I'm finding, which is interesting.
But I tell you what, Discord is great for audio. Video, not so much.
I have my little tablet, I'm with a friend, we go into Discord video, it crashed my little tablet.
Meanwhile, I can do Skype video on my tablet. Works great. No problems.
Yeah, video is still new for Discord, so I'll give him that.
And Discord, like, does a lot for free, so I'll give him a pass.
But yeah, maybe not the number one option for video right now.
Yeah, definitely.
But, yeah, I'm seeing Facebook last week, everybody's coming out about the harassment issues.
And let me tell you, one person in the community around here said,
I believe you got dragged harder than anybody I have ever seen because this person is known for some stuff.
And I'm just going to leave it at that.
And I just hope that this person realizes, after what he said, and the backlash he got for it,
he realizes how much in the wrong he is, and he does make amends to be a better person.
Well, let's just all hope everyone decides to be better people, but change needs to happen. I think that's evident.
Because even I made posts about my transgressions and how I'm going to be a better person.
Good for you, man.
And the last thing is, this whole Magfest, Inner Harbor, DC bullshit.
Man, listen, I had a conversation with one of the staffers about Magfest at Comic Con during dinner with a friend.
I almost jumped across the table with his bullshit excuses.
We can chat later about that, but I will say this.
It takes me about four hours to get to DC.
I've got to spend an extra half hour either through a bus that runs every hour from Metro Station to whatever the hotel is,
or wait around and try to get an Uber or a Lyft over there.
And yes, to be perfectly honest, with the numbers that Magfest is getting, it doesn't seem to be that crowded.
But I will say this, if they ever have to move, they can just move to the Reagan Convention Center right there in DC,
because there is a hotel right across the street with an underground walkway path, and there's like five hotels within a two-block radius.
But the big problem with moving to an established convention center like that, it's very hard to run a 24-hour con in those places sometimes.
True.
And I think a lot of people would be very upset if Magfest wasn't 24 hours.
Yeah, and I get that. It kind of goes back to the first time I went to Fandame and me and Drunami.
We got up at like 3.45 in the morning. No, actually, I think I got up at like 3 o'clock in the morning and dragged him along to go see a viewing of true Naruto style of the movie.
And I was more hyped about the fact that this is a convention center that's open 24 hours.
Where have you been my entire life? And stuff like that does not exist here.
Once it hits 2 a.m., get out.
Yeah, San Jose Convention Center is a little unique in that, and I think it's because the hotel practically is like inside.
The hotel is so connected to the convention center, I think it lets him get away with a little more.
Because not the entire convention center is open 24 hours, just kind of that wing near the hotels.
Okay, see, that's cool. If they could do something like that, that would work.
And besides, as big as I think the Marriott is right next to the Reagan Convention Center, they could put a few arcade machines in and do some 24-hour stuff. It's plausible.
Maybe there's other ways to think about it, because the concert hall doesn't need to be 24 hours. They don't run concerts 24 hours.
So maybe that's something that's in the convention center, and maybe some of the things that are more on a time, like panels and things would be over there too.
And then, yeah, the arcades try to fit it in the hotel somewhere.
I kind of feel like MAGFest isn't really listening to that they need to figure out how to solve this problem, and that could mean they need to change location.
I mean, they might be locked into the Gaylord for a couple more years. I think that's really what it boils down to, is that they're under contract to do this there a few more years.
It's that too, but I will say this. This will probably explain a lot of stuff.
Despite all the issues with MAGFest, according to the contract, he doesn't really give a damn.
Because he knows for a fact, as popular as this con is, people will still show up so they don't really care.
Until they don't anymore.
Which is true, but right now I can't think of anything else, and within my squad of people, we're like, well, you got MAGFest, and you got PAX, and we're like, why God, why?
Alright, well, we'll see what happens after this year and the feedback they're gonna get.
Yeah, because after this year, come 2019, I'm going to CES.
Ooh, that'd be a fun show.
Oh, yes indeed. I said no, after the bullshit with the badges and the bullshit with the whole, no.
No, no, I went through this shit once with PAX East. I am not going through this shit again.
I'd rather take time off, go to Vegas, meet up with some friends, have a good time, and enjoy myself, instead of having to deal with this type of stress. Nope, not happening.
Yeah, I hear you on that.
Alright, Rama, I'm gonna let you go try squeezing some more calls, but thanks for your call.
Got it, man. Oh, yeah, by the way, Rob?
Yes.
Stay black, man.
I will do my very best.
Awesome.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype. Let's see if we can get to another call. Hopefully, it's gonna connect magically on the PC. Once again, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Yeah, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator. What's on your mind tonight? How you doing?
Well, I would rather not get into that. It's not show worthy, but anyway, just got two quick topics real quick.
Sure.
Anyway, I know it's not something you normally cover on the show per se, but it is game related. For those that are into pen and paper RPGs, there is actually a book bundle on Humble Bundle right now.
I think it's due to expire in like two days, but I think it's, if I'm looking at this right, there's some kind of series called Pathfinder. I'm not really familiar with that, but for those that are familiar with the series or maybe interested, it might be worth it. I don't know.
Yeah, I think that's what Ian Rama just lit up in chat. Ooh, Pathfinder. I think that's a pretty clever thing to give away in the book bundle is books about role playing games. Heck, I remember, you know, I didn't get super into D&D, but I certainly had those trips to Barnes and Noble back in the day where like some of my friends wanted to buy like a Dungeon Master Guide or a expansion book or whatever it is. I think it's a pretty clever thing to give away. Heck yeah.
Those books can be expensive, so that's a really good idea. Plus it's like the biggest obstacle to getting into role playing is not having the books. And a lot of people's solution is just, oh, go pirate it because they're easy and they're online. But like having them like legit available is really good.
Yeah, for sure.
Secondly, before I let you go and again take more calls, I just want to chime in about the whole microtransaction thing that's been going on.
You know, I can see microtransactions in the free to play games, be it Dota 2 or whatever. Those games are free. The developers need to make money somehow.
And, you know, I know there's a lot of people that don't see a single penny to those games, but there are those people that, you know, tend to spend a lot of money on the game over time.
You know, they kind of use the mentality, you know, oh, it's just a dollar here, just a dollar there. Over time, you're probably going to spend more than 60 bucks on that kind of game, you know.
But in terms of games that you're already actually paying $60 plus upfront, I think it's a little overkill. What do you think?
Well, I mean, I think you've probably heard Logie's opinion pretty loud and strong is that I think it's a very similar kind of concept is that, well, if the game's free to play, then of course they're paying for it somehow.
Loot boxes are expected, but it's a little crappy. It's a lot of crappy. When you're paying 60 bucks for what? What am I paying 60 bucks for if then all this other stuff ends up being behind the gate?
Is the value of a $60 game getting diminished because you're not really, you're getting what, five maps in Battlefront with your 60 bucks, just have all this other stuff, you know, gated, even though I know that's not loot boxes.
But still, I think that's kind of what the point boils down to really at the end of the day is that the value of what a $60 game is is diminishing with a lot of this stuff.
Now, granted, that's where we had the email earlier tonight from Martin going, well, then why not charge $80 for a game?
And, you know, since, you know, clearly that's what they want is they want more money from the game, but it is a slippery slope.
And then indie developers are able to make bang up games for 20 bucks. Hell, sometimes five bucks, depending on, you know, where you're going for the experience and what it is you're looking for.
Um, it's, it's just, it's, it's a very interesting kind of crossroads in this industry, but I have a feeling, RageNator, at the end of the day, you know, we always say vote with your wallet.
And I think more and more of these single player games with this stuff locked behind it are going to get outed on places like Twitter, and it's going to impact the bottom line of a game.
It's different when it's like the cosmetic stuff and the stuff we've kind of seen so far, like what Overwatch does and all of that, because we've kind of all accepted it.
And the people that are crazy about Overwatch still pay money for the loot boxes and all right, cool, that's where they're making the money.
But I think if people really start to push back against the whole, like, content behind this, I think you're going to see developers probably implement it less because developers don't want to spend 60 million dollars developing their game just to have the internet take a giant shit on it. Ask fans of Mass Effect about that one.
Yeah, and on a related note, you know, you brought up, you know, I figured whether it was you or Loki, but, you know, you brought up the fun factor versus graphics, and I totally agree.
I mean, you know, if you're talking about, like, you know, the 80s and 90s, then, you know, back then, you know, when you saw leaps and bounds in graphics, you know, like from the Atari to the NES or NES to the Super Nintendo, then, yeah, you can, you know, make arguments about the whole wow factor.
You know, hell, you know, when I first saw a video of, you know, Super Castlevania IV, you know, I was wowed by that, but at the same time, you know, nowadays, we're getting to the whole diminishing returns things.
Are we, though? Because, you know, now games are going to 4K, and even, you know, I don't know if I see, like, a huge, huge difference in 4K, but, like, I know the refresh rate is one that's really wowed me, is that now that, you know, you have more TVs with a 60 hertz refresh rate, and, you know, you're seeing that in more games, like, that higher frame rate is, like, really impressive, and it makes things almost look even more like real life.
And, yeah, I can really see the difference between something that was on PlayStation 3 and, you know, now PlayStation 4, and especially Xbox One X at this point, and those Forza trailers and things like that.
So just when you wonder, and you know what we say here on OLR, just when you wonder how they're going to push it one step further, everything's one step closer to the holodeck.
Gaming doesn't end until we have the holodeck.
Yeah, good point.
All right.
Well, I'm going to let you go so you can take more calls, but thanks for taking my call.
You're welcome.
Have a good one.
Have a good one.
Take care of yourself.
Bye-bye.
All right.
But I was going to mention, since you mentioned, you know, everything's going towards the holodeck.
Yeah.
What's the holodeck adding to gaming versus what we have now?
Better experience, better gameplay.
Once again, that is the most important thing when it comes to a game.
Completely immersive pornography.
Well, yes.
That is also the end game, yes.
And completely assertive pornography.
Yeah.
Just think what the holodeck is going to do to the prostitution and rent boy industry when that comes out, and it's that immersive.
Hey, look, a call.
Just think about that.
I know.
Hey, look, a call.
It's saving us from porn discussion.
And this will probably be it for the night.
So, hi, you're on Orange on Trady.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Actually, I'm going to answer the porn conversation.
You know that PlayStation VR, you can check out porn now.
It's pretty...
That's all I'm going to say.
I enjoyed it.
But...
Fair enough.
Yeah, but noted.
The porn selection is important.
Yeah, stay in the...
Noted.
Dark Tetsuya, put that on the wiki.
Kaijuto called to talk in about porn.
Thank you.
All right.
But really, to be honest with you, we've all been watching porn since we were kids.
And when I watched porn in VR, it was like watching porn for the first time again, man.
Amazing.
I just...
Anyway...
We've been watching porn since we were kids.
I was 18.
Thank you very much.
Am I the only one that caught that?
No.
All right.
Maybe not all of us, but I was.
But...
What was I calling about?
Oh, yeah.
So...
VR porn.
What were you originally calling about before this show literally went to hell?
No, I was actually calling about VR.
I wanted to recommend two games to Loki.
If you haven't heard me on Black Wolf, you got to try Smashbox Battle Arena and Spark.
Those are two of the best VR games ever played.
Like multiplayer VR games.
Amazing, man.
So much fun.
I'm gonna say...
Why?
Oh, because it's crazy fun, man.
It's like you feel like you're actually out with a group of people and enjoy...
Remember when you were a kid and you would play dodgeball or you would go to the rec center?
You feel like you're doing all that stuff in VR.
No lie.
I mean, you legit feel like you're out in a community of people and you're interacting
and you're doing stuff and you're playing these sports games.
Oh, hooray.
It's just a lot of fun.
Can I get picked last in this too?
Actually, in Smashbox Arena, it is something like that.
I remember watching a review.
Somebody reviewed Smashbox Arena and they said that they felt like they were a kid in
the playground again being picked because they actually do have a picking system.
It's three versus three in Smashbox Arena.
So if you want to be on the blue team, there's only two teams, blue and orange.
If you want to be on the orange team, you have to stand in the orange box.
And if somebody doesn't want to be on your team, they'll jump over to the blue box and
you just get that feeling of, oh, they think I suck.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwater says, this is not selling me on this game.
Yeah.
Well, let's focus less on getting picked last and let's talk about the fun factor.
If you have an option that if you don't stand in the box, it'll auto sign you to a team.
So you don't have to go through that humiliation if you don't want to.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Some of us like that.
It's fun.
Okay.
You ended that well.
Good.
All right.
Are the games pre-constructed or is it more like you just have a big sandbox where you
can do anything?
It's kind of like a combination of both.
With Smashbox Arena, they put you...
I can't remember how many arenas they are.
They might be over maybe five right now.
I think they said they're going to add more to it.
But they put you in this little box arena and each box has a theme.
One, you're at a construction site.
Another one, you're at a space station.
There's one that looks like you're out in Arizona somewhere.
And what happens is you hear an announcer and they say, they count down and then they
say, ready, go.
And then when they say go, they drop all these balls out of the sky.
So basically, that's how you get your ammunition for your gun.
You have to run and collect the ball.
You can only collect two at a time.
You have to collect this ball and then teleport around and dodge balls that other people are
shooting at you, try to shoot another person with your ball.
They also have these special balls, like one special wall.
They have a sniper gun.
They have the usual stuff you'll find in a first-person shooter, like a sniper gun.
They have this other thing that shoots this big Indiana Jones boulder-looking thing at
your opponents, which is really funny.
It's fun to get caught by that.
You're just out there and out of nowhere, this big giant ball comes rolling you over.
It's just a lot of fun.
And then there's teleportation in the game, which also, I don't know, it kind of adds
to the charm of the game.
The game looks like crap, by the way, just if you go to look it up.
It looks terrible, but I don't know, there's a charm about it that I really like.
I'll not explain it, but when you spawn, you throw this little spinning top thing.
And that's how you know where you're going to land.
That's how you point in what direction you want to go to, and a little spinning thing
pops out, and then you spawn in that direction.
You have to move around with the move controllers.
I don't know, it sounds crazy, but it's a fun game.
I never had that much fun in VR.
It sounds interesting.
The only thing that might be souring me a little bit on it is that you said there's
a stage that's Arizona.
Why would I go into VR just to go to Arizona?
Well, it looks like that to me.
Any time I see orange mountains and that type of thing, I always think of Arizona for some
reason.
But to someone else, it could be Stonehenge, it could be whatever, because they do have
grass in there.
It's so you can see how pretty Arizona can be without having to deal with triple digit
heat.
I guess that's fair.
All right.
Can I shoot him, my friend?
I'm going to let you go so we wrap up the show, but thank you for your discussion on
raining balls and porn.
Yes, Smashbox Arena and Spark.
Two games you can't go wrong with, trust me.
PSVR, get them.
All right, take care, my friend.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
If you didn't get through and you want to in the future, you can call us next week,
because apparently Skype works again magically.
Or you can always send us an email.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the best place to send your emails.
We'll read some more of those next week.
In the meantime, we do have to wrap up the show for the night, but I got to go around
and get everybody's final thoughts first.
First, I'm going to say thank you as always for listening to the show.
Thank you for downloading the show, and we really appreciate you taking the time to check
out OLR.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at OLR, please tell a friend or five about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
Every gamer has a voice when, you know, the voices are here to air.
Yeah, five-star reviews on places like iTunes.
Those go a long way as well.
So definitely can always use those.
We'll be back, of course, to do this all again next week in seven days.
Although our pal Bobby will not be here next week, we will be here next week.
And I'm likely to have a hoarse voice as I'm hosting Rocky Horror next Saturday.
And you always know when I come in the day after that, I'm like,
I've got an orange lantern right here.
So that'll be fun.
Anyway, final thoughts for now.
JD, thank you for being here.
I'm sorry because of the mic situation.
We didn't get to hear from you a lot at the beginning of the show, but at least we got
you to fill in here a little bit at the back half, but always good to have you here.
Yeah, it was fun.
Thank you.
Anything you want to plug while you're here?
Do you have a book you're writing?
Do you have a Twitch channel?
My ADHD is way too bad to write a book.
I do have a Twitch channel that has one saved stream on it, because I'm very new at this.
I think it's twitch.com slash J-A-I underscore D-I-T.
And I'm probably only going to do Cook, Serve, Delicious too, unless someone has requests or something.
I'm probably not going to stream coming out on top or anything, because that probably breaks the Twitch rules.
But yeah, I also have a Twitter with the same username, and I try to be funny.
Fantastic.
All right, let's see.
Let's go over to Loki and your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I did have one last minute story.
Oh, oops.
I forgot to look for those.
Sorry.
So real quick, the Steam holiday sale dates have been leaked, so you can expect the Steam
Halloween sale to run from October 26th to November 1st, the Black Friday sale from November 22nd to November 28th,
and finally the winter sale from December 21st to January 4th.
And then my final thought is Stranger Things is coming out on Friday.
Oh, yeah.
That's another thing to look forward to this week, huh?
Yes.
So I'm looking forward to that.
All right.
And my final thought tonight is I don't know.
I'm going to play more Pokémon, maybe, until I get distracted with Destiny.
That's for sure.
Are you finally going to finish a Pokémon game?
Let's not talk crazy now.
Because come Tuesday, it'll be, ooh, shiny, Destiny.
And then Friday, ooh, shinier, Mario Odyssey.
But this is Gen 2.
It's ooh, shiny, like, possibly.
I see what you did there.
I see what you did there.
All right, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will see you next week.
Bye bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye bye.
