This week, the most important video gaming mechanic has been revealed. Prepare yourself
for a feline familiar in Cat Love and the forthcoming Assassin's Creed Origins. There's
plenty more news tonight, so stay tuned for more, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice, and hopefully some loose dreams.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio tonight with episode number 703
of our show for this October the 8th of 2017. I know it's been a crazy week with a lot of
really horrible stuff out there in the world, so I hope we can take your mind off it for
a couple hours tonight while we talk about some video games here in our studio, and seven
and located in Sacramento, California with me, Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter
at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining me as she usually does right over there, DarkSakura or Jamie
Summers. Oh hi. Hi, how are you Jamie? I'm okay. Yeah? I like your hair, you have this
like, and I know it's a radio show so I have to describe it, but she's got like this purple
on top kind of fading down into black, it's like the fade. It's purple to purple. Jamie's
in the fade. It's like fuchsia to purple. It looks black but it's also kind of dark
in the studio because it's trying to keep the heat down a little bit. Okay, I can kind
of see it. Yeah, in purple. Eh, radio, you'll just have to, you know. Take our word for
it. Exactly. Use your imagination. That's right, use your imagination, it'll take you
very far. Well we'll check in with Jamie and her gaming week in just a minute, but I want
to talk to Techmaster Loki as well. Hello. Hi, how are you, Loki? I'm good. Hey, everybody's
here this week. Yay. It's not yay. What a nice reunion we're having tonight. And we're
relatively plague free. That's right, relatively. Hopefully everybody stays disease free for
a while here. How are you doing, Loki? I'm doing fine. Yeah, I'm full. Full of what?
Hamburger. Hamburger. Hamburger. Yeah, because they went, they opened up a way back burgers,
I guess. Never heard of that. It's, I guess it's a nationwide chain, but it's a burger
place. They make like fresh burgers and that type of stuff and it's really good. Do Sherman
and Peabody deliver it from ancient Greece? How come we don't have restaurant sponsors
on this show? All these people you give a shout out to don't give us money. So now you
need to see some, say something bad about your experience. These pitas are brought to
you by Sarah. Well, the fries were just kind of okay. They're all right. They weren't like
fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. All right. We also have a special guest in studio. I
do want to of course always acknowledge the ever present guests that's on our show at
the chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice geeks network of
vog network.com six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black will show
again. That's vognetwork.com and if you are listening live, you can join our chat room
at live.vognetwork.com. We're going to get into some gaming chat here in just a minute,
but we do have a special guest here in studio. Actually, Jamie, do you want to introduce
somebody? Somebody that the audience has been asking to have back. So Jamie, some kid we
picked up in the back alley from a free candy truck. Stop picked up from a candy truck.
So welcome back to the show everybody. Julian is back this week. How you doing? Good. Good.
Now for some folks listening to the show who might not know you, how old are you? I'm 10
years old. You're 10 years old. When's your birthday? Um, April 27th. Okay. So you're
like 10 and a half almost. Almost. All right. Getting close, getting close. Uh, so, so you
did not come from a candy van, but what kind of car do you want to drive someday? I have
no idea. How am I supposed to know? I'm 10 years old. I just got told he's going to have
a testerosa cause he's going to be super rich and famous one day for his wit and humor.
I just, I just wanted mom to be thinking about that. That's only six years away to start
thinking about all that stuff. But anyway, all right. All right. It's, it's a video game
show, Julian. Um, hopefully you've never heard it cause it's very disgusting sometimes. We
can say whatever we want to around him. It's a joke. It's a joke. What types of, what types
of video games do you like to play, Julian? Um, I like to play puzzle fantasy sci-fi games.
Um, um, I like to play, um, puzzle games, fantasy games, sci-fi games. I find those
games the most entertaining for me. Okay. When you first said puzzle fantasy sci-fi
was like, wow, did he find a game that's like all three of those things? Cause that would
be really cool. Like a game like that. I don't know. Have you ever played puzzle quest? That's
kind of puzzle and fantasy a little bit. No, I've never heard of that game. That could
be portal. Okay. Yeah. Portal. Well, what kind of, do you have, do you have some titles,
some games that you like to play? Um, I like to play undertale. Okay. Oh, that's a good
one. Spore game about evolution. Yeah. Okay. Oh, yes. Spore. Um, I like pirate one on one.
Okay. Um, I try to think of games that I play. That's okay. I find myself in that position
every week on this show. Like, what did I play this past week? So undertale, undertale
is like hugely popular. I don't know if you know, but like even people that are like four
times your age enjoy playing undertale and they just, do you play it on the PC or do
you play it on PlayStation or PC? And, um, about a month ago it was on Joe's birthday.
It was whose birthday? About a month ago. It was undertale's on second birthday. Oh,
I didn't know that. So undertale was two years old as of, okay. Did you do anything to celebrate?
Um, at daycare we play the game and everyone had to be an undertale character. So it was
undertale. I'm detecting he might've been sand. Wait, is, of course I was saying I'm
going to be, I don't know. Is, is undertale like, cause I don't really know like the reason
why you're here, you're kind of like our ambassador to the next generation of gamers. Uh, so,
so is undertale like really popular with other like boys and girls your age? Um, very big.
I know tons of people at school that, um, play undertale a whole lot. And, um, some of them are
like hashtag pacifist run and then another, and other people are like, kill them all.
Genocide run is so fun. I love shooting sands. Wait, wait, wait, wait. 10 year olds have hashtag
Wars. That's just something I learned. I always, I always thought that was something unique to
RuPaul's drag race is when they would, you know, put in the corner, you know, hashtag, you know,
shantay, you stay or whatever it is going on there. But okay. So, so hashtag pacifist run
versus hashtag genocide run. All right. On the next Splatfest. Do you play Splatoon? I like that
game. Um, I, um, I've heard of people that play Splatoon, but I don't really play Splatoon.
That's okay. That's okay. There's a lot of games to play. Like there's just, you, you could play a
different video game every day and you'd never play them all. That's, that's the, that's the
reality. So, um, one of the reasons I think part one on one is a great and also a funny game is
one of the, um, questions it asks you, but when you build your character, is it, it goes like
this. So, um, you know, you know, where you're an orphan, how'd your parents die? That's,
that sounds kind of morbid, Julian. I don't know. You like that? I, um, chose that. I chose,
that's okay. I chose, um, that, um, I chose that my parents were eaten by a sky squid. Okay. I'm
sure that makes your mother feel great once you hear that. A sky squid. All right. I got to go.
So, so I'm looking at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com because I don't know if you
know, but this is, this is actually like on the internet and people are listening to it right
now. And so, so there's some feedback going on right now. Let's see. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf is
suggesting he's too old for Splatoon and that that's for babies. That might be the reason why
you haven't played Splatoon. Uh, let's see. Uh, Dungeon Buster says, is he looking forward to
Wolfenstein the new colossus this month? Are there any games you're looking forward to? Maybe
if not that one, is there anything like you got your eye on like, Ooh, I want to play that when
it comes out? Um, the new dragon age that, um, game that's supposed to, um, come out. I'm playing
after that one comes out. I want to start to play the series and then play that one. You are
definitely your mother's child. I, but that's great. What do you like about dragon age? Um,
I think it's a cool game. It's, um, um, fantasy. Like I said that I liked, um,
fancy games. It also has a great, um, story and, um, it's just a fun game that
a lot of people also like too. Yeah. Black Wolf would like to follow up with that. Who is he
going to romance? No one. Good. Because you're 10. You don't need to worry about Selbasy run.
I broke Rob. Rob is now turning bright fuchsia. He matches my hair. Well done Julian. Well done.
Show's over. Going home. Bye. When I'm dead, turn the show over to Julian.
Rob's done. All right. Let's see. I'm looking in chat. Brad from pop culture says, damn it. Loki.
I just spit water at the monitor. Uh, I love it. Uh, a lot of people taken surprise in our
chat to the fact that undertale is kind of the game that people play in the school yard and
the undertale, uh, is, is the thing that people play at school. What are, are there other games
that kids like to, like, are there other like video game, like playground games that kids get
into? Um, sometimes when they're supposed to be playing, um, this was in fourth grade when, um,
kids were supposed to be on Moby max. People would sneak onto prodigy and play, uh, the wizarding
math game of fantasy. Wait, wait, wait. Prodigy prodigy prodigy still exists. Prodigy still exists.
That's what, that was my, that was me when I was like 12 was prodigy. I was, I, I wonder if it's
the same thing or if it's like somebody else has the name now. It's a video game. Yeah. Well,
when I was attainment, when I was younger, it was, it was games and a bunch of other stuff too,
but the games were probably the best special chat rooms. Wink, wink. Exactly. Exactly. That
sort of thing. So of course, you know, I met Dan through AOL back in the sailor moon chat room.
Remember that Becky? Oh, sorry. We had, we had an eye roll.
So, so, um, you, do you prefer to game on PC versus like PlayStation four and Xbox? Like,
are you in the great PC versus console debate? Where do you stand? I, um, definitely like PC
more because it can, it has a much wider variety of games and it has a lot more things you can do
on it. And it's just, I think it's, um, better, just much, much better. We, um,
because it can, um, play games that are eight bit, 16 bit, 32 bit, and even 64 bit.
It can do it all. It can. And then if it can't do it anymore, you just put a new card in it and
now it can do it. That's, that's how those PCs work. Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. So sometimes
don't listen to them. Little Mac. Sometimes we get really lucky here at OLR and sometimes people
that actually make games, listen to our show. Uh, have you ever tried to make a game Julian?
Actually, I'm really curious about that. Have you ever tried to make a game? Like, do they teach you
any type of like programming in school now? I'm planning that I want to eventually make a game,
but I'm taking, um, coding classes, um, right now so that I can learn to program so I can
eventually make my own video game. Do you know what they call the, do you know what language
they're teaching you? Do you know what it's called? Do you know if they're teaching you,
like unity or language? Uh, I actually know, um, three languages. Okay. One of them is English.
Okay, good. That's a good one to know. Yeah. The second one is the one that my mom taught
and other people taught me. It's, um, called Pic Latin. Oh, okay. And the third one is me and
the one that me and my friends made up. Um, Lee Latin is where you, um, it's pretty much, um,
Pic Latin, but instead of, um, saying Julian Jay, you'd say Julian July. So,
Aloha. I'm trying. Oh, video game language. Well, I was fascinated by the Pic Latin stuff too,
but yeah, sadly you can't build a video game in Pic Latin. At least not yet.
I'll do Wingdings as the font. Just kidding.
And maybe work some Comic Sans. Just kidding. Into it. I'm sorry. I'm going to have to put
him in the freezer. It was nice knowing you, Julian. Get in the freezer. Well,
that's a little cold of you to say. I will lock you in the meat locker.
I would like to apologize for that. That's entirely my fault. Thank you,
mom. Is that where Julia is the mistress of dad jokes. I appreciate that. I appreciate that.
All right. Uh, yeah. Going into chat, uh, MXC says I am dying. Come on,
no Gus says someone hit a gong. Matt says, did he find Drew's joke book? I think so.
We didn't flush it. We had to press it between wax sheets so that it wouldn't dissolve.
All right. As we all know, it's made out of toilet paper. So, so, so as far as like making
the video games, you're not sure like what the name of the tool is that you're using to make
video games or I don't know, um, what, um, um, tool, tool I'm going to use for, for making a
video game. I know what I could call it. Okay. That's what I was going to ask you. As I was
gonna say, we have people that listen to the show that are, you know, we're lucky that we do have
actually game makers listening to this show. I don't know if you know, but orange sounds radio,
someone actually made a game, actually two games based on ideas that we put out there. So I was
going to say Julian, maybe the game makers out there want to know what game do you want to see?
What game do you want to play? Um, I, um, saw this, um, eight bit 16 bit game that a, um,
14 year old, um, game, what it was, um, a past game that one of my favorite YouTubers played.
He's extremely British. Um, and, um, it was called the mark of oxen and that kind of inspired me
to make a game like that, but not eight bit. Uh, so you want it, you want to do a modern version
of that, but maybe, uh, but I wanna, I want it to be kind of based on that, but not really
just make the whole entire game again, but just 64 bit or something. I want to like have,
I want to base my game on that and I want to, um, change the dialogue. I want the same fighting
style as it, but I'm going to change a lot of the things. I just want to base my game on that.
All right. You know, and sometimes, sometimes you can, you can go back and you can reinvent an idea
and make it better. And you know, that, that might make like a really solid game. I think a ton of
people are trying to do that to Minecraft, but nothing's really stuck yet. I think Minecraft
is still kind of the, the big, big game in that genre and nobody's really topped it yet. So maybe
someday, maybe someday. And me, the 10 year old will make something way better than that stupid
14 year old can make. It's like, call them out. You call them out right here. I love it.
Julian's new handle is going to be shade tree. All right. All right. Well I do, I do, Julian,
I have to move on to some other topics here, uh, shortly to, to get into our show, but is there,
is there anything that you want to tell the gamers out there listening to orange on radio?
I can't think of anything. I don't know. That's okay. I usually can't either,
but Hey, do me a favor since, you know, you are a kid and I'm, I'm not, uh, you know, sometimes I
noticed out there, there's a lot of like negativity about video games out there. And I don't know
about you, but I think video games are pretty rad. So I like to try and keep it all positive
when we talk about video games, you know, sometimes there's a little thing here and
there where you might say, I wish they do this better. Cause this makes me really mad, but
I don't like to be mad all the time. So can you help me make sure that like 10 year olds
today are gonna like keep it positive with video games and keep this industry fun?
I don't think I, I need to tell them, um, to play video games. They're probably already playing at
20, um, um, um, 36 hours a day. That is true. Just as long as they're having fun doing it.
That's the important part. They're definitely having fun doing it. If they're playing at 36
hours a day. Yes. I should have thought of that. Yes. Well, they're playing 36 hours a day. They're
also traveling through time as well. So more props to them. They're doing something right.
Uh, let's see, Brad from pod culture and chat says, uh, Julian will get his game done before
Loki. That is probably true. That joke was like, I saw that joke before we even have the time
machine as well. Apparently. Well, I just have, it's predictable joke is predictable. So,
and look, you will also have, you know, his tingle costume made and invent the time turner.
You know, funny enough, actually that you mentioned the tingle costume because there was,
um, what was it? They did a new content cop that was popular on YouTube and Ian actually wears
a morph suit, tingle costume. Like, well, there it is. Apparently it does exist. So
that is true. I guess it's glad to know, glad to know that is out there. Somebody beat you to it.
Uh, one more question in our chat room, act after over at live.vog network.com wants to know
when are we giving Julian his own podcast? Uh, any, anytime he wants to do one, we'll,
we'll help him get one together. So he'll just have to get some friends together and
figure out what they want to talk about. Probably when I'm an adult.
Yes. Let's not rush anything. Yes. Let's not rush anything. You need to do is you need to get into
like, if you like toys and games and stuff like that, you start a toy and boxing channel, then
it just, it's a never ending cycle because you get views and you get, you know what Julian just
told you, he's going to do it when he's good and ready right now. He's going to enjoy being a kid.
Is that right? We get free toys. Yeah, exactly. I'm missing the point here.
This is Julian's show, not your show. If you want to do a free toy show or whatever to get toys,
then you, you, you go right ahead and start one. I'm not sure if it's legal for me to have my own
show yet. Well, that's true. I know there's four roles that they're on YouTube. I would
as long as your mom is aware of what you're doing. That's I think. Okay. She's she's got to open or,
you know, as long as somebody approves, she'll never know. I'll make my show in the sewer with
my friends. Oh, you're a Ninja turtle now. No. Okay. I don't have a shell.
I also speak English. Yeah. Yes. We can make you green. All right. Let's get, let's get into some
of the gaming topics from this past week. And Julian, if you do want to jump in at any time,
just, you know, shake Jamie and let her know you want the mic. All right. Uh, anyhow, let's talk
a little bit about before we get into our gaming weeks, you know, something that happened this past
week is the Nintendo world championships. Actually that just happened. What? Like,
was it yesterday or day before? You just have something on there. I was like,
I thought that happened yesterday. Well, no, the qualifiers, but the big event,
like the finals was yesterday. Yeah. I know. I think a lot of people, it's Saturday is a
weird day to do it. They advertised it so well. I know. I know. Right. Well, so it was, uh, it
was yesterday and they had it in Manhattan at the grand ballroom and it was on YouTube and Twitch,
but they also showed it on Disney XD in that DXP, uh, segment that they have on, on the Disney
kids channel, or I'm sorry, it's now at all Disney XD or whatever it's called. So they actually
showed it on TV. So that's something that the Nintendo championships are actually being shown
on TV. Uh, so what happened is that there is, I guess, I guess there was like a, it was like a
single elimination tournament and you had like two brackets. So once you got eliminated,
you went to the underground and otherwise you were in the above ground. Well, anyway,
some of the games that they had to play, let's see, in the above ground stage one was, uh,
there was a, like a relay between the legend of Zelda, breath of the wild in a shield surfing
race, a high score challenge in the home run contest of Smash Brothers for Wii U and a race
in Metroid Samus Returns. Okay. So the top 16 went on to stage two and that was two eight player
matches in Super Smash Brothers for Wii U. Stage three was a grand Prix of two races in Mario Kart
8 Deluxe. Stage four was a best of three match in Splatoon. And then the final four played one
versus one matches in Arms. Meanwhile, in the underground, it was completely different games.
Stage one was a high score challenge in Balloon Fight. Yep. 1985 from the NES. Then a stage two
was a high score challenge in a game called Bird and Beans, which I never played, but apparently
it was inspired by a WarioWare game. Uh, Donkey Kong Country Returns was stage three. Stage four
was Tetris for the Game Boy. That's pretty cool. Uh, and then the final underground stage was Mario
Party 2, some of the mini games. So you had the, the, the contestant from the underground and the
contestant from the above ground. They met in the final, final, final challenge, which was
Super Mar... I'm sorry. Super Mario Maker was the first finals game. Super Mario Brothers Deluxe,
Mario Odyssey was the big finish at the end. Of course they played a stage that nobody has seen
before. And I think we kind of all knew that this whole thing was just a promotion for Mario Odyssey,
right? It's a whole promotion for Nintendo stuff. I mean, come on. Yeah, it really was. I mean,
they had a lot of newer games in there and it all got screen time on Disney, you know, of all
things. So, but hey, I mean, that's come a long way. I don't remember the 1990 championships being
on TV. Was it? I think it might've been like covered on TV, but I don't remember it like
actually being on TV. And then the 2015 was all during E3. So it was kind of picked up as a part
of that, but, uh, yeah. So there you go. Uh, the final winner of the whole event was Thomas G. Uh,
and actually the runner up was the 2015 champion, John Numbers. So that's still not bad though,
to win two years ago and then be the runner up this year is still pretty good. So there it is,
Nintendo world championships. So, I mean, what do you guys think? Is the Nintendo world championships
something that Nintendo should be doing regularly or was this kind of a non-factor?
All right. I mean, I don't know. It's a fun little hype machine. It's just not,
I don't think it has the same draw as it did. Like, you know, back when we were growing up,
I mean, it's just kind of now it's very obvious that it's kind of a Nintendo commercial commercial
and it's like, Oh, you're the best at like the Nintendo game. Who cares? I mean, no one really,
that's what kind of seems like, but it's fine. It's cool to like see the new games and stuff.
I thought last year's was a little bit better though. Like, especially when I think there was
an internal championships where they did like the blind runs of like some of the Mario maker
levels. That was a good way to show up Mario maker. It was, I mean, nowadays though, people
do Mario maker runs all the time and it's like, eh, I don't know. Julian, what do you think?
I have a question. Okay. What is the, um, what, whatever it's called, the, um, Nintendo
championships or whatever. Yeah. The Nintendo world championships. Um, what is that? That's
a great question. I guess it's kind of like the Olympics or it's like a tournament,
but it's all Nintendo. So it's like a big Nintendo tournament, but it's all those games I just
named. It's not one game. You have to be good at every Nintendo game in order to win. Um,
the one that I knew the best that you named on the list was legend of Zelda, breath of the wild.
I thought I've, um, saw that game was, um, I've wanted that game since he came out, but
I don't want to have to buy the, um, Nintendo switch for it, but we, you know,
we're probably not going to buy a Wii U. That's all right. You let the games you want to accumulate.
And then someday when you do get a switch, maybe, you know, someday way, way down the line,
you can get all these games that you've been wanting to play. And then it's like,
Oh, you've you're, you'll be busy for the next year. So do you think, do you think you'd want
to compete in something like the Nintendo world championships? Was that, is that something you
want to do? No, I'll stick with, um, one of the one PVP and my pirate one Oh one world.
Okay. Fair enough. Fair. Wait a minute. So you mean if I, if I go online and I play one versus
one PVP in some of these games, I might be playing against you. Yes. And also don't,
I don't want your level 10. Everyone who's level 70 will harvest you and be you again and again
to get, to get a higher rank in PVP. That's not very nice. I know. I know. Level 70 people harvest
on the, on the lower level people. They need, they need to stop hating on the lower level.
How are you supposed to get to a higher level if they keep picking on you? Perhaps if a developer
puts an actual game balancing in it. Um, pretty much, um, what you do is, um, you paint him for
no reason. Just kidding. You don't do that. That'll just make them extremely mad. Now,
some of the chatters are suggesting, come on, Noel Gus in our chat room says someone show him that
eighties movie with Fred Savage. I think you're talking about the wizard monster. I think that
he has to play super Mario brothers three. So maybe I played it before. Okay. So you played
Mario brothers three. So I don't remember what the wizard is rated, but I can't imagine it was worse
than PG. So, uh, you know, maybe that's a movie you should, cause that that's, that's what was
out when I was 12 and that's when they hyped super Mario brothers three. It was like the first time
the world got to see it was in this movie. It was pretty cool. Okay. It's probably really corny now
in retrospect though. Cause a lot of eighties movies, a lot of eighties movies are pretty corny.
Do you ever watch movies in the eighties? I don't know. I don't ask, Hey mom, when I'm
going to see a movie, when I, when I go see, see a movie, I don't go to, I don't go to my mom and
say, Hey, is this movie from a 1980s and nine 1981, 1982, 1983. And then that's fair. You don't
judge. You don't judge. That's fair. All right. Oh yeah. I've seen karate kid. Oh, that's the
only one you need to see. Let's see. Mom. I want to see the new star Wars. You're going to watch
the old Mario brothers and you're going to like it. All right. Let's move on. Before we get into
the news this week, let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
we've been playing this week. Actually, while it's on my mind though, quickly, before I go to
dark soccer, I do want to say while Julian and his mom are still here, I do want to say, I did notice
that they brought a gift to the studio this week. So I guess this is like a belated celebration
cake of some sort, I believe. So, so you, so you, you actually baked a pumpkin spice cake. Am I
right? I did. I love you, Rob. I love you too. Anybody who makes me food. That's, that's an
amazing gesture. So I want to thank you very much for that. You are quite welcome. That pumpkin spice
case. Oh my God. What Trixie and Katya. Okay. I've been doing the happy dance since last night.
Okay. It has nothing to do with games. No, but although my understanding is I've been seeing it
on Twitter, I guess Trixie is doing something on Twitch TV, like right now, right? Helping
raise money for gamer X and that whole that they're doing back East. So that's pretty cool.
And Trixie did host at gamer X. Yeah. That was where I met her. Which I met her out of drag.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So she, cause she was actually hanging out at the parties and stuff. Yep. All
right. All right. Well, let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have
been playing this week. Dark soccer. How was your gaming week? Um, semi eventful. I'm working on the
DerpyCon, uh, guide again. And this time I've kind of put my foot down on due dates. So I actually
have some time to do stuff. And so I am playing Danganronpa V3, which, um, I haven't been able
to stream. I'm not going to be able to stream it until I get, um, uh, until I get the book done,
but Danganronpa V3 is going to be up for stream in a couple of weeks. You know, once there,
I'm sure that spoilers have been spoiled, you know, in a very stinky spoilery manner. Um,
I am actually playing animal crossing happy home designer again, because I love that game. I'm
playing idle pouring, which is my handheld Ragnarok online. Um, Miitomo, Pokemon Go. Um,
crap. I played something else too. Oh yeah. Um, I'm kind of addicted to video solitary again.
That's random. Because like I do it while listening to stuff.
Okay. Yeah. So that I can keep my hands busy. Yeah. And I pay better attention to it if I'm,
cause I'm a very kinesthetic type of learner. Some people knit or crochet. Some people play
video solitaire. It's fine. Yeah. And, um, yeah, that's pretty much it. Oh, wait. I take that back.
I take that back. Cause we got the thing. I was about to call you out on something I've been
seeing all over Facebook. We got the thing. So after last week's show and that whole talk.
I said I wasn't going to actively seek one. A super Nintendo classic is what she's talking
about. Yes, because we have a friend who gave us the hookup as we got our nest mini.
So it's not an act of seeking. It's a, Hey, if you get one. Okay. So it fell from the heavens
onto your lap. So you were like, if I must, I will take this. Even though there's people everywhere
fighting in the streets and on eBay for one of these, somehow one magic, fuck them. They're not
me. Somehow one magically fell into your lap and you, you said, okay, if I must, I'll play this
Nintendo classic. So we played, um, of course the first thing we played on it was star Fox
so that we could unlock star Fox too. Yep. And then Dan beat star Fox too. Oh wow. Yeah. Cause
you can beat that real fast. Yeah, you can different ways, but you have to, you know,
go through and prevent like corner area from being destroyed and all this stuff.
And I had remembered playing like a ROM way back, but it was more like a level select version. So
it was really not very polished rough. Yeah. Um, but I still remembered the level warp trick
in the first star Fox where in your second level you go into the asteroid. Oh yeah. You
shoot the face. Not quite. You have these rotating. There's, there's five of them. Yeah.
And the middle one's gold. You shoot each of those and fly through the, uh, the debris.
And then slightly to the left, you're going to get one meteor that has a face on it and you run into
it. Right. And it's like a really, it looks like it looks like the moon from Majora's mask. It
does. It does look like that. It does. And then you get to do like the skip to like, that's when
you go to the black hole, the black hole, and then you go to like sector Y or something. Yeah.
One of those sectors anyway. Um, and then, um, we played a Super Mario world last night.
Um, a little off and on. I, I'm not as good at that game as I used to be. Although I did like
some, you know, just a few things on instinct, you know, like flipping the P block and taking
it to the, you know, all that. Um, and, uh, we actually got to like through the whole vanilla
dome area, you know, just me and Dan and he's been playing Super Mario Kart, which that game
makes me violently ill. Um, why is that just the rough, some of the mode seven games like F zero
will do that to me as well. Um, but, um, you know, it's also why I have actually have the same
problem with, um, some of the Sonic bonus stages, like the ones where you run and hit the balls.
Yeah. Oh, even I get like, oh, stop running back and forth. Yeah. Well, and the, um, and the,
the bonus level where you're in like the, the bouncy house with all the blocks and everything.
That's my one complaint about Sonic mania is that you run into those bonus stages and like
half the game. I mean, you can skip them, but it's like when I was for, you know, you just
instinctively keep going into the bonus round. I'm like, all I'm doing is the stupid bonus round.
One thing that's a little disappointing is that the ROM for super Mario world is the
cartridge ROM and not the all-stars one that had the different Luigi.
Um, and it certainly isn't the Japanese one cause you can't eat the, um, dolphins.
Right. But I'm trying to get Dan to set aside some time with me so that we can play through,
um, secret mana. Okay. Oh, I also played, um, uh, the, the Kirby all-stars. I just sat down
and played the first one until I got, you know, my hands started hurting because I think my
ganglion cyst is coming back and it makes me sad. So, so you're enjoying it despite, and Bobby is
saying very tongue in cheek in our chat room. What happened to, I don't need it because I have all
the games on it anyway. Because I didn't technically go out and buy it. Dan sent me a picture
and said, look what we have, but now that you have it in your house, it was kind of like, oh,
this is fun to go back and play all these games again. Well, the thing that I actually specifically
like about it is playing it on our 4k TV without lag. Okay. Because we can't hook up. And to be
fair, you did call that out last week. It's like the reason why you would want to get one.
Exactly. And that I actually don't think I own, um, either of those Kirby games now that I think
about it. I don't think that we own those. So it was nice to go back and play a game I haven't
touched in, you know, 25 years. So, um, you know, all the rest of them have definitely played more
recently than that. Um, shoot, even star Fox two have played more recently than that, but, um, it
was, it was neat, you know, um, it's so tiny, it's cute. I took a picture of it on like a real SNES
and it was adorable. And, but the thing that is kind of neat is that you, you peel back
the controller ports to plug in the little USB controllers. And so that's pretty neat,
but I think that the primary thing is just that it makes it easy for some of these games, um,
just to play them in the front room where we don't have that, that lag, you know,
imagine trying to play street fighter with at least one to two seconds of lag. Yeah. You can't
do it horrible. Yeah. Uh, come on. No Gus in chat is sticking up for you saying a lady can change
her mind. It's my prerogative. I can do what I want to do. That's right. Nobody can tell me what
to do. And I just quoted Bobby Brown. I know, or, or Brittany, depending on what decade you were
growing up in. All right. Uh, well, well, well, Julian, I got to check in with you, buddy. Um,
I know you, you play the pirate one Oh one. Is there anything this week that you've been playing
specifically? This is like your fave, huh? Um, yeah, I've been playing the game since I, what,
six or seven. Oh, so, Oh, okay. So you've been playing this for like half your life almost.
Yeah. Um, I played undertale this week a little. Okay. Um, no.
Yeah. Minecraft. We need to get you on danganronpa. What's that? Is that a game that he should play?
It's got some themes in it that are a little dark. Well, I, uh, I,
Hey, do you know who his mother is? I ain't the parent or the BFF parent. So y'all that's y'all's
decision, but okay. No, he probably shouldn't play danganronpa. That's what I thought. All right.
I just thought of, um, a great pun. So what, what do you call, um, what was the video game that
everyone is arguing about in the neighborhood? What is the video game that everybody's arguing
about in the neighborhood? I don't know what street fighter.
Good night, everybody. We'll be back to do this again in seven days. I hope you all have a
wonderful week. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. All right. Anyway, no, it's good.
That was good. You're going to go places, kid. It's pretty soon. You're going to have to charge
people a two drink minimum. I'm just, I'm just having a Zorak quote going to my head.
Somebody better slap a muzzle on that scale down piece of evil.
Okay. I just, I just have a request someday when this show inevitably ends,
cause this show is going to have some day. Never. I want Julian to send the show off.
That's that's, that's my one. I don't even care if he's like 23,
he's got to come back and send the show off appropriately. It's my one request.
Fair. Is that deal? I don't know. It's 13 years in the future. It could happen.
It could not happen. I could be dead by then, but let's not get morbid kid. All right.
I should hope not. I'm sure you're gonna have a long, full life. All right. Anyhow.
You all right? No, I just was warning him. Oh yeah. Sorry. The mic doesn't have a lot of slack
on it to get all the way over there. So. All right. Anyway. And we're not slackers. Haha.
All right. Uh, let's see. How about Loki? Loki, how was your gaming week? What'd you play?
Um, I played cuphead. That was kind of the most of what I played this week.
Is it as hard as advertised? Cause I haven't started it yet.
It's not a super hard. Did you sit there and scream at it? Like I just imagine you doing
no, I didn't scream on it because it's just like playing like an old,
so you have to understand when people say it's a hard game now it's because they're older and they
they're not as skills. They used to be when they were younger, like playing games from like the
eighties. So it's about that difficulty. It's just very technical. So you just,
it's not unfair. You just have to be precise in what you do. That's it.
I have not played cuphead yet, but I, it is sitting waiting to be streamed after tonight's
show me playing for the first time. So gorgeous game. I mean, I really like it. So, um, I haven't
played too much of it yet, but I do enjoy it. Um, so definitely worth picking up. Um, then of
course I actually went to the store and I saw that they had a Mario Odyssey demo at the kiosk.
So I got to try that out. And I got to say that, um, playing the switch with like the joy con
separated is the most uncomfortable thing I've had to deal with. I hate that so much. Um,
but I think like a pro controller or like it actually docked into the screen or something
might be a little bit better, but it was just weird. I just did not like it. It wasn't as
comfortable as like the Wii remote in nunchuck. I think it's because they tried to make those so
small, but other than that, I mean, Mario honestly is a gorgeous game. I mean, I would
love to pick it up, but $400, man, that's pretty expensive. So what three or 400, I don't know,
still a few hundred dollars. The games are starting to add up though. Like, you know,
the things that are worth buying on the switch, I would think, but yeah, I mean, it's a good,
it's a good console, I guess, but like what I really pay all that money for Mario Odyssey,
maybe, I don't know. It's just not right now. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see.
And then aside from that, just, I've been playing a little bit of the, um,
office space idle clicker game, which they keep adding crap to it to make it more kind of grindy
and I'm not quite like now I did hit a hundred the other week or whatever. So I'm kind of done
with the game, but then they added more to it. So you kind of start all over and then there's like
four buildings that you're trying to go through instead of just the one.
And I don't know. It just seems very like cash grab. It's a free to play game. So it's supposed
to be very obvious cash grab, but it's just kind of like each week let's find ways to screw the
player over even more. It's I don't know. It's just kind of, I'm not playing it as much. I'm
kind of going that route. They went with Pokemon and Ingress where it's like kind of slowly phasing
it out. Okay. We'll see. All right. That's it. All right. Well, my gaming week, I haven't,
I haven't played an awful lot because I guess, I guess I can confess about this on the show.
I haven't done, I haven't done one of these games in like eight or nine years,
but one of my friends from back in the day, like was it tried to convince me like, Hey Rob,
you should play my game. That's like one of these like online, like big brother type of competitions,
like the TV show, but it's all on Facebook. So, and before you judge me for this type of stuff,
like it's no different than like role-playing on forums or anything like that. Live journal.
Yeah. I was doing this back in the day. That was the last time I did it was back in,
back in the day when live was still around. So one of my friends that I met in those days was like,
he, he'd been bugging me about it for a while, but I was like, no, I can't do it because I'm doing
four podcasts a week. No, I can't do it cause I'm doing two podcasts a week. And now it's like,
Oh, I guess I only have the one show. So as long as nothing big happens on Sundays, I guess I can
do it. So, so that's been taken a lot of my time though, because that's a very, you know, social
type of thing where you have to talk to a lot of people. So, uh, yeah, that's, that's been taking
up a lot of my time, but I have been trying to do a few video games here and there and namely the
super Nintendo classic. Of course, I finally had to plug that in and play that getting that Friday.
So like Jamie, the first thing I did was play star Fox so I could unlock star Fox too. And, uh, when
I played star Fox too, I have to admit, I was kind of like, man, it's really not that good.
Yeah. That's kind of what I was looking at. I was like, the Walker areas are bizarre. Here's
the thing. Here's the thing. If that game had come out at that time, it would have been awesome.
But the technology with the FX chip and that type of 3d gaming, it hasn't aged gracefully. You know,
it's still very polygon and you really notice like the low frame rate on these games. And look,
I'm not, I'm not raising it because. You know, that was what it was in the nineties. And at
that time it blew our minds because we hadn't seen anything like it, but it just, I actually
would argue that something like super Mario cart has aged better than star Fox has. I think
I do like the dogfight levels though. Those were pretty neat. Yeah. It was kind of one of the
things I'd always wanted in star Fox from the get-go, uh, dark Tetsuya and Chad over at live.vog
network.com says seems like most reviewers are comparing it to today's games. Yeah. I heard
about that. Like some big website gave it a five out of 10 and stuff. I don't, I just, I'm not sure
star Fox two can be reviewed appropriately today. Like it's a brand new game in 2017. I mean,
it's a bone to why it's necessary to review the game, but that's what I'm saying is that,
well, you can, I think it's fine to do like a review. Well, I'm if it's your website,
you do whatever the heck you want, but I would think like if it's, if it was for vog network,
let's say, I think I would just do an unscored review, like an impressions type of thing. And
you know, this is how I feel about star Fox two in 2017. It's cool that I got to play it.
It's cool that they unearthed something out of the archive. I wish Nintendo would do this more
often, but that all being said, this is a great thing for a museum, but not something I'm going
to be like, Oh, I got to run home and play star Fox two. I think we also have to look at it though,
through the lens of, you know, what it was built for the time it was built for. Yeah,
no. And like I'm saying, like as a, as a museum, as a study of the super Nintendo back in the day,
as a, what essentially would have been one of the final releases on the super Nintendo,
you know, it's, I'm great that it exists for people to see that, but like as a, this is going
to be my 40 hours of entertainment this week, instead of playing final fantasy 15 or something,
probably not. So I don't know. That's how I feel about it. Anyway, uh, SSG100 Matt and chat over
at live.vognetware.com says, seems like society feels the need to tear down and pick apart
everything. Doesn't matter what it is. Yeah. I mean, I can sit here and go star Fox two
isn't that great. It didn't age well, but I can still respect it for what it was trying to do
at the time and what it means to the super Nintendo. And I think the elements from that
went into the star Fox assault. Yeah. There are pieces of that that influenced future star Fox
games for sure. That's what I like about it though. But I'm really hoping that beta 64 does
a new video about it, where they go through, um, that semi pre-released one that was online,
that wasn't translated and do a comparison to see how complete it was. Now I'm kind of sitting and
purposely waiting to dive into final fantasy three and secret of mana, because I think those would
make better streams. So I'm kind of waiting to do some streams of those, but I have been trying to
play some of the other games. Uh, I played street fighter two turbo and, uh, is it like, I can't
do any of the moves. Like what happened? Like I'm, I'm in the game trying to do like Chun-Li
kick, kick, kick, or, or she can throw a fireball in this one. Right. No, she doesn't have the key
close show in this one. I thought she got that in turbo. No. Yeah. She got it in, um, super.
Oh, she got in super. No wonder I couldn't do the fireball, but I couldn't even do the spinning
bird kick or any of that stuff. And I was like, what? And then I switched over to Ryu and I was
able to throw a fireball, but like I couldn't do anything else. It was like, I know how to do the
moves. It's like, what happened? I got to the end with, um, Ken and he couldn't beat him with Ken.
So he switched to Ryu and beat the game, but Ryu wasn't there because the fight is everything.
I wasn't, wait a minute. But Ryu and Ken are practically the same. Um, speed is a little
different. Yeah. I get, and, and I think Ken gets a little more on the Shoryuken and Ryu gets a
little more on the fireball. Right. Yeah. And I think he's got a better throw. I think that's
the other thing too. He's got a stronger throw. I guess that's true. So, all right. Yeah. Uh,
okay. Thank you. Dark Tetsuya says she has it in turbo. It's a different motion though.
That's what I thought. She had like the tiny little fireball and then they like really
changed the look of it. I thought it was a charge move. I can't remember. I thought you
had to roll a half circle. No, I thought hers was a charge move. I thought it was a half circle.
Any, well, any, whatever it is, I tried both and I can't do it. And I was like,
is this just cause I'm old? Like what's going on? You can always check the manual. Do they have a
manual in the game or is it a link online? We also have this other thing called the internet
or game facts or, you know, probably just ask Siri, you know, Hey Siri, how do I throw a
fireball? Take some gasoline in a match and some cotton balls. Uh, Dark Tetsuya in chat says it
was a charge motion in super street fighter two. So, uh, that's always how I was used to doing it.
Yeah. That's why I was used to it too, but that's cause they changed it later. But anyway,
all that stuff aside. Oh yes. Um, I know how to do the, um, fireball. So what you do is you take
the controller and press some buttons in a certain order and it will work. Thanks kid. I'll try that
later on. Cause it's not working for me so far. All right. That's it. I'm going to challenge the
boy to street fighter. That's right. You should, you should school, you should school this kid on
street fighter and then we'll see. We'll see what he has to say next week. Oh, Julia's played
strip. Who's your favorite in street fighter. Julia. Who's that character that can do the
fireball, but all has the weird stretchy limbs. I think you're thinking of, um, um, I know a lot
of people that are terrible playing him. He's my best character. All right, cool. It's all seems
cool. Like yoga, fire yoga, that guy. Right. Yoga flame. I think, I think it's, um, isn't her name
Chung Lee. Um, um, she's, I'm also, I'm gonna, um, playing on her, but I, do you know what the
most popular move in treat fighter is? What's that? Hadouken. Yes it is. Yes. I think everybody
knows. I think Hadouken is probably in the Webster dictionary at this point. Very well. I'm curious.
I'm going to look that up. All right. Well, while you look that up, cheap bitch move. All right.
We need to get to, uh, some quick announcements. Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. Uh, we'll be here for the next few
weeks. We might be off in early November. I'll fill you guys all in on that. Hopefully I'll know
that for sure in the next two weeks. Can we fill it in with cream? Whatever. Like when you have a
night off custard cream, you can spend it. However you like, you can bake with Becky. She's next.
I can't bake for shit. That's why I have Becky because Becky can bake for shit and she can bake
for other things too. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. Let's get stuff though. Let's get to
some gaming news. We got more to dump. Jump into Loki. Well, it's a little bicep with Jamie. It
just doesn't have the same ring to it as big with Beth. It really doesn't. It really doesn't.
Um, I could do a shopping show since we were talking about street fighter. Um,
I guess you guys should know that street fighter five is getting an arcade edition. Yes. It's
coming out January 16th on PlayStation four and PC. Now what is this going to be? Well,
it's 39 99 and includes an arcade mode. Pretty straightforward since it is arcade edition,
extra battle mode, some V trigger moves, uh, gallery and new user interface and seasons one
and two DLC content. I don't care if Sakura is not playable. So this is the game of the
year edition basically. Am I, am I right? It's a game this year or next year. Oh yeah. I guess,
I guess street fighter five can't really call itself the game of the year. They can just call
it a game from the game we release and now we're releasing this other edition that's got stuff in
it. It's the, you tried collection. I don't care if Sakura is not playable. It's just buy this one
so you don't have to buy all the extra DLC cause you know the one that you should have waited for
the buy until they released the ultimate arcade edition or whatever bullshit. Am I not, am I not
mistaken that in the very beginning they said when they first put out street fighter five,
Oh, we're not going to do those types of collections because you know, this is it.
This is the definitive street fighter five and we want it to be, you know, something that,
you know, we add on to, I don't know, whatever the line was, they gave us a few months ago
that we all knew fit in a version of street fighter five except none of the characters
are out. So we're going to have to keep releasing those as we go on. So it'll be the,
it'll be as definitive as the last piece of DLC. Um, uh, do you think, uh, what's going to happen
to the people that already own street fighter five? Are they gonna, they get an update I
believe. Okay. So they get like, so you get, if you, you own street fighter five, you get
everything except for the DLC cause that you have to buy. Okay. Act deft and check,
correcting me a little bit here saying they said that they were not going to do different versions
of street fighter five, which is true. We're not getting a different version. So he's,
he meaning like it's a different edition. It's not street fighter five ultra or turbo or super ultra
turbo max for dancing stage. Yes. All right. True kiss destination. Time for that. I think
you're looking for for matching service for matching service. That's what I was trying
to think of. All right. Uh, Julian, you get to pick up street fighter five. Um,
I have no idea, but, um, so when I, when I play against someone in street fighter,
which is usually my family members, um, I hate when people spam the same attack over and over
and over again, like someone goes up to you and says, how do we can, how do we can, and then you
cannot get to them because the little, um, timer of where you can't move after the attack, they
just keep doing it. And it's so annoying when they just spam an attack. And that is why I said that
was the cheap bitch move. I was going to say, I didn't know if I could, if I should say that in
front of a 10 year old, but, but sometimes we call that being a little bitch and people should stop
doing that. Yeah. Remember the rule for fighting games. Don't be that bitch. Let's see. How dare
you? How dare you in chat room? There's people in chat room going, Julian, get good. You have
anything to say to that Julian? Get good Julian. What do they mean by that? They mean you just,
you got to try harder. You got to get better at the game so you can get around that stuff.
Um, I, um, say to that, let me do what I want in video game is so shut up.
Get this boy a Twitter account. All right.
Well said actually. And actually some of the people that were saying that, which by the way
was tongue in cheek, they didn't really mean it. They say, well said, well said, Julian, well said.
All right. All right. Moving on. Let's talk about Pokemon. Uh, we're gonna talk about Pokemon ultra
sun and ultra moon, which got a little more information this week. Do the kids like Pokemon
Julian? I'm surprised you didn't bring that up. I thought kids love Pokemon.
He's making a face. No one plays Pokemon anymore. Um, not so much at school, but when I still,
when I went to daycare two days ago, um, I stopped going to daycare two days ago.
So, um, um, um, every single day, um, sort of bring their Pokemon cards and say,
did you get a new mega yet today or something like that? Or go like,
Hey, did you bring your Pokemon cards? You didn't bring your Pokemon cards. I,
you said we'd have a battle today. And, um, those kids sound like nerds.
Oh, aren't all of us.
Yes. Especially the people listening to this show. Right. Julian probably.
And they're bored.
But, um, I do have Pokemon moon. I don't have Pokemon ultra mega ex moon.
Well, no one does yet. It's coming out soon.
Um, I have Pokemon moon. I also know, um, some people that have sun and moon, but
there's only two people, um, that, um, when that went to the daycare that, um, had, um,
uh, the new Pokemon, which was me and, um, Ethan C I know five Ethan's Ethan C Ethan T Ethan P.
Um, um, um, Ethan Yee, Ethan B. You're just, you're just throwing letters out there. These
people don't exist. So if anyone's curious, Ethan is the common name for this particular.
I know a ton of mats. I know, like I'll have, I know a ton of friends. I have some friends
that are named Matt. That's why we call this one Loki. So we can tell them apart from the other
mats. So, you know, maybe you need to come up with other nicknames for your Ethan's,
but I mean, if you want to use their last initial, I guess that works too.
So to prove that they exist, Ethan, um, B's last name is we don't give out people's names on the
show. We don't like to give out because we don't want anyone to find out are creepy.
We don't want them to get new friends that they don't want.
Exactly. Exactly.
Don't be creepy and stop buying your ads into other people's business, please.
Thank you. Yeah, that's not going to work. Listen to the kid. All right. Well, anyhow,
what can you expect in Pokemon ultra sun and ultra moon? There will be new ultra beasts
with the beast wise from your grave. Uh, there will be a new ultra beast that will have the
ability to travel through ultra wormholes to go beyond just Alola. And that's what I,
that's what I thought was weird. When I started seeing all the promotion for this game, I was
like, what happened to like the Hawaii thing? Like Alola was basically Hawaii, right? I was like,
what happened to the Hawaii thing? And now I'm looking at all the graphics and I'm like, well,
it does look kind of cool because it kind of looks like Tron now. Like they got like,
Pokemon got all warped to Tron world. So I might be here for that. So anyway,
it all is going to focus around the Pokemon necro. I'm probably gonna mispronounce this name.
Necrozma is the Pokemon. That's kind of the centerpiece of the story. Um,
who, uh, has taken over a legendary Pokemon, Solgaleo and Lunala. And, uh, so no, not Ulala,
that's different, but anyway, uh, Necrozma has different forms called dusk main Necrozma and
Dawn wings Necrozma. And so ultra beasts can be battled on their home turf. What is this? A
square Enix game? I know, right. Actually the way the plot gets all complicated, it kind of does
like, I was like, what's this? Kingdom hearts. I was like, Pokemon need like a kingdom hearts guy
in the kingdom hearts territory with all these weird names and like versions. But Kingdom hearts
is one of those games where it's like, I don't understand it. Even though this game is for
children, we're really missing these at the end of the title, you know, it's, you know, we need a
random fraction number. Oh, Pokemon ultra sun, moon one, three 65 days. True kiss destination
for a matching remix. Yeah. With knuckles. Yes. And knuckles and tails. All right. Anyhow,
uh, Pokemon, I I'll still check it out even, even though I'm kind of making fun of it very
tongue in cheek, it's like, ah, it's Pokemon and it's Tron ish. So I'm on board. Poketron.
Yes. Poketron. Exactly. Dark Sakura. What do you have for us? Um, I have things that should be a
big fat duh, but it's not duh because we have assholes in the world. Um, Bethesda had a, uh,
for their Wolfenstein production, uh, not production, but promotion or, uh, using
make America Nazi free again with the hashtag no more Nazis, which should be fine. Except people
actually took offense to it. Like, Oh, they're all SJW men. We're not going to do that anymore.
Like, why is it a bad thing to tell Nazis to fuck off? I was like, since, since when was Wolfenstein
not about eliminating Nazis and fighting Hitler. That's why people played Wolfenstein 3d,
because you got to fight Hitler and you got to punch him in the face with rockets and stuff.
And so always punch Nazis. So I'm not sure why. I mean, that's just a kind of a sick sign of,
I think the times we live in, in some ways that now all of a sudden it's like, Oh, what this like,
okay, look, if you're going to take issue with the game because it's violent. Okay. That's one thing,
but just like, there's a quote here. That's not what I'm hearing is, is the issue. These,
these Twitter ultra beasts are, uh, for lack of a better term are coming up with, there's a quote
here that I like, um, from Pete Hines, who's the vice president of marketing and PR is basically
supporting their campaign saying Wolfenstein has been a decidedly anti-Nazi series since the first
release more than 20 years ago. We aren't going to shy away from what the game is about. We don't
feel it's a reach for us to say Nazis are bad and un-American. And we're not worried about being on
the right side of history here. There's definitely some tongue and cheekness to the advertising
that's going on though, and playing into what's going on in the real world. And the other thing
is that they said it was pretty much a coincidence that Wolfenstein II the new Colossus was a
coincidence because no one really expected to have real life Nazis marching in the streets, you know?
So at the same time, I think that it's, we shouldn't have to, no, just stop. All of you stop.
You're terrible. Nintendo is allowing a Wolfenstein game on their system.
Nintendo is fine with it. So I think that says a lot right there. Oh my God. But I like this quote,
when it comes to Nazis, you can put us down in the against column. I think that's a very... As
everyone should be. It's kind of, it's, what does it say that like a video game company has to come
out and say that, and that there's a lot of people that are like, why yes, that is something
I support. No shit that you support that, but yet you have to come out and say that. And so
it kind of blows my mind. It's just terrible. I mean, do you not remember that these are people
who killed 10 million plus people all because they didn't fit into their little white blonde
category, right? Remember that? No, you don't, because your grandparents were busy fighting
against that. So fuck off and die. I'm sorry, if you're a Nazi, fuck off and die. All right.
In that order, because the fucking off part is important. Thank you for clarifying. All right,
let's move on. Something a little bit more... Less Nazi. Yeah, less Nazi. Loki. I wouldn't say
they're less Nazis because they sure as have a Nazi policy when it comes to cross-platform play,
but knock it off. Hey, that's my transition. Don't you fuck it up. Fine. Anyways, so PlayStation
4 had their 5.0 firmware come out and what did it do? I'm sure totally exciting things. Well,
somewhat exciting things, I guess. So for example, they had, now you can, if you have a PlayStation
4 Pro, you can stream in 1080p and 60 FPS. Of course, with that, they kind of tweak the way
that they are doing their accounts. So you can have accounts marked as like children accounts,
and you can have adults that can basically include different parental controls for each account
and more managing the way those family accounts are handled. Also, they are saying that they've
included some improvements to the suspend resume as well as uploading clips to Twitter.
And you can broadcast to YouTube and they also add folders and that type of stuff.
So that's cool, I guess. I haven't been in my PlayStation 4 for a while, so I haven't actually
gotten to try that out yet. Now, this is another thing that I was kind of, well, not upset,
but I was just like, oh man, you know, I kind of knew this was going to happen, but there's going
to be some tweaks coming to the PlayStation VR hardware. So they are releasing a different
processor unit, which is basically, it's not the headset itself, it's more of the box that
basically is in between the PlayStation 4 and your headset. So what it does now, because one of the
issues was that they weren't able to pass through an HDR signal through the box. You had to kind of
unhook it and hook it back up or do like a splitter or something like that in order to get
to work. Well, now the new box actually includes an HDMI pass through for the HDR.
So that's kind of neat. And then of course, also now they're tweaking the headset slightly to
add the headfoot integration directly into the headset versus like separate.
So if I wait to buy the VR headset till this Christmas or whatever holiday, it sounds like
there's going to be less crap because that's one thing that annoyed me about the VR headset is
there's all this stuff. Like it's like my, my house is a mess already. I don't need more cords.
It's it's not so, I mean, I don't know. It basically, they're saying that it's,
it's just, you know, a little bit, a little bit more cleaned up. It's not like a huge
improvement. I don't think it's just an improvement. It's in yes. Okay. I'll take it.
I'll take it. And I don't want to, I don't want to sound ridiculous that like, I'm going to let
a few cords stop me from getting into VR, but it certainly has been a thing where I've kind of
looked at it and gone, that's going to be a lot to store. Honestly, the integration with the heads
headphones right now is not a huge deal because like they have it. It's on the court, but yeah,
it does get a little bit tangled. I guess if you're taking the headset on and off,
it is better than if it's just plugged straight in the headset versus the cord that's attached
to the headset. So I mean, I guess that's nice, but it's, I don't know. I don't feel the need.
Like I don't need to sell mine and like buy a new one or something like that.
Okay. All right. All right. Well, moving on to talk about discord. I don't know if you guys
are using discord. You should be because a VoG network has a discord and we use that to keep in
touch with our listeners throughout the week. You can even submit stories. Some of the stories on
tonight's show were submitted by people on our discord. And, you know, I, I don't see Loki and
Jamie on there a lot, but I try to get on there and I actually respond to stuff. So, and so forth.
You can kind of chat with us throughout the week. It's kind of, kind of what we have instead
of forums now. I mean, yes, there are forums, but people actually are using discord. So you
can check that out over at vognetwork.com slash discord, uh, that, that will get you,
you're invited pops you right over into the discord. But anyway, the reason why I bring
up discord is not just the cheap plug, but the fact that discord is rolling out more features.
In fact, what's happening now is that the, uh, video chat is now available to everybody.
So you can do video chat in one-to-one calls or with up to 10 people in a direct messaging group,
you can switch between your webcam video and screen share. So that's pretty cool.
I think that's going to be a great thing too for Twitch broadcasters is that if you wanted to do
like a broadcast with several other people and maybe actually be able to show their screens
when they play and so forth, it sounds like discord may be a really great way to do that.
I think a lot of people are probably accomplishing that through Skype right now. I know we use Skype
video chat a lot for the game I'm playing right now. Uh, but that's cool that discord has that as
well. Uh, also picture and picture support is going to be available with that. And they're
saying that discord has 45 million users and counting. Uh, and I would assume a lot of the
boom for discord has come from, uh, in part, uh, Nintendo's lack of a robust online option,
causing people to look for alternatives and things like Pokemon go. I think discord has
been huge for Pokemon go has got a lot of people on that. Uh, and then like MMOs in general,
you know, I remember when you used to have to rent a team speak server,
but you don't have to do that anymore with discord. It's all kind of free. So I'm sure
MMOs and discord are huge and a big part of what's driving that as well. So, uh,
act deft and chat points out my two reasons for joining discord vog and splatoon team chat. Yes.
You can actually, uh, uh, do sometimes like when Flaco streaming, uh, I know I joined one of the
streams and he was in the vog channel on discord and you can actually join his game and talk to
him and interact with the stream, right. As it's going on. So I thought that was really cool.
So anyway, uh, yeah, discord is very cool. And I think it's great that they have video coming out
for that. Why would you need to do that? Cause then tinder has its own dedicated app. Isn't
that good enough? Uh, no, it's not good enough. That's my short answer. Dark Sakura. Well,
you know, I was saying earlier that I have cuphead and I really want to play it,
but of course the speed runners have already attacked the game with full force. Um,
and we now have a person who is 16 out of the top 20, um, cuphead speed runners,
except the speed runner named Goopy Legrand. Wait, not Goopy Legrand. Why did I say that?
That's one of the bosses. Oh no, I believed you. It was peeking boo. Sorry.
Because I knew it was a similarly ridiculous name. Are you sure that's not a boss name too?
But peeking boo beat the game with DDR pads, quite literally an arcade dance pad hooked up to a PC
and playing it with dance pads. And apparently this person has speed run other games this way,
but it was more or less, will the game stand up to the challenge? And yes, it did, uh,
beat the game in one hour, 24 minutes and 40 seconds. Um, the entire run is actually posted,
excuse me, posted online as well. Um, but there were, there were a few bosses that gave some
trouble, but for the most part, everyone and the final boss defeated with the dance pad.
That's impressive. That's impressive. So now, um, uh, his goal is to try to do it in under an hour.
Okay. You got any better? Julian, what'd you want to say about that? Um,
speaking of speed runs, there was someone who sped around the game,
dark souls with a guitar hero controller. This, this is a crazy thing people do. Do you,
do you like watching that stuff or do you think it's weird? I don't actually watch it. I just
look up top 10 videos on this, so I don't have to watch the whole two hour video. You just want to
see the summary. You just show me the bullet points is what you're saying. Yeah. That's what
I thought. That's what I thought. All right, Julian's going to be running his own company.
So we introduced the boy to rod caliber, but you play soul caliber with a fishing rod.
It's as dumb as it sounds. Julie and it really is. She always talks about it. It's pretty dumb.
I don't even know what that game is, but it's like street fighter, but if it's a video game,
you can't play with a fishing rod cause it's not a video game controller. That's what you think.
That's what you think on the dreamcast. They released a fishing rod controller for playing
get bass or as it was in the U S Sega bass fishing and that game is stupidly fun.
If I'm not mistaken, you could also play crazy taxi with the rod. You can play crazy taxi with
fishing rod. You can make some crazy money with a fishing rod.
Why did they make a fishing rod controller?
Rob has turned fuchsia again.
It's because back then, you know, they couldn't really improve games by, you know,
quality. So they added all these funny little controllers.
Julian, why they have the power glove. I have one. I think I have two.
We are going to school you in the dreamcast. You're going to sit down and you're going to
play sea man and you're going to talk to a fish. This sounds like Leonard Nimoy because it was
voiced by Leonard Nimoy. The nineties were a very interesting time, especially at the end.
What also killed me was Alan and you guys couldn't hear Alan shouting from the kitchen.
Hope that two weeks and no TV was worth it. I think Julian knows his audience.
He does. Yes. Julie's Julie knows audience. All right.
Okay. Let's move on.
So, uh, super Mario Odyssey, like most of the other Nintendo games that are on the switch
and other platforms, they of course have amiibo support. And one of the worries I always think
with some of these is that, Oh, look, here's another feature. It's basically locked behind
some garbage that I got to buy. So what's kind of neat though with this, I guess not neat, but
a fair use of it is it's not necessarily required, but you can do it. You can basically use it to
unlock outfits in the game, but you can also purchase those outfits in the game using the
in-game money within there that you earn not with real money. So, but if you want to unlock them
quicker than you can use the amiibos and do it that way. So at least it's not required. So it's
a neat bonus, but it's not required. Kind of like whole Skyrim thing. You don't need the Zelda amiibos
to unlock. You can to unlock it quicker, but you can also find that stuff in game.
Now you haven't always been the kindest when it comes to amiibo. So I bet this is,
this is a trend you're probably kind of liking. Aren't you low key?
Um, it's, I like that it's not required because that would just be dumb. Um,
but then at the same time, it's like, okay, then what's the real point then? I guess it's just
collecting them because they look neat. And then it sort of adds a feature to the game,
but not really because you can do it without it. So what's the point?
All right. Uh, moving on before I move on to the next story, uh, dark soccer, did you want to,
for the sake of our podcast listeners, did you want to repeat the disclaimer you're giving
in chat right now? We're writing language. Yes. So, uh, and this is actually kind of in
response to Brad, but before the email, damn it, Julian, I just spit water out of my nose
or threw in his best F bomb ever. And I said, his mom's laughing her ass off.
Becky's one of those people that realizes a word is a fucking word. Julian knows not to say that
Oh, at church. Like he wouldn't combust the moment he steps foot in one. Yeah. Don't, don't ever say
that at daycare. They're not going to like it there. All right. All right. Anyway. And active
says, uh, yeah, I was going to say that he knows what the word can mean and how it can be offensive.
There you go. Do we care? Oh, yes, please. I don't know why she handed me the mic.
Because you look like you're going to say something clever, but clearly not.
All right. Well, I got Julian and I just look ready all the time. All right. I got
to say he's just, he's just adaptable. Ready to go. All right. He is adaptable.
I got something that, uh, uh, may make you exclaim all sorts of words. Uh, this,
this sounds like it could be really cool though. Uh, Nintendo apparently has, uh, done a Game Boy
image trademark and, uh, you know, they want to trademark what a Game Boy looks like. They want
to do that for merchandising purposes, but, but there's also a trademark here for use as a
storage medium, as in you, they want to be able to put one of those out there and say,
have 30 of the best games preloaded already on it, including I'm sure. How is Tetris not going
to be? I don't know. Would they have the license? I need revenge of the gator. Yeah. Right. Well,
anyway, so I think we all see where this is going is going to be Tetris, Arkanoid,
Super Mario land. It wasn't Arkanoid. It was alleyway to the, the Egyptian Mario,
Mario land, that whole thing. Yeah. And, uh, the, the weird link game, the links awakening.
Oh, for sure. It'd be Game Boy color. I would imagine they would do the Game Boy color stuff.
Oh, Pokemon. Oh man, that, that alone is going to be hot cakes for that. So why don't they
would have like integration. That'd be kind of cool. Like with those older games, if they'd
have integration with like the, you know, with the Pokemon bank and all that. Yeah. Well, see,
the interesting thing is because now we're getting into stuff that is on virtual console because of
three D S right. So, um, meaning that like Pokemon yellow, you can download that and you can actually
play that on your three D S Oh, Julian is bringing me cake. You're the man. Thank you so
much, dude. All right. So, um, uh, you can, and you can, it actually does connect to the Pokemon bank.
So you can already do that with the three D S virtual console. I don't know if this would
necessarily be able to do that. It would be very cool if Nintendo did do that, but let's just say,
I'm not going to hold my breath. Yeah. I doubt it. Yeah. But, uh, yeah. So it seems like, uh,
instead of the N 64 classic, most people are assuming would be the next logical progression
from Nintendo to super Nintendo. You know, it seems like game boy is going to be the next
classic for next year. Probably. It's not, it's not a bad idea. It's really not a bad idea.
So, yeah. All right. Well, anyhow, uh, speaking of classics and speaking of systems,
I think it's time for the classic system of the month.
And you might be thinking, didn't we just do this last week? Well told people. Yes,
but it was a makeup session. So now we're getting to October's. Y'all need to listen. Well,
I just, sometimes I have to repeat things cause that's right. All right. Anyway,
so dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a system that she thinks, Hey,
this is something that you've neglected and probably with good reason in this case. Yeah,
definitely with good reason. Although I kind of want one just to have one because I've been
hearing about, well, not just that, but I've been hearing about people doing like different, uh,
mods to a minute of emulation on it. So, all right. It is the apple Pippin. Yep. And I'm
going to apologize to the live listeners because for some reason the audio here is left channel
only, which is weird. I didn't realize, but I, I could not find any with music. So, uh,
so I apologize for the live listeners. It's going to sound weird. The podcast because the podcast
is in mono. Uh, you're not going to notice this because the podcast for a size sake is not in the
greatest quality. So anyway, here is some of the background music from what Pippin game was this?
Oh, tropic Island. I think it's pinball game. Yeah. So anyway, um, the Pippin,
I kind of look at the Pippin is kind of as a precursor to the apple TV, to be honest. Um,
it was meant to be, um, a, uh, uh, audio visual stereo and television environment. Um,
it ran on the classic Mac OS architecture and it had, um, uh,
it actually was a licensed out to Bondi. Um, well the at Mark and at world models, um,
so that they could release them, um, in, uh, the Japanese and American markets as video game
systems. Um, and they also, um, was licensed out to caps media for the KMP 2000, um, that focused
on Europe and Canada. So the Pippin was named for the new, the new town Pippin, which is a type of
apple that is more tart than the Macintosh, which of course the Mac computer was named for.
So anyway, um, another neat thing about it though, is that Pippin was, um, used for, uh,
the, uh, a code name for the apple profile system that was out at the time for the apple three and
the apple Lisa. Can I just call out what an idiot I am live on air because I never realized that,
yeah, duh. All these things were named after apples. Yeah. I don't know why I never,
I guess I never really sat down to think about that before. Like where did the name
Macintosh come from? That's why my favorite apple to eat is an iPhone. Anyway, girl.
Um, but the intention, um, was never to release the Pippin on its own. It was meant to be, um,
open standard by licensing out, licensing out the technology, like how, um, JVC shared VHS,
you know. Um, so it was, it was neat for its time, but it really didn't, you know,
have, I'd say a whole much to offer. It was running on the, um, uh, well the original hardware,
I should say, was based off of the Mac classic two. So it was a 16 megahertz Motorola, uh,
68030 running, um, uh, you know, the Mac software. And it was, um, you know, it had,
you know, at the time it had a pretty standard logic board. The, you know, the casing was
designed by Bondi. So it really seemed to be a, um, you know, a good partnership. Um, but
the whole thing too is that this also was a system that could connect to the internet. Um,
it had a haze compatible modem, uh, built in. Um, and, you know, it's, yeah, one of the earliest
systems that had, um, internet connectivity built in. Um, and it was, uh, announced, um,
in Tokyo on December 13th, 1994, which I had graduated high school by then. Um, and then,
um, it also looked like in 1995, um, it was reported by Nikkei that Mitsubishi was going to
use the, um, the Pippin technology. And, but they never did actually sign an agreement. It
did manufacture, um, systems for Bondi and Cat's Media. Um, so it had a lot of crazy involvement
on it and, you know, there was also, um, uh, the death of the Pippin itself actually came about
when Steve Jobs returned to Apple in 97. So it's his fault. He pulled the plug on it. He was like,
no more. He stopped all of the Macintosh clones. So that included, included, um, the Apple Pippin,
uh, concept. So, um, and then, uh, uh, Cat's Media and Bondi continued to support the Pippin, um,
for a little bit longer, but, um, they had a hundred thousand units committed, but only sold
something like 40,000, 45,000. Uh, they sold that many? Um, and Bondi quit, uh, actually Bondi
continued to support it until December 31st, 2002. Um, but for games that came out on the Pippin,
um, it had some interesting licenses. Um, not too much came out in Japan, really. Um, and it came
out with like fewer than 80 games and applications. It was just like Microsoft anything in Japan,
basically. Yeah. In the US, there were 18 games that were stored separately and six CDs that came
with the Pippin. Um, had the, the browser was, uh, came out over CDs. So it was able to update to TV
works with the text and drawing app in it, but it can't, you could get anime designer, Dragon Ball Z,
which by the way, did get a PC release later. Um, at least an emulated one. You had the Compton's
Interactive Encyclopedia, Exotic Sushi. Well, that sounds like a boring game. Who wants to play the
encyclopedia? This was funny. It was movie. Okay. Mr. Potato Head Saves Veggie Valley. Okay. That
might be fun. Uh, The Journeyman Project, Pegasus Prime, Power Rangers, Zeo versus the Machine
Empire. Oh, don't tell Shane. Yeah. Right. Um, Super Marathon. Yeah. Shockwave Invasion Earth,
2019. Um, and, but what I thought was funny is that the controller was called the Apple Jack.
Oh, like the cereal. I reckon. Okay. Um, but for accessories, you could get either a wired or
wireless, um, Apple Jack controller. You get a keyboard and drawing tablet. You can get the
modems up to 33.6, uh, kilobytes, uh, kilobits a second. Sorry. You can bump the memory up to 16
megabytes. Wait a minute. Wait, what year was the Pippin? 94. And they were doing wireless
controllers in 94? Yeah. Okay. Now that's pretty, that part's pretty impressive because I don't
think a lot of systems really started like wireless didn't become standard until what
PlayStation two or three? It came with a floppy drive. It had an ammo 256, uh, 256 megabyte
optical disc. Um, the ADB adapter for connecting a Mac computer, Mac computer devices to a Pippin
and the Pippin to Macintosh ADB adapter for connecting the Pippin devices to Macintosh. So
it also can use, it used the old Apple color style writer,
2,400 and 2,500 printers through its serial port. So, and again, I look at this as being
the precursor to the Apple TV, really, because I have an Apple TV that I've been playing Sonic CD
on with a wireless controller. So had to start somewhere. All right. There it is your classic
system of the month, the Apple Pippin, which apparently 40,000 plus people had. And I didn't
know a one. So there you go. A little bit of a, a little bit of history there in our classic system
of the month. Actually, let me ask if you can hand the mic. I know first off, I got to compliment
Becky. Cause I was able to eat some of this pumpkin spice cake while, uh, while Jamie was
doing her segment there. And this is delicious. This is amazing. It's like carrot cake, but without
the lame carrots. Well, yeah, it's a pumpkin spice cake. I actually just found the recipe
on the internet a couple of weeks ago. Fantastic. All you people listening should be jealous right
now. That's awesome. Thank you so much, Becky. I really appreciate them. I want to ask Julian
real quick, our special guests tonight before, cause I know, I know y'all are, you have to do
a half show tonight, Jamie, and I'm assuming everybody else's is only here for half the show.
So I want to ask Julian before, before we kind of wrap up here, what do you think of classic games?
Do you like to, I know we joked earlier about, I don't ask if a movie is made in the eighties
or anything like that, but do you, do you go back and play old games just to kind of
see what they're like or do you, do you enjoy the old stuff or what?
Uh, sometimes I'm going to say this before, um, I answer your question. Sometimes I mix up
new games with old games like undertale. I thought it was made in the early two thousands
just because, or nine nineties. Yeah. Just because you made on purpose, horrible graphics.
Yeah. Like that's like, that's like what people do now. Like Minecraft was kind of like that too.
Yeah. But, um, I forgot what the question was. Oh, that's okay. I was going to say, do you,
do you like to go back and play old games? Do you like to learn about the old history or just,
you know, you just play them cause they're fun or do you not play mall?
I like to, but I usually don't at home. I usually play tons of old games when I, um, go to, um,
Jamie's house or something. Cause it was the one place I played the original NES Mario
video game. Yeah. Um, I also, um, played the third Mario game at, um, um, at school, um, after
school kids play video games at school now. Oh, excuse me. Excuse me. Um, I, um, on someone's
three D S it was horrible because I got to like the castle or something is like, Hey, guess what?
You lost all your lives. Start back at, start back at one dash one video games used to be really
cruel games. Didn't have a save and load option at all. No, it was very rare. It was very rare,
but I'm glad to anti Jamie is teaching you, right? And he plays pinball at my house. Oh yeah.
Pinball's fun. We got two new pinballs that you need to come play. You like pinball Julian?
Um, yes, but often extremely frustrating when you try to hit it, but then before you can,
it just dropped down. I know. I hate when it goes right down the middle and when you try to hit,
you can't hit it. Same kid. Same goes right down the middle. Feels same way. Some frustration.
We refer to that as a center drain. All right. Anyway, uh, dark soccer. I know you're going to
be leaving us here. I'm not going to be joining us for the second half of the show. Cause you
have some engagements early tomorrow morning. But did you want to quickly touch on some of your
rapid fire stories? I know we usually do those at the beginning of the next segment, but you
want to touch on your rapid fire stories here real quick? Well, Marvel got incredibly fussed
out for, um, saying they were going to do a presentation with a defense contractor,
Northrop Grumman, uh, Grumman. I'm saying that weird. Um, but then because of all the backlash,
they actually canceled it because they were accused of working with war profiteering. So
good that they canceled that. Um, and also in somewhat better news, Neo Geo battle Colosseum
is rumored to be in, uh, a development at SNK. So that would be nice. Is that something you'd
want to play? Maybe. So it's supposed to be all cell shaded, kind of like how, um,
Arc System Works does their thing. And of course we get all of our SNK characters that we like.
Did you see the funny typo though? They were saying that they were going to have, um,
uh, uh, Tekken at one of the things and they said it was goose Howard.
Oh, that was funny. Like a high auto correct. Yeah. It's funny when a auto correct ruins
everything. Right. Auto correct does ruin everything. All right. Well, we are going
to go to a break here and when we come back, it's just going to be Loki and I here left to, uh,
peruse the rest of the show and then take your calls here in the second half of our
show at orange lounge radio on Skype. Again, that's all one word, orange lounge radio on
Skype. Uh, but I do want to thank of course, dark soccer for being here and I'll let her have
her final thought in a minute there after she finishes her cake. Uh, but I do want to thank,
thank you Becky so much for bringing the cake tonight. And of course bringing the kid really
appreciate that. So, uh, you, you have yourself a fabulous time and we hope to have you guys.
You don't have to bring food to be on the show. Becky, you can come anytime you like.
All right. I'll bring food anyway. It's just my way. You're, you're the bomb. You're awesome.
Speaking of the bomb, Julian, the listeners love you. They think it's awesome that you
were on this show tonight. You got to come back sometime. All right.
Okay. All right. And also thank, thank you to the people that think I'm awesome,
even though I'm a 10 year old. It's it's Julian. It's okay to be an awesome 10 year old.
So stay awesome. It's also okay to be an awesome eight year old. Last time I was on the show,
but I still wasn't as awesome. I sucked back. All right. All right. Just don't,
just don't become total trash at 12. All right. All right. It's like I had this
awesome phase when I was eight, nine, 10, and then I was an ass and then like,
and I started becoming an asshole when I was 13. Yeah. Don't do that. Don't do that. Some kids go
to high school and they become total jerks. Don't be one of them. All right. Sounds good.
Treat, treat the other kids with respect. All right. I think the official word is try not to
suck. That's right. Try not. All right. Uh, we'll be back here in a little bit. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh,
sorry. Sorry. Of course. How very dare you. I was looking right at the rest of this cake
that has to be finished. Can you blame me that I'm well then I can do my final thought while
you eat your damn cake. That sounds good. Dark soccer. Your final thought.
Sit down in your chair and drink your God damn tea. Sorry. That was Sid. Um, my final thought is
because I did just come back from seeing gorillas and it was a fucking amazing show and Damon is
showing his age a bit, but it's still kind of hot. And, um, I got to see Dell, the funky
homo sapiens. That was pretty nuts. Um, but reject false icons. Fair enough. We're going to take a
quick break. You guys will be back. Don't, don't leave. The show's not over. We're going to take
a break. We'll be back to wrap it up with your phone calls and more news, including things like
a stranger things based video game. We'll talk about Fortnite battle Royale and of course your
emails. When we come back with more of orange lounge radio right after this,
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight on the 8th of October, 2017
with episode 703 of our show already in progress. Oh, the studio feels a lot more empty now.
Yes. Just Loki and I left here, but, uh, Oh God, that kid is so funny. I was, uh, that's great.
You know what I like about kids, you know, even though I'm like, Oh, kids are probably not for
me. And maybe you would have a unique perspective on this. Cause I know you have two kids and I
don't, but I was always like, you know, one thing I can appreciate about kids. They're not going to
lie to you. They're going to, they're going to tell you, they're going to tell you the cold,
hard truth a lot of the times. And that's kind of what, that's what I felt coming from Julie
in there a little bit ago on games. So, yeah. So is that, are your, do your kids tell the truth too?
Usually they just like to talk about things. Okay. Now we're still trying to get your oldest
on the show at some point, right? Hopefully. Yeah. It's just tough with bedtimes and everything.
Yeah. We have to do it earlier in the day. Next time we do a noon show or something,
we'll have Mon. So awesome. All right. Well, usually, usually if there's a concert that
Jamie and I have to go to or drag queen, we have to go see on Sunday night. That's when
the noon shows happen. So we'll cross our fingers for that. All right.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange Andre,
created with vog network.com. Use the passphrase stage.
Uh, anyway, so, uh, before we get into some rapid fire news, Loki, I want to know your thoughts on
this because it's not directly related to games, but I think a lot of tech nerds are really feeling
it this week. And that's the fact that AOL instant messenger is going to be shutting down. That's
right on December 15th, AOL instant messenger is going to be gone. Uh, anything of AOL leftover
except the people still, I guess using the AOL email still has dial up available if you need it.
Well, I mean, I guess it would make sense that maybe like, and I'm talking like places like
Alaska, you know, like rural, rural Montana, like there's probably still places in the country where
they just don't have high speed internet, you know, that they probably barely have phone lines.
So I imagine that people still have to have some dial up, like very, very limited stuff. You know,
people out there aren't going to be playing video games on it, but they're using it to grab their
email and things like that, you know? So if you're lucky to grab your email, geez. Yeah. Yeah. I
guess it depends in this day and age, what kind of attachments you're getting on email. It might
take a while to download, but yeah, as far as I know, AOL still operates a full dial up service,
just like they used to. I mean, that's not their only thing. Uh, last time I checked in on him,
I think they were trying to make money from being like a triple a of tech. Does that make sense?
You know how like triple a your membership gets you discounts at all these different places.
I think AOL kind of tries to do that. Like they do like discounts on cell phone bills and all
from being a member. Yeah, it, I know it's not that appealing, but that's what you asked what
they're doing. If they're still around. I mean, that's what they're doing. Also, AOL was bought
at some point by, I think it was Verizon, if I'm not mistaken, which are oath that whole branch,
which if I'm not mistaken, just by Yahoo as well. So maybe something is going to happen where AOL
and Yahoo kind of come together. I'm not sure. Hmm. Yeah. So the people have abandoned,
but I don't, well, did you use AOL messenger a lot? Loki in the nineties? I used it a lot.
Well, it's funny earlier in the show, we were talking about the whole like online games and
how I'm playing one again. It's been a very long time, but I remember seven, eight years ago,
it was all on AOL instant messenger because Facebook messenger wasn't a thing yet. Yeah.
And text messages still cost money. Like, you know, which if you still have an archaic cell
phone, but I finally got off a cell phone plan last year that charged me like over 1000 text
messages. I had to pay like 10 cents because I don't, I don't get that many text messages,
especially when you have iMessage between iPhones is all free. Yeah. But I think all that stuff
has killed the need for AOL. Like, you know, I don't remember the last time I signed into AOL,
it's all Facebook messenger, Skype, um, text message, like all of that pretty much Snapchat,
even you ever use Snapchat? No. Yeah. I used Snapchat once. Did you? And that was it. Those
are fun. I didn't actually send anything. I just, I like looking at other people's stuff because
other people post stories and it'll be like, here's this concert I'm at, or here's this,
you know, show I'm looking at, or here's my drunk friend doing karaoke and, you know,
watching that kind of stuff. Cool. But you know, that's like the Snapchat interface is really
weird. Like, like, like an old ass man, Alan had to sit me down and be like, okay, so if you swipe
to the right, that's where you see everybody's stories. And it was like, I had to like,
right. And then I heard some stupid, I think it was Snapchat or maybe it was Tinder where like
the developers of it, they're like, well, we made it like that on purpose because old people can't
figure it out. And we're like, we don't want old people on earth. It was like,
fucking stupid. I mean like, and not that I would find something like that complicated,
but just that attitude is just fucking stupid. It is. It's Aegist. Tigerclaw on chat over at
live.vognetwork.com is saying ICQ is still around. Is it really? I just remember that little,
uh oh noise it made like every time you got a message is just, did everybody's make the
same noise on ICQ? Did you ever use ICQ? No, I'm almost positive. My number was something like,
it was only a few digits. It was one, two, nine, seven, two, two, six. It was a seven digit number,
which is pretty low. Don't bother sending in a message cause ain't nobody checking it. I don't
even remember the password. I might not be right on the number, but I don't have like a seven digit
number on ICQ, which I guess was considered really low. So that was cool, I guess, but I just
remember that little noise whenever you got the message. And then I've got like random messages
from people like in South America and stuff. It's like, I don't even know these people that
are just messaging me out of the blue. I guess maybe it was the earliest days of spam. I don't
know. But you think is, do you think ICQ is still big in some parts of the world? I guess I have no
idea. I don't know. All right. Uh, anyhow, let's move on. Let's do some rapid fire news back to
video games. All right. So there's, um, some teases coming from the producer of the Mega Man
legacy collection to Kazuhiro Tsuchiya. He's basically hinting that some announcement for
Mega Man's 30th anniversary is going to be made in December. I want to say that Capcom has not
forgotten about Rockman. Um, this here, the Mega Man 30th anniversary logo is being put to good
use. The Rockman 30th anniversary is coming to December, December. Please remember that date.
I don't remember. I remember something similar to this last week. I don't know if it was the
exact same thing. I remember Jamie mentioned something like this, but I remember, because
this is just in line with what I said last week, December is PlayStation experience. So if Capcom
is going to drop a bomb, like new Mega Man game coming, PlayStation experience certainly seems
like the place to do that, especially for December. Like what else? They said that the
original Mega Man was released in December 17th. So yeah, but video games, you know, way back then
video games, weren't quite like they are now where it's like a lot of the big stuff comes out at the
end of the year. Although I feel like we're getting back to that year round of releases,
because, you know, we've got a lot of big games that come out in January now, you know, uh, which
used to be like the deadest time of year, but there's a few things you get a few big, uh, and
then the street fighter five arcade thing. We were just talking about how to January release day,
but it's more of like it, I don't know. I think they released like early in the year to
a secret, that secret of mana remake that I guess is it's not on our show role, but it's actually
being shown at that New York comic con that's going on right now. Maybe, I don't know if Rama
was there, maybe one of our other New York folks, but I imagine somebody, somebody had to have gotten
their hands on it. I'm, I'm really curious to see, uh, how that secret of mana game looked. So I know
that, but that's out in like February, if I remember right. So, you know, early in the year
we're getting some big releases now. So, yep. So, um, there's, uh, the tying game that, well,
it's sort of like, I don't know, it almost seems like a fan game, but it, there's a stranger things
game that's on iOS and, um, the Google play store and it's free. So definitely worth checking out
because free, um, it looks like an SNES game, but I guess it's about revolving around the,
um, season one story. So, I mean, I don't know, it'd be worth checking out, but, um,
you have different characters with different abilities. Um, of course you can explore Hawkins
and the upside down and other things like that, but, uh, that'll tide you over maybe until the
second season, which comes out in October 27th. I hope you can run into Barb. That would be great.
Actually, I did download this, uh, onto my phone and I tried playing a little bit of it. And
it's a lot since, since, uh, it is like an old school game, but you do touch to move places
in the game. So, uh, the, the audio on this is so low. I wish I could turn this up so you can kind
of hear it, but it actually has like an eight bit version of the theme that actually plays.
It's probably not coming through very well, but kind of cool. So, Hey, it's free, free.
I just wish it was free on PC, you know, where you have actual keys and buttons.
Well, I had assumed the game is designed around tapping. Like it wasn't that you like
hold up or hold it. Like you tap on the screen where you want the character to move and the
character like a puzzle game or is it all action packed and stuff? Uh, I think there are action
elements, but it's a little more puzzle puzzle than it is action, but like there will be things
where you shoot things, but it's like tap to shoot and things like that. I think it's not
particularly complex, but I haven't played a lot of it. So don't quote me on any of that.
All right. Uh, some rapid fire news for me. Well, this is a little bit of a disappointment
because last week we were kind of hyping up the next Splatfest because in Europe,
they were going to get the, uh, toilet paper, which way should it go? Should it go over the
roller behind the rolls, which led to the whole discussion on back rolls. Uh, but, and, and we
thought, Oh, well, since the Europe Splatfest always matches the American Splatfest, or at
least it has the past few times, that's what we're going to get for sure. But Nope, we are not
getting the great toilet paper showdown of 2017. Instead, the theme for Splatfest here in America
will be team vampire versus team werewolf fucking Twilight was years ago. I'm like, we're,
uh, you just took the joke. I was going to be, we literally are getting the Twilight
showdown here. Jacob versus what's his name? Edward. Well, what the fuck was that guy's name?
Yeah, it's Edward. Okay. Edward versus Jacob. That's what we're getting,
uh, here in the States. So I guess, I mean, it's Halloween month, so I get it. It's, you know,
it's, it's, it's tying to Halloween, but I was still kind of looking forward to toilet
papering. Some of these houses, Halloween tradition too. That's true. So anyway, what do you, what do
you think team vampire or team werewolf? I think I'm leaning, you know, I, I understand that with
all the talk that we've had in previous weeks about Manthurn and things like that, that maybe
werewolf, but, uh, but team vampire is purple. Like that, that purple color of the paint is awesome.
So I think I might go team vampire blood red. You would think, right. But then what would the
wearable one be? Uh, the werewolf one is like brown, I guess like for something like that.
I don't know. So, well, there you go. So, uh, you can, uh, check that out. October 13th is when the
great vampire versus werewolf showdown begins. Uh, Oh, sorry. Act F it's orange, not brown.
Sorry about that. Orange. It looked brown on the photo. Uh, also this is a really awesome,
like gamers doing good news. I like to read things like this. Uh, there's a cool little
charity album that has just been released. It's called spirit, uh, which is a, uh, game music
charity, uh, album. And it's to benefit victims of hurricane Harvey. And I think that's awesome.
So you can actually check that out. It's available on iTunes, on Spotify, even,
and on band camp. There's only four tracks and they're kind of remixes from other games,
but still again, it's for a good cause. So it's worth checking out. It has a
hopes and dreams from undertale. Uh, it has main theme from final fantasy seven by Ruby tongue,
uh, apotheosis journey from the game journey, excuse me, uh, a remix by Steven,
Robert, uh, Frober. I hope I said that right. And then the ending theme to Pokemon Ruby and
Sapphire by Braxton Burks. So it's just four tracks, but still it's a great cause. So it's
definitely worth checking out. So if you have like an Apple music or a Spotify thing, go listen to
it. Cause at least, you know, they get some money that way. So check that out, but by the album,
if you want to do some good there, uh, for the greater Houston community foundation.
Awesome. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. So we'll start
in the U S with Loki and maybe he'll help me pick up the UK releases too.
So this week we do have a few things coming out. So we have a game called 88 heroes,
a 98 heroes edition on the Nintendo switch. Uh, we have a game called art. Oh, is it
Artika one that's on the Oculus rift, cyber dimension, Neptunia four goddesses online,
or I guess it's cyber dimension, Neptunia four goddesses online. So it's kind of weird,
middle earth shadow of war coming out on a PC PlayStation four and Xbox one. And then of course,
cyber dimension Neptunia that was on PlayStation four raid world war two on PlayStation four and
Xbox one tiny barbarian DX on the switch, uh, Toho or Toho Kabuto five burst battle on
the Nintendo switch PlayStation four and the Vita, uh, chaos child on PlayStation four and the Vita
and the evil within two looks like on PC PlayStation four and Xbox one.
That's out already. I mean, I knew that was coming out, but I thought,
I guess that makes sense. Scary games in October. It's that's when you do them. So, all right.
That's it. All right. We're getting to that end of the year rush. Uh, Japan also, uh,
seeing some releases this week, they are also getting their Japanese version of
middle earth shadow of war, which I imagine is kind of the big game here in the States this
week. And you know, probably, I don't think it's as big of a deal in Japan, but they are getting
a localized version over there from Warner. Uh, also coming out in Japan this week, lost
sphere, but that's spelled S P H E A R. They spelled it a little differently. Uh, and then
date a live Rio reincarnation HD. Yes. That is a game that is coming out in both a regular
and a limited edition. And it looks like another, uh, school girl manga type of game.
Uh, as we see get released there that doesn't usually get released over here. Uh, nothing on
the Vita for a change. I know we make Vita is dead jokes here in the U S all the time,
but Japan usually has some things to talk about, but it doesn't look like they actually do this
week. So I have to jump over to the Nintendo switch to find lost sphere is also out on the D
excuse me, the switch this week. Uh, and then lastly, over on the 3DS, uh, there is no new
games, but they have the new Nintendo 3DS XL, uh, is being released, uh, as that. Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm getting for some reason, a Europe thing snuck into my list there that is not being released
in Japan. My bad. I guess a little preview of what to look forward to in Europe. If Loki has
those dates ready. Yes. Um, so not a whole lot coming out. Um, we've got, of course,
a shadow of war coming out on PC PlayStation four and Xbox one. And then of course, uh,
it looks like the evil within two as well on PC and Xbox one story of seasons trio of towns on 3DS.
That's it. All right, let's go to the mail bag because every week you guys email us,
participate at orange lounge, radio.com. If you want to participate with the show,
and we do have a couple of emails to read for you tonight, so let's get to it again.
It's participate at orange lounge, radio.com. If you want to send us an email for a future week,
we're going to start off tonight. Jamie's not here, so I will take care of the emails.
We'll start off tonight with an email from kitten poker. I like that. Is that, is that
literally cats together, getting together, playing poker, and then writing us emails.
Anyway, kitten poker says, hello, just making sure you have something to read over that.
That's very calm. I guess after a couple of weeks of empty mailbags, it's very kind of kitten poker
to make sure that we have something to do tonight. Thank you. Uh, also not video games, but just
wondering if you've heard of critical role R O L E and if you have, what do you think of it? Um,
and thanks kitten poker. That's the email I've heard of it. I have not actually listened to it.
I'm in the same boat. That's the geeks and sundry getting together and playing D and D show, right?
Yeah. But that's if I'm going to watch a show like that, that's going to be kind of on the back
burner to myself watching Harmon's quest, which I still have. I set up my account for, uh, was it
Verve is what they call it now for season one. Cause I would want to watch that now that it's
free. I just haven't done it yet. So that would come first, but yes, definitely shows with people
that are funny playing, you know, D and D I am down with that. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I, I, I, I'm
familiar with the concept of the show. I must confess. I haven't listened to it. Um, I don't
get to listen to as many podcasts as you might think. Like I'm, I'm a huge advocate and supporter
that, you know, people who want to do one should be doing one, but I really only get to listen to
them on my commutes. So I'm kind of, I must confess and I hope this doesn't get back to
them because it will inflate his ego immensely. But one podcast I've been like not missing
recently is starboard power coupling here at VOG because I've actually been watching
star Trek discovery. So I've been like dying to know like what those guys think about it.
And it seems like it's, it's a very mixed panel over there. Like it seems like Dr. Ken's super
into it. Eddie's kind of, I don't know, this might be too dark. I don't know if I'm into it.
And then Matt's kind of trying to see both sides of it. So it's been some interesting.
Also watching was the new Seth MacFarlane one. Oh, the Orville Orville. Uh, no,
they're not talking about it there, but I know that is the general consensus in the nerd community
that the Orville is, if you like star Trek, you're probably going to like this. Cause it was like,
everyone thought it was going to be terrible. Even though I think the reviewers thought it
was kind of not that great, but then like it was really, it's apparently been pretty good.
I haven't watched it yet. The reviewers tore it apart, but people actually liked it. But
wasn't that the way the original star Trek was too? Like didn't reviewers not think it was great.
And then the fans really saved it. Like I, I almost thought that was how that story went there.
So I was trying to go to our chat room over at live.vog.network.com. Dungeon buster says
critical role is also on Twitch. It's basically live streaming tabletop gaming. Yeah. Um,
there was a show at dragon con where I met a couple of the hosts and they did a very similar
thing for the, and I I'm such an ass. I forgot the name of their show, but I know it's on giant
size team up is the name of the network. And they do, it was like, it was, it was like a one word
name with an exclamation point. It's one of that was, was the name of their show. I think,
I think it's a neat concept for a show truth be told, like if there were some indie folks that
wanted to do something like that for vog, like that's the type of show I'd love to recruit for
this network. I mean, you have to be dedicated to putting out regular additions and all that
good stuff, but I think those shows are a lot of fun. You know, actually a fun show free the stream
is, have you ever seen a tabletop was that they have like a tabletop, the game simulator or
tabletop simulator on steam where you set up your own games and yeah, I mean, granted, we just have
to make sure no one's going to flip the table because you can do that. But you know, I know,
somebody that is, uh, putting out a board game and somebody that's been working very hard on a board
game recently, and they've been using tabletop simulator to like test elements of the board
game without having to go and make all these pieces. If that makes sense. That's cool. Yeah.
I thought that was a really, it was really neat. Uh, when I, uh, heard about that, uh,
dark Tetsuya and chat says like a radio drama, uh, that too, I would say radio drama is a little
more in the Knight Vale camp, which there's, you know, a lot of shows, uh, very well. I mean,
that's a very different type of podcast, right? That's kind of like fiction versus nonfiction,
believe it or not. What we're doing here is nonfiction. It's real, right?
That fiction side of podcasting is a whole nother world that I must admit. I'm not
super familiar with, but again, I love the idea. And if there was somebody wanting to do a regular
type of thing, like, you know, that's, that would be a great fit here at the voice keys network,
I think. So, you know, if you know somebody that's producing a show like that, again,
the one thing we just want is regularity and we don't want to sign up a show.
That's going to disappear after five episodes. Cause we already had Poke stop podcast and we
don't want to do that again. So, all right. Anyway, uh, let's move on to the next email
last email tonight from our pal Y Y R. We always love to hear from Aaron or Y Y R. Hello,
LR. Enclosed are just a few of my thoughts on the show from last week.
First off, I'll answer the question as to why it's worth it to drop 80 beans on the SNES classic.
There are several reasons actually, but the biggest one is this. While I am all for choosing
not to spend money on this flawed impractical or poorly handled attempts to bank on nostalgia.
This is not one of those. After nickel and diming us by making us buy the same virtual
console releases over and over again, apparently, excuse me, to only then cut us off by shutting
down the storefront and preventing any future redownloading. Here, Nintendo is packing 21 of
this console's very best games into an adorable plug and play a hundred percent legal physical
package that can never be taken offline or revoked in any way. On top of this, you also get some
features that aren't part of either the original console or an ordinary, ordinary emulator,
such as the visually attractive, easy to use and built-in interface. Let's not forget that catchy
little tune that plays on the menu too. That's nowhere to be found in Super Nintendo. They made
it for that. And then the clever rewind feature. But arguably the best part is something that a
Raspberry Pi absolutely cannot offer. A pair of brand new, 100% authentic and original Super
Nintendo controllers with the only difference being the interface. This means that the games
not only look and sound the same as they did on the original hardware, they also feel the same.
Provided that Nintendo actually does follow through on delivering enough units to stores,
I will say this, the SNES Classic absolutely is nostalgia done right at a fantastic value. And for
paying proper tribute to this fantastic piece of history, I believe they should be rewarded with
your $80. Your opinion may differ, but that is mine. No, I think, well, I think a lot of people
would like to reward them with their $80 except, you know, they can't. They can't because they
didn't make enough and we're in the same scalper situation again. That's a whole nother issue
though, but I, I respect what YYR is saying about, you know, if you can get your hands on one,
here's why to buy one. Here's what, you know, instead of going to, well, I could do that on a
Raspberry Pi, here's a reason why people want it. And I do agree with the controller part. Yes,
I'm well aware they make USB controllers that are really fucking similar, but you know what?
They don't really feel the same. Like a lot of those controllers really feel cheap when you use
them. I'm pretty sure that they have USB adapters for the original SNES controllers, NES controllers,
like you can use the original controller. Yes, that they do. That's cool. So, I mean,
there is ways to get around that, but yes, it is a brand new controller. It's just really short
for some reason. They really, if they were smart, would have supported the Wii, you know,
be able to sync some Wii remotes to it. And then that way you could do it wirelessly since they're
just basically classic controllers anyways. Uh, Kaijuto in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says
SNES is 80 bucks. I thought it was 59.99. Surprise. The NES classic was 59.99, but yes,
the SNES classic is 79.99. It's okay. Cause they've changed absolutely fucking nothing.
Well, okay. Now to be fair, they do include two controllers. So that does kind of offset the cost
a bit with longer cords, slightly longer cords. Yeah. Not come barely, barely long enough to reach
the couch if I'm sitting in front of the couch, but not to actually reach the couch with me
sitting on it. Does that make sense? I don't understand why they can't make longer cords.
Is it a cost thing? Are they really just charge like $2 more? And then, I don't know. Anyway,
YYR continues. On a somewhat related note regarding the Wii shop shutdown. Now,
let it be said that I do not support piracy, especially considering that I create games
myself, but I'm sure you're already aware that the Wii console has already been hacked in every way
possible. Right, Loki? Uh, you may also know that using simple instructions is very easily to soft
mod your Wii and install things onto it. You may or may not, however, be aware that the entire
archive of Virtual Console and WiiWare is already available on the internet in large
archives and torrents. Now, I'm not going to suggest or endorse that anyone abuse this.
However, if something happens to your Wii console or its contents in the future,
it is very possible to get your previous purchase titles back. So when the Wii Shop channel goes
dark in 2019, none of its software will truly disappear for good. And that is a good thing,
because by the time you read this email, Xbox Live indie games will already be disappearing
forever. You know, it's funny. Yeah, there was, uh, I forget. It was someone from All Games. It
was Twitter, uh, tweeting on the All Games account. It was Derek. It was Derek. Yeah.
So Derek, I guess he had that, uh, you, you must die or you will die. He was like tweeting out
like codes and I was able to redeem one of them before they, before they shut it down. So Derek,
thank you. I don't know what the game is, but I've got it now. If I remember, I played it when
it first came out and it was, it was his little take on a bullet hell game, basically. That's
cool. I mean, yeah. I was like, Hey, free game. Cool. Yeah. Cause no, I mean, especially, you
know, for an indie game that I believe Derek did himself, uh, it was, it was good. It was a great
effort, you know, it's more than you've done. I'm just kidding. No, but no, it was, it was,
it was great. It was great. So, uh, yeah, it's, it is sad that all that stuff's gone forever, but
I know that Xbox one has now its version of this and we've talked a little bit about that before.
And I know YYR is looking at maybe, you know, doing some of his games for that. Uh, and maybe
Derek will too. I don't know. I don't know if he's done with that or whatever, whatever he wants to
do and all your favorite creators over on Xbox live indie games. So steam now, because there's
really no barrier of the entry except for a hundred bucks. I don't have a hundred bucks.
You get it back. If you sell a thousand dollars, nobody's going to buy my game.
Maybe. So maybe the three people that listen to OLR, but that's about it. All right. Uh,
dark Tetsuya in chat says I saw a stream that was playing off some Xbox live indie game stuff.
It was mostly terrible jank, but still as a send off, have you, uh, have you been able to play any
of the Xbox live indie game stuff? Loki? Like I know you said you redeemed the code, but I
have not tried because that involves me actually hooking up my Xbox 360 again. And so I have not
done that to do, you know, all of that. Yeah. That's my problem too, is that the Xbox 360 is
not hooked up. But, um, my understanding is, and I hope I'm not getting this wrong. Somebody in chat
can correct me if I am wrong, but my understanding is that, uh, you, uh, can still download for like
another year. You just can't buy anything else, right? Yeah. I think that's the case. All right.
Well, Xbox live indie games is done and, uh, we're going to have to send off Xbox live indie games.
The only way I know how.
That's right. Play off Xbox live indie games keyboard cat.
Thank you very much. All right. Rest in peace forever in our hearts.
All right. Thank you YYR for the email. Let's move on with some more stories and, uh, you can
always email us as well. Participate at orange songs, radio.com. Tell us a favorite Xbox live
indie game story. Loki. Okay. Um, so basically the, uh, switch is doing really well. It's making
Nintendo lots of money. Who would have thought it prints money, prints money. Yes. So the, um,
switch has actually caused and tender stocks to rise for a nine year high. Um, apparently they
are up 3.3% to a 43,930 yen. That's the highest they've been since September, 2008.
And apparently I still go on pretty strong. And along with that, of course, um, they're saying
that they're set to hit an annual annual, uh, shipment of switch consoles around the 20 million
mark. Um, along the, with that though, they're also saying that they're trying to increase
production. So they're going to be increasing the production by 2 million units per month
to hope to meet the demand through the holiday. So, um, neat. And then of course, along with
that, you know, they're also, is it still hard to get a switch easy? You know, it's,
it doesn't seem to be like I've seen them in stock in a few retail stores. They're not in stock
everywhere and all the time, but like I have gone into stores and seen a few systems sitting there.
So I don't think it's incredibly hard to get them, but they are out of stock in a lot of
places that would be good going into Christmas. There's a few on the shelf when, you know,
parents want to buy them for their kids. Like if I was to say, Julian's going to get his switch to
be able to play Zelda, if that's what he wants, I don't know. Like if I was going to, I'd probably
get that Mario's, uh, Odyssey bundle or something like that. Um, just, you know, they have Mario
Odyssey, but it's, I don't know. They're available. So, I mean, you can find them.
They're not like, I mean, there's still people trying to scalp them, which is like,
really late on that. It's kind of, they're out there. I mean, you're not going to need to sell
those guys thought they could wait until the holidays to make a bigger buck, but didn't work
out. All right. Well, I don't know if you've played any Fortnite battle royale. I've watched
a little bit of this on Twitch. Some of my buddies were playing on Twitch. I downloaded it with the
intention of playing with my friends, but I just, it hasn't happened yet. So I still haven't played
it. I just have the clients sitting there on my computer, but apparently this Fortnite battle
royale is doing pretty well, despite all the drama with, uh, pug B that we were talking about
the other week. Uh, or see, I know it's, I know it's pub G, but I like to say pug B is amazing
things, little pugs anyway. Uh, so anyway, unreal engine four is supposedly going to be getting some
tweaks to it to help support games like Fortnite battle royale, but it's not going to apply only
to Fortnite, which I think was part of the concerns that the developers of pug B had said
before is that, you know, that they were going to make improvements that only benefit that game. So
here is Epic games kind of doing something to the contrary, I suppose you could say. Uh, so anyhow,
dedicated servers will now support the larger number of players better, uh, with the change
log that they did. And, uh, some of the, I guess there's 60 Hertz servers, they get improvements
too. Uh, and so the level of detail system will allow for longer view distances, hopefully without
sacrificing performance, which is especially important on consoles where you have a more
limited memory than you usually do on the PC. All these changes are supposed to be in version 4.18
of unreal engine four coming out later this month, although some will not be out till version 4.19.
So that's pretty cool. Uh, although you might be wondering, well, when do I get to do this on
PlayStation four, at least doing the player unknown battlegrounds, the other, uh, game.
So if you do want to play yourself some pug B, uh, that is going to be coming out, hopefully on
PlayStation four, they haven't said anything official yet. Uh, the Xbox one version is later
this year, uh, and the game will be away from early access in 2018, getting its real release
on PC. Uh, but, uh, let's see the Xbox version will be launching later this year. And, uh, in a
statement from the blue holes, founder says that blue hole and Sony are thinking about a release
for the PlayStation four after that. So it may not be something exclusive to Microsoft's platform,
at least for very long. I would think though, this is the type of game, you know, I hope something
blue hole and the folks behind this game are thinking about. This is the type of game where
maybe they would have leverage to strong arm Sony and say, if you want us to put this game on your
console, you're going to let us do cross-play. And if Sony doesn't let them do it, they don't
release it. I, I kind of would like to see that cause you know, not every game can get away with
that, but I think this is one where they might be able to, to arm wrestle Sony a little bit on that.
I hope they do. I don't know what their problem is. I don't either. And that,
that attitude is going to shoot them in the foot at some point. It is. I mean, cause it's like,
not really right now, but like looking at like, if I knew what I knew now with the consoles and
I'm going back and I'm like, okay, am I getting a PlayStation four and Xbox one and how they've
treated like modding and they've treated, you know, online plan stuff. I probably would have
gotten an Xbox one because you know, they're seem to be more open to that stuff. And that's
important. Kaijuto and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says Sony won't do it. That
game is still kind of not complete. Well, it's supposed to be complete in early 2018. That's
what they're saying. It will be out of early access by then. So a few more months to make all
those tweaks. We'll see. Anyway, uh, on a different note, let's talk about Assassin's Creed Origins,
because that is coming out later this month. We've got another huge game this month, right?
Well, some of the early previews are hitting out there on the internet and something that has come
out of the previews. This is very important and should be a feature that is weighed in many video
games that is out there. It has come out that in Assassin's Creed origin, you can pet the cats.
That's right. Everybody video gaming in 2017, we made it fam. You can pet the cats in Assassin's
Creed origin, which of course many people are very, very excited about. I guess that is a
fan requested feature that actually made it into the game. The development lead Ashraf Ismail,
who is the game director of Black Flag, said that fans were thanking him personally for ensuring
that the much requested petting feature was added back into the game. So I guess in an earlier
Assassin's Creed game, you could pet the animals, but then it wasn't there for the last one. So
there you go. You will be able to pet cat. Yes, there's already YouTube
gameplay, petting cats and Assassin's Creed origins. That's it's important. Loki. It's
important. They don't have it in Grand Theft Auto. You can only shoot the cats or drive.
That's terrible. Run them over the car. Oh, rock star. Fuck you. You should be able to pet the cat.
You should be able to pet the cat. You love the cat. Love every cat. It's all I want to
do in video games. That's my personal dream game. Love every cat. That's all you do. You
go around a big open world like Grand Theft Auto, and your goal is to pet all the cats.
That's it. Isn't that a game you'd play, Loki? No, that sounds terrible.
Why? Because cats don't want to be pet sometimes. They chase after them.
Let me love you. Is it like a parkour game like Assassin's Creed where you're like scaling walls
and running along? You have to stealthily approach the cat, and if the cat sees you,
it has the exclamation point and then runs away. You know what? That'd be super easy.
You just get a laser pointer and you just, okay. That could be like a superpower
that you get in the game. Tiger Claw in chat says you have to remember it's the cat's world.
We just live in it. That's right. All right. A couple more stories for you guys before we open
up the sky. Why don't we have a set? Who is it? A cat's in Creed or something like that where the
cat is the actual assassin. Does the game have a pause button? That was a joke. I would have
expected the 10 year old to tell, but he's not here. Anyway, Loki saved me before we open up the
Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio. So the everybody's message service is going to be opened up,
I guess, to help close out Miiverse. So since Miiverse is shutting down in November,
that they're basically allowing, I guess, the open, the everybody's message community,
which is going to last, I guess, for a week. And the logic is you're all messages and stuff. I
don't know. What the hell is this shit? I don't, I didn't ever use this. It sounds like it's just
a community on Miiverse to memorialize Miiverse. So somebody needs to go paint
a picture of Keyboard Cat to appropriately send off Miiverse.
All right. I mean, yeah, it's Loki. I get the feeling you don't plan on participating with
this. I don't fucking use Miiverse. You know what? Speaking of games, which game do you think
my son is playing on the Wii U? He's been just super hardcore into
Captain Toad's treasure game. We don't have that. Oh, well shit. I don't know that. What
Mario 64? Really? Yes. Out of all the games that I have downloaded for him,
he was playing Mario 64 like crazy. I don't see the problem. I don't either. It's just like,
I was surprised because he didn't want to play into the margins. I downloaded them all the
Mario games like Mario, Super Mario one through Super Mario World, right? Zelda, you know,
and all that stuff. And he didn't play any of those. And then Mario 64, he just decided
to play and he's been playing. Was this before or after you saw the kiosk with Mario Odyssey?
Cause I could see where a kid might draw some similarities before he's done it before.
Interesting. Yeah. Okay. He only played Mario Odyssey because it's a game to play at the store.
Right. Right. Right. Okay. I thought maybe like he did that and then it was like, Oh,
this is the closest thing I have at home to Mario Odyssey. Like, I don't know. Sometimes
no, I just, I hear the music all the time. Like I hear, you heard it from the other room
where he's playing like all this stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. So does he die a lot in the
game? I don't know. I've never actually watched him play. I can just hear him playing from the
other room. How does the wife feel about that? Oh, she doesn't care as long as she's not,
he's not bothering. Exactly. Well, here's something you could let the kids play, uh,
just in time for its 25th anniversary. That's right. Do you know what game series turned 25
this week? Mortal combat. That's right. Mortal combat with a K turned 25 years old this week.
And, uh, yeah, they actually put out a little video that was on Twitter that was kind of
floating around, uh, about the mortal combat, uh, franchise and the legacy there, uh, the different
games in the series. The original game was 1992, 25 years ago, mortal combat arcade followed by
mortal combat two, three, ultimate mortal combat three, mortal combat trilogy, mortal combat four.
That mythology's game was sub-zero mortal combat gold, which was a dreamcast game,
mortal combat special forces. Then there was deadly Alliance tournament edition,
which was game boy advance deception Shaolin monks Armageddon was, that was the one with, uh,
like every fucking mortal combat character ever was Armageddon. Right. Because I think that was
the big send off of that. Uh, unchained was the PSP version. Ultimate mortal combat was the Nintendo
DS version. Then they had mortal combat versus DC universe, which was the brutality game. Right.
And then, uh, there was mortal combat 2001. I don't know which one that was. Oh, that was the
reboot, right? It was just called moral combat. It was called moral combat. And then a mortal
combat arcade collection, complete edition. Those were just, you know, greatest hits.
And then mortal combat X and XL. And, uh, that's where things stand. The last release was XL in
2016, which was really, you know, it was just a re re-box of X from 2015. So, you know, next year
will mark a, uh, three year gap between two. So, um, this year wasn't this year, the DC one. So
I would imagine the out of next year. Oh, injustice. Yeah. This year. Yeah. I would say
next year would be a good time for moral combat. Well, I don't know. There was mortal. It's actually
2011, not 2001. I don't know the years printed wrong here, but, uh, 2011 and 2015, that was a
four year difference. So I would say maybe 2019 to be the latest, but they might tease it before
that though. They also had, well, they had injustice one too. So that's true. I don't know.
Well, we'll see. Would you be excited for a new mortal combat game? I don't play them. So I don't
they, they're getting a little, they're getting a little violent for me. It's a little much like the
moral combat X was pretty intense. Gameplay is good. I mean, they keep upping the fatalities,
but it's just like kinda after a while. It's just, it's not that impressive. We're going to
open up the Skype line right now at orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype. If you want to do
it the old fashioned way, one eight seven seven game. O L R I would like to see them. Cause you
know how they deal with like the horror characters in there. I would like to see a horror character
licensed fighting game. Why not just do an all out like smash brothers, but all horror characters,
Jason, Freddy, Jason, Ash predator, Ailey. I mean, most of these people are already in
leather face are already like side characters that they've added in all the games. You know,
we'll just do that. Yeah. The game. What's your earliest memory while we wait for some calls,
orange laundry on Skype. What's your earliest memory of a mortal combat moral combat one?
I mean, yeah. I remember going to the nickel arcade to play it where you had to pay the
two 50 to get in and then you play the games on the nickels. Yeah. I want to do a few of those.
There's fun. I wonder if we used to play in a nickel arcades. Geez. I don't even remember
anymore. It wasn't DDR cause that was before DDR. Um, that was the big one that there was
another like violent fighting games were all the rage around that year. Cause moral combat
kind of pushed the envelope. There was that one. Was it time killers was the one where you chopped
off the arms and legs and then eventually you could chop off the heads like that. And those
were literally the attack buttons you had like leg leg, hand, hand, maybe it was gauntlet or gauntlet
legacy or legends or whatever that we were playing. Yeah. Or you know what it was? It was a lot of
those like Capcom brawler games, you know, like the Simpsons arcade Ninja turtles. Oh sure.
That type of stuff. Konami. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Konami didn't do those turtles. Yeah. Oh yeah.
That was true. Yeah. That's right. Simpsons was on the same engine. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I'm thinking,
yeah. Captain commando and um, X-Men the X-Men arcade game. Yeah. Yeah. All of those. Cause those
final fight didn't play a whole lot of final fight. Really? Yeah. Just, um, I played captain
commando was like my favorite game. So I played that a ton. We had that. It was funny. Cause like
when I was growing up, we had like an arcade game. Like they were, there's one of the seven 11
there's one at this other diner. There's one where the pizza place that was nearby had different
games. So if we wanted to go to different places to play different games, like yes,
refire two at the seven 11 and Kevin commando at this cafe and um, your Rico's pizza had like,
you know, a few different games, um, none of which were that great, super off road.
I remember they have that. Um, I don't know. I remember when mortal combat two first came out,
how fricking crazy everybody went. And like, I remember going to this little like quickie
Mart store. It wasn't actually seven 11, but something like it that actually had a mortal
combat two machine and like all the kids in the neighborhood were there because it was like the
graphics were insane. And I just remember seeing that for the first time when it was like one of
the fighters punched the other into the acid and that one stage it was nuts. So yeah, I think the
computer did it to him or something. Cause I don't, I don't know if people knew how to do
it right away. You know, you used to have to trade, you get them out of magazines or trade
them on BBSs to figure out how to do fatalities, fatalities and everything. And they used to have
guides or something. Exactly books. One last shout out for calls, uh, orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype. Have you played any of the newer mortal combat? No, I still do. The only
thing I have that's recent is in the first injustice because that was one of the PlayStation
plus plus. Yeah. And so I still have to go back and play that. But no, I, I never really got into
moral combat as more street fighter. That's okay. I understand. Uh, I did, I played a little bit of
the mortal combat 2011 one cause I liked that it was kind of a re-imagining of the classic games
and that the story actually kind of went through the first three games. And you know,
I know the, the piece with my mother and her seeing that for the first time was, was pretty
legendary here on this show. But uh, yeah, you know, I, I, I, I enjoyed playing through that
game and then Alan got really into that game for a little bit too. He was playing it a lot.
He played through the story. So I mean, I'll give mortal combat that it usually had a pretty good
story and I liked how they have like in a lot of the like PlayStation two and later games,
they have like the crypt, which had like 11 billion unlocks in it. Right. Like all the
different colors and art and music and like everything. So I always was pretty impressed
with that go cart game and yeah. Uh, dungeon buster in our chat over at live.vog network.com
says Genesis with the blood code. Oh, remember how Epic that was when the blood code came out
for the Genesis that you could actually enable the blood cause the super ninja I had the super
version for you can change with the game G. You could change the color, but you could not
suddenly change sub zeros fatality back like that, that those sprites with the severed heads
and stuff, they were just not in the cartridge. Right. So you could not re-enable the original
fatalities. It just was not in the programming at all. So unfortunately the newer fatalities are
always really lame. Like didn't Johnny cages just become like an uppercut and that was like
the fatality. I don't even remember. Like, uh, sub-zero froze the guy and then it shattered
into ice cubes, which I guess that was, that was, that's still kind of violent, but you have to kind
of infer a lot of the violence, but for some reason they left Sonia's the same Sonia and
scorpion. They never changed because there's wasn't blood. It was fire and setting somebody
on fire was fine. This is weird Nintendo logic in the nineties where as long as you don't see blood,
it's fine. But if somebody is, you know, vaporized, then you don't see blood. So it's fine.
So, and then they changed. What else did they change? They changed like, uh, uh, what was the
other really violent one in that game was like, Oh, like Kano used to rip out the heart. Right.
So instead it just looked like Kano did a tummy tickle and they died because there would be no
heart twister titty twister. All right. Well, sadly the phones aren't lighting up. I guess,
uh, people feel that they cannot follow Julian tonight, which I don't, uh, I don't blame them.
He's a pretty, he's a pretty hard act to follow. And also, uh, I think rage nators not here
tonight. I hope he's okay. He usually calls in right away, but I don't even see him in chat
tonight. He left earlier. Yeah. So, all right. Well, anyhow, uh, that's going to do it for
another episode of orange lounge radio tonight. Thank you guys so much for listening to our show
this week. We really appreciate it. Uh, but I think, uh, I think that's going to do it. We'll
be back here in seven days. Do it all again. As we get closer to Halloween, we can talk a little
more about scary games. Maybe we'll stream some more or something like that. Uh, but for now,
we're going to leave you with, uh, this message. If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange
lounge radio tonight, tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are
the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if those voices are out there to be heard.
See now is when you need to like stream all the anymore scary games for PlayStation VR. Well,
I guess they have Russia bloods. All right. I mean, but like, um, I don't need to play scary
games. The blood is awesome. That is like my favorite PlayStation VR game. Although I have,
I still have to go and I just don't want to set it up. I just, I just, I still need to go and play,
um, super hot cause I have super hot VR. Okay. I got to make a point this week to play super hot
VR. That game was the, I liked watching a Bobby and his friends play that game cause they had that
at dragon con. Bobby set that all up and that looks awesome. But I know there's more VR games
coming soon. I have to kind of check in there and see what they have available now. Um, but yeah,
we need more scary games on there. Like I know that they have, um, on Oculus survivor or something
like that. It was the, uh, like a room which I figured it was like a chair in a room or
something like that. I figured it's called something simple like that where you're sitting
on a chair and creepy shit happens and Oh yeah. It was like resident evil seven. No, not that one.
No, it's like literally called like a room with a chair or something like that. I don't remember
what it's called. Well anyway, speaking of dragon Congress, I mentioned that a minute ago. Y'all
make plans for dragon con next year. It's going to be awesome because it's not just like
by black off, we'll be there. But guess what? Travis Donovan's coming back next year. I knew
he wouldn't stay gone forever and I'm so happy that he'll be back. Uh, next year he's making
his plans to do that. So that's really exciting. So dragon con 2018 make it happen. Oh, there is
another game I saw. Um, you should actually pick up on, it's um, done by my, one of my favorite,
um, favorite developers, uh, that does like cluster truck and all that stuff. Um,
but they did a new stick fighting game. So it's like two stick figures and you're fighting,
but it's like the levels keep getting crazier and crazier as you go along.
And it's like five bucks on steam right now. I think it's like stick wars or something like that.
But, um, definitely check it out. It's by landfall games. Okay. And I watched, uh,
watched the stream of that and it looked hilarious. It would be totally a game that
I think you guys would dig. All right. Thanks. I'm a wishlist. Well, let's get final thoughts
and then we're going to call it a night here at, uh, the voice geeks network. Loki,
your final thought tonight. Yeah. Sick fight. The game was the name of that. Um,
my final thought is sorry. Haven't been working on programming because unfortunately I am knee
deep in fucking Lego addiction. So, um, I don't know what to do. And I gotta, I gotta go through
this phase and then we'll, we'll see how that happens. It's not going to get better though.
It's going to get worse before it gets better. And then my final thought is, sorry, I haven't
been streaming cause of psychological online game addiction. So, but I'm going to do a stream
tonight. So stay tuned for that. I'll tell you more about that after the credits here,
but for everybody, uh, thanks for listening. We'll be back to do it in seven days.
Thank you so much for supporting orange lounge radio. We love you. Happy gaming.
Good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of
OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
