by Teth 2011.
Is the PlayStation 4 really set to start production soon?
The PSP says goodbye to comics and Nintendo faces a lawsuit over
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers I want cake
DarkSakura.com
and so we had a joint cake that's one of our friends bought and there's one of those snarky you know friends that's you know funny bitchy funny and but got a cake that said happy birthday princesses with the two Mickey and Minnie Mouse on it so but it was cute and I ate some of the sand part
And I was just very happy because we just didn't want chocolate.
Because you might remember on OLR a few weeks ago, I got a chocolate cake, which was great.
I loved it.
Don't get me wrong.
Then I went to work and I had a chocolate cake at work from coworkers.
And I'm like, oh, yay, more chocolate.
But I bet Becky's cake was better.
Becky's cake was better because you could tell the difference between homemade and store-bought.
So, I mean, I appreciated the cake at work.
Don't get me wrong.
But...
I think the Becky cake was a little more from the heart, if you will, rather than from the grocery store.
Anyhow, let's go over to the third co-host on our show, here with us as he's been every single week since episode one, with few minor exceptions like when kids are born.
Loki!
Hi.
Hi, how are you tonight, Loki?
I'm a little sick, but I'm alright.
You're sick?
You better not get me sick, I'm gonna kick your butt.
Hey, I've been doing everything possible not to get anybody else sick.
I've been washing my hands like crazy and that's pretty much it.
That's okay.
I've got a bucket of Lysol I could dump on him.
You might need to do that because I really can't get sick.
Speaking of work, I have a lot going on at work.
It's not bad.
It's just congestion.
That's it.
It's not like I'm throwing up or something.
It's just like it could very well be allergies, but it's not.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I didn't go that far.
Come on, I'm not Arnold Schwarzenegger.
All right.
Anyhow, let's talk about video games as we get into another week here at OLR, where we talk about the gaming news, invite you guys to call us, and of course, join us in chat at chat.orangelandre.com.
Speaking of the chat.
What's that?
I have to ask Azure Edge, who said, I love bronies.
Is that like brownies for bros?
Is that the My Little Brony thing that we were talking about a couple weeks ago?
Maybe.
I think there's a phantom W in that.
Unless bronies are actually like... That would be brownies.
Brownies with like bacon inside of them.
Like, you know, brownies with bacon.
Those would be bronies.
A couple of my friends, they're actually sisters, they make bacon brownies.
You know, we are very much considering a pork party for Josh's first birthday.
I'm serious.
It's looking like it's probably going to happen.
DarkSakura, you could protest.
You could stand outside with your PETA sign.
fuck PETA no no no no here's some other fun random things real quick one of the other runner up ideas for a party and we're probably thinking about this for maybe second or third year and you're gonna laugh pedo bear themed why would you do that for your child it's funny because our friends would know what it is but our family doesn't know what pedo bear is it's just a teddy bear it would be hilarious
Are you going to get a bounce house and everything?
Maybe.
You should get the Pikachu bounce house where you climb into Pikachu's butt to get inside.
I think DarkSakura should dress up as Pito Bear.
I said internet meme theme party because we were trying to think of something that's not been done before.
Pork party, I think, is pretty... You should do a troll party and make everyone wear troll masks.
I was going to say, if you do an internet meme party, I will come as Nyan Cat.
I will have little rainbow streamers behind me.
I'll wear a Pop-Tart.
I mean, I think that would be funny, but maybe not this year.
This year, and the only reason she was thinking of doing Pork Party, because she mentioned it, I guess, some of her Facebook, like, mommy friends or whatever, one of them makes cakes, and they said, oh, I could make a pig cake with an apple in its mouth, and the apple would be its own personal little cake for Josh.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
For all those pickled pig's feet.
You know, and it's kind of sick because we used to go there for, you know, like Easter and Christmas and all the holidays when I was younger.
And man, we would just have a feast of like bacon and like all that stuff.
And it didn't really hit me until like much later in life.
Like, oh God.
It was kind of...
I'm going to take some bacon outside for the pigs.
We used to go out to the barn and look at the baby pigs.
It was like, oh, it's cute, the baby pigs.
And we'd come in and just feast on ham.
And now I'm realizing, God, that was kind of messed up.
Okay, even when I did eat pork, ham has always been so disgusting to me.
It just tastes, like, not right.
Okay, I promise we'll get into video games here in a minute, but I have to say, about, like, ham, I gotta say, I am a ham person.
I like the honey-baked hams.
Those are my favorite.
But for Thanksgiving, I really don't like turkey.
I am not a turkey person, so... See, I'd always get my own drumstick.
My mother's very kind in that she always makes a ham for Thanksgiving.
Which is funny, because I have two brothers, and we would always fight over them.
So I'd just say, fine, neither of you can have them.
I'd wrap one up and put it in the fridge.
All right, video games.
Quickly, before we get into gaming weeks, I want to do a quick follow-up to a story from last week because it's not on the show roll anywhere.
And I was listening to Bobby Blackwolf, who, of course, as he has been for many, many, many, many weeks, is on before us as we do tape live every Sunday night at allgames.com at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after Bobby's show.
And one of the things he was talking about on his 300th episode—grats on the ding, by the way—
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
which leads me to believe that you hit the nail on the head last week, Loki, when Reggie's going to come out.
It may not be next E3.
It could be the holiday or the spring.
It'll be next E3.
You think all the way to next E3?
I think it's next E3 because localization doesn't take that long and because they want to have something saying, hey, we haven't forgotten about you, because the whole point is they're going to try to...
Let the hardcore gamers know we haven't forgotten about you.
That's why you need to buy our new system.
So, I mean, granted, those are Wii games, but they still play on the new Wii U system.
But that's kind of the whole theme.
It's like they're going to be trying... Because they need that hardcore crowd.
Because the casual gamer doesn't give a shit about their new system.
I mean, eventually they will because of the touchscreen thing, but...
It's going to be convincing these people that really bought the system for Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort and maybe Mario Kart or something like that why they need to go out and buy another system.
Well, I mean, Nintendo doesn't just have to have one press conference a year, though.
I don't see anything stopping Nintendo from... Thinking again what you said last week about they'll come out and say, except you said it a lot more angry, the fans demanded it, and here it is.
There's no reason they couldn't do this big thing at Nintendo World in New York City where they'll have a big press conference and invite people to play the games in for the first time because it's what you the game...
Gamer Wanted, and we listen because we're the company that loves our fans.
I mean, I don't know.
They could have easily phrased it away without... Because what's the point in saying, you know, why even say no, it's not something that we're working on right now?
Here's an important point from Dark Tetsuya in our chatroom at chat.orangeonstrady.com.
C goes back to when they said, not at this time.
Is it possible that the intern that updates Facebook perhaps just, you know, had to say something, but realized they couldn't exactly spoil an upcoming press conference?
No, they don't have to say anything, and if it is E3, why do they even have to say anything?
I mean, let's put it this way.
They went out during E3 and said, hey, we're going to work on a Smash Bros.
game.
I mean, we haven't started working on a Smash Bros.
game yet, but we will eventually work on it.
I mean, if they're going to announce stuff that we will eventually work on versus something that they're maybe...
Thanks for watching!
without looking like complete assholes at the same time.
But no, they decided, hey, we're just going to say, no, we don't have any plans to do that, and everyone gets pissed off at them.
I kind of think the intern just did what they had to do.
Well, then they should come out.
They have an opportunity to update at any time.
Hey, you know what?
Word is, actually, we are going to be bringing these over.
Let's...
Stay tuned for more details.
but are they doing any sort of press conference at PAX?
PAX doesn't usually have press conferences but PAX they will probably have a presence on the show floor usually the Washington because PAX is up in Seattle PAX Prime anyway and they're right in the backyard of Microsoft and Nintendo so there's no reason
I remember the one year we all went to PAX.
I believe that had been the first time that Animal Crossing was shown out on the floor.
I don't think it had made E3 that year.
My memory is a little bit fuzzy, but I seem to remember there was something on the floor that year that actually was new for Nintendo that they had not shown at E3.
And PAX being the whole fan service expo and delivering what the fans want and doing a mighty good job at it would actually seem like the perfect idea.
I think that's a great idea from Bobby.
The only thing that I think might be a little bit maybe not is that it's a little soon, but it could also kind of add up to this bigger equation that maybe Nintendo wanted to make E3 all about these games and then they want to make packs about the other stuff.
It sounds like packs would make more sense because if they're localizing this stuff for Europe already, localizing it for the United States, North America, they've already done all the voice and translation work.
I don't think that they really need to do anything.
I think all they have to worry about is the NTSC versus PAL.
That's the stuff they have to worry about.
Not just rendering.
High def, it doesn't matter anyway.
Or 480p.
It's the Wii.
It doesn't matter.
Let me put it this way.
Your Wii will interpret it any way.
It doesn't matter.
I don't know.
I just think that they could have done it in a more...
and DarkSakura.com.
and the interns know that update Facebook I better stick to the schedule you know I can't or they may not even know themselves but as we as we're going to get in the more information that's not true we know that's not true they've come out and said that that's not true because of certain factors that play into certain things and you can't just stick to a strict schedule anyways because you don't know what's going to happen
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was a little more eventful.
I played that game that you sent me, Terrarium.
Terraria, I think.
Terraria.
It's pretty fun so far, but it's still horizontal Minecraft.
I dug a lot of holes and died a lot and popped slimes with pickaxe.
I played some WoW.
One item level away.
Stupid Firelands.
What else did I do?
I played Portal 2 some more today and I played Droplets the other night.
What do you do in Portal 2 on all your replays?
Are you going for achievements or are you just trying to get your speed better?
I've done all of the single player achievements except for one of the speed levels.
But mostly I just go through because it's fun.
I just keep playing it.
I like watching your favorite movie.
Yeah, I played some Doom 2.
That's kind of random.
Yeah, it's not as good as I remember, but it's still fun.
I still remember a lot of my cheats, like, what is it, IDDQD, IDBFG, IDKF.
IDGAF.
IDKFA, you know.
I just remember in Doom when you could make the screen like you could adjust the screen size to get your computer to render it better for older systems and on my like really old it was either my 386 or my 486 100 I don't even remember it so long ago I had to put the window at like the minimum size to get it to run decently it was this little tiny window on my screen it's like trying to play a game boy on my computer screen
NRA was all weaponed.
Are you picking up these games through Steam sale?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Well, I already had Hexen, but I picked up the Doom Pack.
I'm so mad I missed that.
The Doom Pack was $8.
I missed the Quake Pack when it was on sale for like $7.
And I mean, yeah, it's probably still a good deal at $20, but there's just something about the whole you're getting it at a really good deal.
Steam sales are so dangerous, I'm telling you.
When we get to My Gaming Week, it's the same story.
I wish they'd put out all the Sim stuff cheap.
Just wait, Rob.
I'm sure it'll go on sale again once Rage comes out.
Oh, it will.
I'm sure.
Yeah, I'll wait for this.
I have plenty to hold me over until, for months, for months.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, anything else?
Well, I tried to play DAC again, the Star Trek DAC, and I always keep forgetting that I need a controller to play it.
So I'm like, I'll just grab one of the Xbox controllers one day.
There you go.
I'm done.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Out of 200,000 plus players, being 85 is not bad.
I'm just still working on getting up there.
I was at one point trying to beat this player named Chuck Norris just because it'd be funny.
You have to defeat Chuck Norris.
But now he's gone.
Chevy Chase, I'm after you.
A little bit of Earth Defense Force.
And that was pretty much it this week.
Really didn't play a whole lot.
All right.
My gaming week.
Let's see.
I found that Steam sale to be very dangerous, that whole thing that they're doing this week.
And I have easily dropped $40 to $50 on games, which is exactly what they want people to do.
That's the whole trick behind it.
Man, I've got to say, I've picked up a lot of good stuff.
So here's some of the stuff I've played this week.
One of my favorites, and it's one of those things where I've known about this game for the longest time, and I hear good things about it, and I just, for whatever reason, have never played it.
I'm just too busy playing WoW or something on the Xbox or what have you, and I always neglect to look at this game.
But I finally picked up Beat Hazard, which is a game that's available on Steam, and it's on sale.
There's this whole combo pack going on right now where it's Beat Hazard, Ultra, and all this other stuff.
um basically in a nutshell imagine if like Geometry Wars kind of met a game where you could put your own music in and then add super seizure robots to the whole thing that's what beat hazard is is it's I I look I usually am not the photo sensitive type and and uh you know I don't usually have reactions to video games but I gotta say in playing beat hazard um
I seriously think I felt a little odd playing it.
I was like, you know, I'm not usually prone to this type of stuff, but this game is going to do it.
If any game is going to set me off and cause me to have a seizure, it's probably going to be this game.
If you haven't played the game, you're this little ship.
And the way it controls is kind of interesting on the computer because you use your mouse to target things and use the button to shoot on your mouse.
But you use WASD to move your ship.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and the the ships kind of I guess are generated based on the music but the speed is kind of driven by the music and most importantly kind of the pulse of the bullets and the background and everything is driven by the beats of the game and a lot of your power-ups are based around volume you can the the basically the more powerful you are the louder the song gets which is kind of cool
So yeah, I think I paid about $6 for the whole thing.
It was a pretty good deal, so very happy with that.
Some of the other games I've bought during this sale.
Archon.
I had no idea that the classic 80s Commodore 64 slash NES game Archon was now on PC until I believe it was Travis from Under Sedation Live.
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Go to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com Kaijudo says, Beat Hazard will blow your eye sockets.
I played the demo and it almost killed me.
Now, to be fair, you can turn down the intensity of the effects, but who wants to do that?
I will say this as well.
One thing I love about Beat Hazard...
For what is a pretty simple concept, they've poured a lot of replayability factors into the game in the way of power-ups and achievements.
The more you level through and the more songs you play, you get power-ups that you can permanently buy for your ship.
And then you can pick five of the power-ups for your ship for a song.
And a lot of times what the power-ups do is they do things to your ship to increase either survivability or score.
So if you're the type that wants to go for the highest score possible amongst your friends, you use the enhancements that you unlock the more you play to get that.
I just think that's kind of a neat way to do it and what kind of really enhances the playability of what's otherwise a very simple game.
I was gifted Plants vs. Zombies by our listener xlink who was on Horde House a couple weeks ago.
It's kind of like a late birthday present and finally I know DarkSakura is a huge fan of Plants vs. Zombies.
Yes I am.
And I've played the game before.
I've played the free one online but now I have the PC version and I was playing that for a little bit and
Perfecting my strategy against zombies.
I didn't realize there was a whole little mode where you could create your own zombie, and then that zombie will show up in the final wave as you play the game.
I thought that was kind of cool.
I think if you do more than one, both of them can show up.
Oh, really?
I only did the one.
I thought the point of it at first was just to make a little...
Avatar that you could use on instant messenger or on web forums and stuff which is actually a really smart idea to try and get the game exposed and I'm surprised more people haven't kind of hopped on that train where like let people make a custom avatar from your game which okay now I'm sounding kind of stupid because that's what the Xbox 360 avatar stuff is all about but I guess this is the first time I've kind of seen it in a PC fashion and kind of let them spread the word about the game.
I don't know.
Something like that.
So I've bought some games.
See, here's the other dangerous thing about the Steam sale.
I have bought games I haven't even freaking played yet.
And one of the games I bought was Amnesia, which is supposed to be just like a horrifically scary game.
Like, I was even scared by the trailer.
Like, it's seriously like a scare the pants off of you game, don't play this in the dark type of thing.
So I'm excited to check out Amnesia.
Do you know much about this game, DarkSakura?
Because you like the survival horror stuff.
Go look at the trailer on there for Amnesia.
You have to tell me if you think it's scary or not.
So, all right.
That's all I'll say about my gaming week.
Otherwise, it's been the other stuff.
Final Fantasy XIII.
I think I'm up to like 30 hours, 35 hours spent in the game.
I think I'm getting closer to the end.
I'm still in Chapter 11 because I've been doing a crap ton of side quests.
But getting closer to the end.
I'm back in the main story now.
I'm climbing a big tower, for those of you that know the game.
And probably ring a bell to some of you.
Are you running up that hill?
Yes, I'm running up that hill.
To make a deal with a foul sea.
And convince them to swap our places.
Let's see.
And then, you know, Warcraft and all that other fun stuff.
Alright, that's it for my game of the week.
Let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR and Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Big welcome to you.
Whether it be your first time or your 400th time listening to the show, please always feel free to send us an email, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com or join us live.
The chatters would love to see some new people.
Sunday nights here at All Games Radio is where we tape Orange Lounge Radio, www.
I need to give a shout out as well.
This is important.
We just celebrated a big anniversary a couple weeks ago, our ninth anniversary.
But next week on All Games Radio, or this Saturday, depending on when you're listening, July 16th is the 10th anniversary of Under Sedation Live.
and DarkSakura.com
The show's just missing me, but I'm going to be back on Saturday to say hello for the 10th anniversary.
Happy 10th anniversary.
And I know it's just going to be Travis dogging me for three hours, but...
That's okay.
We gave him a little fodder.
He's great.
After 10 years of hard work, I suppose he's earned it.
But not that I'm going to go quietly.
That's all I'm going to say about that.
I'm a lot bitchier now than I was 10 years ago.
No, seriously, though, it'll be fun.
So check that out.
Saturday night at All Games Radio.
More information at understationlive.org.
Now we can get into some gaming news.
Let's talk about what's going on in the gaming industry this week and get your thoughts live in our chat room at chat.orangelandre.com and on the Skype line later on.
Loki, start us off.
Yes, Square Enix was a little bit sad after their game Deus Ex Human Revolution has been leaked out to the public.
Apparently, preview code for the game, which was hosted on Steam, the account was hacked.
It was a game preview code meant for people in the preview review program, kind of for the press.
and one of the outlets, I guess, it's a French outlet, their account got hacked and this game was downloaded and then, of course, it spread out there kind of like wildfire.
Right now, they're going after 15 unnamed John Does and seeking monetary damage in excess of $5,000 for the preview's distribution.
Now, the game wasn't
I mean, but it was, you know, kind of a preview build that leaked out there.
And obviously this is not the first time that something like this has happened.
You know, I remember not too long ago, Crisis 2, same thing happened to that.
And God, how many other games preview builds get leaked out for me?
A lot.
But they are none too happy about that.
Interesting.
Steam's supposed to be like this super secure thing, and it's interesting that the game kind of leaked off of it when it sounds like this might be more of like an error.
or some sort.
And my mistake, actually, it was an Italian gaming outlet that leaked that out or that the account got hacked from.
Not Steam, then, to clarify.
Yeah, they said... Never mind, then.
It seems to be kind of confusing where it's come from.
It says, it seems that even Square doesn't know yet.
Rather than aim its suit at the Italian gaming outlet, the Japanese publisher is instead directing its legal team at the 15 people that stole the game.
or I guess that are distributing the game because I know it takes 15 people to download a game.
They don't know who they are because it's going to be 15 IP addresses basically.
Pretty much, yeah.
Interesting.
What do you think about a case like this?
Do you think Square has a case against these folks?
If they can track them down, yeah.
Because they hacked into someone's account.
So the crime that's committed is impersonating someone else's account to get the game.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
We'll see.
But what if those people come back and say, oh, it wasn't my IP.
I wasn't driving.
Somebody hacked into my Wi-Fi.
That's the problem, because it is the burden of proof.
They need to have the proof that they did it, and just seeing that you have your IP.
Well, people can spoof IPs easy.
Especially if they're smart, if these people are the smart hacker types, obviously they're going to be running their IP through proxies and stuff like that, so it'll be even more difficult to track them down.
Mm-hmm.
I gotta ask you about this.
Not to get too tangenty, but since you brought up the whole IP spoofing, it made me think of this, a big article I read this week.
What do you think about this whole agreement that I'm hearing that was passed this week between the major ISPs, including Comcast, AT&T, and a bunch of the other big ones, and copyright holders, essentially?
We are going to notify users when IPs are identified, which is kind of what was already being done, but now I think it's more streamlined and consistent between all the companies.
And if a user keeps ignoring the alerts, they will get pop-ups that they have to acknowledge.
They might even get phone calls at some point.
I don't know.
I haven't obviously read too far into this.
I don't know.
What do you think about this whole thing?
Um, well, there's a couple things that are weird about it.
One, it would have to be, um, the way I understood it was, I believe, it's gonna be like, for example, like, if you were downloading TV episodes or something like that off of BitTorrent or something, and they figured out that you were doing it, or your IP was attached to it, they would notify you.
To make sure that it's not, say, someone jumping onto your Wi-Fi or something like that.
They would notify you that that's going on.
If you ignore that, and then they keep sending you notices, eventually they will start throttling your internet and whatnot.
But the problem is, I don't think the actual Comcast or something like that are monitoring traffic.
I mean, it would be very difficult for them to figure out what you're downloading online.
Well, the copyright holders will kind of... I'm assuming what they do is they seek out the torrent and they download it and they can see all the IPs that are sharing it.
And so they send requests to the ISPs of all those IP addresses.
But here's the funny thing, though, too.
I mean, you can... There's a way that you can get around with them tracking where you're actually browsing.
I mean, but...
for one, using a DNS that's not provided by your ISP.
You can use 4.2.2.1 or whatever is one of those.
I think they have ways you can even download BitTorrent via proxy or something like that.
and you know what there's other options out there other than BitTorrent I mean not just BitTorrent but there's you know like news groups and there's you know just plain straight up hosting a file on like one of the file sharing sites like Megal Upload or you know RapidShare you know
So do you think this is going to be another case of the piracy will just evolve like it did when Napster got shut down?
I don't think anything's really changing too much.
They're kind of doing it to scare people, I think.
To get them saying, oh, we're going to be watching what you're doing.
And that's just if you're interested in stealing music or...
Music or TV or something like that.
I don't think game publishers or PC publishers are really going out there hunting these people down.
So, I mean, there's a lot of stuff out there that's still going to get pirated.
But you know what?
The RIA and the MPA, two people that are backing this.
Of course.
Of course they're supporting it, yeah.
Because all the backers are just all the MPA, the RIA, and then all the film and music studios and stuff like that.
You don't see any...
Well, the thing that surprised me most about the law was this whole fact that if you want to dispute it, you can, but you have to pay $35 to have that investigated.
And something about that kind of struck me as wrong.
I don't like the fact that – and granted, I try to have a secure setup in my home and all this stuff, but there's just something about –
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Bill, yep, you know what?
What if you have no other options in your neighborhood?
Like, I have to use one particular ISP in my neighborhood and I have no other options unless I want to go to DSL, which I really don't want to do.
I don't know, file suit with the Better Business Bureau?
I don't really know what you could do.
I don't know either.
I'm sure you could, you can get around it, I'm sure.
That's the sticking point for me.
I mean, I don't, I don't really pirate games.
I don't pirate games.
The last time I would ever pirate a game was back in the PlayStation 1 days.
I would do import games.
Blink, blink
But, you know, I'm not gonna get on a moral soapbox about it or what have you, it's just, you know, it's just the way it is So, um, but, if I'm gonna download, like, last night's episode of The Voice, like, really?
I'm gonna get my ISP shut off over that?
Like, it just, just kinda stinks, I don't know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
There's ways around everything.
As soon as they figure out what they're doing to find these people or whatever, there will be new programs, there will be new protocols, whatever, that people will develop in order to get around it.
They're already renaming torrent files with weird spaces between letters and special characters and things, so...
You'd be surprised.
They are going after some TV show watchers.
And who was it in chat said they got a letter about Game of Thrones?
Oh, there it is.
Ranma, I got a notice the other week about someone in my house downloading Game of Thrones.
Granted, that's an HBO show, and HBO is a paid network.
I mean, I sort of see where they are.
I mean, that is a huge...
I hope it doesn't become that.
I'll say right now, I download Supernatural because I hate watching commercials.
And so I'll just watch it on my computer.
But I also own several of the box sets of the seasons anyway.
Because I was going to say, Devil's Advocate, commercials are what make the TV shows free.
But I also have the box sets.
And a bunch of merchandise.
I have the comics.
You could probably watch them all on Netflix anyway.
probably yeah but I mean but regardless you know there's episodes I believe up on uh WB's website not W why am I saying WB it's uh
CW.
CW, yeah, on their website.
So, I mean, it's not like it's a big deal.
I just hate commercials.
Now it's all about product placement.
That's why we have more product placement.
Oh, did you hear about what they're doing with some of the old episodes of How I Met Your Mother and stuff like that where they're digitally altering them now where they're adding TVs and stuff in the background with stuff on them for different movies?
Uh-uh.
Yeah, there's reruns of some of the 2009 episodes are like that.
with the zookeeper in the background or was it Country Strong or something like that?
I hadn't heard about that.
Nothing in the world would get me to go see the zookeeper.
Maybe if someone threatened to kill my family if I wouldn't go watch the movie, then maybe I guess I would have to go see the movie.
You'd have to debate how much you love your family.
There would be that moment of pause.
But, I mean, seriously, that movie looks so awful, I can't even.
Anyhow, real quick, before we start jumping back into actual pertinent information, have you seen the trailer for Jack and Jill yet?
I don't think so.
It's a new Adam Sandler movie where he plays both Jack and Jill.
No, I haven't heard that.
You think the zookeeper looks bad.
I... Does he have sex with himself?
Because Divine did that in the 70s.
No, no, no, no.
Alright.
But it looks fucking terrible.
Alright, let's get back to game stuff.
Sorry.
How about the Wii U?
Wii U!
Talking about why was the Wii U shown?
You know, a lot of folks at E3, and I think I had said this too, when the Wii U was shown was said...
Nintendo, maybe Nintendo did this too early.
Maybe they should have just waited until they actually had a little bit more to show, like, I don't know, some actual games and not just a bunch of concepts.
Well, Satoru Iwata, the president of Nintendo,
has said that, you know what, maybe the Nintendo did show the Wii earlier than they had planned due to an increased fear of leaks.
What do you mean, fear of leaks?
There were already leaks.
I know, right?
What more could they have possibly leaked out about that system?
Here's a quote.
In the past, when Nintendo did not receive as much attention as we do now, we did not have to worry about the spread of our confidential information since it did not have any value in society.
But since the Nintendo DS and the Wii created a social phenomenon...
I like how they kind of just slip that in there.
Please.
Their whole social phenomenon.
But it's actually blowing smoke up their own ass.
Like, that's literally what they're doing in that statement.
You know, since we decided that, you know, our systems are just revolutionizing the world.
In fact, you know, we would go as far as saying they're about to cure cancer.
But, you know, hey.
That's what the fans are saying about our system.
Why doesn't he just say, thanks to the internet?
Because back in the day, you would get the word from the Nintendo Fun Club or Nintendo Power, which ironically enough, we're also both Nintendo.
You have to understand, because we're so awesome now... Let me show you this graphic behind me here.
You see right here, we were awesome, but now we are like ten times as awesome.
You do understand, that is...
and much more.
Anyhow, Nintendo's next move commands great attention and extreme news value.
Therefore, although we go to great lengths to ensure that this will not happen, there are cases where, even if a person receives information under a non-disclosure agreement, the information is leaked because there is great temptation.
Even for the Wii U, some people may be aware, if they had been checking the internet, that information with true and false rumors mixed together was spread on the internet before the announcement.
So they kind of admit that, yeah, some of it was out there.
Therefore, as for new hardware, even if we wanted to, it is extremely challenging to realize a situation where a product is announced and then launched the next day.
So, let's summarize that quote in our own words.
Because we are so fucking awesome that everybody wants to report on our farts and has reported on our farts, we had to, you left us no choice but to get up on the E3 stage and fart.
Wee!
Wee!
Here's the thing, they don't have to do shit.
They don't have to do anything.
They're succumbing to peer pressure.
That's because they're farting.
It's called a guillotine.
It's called repercussions for people violating your NDA.
That's why you have a nondisclosure agreement.
Take those fuckers to court.
It's in there, I mean, come on.
It's like, you know.
Oh, you want to learn about the new Pokemon game?
Too bad, because you're going to have to wait until after retail.
Was Nintendo really worried about disappointing at E3 this year?
Because, like, seriously, Reggie could have just got up on stage and just hula-hooped for 30 minutes.
And there would be that analysis on X-Play, like Adam Sessler and Morgan Webb.
So, the Wii Hoop, wasn't that an interesting display of, you know...
A pelvic shaking from someone who doesn't need to shake his pelvis.
I give those pelvic thrusts a 4 out of 5.
Rob, if they didn't talk about the Wii U, what the fuck would they have talked about?
Because seriously, they had nothing to announce this year.
They had nothing.
It was like, hey, yeah, well we
They could have stretched the fuck out of those discussions of the Wii games that they didn't really show, like Rhythm Heaven and all the stuff that Wii Poo Poo.
And would they have gotten slammed for that?
Probably.
But then they could have shown the trailer for The Last Story or Xenoblade, which we all think is happening anyway.
I think most of us going into E3 were pretty convinced that Nintendo was going to show The Last Story for an American release.
Why is it so difficult if they're planning on working on that anyways, or they're planning on bringing that over, that they could announce that?
Even if, you know what, they decide, hey, you know what, we're not going to bring it over here at some point.
If they change their minds, they can do that.
Games get canceled all the time.
Look at True Crime Hong Kong.
There's a big old trailer for that during Activision's conference a couple years ago, but that game got canceled.
Yeah, it sucks that it got canceled, but you know what?
Games get canceled.
So if they decide, hey, we can announce this, but there may be a chance that we're not going to bring it over here,
So what?
So what?
At least you'd have something to announce.
Instead of saying, hey, I hear you guys like Smash Brothers.
Well, guess what?
We're going to work on Smash Brothers sometime in the next couple years.
It's like, thanks, I think.
GameGuru in our chatroom at chat.org.com says they could have focused on the 3DS you know and they kind of did for half their conference their conference this year was the Zelda thing which that did feel like a bunch of hot air like I'm sorry but the whole Zelda thing it's like okay you've been showing this game for like four years and the whole symphony thing and all that was really just dragging it out like we know you're fucking showing the Wii U this is just you know this is literally just pomp and circumstance about how fucking great Nintendo is
But here's the great thing about Nintendo.
They could have done pomp and circumstance.
Like, they could have done, like, symphonic announcements for all those 3DS games.
Like, they could have had somebody dressed up as... They could have had Ranma, Black Luigi, come out and go, Hello!
And look for the ghost.
Where is Miyamoto with the fucking shield and sword?
I mean, that's, like, just, like...
That's the kind of crazy batshit stuff that they need to be doing again to get people excited about the games.
I'm sorry, you know, every time I see them put out a new Mario Kart Animal Crossing game or something like that, I mean, really, what the fuck are they doing?
They're adding some more useless garbage on top of these games, and then they're re-releasing them back out into the market.
Or, hey, look, I know you guys wanted Star Fox, so we're going to give you Star Fox that we gave you before.
Awesome!
Hey, I hear you guys like Mario Brothers.
We're going to give you Mario Brothers 64 HD.
Or in 3D.
Thanks?
I mean, it's just... It's kind of annoying that they've got... I mean, to me, I understand that there's a whole place where, hey, you know what?
These games are good.
Let's re-release them for a new generation or some garbage that you want to spew saying that basically, oh, well, we've run out of ideas, so we're just going to take some of these old games and put them back out again.
We're going to put as minimal amount of effort into them to make them look new again, but we're going to put them back out there because this is what the fans want.
You know what?
Fans, let me just talk to you here real quick.
Here's something that you can do.
Guess what?
You know that those consoles, when people are done playing them, they're still out there.
They don't just evaporate.
They are out there.
I thought they were all in a landfill in New Mexico.
It's so crazy.
Did you know
That if you want to play Ocarina of Time, you don't have to spend $299 plus $40 for the game.
What?
Yes, I know.
This is a shocker.
That's not what Beyonce told me in the ad.
I understand.
But Beyonce's full of shit.
Here's all you have to do.
You can literally go out to your local garage sales or there's this website out there called eBay where people sell things.
This is a game that Robin Williams named his daughter after.
Like, isn't that worth $300?
Yeah, but Robin Williams is kind of crazy.
Didn't you see the crazy beard?
I mean, it's starting to look like a homeless crazy beard, okay?
Yeah, a little bit.
It's a little weird.
I see where you're going with that.
He's like beyond Santa Claus.
That's an interesting angle.
Yes, I know.
Anyways, so you can go on eBay and you can buy a Nintendo 64 and Ocarina of Time.
And guess what?
Just be careful that it's not coming from China.
For a limited amount of time.
You can also probably afford within that $299 price range about, I don't know, 40 other games.
And you can play it all on your... You could buy everything on the Steam Marketplace right now for $299.
And you can play it.
And yes, it won't be in 3D, but you know what?
Actually, wrong.
It doesn't matter.
Because you know what?
You're playing with it the way it was meant to be played on Nintendo 64.
I don't understand why that's the whole thing with the 25th anniversary collection or whatever that $40 could have easily bought you $40 could have bought you a Super Nintendo we need to do a mock commercial for 3DS Ocarina of Time that has the whole like interspersed Robin Williams and his daughter and I'll play the game the way it was meant to be played just $19.99 on eBay
It's not even 1999.
I don't know.
It would have been different if it was something like, hey, you know what?
We're going to bring out a Zelda anthology.
We're going to have Zelda 1, Zelda 2, all of them on one disc.
Like they kind of did for the pre-order thing for Wind Waker.
It was a pre-order bonus!
Pre-order bonus!
Stuff that nowadays is just like a code for a shirt for my character in game.
Or armor that's red instead of silver.
I mean...
Why couldn't they just... They could sell that disc!
They could easily just stuff a couple more games on there, put Wind Waker in the box or something like that, because that game hasn't been sold forever, throw Twilight Princess back in there because, hey, you know what, just in case maybe someone doesn't have it, you know, and a little bit of extra content, and holy crap, that's a great deal and actually worth my time.
And hell, you don't have to do anything to them because people like the games the way they were.
But no, they need an excuse for people to buy the 3DS because the 3DS is kind of a gimmicky system and so what a better way to do that is to take one of their most popular Zelda games and just put it back out there.
Reggie Fils-Aimé
They're going to welcome arguments?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
To me, I don't see any publishers having trouble working with Xbox One.
This is funny because this does tie into something topical and it's the whole EA versus Steam thing that's going on that, yes, I realize comes up later in the show, but just deal.
There's this whole thing going back and forth with EA and Steam right now where Steam doesn't want the...
or Steam has forbidden the EA games to come on the marketplace for Steam and a lot of it has to do with the fact that EA wants to have their own servers for their own patches and EA wants it all to themselves and this was a big sticking point early on with Microsoft in the early days of Xbox Live.
So Nintendo in a way can kind of point at that and say we're not being lazy we're just doing what EA wants.
No they are being lazy because guess what EA who did they bring out on stage?
E.A.
But guess what?
E.A.
is still doing that, though.
E.A.
has their own, like, you have to sign in through the E.A.
service or whatever in order to play the E.A.
games online.
Right.
Because, remember, Project $10.
That's all part of that fun stuff.
And then same with, like...
I think there's some other services that Ubisoft has their kind of thing where you have to log into as well.
But EA, I know for a fact they have their EA games login that you have to do.
So they have their own thing on top of this.
The fact that they don't have a unified service or something like that is basically Nintendo's way of saying, we don't know what we're doing.
I'm sorry.
I think that's kind of what it is because they don't want to invest time into some sort of service like that and have it be inferior to Ubisoft.
Well, they sort of brought out the guy from EA, coincidentally enough, at E3, and I got the sense that, like, I don't know how much, I can't remember now how much was said about online, but I remember walking away from that, getting the sense that, like, I was actually asking myself for a minute, like, is EA doing their online stuff?
Like, is EA going to be doing the online stuff for Nintendo?
It wasn't that at all.
No, I know that's not what they ended up, but that was, like, for a moment, that was the impression I was getting about what was being said.
Because they didn't really bring up their online stuff.
All it really, to me, said is, hey, look, we have EA on board.
They believe in our system.
And EA is one of the biggest publishers in the world.
So you all should believe in our system.
Don't you see the math?
Because they believe in us, you have to believe in us.
When Nintendo would like to ask users to try a specific new game, we should deliver it to their Nintendo 3DS and possibly Wii U with their prior consent and recommend that they just try it, and if they like it, they can pay for it.
In this way, we need to introduce users to unknown products.
Consumers are likely to be convinced to pay about 5,000 yen for a well-established franchise product, but not all the people are willing to pay a certain amount of money for an innovative but unknown product.
Now is the time to prepare for these situations.
So what's interesting about that is Nintendo is basically saying, we need to find a way to just put demos on people's systems.
Now, he does it.
Now, there is a very important quote before you run away with this that says, you know, with their prior consent.
They're already doing this.
They're already doing this on the 3DS as far as like, because the stupid Pokemon thing downloaded to mine.
I'm like, I don't want this fucking shit.
No, it didn't download automatically, did it?
You had to get it through the store.
I had to get mine through the store.
No, mine downloaded automatically.
Really?
I know that OK Go video came in on one of the patches automatically, and then it was taken away.
But that's not a big deal.
I mean, they have the same type of thing right now.
In fact, I think it's still around on Xbox Live Arcade.
Remember, you could sign up, basically, and have all the demos for the games that come out downloaded to your system, and you could try them.
If you like them, then you buy them.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, Nintendo, a company that they've said, hey, you know what?
Our games are so awesome.
You remember?
Chart 10 times awesome as before.
That we don't need demos for them.
We're just going to, you know, we're putting that stuff out there and you're going to see Nintendo and you're like, oh, I got to buy that.
And so now they realize, hey, you know what?
People like playing demos to see if your game's crap or not.
I like demos and hate crap.
Do you like crappy demos?
No.
Alright, let's move on with more news.
Well, I like them because I don't have to pay for them.
DarkSakura, while you're at it, why don't you give us some more gaming news?
Well, how about some Zuni stuff?
There is a rumor that the Zune Marketplace is being revamped on Xbox 360 as a streaming video service.
And it already had the ability to stream, but this is specifically for some sort of service they're going to be offering.
I believe something along the lines of Netflix, but this of course is under the Zune brand.
Microsoft basically saying no comment, blah blah blah.
But
It could already be happening.
I mean, this could be related to what they were announcing at E3 at their press conference or maybe related to Xbox Live Diamond.
Who knows?
Like, okay, I already have Netflix.
Well, you know... I already have Hulu.
Xbox has been kind of centralizing a lot of their stuff lately and kind of folding in dated brands.
Like we had the story last week about Game for Windows kind of becoming Xbox.com.
So the fact, you know, didn't Xbox stop making the Zune like about a year and a half ago?
Yeah.
So it's no surprise at all that something had to happen to the Zune marketplace, so...
Well, and it makes sense to me because I look at even like the PlayStation Network and stuff.
They have, I don't even know how many streaming services on there.
Sony has one.
They have Vudu and Netflix and I'm sure Hulu Plus is on there.
And I don't even know.
I think there's a few other ones on top of that.
So it makes sense that they would have a few different offerings on the Xbox marketplace as well.
They got to do something with that Zoom name.
I would imagine that they're not going to call it the Zune.
They're probably just going to have some Microsoft streaming service or something like that.
I don't know.
This is kind of funny.
Remember how we talked about Gears War 3 leaking out last week?
Well, who possibly could have leaked this out?
But actually, it's funny because it was leaked out by a...
a third party I guess outsource company that was storing the code on their website Codify they're an Australian based hosting company which lists Microsoft as a client and it literally was behind no protection whatsoever all you had to do was go to xbox.codify.com which is now obviously locked up and you can literally find the code right there
Just go and download the whole folders and everything.
It was just ripe for the picking.
That's just straight up embarrassing.
That is pretty bad.
Not even a login or password.
Nothing.
The password wasn't password.
There's just no password.
No login, no password.
That's just straight up.
There was confidential in the folder.
Oh, please.
That was a dopey thing to do.
Someone's head's rolling for that decision.
That was just a lazy, dumb thing to do.
It is pretty bad.
and clearly this company has no security officer, cyber security person, specialist.
Clearly this company has none of that or that person has been on vacation for six months.
Dude, I mean, you could seriously host this stuff on...
on any of these file sharing sites.
Hell, they could have used a site like Mega Upload or something like that, some ridiculously stupid website.
And at least that you can put a password on.
This site, nothing.
Randy in our chatroom says, somewhere an employee is being yelled at.
I would say somewhere in a Microsoft meeting, an agreement is being terminated with this company.
I'd say that.
It's going to be a lot more serious, and then people at that said company are going to lose their jobs.
And the sad thing is, it's not going to be anybody involved with this.
It'll be the...
It's the fault of the executive who didn't hire a privacy person.
You know what's funny, too, is not only was the game leaked, but there was some of the tools that they used for the game as well leaked with it.
Jeez.
It's awesome.
It's just sad.
All right.
These rumors will never go away, but we've got to address them because it's making the way around the game blogs.
Let's see, Taiwan-based component makers, according to Digitimes, have said that the PlayStation 4 will feature body movement control, similar to Kinect, and it's going to be released in 2012.
This is coming from Foxconn and... I'm sorry, it's not coming from, but the...
Report is further saying that Foxconn and Pegatron Technology, who make the PS3, they will also be working on the PlayStation 4.
The shipment volume of the PlayStation 4 in 2012 is supposed to be at least 20 million units.
So there you go.
Supposedly, the PlayStation 4 is coming out as soon as next year.
There's a few things that seem a little weird about that.
Very well, let's say if it was actually coming out next year, then yes, it would probably have to be starting production right now on that.
But a few things that seem kind of off on that is the fact that they're looking to ship 20 million units.
I mean, even if it was 20 million units worldwide, no console launch has been that big.
Never that big.
And that would be a lot of units just sitting there, a lot of wasted resources.
They're going to want to have that launch, basically, the numbers as...
and so on.
I mean, that would be a lot, just like right away.
So 20 million, that seems wrong.
The other thing that strikes me as odd about this story is the whole it will feature body movement control like Microsoft's Kinect.
I'm looking at that a little bit through side-eye because that would show me that Sony has already abandoned the move.
I wouldn't doubt that they would, though.
That makes sense.
I'm a little yes and no on that I mean the move definitely probably is not broken through the way it should have or the way that Kinect has but at the same time I don't I don't know there's a part of me that wants to say Kinect hasn't really proven itself but at the same time yes it is the fastest selling hardware despite the you know I feel like the Kinect is in the rut that the Wii was in at the same time we all should have seen it coming
that you know after the initial wave of games there's just kind of a bunch of finger tapping on the desk there's not a lot and not a lot that we got excited about at E3 this year either there will be some stuff coming out but yeah it's not it's not really a lot of stuff that's diverting from what's already out there you know there's gonna be dancing games because obviously those have done well there's gonna be sports games because those have done well there's gonna be you know kind of the same type of fairy that you would see on like the Wii because that's just what's working um
Yeah, and the other thing you also have to consider too is that they're still making PS3s, and the PS3 is going to be their push, especially with the fourth quarter that they have right now.
They're going to be wanting to have tons of PS3 units, and it's going to be hard to have two systems being manufactured at the same time.
I just don't see it happening this soon.
I think they're just going to stick to their 10-year plan.
Because they kind of did that with the move.
And I don't know if they've really tapped out yet with what they can do on the PS3.
I hope not.
I think that they can do a lot more.
And it's still at the end of the day, it's still a cheap Blu-ray player for a lot of people that, you know, are as Blu-ray is getting into more and more homes as HDTV is getting more and more homes.
I think, you know, Sony still has that advantage that they're the only ones as a Blu-ray player still at the end of the day.
So, you know, and I think that's been helping move a lot more units than they might want to admit.
That they would probably chalk up to the quality of the games and so forth.
But I think the fact that it's a Blu-ray player has been really moving it.
So where the hell does the story come from?
Is it just a bunch of bullshit?
Or could it maybe be that there's some type of new PlayStation 3 redesign in the works?
I could see that before I would believe that a PlayStation 4 is in the works.
Like yet another PlayStation 3 Slim.
Maybe with Move more integrated into it or something.
I don't know if they would do that, but I don't buy this yet.
Other than someone saying, oh, well, this is what's going to happen.
We haven't seen any... Like with the Foxconn announcements, usually a lot of that will see pictures of the motherboards or something like that for these and
Um, you know, some sort of physical evidence for it.
Because right now, just one person saying that that works because you work at a... I mean, you don't even know if you work there.
To just say that you're a worker for one of these places doesn't necessarily... I don't know.
I don't know if I can trust that source.
I would just be willing to bet right now that it's probably...
I think it's going to be a while still before we see the new console.
Unless, of course, the Wii U really takes off.
I think they're going to have to speed things along a bit.
Honestly, with the Wii U, I don't think it's going to all of a sudden just take over.
I mean...
The Wii is still the number one selling console right now, but I don't think it's... I don't think it is anymore.
Really?
If you look at the monthly numbers, I think... I haven't been able to look at the NPD reports that have changed, so I haven't gotten to see a lot of stuff, but, you know...
I think it's still cumulatively the top overall, but it's not the month-to-month bestseller.
That's what I meant.
Overall, it's the largest selling system.
I don't think that this Wii U is going to be able to pull Wii numbers again.
It's kind of like, well, we've already seen that, and yeah, the tablet thing is a little bit new, but I don't know if it's going to be enough to get people into it.
I mean, look at the 3DS.
Perfect example.
The 3D's new.
Granted, if all things were correct, if they had a good launch lineup, I think that thing should have done really well, but they just aren't utilizing it enough.
3D looks okay, but...
It's just nothing.
It's like I kind of seen the tilt controls.
I've seen that before.
All this stuff, I've seen this before.
It's not new.
All right.
One more story for you guys.
Then we're going to travel around the world and look at release dates and what's coming out in a country near you.
But first, releases.
I'm sorry.
First, a story from Dark Sakura.
Then releases.
I was about to say, what are you doing skipping my story?
Well, the PSP had a digital comic service and Sony said, nope, not anymore, cut.
Yes, it is going away.
It has over 4,000 different comic book issues on it, but the digital comics is going away, for the PSP at least.
It may go to other Sony devices, but not to the PSP.
I think they're getting ready to transition to VitaLand.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hmm.
That's how I see it.
And honestly, I really don't care because you have to be really careful when doing comics for a small screen format.
And sometimes you lose something.
Maybe at the end of the day, they just weren't selling.
IOS Digital Distribution Digital Distribution
It could be.
And honestly, I've had a few different comic book readers on my iPhone.
But the ones that I always thought were the best well done were the ones that were standalone releases through the...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm going to our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com.
There's actually a little bit of love going on for Marvel's digital service.
DDR Dollar Bill says, I like Marvel's digital service.
GameGuru says, I started using Marvel's digital service myself.
Robert M in our chatroom says, stinks.
Will the PSP app still be available for back issues?
That's a good question.
I think the app's still going to be there.
I don't see why they would close the app.
And I would imagine there are agreements with the publishers to allow it so that if you have purchased a comic, you get to keep it.
There's no reason for them to take it down.
They said nothing about taking it down.
They just are going to stop supporting it.
Right.
It'll be like Microsoft Game Room.
If you really want to go into Game Room and download a lot of the old games, you can, but a new game hasn't come out in about a year now.
Yeah, but they're not going to deny people who have already used the service because that would just be really crappy.
Exactly.
That's exactly it.
and for the record, Marvel's digital comic service is really nice very easy to use and I've caught up on Avengers West Coast very quickly with that one of these days I'll get me an iPad and I'll check that out but we'll see
Moise off from that.
All right, let's go travel the world and look at some release dates.
What is coming to a gaming store near you?
Loki, start us off with the U.S.
Not a whole lot this week.
Starting off with NCAA football for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Gods and Heroes Rome Rising Collector's Edition out this week on PC.
Let's see.
The Elder Scrolls Oblivion 5th Anniversary Edition with a nice little map in there and some DLC stuff.
Plus $10 towards Skyrim And that's only $30 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, and PC UFC Personal Trainer on the Wii And let's see here
And that's actually it.
Wangan Midnight gets a price reduction on July 14th it moves into the PlayStation 3 best as does White Knight Chronicles 2 moves into the best series and I believe the American or the Europe release of that is not too far away I've been reading some early reviews on it that have not been too kind
Also on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan, Brink and Tencho no Eagle, as well as GQ Powerful Pro Yaku 2011 comes out this week.
That is a baseball game from Konami with chibi little characters.
Not a series I believe we have over here.
Look at some of the other systems.
Trying to see if there's actually anything on the Wii at all.
I don't think so.
But we do have the PSP.
We have Taiko no Tatoujin Portable DX comes out.
Music game fans may recognize that as the Taiko drumming game.
Looks like there's a new version of that on its way to the PSP this week in Japan.
As well as Unchained Blades Rex comes out this week.
And...
Ys gets price reductions all over the place as they move into the best series Ys 1 and 2, Ys 7 and Ys vs Sora no Kisuke Alternative Saga all those are getting price reductions this week so if you're an Ys fan that's late to the party in Japan good news, you get to get in cheap now Ys 3 is the best one game of note on the Wii it's coming out on July 16th from level 5 Inazuma 11 Strikers
It's a sports game coming out from level 5.
It's a soccer game.
Looks like it incorporates characters from various other games and anime.
So it looks like kind of like a fan wank soccer game.
Good times.
All right, let's move on with the UK dates.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
Told ya.
You know, this isn't the first time now that I think of it that Capcom has fucked up a save system.
You may remember Dead Rising 1.
They had real issues with that.
It's like, do you guys not know how to program save games correctly?
Is that really a problem for you?
um but they're saying though um it that their intent was never quite malicious um you know despite the conspiracy theories out there that would have you believe and uh that they said that the inability to reset saves was a conscious design decision aimed at maintaining the arcade fighter feeling of the title
That's so much bullshit.
It's just ridiculous.
Although they did release this statement, and now I'm wondering, I don't know if it's bullshit so much as it just was a dumb decision.
I wonder if somebody didn't really say, we don't need to program in the save-delete thing.
It's like an arcade.
Let's just skip that part.
Just a dumb decision.
There is a device out there, though, that will actually erase those save games that I saw out there because there was an article I saw where they're recommending, well, one of the two ways you can delete your save games, one, through the game to a campfire, two, use this device.
The device apparently allows you to backup game saves on 3DS and DS and also allows you to erase them.
Thanks for watching!
They could easily just fix this with a patch.
You know, 3DS games are... You can patch those.
Remember, Capcom, you can patch them.
You do this shit on consoles.
I mean, why don't you just say, hey, you know what?
We fucked up.
You guys want your save, reset stuff.
I'll tell you what.
We're going to go ahead and patch it in so you can reset your saves.
But no, they're being dicks, so... Fine.
That's fine.
I wasn't going to buy this game anyways, and... Even less reason to do so now.
Yeah, it's kind of one of those games that...
I probably wouldn't have bought it anyway, but I especially am not gonna buy it now.
Anyhow, let's move on to a story that's actually, I think this is kind of one of those pretty awesome stories I want to talk about here.
And this has to do with Dr. Stephen Hicks, who is a clinical neurologist at the University of Oxford.
He is working on some glasses that has technology that's inspired by Xbox 360 Kinect games, iPads.
And what these glasses are, they're to help blind folks see shapes and people better.
And it uses the technology of the Kinect and the iPads.
It's mostly for folks that can detect light But they can't fully see The glasses would use these cameras That would be on corners of the lenses To detect the information And then it would send it to a little computer Because everything is so tiny these days I guess it's all in the glasses The computer will then translate the information And transmit it to LEDs inside the lenses of the glasses And those LEDs would light up in patterns That you would be trained to understand
The Visor
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and so a person wearing these glasses, the laser could scan that QR code from a distance and tell that person in their ear, this is the bus that goes to market, you know, or whatever.
I mean, that's amazing.
That's actually a really good idea.
Copyright it real quick.
Patent pending.
Patent pending.
But you know what I mean.
I got to hand it to this guy.
I mean thinking to put the Kinect in glasses is a pretty good idea.
I'm just saying we have this very scan society where we scan codes and now it's an iPhone application.
Why can't the visor scan those codes?
That would be amazing.
Kaijudo says name them Kinect specs.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I read this and I go, it's going to help the blind see.
And I go, oh, that's a great thing.
But I'm not actually blind.
So I would like to hear from somebody to let me know if this is actually going to be a great thing.
They're actually also working on retinal patches that are supposed to rework the way the optic nerve takes in the information for cases of people with nerve damage.
Okay.
and it's actually very similar in theory because these are actually relaying it's like they've got these implants that relay information directly into the optic nerve so that people can quote see but it's a lot of the same theory too instead it's just a matter of instead of directing going directly into the nerve it's a matter of providing a projection a display that can be recognizable to people with that level of vision so yeah that makes sense
Kai Judo in the chatroom says, 800 Microsoft points if you want to keep seeing past three months.
That's wrong.
That's just wrong.
They do say that the goal is to bring in the glasses at under 1,000 pounds each.
Because remember, this is being researched at Oxford University.
But still, I mean, that sounds really expensive.
But for a piece of technology that you would use...
Everywhere, every day actually does not seem so bad at all and pretty affordable.
That's pretty awesome.
Misty in our chat room at chat.orange.radio.com says, Hey, pew-pewing QR codes is fun.
You know, there is something about those QR codes.
They're all ads for something, but yet she's right.
There's something about scanning those codes.
It's kind of fun.
but I'm just saying why not like really give those codes like a real practical purpose that could actually better society rather than just giving URLs to websites and things like that.
We actually put them up for events with a lot of the stuff that we do now on School for Advertising.
We actually include the QR codes for the charity events for student council stuff.
So they use them a lot in terms of passing along event information.
And I actually find them a lot of times, oddly enough, on Japanese blogs.
Interesting.
Oh, yeah.
Well, yeah.
They've been having to scan the code things for forever.
You know, mobile phones have always been more advanced over there.
It isn't until we got the iPhone when finally even they started looking at our phones going, hmm, we like that.
But I mean, for the longest time, they were far more advanced.
Remember the After Years, Final Fantasy IV, the After Years on the Wii?
That was originally a mobile phone game in Japan.
Well, keep in mind, too, is that cellular networks are cheaper than landlines overseas.
Yeah.
So it ended up becoming a much better market to develop as opposed to people here.
I still like my rotary phone.
I like the noises.
I do like my rotary phone.
It's not as good as having to actually call the operator and ask to be put through to Mrs. Cleaver.
Although, you know, if people go to Geek Life and click the link for ThinkGeek, you can buy a handset for your iPhone.
A rotary phone style handset for your iPhone.
You can also buy bacon mints on ThinkGeek.
Yes, you can.
Anyhow.
But follow the link.
Anyway, but back to... Are we going to get a kickback for that little plug you just said?
Maybe.
All right.
But back to the point, I mean...
it really has to do also with how far society itself is willing to advance because keep in mind I'm going to use an old comparison here Betamax and VHS if you look at the two side by side Betamax was the better format you had a better picture quality but it went to VHS because of funding because that's what got the push it's that way with any technology it depends on what's got the backing behind it
where you're say that you live in Japan and it's better to have a cell phone service you know then obviously that's where the money is that's where people are going to push the technology but here for the longest time it was all landlines you know cell phones were novel you had that big brick in your car you know but now it's kind of turning around like you know Dan and I don't have a landline
God, I remember my parents' first cell phone.
Like that fucker mounted in the middle of the car.
It was this giant handset you actually picked up.
It looked like it was connected to a car battery.
It looked like it caused cancer.
No, we went to a trip coming back from Washington one time when Dan's dad had his wedding.
Right soon after I moved out here.
So we're talking about, you know, late 90s.
And it looked like a phone attached to a car battery.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I really do.
Okay, who's seen Kill Bill?
And the phone that Sophie pops out in the flashback scene?
You know, that's what cell phones look like.
Yeah, yeah.
But my point is that it really depends on what market the money is going to be in.
God, I met a kid the other day, didn't know what a VHS tape was.
I think part of it was just trolling.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I would think even I am challenged to sit down, like imagine if I had to sit down and write a letter in cursive.
Like that would actually like take a minute to kind of like, okay, it'd be like some of the capital letters you don't write every day.
Actually, I take a lot of written notes, but I print, you know, but like if I had to write cursive, I don't really practice that.
I actually do practice my cursive.
She would make me sit down and practice my handwriting.
So to this day.
And then when I went and took typography, and we had to, basically what he had us do is start off with glyphs and then find out once our glyphs got to be a little bit more, just free drawing little glyphs.
And once they got to be more complex, then we said, okay, what letter does that look like?
And we'd practice full letter forms.
Mm-hmm.
and then pick that and go from there.
So it was talking about how written language evolved just from reflex in your hands.
My printed handwriting only got better when I started my job as a corporate trainer because I have to write on the whiteboard all the time and it's actually kind of embarrassing that my handwriting sucks.
And I know I'll be writing stuff on the board and I'm like, oh God, it looks like a seven-year-old is teaching this class.
Practice.
Yeah, well, you know, and I've been doing my job long enough now where it's gotten a lot better.
But, I mean, that's the whole point is that those handwriting skills aren't being focused on that much anymore.
So people are forgetting what should be a basic skill.
I mean, a lot of people are actually even forgetting the origins of their language.
Like, I posted something from Crack Today about words showing up in the dictionary, like girl, like the G-R-R-R-L.
Oh, right.
And I'm like, those aren't real words.
Those don't need to be there.
That's slang.
The one reason I would want to be an English teacher is to say if you use any text speak in a written paper, you automatically fail this entire class.
My second grade teacher was mean.
I'm not talking about... Okay, she was pregnant and then had her baby, so I think part of it might have been... Now that I'm an adult, it might have been postpartum.
But the first half of the semester, we had the sweetest lady as the substitute, and then the rest of the year is Miss Bitch Game.
Her name was Miss... I'm not going to say it.
I still remember her name.
But she used to just walk by and smack our hands every time we started doing a letter form wrong.
It's like, no, you're going to sit and you're going to start from the beginning and rewrite the whole thing.
But I think people are relying too much on their cell phones also to correct their spelling.
How much more often do you see people doing T-H-E-R-E when they mean a possessive there?
Oh, right.
I think people are relying too much on their autocorrect.
And it goes back to that same thing when I brought up Japan with people forgetting how to write, you know... I was even reading an article the other day about how a lot of the original kanji is actually now brought out in more simplified forms.
And people are forgetting how to write the old way.
But it's...
I think that having our computers and everything do this for us is making us all lazier as people.
And people are forgetting something that should just be something that you learn in first grade.
All right, OLR listeners.
Now, if you think maybe your handwriting can use some improvement, here's a chance.
Get a pen and paper, which might be a chore all in itself, but find a pen and paper and write down, the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog five times every day.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
DarkSakura, you're a design person.
You know why that, why is that sentence important?
Because it has every word in the alphabet, every letter in the alphabet.
Good job.
That's also why it's used for typeface samples.
But there's a few other sentences that have everyone.
I just can't remember.
But there's a few other.
Emma Gray, which is one of the type foundries that I follow, has different sample sheets out.
That whole like lorem ipsum.
No, not the lorem ipsum.
Different sentences that have the same, have the letters in them.
See, I'm trying to integrate the geeky design stuff into the show for you.
Thank you.
It makes me happy.
I'm throwing you a bone.
I had a squee, which is why I was showing you someone throwing up rainbows on somebody else.
I'll find the picture for the chat room.
All right.
Well, speaking of throwing up rainbows.
Here's some happy music for you.
They can always tell you that the classic game of the week is on its way.
Every week DarkSakura goes to the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks you ungrateful children should be checking out.
Especially if you've never had VHS in your life.
You probably have missed a lot of these games.
I had a Betamax player.
I had a Betamax player, too.
Sit down.
I had Clue on Betamax.
Sit down.
I had an 8-track player with a record player attached to it and transistor keys.
Hold up to the classic game of the week.
I had the record player that was built into the... Well, my family had the record player that was built into the shelf because the shelf was the speaker.
It was so big.
And we had Star Wars soundtrack on vinyl.
And I wish I still had that today because that thing's probably worth a shit ton of money.
Turn the page, bleep!
Oh yeah, well, I had a gramophone.
I had to fucking crank that shit if I wanted something to play.
My husband's laughing in the other room.
Actually, I'll tell you one thing that I did have.
I had an entire set of Voltron books on cassette.
BlackWolfInChat says, I had reel-to-reel biatches.
Dude, when I studied communication design in college, we had to learn.
Like, this is just, this is honestly, should I say this on the radio?
Say it.
I know.
No.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
with fucking tape and a wax pen where you listen to the thing and then you have to do the wax pen to cut out the words and all this stuff and guess how much I've used a wax tape in producing nine years that lasts longer than most radio shows do on commercial radio.
Guess how many times I've used a wax pen in the nine years of doing this show.
Zero.
Because the state school is not on the cutting edge technology.
but you could get drinks really cheap I can say this though the design program at Sac State is actually really top notch and some of the people are hiring directly from Sac State now well I'm sure things have changed and so forth but I'm just saying some people learn best from just being thrown in the pool and told you better fucking swim to me well there's a book I'm reading right now which by the way the review should be on Geek Life in a few days and I know it's ironic that I'm a teacher now but I'm a corporate trainer there's a big difference
But the book I'm reading is an autobiography of a big name in comics, and again, everyone will find out who it is.
But it's talking about how he broke into illustration and comics just by drawing all the time and then being hired because of his talent, because of his skill.
And learning how to do newspaper editing and airbrushing in the 30s by being said, here's your airbrush, these are your inks.
Anyway, I realize my opinion is a little bit controversial, but I just speak from real life experience.
I agree with you.
I realize some people out there may not and may even possibly be offended, but I'm just saying from my experience in my world, college did nothing for me, but fuck me up emotionally.
Like with the classes I've gone to, I know how to use the programs already, but I listen to my teachers who have been working in the field because I want their experience.
It's a better thing when you have a teacher that gives you real life experience because they're in it.
They're doing it.
As opposed to, oh, I got my master's and now I'm going to teach.
You know what I mean?
You can tell the difference.
But yeah, I'm sorry.
Anyhow.
Oh, you know what else I had?
I had all of the Gremlins records that they gave out at McDonald's with the Happy Meal.
I had the record that came free in the newspaper that sang the song about the big Mac McDLT, a quarter pounder with some cheese.
How do I remember that song?
I remember that fucking song!
I had the Fruit Loops one.
I'm a corporate whore.
Rob, I had the Fruit Loops one.
The one that came in on a Square album in a box of Fruit Loops.
It's like a fucking plastic record.
I know.
Okay.
I love how we went from throwing up rainbows.
You know you're old school when you've had a warped record and you fixed it yourself.
You know you're old school when you know that the best version of Alice in Wonderland they ever made was that TV movie in the 80s with Carol Channing.
I
Back to rainbows.
How about some classic games?
Well this, I'm taking us all the way back to 1996.
That was before I moved out here.
And I must thank my husband for turning me on to this series even though I did work for Namco for a little while.
But I didn't really give it much thought until my husband said, this game's awesome, we're gonna play it.
And it is Soul Edge.
Woo!
Soul Edge.
You got soul.
So, um, this is the intro, so we have to play a little bit of the intro.
Transcending history and the world, a tale of soul and swords, eternally retold.
Anyway, this game had... We've actually got this soundtrack.
It's so cool.
But anyway, this is from the PlayStation version, Soul Blade.
Anyway, Soul Edge is a 3D fighting game.
It was the second one that had characters with weapons, the first being Toshinden.
And this actually had... You know, everyone had their different style depending on their actual weapon.
Um...
Soul Edge Version 2 Soul Edge Version 2
Huang was put into that version as well.
He was actually originally a palette swap of Mitsurugi in the Korean version.
And you could play as Cervantes, who is the pirate who had the soul edge, the sword.
And they also put in air combos and guard impacts and everyone had upgraded moves.
It came out, like I said, on the PlayStation as Soul Blade.
And...
It was... Oh, you're playing... That's Cervantes' music.
I love that song.
It's so cool.
But anyway, everyone had their own little... Hold on.
Let me let the listeners have a peek at this music real quick.
Because I will say one thing I love... Start from the beginning.
One thing I love about these games is the soundtracks.
I mean, they're just flippin' amazing.
Here we go.
A little clip.
But, yes, that's actually, I think, my favorite piece in that game.
That's the arranged version, by the way, from the PlayStation version.
Because the PlayStation versions had arranged soundtracks, as well as the original soundtracks.
Nice.
At any rate, basically, you could move your character all along their little...
Stage area, and you had borders around the stage, so if you fell off of your little stage, then that was, you know, you'd die.
It's kind of hard, though, to jump off the stage.
Your jump was actually kind of, not really so much of a jump, but some characters had better jumps.
Um, there was also a weapon gauge, and it had your weapon's resistance on it.
And, um, when you would block an attack, your bar would deplete.
And if it emptied, you would lose your weapon.
And then you'd have to finish the match unarmed.
So, uh, basically, like, oops, my sword broke.
Oh, crap.
And, uh...
There were also locking moves too, so you'd have to press the button at the right time and see who could get out of it.
Everyone had one or two unblockable attacks, which actually came from the Tekken series.
And it was really hard to pull them off, so that kept it pretty balanced.
And then you had critical edge attacks that were like a long series of different links.
Kind of like, have you ever played in Tekken when you used King's Throws?
It's kind of the same deal.
Um, but then, um, there were different combinations of different attacks that would, you know, have a special sequence.
So, uh, on top of that, it would also deplete a third of the weapons gauge when you use it.
It was the ABK attacks.
It had an aggressive block, which is called Guard Impact, that would, uh, give you a free counterattack.
And then you also had, like I said earlier, a ring out.
You can't just jump out of the ring, you have to be thrown out of the ring.
The game itself, according to Namco, took place in 1584, and it's warriors searching for the Soul Edge.
It had different names, but it was pretty nasty.
Anytime someone had it, bad crap happened.
So it had all kinds of different characters.
You had Siegfried, you had Mitsurugi, who was your samurai.
You had Taki, who was your ninja girl.
Voldo!
Oh, Voldo.
He was Mr. Bondage Boy.
His weapon was a katar, the hand-mounted blade.
And he wore lots of strappy leather, I'm sure some of us recall.
And then there was...
Song Mina, Seung Ha Myung
And it kept all the Soul Edge version 2 and 5 unlockable characters, including the Soul Edge, the boss of the game.
And it had Arcade Mode, Versus Mode, Survival, Team Battle, Time Attack, and Training.
It had an RPG mode called Edge Master Mode, so you could basically go through a story.
It had it like they were a character in a book, so it was kind of neat.
and you had extra versions of different weapons that had more power or more strength or durability and like I said also you had an arranged soundtrack and the arcade soundtrack and then you had the con super session which that's the album that we have is the con super session that is this band their stuff is really really good stuff
So it is probably one of the best fighting games ever, I think.
I think a lot of people have a lot of love for this game.
Admittedly, I didn't get into this series until Soul Calibur 2, the arcade version, which still is one of my favorite GameCube games they ever made.
That's actually from this intro that we're listening to music off of.
It's off the Japanese intro.
Because they had to put clothes on Sofatia.
In the scene where she's in the water and Hephaestus is coming out of the water to talk to her.
She's naked in the Japanese version.
They had to put clothes on her in the American one.
Thank you for watching!
including some rapid fire news when we get back.
Twitter topics.
Get your tweets in.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
You get about five more minutes to get those in if you're listening live on Sunday nights.
And some more news stories and of course your calls.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radios.
Don't go anywhere.
We'll be back after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live here on this July 10th, 2011 with episode number 419 of our show, which you know means next week is episode 420.
Not that, you know, any of us are...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and Understation Live, the show where I started on internet radio.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And it occurred to me, I don't know if you saw my reply to a post on our private guilds forums, but that night I was so mad.
I think you said something to me, DarkSakura, and I was like, this game can suck my fucking dick, good night.
And I was like, it didn't occur to me until like two days later.
I was like, oh God, did she think I said that to her?
Because I wasn't saying that to her.
You said some acronym that I didn't understand at the time.
And then afterwards I was like, oh, that's what it is.
Because you said VTK'd.
And I was like... Oh, vote kicked.
Yes.
Vote kicked.
They VTK'd me.
Yeah, VTK'd me.
Whatever.
But I was like... My reply I remember was, what?
And he's like, this game can suck my dick.
I'm going, bye.
And I'm sitting there just staring at my computer going...
Who's gonna play with me now?
I had a diva moment where I stormed off the set.
Seriously, that's exactly what it was like.
And I like, I seriously, I sat there for 10 minutes.
I had time for my character to go on away and sit down and pout.
But I mean, I was like, I was trying to figure out what's going on.
So I started looking it up online.
I was emotionally raped by a guild on another server with that vote.
Do the troll dungeons link to other servers?
Oh yeah, they all do.
I didn't know about that.
Oh yeah, they all do.
So be careful.
Yeah, Loki, you were going to ask a question.
Oh no, I was just going to say, speaking of voting the kick up, prior to the mods being patched on the Grand Theft Auto, when we were playing just regular private matches, my coworkers would usually try to vote to kick me out of the game because I'd be kicking the crap out of them.
I was like, vote him out, he's being...
That's ignorant that somebody would vote kick just because they're good.
They think it's funny.
That's what I keep telling myself is that this guild couldn't just handle my beauty so that's why they had to vote kick me.
Anyway, more information on that at HordeHouse.com We told you about the stupid bitch we had.
Thanks for watching!
I just want to run through this really fast.
I don't care about anybody else.
We can only do the last one.
And then she starts getting really foul.
And then she's like saying, let's vote to kick the tank.
And I'm like, bitch, no.
I was like, do you read that all of us are in the same guild and you're not?
See, you should have vote kicked her.
I started.
I did.
I requested a vote kicker three times.
And it didn't pass.
It did on the third time.
Because it did that delay thing.
I was not a rude cunt.
No, you're nice.
I've got screen capture.
She was that bad.
Okay, I'm going to tell you something, everybody.
And it doesn't matter if you're on World of Warcraft or whatever MMO that you're on.
Be nice.
You don't get anything from being a bitch or, you know, blaming everything on the tank.
Or a troll.
I mean, there's so many, so many trolls in WoW, and it's really like, what do you really get?
Like, this is masturbation for you.
I can't think of anything else that, like, trolling accomplishes other than, like, jacking yourself off.
Well, I'm going to give a few pieces of advice.
Huh.
DarkSakura.com
Well, that's rule number one of the OL Army, which I know we don't talk about that a lot.
But, you know, we do have a Steam group.
We do have several gaming groups available online.
You know, with all the Steam sale orgy stuff going on right now, if you're not in the OL Army group, I don't know what you're doing.
Because the rule number one of the OL Army is don't be a dick.
And so, you know, you should come join us on Steam.
And more information is at OrangeLingerie.com in that little extend play box on the left side.
Well, number two refers to how you treat your tank.
It's a three strike rule.
Number one, if your tank doesn't flat out say, I've never tanked this before and they're doing a bad job, stop and explain the mechanic to them if you happen to know it.
If they still act shitty, give them one more try and if they are just derpy, say, sorry, we need you to leave.
That really doesn't just apply to tanks.
I think that can go for anybody in any MMO.
It doesn't even have to be WoW.
I mean,
And sometimes people make mistakes.
Like, I've started using, you know, when you hit V and the little life bar show up.
I accidentally targeted a creature in a group over because the little name tag was, like, right next to the one I was targeting.
And so I made a boo-boo, but I, you know, went and resheaped everybody and everyone was happy.
But it's just like...
Don't point fingers.
Don't lay blame.
If someone is truly bad, a good party will hold them through it.
If they are being bad on purpose, then say, sorry, you need to practice this one a little bit more.
Play with your guildies for a bit.
I will not be in a party unless there's one other guildie with me.
I just won't do it.
I did it once, though, on my first troll heroic.
My third rule.
If you are not on your game, you need to step back.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
or if I'm having a bad night I'll say you know what I'm just not into this I'm going to have to back out because I'm holding everyone back you need to be able to say to take enough responsibility on yourself that you're not going to ruin somebody else's good time so those are
My three rules for playing with other people Words of sage wisdom from an OMG real life girl Yes Alright Speaking of MMOs I can't remember if I told this story last week So stop me if I'm repeating myself I'm getting old and I forget an old age But Salacious Pop did a really big troll on me Because of the Steam sale that's going on I was mentioning just offhand something about I wonder what Final Fantasy XI is like these days And you know, gosh I'd be really curious what's going on in XI these days
So I open up Steam.
You have been gifted a copy of Final Fantasy XI, the complete Uber edition, including the new Abyssia expansion.
It's 11 bucks.
I look over at Alan and I go, you're such a fucking troll.
So that is actually downloading at home right now.
Not that I'm going to log in and play right away, but yeah.
I do have 30 days of that that I can check out at some point.
Oh, mine finally finished.
I downloaded Champions.
Oh, I was like, did you download XI?
No way.
Oh, you downloaded Champions, the free, yeah.
You know what?
If someone gave me $11 so I could get Final Fantasy XI, Rob, I would play with you.
Just to see how lulzy it is now.
Mm-hmm.
But somebody has to give you $11.
Good luck on that.
Or just send it to me on Steam.
It's so easy now.
All right.
Dan's in the other room saying, no more momos.
No more momos.
But it's only 30 days, Dan.
That's... He's yelling.
That's how Warcraft started.
And he goes, fucking Rob.
Yeah, I know, I know.
All right, let's move on.
We need to do some rapid-fire news and talk about some other stuff going on in the gaming world.
Loki.
Yeah, speaking of Final Fantasy, there's a Final Fantasy game coming to the 3DS, although this may not be the Final Fantasy game you're looking for.
It's Final Fantasy...
Now Cloud can dance like never before.
Funny that you should mention Cloud because actually I think I see someone in that picture that looks very similar to a TV Cloud.
I'm just imagining Busta Moves songs in my head with the characters replaced with Cloud and it's really funny to me.
I don't know why.
It looks kind of neat.
I like rhythm games.
I like Final Fantasy so maybe I'd check it out.
For people looking for a Final Fantasy RPG that's brand new and everything, not quite what you're looking for here.
But I'd check it out.
It looks kind of neat.
It's like two fanboy worlds colliding.
Pretty much, yeah.
And then, on top of that, Harmonix is, of course, working on a new IP called VidRhythm, and that's literally all we know about that.
They've just confirmed, yeah, there's something that we can add to it at this time, but yes, we are working on that project.
So maybe a new Rez-type game or something like that.
Maybe, Kenny.
We'll see.
and then finally this is kind of neat Rockstar is trademarked Rockstar Films and apparently people are thinking hey you know what they did mention one time that if someone was going to make Grand Theft Auto into a movie that it would be them they said that they would be the ones that would want to handle that
So maybe we'll see some movies coming from them.
Actually, I could see something like L.A.
Noire or something like that as a movie from them because it's a little bit more of a linear story.
Grand Theft Auto would be a little bit kind of crazy.
I don't know if they could do that, but neat that they'd be turning some of their games into movies.
Neat!
Which would you rather have first, a Grand Theft Auto movie or a Red Dead Redemption movie?
Because I would think Red Dead Redemption would make a better movie.
Maybe that's just me.
Of course.
You know, I never realized you have a thing, because usually I beat you here to the show, so I don't see your car pull up a whole lot, but tonight I was late thanks to an accident.
So I pull up behind you, and I never realized you had a license plate frame that said, I'd rather be playing Grand Theft Auto.
Yes, I got that a few months back.
That's nice.
All right, some other quick news here.
An interesting spinoff of the Burnout series that's coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Burnout Crash, apparently, is coming out.
By interesting, you mean terrible.
The thing that's interesting about it to me is it's that whole top-down look.
It looks like... Remember...
Ivan, Iron Man, Stewart, Super Offroad
Now granted, I didn't look at the trailer, so let me look at the trailer, because maybe it is kind of poopy if I see it in motion.
They have two different trailers.
No, I do not like the look of freshly colored hair.
You shut your mouth.
See, that's the thing about Joystick, is they always have commercials for hair products for women.
That is such a wrong demographic.
I can't wait until I see a douche commercial come up on one of these trailers.
That and like, you know, hey...
your children are visiting the internet you should use AOL's blah blah blah to lock down the internet do you have rampant vaginitis?
I don't know if this trailer is going to show gameplay because they had a teaser one that didn't have any gameplay in it but the gameplay trailer or little preview not good let me do the YouTube thing instead of trying to go to a gaming news website I'll just go direct to YouTube
um but anyways if crash time it's basically you know the crash mode that they had in the other games which hey you know what if they wanted to bring that over into its own game and make it look like the regular burnout games but just be all the crash mode i'd be fine with that so
This is an Xbox Live arcade game, right?
This is fun!
It also supports Kinect.
Notice the hopping up and down icon right there.
Yes, in order to make cars explode, you have to hop up and down.
I can turn that bullshit off, right?
Oh, fuck it.
I won't play with that on.
Blow up the pizza truck.
This looks like Super Sprint mixed with Burnout.
I think this is actually kind of rad looking.
Of course, there's not a lot going on right now.
I guess it would be better if they were actually driving faster or something.
It's got fire.
Instead of just causing a 20-car pileup.
Well, that's the point.
See, the car pileups or whatever and destruction, it causes your little meter to build up and then you can explode your car.
Oh, that's like, there was a mode like that in one of the older Burnout games.
Yeah, crash mode.
That's what this is based off of.
But that's the thing, though, is I really wish it was in that format and not necessarily this.
Because the Kinect functionality, they have it where you drive the car, like you make
10 and 2, Steering Wheel Motions or whatever, and then you have the hop up and down to make your car slow.
Which I hate.
I played that racing game.
It's terrible.
Yeah.
I just don't like it.
Anyhow, one game I do like is Torchlight, and Runic Games announced that Torchlight surpassed a million units sold.
This would be across the PC, the Mac, and the 360.
They haven't said how much on what system, but considering it's been discounted on Steam several times, I'm pretty sure that helped.
Just like it helped sell Lady Gaga a million albums when Amazon sold it for 99 cents.
Anyhow, Runic is right now working on Torchlight 2.
They are still targeting 2011 for the launch, but they won't announce a release date until Runic is closer to being done.
You can tell that the employees were from Blizzard, a big chunk of them, because Blizzard does that same damn thing where it's like, it will come out when it's ready.
Kojima, Hideo Kojima, of course, known for the Metal Gear series, but also known for a series that was popular in Japan, Snatcher, which kind of has a cult following here, announced on the latest edition of his Hideo Radio podcast, apparently he is going back to something he had announced several years ago, but nothing ever came of it.
He's basically re-announced that a radio drama inspired by the 1998 cyberpunk game Snatcher
that's been scripted by Suda51 called S.D.
Atcher.
It's kind of a spin on Suda51's name.
This is the Team Up Project S thing.
It's a radio drama.
It will be released to coincide with the 300th episode of Hiday Radio, and Akira Yamaoka is going to be doing the music.
So judging by the fact that they're on episode 296 now, you'll be able to find this episode 300.
They come out biweekly, so 300 will be in about, what,
DarkSakura
Well, in other news, we do have some costumes for LittleBigPlanet 2, the Final Fantasy 7 pack.
There's going to be, from what I can see on here, we have Aerith, who cares, Tifa, we have Vincent, yay, Cloud, and Sephiroth.
Well, if you have Aerith, you can just jump her off a cliff over and over.
No, if you've got Aerith, you just have to stab her over and over.
Or just hold the square and watch her head explode.
Because remember, in LittleBigPlanet 2, you can explode your little guy.
Okay.
That, okay, that makes it worth it.
The Sephiroth one's kind of funny looking for the record.
And then, now I actually saw the trailer for this in the theater for Tekken Blood Vengeance.
And I was like, this looks really cool, I'm gonna see that.
It is a one-night-only U.S.
showing that's going to be before the Japanese release by a little over a month.
And it has 20 minutes of interviews with the tech and staff, including the screenwriter Dai Sato.
He also was behind Cowboy Bebop.
Is this going to be one of those horrible live events at the theater things that you always see the commercials for?
Like the whole, like, see Coldplay take the stage at Madison Square Garden at your local theater.
It is like one of those.
No.
You get to see the movie.
No, no, I know, I know, but don't you ever see the commercials of the movies for these things?
Well, yeah.
Well, those are Fathom Events things.
That, Fathom Events.
A night at the Metropolitan.
And they are going to be doing, it is the same thing, because they do this, it's very limited theaters that they do it in.
Because they've done other anime things, like they did the Death Note movie, and the live action Death Note movie, and stuff like that.
Rob, we went to see Escaflowne.
I didn't go to that I thought you went with us to see Ascophonians I know, I remember a bunch of people went to that San Francisco Nope, never seen it They'll probably do this with the Trigon movie when it comes out I've seen a bunch of movies I saw Perfect Blue in the theater You went to see Perfect Blue with me, that was it No, I haven't seen that either I don't think, there's not a lot of animes I've seen in the theater I saw Howl's Moving Castle You've seen Requiem for a Dream, haven't you?
No
That's like Salacious Pop's favorite movie.
Yeah, but the guy was a fan of the director of Perfect Blue.
He actually fully ripped a scene from it.
By the way, there's totally a new Studio Ghibli film coming out in a couple weeks in Japan.
I had no idea.
There's actually one that just came out already out there, but I want to come out here really desperately.
It's called Kurigurashi no Ariete, which is the borrower Ariete from the books The Borrowers.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm going to see the movie.
I really want to see the movie.
Because I am a huge Tekken fangirl.
But it's all CG.
So it's going to be really cool.
And it's going to be on July 26th.
And then it will be six hours of gorgeous Tekken gooey mess.
You know what?
For OLR's 10th anniversary show, I think we should hook up with Fathom Events and make it a one night in the theater special.
And DarkSakura will just have to deal with being on the big screen for a night.
I don't know how expensive that is, but I know that they do that for Riff Trax.
Do they?
It's expensive, but I think it's moderately expensive.
Okay, OLR Army, call your local theater and demand the OLR 10th anniversary special to come to Fathom Events.
I'll have a mask made.
That would be weird.
I don't know.
Yeah, we're packing theaters, all right.
Well, now that we've sat you down and you've paid $10 to come see our big mugs in your local movie theater, we thought, what should we do that's special for this 10th year anniversary show?
Barrett Vision 3D.
So we're going to have Extifer bleach his asshole live right in front of you on the camera.
We'll have an X rating.
It'll be rated X for extifers, bitched asshole.
It'll be like the time that Katie Couric got her colonoscopy on the Today Show.
Come on.
Anyway, in other news, Resident Evil HD versions are going to be coming out on Xbox.
On Xbox 360.
We will have Code Veronica X and Resident Evil 4.
And they will have 1,000 achievement points.
Ooh.
So, yay.
But it's going to have... Here's some of the achievements for Code Veronica.
There's The Terror Begins, Escape from the Graveyard of Terror.
A Change Father, Liberate the Changed Man, um, there's ones for encountering former S.T.A.R.S.
captains, so basically it's stuff that happens in the game anyway.
Um, and, uh,
Actually, there's a comparison up of the... You just have to look around on the internets, but there's a comparison between Resident Evil 4, the original, and the HD version.
Since I don't have my GameCube hooked up anymore, or my... I mean, I can always use the Wii, but my friends borrowed Resident Evil 4.
Like, I'm actually really interested in this.
Because unlike some people in the room, I really liked Resident Evil 4.
I didn't dislike Resident Evil 4, but I loved Code Veronica.
And I liked the second one best.
All right.
Because the two that are supposed to look like Leonardo DiCaprio totally got killed AkumaJP in the chatroom is asking, will I be able to save?
Yes, you just will not be able to erase those saves As long as you have enough typewriter ribbon Perfect answer, DarkSakura, perfect answer I'm actually going to link the articles in the chatroom so people can watch the comparison Amazing
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send us your tweets as our listeners do every week.
And we will go through some of those tweets right now.
And let's see.
First off, I want to do a tweet from Mad Gear Store who tweeted a bunch of people saying that there's a nice game selection in California Extreme and tweeted us a picture of some of the Bomani that was going up there.
And I gotta say, I'm actually kind of sad.
I'm actually, no, I'm not kind of sad.
I'm really sad that actually I missed California Extreme.
It just, it was just on a bad weekend this year.
I had a lot going on this weekend, you guys.
And I think the others did too.
And it's just hard.
I could have gone this morning, but I couldn't have justified paying 30 bucks and only being there about four hours, which is what would have happened.
They all pack up the last day anyway.
So I would have wanted to be there yesterday like all night long.
So, unfortunately, I couldn't make that happen.
Blue Swim tweeted us earlier in the week going, I usually listen to podcasts as I'm going to sleep.
Had several episodes of OLR playing and I ended up dreaming about them.
Is that creepy that people like dream of us?
We didn't hear what was in the dream.
Hopefully it wasn't an erotic dream.
I don't think it was.
Redertainment sent a tweet earlier.
I actually responded to it, but I wanted to bring it up on the show.
Redertainment asked, so when are you going to incorporate Google Plus into the show?
This is the new social network everyone's talking about.
We like to be on the cutting edge of those types of things.
As soon as we find a way to do it, we will.
Google has actually asked that small and medium businesses stop making personal profiles because they will roll out a business thing, kind of like how Facebook has business pages.
They're going to roll that out later in the year, I guess.
So as long as we can do it for free or really cheap...
We're going to look at doing something like that where we can keep our fans posted.
Assuming that Google Plus has something you want.
And you know, we're gamers like you.
And if this whole thing ends up being spam, spamity, spam, spam, we wouldn't do that.
We're not going to contribute to that.
But, you know, if it's a place where you can be in a community and talk about games and meet other people that don't want to be jerks when playing online games, then I'm all for that.
So...
but Google Plus, it's biggest problem right now is that there's not a lot there, like you can see what they're building and a lot of people are really liking what they see in the foundation but there's certainly a lot of other people who look at Google Plus and go, there's fucking nothing there right now, it's so vanilla so, I think Google Plus just needs some time to grow and then we can really see what we can do with it MNZiba you alright there?
is a bug attacking you?
is a fly attacking you for massive damage?
Hit its weak point.
There you go.
She got a Kleenex and hit its weak point.
Squished it to death.
I broke one of its wings.
Yikes.
And then Ziba sends us a tweet saying, this video made me go back to FFXI or Final Fantasy XI.
How many of these scenes have you seen in game?
So I'm looking at a little scenery, a little quaint scene of plants growing.
I don't know what this is.
It's supposed to be like a... I've got to skip ahead a little bit.
I think it's just some of the pretty shit in-game set to pretty music.
You know what?
I've got to say, it's funny.
You know, you sent this tweet before I told my story at the top of the break about how I got Final Fantasy XI bought for me.
But it actually was thinking about a lot of the great scenery and ambience in that game, you know, despite the dated graphical technology, that had me thinking like...
I wonder what it looks like now like I wonder if they've made some changes and why Final Fantasy 14 was so fucking disappointing because it should have been 11 improved in high def but instead it was 11 flushed down a toilet in high def and that was what was very disappointing about it Red Entertainment sent us another tweet saying I'd like to start the rumor that the PlayStation 4 will feature Body Movin' the hit song from the Beastie Boys
Get it?
Because it rips off the Kinect.
Get it?
Spazernator tweets us and says, No news on free PlayStation Network videos for a while with the fact that my system being dead and needing to be repaired.
Yeah, I heard about this.
I guess he got the yellow light of death on the PlayStation.
He does not have good luck with PlayStation.
Yet he supports it.
They're trying to tell you something.
I know.
Rude Sony.
Rude, rude Sony.
SGO100 Matt tweets us, has Hollywood really run out of ideas?
The Space Invaders movie rights have been optioned.
And tweets us to a story, I guess, I thought this had already happened some time ago.
But it's making the rounds again.
The title classic arcade game Space Invaders has been optioned by veteran Hollywood producers.
The film rights were optioned by Lorenzo de Benaventura, who made Transformers, G.I.
Joe, and Salt.
and Oddlot Entertainment, who is behind upcoming movies Drive and Ender's Game.
I guess they've also optioned Asteroids.
Ah, I see.
Last year, Warner Brothers allegedly was seeking the Space Invaders rights itself, but that venture fell through.
Where would you make a fucking movie out of Space Invaders?
Like, wouldn't it just be Independence Day, but called Space Invaders?
Yes.
They're never going to make a better alien film than Independence Day.
But the soundtrack would be bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
No, well, the new Space Invaders games have fucking rad soundtracks.
Like, that would be cool.
How about a techno-rave version of Independence Day?
Yeah.
There you go.
Today is our Independence Day.
DJ Ranma S sent us a tweet.
Pac-Man to become a reality show.
Didn't this come up on last week's show?
I have a little question mark over my head.
I guess I'll quickly read this, but I guess Pac-Man is coming to life with a new reality series.
Merv Griffin Entertainment is developing an unscripted show about the pellet-eating yellow blob chased by Inky, Binky, Pinky, and Clyde.
It's to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the video game.
It's a big, crazy, wipeout-type event with a lot of energy.
The idea we have is to take what Pac-Man is and bring it to life.
DarkSakura.com.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
to hide $100,000.
And if they can keep the money hidden from the feds for 48 hours or something like that, like actual federal agents that try to chase them down and the money for themselves, because the fed agents are competing for the money.
Like if they can find it in 48 hours and they get to keep it.
And I'm like, that sounds kind of awesome.
Like I like shows about like that type of stuff.
I would do that.
You would do, how would you hide the money?
It's very, how would you win that show?
You package it up, send it second day air to somewhere, to your house or something like that.
But couldn't the federal agents trace everywhere you've been and your steps and the packages you've sent?
No.
You immediately invest it.
Steve McQueen Movies
I'll tell you what, look, I'm a game show addict.
I grew up on old school match game and USA Network game shows like Scrabble and Press Your Luck and all that shit.
Did you watch Bumper Stumpers?
I fucking love Bumper Stumpers.
That shit was awesome.
But I'll tell you, my favorite reality game show they ever did
Outro Music
DarkSakura.com
I hate flies.
Now keep in mind, I usually comfort myself by saying they'll die in two days anyway because they have a really short lifespan.
But this fly has been buzzing all over my damn house so I have a feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction and damn it, I deserve a Twinkie.
Alright, we have a lot of fucking tweets today, but I gotta get through some of these others Okay, Sterlok tweets us, and now remember I said I wanted to hear from blind gamers?
Sterlok, I know, is a blind gamer, and tweets us about the whole glasses story from part A The glasses thing is actually pretty neat Don't have enough usable vision for that, but like the concept So, unfortunately, you know, it's not gonna work for everybody But it's still cool that it will help some people I think that's still really cool, and I think Sterlok sees that too
TigerClaw305 tweets us saying, Katamari creator working on a different kind of MMO.
What kind of MMO would the person behind Katamari Damacy make?
Let's see.
TinySpec, a small developer founded by former Flickr employees.
Wasn't Spec the name of PeeWee Herman's dog in the PeeWee's Big Adventure movie?
Speck!
Yeah.
I thought you were talking about what was in his pants.
Shut up.
Announced today that Takahashi, who is the guy behind Katamari Damacy, moved from Tokyo to Vancouver to contribute to Glitch, its web-based MMOs.
Ooh, there's even a trailer.
Let's take a look real quick.
He actually got hired to design a playground.
Well, yeah, I knew he was doing the playground, but I see all these people, like little avatars, and they're jumping around like it looks like a 2D platformer game.
There's something LittleBigPlanet-ish about this to me.
I'm not saying that's what the game is, but it's just LittleBigPlanet on mushrooms.
and that's what this game is.
It looks kind of like Gaia.
There was a wheel and I quickly caught the text on that and it said booty prize.
I said booty.
Anyway, it looks a little silly.
That's kind of cool.
I guess if it's free, I'll check it out.
But if it's not, I'll have to hear more about it to see if it's worth it.
One more tweet from Tigerclaw.
Nintendo researching mobile phone possibilities.
That's kind of a big deal.
How did I miss that one?
Think about it, guys.
Let's see.
Saturo Water responded to a fantastic question pitched at a recent shareholder Q&A that began, I own some shares, but I do not have any Nintendo products.
Basically, I think games are a waste of time, and therefore I would like a product that has value added to it so that even I would buy one.
Let's see.
I gotta say, no disrespect to the tweet or the story or what have you, but this sounds like a whole lot of nothing.
This sounds like a whole lot of absolutely nothing.
This sounds like Iwata just completely dodging this question.
He didn't want to tell the guy, no, we're not doing a fucking mobile phone.
He just wanted to give this big answer about...
Well, if we did that, we'd have to do this and this, but it's something we're always looking into.
Oh, so that they'll say, oh, it's something we may be looking into, but when it comes to actually, you know, talking about games that they're porting over, oh, that, no.
I had my hopes up that this was going to be a story about, like, I don't know, Mario Brothers on my iPhone or something.
How silly of me.
How silly of me.
WatchDragon tweets us saying, going old school, just beat Tyrion.
Does anyone remember Tyrion?
anyone?
it was an epic epic mega games shooter from 94 and the minute I saw a screen I admit I cheat and I googled it because I'm like what is this and the minute I saw a screenshot I'm like I played that fucking game back when it was shareware I guess the whole thing was released in 2007 as or no freeware in 04 and the graphics are open license as of April of 07 that's kind of cool
Where can you download this game?
I'll give a shout out for the download.
Let's see.
Official Tyrian repository, freewebs.com slash worldtreegames.
There you go.
One more tweet.
Last tweet.
Alpha Cananagram tweets us, Did y'all talk about Play for Japan coming out today?
Sorry, many distractions on my end today.
Actually, we didn't.
It hasn't come up yet, so we should say that the Play for Japan album is out today.
So if you have not checked it out in iTunes to see if it's something you want to get and help out a good cause, you probably should do that after the show.
Play for Japan is out.
That does it for Twitter tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to get in on a future week.
Back to gaming news.
Loki.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Distracted by a very, very strange picture of Katy Perry for some reason.
Why is it that she has, like, that?
I don't understand it.
That doesn't make any sense.
Why is she famous?
Exactly.
She's famous because she's willing to wear a dress that has whipped cream dispensers on her nipples.
That is why she is famous.
I gotta admit, she does have some good songs, but sometimes I feel like she's a better songwriter than...
And she does have some good nipples, so, you know, that makes sense.
Nintendo is actually in the line again for another lawsuit.
You know, if it's not motion sensors, it's now going to be 3D.
So they are facing a lawsuit over the 3DS technology, mainly the screen.
Of course, a company that you've probably never heard of before, Tomata Technologies has a patent suit against Nintendo because they have the patent for technology relating to displaying stereoscopic images on screen for viewing with the naked eye, i.e.
without glasses or other devices.
Filed in 2003, granted in 2008.
and of course they've run up suits for the Wii Fit, GameCube, classic controllers, controller ports, etc.
The funny thing about this though is Nintendo doesn't make those screens.
Sharp does.
Oops.
So Nintendo licensed the screen technology from Sharp or whatever or contracted Sharp to put those screens in?
and some of the people they were commenting as expected googled automata technologies feels the only notable thing they've ever done is sue Nintendo so once again one of those patent sniping companies I guess patent trolls I feel like patent trolls need a theme song here on the show we'll have to look into that for the future
Anyhow, I'm glad I waited to buy this game because the new version that's coming out on PlayStation Network sounds kind of awesome.
It's Castlevania Harmony of Despair.
If you don't remember this game, it's the HD Castlevania game that was released almost a year ago on the Xbox 360.
It's finally coming out to the PlayStation 3, but the good news is your wait may pay off because the PSN version of the game, it will come with a new local four-player cooperative mode and
including the six player online mode.
There's also going to be the beauty, desire, situation, desire map pack and some extra carriers, carriers, characters that will carry whips and other weapons.
Julius Belmont and Yoko Belenades.
So kind of cool.
Yeah, I, you know, I played the demo of this game and I was kind of like, eh, but I have a lot of friends that are really into it and I think I need to give it a second chance.
So I will definitely check it out on PSN.
So yeah, very cool.
DarkSakura.
In other news, for fans of Nights Like Me, there is an OC Remix album put out.
It's called Lucid Dreaming.
It is a free download.
And it has 25 arrangements and two bonus tracks from Nights Into Dreams.
And it's actually put out as an anniversary release because 15 years ago it came out on Sega Saturn.
So it is available at lucid.ocremix.org And I am going to be downloading the crap out of this when I'm done You love Nights, right?
Oh yeah, Nights is fun, although it always made me motion sick But yeah, it's an overclocked remix The whole album is overclocked, so That's cool
OC Remix has been getting more and more exposure, it seems, over the years.
Like, you know, didn't they do the remix soundtrack for the Street Fighter 2 remix?
I think they said this is their 26th album that they've done.
Well, yeah, but doesn't this have some type of backing by Sega, or no?
This is just a fan thing.
I think it was just a fan thing.
Oh, my bad.
I thought for some reason it was like an endorsed thing.
Well, still really cool.
Yeah.
No, they've done a few fan albums, like the Final Fantasy VII one.
There was probably several, more than one.
I think there was a Mega Man one, too, so yeah, I'm not surprised.
That's cool.
I'm looking, actually, at the website under About, and no, it doesn't say that.
It just says Fan Project, so I'll link the website in the chat room.
All right.
Loki.
Loki.
You know, it was a matter of time, and we even hinted that this is something that may happen, and sure enough, Sony has announced, or I shouldn't even say they've announced, it was mainly found out that they were going to be doing this, and then they acknowledged, yeah, we're doing it.
There is now going to be a PlayStation Network pass on first-party games from Sony.
Basically, this is just like the other online passes, Project $10, whatever the fuck you want to call it,
Could it be $10?
It could be $10.
It could be $5.
That's what other companies are doing.
I don't like this trend at all.
I mean, just...
I don't know
I'm sorry, it's just like if you use it, they're using the excuse, well, if you buy it used, the developer doesn't get any of that money.
No, they already got that money when the game was purchased new.
I don't understand.
But you should buy all your games new.
Oh, it's a stupid argument.
Just like you buy all your CDs new and just like how you buy all your clothes new and there's no such thing as a thrift store.
You know, Macy's doesn't get money when you buy that used clothes at a garage sale.
Too bad.
Then you need to make your games better so that those people think that it's worth paying $60 for or you need to drop your prices down to a reasonable amount where people feel it's necessary to buy.
I'm sorry, it's just after all the bullshit that they've done with other things, I don't know why people put up with it.
Let me put it this way, if you're still interested in playing this game online and buying it new is not for you, what I recommend doing is waiting a good year before it drops down in price.
If that's not good enough for you, then you better buy that sucker new.
Or, just shop around, because a lot of people drop the prices of those games at launch, the
DarkToyGax in our chatroom saying whoop whoop whoop 0% chance of buying PS3 now oops
I hope Microsoft is smart and decides not to do this.
I hope that they say, hey, you know what?
We're not going to jump on this bandwagon because I have a feeling that it's one of either way.
They're either going to jump on it because everybody else is doing it or they're going to hold strong and say, hey, you know what?
We don't need to do that because it's going to look really bad if they do it because they're charging for online and then they're charging again for you to get access on.
No, I don't know.
That's where I'm kind of at with Dark Togek because I'm like, you know, okay, I understand why you're pissed off at Sony, but I'm a little worried that this is just the first of everybody jumping on board with this.
Of course, I don't buy a lot of games used, but I kind of like having that option available to me.
Well, here's the other thing, though.
It's not necessarily used.
Especially when they go out of print.
It's also rentals.
If you're going on Gamefly or something like that and you want to play the online portion of this, well, you're fucking out of luck.
Unless you want to pay $10 or whatever.
Alright, let's move on.
I want to talk about a Facebook game.
Yes, a Facebook game, but this is one that's been making a lot of heads turn this week.
Civilization World finally launched on Facebook.
How do you like that?
Remember how I bitched about how I didn't have an invite?
Well, I did get one later that night, so thank you, DarkTetsuya, for hooking me up with that.
But then not even three days later, it went public.
and which is fine at least I got to have like a somewhat early look at it but yeah Civilization World is a new Facebook game and it's turning a lot of people's heads because a lot of people are going this is a really good game and it's a Facebook game I gotta be honest
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
But anyhow, I was playing some of the game, and one of the things I really like about it is that you work with a nation.
You can join a nation to kind of better yourselves, and you're supposed to be working with these people so that you can beat other nations and you can get the technologies you need to advance yourself as a nation.
But at the same time, you're kind of against these same people.
Because there's also competition going on amongst you guys for who is on top of your nation.
And whoever's on the top of your nation gets more votes and a bigger say to drive the entire nation.
So I kind of like that whole teamwork with a knife to your back type of thing.
There's something about that kind of gameplay that's actually really rad.
And I think that's the element that this game has that no other Facebook game has.
And why the rest of it being a really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Zynga just is not capable of gaming an invention like this right now because I think they're just all about, you know, pushing out clones of what's essentially the same damn game between the Mafia Wars and the Sorority Wars and the Farmvilles and the Cityvilles and whatevervilles, so...
So yeah, Civ World.
The story is that yes, it is launched on Facebook.
So if you are waiting for an invite, why wait?
Go play.
The game may be down for maintenance or something though.
But yeah, in some of the reviews I'm hearing is that it has a lot of the just one more turn quantities of Civilization.
And yeah, that's kind of true, but there is a point where there isn't a lot to do but hover your mouse over waiting for little bonus science outputs and things like that.
But I don't know.
It's kind of fun.
I think it's better than most Facebook games I've ever played.
You know what's more fun than a Facebook game, though?
Emails!
And the emails you send to us every week at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com DarkSakura's gonna dive into the Mailbag right now and read some emails for us to respond to.
We actually got something from Holly.
Hi, Holly!
About the Commercial Felony Streaming Act.
So thanks for reporting on this.
I've contacted my senator and my congressman, and I've sent it on to my friends and family.
Hopefully, if everyone tells them no, we can get this nonsense blocked.
Bravo!
Good job.
That's what everybody should be doing.
By the way, we have a follow-up coming later in the show.
We'll get to it in a minute.
This comes from Rubba.
Rubba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Rubba-ba-ba, who I think added me on Steam the other day.
Cool.
You had a really good caller last week who discussed the kids that were crestfallen about the closure of Virtual Magic Kingdom.
You also discussed the Star Wars Momo closing.
These things are really good lessons to children and adults alike.
They should learn, one, everything ends.
Your dog will die, the batteries won't last forever, and MMOs are businesses that will stop supporting it someday.
I think this is more for the younger crowd.
Virtual goods are not goods.
They will someday disappear in an instant when the MMO closes.
This is why I find placing cash value on gold or items to be an utter waste of time.
Adults still need to learn this lesson.
You will not always get what you want.
It's funny that many of today's Americans don't understand this concept.
Amen.
and OnTheBrightSides4.
Something new and shiny will come along to make you forget about the old MMO.
So there we have it.
Dealing with loss, bubble economies, humility and optimism.
Things will end and your dog will die.
This is kind of a Debbie Downer email.
That's true though.
Your email gets a sad trombone.
It's true though, isn't it?
It is, but... It goes back to my old rant about Americans and the sense of self-entitlement.
Everyone thinks that everyone owes them something and they don't want to work for anything and you know what?
Bite my ass.
Oh, except that's too much effort for you to come to my house and bite my ass.
Well, what about... Oh, you better be careful because there's some creepsters out there who might actually try to show up at your door and say, I'm here to bite your ass, ma'am.
I'll kick them in the balls.
What if it's a girl?
I'll kick her in the clit.
That hurts kind of bad.
I would imagine.
Anyhow, wow, I just didn't think you'd say that.
But what about the whole angle of, but I paid for stuff in the game.
I realize the address is in the email, but I don't know.
I can see the disappointment if you've actually put money and time into this and then suddenly it's like, oh, I pulled the plug.
Well, you know what?
I'll be disappointed and sad when my cat dies.
I guess you poured a lot of money into her.
Well, I've paid for her vet visits and I've bought that bed down there and I feed her and I take care of her.
But one day she's gonna go.
You know, I'm very sad.
I love my cat.
But, you know, I've... My computer here, I've got all this shit on it.
Grandma and Grandpa gonna die.
But you don't need to tell them that because they already know.
I don't know when.
I don't know how, but one day they gonna die.
But you don't need to tell them that.
World of Warcraft?
They know already.
Yeah, but I mean, but seriously, you know, your PlayStation's gonna break one day.
Ask Spazinator.
I know, yeah, Spazinator should know all about that.
Your Xbox is gonna red ring.
That little beta that you've got in your pot on your desk at work is gonna die.
One day your house will burn down and you won't live there anymore.
No, but seriously, everything has an end.
Face it.
Just because you liked it and it was fun.
Including OLR.
No.
Just because you liked it and it was fun doesn't mean you get to have it forever.
Grow up.
Okay.
Last one.
And it comes from Robert M.
I recently picked up Atari's Greatest Hits Vol.
1 on the DS, first major points off for including Atari VideoCube instead of Yars' Revenge.
The games do play very well, though, and although the small screen hurts arcade games such as Gravatar, they control pretty spot-on to the originals.
I noticed on the back of the box the proclamation, the most popular casual games of all time.
Interesting.
Do you consider retro games to be casual, you know, unless you're Steve Weeby or something?
They were just different back then Interesting, interesting I think a lot of retro games were just very simple in concept Were they casual?
I think a lot of people take a casual approach to it Because I know when you have emulators And you can sample everything at the buffet People will play games for five seconds and be all I remember this Next game I remember this It's like you lick the vanilla ice cream This tastes good You lick the chocolate ice cream This tastes good too
Back in the day, when you would drop $50 on those games, they entertained you for a long time.
I'm actually going to use a comparison from design theory, actually.
Back then, first of all, you didn't have a lot of space to actually store the game on, so you had to do the most you could with the most simple of tools by today's standards, right?
Also, we had a longer attention span as people back then.
I really think so.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
buy it or if it's like a catalog for Abercrombie and Fitch it's just naked good-looking 20 year olds butts but it's to sell clothes and they sell clothes through nudity
Yeah, but okay.
Where it's like you pull up a 50s ad for the toasters and it's like, this makes some fucking amazing toast and the toast will brown just right and Mrs. Cleaver loves it and she uses this toaster every day.
This toaster really gets my toast buttered and I love this toaster and it's economical and it looks great in the kitchen.
I actually remember recently seeing an article for these ugly-ass plaid bell-bottom pants, but it was an ad from the 70s.
And it said, like, something stretch-fiber pants for today's modern man.
These type of pants are for the man who wants to get up and put on his pants and go.
And it was really...
Describing it, you know, like you were watching a TV commercial or something.
Well, even television commercials now are pretty simple to the point, you know, because our attention spans are shorter.
We are bombarded with so much information and it just gets to be more and more.
It's going to be like our photo albums in the future are going to be like from the last Starfighter when the dude shows the little square and it's like 50 million pictures all at once when dude's like, here's my photo, there's them and them.
Well, wouldn't that just be like one of those digital picture frames?
Yeah, except it does a photo a second.
Actually, I think it did like a photo every half second or something.
But still, the point is, is that we had longer attention spans back then.
And I think a little bit more in the way of determination, we were satisfied with less because back then that was our big thing.
and then it keeps pushing the envelope and pushing the envelope and now we have such high expectations that really if it doesn't hit that factor where something's going to change every five seconds and hold your attention, that's exactly what's going to happen.
You're going to lose interest in it and you're going to move on.
Speaking of which, let's get to the next email.
There's no more emails.
No more.
We're out of email.
And just like that, the Mailbag segment has died this week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to contribute to next week's Mailbag.
In the meantime, let's get to some FUs of the week.
I don't really have an FU, actually.
Okay, FU to alcohol for making my face break out.
The end.
Loki?
I don't have a lot of FUs because I'm coming off a high of a really, really great weekend.
But I will say I did have a really bad day this week where just a lot of stuff was going on.
Most of it was work-related.
And then, of course, everything that I had talked about on WoW.
And it's kind of funny.
I think I took it out on this week's episode of Horde House because a lot of my guildies that I've been playing with for a couple years now
A lot of them listened to the show, and I actually was getting text messages from people going, God, you are so cunty on this week's Horde House.
And I'm like, I was having a bad day, and I got home at 5.55, and the show had to start at 6.
What do you want from me?
But otherwise, things are fucking fantabulous, and I had an amazing weekend, and it erased the memory of my bad day.
Except for the fact that I did remember to rant about it.
But now it's done.
I'm done.
We're not done with the news yet, though.
We have a few more stories for you guys.
And then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We're not there quite yet.
By the way, I've kept Twitter open in another window, and we got another tweet that came in real quick from Zether77 tweeted us saying, you can also get Tyrion, because we mentioned that game earlier, on good old games.
Gog.
I was not aware, but now I am.
I wonder how much.
I'll have to check that out.
Let's get to a couple more news stories for you guys.
We talked about last week Senate Bill 978 where it may affect gameplay videos on YouTube and stuff like that.
So if you uploaded pictures of yourself playing a game or something like that and showing the gameplay, that may be considered copyrighted acts and that you'd be basically slapped with a felony charge and jail time.
Apparently, though, the way the bill is worded now, they're saying that it actually may not be the case.
Basically, the statute can only be enforced in instances where uploaders are willfully infringing on copyright with the intent to make money and is only punishable if said uploader makes or the game company loses over $2,500.
And, you know, that's probably not going to be the case for most walkthroughs and stuff like that.
It doesn't totally change my opinion.
Yeah, I still think it's stupid.
I think this report that you are giving us, I mean, don't blame you.
I know you're getting it from a game blog somewhere and what folks are reporting on the web, but it's a little bit smoke and mirrors to me because I don't think it detracts from the real issue that, okay, well, whereas a lot of individuals, what about the middleman review companies from businesses that are not IGN, 1UP, etc.,
But, you know, still need those hits I mean, for me, this is really bad for small business
Yeah, because, I mean, they say, oh, well, you know, unless the company loses over $2,500.
Yeah, but, you know, the RIA said that, oh, these record companies have lost millions of dollars from one MP3 download.
So, you know, they can make that shit up off the top of their heads.
So, you know, why not say, oh, yeah, this YouTube video of some of the gameplay streaming, that cost us so much money.
How can you prove that a YouTube lost $2,500?
Couldn't a game company say, because you gave my game a negative review, we lost all these sales?
Everybody that watched your thing was a potential sale?
I mean, that seems so vague to prove.
This is a shittily written law, just like I said last week.
And yes, I used that word last week, and I'm using it again.
Shittily.
Shittily's law.
Yeah, it's not good.
Hey, let's talk about Origin vs. Steam and some of the follow-ups to that.
I teased this a little bit before and after this story we'll get into your calls.
A forum post was posted by EA's Senior Vice President of Global E-Commerce saying that gamers should be able to buy EA titles on any site they want, including Steam.
But, here's the thing, I guess what happened is that the Crysis 2 disappearing from Valve's service was the result of a business deal where certain DLC for the game couldn't appear on Steam.
So Valve removed the title completely.
Basically, Valve is like, you know, because we...
Valve wants to facilitate all the downloads and patches within its own system, which for us, the consumer, I think is really good.
I think that's why a lot of us like Steam.
But EA's like, no, we want control of that.
So now there's a power struggle going on here.
Well, anyhow, the forum post went on to say that the Origin platform is a choice for game buyers, not an exclusive outlet for all the publisher's content going forwards.
EA is working to integrate more and more between the game and Origin, according to the post.
Absolutely not at this point saying, hey, it's Origin versus Steam.
It's never been about that.
I don't know if I totally believe that, but we'll see.
EA wants to continue offering our games for sale on all major download sites.
However, you say that on one hand, and then on the other hand, didn't they announce that Star Wars The Old Republic will only be on the new EA store?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So already there is a contradiction in your post.
So it makes me a little bit apprehensive to believe anything else you're saying.
Anyhow, EA posted some digital retailers that are going to be carrying Battlefield 3 and guess who's not on it?
Yeah, it's totally not Origin vs. Steam.
Oh, not at all.
It has nothing to do with trying to crack... It's because they're really trying to offer download content on their own and Steam is being so bad and not letting them do that.
Wah.
I don't know who to root for in this case.
There is a part of me that's like, well, you know, if EA really wants that, why does Steam need that?
But I guess that's part of what Steam kind of sells itself on is that all the patching and stuff goes through us.
So if your server goes down EA and the game can't patch, we're not dealing on our promise as Steam.
I think that makes sense.
It does, but I am a little bit torn.
I also see where EA says, but I shouldn't have to, every time we want to roll out a patch or something, get permission from Steam to do it.
I don't think they'd need permission, but I think that they need to host those files on Steam.
I think they're just throwing a little hissy fit because they can't make... I don't think they like the fact that Steam is taking some of their money for the download content and they want all of it.
Really?
I'm sorry, go ahead.
That's what it sounds like to me.
Really interesting feedback in the chat room and check which way this is tilting so far.
Let's see, Zether in our chat says, they aren't putting Battlefield 3 on Steam because of the DLC clause as well.
Not going to buy from EA again.
Actdeft says, screw EA, Kaijudo says, Valve, you guys are better than EA, tell EA to fuck off, and Randy says, agreed, fuck EA, and DDR Dollar Bill says, fuck EA, so there's a pretty, I mean, looking at the fans, most people seem to be on Team Valve, it chatters, is anybody Team EA, curious?
There's a lot of it that says, or Ranma says buy used.
Or, I don't think you can buy used PC product, really.
Or, you just go out to the store and buy it.
I mean, you don't need that digital copy.
You can just go buy it at a store.
There you go.
Or just buy a console version.
Some other things on the whole Origin stuff.
One other thing I want to mention is about the Origin is actually coming to the iPod, iPhone, and Android.
There's a cross-platform Scrabble game coming for free to Android.
Yay.
To be fair, that is something that Steam doesn't do.
Steam doesn't deal in the iPad iOS universe right now.
there's a part of me though that's like well how does that work because I thought Apple had the exclusive stuff on that like I thought you had to do everything through Apple so how do you launch a new store unless it's like the origin app that has all these mini games that you can buy within it like that has to be what it is yeah right interesting
EA did demo the mobile offering the Origin app will let you see your friend list which I'm assuming is across the computer and the phone the accompanying news feed and sharing what everybody is doing on Origin no matter what platform that they're on there's a new version of Need for Speed on iOS and it was launched from Origin and Origin pushes your friend's leaderboard data into the game and they said at EA that this was not possible before Origin
Well, they can say whatever they want, but I mean, I think, you know, it's possible.
Look at, you know, OpenFaint.
Yeah, but OpenFaint isn't really an app.
It's an enhancement to existing apps.
Yeah, but they're saying that it wasn't possible to be able to share leaderboard data without EA's origin thing, but that's bullshit because... There's GameCenter.
There's Game Center and there's OpenFaint, and I'm sure that other people can find ways to do stuff like that.
I mean, whatever.
Fine.
PR spin.
GamerGirl in chat says, only for Sims, but otherwise EA stands for Eat Ass, as in EA eats ass.
Ranma says, I liked EA better when they were known as Electronic Arts.
I liked EA better when they were ECA.
Want to go back in time a little bit?
Check out some of the loading screens on my favorite Commodore 64 games like Pinball Construction Set was an ECA game.
Did anybody ever play Pinball Construction Set?
That game was fucking rad.
No.
Anyhow.
That's it.
Let's take some calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
The Skype line is open right now if you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight on the show or something else that you think we haven't covered yet.
Skype line is open.
While we wait for some calls, thanks to the delay, Loki, you have any last-minute stories for us?
Yeah, sure.
One of the things that came out this week was kind of cool.
They had a mod for Call of Duty Modern Warfare that basically turned it into a version of Battlefront.
So you can actually go check that out.
I think they're calling it Star... I can't remember what the hell they called it now.
It's like...
some Star Wars game I gotta find the damn link now it looked neat though I mean it basically looked like Battlefront so whenever that actually makes its way out but it's finally done you can actually download it for free yay free exactly I guess they're selling 8-bit glasses now they kinda look stupid if you ask me yeah I saw them too and I was like meh
Did you see that they have an app?
Remember we were saying that it might happen or something like that?
But the free-to-be-kicked, it was for the people that are playing free-to-play Team Fortress 2 that they get kicked out.
Yeah, and I was saying that's everything that's wrong with gaming culture, but yeah.
Yeah, that kind of sucks.
Let's see here if I can find this here.
Ah, there we go.
Galactic Warfare is what it was.
And...
How'd it go?
Let's see.
And you can find that on the ModDB website.
Let's see here.
Yeah, moddb.com.
Just search for the Star Wars Galactic Warfare mod for Call of Duty 4.
Looks pretty awesome.
Let's see.
What other stuff we could talk about here?
Again, Skyplane is open.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll give it another couple minutes.
Maybe nobody wants to call tonight.
Zether in our chat says, apparently Sega may not be releasing the second Phantasy Star PSP game or Valkyria Chronicles 3 here.
Yeah, I was reading about that second Phantasy Star PSP game, but I'm more looking forward to this whole Phantasy Star Online 2.
Remember?
That's still coming.
I want to try it out.
Me too.
Zether says it's possibly due to piracy causing poor sales.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I guess Xbox Live Indie games creators are expressing their disappointment with the low sales on the service they say that there's not enough exposure for their games and like for example there was you know
Sequence, which sold around 2,000 copies.
They said it's kind of a flop.
He's looking at PC and mobile platforms for future projects.
He says it's not financially viable to do a large-scale project and not expect with any certainty to make some money on the indie marketplace.
Also, they said that Breath of Death 7 and Cthulhu Saves the World, both pretty well-known games,
on the marketplaces sold 50,000 and 16,000 copies each respectively making them relative hits for indie games and they said I think that our games could sell a lot better than they did with a better platform more visibility and he's testing that by releasing both of them on Steam on July 13th for $3
Hey, the phone's finally lighting up.
Let's see who's on the other line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
Nothing much.
Just like relaxing.
I miss New York.
For tomorrow.
Granted, I had like a nasty weekend of just working.
Yes, I had to show up to work on a Saturday.
Working on the weekend.
Well, life sucks.
I've had to work on Saturday, too.
Yeah, I'm going to need you to come in on Saturday.
Yeah, I think my boss was jokingly referring to that.
He did the Bill Lumberg voice.
Oh, great, great.
Well, at least he had a sense of humor about it.
Yeah, but at least it got done yesterday, and at least I'm relaxing today.
Nice.
So, basically, yeah, that whole EA Origin thing, yeah.
I was betting the barn on Battlefield 3 showing up on Steam, but because of this shit, I don't know.
On one hand, I have almost four-year-old hardware, but on the other, I have...
No games that I'm looking forward to to justify it.
And I'm not talking about Modern Warfare 3 because that's a non-starter.
That game is like, I'm not going to jump on that hype bandwagon.
I was banking on Battlefield 3.
But if they pull out some bullshit copy protection stuff, that's going to turn me off.
It needs to be like Steam where even though there is copy protection, it doesn't feel like it.
It's oblivious to the user.
And that's how it should be.
It should be non-intrusive.
Agree, agree.
But we don't know how Origin's going to play out because it used to be known as Download Manager and even then they still had plenty of copy protection on the games they sold through that one.
That's, you know, one reason, I truly think... Hold on, Zaku.
Zaku, I really think that the reason people are all over Steam doesn't even have to necessarily do with its interface and all of that.
I think it's honestly the crazy fucking deals they have on there.
I don't think anybody would have given Steam a second look otherwise.
I think it would have been about as popular as X-Fire.
Sure, that may be true because they can, like, you know, these...
Saku, Saku, Saku
Um, faintly, I think I've seen him in certain episodes from time to time.
Here's the thing, no, no, it's not a user, it's an actual program.
And I think MTV Games bought them, thinking it was going to be the next big thing.
Steam blew that program out of the fucking water, because what they did is they took a lot of the things that X-Fire brought to the table and built a store around it that had...
Killer Deals, and now every-
My point is, Steam didn't really bring anything new to the table.
It just made it.
It's like Apple.
Yes, it brought it to the table extremely well.
Kind of like a lot of Microsoft products.
Like the Xbox.
Well, it's more like Apple taking something that already exists but marketing it well to the point where they make money.
And that's what Steam did.
They know how to market something like this.
Something that gamers would want to go after.
My point.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, the way I see it is that, to them, Origin is something that's completely out of place to their norms.
Case in point, Steam.
It's something that they feel comfortable with.
If you throw in Origin, it's something that hasn't been proven, and it's not tried and true yet, and it's something that EA's still working on.
It's still in its infancy, so it's the uncertainty that Origin brings to these guys, to these people that are hesitant about it.
And that's what's causing the rift and backlash, you know, in my honest opinion.
It's like, I know Battlefield 3 will be an awesome game, but the way that the distribution is like, that plays an integral role in the fact that it can make or break their sales.
You don't want somebody downloading a lemon, which is going to be useless if it's locked down pretty tight.
Yeah.
to the point where only pirates will have the best experience.
Well, I agree.
The thing about Origin is that the first copy protection or whatever type of mistake they make will kill them.
And this is the interesting thing about new technologies is that the first mistake, if they make it early on, will murder them.
Case in point, Google Buzz.
Google Buzz was murdered by what they did with the privacy thing.
They're toast if they screw up
If they screw up to the point where it reaffirms that Steam is the only choice, then that's it.
EA basically has a walking dead man right there in Origin.
The way that Origin can not only be on par, if not maybe outdo Steam, is try to bring something that hasn't been...
You know, first of all, they have to, like, one, make sure that the copy protection is, like, not oblivious and more importantly, not obstructive.
The second point is they have to do something unique that differentiates themselves from Steam.
Aside from what Steam has already done.
I'm pretty certain that they're going to have all the social aspects.
It needs to show me what is worth leaving Steam for.
And if they can't produce killer fucking deals that convince me to drop $40 on a bunch of games I'll probably end up only playing once, then I'm not so sure they're going to come out ahead.
They need to have a contingency plan of origin for some reason.
fails, what happens to their digital content?
Then they're right back where they were a year ago.
They'll be fine.
I understand.
I'm not talking about right now, but more long term.
They need to have some sort of contingency plan in place.
I'm pretty certain Valve has something in place should Steam ever fail and they would have to wind down.
Because they're going to see a lot of pissed off people where their digital content is not worth jack and they can't hold on to it.
Remember, the content is only as good as the service that's backing it up, that enables you to actually play it.
Alright, Zaku, I gotta let you go, but before I let you go, I am getting a request from chat.
No!
Alright, Zaku, thanks for your call.
Alright.
Nian,
Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio What do you think about EA versus Steam and all this stuff?
Let us know Meanwhile, do we have more last minute stories or did you burn them all?
I burned them all Good job, Loki They burned on a fire Good job Alright, so are we ready to announce what you're working on over there or do you need more time?
It did come to my attention that OLR does try to be on the cutting edge of a bunch of social eds, but there was one that we've all been using that we're not using at OLR yet.
I'll go ahead and tell everybody, but I'm still working on the theme.
We have a Tumblr now.
There'll be stuff on it.
We're hipster.
We'll post it with lots of pictures from Reddit.
Tumblr is a really easy way to cross-post stuff.
It's the ultimate photo blog.
It's MAME central.
When somebody sees something funny, they just post it to their Tumblr.
No words.
Well, you can post words, like quotes and things.
Just pictures and stuff.
And videos, but you can actually use it as a regular blog.
Yeah, some people will want to follow that.
We'll see what happens.
Alright, let's go to the phones and take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ranma.
Hi, what's up, buddy?
Not much.
Well, I have some interesting news to tell.
Oh boy.
Oh no, you'll like it.
I am getting a PlayStation 3.
Yes!
Why are you getting a PlayStation 3?
Thanks for watching!
First Ends are better anyways because they have full backwards compatibility.
I use mine to the fullest by not playing any PlayStation 2 games.
God, I wish... You know, I know there's some people that would look at me and go, why don't you just get a PS2 if you want to play PS2 games?
But I can't tell you, having owned all the fucking consoles I do, I can't tell you how fucking convenient it is to have multiple in one box.
Like, I really wish I lived in a world where the Wii, the 360, and the PlayStation 3 were just one fucking console.
Like...
Why can't I
Dan!
Explanation!
Oh, he says it's coming to DVD too.
It's also on DVD.
Well, the fact that I heard that first, I'm like, well, for me, if that's not a reason to get a PS3, I don't know what is since most of my games are in a 360, but my question is this.
You can play Demon's Souls and LittleBigPlanet.
Oh my god, LittleBigPlanet.
Yes, Dan is correct.
I just double-checked on Amazon.
Both are available.
You were lied to by a lying liar.
I will pistol whip her later alright with love any other thoughts Ranma before I let you go I want to know what game should I get for my PS3 I want to pick from all three of you you absolutely need LittleBigPlanet absolutely the must have game on Playstation 3 DarkSakura Dance is Infamous Loki
I would do Resistance.
You can probably pick up, they have the Resistance dual pack now with 1 and 2 in there.
Just pick that up and it's a good time.
There you go.
Works for me.
Alright, well have fun with your PS3 and add me, K. I will, dude.
Alright.
Bye.
1877 GameOLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
I guess we can fit in one more call.
One quick little call.
See, it does suck because I do have to still pick up Infamous, or not Infamous, Resistance.
Actually, I have Infamous now.
I download, or I have the download mark for my PS3 from Welcome Back, and I have number two.
Although, I'm probably going to sell number two because I don't know if I'll really get into the series.
Randy in our chatroom says, quick, back out of the purchase, Ranma.
Yeah, back out so I can buy it.
Although that would be a waste of money because I really do have a PS2 already and all that good stuff.
All right, I guess we've got time for one more call.
Let's take this.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator.
What's up, buddy?
Well, two things.
Just in reference to the last call that you just had, if I were to recommend any games for the PS3...
Siphon LittleBigPlanet, which you already mentioned.
I would probably go with the Resistance games.
Those would be good.
I want to say this, though, real fast.
Ranma, if you have the money, just do LittleBigPlanet 2, because all the old LittleBigPlanet levels, you can play in LittleBigPlanet 2, meaning the created levels online, just so you know.
What else?
I hate to say it, because you guys know I've been a really big supporter of PlayStation 3 and all that.
I know, and you're that abused significant other that keeps coming back.
I'm practically Sony's red-headed stepchild right now.
Yeah, yeah.
Since March of last year, I have had three PlayStation 3s get the yellow light of death.
I mean, honestly, if it weren't for the fact that I got so much money invested in the system, in terms of downloadable games and, of course, the videos,
I've got to ask this though, Spazinator.
Is there anything you think there might be about how you use your PlayStation 3?
I have to ask it.
That could be contributing.
Do you leave it in a poorly ventilated place?
Do you use the thing so much that it just can't handle it?
Is it on all day?
I don't know.
I'm trying to think.
What could be your luck?
The only thing I could come up with
that could possibly factor into it is that my entire building as a whole is practically hotter than a hemorrhoid on Satan's ass during the summertime.
At least in terms of my particular place, I store my system, normally try to keep it
You know, ventilated, you know, at least 10 inches on each side, you know, for ventilation and all that.
But, you know, during the summertime, the building just gets hot, you know.
But, you know, that can't totally factor into it because, you know, because, you know, my system, you know, I got the old wire down twice last spring and my building doesn't even get hot.
Hot during the spring.
In fact, it's practically freezing cold during the spring.
Well, let me ask this because this is the question that the chatters are dying to know the answer to.
Are you breaking up with Sony?
Is this it?
Are you saying, Sony, I want to see someone else and her name is Microsoft?
I'm severely tempted to.
The only reason I'm even constantly having my system fixed is like I was starting to see like a minute ago is that
I have so much money invested in downloadable games, the DLC, and the videos, I just hate to see myself lose access to that stuff that I already bought or got for free up until now.
At least for a time being, if I do get it fixed, I've been playing my...
You know, 360 lot along with WoW since I just started WoW like a week or two ago.
But, you know, it just kills me that the system just died.
Plus, now, what little money I have coming soon was already earmarked for something else.
And now I'm going to have to scrounge up money to get my system fixed and rearrange my plans and stuff like that.
So, it's a pain in the ear to watch.
Right, right.
Well, keep us posted on what happens in this ongoing saga.
And, you know, good luck.
Maybe see if Ranma will sell you that PS3.
I don't know.
All right.
All right, Spazinator.
I've got to let you go to wrap up the show.
But take care, buddy.
All right.
Have a good one.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Man, we had the sad trombone email, and now we have the sad trombone phone call.
Three PlayStation 3s get the yellow light of death.
Some guys have all the luck.
And yet he didn't say, I'm breaking up with Sony.
He said, you know, I just... I've spent so much on Sony over the years.
I still love Sony.
Alright, this is the part of the show where we wrap it all up.
Thank you guys for calling in tonight.
We appreciate it.
If you didn't get through, I'm sorry, but please send us an email with your thoughts.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com I know you gotta type, but we'll read it next week on the show.
Anyhow, we're going to wrap it up and call it a week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But not before we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
And I also plug real quick that if you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, all we ask, please help us spread the word.
Tell a couple people you know about the show.
We really would appreciate it.
Word of mouth is all we have.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My final thought is long show means no Pinkberry frown.
Loki.
I have a headache and I really need to remember to bring Dan Wangan Midnight for the PS3.
That's going to do it.
Thank you guys so much for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys in chat.
Thank you guys on the podcast feed.
And thank you for your support.
We will see you next week to do it all over again.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific Time.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
