Tonight, July 24th, 2011, games appear to be incoming to Google+, Sony experiments with virtual reality, and you know we've got to talk about Capcom.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you to talk about video games and gaming culture and all of that with my co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Ooga.
How are you doing?
Booga.
Dark Sakura, you've been very, very naughty.
Thank you, sir.
May I have another?
No.
Alright, say hello as well to the one and only Techmaster, Loki.
How are you doing, Loki?
You're actually muted.
There you go.
How are you doing now, Loki?
I'm doing better.
We're having mic fail tonight in studio.
If I sound different, by the way, don't adjust your speakers.
It's on our end.
I'm on backup mic tonight.
He's on helium.
Yes, maybe a little bit.
No, I think I'm just on the overly sensitive mic, which for my voice is really not good, but that's all we got tonight.
Rob's high on life.
Let's switch mics.
No, because I know you're going to have a rant or two in you tonight, and I'm not letting you do that on this mic.
You will blow up speakers across America and beyond.
Well, what's new in your world, Loki?
Nothing.
So Josh is turning one very soon, right?
Yeah, a week from Monday.
Your baby is turning one.
And the other week you were talking about your possible party plans you were doing.
And I was talking to the wife today, and it sounds like you guys have settled on a theme, correct?
Well, yeah.
It was always going to be like the pork party.
Oh, I thought at one point you were talking about the pedo bear party.
No, those were just funny ideas we were throwing around.
I see, I see.
So you are going to do the pork party.
Yes.
Teach the child at a young age about the wonders of bacon, right?
Of course.
All right.
Well, have fun with that.
That'll be a lot of fun.
All right.
We're going to have fun with you guys here live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, as we do every week, Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
If you want to join us in chat, we are ready to go in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, and we do read comments from chat throughout the show.
For instance, some folks commenting on Bunga Bunga, the game we were talking about a minute ago.
Actdeft says that game didn't make it outside of Japan.
I wonder why, y'all.
But no, seriously, like Google it.
It was a real game, so it's something else.
If I had the money and it was cheap enough, I'd... You would import it?
I'd import it.
It's just really expensive to import.
Give that to Josh for his birthday?
It'd just be fun to have.
Just put it in my garage.
What the hell is that?
Hey guys, want to come over?
DarkSakura, what you been doing?
I played WoW.
I finally hit my next item level.
Congrats.
Addict.
Dealer.
And I played some other games.
I played Kid Dracula again because I love that game.
Going back, kicking it Game Boy.
Kid Dracula is an old ass game.
Yeah, and we actually watched a playthrough of the NES version, so I was playing the Game Boy version.
And I have been fighting and fighting with Planet Harriers to get it to work on MAME to no avail.
Because it's not done yet.
I know, but there's a Hikaru BIOS and all this other stuff I was playing with and it's not working.
So, well...
Classic Gaming in Your Week Classic Gaming in Your Week
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So we've been all about the homebrew.
I saw an interesting little cabinet the other day.
I was at this pizza joint in town that had... It wasn't an Altercade.
I'll tell you that right off the bat.
It wasn't an Altercade.
It was some other type of machine that had a lot of classic games in it.
But the interesting thing about it is it was Pac-Man and Donkey Kong and Galaga.
And it was kind of like... You don't usually see Nintendo games participating in the collections because Nintendo keeps that stuff to Nintendo.
So it was kind of weird.
Like, where did this...
Like the PlayChoice?
Yeah, where did... No, it wasn't PlayChoice, though.
It was like actual arcade Pac-Man and Galaga and stuff, so... And that was talking about the Nintendo ones.
Oh, yeah, I remember those.
The Nintendo's were the PlayChoice games.
Yeah, or like the Wii and stuff now.
You don't see a lot of like the retro... It had to have been a homebrew type of self-made thing.
I don't know.
It was interesting, though, because, you know, I remember Salacious Pop commenting on it like, those are games you wouldn't usually see together in a collection.
Yeah, but I don't think it's a homebrew thing.
They have...
Other machines, they're very similar to the multi-game machines.
They have packs that you can buy.
So it's like, okay, here's Atari games, here's Nintendo, here's Capcom or whatever.
So they've got those out there.
It's just I didn't know Nintendo to usually participate in those.
Usually it's kind of like they keep it for their own systems and so forth.
whatever's alright well let's move on Loki how was your gaming week?
same old stuff didn't really play a whole ton of stuff other than basically Grand Theft Auto and I think I did play a little bit of Earth Defense Force in there this week mainly Grand Theft Auto just you know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, no, it was funny, we, uh, we have these nice Sony headsets, like, headphones, I should say, not headsets, um, headphones that we use for the gameplay, we have it hooked up through the stereo connectors on all the VGA cables, but, you know, as you know, you can't really talk over a headset because the headset goes on your head, and it's usually meant for people to have TV's,
Thanks for watching!
And so that's what I did.
I snapped the headpiece off.
I broke the thing apart.
I took out the actual speaker from the headphone.
And then, of course, the only way I could attach it to it is with plain old tape.
Just scotch tape.
Not even duct tape.
Not even duct tape.
Just scotch tape.
Here's the reason why I did scotch tape, because these are nice headphones.
I don't want to ruin them.
I just want it to stay.
And it works great, because now we have the nice headphones, and we can talk.
for the occasional person that's from Mexico or... Usually it's the UK.
We've got people that complain in the UK and every now and then it's like, gee, I really wish I had a headset so I could tell them to shut the hell up because they'll be like, oh, you have to use the stickies to kill me.
What?
You suck?
You just can't kill me with anything else?
So then I proceed to kill them with every weapon in the game and they still complain.
So...
So you've gotten in lately.
Long story short, you fixed headphones so that you could smack talk people on Xbox Live this week.
And what types of things do you tell them off with?
Do you want some tea and crumpets with your wine?
I haven't really been using it to talk.
I originally gave it to my co-worker, Jason.
Unfortunately, we had to take it away from him because all he kept doing throughout the first game is going, Hello?
Hello?
And we're like, listen, okay?
You're not going to talk like a rapist over the goddamn...
You know, headset.
We're taking that damn thing away from you.
No, I gave it to my other coworker, Rob, now, and he'll usually do a Julia Child impersonation on there, which is pretty fun.
First, we're going to get the cake and kill you with it.
It's all, hello, boobies!
Wait, that sounds like Dame Edna, actually.
Hello, my puppets!
Welcome to your death!
I didn't say that his impersonations were good, but he'll do the French knight from... Shall I kill you with my sticky whip?
But there's some pretty funny ones.
I love playing with the people in the UK because I love their accent.
And the kids that we play with on there, I'm going to get the orange, fella.
Really proper English is hilarious to me.
By the way, I didn't think any British impersonation could be worse than mine, but yours is really bad.
Well, I was doing an impersonation of what he does.
I can't vouch for his impersonation of anything.
No, it's just fun.
Really, this is just a temporary thing until I get my Saints Row headset.
Now, we do know that the Saints Row Collector's Edition headset is not compatible through Live.
Without some adapters that I can easily find.
So I will have my auto-tuned voice.
They're selling headsets for Saints Row that you can't use for live?
Yes, and it comes with a collector's edition.
It's only meant for PCs and phones.
Okay.
It's because it's got a 3.5mm connection, whereas most of those things are 2.5mm.
They were too cheap to make a deal with Microsoft.
Yes, they were too cheap.
So basically there's a thing that you can get that splits a headset into both the speaker and the microphone port and then there's something in the reverse that goes to 2.5mm.
So I can get that stuff and I can make it work.
I've already figured it out.
I've already bookmarked the stuff on Amazon.
It's all a matter of waiting now.
I've... I've thought of...
I was going to do one better on that.
I can do this once I get that actual device to connect my autotune headset.
You hook up a splitter to it and then you hook it up to your iPod or iPhone or whatever and just pull up a soundboard and tap away.
There you go.
Nice.
The Trash Talk is pretty awesome, but it's only four.
Sometimes you want Duke Nukem to say a few other things other than the four preset stuff.
That's right.
Four insults is very limiting.
Exactly.
Repeat yourself a little much.
All right.
And pushing buttons on the headset and stuff to make Duke Nukem say things.
It's funny, but see, the problem is because I cut the speaker off, so I can't hear what it's actually saying.
I can't hear myself talk over everything.
I can only hear my coworkers saying, oh, yeah, I heard you.
That's the only way.
whatever works good luck in your trash talking with the Brits adventure whatever comes of that let's see my gaming week actually not a whole lot of new stuff I had a very Jamie week all I really played was wow this week
I did play a few other things, though.
There was a few other things I played.
Like, I went back to the fitness game, and I gave that another go.
Remember I razzed that game on the show last week, the Yourself Fitness, because it didn't have me stretched beforehand?
Well, this time I stretched, and what do you know?
I made it a lot further in the opening act.
I actually made it through the entire calibration this time and didn't feel like dying the next day.
My legs were a little sore that night, but it wasn't nearly the pain and suffering I went through the week before.
Like I'm actually walking today.
Do you think you can bring it over?
If you really want to see it.
Why don't you come over to my place?
Why do I always have to come over here?
You should come pet the kitties.
I do want to go to your place, but you've never given me your address, silly Rob.
Well, my address is... Something.
Oh, wait.
I can't say it here.
All right.
1, 2, 3, any street, Anytown, USA
It's a place where they take kids in elementary school, and it's one of those tiny towns where all the buildings are built at a kid's height or whatever, so that when they're walking through the town, they're little Godzillas in the town.
But it's where they learn about safety and look both ways before you cross the street, or the little plastic cars will get you, things like that.
But it's adorable to drive by and look at because all these tiny, chibi little buildings.
So I don't know why, but Loki talking about any town in the USA, maybe think of Safetyville, USA.
It's like that town in Hot Fuzz.
I guess.
I haven't seen Hot Fuzz, so I guess.
There's like a miniature of the main village.
Is there?
Yeah.
I don't see like any movies.
I was just talking about this the other day.
I didn't see Captain America.
I didn't see Green Lantern.
I didn't see Green Hornet.
That's because Green Lantern was shit anyway.
Well, but you are clearly a Marvel fan girl.
DC fans have said that Green Lantern was shit.
I heard it was terrible.
I don't know.
Look, look.
I know some of y'all don't want to hear it, but I would gladly pay money to look at Ryan Reynolds for two hours, okay?
But it's actually not him.
It's a CG fake body.
Now, when Deadpool comes out... Imagination's all the same.
All right, look.
That's not what we're here to talk about.
Other games I played this week.
I did check out the demo for one new title.
I don't like doing game reviews based on a demo, but I will say it was a great demo, and it did kind of sell me on the game, and that was Bastion on Xbox Live, which is a new game that's...
Summer of Arcade Solstice and Equinox
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I used to love those games and so when I played Bastion it kind of was that same thing I was like oh this is kind of cool but it's the art style is very different the art style reminds me a little more something like I don't know Braid or something but what I thought was really neat about it is that the levels kind of appear as you're walking very interesting and then of course most of all the way the story is told is that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So you do have to kind of make some decisions.
And I just, I don't know, I thought that was kind of neat.
Just the whole way it was designed.
So I definitely think I will pick up the full version of that.
It does seem to be like there's, like I noticed right when I got to the end of the demo in the main world.
Well, not the main world, but like, I guess the Bastion Square or whatever the central square is that's supposed to be like the hub that I guess the rest of the game takes place through.
I noticed that there was a place where I could put a shop of one of two types.
I could pick one or the other.
So it's kind of like the choice on what you put there will affect your game a little later.
Unfortunately, the demo doesn't let you kind of fully realize that out, but I'll have to tell you more about that when I pick up the full game.
So...
DarkTetsuya is asking, can you do the rest of the show like that?
No, I can't.
Maybe I'll read an email tonight in that voice.
DarkSakura can pick an email and I'll do it.
Okay.
Alright.
I'm just kidding.
I'm not going to do it.
Let's see.
Stop trying to get out of reading emails.
I think that's really it.
Otherwise, I've just been playing a lot of the other same stuff I've been playing.
Like, Beat Hazard.
I tried to play Survival Mode one night.
I didn't get very far.
I got through like a song and a half.
And just, you know, playing some other stuff on Steam.
Bit.Trip and some of the other games I've talked about in previous weeks.
Bastion is probably the only new thing I've played I have two games at home sitting for my game rental service waiting to play and I just haven't gotten around to playing them and that's Test Drive 2 and one of the Need for Speed games I don't even remember which one
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and you know I'm not going to tell anybody else what to do and I realize that there are people that might be employees of GameStop and so forth that listen to this show and I want you to know the boycott does not have to do with any type of like store employee
but the management of GameStop is like doing things to a friend of mine right now that I really don't agree with and we're talking like things of a legal nature that just like disgust me like the way this person who worked for this company with so much loyalty for so many years really I think demonstrated and somebody who I think
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that's going to do that to people.
It's gross.
And it's... I don't know.
I'm not going to support it.
I'm not going to support this company...
I don't even know how far I want to go with this.
I got to be careful what I say.
But I'm just saying, I'm boycotting GameStop.
I would encourage you, but I'm not going to tell you what to do.
And I realize we may have employees that listen to the show.
And this is no fault of a store employee or anything like that.
I realize people have to do what they have to do, especially in this economy, to make a living.
But I'm just going to say...
I hope... Sometimes I really hope these rumors are true that digital distribution may kill GameStop.
And that's, again, no offense to those of you that work in the retail front.
I hope you all find other jobs somewhere else very soon.
It won't because they bought a digital distribution company.
Well, that will hopefully fail miserably.
That's what I hope.
Because the management and the uppers at GameStop clearly are just...
Assholes.
I have freedom of speech, freedom of press granted to me in the US Constitution.
I can say, in my humble opinion, GameStop management is assholes.
And I am not going to support a company run by assholes.
It's as simple as that.
I will now step off my soapbox.
But that was something that came to mind this week.
That's actually something that I wanted to address like two weeks ago, but I think it was the same week as our ninth anniversary show, so I kind of never got into it.
And now I'm not as ranty pants as I probably would have been that week.
But I'm feeling like I needed to touch on that at some point.
If you don't ever hear me talk about that store again, now you know why.
Unless it's bad news about them.
Well, I will continue to do my job of reporting on them in the most impartial way I possibly can here on the show.
You know, whether the news is good or bad, we'll continue to report on it so you guys can talk about it.
But just don't expect me to be their cheerleader.
You know, Dan's been like the recipient of like three payouts from class action lawsuits.
Really?
Yeah.
Really?
Well, I hope...
Actdeft in chat says, was it the planking thing?
I read about that where the GameStop employees got fired for doing the planking.
Believe it or not, now I can't believe I'm going to say this after my rant.
Have you heard of this?
Is that like that Pilates move?
Do you remember like in the 50s when people used to sit on flagpoles and that's what was cool?
Okay, what's cool now is to put pictures on Twitter of yourself lying dead in the most strange places, like in the middle of traffic or what these GameStop employees did.
Do a news.google search on GameStop planking and a guy is lying dead between two GameStop displays, like a plank, like a straight plank.
He was laying on top of the displays.
Yeah, he's lying on top of the displays.
And I gotta admit, even though I just chewed GameStop out there That was a real dumb thing to do, to be in your GameStop uniform and take a picture like that I mean, actually in that case, I kinda think I know why GameStop hired me I think they're allowed to do that, I gotta say Otherwise, they're assholes It's like the stewardess that put pictures of herself on the airplane, showing some cleavage
or the Disney employees at Euro Disney that were all in the costumes and they were doing nasty things backstage.
Don't put that shit on the internet.
If you're gonna do it, keep it on your phone and laugh at a party or something.
Don't put it on the internet.
That was the dumb thing they did.
Keep in mind, my experience with planking has to do with Pilates.
Oh, here we go.
Actdeft.
See, this is why I love having a live chat because chat will actually link us to these things live.
So there you go.
I'm going to bring this up so you can see the picture here, DarkSakura.
I've got it up too.
I can't believe... Oh, Spazinator in chat tells me that flagpole sitting was in the 1920s.
Actually...
That was, um... I thought it was the 50s.
No.
Okay, then Swallowing Goldfish, or... Oh, this is actually kind of cool.
Why, you like that?
I think that's ridiculous.
Well, I mean, it is ridiculous, but it's kind of neat.
That's some good abdominal control.
And as I've complained about...
You're the most unpredictable woman I've ever met.
Okay.
And that is saying a lot because most women are unpredictable.
This is, this is retarded.
I'm sorry.
Stupid.
I've been told not to say retarded by my wife.
You might have been retarded people.
Whatever.
Well, you should cut back on that quite frankly, but.
Okay.
I'm not going to tell you what you can and can't say.
It is incredibly stupid.
I mean, this, Konin, which is the new thing where you.
You're offending stupid people.
Where you go through the drive-thru, order an ice cream cone, and then you grab the ice cream off the cone.
Who cares?
I would just think you're stupid.
Good job, man!
Ah, you're smart.
Wait, wait, tell me that.
What is coning?
You get an ice cream cone, and then someone else runs by and takes the ice cream off the cone?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Thanks for watching!
Yes, this is what... These are the people that will be voters someday.
If they're not already, thank you for ruining the world.
I thought that was called fire in the hole.
That's what people did.
And that actually was not cool because somebody got burned over that whole thing.
But the fire in the hole is where you go through a drive-thru and you order the combo meal and then you yell fire in the hole and throw the soda.
Not through the window.
But some asshole did it with coffee and burned some guy.
That is actually not funny.
Well, of course.
It always takes stupider people to ruin everything.
And then there's a new thing called owling.
I would demonstrate owling, except I don't know if this chair would hold me.
But owling is basically where you kind of squat down on top of something like you're a stupid owl.
And then you take a picture of it.
Because, you know, planking wasn't dumb enough.
So the people have to...
Come up with even dumber things.
I don't know.
It's just stupid.
The internet makes people stupid.
We have proof.
So anyway, I didn't mean to get... You're not supposed to... After I do a rant like that on GameStop, you're not supposed to give me a news article where I agree with one of their crappy management decisions.
They also fired the person that took the picture.
I think it's justified.
I hate to say it, but you're there to work, not to do fucking planking photos.
Well, I can't make my fellow employee do his job if he wants to go lay down on something.
I'm taking the picture to expedite this whole retarded, stupid thing that he is doing.
Mm-hmm.
well okay but let me put it this way let me put it this way let's say those employees leave their position at GameStop and go plank somewhere else and GameStop threatens to do things to them because they've done things after the fact that's kind of what's going on in another situation right now and that's why I think it's just just icky so that's all I'm gonna say
OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Oh, I can't wait to see where we're going to start tonight.
What is the internet talking about tonight?
Let's talk about a wonderful game that was highly anticipated, made by Capcom, long-awaited sequel to Mega Man Legends.
Mega Man Legends 3, this project that they were also kind of getting input from the fans themselves to help them create this game.
They said, you know what?
And we're not going to put it up.
Originally, they were going to have this prototype version that was going to hit the eShop and you're going to be able to download it.
And then they started doing this crap like, well, not a lot of people download this game.
We're not going to make it.
And then now they're like, well, there's not enough systems that sold, so we're not going to make it.
Basically, the actual quote, I guess, is, Unfortunately, it was not felt that the Mega Man Legends 3 project met the required criteria to go into full productions, and thus it was pulled.
and apparently they're saying there's a fan campaign going on now to get people, you know, get them to put this game out.
I have a few problems with this.
One... Not to be rude, but that fan campaign will be about as effective as the mother fan campaign.
Sorry.
uh number one um who told Capcom to fucking put it on 3ds anyways I mean that's risky you're you're kind of assuming well it's a Nintendo system it's gonna sell incredibly well but what happens if it if it doesn't they're like what do you mean what if it happens if it doesn't it's a Nintendo system it's gonna sell incredibly well I mean that's kind of their logic there and then when it didn't they're like crap um
I don't understand why they just don't put it out on their system.
I mean, God, it can't be that hard to port a PlayStation 1 looking game onto another system like Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, WiiWare...
you've always been quite the fan of Mega Man Legends haven't you because I remember earlier episodes of the show and I mean like early in the first few years of the show where you were talking about how much you love those games and you always wish they'd make a third one so now here it is Capcom's gonna make a third one and then oh well you know what and it was one of the reasons I got a 3DS granted not one of the top reasons I got a 3DS
But at this point, I'll take any reason to justify getting a 3DS because there's not many reasons out there.
But it's one of those things, it's seriously stupid because this is one of the games, oh yeah, the fans wanted this and we're going to take all this fan support.
Then they're like, well, we didn't get a lot of support on this.
So they're gonna give... They're gonna abort.
They're gonna have a live abortion of Mega Man and make all their fans watch.
Yeah, I love it.
We didn't get enough support on the forums for this, you know, voting processing.
I'm sorry, but...
You're the fucking game developer.
Why do you need people to input on the game?
Well, we didn't get enough input on the game, so we don't know what to do.
What do you do in the situation where you don't ask the fans what they want, and you just, I don't know, create, develop, if you will, the game?
The crowdsourcing was not up to our expectations, so we fired all the employees.
You.
It was stupid.
It's just Capcom being Capcom now.
I'm sorry, but Capcom's kind of...
I don't know what they're doing.
I think some people higher up are making really dumb decisions.
Well, that's awesome.
Yeah, let's shove it in his face.
Yeah, that'll show the fans.
I don't see the point.
Do you think there could be, to play devil's advocate here a little bit, could there be legitimate concern on Capcom's part
And so therefore it's not worth...
they've done more retarded things like they put out the Mega Man powered up Mega Man game on the PSP and they did the Mega Man I think there was a Mega Man X kind of remake thing on the PSP as well that I mean the PSP it didn't have that many people that bought it and in a game like that especially where it's just a remake of the first Mega Man game not a lot of people really cared about that even though it was kind of cool they had a level editor and stuff like that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and 2 and you know there's cameos from the Servbot characters are everywhere like you know and Dead Rising and all that stuff and people love Tatsunoko vs. Capcom and Tatsunoko vs. Capcom I mean they're definitely around there it's just
I don't know, it's just kind of stupid.
There's some games you just put out to make the fans happy.
Granted, you're not going to make a lot of money on it, but I'm sorry, but when you're not really marketing this game, you're not really...
Thank you for watching!
The problem with porting a game like Mega Man Legends 3 to Xbox Live and PSN versus the 3DS is because Capcom could sell it for $40 on a physical medium versus $15 on a digital-only medium.
TheRobD in our chatroom says, Reasons why Capcom probably canceled Mega Man Legends 3.
Not many people liked Mega Man Legends 1 and 2.
Inafune left.
3DS didn't sell well.
Lack of fan demand.
Pick any of those reasons.
All of them are valid.
That said, with the fan support they were asking for, they should have released the game.
Who said that they couldn't put it on a physical medium?
I mean, they could have easily done that and put it out as a disc sell for 40 bucks.
I mean, people would have eaten it up.
Oh yeah, especially if they'd released it as a budget title, quote unquote, or it was like $29.99.
It would have sold like crazy, I think.
and you could do download content later on because everyone's about download content but Capcom just doesn't get it.
I know we're going to be talking about some other stuff from Capcom but let's look at what they're doing.
Here's their good ideas that they have.
Death Rising 2 Death Rising 2
I mean, that's kind of dumb.
And then you have, you know, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
It's like, well, you know, we were going to offer download content for the first game, and we charged a buttload for a couple of them, and then we said, fuck you!
You buy a disc now.
So...
and then all the stuff that they're doing on the IOS marketplace.
Their crappy DRM.
I mean, there's just a lot of really bad decisions.
And we see this similar type of trend with other companies.
I mean, Activision, for example.
They just kind of have to have a reality check for a little bit.
Oh, and let's not forget to mention Devil May Cry, how they're rebooting that franchise.
I don't even know what they're doing to Dante.
It's just ridiculous.
Could it maybe be that it's not so much the news that they've cancelled the project, but it was kind of the way they delivered the news?
Like, part of me thinks, especially seeing in our chatroom that there are some people that are kind of sympathetic to why Capcom cancelled Mega Man Universe.
Well, Mega Man Legends 3, actually.
There's another comment on Mega Man Universe.
Don't forget that project was cancelled, too.
I'll come back to that in a minute.
but see that's the point could it be the way they handled it like you know Netflix took a lot of crap a couple weeks ago for the way they handled the news about the price increase to Netflix service could maybe Capcom have handled this a little better well I mean
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that that strikes me as odd like that they talked about this whole way you better buy the prototype if you want the game type essentially is what they're saying without saying it and now they've just canned the whole thing they're not even gonna let the prototype come out that strikes me as very like just
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, it's just, I wasn't that, I mean, I thought it was cool, but I wasn't super psyched.
I mean, it would have been nice to have a game that I was kind of looking forward to on the 3DS, but I've just kind of come to accept that the stuff on the 3DS, there's just a lot of the stuff I was looking forward to, and trust me, there's been already three games canceled on the 3DS, including Mega Man Legends 3 that I was looking forward to for the 3DS.
Saints Row on the 3DS, and DJ Hero on the 3DS, all of those have
Well, DJ Hero's not surprising, though, considering what went on over there.
I understand that, but these were all games that kind of sold me on a 3DS, other than, you know, Kid Icarus looks pretty awesome.
I think Nintendo's going to recover a little bit come Christmas time, though, and I think some of these companies might regret it, you know?
I don't know, but we'll see.
I want to read some other comments in chat because some of these are really good here.
SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says,
well, you can't say Mega Man Universe or the Mega Man Universe was completely omitted because Trombon's a character and Servbots show up there but I also, I will admit I had a similar train of thought is that this whole stuff had me thinking as I thought about, well gee, they cancelled Mega Man Universe 2 and now they've cancelled this and I thought, how come we never got a Mega Man 11?
Mega Man 9 obviously did crazy good Mega Man 10 I think did alright but I think a lot of people were just like, okay, jokes getting old now
But, like, I'm a little worried.
Like, does this mean Mega Man at all is done for now?
I mean, I realize the creators left Capcom, so that's a very distinct possibility.
But it's a big deal.
We had Katamari games without the creator being there.
I mean, it's... And none of them really were as good as the original.
Well, that's because they didn't try.
But, you know, the whole point is, is it that they can't make any of these games or they're just not?
I mean, because if they're not, I don't understand... I mean, get over your guy themselves.
You know, if you're just like, well, we don't want his character...
He left us.
He left us.
Oh, sad.
I mean, get over yourself.
Mega Man's an iconic character.
I would think I would be challenged to make the best Mega Man game we've ever made.
If you really want to get at him, make the best Mega Man game that anyone's ever seen.
We don't need you anymore.
I mean, but... But they did.
They do need him.
That's essentially what they're admitting.
Right?
I guess.
All right.
Ah, let's move on with some more gaming news, I suppose.
Of course, you can always join our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, where a lot of folks kind of going back and forth on this, talking a little bit about the Twitter and how the announcement was handled there on Twitter.
I did not see this, but I guess it was pretty harsh on the Europe Twitter anyway.
Yikes.
All right, more gaming news here.
This is a rumor that's been confirmed to be true, and it has to do with...
GoldenEye Reloaded, we saw a listing for this on Amazon.com a couple weeks ago and it turns out it is true.
The GoldenEye remake is coming out on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3.
Some screenshots were released earlier this week.
It is interesting because the game press release didn't even mention the Nintendo 64 original or last year's Wii game.
Interesting.
But nevertheless, the game is coming out.
Daniel Craig is still playing Bond, not Pierce Brosnan.
Activision says that the game will run at 60 frames a second.
It will support the PlayStation Move sharpshooter gun controller.
Interesting.
So there you go.
It's also going to support 16 players online.
The Wii version only supported 8.
They're saying more maps, weapons, characters, and game modes.
Interesting.
I concur.
That's really, I think, what our issue with that would be.
Yeah, it's going to really be the price that this comes out.
And I'm not seeing a price here on the list, so I guess we just have to assume it's probably going to be full price.
Most likely.
Just hopefully they're smart enough not to release it like a week before Modern Warfare 3 comes out, like the last, you know, Bond game.
Release dates are really crucial in gaming.
I think that's something we're kind of coming to learn over the past couple years.
I mean, come on.
Activision, get your shit together.
You know that you have Modern Warfare 3 coming out the week after.
You may think, huh, you know, if we put this game out a week before, we're only going to get maybe one week to have sales because everyone's going to go, oh my god.
Modern Warfare 3, who gives a shit about buying this?
Honestly, this is a game, this Goldeneye Reloaded is a game that should be out now.
It should have come out now, because what do we have right now?
Nothing.
Right now, nothing.
I mean, and yes, I realize they want to get a lot of the Christmas sales and so forth, but at the same time, you've got to be real.
Look at why the one on the Wii didn't do so well.
You can't put that out this holiday, because you've got, you know, let's...
Let's start with September.
You've got Gears 3 and Resistance 3 coming out.
You've got the following month Battlefield 3 coming out.
And then you have Modern Warfare 3.
It's just going to get lost.
You need to really put that out either in August or you're going to have to wait until winter.
Don't worry about getting it out for holiday.
Or put it out in December.
Because there's nothing in December.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom at chat.orangepontrader.com says, I already played the Wii version.
No need to play it again.
But 16 players online and new characters and new maps and HD.
OMG.
Oh, sign me up.
It would be really hard to ask somebody to pay $60 twice, though, because the Wii was probably only about $50, but if this one's full price, it'll be $60.
It's going to be hard to ask somebody to pay that twice, especially for what was essentially a remake of an old game.
I'd rather see an HD remake of TimeSplitters 2.
And why that game?
Because that game is awesome.
Even TimeSplitters Future Perfect would be awesome.
It was such a great shooter.
Mm-hmm.
Alright.
Well, let's move on with some more news.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us tonight?
Well, we have some news about Google+, actually.
They have said that they're going to be getting some gaming features soon.
It's actually on the Help page.
According to a few sources, they say that they're going to do something called GameStream, where you can check for updates on the games that you're playing.
And actually, when it was on there, the link to it now is a 404.
Oh.
So, but it said that there are some things in the source code that are games get game friends, games get activities, and games post to stream.
So, hmm?
Well, I mean, this is kind of a duh, especially if you think about that we had news before that Google had invested in Zynga a couple months ago.
Actually, it was maybe more like six months ago.
They'd invested, what, like $100 million in Zynga?
So, I mean, the fact that games are going to come to Google is a bit of a duh.
Yeah.
But, you know, A, it's about how soon and I think the question that really has everyone wondering is how are they going to implement it?
Because this could really make or break Google+.
A lot of folks are really excited about Google+, right now.
Why?
Because it's not Facebook.
and what Google Plus is doing right is that they're giving people a lot of what Facebook has been very slow or very stubborn to give and that is a decent mobile app for starters once Apple finally approved it let's see they have given folks the control total control over well I shouldn't say total because there's some things about the privacy that even frustrate me too in the pictures department but like you have to have a public profile to keep your account as of the end of the month
Oh really?
Yes, actually as of the 27th Interesting I posted that on Google Plus Oh, I missed it But yeah, they said if you're You're in a circle with people I don't read their stuff I'm kidding, I just missed it It can be as little as just your name Yeah But you have to have a public profile
I think I, well, I thought you just kind of had one by default.
It's kind of like Facebook.
You have a profile, but as long as, you know, you lock everything down, nobody sees anything but your name and your default picture, which doesn't have to be you.
Yeah, I think that's it.
But I mean, but they're saying that for people who have them fully private, then their Google Plus accounts are getting wiped.
No, they wouldn't wipe.
That's what it said.
Well, wouldn't you just change it from private or something?
That seems a little ridiculous.
Hold a second.
I will get it for you.
All right.
Yeah, share the story because I'm curious about that.
So then Google might damn themselves on all these, you know, hey, we're going to do privacy right.
And then, oh, well, we're not.
That seems a little bit ridiculous to me.
I don't know.
Here it is.
It says, and this is under the Google Plus project area, public profiles, the purpose of Google profiles is to enable you to manage your online identity.
Today, nearly all Google profiles are public.
We believe that using Google profiles to help people find and connect with you online is how the product is best used.
Private profiles don't allow for this, so we have decided to require all profiles to be public.
Keep in mind that your full name is the only required information that will be displayed in your profile.
You'll be able to edit or remove any other information you don't want to share.
If you currently have a private profile but you do not wish to make your profile public, you can delete your profile or you can simply do nothing.
All private profiles will be deleted after July 31st, 2011.
That doesn't seem any worse than what Facebook does.
I mean because, okay, so you can have your name and a picture of your cat.
I mean, that doesn't seem so terrible to me.
But there are people that are getting kind of Well, because it's a step backwards for Google I think a little bit in the privacy area where everybody's been really I think it kind of feels a little bit like a slap or a step back when everybody's been very rah, rah, rah Circles are the right thing to do Circles are amazing It's the whole reason why Google Plus works Circles are this year's squares Yes, circles are this year's squares Exactly
So as far as going back to the games implementation though, I think a lot of people are nervous about how are they going to implement games because one reason that people hate Facebook is that they hate the so-and-so is growing bullshit on their farm.
Why don't you come farm with them?
And all the invites...
One thing I'm glad though, on Facebook, they have at least do hide all posts by.
Yeah, and Facebook, I will say a lot of that got better, but it took a long time for that to happen.
And so the question is, how's Google going to implement it, especially if they have a stake in Zynga?
Now, based off of the stuff that's leaked out, it sounds like a gameplay stream will be a totally separate thing.
that you would have to click on to view just the game posts.
And I think that's a great way to do it.
That way it keeps it out of my main feed where people are posting cute pictures of their cat and status updates.
And it just puts it in a place where if I feel like playing a game, then I'll click on that stream and see what's going on.
But I don't always, believe it or not, I don't always feel like playing a game when I go online.
And believe it or not, I don't always care what other people are playing.
Exactly.
Especially my mother in Farmville.
And believe it or not, everybody that sends me an invite for a game, I deny it.
Oh, and all those people, I wish that, this is one thing I wish Facebook had, to have an option where send everyone who sends you an invite a message saying, knock it off.
And another interesting comment from BlackWolf in our chat room, and this is something I have thought about before, so I guess I'll address it now.
BlackWolf says, Sky, one other thing to realize is that they insist on you using your real name.
If you use a pseudonym, i.e.
you and me, we are at risk of being suspended from Google+.
And to get unsuspended, you would need to send them a photocopy of your government-issued ID.
Well, here's the thing.
I think most of the reason why they're doing that is they're trying to keep the businesses out of profiles right now, and that my name on there isn't fuckyou.
If my name was Rob Fuck You, I think they might have a problem with that.
I think the way I'm doing it on there and the way you're doing it on there, we're kind of okay because we're people that are just trying to protect our privacy.
Because I think podcasters can be in a very unique situation sometimes.
And I've talked about violations that have happened to my privacy before and how alarming that can be.
I don't want to get into that whole spiel before, but it's scary until you've been there.
so here's my thing if Google Plus cancels my account fine I'll stop using it I'm not going to sign up under my real name period but my life will go on without a Google Plus I won't talk about it on this show I'll make my friends go to another website if they want to see my pictures and give another company the ad dollars or what have you like
I am not required to use this website I think it's pretty cool and I'd like to keep using it but there's just some things I'm not going to bend on and what would infuriate me is if Lady Gaga gets a profile on Google Plus that will infuriate me if Lady Gaga gets to have a profile and I would get mine removed because I have to use a fake last name to protect myself from stalkers then that would piss me off
because that's a double standard.
How come Lady Gaga gets to have a Google Plus profile and not Stephanie Germanotta?
That would piss me off.
Absolutely would piss me off.
Or any other celebrity that doesn't go by their real name, which is most of them.
Cher's name isn't Cher, you guys.
Madonna's name.
Actually, I think her name is Madonna.
Katy Perry isn't even Katy Perry.
Katy Perry is not Katy Perry.
Look at actors like David Tennant couldn't register under his real name.
Mm-hmm.
because there was another actor with that name registered with the Actors Guild in the UK.
The greatest rock star singer of all fucking time.
No.
Freddie Mercury was not his real name either.
Well, Ringo Starr wasn't his name, but he had to legally change.
So, there you go.
I like how someone in chat changed their name to Rob Fuck You.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom at chat.org.com says, Rob Fuck You from fucking Austria?
Yeah.
You know what I would like?
Yeah, you have to register your real name, but you can choose a pseudonym.
That would be great.
That would be great.
And Ranma in chat says, Sky, but what if she legally changes her name to Lady Gaga?
She hasn't.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Most people I meet don't realize I have a different last name.
But I have to use a different last name on the radio to protect the things I do from 8 to 5 Monday through Friday.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sharing the details of my job and my life and how I pay my rent and eat.
Because guess what?
This show doesn't do that.
Nor any podcast that you listen to unless it's maybe Adam Carolla.
Podcasts will not feed somebody.
If someone gives me a job in exchange for me having to blog about it, then I would do that.
Yeah.
If you want to pay me six digits a year to do this show, or you want us to start charging a subscription fee so that we start making six digits a year off this show, which I still wouldn't think would happen, then I'll happily use my real last name.
But that's, you know, that's where it's at.
All right, anyhow, I didn't mean this to turn into like a stalker privacy conversation, but yeah, games on Google+.
Will you play games on Google+, let me ask that.
I would think if Google has a $100 million stake in Zynga, I think Zynga has a hot new game that they're going to have exclusive on Google+, and I'm talking like Farmville 2 will be like a big land for Google+, which is going to make a lot of people eye roll.
But if they launch it the right way, it won't piss everybody off.
If they make it so that it's not in your face, people will be fine.
But this could make or break Google+.
If it's all over and it's Facebook all over again, people will just go right back to Facebook because they have their network built up there.
Well, obviously, they have a huge stake in this because with Apple going with big integration with –
Twitter, and I'm assuming at some point Facebook or something like that, the Android iOS, or the Android OS, I guess, is going with Google+, since it's a Google-based operating system.
It makes sense.
Yeah, it has the phrase on here.
If you're looking for updates shared from games, check out your game stream.
So let's hope it's all hidden in there.
That would be great.
Because I wouldn't mind playing Who Wants to Be a Millionaire on Google.
That would be kind of fun, actually.
Well, the whole reason I stopped playing a lot of those stuff, and that's actually why I haven't signed up for Turntable yet, is because Turntable requires you to link through your Facebook.
And I don't like all those apps associated with my Facebook.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and I don't want to, I've seen a lot of people who've signed up for things that I might have been interested in and later on it uses, it'll tag them as a way to advertise their stuff because the tag will show up on your friend's feed.
Right.
And I don't want to be used for something that they're not paying me for.
Right.
I gotta say though, I chose to go ahead and go into Turntable FM and I gotta say, that is a rad, it's way better than Spotify.
Turntable FM is awesome.
Well, I also read something about the legalities, how they're getting away with it.
Yeah, yeah, somebody had posted that to my wall.
If you haven't seen Turntable FM, how can I explain Turntable FM real quick?
It's basically like you and your friends get to play DJ and you can't go in a room by yourself.
That's the important thing to know.
You can, but you can't do anything.
Once a friend signs up and it's you and a friend, you can set a queue of songs to play and it'll basically go down the line of up to five DJs and play the next song on your playlist.
And it sounds so simple, but the great thing about it...
After that whole thing you just said?
Well, yeah.
Liar.
No, I'm not a liar, but that's why I'm not doing the games.
No, I know.
And you can always go revoke its permissions at any time.
That's the other thing to keep in mind.
Which I spent like an hour doing because the stupid quizzes count as apps.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
so no one's in right now so you would be going into random rooms but like if any of your friends were DJing their little pictures would show up on the right hand side and you go into rooms and just it goes down the line and up to five people just it goes into their playlist and it sounds so simple ooh they're playing Fuel I'm going to the 90s mix it's an awesome way to discover new music
It is an awesome way to discover new music.
Me and a couple of my WoW guildies were in there the other night just playing random music that we like and it was cool.
Hey, have you guys heard this song?
And it comes up next.
And yeah, the legalities, highly questionable.
This website probably won't be around in a year, but I'm going to enjoy it while I can.
There you go.
Alright, let's move on.
God, we keep bringing up stories and then it just turns into something else completely.
There, it's on there.
Everyone has to put up with my music.
Orange Tangent Radio.
You know what?
After the show, everyone in my room.
you should name your room Pillow Fight, DarkSakura's Pillow Fight well but the thing is DarkSakura you can't the way that's set up and the way they do that legality, you can't be the sole DJ you have to be DJing with at least one other person
DarkSakura's Pillow Fight
And maybe it's going to be the next evolution of 3D.
Right now, apparently, according to an interview with Develop Magazine, Sony London Studios chief Mick Hawking is talking about some head-mounted 3D displays that they've been showing off at CES.
And they're saying that we're working with a couple games at Sony that are experimenting with virtual reality type experiences.
And it's basically saying that VR could make a comeback.
and definitely, you know, I think, yeah, maybe a little bit it could because, you know, remember back in the day, graphics on PCs, not that great.
I mean, if anyone's seen Lawnmower Man, that's pretty basic stuff.
Some of those virtual reality demos back in like 95 and stuff were hilarious.
I distinctly remember one to this day where you could either be a dude walking down the street or like in the car and it was like virtual reality.
You could walk up to these homes that were just giant blocks like it but it was it was awesome.
The whole thing looked like hard driving.
Yeah, it seriously was that basic.
And nowadays, I mean, who knows when this kind of technology will be coming out.
Just technology keeps getting way better and better each year just exponentially.
And, I mean, very well in 10 years we could be seeing some sort of 3D virtual reality technology being the kind of standard for gaming and stuff.
It's definitely within the realm of possibility, I suppose.
This could definitely, certainly, maybe happen.
It is a distinct, absolute possibility.
There is a chance out there that something like this may or may not happen.
Nice.
All right.
So moving on, I guess.
I don't know.
What Sony virtual reality stuff could they really make that would be that awesome?
Well, they could really enhance home with some virtual reality technology, too.
I don't know.
Allow more members in your clubs.
All right.
I'm trying to think.
I'm thinking back to there was a peripheral back in the Super Nintendo days that were just basically goggles you could put on your face that were just televisions literally right in front of your face.
And they called it a virtual reality headset for games like on the Super Nintendo, you know, Faceball 2000.
I played it one time.
We played a couple virtual reality games.
Well, it wasn't even really virtual reality.
It was basically, yes, monitor on my eyes type thing.
um but it was at Santa Cruz on the beach boardwalk they had a thing that you could do and you could either play Quake or Duke Nukem 3D
Awesome.
It was pretty awesome.
All right.
Go ahead.
I hate getting on all these tangents.
There's something that they have at the boardwalk.
It's called being on Orange Lounge Radio.
I know.
I know.
There's something that they have on the boardwalk now.
It's called like Safe Crackers.
Not Safe Cracker.
It's like some sort of like heist game where you go in a room and you have to dodge lasers kind of like, you know.
So you're Catherine Zeta-Jones in Entrapment?
Yes, exactly.
Basically, you're doing that.
It's a game.
Or you're that scene out of Resident Evil.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Catherine Zeta, Spartacus Douglas Jones
Anyhow.
No, he's not my grandfather.
He's my husband.
Anyhow.
Yes, we need to do a Santa Cruz Boardwalk show.
That would be a lot of fun.
Anyhow.
Moving on.
Talking about the Wii U. Yes, it seems like there's new Wii U news every week and it's somebody reacting to it.
This week it's Ubisoft is reacting to the Wii U. They must like it because the whole console has a capital U just like their company.
Well, they said, Yves Guillemont, who is the Ubisoft CEO, says, We feel this console is coming with very innovative features that will change the video game industry, and we want to be a part of that.
I love that you have a screen very close to you.
You can get information and send it as well, but you don't have to learn too many things.
I think it's sending the message that the new transition is going to happen, and we're going to have new machines coming soon.
That almost seems like a bad translation to me.
You get information and send it but you don't have to learn too many things.
Well, anyhow, speaking of Ubisoft, there's been some clarification, if you will, on Assassin's Creed.
It is not a port of Revelations.
The game that is coming to the Wii U is an all-new Assassin's Creed title.
It was part of the little Nintendo announcement.
They showed a clip of Assassin's Creed, but it's actually going to be an all-new title.
So, yeah, that was clarified in the interview.
So it's something new.
Who knows?
Could be Assassin's Creed 3?
We'll see.
But you'll have that screen, and you might be able to keep some information secret.
Okay.
What?
Sorry, to go back to what I was talking about before.
It's a game called The Vault, and they have a little bit of gameplay that they're showing.
It's on TV in the lobby or whatever, but you have to have these lights shining through, and you have to dodge them to get to where the vault is in the back.
Okay.
It looks like fun.
And they play, you can't hear it, but they have the Mission Impossible music playing.
That actually looks kind of rad.
I'm not even going to lie.
I kind of want to play that.
But my fat ass would hit so many lasers.
Your gigantic ass just set off five lasers.
Congratulations.
Moving on, DarkSakura, what do you have for us before we get to release dates after this?
Well, how about the roster for Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3?
How's that sound?
Yay.
It got leaked and Capcom's not denying it.
So for Capcom, we have Strider Hear You, Firebrand, Virgil, Frank West, Phoenix Wright, and Nemesis.
Objection!
and Starz.
Two of my favorite characters on the Marvel side, I'm happy.
And my favorite character on the Capcom side, I'm happy.
Because... Well, you know, back in the day, Dan had a website called Neo Strider's Strider Zone.
He had, like, old-style, like, GeoCities-type old webpage.
And I did all the graphics for it back in the day.
Oh, wow.
When we first got together.
And so...
We actually... He totally got me into the Strider games, but now I'm a big fan of the mostly A-list, but not quite A-list, the pushing B-plus list of Marvel heroes.
So my favorite character of all time is Jessica Jones, which I know she's not going to end up in a game, but I can dream.
But now I finally get Hawkeye in a game that isn't Captain America and the Avengers.
And Iron Fist.
Iron Fist in a fighting game just makes sense.
Right.
Awesome.
What do you think, though, about the whole fact that they're putting out this ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 like not even a year after the first game came out?
I mean, isn't that kind of... The game needed tweaking.
It needed tweaking big time.
It needed free tweaking.
You have to admit, this is why people are pissed at Capcom right now about the whole Mega Man Legends 3 thing.
You get this slap in the face and then you get this slap in the face.
I don't care.
I don't think it's a slap in the face.
I'm excited.
It's a slap in the face if you bought the original.
I did buy the original and I don't care.
I want this one too.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
Hawkeye!
I will say this.
I bought Street Fighter 4 on Xbox 360 and then Super Street Fighter 4 is announced.
I'm like... Alright, well, I'll get it on PlayStation 3 because at least I know it'll have a better controller.
And then... Yeah, and then the Arcade Edition comes out.
It's like another $15.
But at least that wasn't like a...
I mean, I know it was a full retail release, but at least it was compatible with Super Street Fighter.
Well, they had a DLC that you could get that basically made it to where... Tournament Stick.
Yeah, it was.
Worth the money.
They should have done that type of stuff with Marvel vs. Capcom 3, except they decided, hey, you know, we're going to be assholes and we're going to put out each character for $5 each.
No?
Well, they only had two of them.
This is actually... None of the other characters are going to be available as DLC.
They've got Shuma Garath and Jill included with this one, and then all of the rest of the characters that I named.
I think I saw something come out of Comic-Con about other downloadable characters for the game, though.
They have costumes.
Alternate costumes.
I thought there were other characters that showed up at the Comic Con that were like download content or something like that.
Well, they've also added in a spectator mode and other new playable content.
So basically, they said this, and this is a quote here from Nitsuma, said that it's about half and half between the original download content, the planned download content, and the new content.
So basically, it's like you're getting...
I would look at it as almost a new game, like half a new game with everything else that's going into it.
And honestly, that's how I'm looking at it.
I mean, you're getting as many new characters as a new fighting game.
Yes, that's true.
At least it's down to 40 bucks, too.
So those of us who didn't buy the game the first time, like me, now have a reason to.
I look at it like a sort of Rock Band 3.
Hmm.
Interesting.
You know, your old characters carry over and you get some new ones and new content, new modes.
with Rock Band 3.
All your songs carry over and you get cymbals and new modes and harmony.
And most importantly, the keyboards.
And keyboard.
You get Keyboard Cat.
Yeah, but I wouldn't exactly say it's very similar to that because Why not?
It's exactly the same.
Why not?
Because the original game is broken.
They have issues that they need to fix for the online multiplayer and they're just like, eh, we don't want to do that.
We're just going to release a new game.
Rock Band's got issues online.
I don't play online, so I honestly personally, I don't give a shit about the online play Then it's their problem
I have no problem with it.
I believe it's Capcom's problem.
Just a quick note for the live listeners only.
Fire beware.
I don't know what happened, but Winamp crashed, so unfortunately you missed that little argument.
So you'll have to tune into the podcast to hear that.
Loki and DarkSakura just got in a little heated discussion about that.
But Winamp crashed, so it's... Loki was having an uncharacteristic caring for other people, and I didn't give a shit.
It's not uncharacteristic for me.
I care about other people.
Me, myself, and I. It's...
I think the last game I played online was Fable 2 on Xbox Live I'm not sure there's going to be a patch
No, there will not be a patch.
If they're going to announce a new game, why would they fix the old game?
I agree.
The old game is done.
Now that they've announced this, there's nothing new going to come to the old game.
And back to this, it's not Capcom's fucking problem.
People are going to pay for the game.
They're going to sell it because people love Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and I love Hawkeye, so I'm getting the game.
I have to say your Rock Band comparison makes a lot of sense.
I still don't know if I would really be happy that it's all happening in the same year, but that was probably the best argument I've heard for Capcom.
I can get why people are messed up over it, and yeah, I get it, but at the same time, they're gonna make their money.
It's not Capcom's problem, it's the consumer's problem.
And the only way it's going to be made Capcom's problem is if the consumer does not follow through.
You're right, this isn't Capcom's problem.
It's just like, you know, it wasn't Activision's problem that DJ Hero 1 didn't have any download content because, you know, they decided, hey, you know what?
We're instead of, you know, supporting it with download content like we said we were, we're just going to, I don't know, put out a new game.
Well, now, Loki, there were like nine songs you could download for DJ Hero 1.
So, I mean, that was nine pieces of download content that you could get.
Or Konami and Dance Dance Revolution, you know?
Whoa, yeah, we're gonna support this game.
I know we said we're gonna support the last game with download content, but I promise you we're gonna support this game with download content.
And here's your one piece of download content.
um you know it's it's just like that or and you may remember what happened to you know Guitar Hero where there wasn't as much download content but hey you know what we released these song packs because that's what the fans want they want all their characters and all this cool spectator mode and alternate stuff because you know what um I really need an Elvis costume for my fucking characters that's really canon for Marvel um that's gonna be really awesome so
Looking forward to it.
Oh, and by the way, not to nitpick here a little bit, Capcom, but your game Street Fighter vs. Tekken, or Street Fighter X Tekken, I know that you've added other Capcom characters.
They're not part of Street Fighter.
You need to change the fucking title.
Hey, hey, hey, I'm not to that story yet.
You need to wait.
You need to sit and hold that rant.
Alright, we gotta go to some release dates.
Travel around the world to talk about what's coming out to a store near you.
Loki, start here in the U.S.,
there's not much of anything coming out this week it's pretty much
Catherine that's on a PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and of course they have the love is something some collector's edition that love is something that love is over love is over yeah love is over you can get that collector's edition that comes with boxers and a t-shirt that's pretty awesome and then of course Pac-Man and Galaga legions and
Make your cat wear them.
Yes, Pac-Man Galaga Dimensions, that's for the 3DS.
And the Sims 3 Town Life stuff expansion is going to be coming out on PC.
That's literally it.
I mean, it's that dead.
All right.
Well, then let's go to the Xbox 360 in Japan and talk about what's coming out there.
On the Xbox 360 in Japan this week, Operation Flashpoint Red River comes out this week, as well as Dungeon Siege 3 gets its Japanese release this week.
That's it on the 360.
Those two games, of course, on the 28th.
Going to the PlayStation 3, Dungeon Siege 3 there as well.
Operation Flashpoint there as well.
And a game called Fit in 6.
Karada o Kiteru Siksu no Yosu
Alright, then there you go.
Going to, I want to see if there's anything on the handhelds real quick, or maybe anything in Nintendo's world.
The Sony PSP has Queensgate Spiral Chaos comes out this week in regular and limited, or I guess like a special edition.
Queensgate is an RPG.
Become the queen of a dimension.
Harness the power of the Queensgate.
The door that connects to all game worlds is taken over by someone evil and ambitious.
This game includes Mai from King of Fighters and the ladies from Queensblade.
So this is kind of like a Worlds Collide type of game where there's other chicks from other series.
And it looks like a farting maid.
That's what that looks like to me in that picture.
She's going, poot, and it says hip.
Look at that.
Who farts with the sound hip?
Hip!
Because she's swinging her hips.
She's going poop with her hips.
Be one of those loud whine poops.
Okay, that's plenty enough.
Hey, I just made it with my mouth.
Fit and Six, also coming out on the Wii in Japan, if you care.
On the 3DS, Super Pokemon Scramble.
I remember mentioning that last week.
Finally, a Pokemon game on the 3DS, even though it's not the Pokemon game.
It's Pokemon Dynasty Warriors.
And lastly, on the Nintendo DS, Devil Survivor 2 from Atlus this week on the regular DS, non-3D flavor.
Alright, how about the UK?
We have a few things.
We have on the 26th Call of Juarez the Cartel for PC and Dragon Age 2 Legacy for PS3, PC, Xbox 360 and on the 27th Project Dust from Ubisoft on Xbox 360.
That's about it.
A couple more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first... But first, there was a person that had the domain for ModernWarfare3.com.
They were somewhat anonymous via GoDaddy's domains by proxy hiding surface.
We use that, by the way, for our own website.
Apparently, a domain dispute from ModernWarfare3's publisher
and Activision has dissolved that shield.
It is now apparently known that it is owned by a guy from Florida named Anthony Abram and he is now doing a bunch of random things with the website including he was at one time redirecting it to Battlefield 3's main site and also spoofing Modern Warfare 3's official site and
Thank you for watching!
Yeah, I love how that's... I mean, granted that this guy, yeah, he is a troll.
And he is... You registered the domain name because he knows that Activision is going to have a Modern Warfare 3 game at some point.
That being said, I still think he should have the website.
And just because that, you know, Activision has a game... Like, you know, for example, if I registered a website that's like...
I don't know.
AwesomeSauce.com or something like that.
Let's just assume that there's no such thing as Awesome Sauce.
Some person out there decides, hey, you know what?
Billy Mitchell will do it.
Heinz57 is going to come out with Awesome Sauce and we want that domain.
You give it to us because we want it.
I don't think that because you want something in your company that you should get that.
I think that you should have registered that domain a long time ago then.
Because, you know, Activision, I don't know what to tell you, but back when you were doing Modern Warfare 2, I could have told you that there was going to be a Modern Warfare 3.
I mean, that's just...
Dumb.
He should have done the smarter thing, and he should have had some type of club or something that was like the name Modern Warfare or something, if he wanted to be smarter about it.
Like, for instance, I remember reading about this.
The guy who owns, or at least did own, I don't know if he still does, I haven't checked it in years, but Sting.com, the musician Sting tried to sue the guy who owns it because he wanted the domain because he is the celebrity Sting.
He knows that name.
and DarkSakura.com
That he had every right to the name.
That if Sting wanted it, he should have got it first.
And, you know, I think to the argument of this guy, Modern Warfare 3, that's not the title of the game.
That's the subtitle of the game.
It's Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
You know, it's not like Hello Kitty Modern Warfare 3.
It's Call of Duty.
That is, you know, if he had his website was...
Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3.
Yeah, I think there's a problem there because now you're infringing on, you know, the intellectual properties of Activision.
But this is just trolling.
It's just like, you know, Whitehouse.com.
It's a porn site.
Or it was a porn site.
You know?
Too fucking bad.
If the Whitehouse can't get a goddamn URL, then Activision should not get a goddamn URL.
I mean...
But if the guy was just trolling and has no legitimate purpose to have that title, just like these people that – like what some person sat on JuliaRoberts.com and tried to basically sell it back to her for like $10,000.
That's just embezzlement.
He's not doing that.
He's just being an asshole.
Or not embezzlement.
And you know what?
He has the right to be an asshole on the internet.
And you know what?
I don't think he does.
I think in this case.
If he has no legitimate purpose for holding that website, I don't think he... I'm just saying he wasn't smart about how he used it.
He should have used it.
If he wanted to, he could have had a dissertation about how Modern Warfare 3 is going to be a terrible game or had it be a review on Modern Warfare 3 and I think he would have had more of a say.
I don't know it just you know I think if you're not going to use it for anything worthwhile there's that committee that'll say you bring nothing good to the internet we're shutting you down SSJ100 Matt fuck you in the chat yes he changed his name to that says I'm going to register orange lounge radio 2.com
Well, okay, here's what Have fun Modern Warfare 2's official website is modernwarfare2.infinitywar.com Oh, well, I guess I can't use that anymore Oh, damn But, I mean, they have a callofduty.com They could easily do a callofduty slash modernwarfare3 or they can do mw3 since that's how it's displayed on the box I mean, there's plenty of things out there What's on that website right now if you try to go to it?
What if he did ModernWarfare3.net or something like that?
Is that going to still be an issue?
I'm going to the website right now if this autoplays anything.
Oh no, it's a totally blank page.
No source code or nothing.
ModernWarfare2.com was a website and it's a Modern Warfare 2 fan site or something.
What if I go and register ModernWarfare4.com?
What are they going to do?
But I'm going to put some stupid articles about Modern Warfare like, you know, hey, there's guns.
You should go register MegaManLegends3.com right now since you know no one else is going to use it now.
Is there a MegaManLegends3.com?
Hold on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's been going on since the early .com business days too.
There's nothing new.
Those guys need to be tossed out immediately.
If I show that I have a legitimate business purpose, those guys need to get tossed.
And here's ModernWarfare4.com with a clown on it.
Welcome to ModernWarfare4.com website.
It would appear that Infinity Ward forgot to purchase this domain.
No worries, we have good... Of course, they have no spelling.
We have good care of it.
Is this an extortion plot too?
Are we breaking the story here that there is this whole time there's been a ModernWarfare4.com?
You've all been focused on Modern Warfare 3 all week?
Well, there's a Modern Warfare 4 out there.
There's not a 5.
I'm going to register 5.
Modern Warfare 5.
That's mine.
Go get it quick.
Use a GoDaddy registration code to do that.
Oh wait, we're not sponsored by GoDaddy.
That would be hilarious.
Go ahead.
Take the domain.
Could someone register?
Would somebody be willing to spend the 20 bucks to register ModernWarfare5.com?
It's not even 20 bucks, it's 10.
$10.
What would we point it to if we bought ModernWarfare5.com right now?
The Ooga Booga site.
No.
We can make some really fake looking box art or something.
Nerf fansite.
Modern Warfare with Nerf.
It's Nerf and Nerf
Well, I've actually got not just the Nerf sword, the broadsword, I have the axe and the mace.
And we have a bunch of Nerf guns.
A lot of Nerf guns.
And the orange bat.
Nice.
What about Streetfighter5.com?
No, because Capcom won't have that out for another 10 years.
Ah, see, Actdeft.
I love that thought.
Actdeft says redirect it to President Cat.
Send it to the Renowee Twitter.
Why not?
I like that.
That's actually a really good idea.
I like that.
Eason said it should go to the NRA.
Let's put it this way.
If Professor Genki is so popular in Saints Row 3, President Cat should easily be able to come out over here.
Just a footnote and word of warning.
If you register Modern Warfare 5 and give it to us to put our pictures of nerf fights on, if you get sued, that's on you.
I disavow every knowledge that this conversation ever happened.
SSJ100MattFuckYou says, Rob, we really should register a Dance Dance Revolution site and see if Konami gives a shit.
Wouldn't mind trolling them.
What if you did it as COD Modern Warfare 5 and you're fighting with cods, like fish.
Like actual trout slapping IRL, like MIRC.
It could just be pictures.
Skye slaps DarkSakura with a trout and it would be actually me slapping her with a trout.
That would be hilarious.
That would not be hilarious.
That would be smelly.
Alright, moving on.
Speaking of smelly... No, I got nothing.
We've got... Actually, this might be kind of smelly.
You know the character Poison from Final Fight?
You mean the transgender?
Is she really?
Yes.
Poison's transgender?
Yes.
What?
It actually is officially said way back in an old interview with one of the game designers.
It was supposed to be because they couldn't make her a woman in the game because it wasn't right to hit a woman.
So that's why they made her a man.
And then they changed the character sprite in the US.
And I think in other places they gave her a longer skirt and covered up her boob.
But yeah, officially Poison is supposed to be transgendered.
Dalsim, Steve Fox, Yoshimitsu
Dude, Steve Fox is kind of fun.
All announced as characters.
I wonder if Poison would whip out her dick and smack people.
You know what?
Special attack surprise.
I'm all for a diverse character lineup in the game.
But here's the thing.
Is that if it's Street Fighter cross Tekken, she's a Final Fight character.
And okay, I get it.
Like Guy, Cody, they kind of crossed over too.
But does that mean everybody from Final Fight is now part of the Street Fighter canon?
Why can't Poison be in Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3?
Maybe a download character.
I don't know.
It just seems like a strange pick to me with so many characters in the Street Fighter universe.
But okay, they want to bring back or maybe somebody really wants to put... It's because they're super Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
You know what sucks is now I have that song running through my head.
That Belle Biv DeVoe song.
Good lord.
Alright, moving on.
Yeah, that was at a panel, by the way, at Comic-Con 2011 where it was announced that those characters would be in the game.
And I guess Hugo, Cody, and Guy have also been teased for the game.
Well, that would make sense if Poison's in it, that Guy and Cody are going to show up at some point as well.
Gosh, I wonder how many characters this game's supposed to have.
It's crazy.
So there you go, all characters that are set to come out in Street Fighter X Tekken, which is a game that I'm pretty excited about actually.
Wasn't Chico supposed to be like Andori, who was actually based off of Andre the Giant?
Oh yeah?
But they changed his name because of the state.
Oh right, I remember those characters that looked just like Andre the Giant.
Yeah.
Funny.
All right.
Let's move on to the classic game of the week.
Yay.
Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, we like to take a trip down memory lane.
Where's my theme music?
Have I lost the theme music?
This is a big deal.
Where's the theme music?
There we go.
Yay.
I was going to be in a very bad mood if I couldn't hear this happy music.
Anyway.
Classic Game of the Week is a chance for us to walk down memory lane and check out a game that DarkSakura thinks, hey, you kids should be playing this game right now.
Good luck finding one.
Well, regardless, here it is, your Classic Game of the Week.
The classic game of the week is Planet Harriers, which I brought up at the beginning of the show, and I've brought up constantly throughout past shows.
I'm finally reviewing it, because damn it, this game is awesome!
But it is part of the Space Harrier series, and it has a twin cabinet, so two people can play at the same time, or you can do a networked two-player game, and you actually play seeded.
and it's controlled through a joystick.
You have a missile and a bullet trigger and you can change your views and you have bomb buttons all on the main panel.
So you can choose either four characters.
It's Glenn, X, Corey or Nick and basically they fly on the screen and you are behind them so it's that...
Sort of third-person style, but not quite.
And then in two-player mode, you actually can dock together to save your life.
And it has the Opa-Opa in it, because you cannot have a game in the Fantasy Zone without the Opa-Opa.
So this game, a little bit more information about it is that it actually was on the Hikaru system, which was basically a double mountain.
And you don't play versus, you play as a team to clear off the screen.
And your joystick is an eight-way stick, and it's stereo sound.
And the game came out in 2001.
And you know the last place that I saw one at was at Great America?
When we went to see Margaret Cho.
They had that there?
They had that there.
Wow.
That's pretty cool.
And I remembered because, oh, the female character that you can play, basically, she wears a nurse's outfit and shoots a giant syringe as her weapon.
But it's also cool because the final boss in this game will turn into a variety of different shapes, like it'll be a fish or waves.
And one of the things it turns into is the Dreamcast logo.
The little squirrel.
But yeah, I mean, it's basically you, you know, you have obstacles in your way, and when you're actually on the ground, you're running on the ground like in Space Harrier, but when you're in the air, you're shooting.
And it's got great music, it's got great graphics for 2001, and it only ever came out in the arcade.
There was a talk of them doing a Dreamcast port.
It never happened.
which I don't see why they didn't because it would be super easy given, you know, how high the Dreamcast is basically now on me.
The other thing that I liked about this one too, and it's actually the part that you just got to in the video, Rob, is it has a shop like in Fantasy Zone.
I was going to say it reminds me of Fantasy Zone.
Yeah, so you can go in and you buy like big bombs or more speed or more shield and you use it to power yourself up as you go along because you're also collecting your points and your money as you go along too.
So it's just a really neat game and they didn't really I think make a whole lot of them and it kind of died out so there's no home version of this.
Now, I've been trying to find it emulated, and from what I understand, what was it that I downloaded today?
Apparently, the main .14164 bit runs it, but I don't think very well.
I haven't been able to find much more else about the emulation, but really that's the only way that you're probably going to be able to play it, unless you happen to know where one is.
and if you know where one is, tell me so that I can go play it I was so pissed off when we went to the Sega Arcade in Seattle to Gameworks and they did not have a Planet Harrier
I thought you were going to buy the former Sunrise Fun Center and make it your bitch and you were going to put all these great games in that place You know what, when I have money I'll be doing that
So maybe in 2035 But that is the classic game There it is, Planet Harrier Your classic game of the week The seat is plastic Your classic game of the week
Alright, we got plenty more show to go, but don't go anywhere.
We're going to be right back after this quick break with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio, including more news on things like Minecraft and Child of Eden on the PlayStation 3.
And then we're going to talk about Zynga getting sued.
Good times.
Of course, your calls and, so excited, a list list tonight.
Yay!
So we're going to do a list list tonight when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to episode number 421 of Orange Lounge Radio live on this July the 24th of 2011 as we are live of course every week Sunday nights at All Games Radio www.allgames.com and there's lots of great stuff you can't tune in on Sunday nights you should listen to allgames.com throughout the week there's a lot of other great shows many of them live that tape throughout the week so check that out.
DarkSakura.com
Okay, I'm equipped.
and what it's basically getting at is that there's a large LAN party that happens in Texas and it's being organized to celebrate the launch of Battlefield 3 which is this big game that's being launched and so forth.
They've decided that the best way to deal with slurs that end up getting hurled at female gamers at these events is to just prevent women from attending.
So no women will be allowed to attend this event in Texas.
Let me read a quote from the FAQ.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Quote, Nothing ruins a good LAN party like uncomfortable guests or lots of tension, both of which can result from mixing immature, misogynistic male gamers with female counterparts.
Though we've done our best to avoid these situations in years past, we've certainly had our share of problems.
As a result, we no longer allow women to attend the event.
Now, thoughts so far before I read the update.
I will be fair.
This paragraph has since been changed, but let's hear DarkSakura's initial reaction to this.
If they're a private organization and then they do have the right as a private organization, however,
You have the right to call them dickheads.
Outside of the box.
Just go for, well, this will be this way.
We just won't have chicks there, huh?
Well, for this whole weekend, they will all be thinking outside of the box.
Because there will be no boxes at this event, if you know what I mean.
Well, this is why, sorry, but this is why male geeks get a bad rep.
You are afraid of us.
And so, when we kick your ass, you have to resort to name-calling.
Like you do when some noob kicks your ass It's just immaturity is all it is They just name call everybody And it's the women that get upset about it Maybe if women would cry less they'd get invited to these events
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You kill me?
Stop being such a fag.
You're being a fag.
You're a little fag right now.
And I guarantee you, in a room like that, there's going to be at least one who passed the penis check.
And the other thing, too, if you've got to complain about people killing you in a death match where the point is to kill each other, I don't understand.
Why are you killing me?
Why are you killing me?
Because that's the point of the game!
I'm calling for infiltration.
Infiltration?
Women run in?
Stampede?
Burn your bras?
No.
I'm calling for chick drag.
Chick drag?
You know it exists?
Oh yeah, oh god.
I was at the bar one night with friends with a birthday celebration.
We got there a little early and we walked right in on a drag king show.
I kid you not.
I wanted some drag kings and some nice butch lesbians to go in.
It was very butch.
Drag Queens are very sassy.
Because Drag Queens are taking the ultimate of the feminine mystique and playing it all of it up.
So that's the same thing for Drag Queens.
They take the boring dudeness and make it more boring and doodly.
Going to the chatroom at chat.orange.com Tons of comments in chat here Actdeft says they should ban the immature people instead of women Breakman says nothing ruins a good sausage fest like a woman Laha says this is why we can't have nice things Frisbee says this isn't the south, this is Texas
All right, look, to be fair, there was an update.
They did remove that paragraph.
And here's what happened.
They're saying this event is a gentleman's retreat.
We actively discourage gamers from being the kind of misogynistic jack wagon seen in the Reddit post, and such behavior should not be tolerated.
Frankly, we don't like that kind of player either.
So far as this event goes, it's a special event designed specifically for male gamers.
Further, it is meant as a getaway designed to help said male contingent become better men, both for themselves and for those who love us.
Yeah, that's more bullshit.
I gotta tell ya.
I gotta tell ya.
I've never been to Texas.
No, I was in Texas once for like five minutes.
For the few smart people in Texas, like Travis, you're not on the stupid list.
Yes.
Most everybody else is on the stupid list.
I know plenty of smart people in Texas.
And there's some that listen to this show, actually.
It's like Jeff Foxworthy says, when it comes time to talk about the South, the news always points out the least common denominator.
You know?
Here's the thing.
I got to admit, there's a part of me that's a little bit tempted since it is an all-male retreat.
It's only 49 bucks.
Maybe I should go and maybe I should flame it up a little bit.
You know what?
I heard there was a retreat!
Oh my god, we're gonna play some Battlefield?
I love Battlefield!
He just shot you in the head, what a stupid bitch.
There's a small part of me that wants to, even though I would play up to every negative stereotype I'm sure these guys already have, like, I just, you know there's that part of me that just
Now, here's my idea.
One, you either have the infiltration go on, have a woman beat all the guys' asses, and go, oh, by the way, here's my boobs.
Or, the ladies have their own counter-retreat.
Say, fine, you're not inviting us, bitches, you're not allowed.
and some interesting comments from chat here.
Black Wolf says, are they also telling black people to stay home?
No, race is not a part of this.
So they're just sexist, not racist.
They're just sexist.
I'm going to just guess with nothing to back me up, also homophobic.
And maybe a little bit racist, but I don't know.
But no, we're not seeing any apparent racism going on here.
Salacious Pop says, Loki, I feel that women who opt into participating in that first person shooter culture know what they're getting into to a point.
But neckbeards realize this and decide to escalate it until it becomes pretty disgusting and unacceptable no matter what kind of game it is and a line just gets crossed.
And you should be able to shit talk without going the gender race gay route.
It just means you're not very articulate.
Aha!
Become a smarter cut lower person.
There you go.
You just need to be smarter about your cut downs.
You know, but I mean, and I'm... And this is why I say this, and people, smart people in the South will know what I'm talking about, is that that's just, it just is like typical.
It's just typical.
Typical.
BlackWolf in our chatroom says, Devil's Advocate, there are plenty of female-only LAN events and that's empowering girl gamers.
True, but the backpedaling here a little bit is what makes it notable.
And they have the frag dolls.
It's an all-female team.
So they don't allow men in the frag dolls at all?
Like if I tried to be a frag doll, I couldn't do it?
Yeah, you go ahead and play your first person shooters.
Step into Grand Theft Auto, I'm going to own your ass.
But the whole point is just that it's really... And Breakman is asking us to stop hating on the neckbeards, please.
He has a neckbeard and he's feeling a little offended right now so that we need to stop being neckbeard-a-phobic.
Hey, ZZ Top.
Alright.
But my point is...
This is shit that I've run into all the time when I lived in Alabama.
My geek knowledge far exceeded any of the guys.
But, you know, oh, we're doing a guy party, sorry.
Fuck you!
I just kicked your ass at this game yesterday, is that why I'm not going?
No comment.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Horde House is my World of Warcraft podcast I do with my buddy Extifer the best little Horde House in Azeroth we did put out a new show this week there's a contest this week you gotta listen to the very very very very end but there's a contest this week as well for free game time which any WoW player is gonna want and I know is a good prize there so check that out HordeHouse.com is the website and yeah all the information and then some you could stomach on the World of Warcraft has anyone guessed it on any podcast or anything this week that's the only yes
What did you guest on this week?
Well, as I said last week, I'm on two episodes of Pop Culture Parlay.
Ah, you did an episode arc.
Yes.
Which you can go to geek-life.com and download or go on iTunes.
There you go.
All right.
Check that out.
Pop Culture Parlay.
I did listen to a little bit of that first episode you were on while I was driving to the store or something.
And I was recently on Girls Gone Well.
So you can look back for that episode too.
The Mystery Third Podcast I'm hoping will be a reality very soon.
We've just had some we're too busy setbacks going on and knowing my week next week that's not going to get any better.
So we'll see what happens.
I'm busy Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
So
Busy, Busy Bee.
Busy, Busy Bee.
So hopefully we'll get that together.
There is a third podcast coming.
It's not going to be like a huge thing.
It will be like 30 minutes tops a week.
Breakman suggests you go as Captain Sassy Pants.
We'll see.
So yeah, that's to look forward to.
And then also, speaking of like guesting on shows and stuff, I just want to kind of throw that out there.
Like, you know, if you have a podcast or your own show, I've heard some people say like, oh, well, I would ask you to be on the show.
But my show is just this little show that's nothing serious.
And, you know, I never wanted to ask you guys because I'm too shy.
Dude, if I have the time, I will gladly come on any show.
Like, as long as your show isn't, you know...
I'd be happy to guest on any show.
The size of this show is not that large, so don't feel like you can't ever approach us.
Oh, size isn't what matters.
It's girth.
So you can email us either at mailbag at orangeauntradio.com or you can even email me directly.
I just went right past what you said.
Rob at orangeauntradio.com.
You got rid of yours because too much spam, right?
Which one?
Oh, yeah.
Orangeauntradio account.
I got way too much.
But there's ways to find her.
If you message the mailbag, I'll see it.
So it's not like... And we would be happy.
As long as we can fit it into the schedule somewhere.
Keep in mind we're on the West Coast and for a lot of... And I'm on Twitter, darksakra.com.
Oh yeah, Twitter's a great way to get a hold of us too.
That's how I still got a hold of me.
Excellent.
So there you go.
We're always happy to come.
We're approaching our 10th year of podcasting and we want it to be a big fucking deal.
So especially come next year, we're going to try and go on as many shows as we can.
So we're always happy to do that.
Anyhow, that's all I wanted to say.
Give us more stuff to plug at the top of Part B until our third podcast launches.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news.
Some news that we just didn't have time to cover elsewhere.
Loki.
Yes, of course there's some more details now out about the 360 port of Minecraft.
This is coming from Notch, of course the guy behind Minecraft.
And saying there's actually going to be marketing for the Xbox 360 version of Minecraft.
So I've agreed to be slightly less transparent than usual when it comes to that version.
And basically saying that there's going to be some...
DarkSakura,
That's what I'm going to do at the Gentleman's Retreat for Battlefield, by the way.
Don't shoot me!
I don't know about that.
Basically, he also said that there's, of course, the Xperia Play version of Minecraft that's going to be coming out for $7 sometime this fall.
And I guess it's programmed in a way that will make it easy to port to all sorts of mobile phones.
So that's kind of neat.
I'm sure we'll hear more details as we get closer to its release.
I'm sure it'll be pretty big.
If you just love Valve and you really want to get your hands on some Valve action figures and other stuff, well, you're going to wait until 2012.
But, toy company NECA...
They have revealed their lineup at Comic-Con, including a bunch of different franchises.
Starting with Half-Life 2, you can be able to get a Gordon Freeman action figure.
Team Fortress 2, you can get a Pyro, Heavy, and Demo action figure.
And also they have Left 4 Dead, the Boomer and Smoker action figures.
And finally, for Portal 2, Atlas and Peabody action figures, as well as a replica Portal gun and a resin and plush weighted companion cube.
Portal Gun, that's going to be pretty awesome.
I'm telling you though, NECA, if you really want to impress me, you'll do full-size turret bots.
Do they sing?
Because if that's the case, I kind of want one.
Are you still there?
Are you still there?
All right.
Can't wait for you to bring that to the show.
Are you going to bring that to episode 500?
Yeah, sure.
All right.
And then finally, Grasshopper Manufacturing is putting out a new game.
It was featured in Famitsu Magazine, and it is straight up Grasshopper.
Lollipop Chainsaw is the new game.
It's going to be coming out on PlayStation 3 and 360.
It is basically a game about a cheerleader raised by zombie hunters who uses her acrobatic training and chainsaw to destroy zombies.
Wasn't that a side plot in Jurassic Park 2?
Where that acrobat little girl kicked the dinosaur in the face?
Yeah, they said that was retarded.
This looks awesome.
Hey, hey, hey.
You said you're not going to use that word anymore.
Yeah, whatever.
Um...
so this should be pretty awesome and they have some screenshots up for it and she's got a chainsaw with hearts on it and she's killing zombies so it sounds to me almost a little bit like Oni Chambara just hopefully plays a lot better and of course Akira Yamaoka working on the sound nice so all good that would have made the Jurassic Park 2 a lot better if Akira Yamaoka had done the soundtrack
Did you hear there's, by the way, a confirmed Jurassic Park 4 is in development?
They want to bring that back.
I loved those movies when I was a kid, at least the first one.
I think the plot of them, you know, somehow making it to mainland and kind of spreading would be pretty awesome.
No, because that's what happened at the end of the second movie and it was terrible.
That's what made that movie so bad.
No, what made it bad is just they have a feature of the T-Rex.
I'm talking about like, you know, where it's years later where they're multiplying and coming out in small towns and stuff.
Planet of the Dinosaurs.
Yeah, track them down.
Team Fortress Arcade Team Fortress Arcade Team Fortress Arcade
For example, the Demoman can blast out sticky bombs and explode whenever he does the jumping.
Engineerings can do upgrades with the wrench and so forth.
There's actually some hands-on sessions that have been reviewed on around the internet.
There's even a little YouTube there that I guess some site did.
It's like a little review.
I think he's probably talking over this, but let me see if you get...
and DarkSakura
and also announced to Comic Con this week an R2-D2 Xbox 360.
That's right, it's an Xbox 360 bundle coming with a white Kinect and a white Xbox 360 that is kind of skinned, so to speak, to look like a R2-D2.
So it's kind of got that blue and the little vents and so forth.
I thought that was kind of neat.
It looks really cute and of course it comes with Kinect Star Wars and it's a 320 gigabyte edition.
It's a $449 bundle.
Speaking of which, Connect Star Wars and stuff, we're doing our company game something where we have publishers out and they sometimes bring demos and stuff.
I'll actually get the demo Connect Star Wars Tuesday.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, tell us what you think about that because it looks really bad, but it could be fun.
We'll see.
And I really hope THQ brings Saints Row 3 with them.
We'll see.
I really want them.
I am upset with Actdeft right now.
Why?
For mentioning Horchata and I really want some now.
Orchatas are delicious.
I know.
They have places open 24 hours that sell Orchatas.
If we can't get Pinkberry, let's get Orchatas.
You want to go get Orchata and a taco?
Yes.
All right.
I don't know.
This show's running late tonight.
All right, we'll see.
Anyhow, this news is not quite as awesome as the Orchata, but it's very, what is this going on here?
Okay, remember Mortal Kombat and the download character's Mortal Kombat.
And we knew for quite some time that there was going to be the Kenshi...
There was going to be Scarlet and Rain.
We knew those three characters for quite some time, but Warner Brothers really kept the fourth character under wraps for a long time.
Well, the fourth character was revealed this week.
The fourth download character for Mortal Kombat is going to be not Tanya, not Meat.
It's going to be Freddy Krueger.
To which a lot of people kind of went, kind of want?
Like, I think that was the reaction of most of my friends.
It was like, okay.
It's kind of cool.
I guess I can do this.
I like the fatalities.
Yeah.
No, yeah, the fatalities in the video were pretty awesome.
Like, throwing one into the incinerator or whatever.
In the furnace, because, you know, you had the boiler room.
And the first one that they showed with him pulling him down and the blood coming up.
Yeah, that was very... That was a nod back to the first movie.
That was a scene right out of the first movie, yeah.
With Johnny Depp.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
DarkSakura.com
In other news... Well, a character that is confirmed for Arkham City is Talia al Ghul, the daughter of Ra's al Ghul, who is sometimes an anti-heroine and sometimes bad and sometimes good.
But she is going to be voiced by Stanna Kadic, who is in Castle.
So other characters that are going to be in there now is the Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Robin, Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, Harley Quinn, Penguin, Two-Face, Hugo Strange, Victor, Zaz, Calendar Man, and Black Mask.
And moving forward, Dance Central is getting some new songs.
It's actually getting one from Afrika Bambaataa and the Soul Sonic Force, Planet Rock, which is one of my favorite songs.
Tayo Cruz, Break Your Heart, and Trey Songz featuring Fabulous.
It says Fabulous.
Learn to spell.
But hey, I'm excited about the first one.
And then, last but never least, Child of Eden gets a PS3 date.
It will be on September 20th in the US and September 23rd in Europe.
And the European price is going to be about half as much for the PS3 version.
So, hey.
That's it.
Awesome.
Alright, I guess we should go to the Twitter, although I forgot to plug that at the top of the show, so I don't know if we actually got a lot of tweets tonight.
But that's okay, because we're running long tonight anyway, so I guess something's got to give at some point.
What's going on in the Twatter?
Let's go look at the Twatter right now.
Before I get to Twitter, though, can I say, there was another game I've been playing this week that I forgot to mention, and I just caught myself looking at it.
So, I have to say, on the iPhone, there's this game called Tiny Tower.
I think a lot of people are playing this.
BitBook
and you can look at what the citizens of your tower are posting on their bitbooks and let's see like for instance I forgot to restock the plant nursery for like a couple hours because I'm doing this show so one of my people wrote on bitbook came to work at the plant nursery but no one is here
It's just things like that.
But the other day, one of them wrote something like, we're going to have a party to celebrate so-and-so moving in, silly hats only.
And that really cracked me up because it was a reference to the cartoon Rejected.
Awesome.
Anyhow, yeah, that's a free game.
I've been playing the shit out of that because, you know, the tower bucks are what costs money, but you don't need them to play the game.
So that whole thing going on.
All right.
Anyhow, back to the Twitter.
Let's see.
Going to the tweets.
Getting into some twats here.
Let's see.
DJ Ranma S tweeted something that's going to come up in a little bit here on the show, I think.
Yeah, it's coming up a little later, so I can't read his tweet.
But let me go to Spazinator.
Got the ball rolling on getting my PS3 fixed yesterday.
Just waiting on the coffin now.
Non-gaming news.
As of today, gay marriage is now legal in New York State.
I think that's terrific.
I wish our state would catch up.
I'm like, it's not going to send like a gay wave across the nation.
I'm like, gay people are going to be in happy, committed stuff whether you choose to acknowledge it legally or not.
And when you don't acknowledge it legally, that's called discrimination.
I'm like, it's as simple as that.
Like, what are you going to accomplish banning gay marriage?
Nothing.
But by doing it, you are... I could get into that whole rant, but it's just like... I think Dee Snider said it best in a tweet this week.
Yes, I'm referring to Dee Snider from... What was it?
Twisted Sister?
Twisted Sister.
He said something like, it's 2011.
If you don't finally support gay marriage, then you're the problem.
Agreed.
Anyhow, that's how I feel.
If you don't agree with me, deal with it.
Let's see.
I can't remember if this is coming up later or not.
I think I can talk about this one.
If I'm repeating a story coming up, I apologize.
SJ100Matt tweeted us with a story about Bobby Kotick.
Bobby Kotick opened his mouth again to spew more trash this week.
Now he says DJ Hero was a huge mistake.
This is in an interview with Forbes Magazine.
Bobby Kotek says DJ Hero was a passion project.
We should have said, well how many people really want to unleash their inner DJ?
And then out of the people who do want to unleash their inner DJ, how many want to do it in the context of a game where you earn points versus just taking a DJ deck or tools on their Mac and actually being a DJ?
And it turns out it's a very small market.
And Bobby Kotick said that seeing DJ Hero fail despite critical acclaim in the marketing plan that pushed it down their throats was one of the hardest failures for him.
So there you go.
And he also talks about Guitar Hero and so on.
Quote, it was very clear people didn't want more 80s heavy metal music, but what they wanted was very difficult for us to get from the music companies.
The number one thing that our audiences wanted in Guitar Hero was Led Zeppelin.
But we couldn't get Led Zeppelin to consent to give us the rights.
Interesting.
So kind of blaming the failure of Guitar Hero on the music industry.
And maybe there's only so many songs that people want to play.
Especially when you look at rock band.
Shit, rock band has almost everything now.
Seems like.
And I'm always wanting more.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
Moving on to other tweets.
Zether77 tweets us saying, According to a YouTube video, OpaOpa is a hidden character in Planet Harriers.
Yes, but OpaOpa also makes appearances in levels.
Ah, I see.
and somebody else I'm guessing is on his friends list.
What is this?
Kijikage responded to him and said, I've been wanting that for years, like since GameCube came out.
So you're not alone in your Planet Harrier love.
Planet Harriers is like... It did look pretty awesome.
It did look pretty awesome from the video you showed me.
I kind of wish I'd played that.
I had no idea that it was at Great America.
I just somehow overlooked that.
Anyhow, TigerClaw sends us a couple tweets.
One of them's about Majora's Mask.
That's right, on the 3DS.
Why not?
Because, you know, we had Zelda Ocarina of Time on the 3DS.
Why not Majora's Mask?
E.G.
Anoma, who is one of the folks behind Zelda
I guess they're saying that if fans demanded it, they would make it.
Oh, so that you'll do, but oh, the people wanting you to port a simple game that's already been localized.
Nah, you'll take a shit on them.
Yep.
Although, I don't know, I still think, Loki, there's going to be a press conference where it says the fans demanded it.
Of course they're going to, and they're going to come out looking like the heroes.
Look at those abs, dude.
Oh, on Poison?
Poison.
All right.
Look, last tweet here from Tigerclaw about Wesley Snipes.
He has made a video game from prison.
Absolutely right.
This is Julius Stiles the International.
It's a video game that Wesley Snipes... Not to be confused with Julius Stiles.
That's right.
Wesley Snipes, by the way, most famous for his role in Too Wong Fu, Thanks for Everything, Julie Newmar.
Does not look good in drag.
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
I guess the game is only coming out on iPad and iPhone because those are probably the easiest platforms to publish on.
And we like criminals.
There you go, Julia Stiles.
If you want to support Wesley Snipes and help fund his legal fund, you can check out this game.
That's it for the Twitter tonight at twitter.com slash OLR.
Hey, we're just about to tonight's list list.
I'm so excited.
We haven't done one of these in forever and I thought it's high time we do another game.
But first, another bout of news for you.
Ah, yes.
Um, you know, it's like every other week we have a lawsuit against Zynga.
Or, you know, even one week we had Zynga suing someone else.
But no, this week it's actually a lawsuit against Zynga over Farmville, of course.
Uh, the source code.
Apparently, a California-based web developer named, um, Social Apps...
They decided to sue Zynga because of alleged copyright infringement, violation of trade secrets, breach of written contract, breach of implied in fact contract, and breach of confidence.
Their argument is that they entered into agreement with Zynga, whereas Zynga would receive access to their source code for the social apps Facebook game MyFarm in exchange for some form of compensation.
According to the suit, Zynga was given the code, at which point they fled into the night, never to be heard from again.
Social Apps claims that MyFarm's source code provided the foundation for FarmVille, as well as its many derivatives.
They're seeking permanent injunction, damages, attorney's fees, as well as any of Zynga's profits or gains which can be attributed to FarmVille.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then Zynga would give them money that they never got.
Is that what essentially this is about?
Am I hearing this right?
I guess, but I don't know why if you would let someone look at your source code and expect them not to steal it.
You know what I mean?
I mean...
or use it in some way, I guess.
Exactly.
Why would you want to do that?
What would be the point?
Well, maybe Zynga had the idea on how to get it out there.
I mean, Zynga, before they put out Farmville, weren't they already huge for Mafia Wars?
I don't know.
Don't care.
So I could see where maybe you're going to take somebody else's game and make it better and market it a little better and then make tons of money off of it.
But yeah, you would owe them a piece of the profits.
But of course, we're only hearing one side of this.
Have we had an official response from Zynga yet?
I guess not, huh?
Nope.
Zynga
Xbox.com.
We heard about this happening before, that games would soon be a part of Xbox.com.
But now, I guess with games for Windows now combining with Xbox.com, there are four free trial games that you can play on the Xbox 360 homepage.
You can play them right in your browser, and you don't have to install them to your computer or anything.
Now the games that you can play...
Plants vs. Zombies, Bejeweled 3, Zuma's Revenge, and Text Twist 2 Which are all pretty much PopCap games Or they're stuff that sound right off of... What is it?
The Zone, MSN Zone has been around forever And it had all those games too And it's kind of weird that Microsoft hasn't brought that into the fold If they haven't already Does that still exist?
I remember I had an account there like forever ago
Yeah, ZoneMSN.com still exists.
I'm really surprised this isn't in the fold, too.
I mean, these are like as casual as they get games, though.
This is where you can play such winners as Bubbles!
You can play them in your sleep.
That's casual.
Patchworks!
And Fishdom's Spooky Splash!
DarkSakura
Well, how about something that... I had to make sure that it wasn't a joke when I first saw it.
Capcom is announcing Street Fighter vs. Hello Kitty.
I'm not joking.
Wait, what?
Fall 2012, Street Fighter and Hello Kitty will have a single game together.
So I could, like, play as Bats Maru and, like, kick E. Honda's ass?
I guess.
But they put up a picture of Kitty dressed up as Chun-Li.
It was like just a flash on the screen.
And there's nothing else, you know, really about it.
But the quote says that... This is from Joshua Izzo, who's the director of licensing with Capcom.
Capcom has long admired Sanrio and their ability to create memorable and cherished lifestyle brands.
So it is a distinct pleasure to partner with them for this new crossover line of merchandise.
So it looks like it's just merchandise, really.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just like handbags and wallets.
Could you imagine them doing Pocket Fighter with Sanrio characters?
That would be weird.
It would be kind of weird, but funny.
That's kind of cute.
I don't know.
There's a part of me, when I first heard this story, I was like, no way are they making a game.
And then I heard it was the merchandising, and I'm like, that is really weird.
And I see the picture of Hello Kitty as Chun-Li, and I'm like, what in the actual fuck is this?
And why do I still really want it?
I want a Batsmaru done up as Golki.
I think Batsamaru would probably get the Ryu treatment.
I think that's what I'm going to see.
No, Dear Daniel would.
You think?
I think.
We'll see.
But I love this Chun-Li kitty.
It's so adorable.
I want that.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get to Listless.
I'm so excited.
We haven't done a game here on OLR in a long time, so let's do Listless.
Listless.
Tonight, we are going to create the definitive list on a particular topic in gaming.
And here's the way that Listless works.
We're gonna all go around in studio, and I'm gonna bring on a guest on the phone here in a moment, and we're each gonna bring up our list of three possible choices to put on the list.
But then the difficult part,
We all go around and eliminate one from the list.
That will leave us with a list of eight possible answers for the topic.
And then you guys in the chat room will get to vote on your number one and number two picks.
So our list combined with your votes create the definitive list for this topic.
And there's no argument.
This is a highly scientific process.
There's no arguing.
This is what the fans want.
All right.
So I bet you are dying to know tonight's topic.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
is adding characters, so what characters should be next?
Let me bring on a fourth panelist tonight.
Now, I have to admit, I was trying to get Extifer tonight because it would have been fun, and I know he plays the Mortal Kombat series, but unfortunately he had to bow out, so he's not going to be able to be on the show tonight.
He was getting his asshole bleached.
Exactly, exactly right.
So he couldn't join us.
But I got a substitute that tends to substitute for Extifer over on Horde House as well when needed.
So here we go.
I'm going to give him a call right now.
One ringy dingy.
Hopefully it rings.
I don't know.
Two ringy dingy.
There we go.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, Salacious Pop.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, not much.
Welcome to Orange Laundry.
Or welcome back, rather.
And thanks for... Thinking how since I've moved up in here with you, I'm sort of on the show less than when I was when I lived in the Bay.
I know.
But here you are.
You're back again tonight.
You're welcome to come over whenever you want.
Filling in for Extover, sort of, who is who I was trying to get for this segment tonight.
But just like on Horde House, you are saving the day.
So I appreciate it.
Now, usually we have guests on here to plug websites or their own podcasts.
Is there anything you want to plug tonight?
I was also the guest commentator on the most recent episode of Horde House for WoW discussion, if anyone cares about that.
But otherwise, not really.
No, I hate WoW and I hate Horde House.
It's a bad show.
You should probably stop producing it because you're one of the co-hosts.
All right, let's get to tonight's list.
All right, so you've already been briefed on the topic at hand, so everybody here in studio and on the phone should have their top three answers.
Now that Mortal Kombat is clearly adding whatever character they want, what character should be next?
Now, we're also relying on those of you in chat to give your answers, because if one of us has an item get duplicated on the list or something where we don't want to say the same thing twice, we often turn to chat.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Weren't there always rumors of an Ash vs. Freddy vs. Jason movie?
There was, yeah.
And actually they did a comic of Army of Darkness vs. Marvel Zombies.
And he was in it.
Interesting.
Yeah.
So not out of the entire realm of possibility of Ash being in a fighting game.
And you know Bruce Campbell likes money.
Yeah, of course, of course.
All right, I'll go next.
I'm going to say my number three answer is Barney the Purple Dinosaur is my number three answer.
That's awesome.
Who doesn't want to perform a fatality on Barney?
I love you.
You love me.
Let's go and beat up Barney with a baseball bat.
We'll knock him to the floor.
No more purple dinosaur.
There you go.
I'll never sing again on this program, ladies and gentlemen.
Barney the Purple Dinosaur.
Is he even on TV anymore?
I think so, yeah.
Are you a big fan of Barney slash Pop?
I have two half-brothers that are significantly younger than me, and they were toddlers during the early and mid-90s, which was when Barney the Dinosaur ruled the fucking world.
So yeah, my 16-year-old ass had to sit at home and watch those VHS tapes 20, 30 times in a day.
So how do you feel about Barney in Mortal Kombat?
There's some trauma there.
I think I could get out my PTSD, my post-traumatic stress disorder, by killing him in Mortal Kombat from my teenage years.
I would be a fan of that.
Alright, awesome.
Alright, Loki, we'll go to you next.
What's your number three answer?
My number three answer, Colonel Sanders.
Why the Man from KFC?
Because it would be hilarious.
It reminds me of Project Aco.
It's the Colonel!
I love it.
Yeah, it just would be fun.
Alright, Salacious Pop, your number three answer.
This might be a little bit obscure, but for those who remember the Spawn comics, Spawn from the 90s, Angela.
Angela from Spawn.
Oh, okay.
She's got the TNA and she's got the brutality, so I think she'd be a great fit.
Spawn was a demon from hell after this alien sort of usurped Lucifer from hell.
So Spawn was a demon.
Angela was this badass angel from heaven, except she would just fucking kill you.
She was brutal.
It wasn't a very feathers and wings and pretty choir angels with halos.
She was really a force to be reckoned with.
So I definitely think she could kick some ass in Mortal Kombat.
Pyramid Head
Pyramid Head from Silent Hill.
Need I ask why?
No, you don't need to.
I could ask, but then I might end up dead, right?
He's badass.
And that's actually a serious suggestion.
That's a good answer.
Pyramid Head is on the list there.
I saw that in chat.
and I actually, when I saw it go by in chat, Zether in chat suggested when I saw that, I was like, ooh, I'm taking that one if one of mine gets stolen.
But since now it's already on the list, I'll use my original number two answer, which I'm sorry, this would be badass and this should absolutely be in Mortal Kombat.
And who is a character, I'm gonna ask this question, who is a character more scary than Freddy Krueger and Jason combined?
Who is the scariest fucking character ever in the history of ever?
My mother pissed off?
No.
Pennywise the Clown.
Oh my god!
And that's my number two answer.
Pennywise the Clown.
I am afraid of clowns and I really hate that clown.
So don't you want to kill one?
Well, Shang Tsung turned into... Well, you know Shang Tsung's clown fatality was supposed to be Joker's fatality.
Oh, wow.
In the DC vs. Mortal Kombat.
I didn't know that.
But...
Thanks for watching!
Loki, what's your number two answer?
My number two answer is the most frightening thing beyond Pennywise is a cloud that is just hit media altogether.
And that would be Lady Gaga.
If anyone deserves to be torn apart as strange as fucking hell, it's Lady Gaga.
You could do some Ermac and some Noob Saibot fucking crazy morphing shit with those costumes of hers.
You could.
It would be costume morphing.
Her costumes would be like those bubble dresses would be filled with acid and shit.
I would play as Lady Gaga and I would beat your ass.
I would shove a 9-inch stiletto in your character's eye.
For the record, Becky said she jumped when you said Pennywise.
I'm telling you, Pennywise is a scary motherfucker.
Alright, there you go.
Lady Gaga.
Oh, I love this.
DDR Dollar Bill in chat suggests Pennywise turns into a giant spider for a fatality.
Ah!
God, I'm scared.
All right.
Salacious Pop, it's over to you.
What's your number two answer?
So the key question to this list list is characters and not people.
So I'm saying Rose motherfucking Nyland from the Golden Girls.
Betty White.
Rose Nyland.
Bring it.
Rose Nyland.
She'll kill you.
And what would Rose Nyland's fatality be?
Would it be a story from St.
Olaf?
Yes, she'd tell a St.
Olaf story and you would take a shotgun and you would kill yourself.
I always wanted my Golden Girls game that was Grandma Got Guns.
And it was about the Golden Girls just going on a rampage to save their retirement home or whatever.
Alright, so Rose Nyland is Salacious Pop's number two answer.
Alright, here it is.
Time for the number one answers.
We're going to go around and get them.
Ash from Evil Dead, Barney the Purple Dinosaur, Colonel Sanders, Angela from Spawn, Pyramid Head, Pennywise the Clown from It, Lady Gaga, and Rose Nyland.
You gotta spell that last name for me.
P-I-Z-Z-I-N-I.
Okay, P-I-Z-Z-I-N-I.
I don't know this character either.
You gotta explain this to me a little bit.
Keep in mind I don't read comics.
Witchblade, basically, it's like this gauntlet that's stuck on one hand, but it will turn into any weapons and be armor.
So she's wearing this big metal ball.
But other than that, you know...
I think that I just always liked the character so she'd be badass alright I'm gonna get to my number one answer my number one answer is also a very serious answer like I really think and Salacious Pop might be mad at me because I have a feeling this could be who he's thinking too so I apologize in advance if this is your answer Salacious Pop but I have to say a character I would honestly love to see in Mortal Kombat that would kick a lot of ass would be Beatrix Kiddo from Kill Bill hell yeah
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Loki, your number one answer.
My number one answer, unfortunately, he has passed, but Billy Mays.
Billy Mays.
Hi, guys.
Billy Mays here.
Would he actually show off something in his infomercial before killing you with it?
He would throw OxyClean on you.
You would die.
He would spray you with OxyClean and then start scrubbing away until your face came off.
Mr. Rogers
Mr. Rogers.
Are you inspired by the ultimate battle of ultimate destiny?
From Mr. Rogers' neighborhood.
Was that a yes?
Yeah.
I knew it.
So why Mr. Rogers?
No one is that nice.
You've got to have a dark side.
He actually was really that nice in person.
Yeah, like, seriously, you know those a-holes at that particular church in Kansas, I don't want to name them on the show, but we all know who they are, right?
They're the guys that protest at funerals and all that stuff, right?
And, you know, actually, a lot of that stuff, it pissed me off, but I didn't get really pissed off until they were going to protest Mr. Rogers' funeral.
And I was like, you don't fucking, like, Mr. Rogers will fuck you up.
Like...
Hit kill with kindness.
He will sick King Friday and Madam What's-Her-Name and all those people on your ass.
He will tie you to that carousel and spin you around until you throw up.
That's what will happen.
Hit kill with kindness.
That's right.
There you go.
Mr. Rogers, an Actdeft in chat says, in a bloodstained sweater.
All right.
Rob, you've heard the ultimate battle of ultimate destiny, haven't you?
I haven't.
You need to play it during the break There is no more break, we're in part B The break before the thing Here we go, here's the list of 12 Ash from Evil Dead, Barney the Purple Dinosaur Colonel Sanders, Angela from Spawn Pyramid Head
Pennywise the Clown from IT, Lady Gaga, Rose Nyland who was Betty White in the Golden Girls, Sarah Pizzini from Witchblade, Beatrix Kiddo from Kill Bill, Billy Mays, and Mr. Rogers.
We have all sorts of answers here.
Some serious, some very much not.
I almost said Snuffleupagus.
Oh, Bird.
Yeah, some of the answers that missed my list.
Kenny from South Park, and I was just going to say Chun-Li.
But let me read some of the answers from chat.
I had Undead Michael Jackson on my list originally.
Oh, nice, nice.
I almost thought about Voldemort.
I'm surprised no one said Amy Winehouse.
Actually, I changed Amy Winehouse to Michael Jackson.
Oh, there you go.
Tigerclaw said, how about Justin Bieber?
There you go.
Wyland says, Sam from Trick or Treat.
Actdeft says, how about Bobby Kotek?
Pit Head.
Let's see.
From Hellraiser.
Let's see.
I believe that was show.
TigerHot says, Snake Plissken.
Giant Enemy Crab.
SJ100Matt says, American McGee's Alice.
I don't know if he was responding to another question.
Zether said, Panty and Stocking.
Let's see.
I'm trying to look quickly through.
Elmer Fudd, Seriously, says Legend of Zaku.
Tiger Claw says, how about the Queen Alien from Aliens?
There's a few people saying Pikachu.
Laha says Pikachu.
Pikachu.
So they go, oh, and Giovedeo says Ronald McDonald.
There you go.
All right.
So...
DarkSakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I would have to say Barney because I find him even more traumatic than anything else in the universe.
And just, I wouldn't be able to fight him because I would have to pause the game and go throw up.
Alright, Barney the purple dinosaur has been stricken from the list.
I am going to remove, I'm sorry, I do think this is a great idea, but it's just a little too crazy.
I'm taking Billy Mays off the list.
Billy Mays is not worthy of the list, so it has been stricken from the list.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Um, unfortunately, it's not the golden girl I would have picked, so, uh, Rose Nyland has to be removed up the list.
B. Arthur was a close second.
B. Arthur is a badass bitch.
You should have just went with Maude, and then there's Maude.
I have to share this with you.
Do you ever watch the Deadpool PSAs?
No.
Well, Deadpool had a minor obsession with Bea Arthur.
Okay, a major obsession with Bea Arthur.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it had a poster in the thing that said, Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like Bea?
Yes, yes.
All right.
So, Rose Nyland has been stricken from the list.
So, nine items remain.
Salacious Pop, it comes down to you.
One of these must come off the list for us to proceed.
Which of these is not worthy of the list, Salacious Pop?
Pennywise the Clown However, wouldn't it have been cool to actually get Tim Curry to voice him?
I know, right?
Or just have Tim Curry be... I'm so angry.
Tim Curry should be... Frank should be in it.
Frank and Carter should be in it instead.
I'm so angry.
No Nookie for a week.
Alright.
Sorry.
Tiger Claw says how awesome it would be if Ash was in Mortal Kombat.
His little intro animation would be him showing up and saying, Okay, she-bitch, let's go.
Alright, here it is.
Here are the eight items you can vote on tonight.
Ash from Evil Dead, Colonel Sanders, Angela from Spawn, Pyramid Head, Lady Gaga, Sarah Pizzini from Witchblade, Beatrix Kiddo from Kill Bill, and Mr. Rogers.
Those are the items left on the list.
Slash pop, there is a death mob going on in chat.
This always happens, though.
This is just a part of this list.
A popular answer always gets taken off the list.
Hey, no kicking allowed.
Always.
You're not allowed to kick him.
Don't kick him from chat.
That is hilarious.
I don't mind.
Hold on a minute.
No, no.
Ranma needs to remember who the queen bee is here in chat.
Alright, anyhow.
Alright, there we go.
So there it is.
I'm going to post that list in our chat room right now.
Send a private message to Sky with your number one and your number two answers.
If you don't put which is one and which is two, I will assume...
Your first one is one and the other one is two.
So there it is.
Again, Ash from Evil Dead, Colonel Sanders, Angela from Spawn, Pyramid Head, Lady Gaga, Sarah Pazzini from Witchblade, Beatrix Kiddo from Kill Bill, and Mr. Rogers.
Send your number one and number two answers to Sky in the chatroom.
We'll collect your votes and let you know what you came up with in just a little while here on the show.
Salacious Pop?
Yes?
Are you reading what the chatroom is saying now?
Yeah.
Are you regretting your decision?
I'm being egged on to retaliate by someone and I won't say who.
And I will respect the fact that I have ops temporarily and I will not do it.
So sorry.
All right.
Plus, you don't want to have a no getting laid warranty for two weeks.
Yeah, that's true.
All right.
All right, SlicesPop, thank you once again for filling in tonight, and we appreciate you had some great answers tonight, despite the elimination controversy.
Quickly, anything you want to plug, like your Twitter or anything like that?
I don't know if you do writing online or whatever that you want to plug.
I just want to say that don't worry, you'll float.
We all float down here.
All right, there you go.
Thanks, SlicesPop.
Bye.
Bye.
Alright, while those votes come in, let's get back into some other gaming news.
And we're going to go over to Loki with some news about GameCube games.
Yes, apparently Nintendo Director of Entertainment and Trend Marketing, Amber McCollum, was quoted during an interview with Nintendo Gal on the subject of GameCube games not being playable on the upcoming Wii U.
McCollum said, GameCube disc will not be compatible with the Wii U, but a number of games that were playable on the GameCube can be downloaded from WiiWare.
And people were like, really?
Is that going to be possible?
Are you going to be able to download games via some sort of storage device or something like that?
of course when asked to clarify that statement they went and said to clarify the capabilities of the Wii U system as correctly stated the Wii U will not be able to play Nintendo GameCube disc however Nintendo has not made any announcement regarding download content so they kind of backstepped a little bit but sounds like that maybe that's something that they're going to be working towards is having GameCube games downloadable
Do you think that will really happen?
Because it would seem to me like the GameCube games are kind of large.
But then again, we have Xbox 360 games and stuff like that.
I'm not sure if they would do that.
I think if anything, they would just re-release GameCube games or touch them up somewhat and re-release them on it.
Like they were doing the new Play Control stuff where it was on a Wii disc but it was a GameCube game.
I could see more of that happening.
Right, right.
Because it gives them an excuse to charge more money and...
I would gladly pay for F-Zero GX all over again though to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Take my money.
I would gladly pay you tomorrow for a hamburger today.
You be quiet Alright, moving on to a story about Iram Do you know the company Iram?
Have you ever heard of Iram?
Freakin' R-Type That's right, they made R-Type They made a lot of other interesting games too But here's the deal R-Type, there's a few of these games on the PSP Like there's R-Type's Tactics on the PSP R-Type Tactics 2 There's also the game archives have R-Types and R-Types Delta These are all over the PlayStation Network and PlayStation Go
Well, guess what?
Come August 11th, these games are going away.
Irem is taking their catalog off of the PlayStation Network.
And same thing goes for their specific PlayStation Home lounges.
They had some, I guess, nine lounges that were about these games.
They are all going away.
I guess the Doki Doki Suikoden Lounge is the only one that's staying.
I don't know.
So yeah, Irem has not said why they're going away, but these games on PSP are no longer going to be available.
Now a lot of these I've never heard of.
There's games like, these are all very Japanese titles, Mosukesu based on Cartoon Con, Bumpy Trot Beagle Battle Tournament.
These are all games that are downloadable right now on PlayStation Network.
They are going to be going away on August 11th.
I wonder if this is some type of retaliation, so to speak, for the PSN being down for so long.
I don't know.
Nah, it's probably just licensing coming up and they decided not to renew it or something.
Gotcha.
Alright, well there you go.
They are coming off of PlayStation Network, so enjoy them while you can.
Not like I can't bust out the master system and play our type.
The original system, right?
Alright, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura dives in the mailbag head first and pulls out some of her favorite emails to read right now.
By the way, this is also the last call for votes in tonight's list list.
Get them in now or they will not count.
To send a private message, type slash MSG Sky, vote one and vote two.
There you go.
Give Rob your sodium.
Yes.
Greetings, OLR!
Thanks for helping my commute to work a more pleasant one with your podcast.
I really find this debate of online passes and used games quite interesting.
A long-time gamer like yourselves, I am actually quite indifferent about this tactic.
I do buy most of my games new, like Rob, though I do dabble in the occasional used title here and there as well.
While I am not foolish enough to believe that every used game equals a lost new game sale, it would be equally foolish to assume that new game sales aren't somewhat hurt by the used game market.
DarkSakura.com
I know that this slippery slope argument exists.
At the same time, I give consumers more credit than Loki may that they can look at each issue on a case-by-case basis and reject ideas that they feel cross the line.
I've often wondered if there could be a moratorium on used game sales placed for maybe three or six months so that new games aren't hindered by used game sales.
At the end of the day, both used games and new games have their place for now, and I can't begrudge anyone for choosing what solution works for them.
Thanks to all of you, Dark Charger.
PS, if the show is interested in a new copy of Adobe Lightroom 3, yes.
Jamie is, yes.
Email me and I will send it to you as a gift.
Thanks again for the podcast.
I wish that I could listen live more often.
Yes.
Saved.
I think the idea is interesting about the whole moratorium, but I just don't think it's possible because you'd be telling people they can't sell their own new product.
Like, what's to stop me from going to my neighbor saying, oh, yeah, you want this game?
I don't really play it.
Here, give me 40 bucks.
It would never happen because you're basically telling people that when they're done with their game that they can't trade it back into... I mean, okay, let's say that they're able to sell it back to GameStop, but GameStop's not going to sell it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you basically ban used game sales or make it not very pretty to the fact that it devalues the used game, then they're not going to have money to buy that new game that you want them to buy.
So you see, you're in turn hurting yourself.
But they won't figure that out until everyone jumps on board with this type of scheme and then it affects them down the line and they're like, ah, crap, why did we do that?
You know, and I'm kind of in the boat as this guy.
I mean, he already said he's kind of like me where you either buy it new or you don't buy it.
And especially considering what I talked about at the top of the show, as in one particular store I will not be shopping at anymore for new or used games.
I mean, there's your biggest used market right there.
But not to say I would never buy a game used.
I mean, there's obviously other people trying to get in that market as well.
But honestly, I find now by the time...
I want to go back and get an old game and I'd be actually looking for it used.
Because you usually can't find the new game used.
It's so hard to get it.
I think the last new game that I bought used was the Tron game.
And the minute I played it, I could see why somebody sold it back right away.
So usually, if a game's really that good, you can't find it used right away.
We go buy used games, though, fairly regularly.
But that's just because we might want to finish a collection.
but I think at this point if I did want to go get a used game I would just check the price on Amazon or you know other competing internet websites like Best Buy or whatever and see what the price is and if it's good enough I'll just buy it online so until one of those stores pisses me off then I'll stop shopping there too alright next email
Hello, LLR.
Here's an Orange Lounge Foodio question, but it does relate to a video game.
Do you think Domino's will ever bring back the Noid?
We need a new Yo!
Noid game, dammit.
Brought to you by Sizzler, home of the three-day-old salad bar that tastes like shit and gives you the squits.
That's from Chiggers.
Eww!
Eww!
Eww!
Let's see.
Do I think Domino's would ever bring back the Noid?
No.
Domino's did this really interesting thing where they kind of came out and admitted that their pizza tastes like shit and that they're going to totally redo it.
It was this very interesting campaign that they did, and it worked.
Domino's sales have been up quite a bit in the past year or so.
People like that self-deprecating sense of humor.
And I think because of that, because Domino's is trying to distance themselves from the past, you're not going to see the Noid ever come back.
I think the Noid is something that's very 80s.
Well...
Never say never, but you're not going to see it in the next five years.
No.
And sadly, that would mean the same for the Yo!
Noid game.
Here's a question for you guys, though.
Do you think we'll see any other commercial product video games again?
Because we used to get these all the time back in the day.
There was the Mick Kids game, the California Raisins game.
Where the hell is my damn Burger King Connect game?
The Burger King games were the most recent ones.
They're supposed to have the Burger King Connect game, and they never fucking put it out.
I don't know.
So we'll see.
and now Burger King's all over Transformers.
But no games about chiggers.
Transformers, all Hasbro.
The end.
No, I'm kidding.
How about another email?
Yes, another email.
Yes.
Okay.
I'm a few shows behind in my listening, but I just want to respond to Rob with his opinion that college is a waste of money and you learn better by doing.
I 100% agree.
I spent five years in college, earned two bachelor's degrees, television production and Asian studies, graduated summa cum laude in the top 10% of my class.
I can be quoted as saying frequently that the only good thing that I got back from college was a husband.
Aside from being an abstract requirement, BKA have a BA when we don't care which one,
Nobody cares about all the painstaking work I did in college.
I haven't touched editing software since I left.
I haven't spoken Japanese, Chinese, or Spanish since I left.
All of the hard-earned knowledge has faded away and the reality has set in.
Unless you're going to be a doctor, lawyer, or something that requires daily use of the knowledge you got in college, it's ultimately a costly waste of time.
The job I have now has diddly to do with my fancy degrees and I'm still paying on the $2,000 I have left in college bills.
When I have kids, they're going to trade school and learn to be plumbers or HVAC technicians or car mechanics.
At least then I will be secure in the knowledge that what they've learned is useful and the very least will save them money because they can fix their own stuff.
Holly D.
Now, I do have to say though, in the design field, like what I'm in, college ends up being useful because the classes that I take have practical application for what I'm doing.
I've built my portfolio.
I've marketed myself.
I'm already getting work and I haven't finished college.
So I'm just saying.
Well, and I want to be careful too.
I don't want to become like this anti-college spokesperson because that wasn't quite the point of my rant.
But I think what I was meaning to get at is that it's not for everyone.
And I think some people kind of feel like there's this necessity, like I have to go, I have to go.
And maybe you don't.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Make sure you don't do nothing but school, okay?
If you're gonna go to college, make sure you do some extracurricular activities.
Make sure you do internships.
Oh my God, take, I mean, I know it might sound ludicrous, like I gotta do something and don't get paid, but the networking experience you're gonna get from that are gonna mean so much more than your A's and B's.
I'm serious.
Also, make friends with your teachers who are working in the field.
Yeah, you're not in high school anymore.
It's not cool to hate your teachers.
Well, I mean, keep in mind, now, I'm in school to be a graphic designer.
Which was funny because I learned a lot of the programs and stuff on my own.
But I have picked up so much in design technique and in theory.
And just in studying, you know, the best classes I've taken are my two art history classes and my typography class.
Those have been my favorites so far.
That and my portfolio class, which you've seen my portfolio.
It came out fully interview ready.
I've got my portfolio online.
If anyone wants to see my stuff, just let me know and I will show you.
And then hire me, please.
I will say this, too.
You might be surprised to hear me say this, but I actually think it also would be a good use of your time if this is a scene you are into and if this is something you are into.
Join a fraternity or a sorority.
Well, and also find different clubs or online groups that people in your field are going to like, you know, if you're in engineering, look for stuff through the Department of Engineers, you know, that type of stuff.
And if you're going to go to college just to drink, do yourself and do the college a favor and don't go to college.
Or at least get a liberal arts degree.
No, not even that.
I'm just going to say, do yourself a favor and don't go to college.
Like you will be wasting money.
You'll be wasting time.
One thing about college though that I will say is that it gives you a chance to experiment with new ideas and to pick different things.
Because I've changed my major like nine times before I finally just decided to go with what I loved anyway.
Because I started off as a forensic geology major.
Did you know that?
I studied rocks for blood.
It was boring as fuck.
and then you know I changed my major so many times and finally decided to stick with art with something in the art field I hate doing illustration for other people because it's not my drawings anymore but I love doing design for other people and I've developed a passion for it but I wouldn't have known that design was where my heart was until I tried to do illustration and I tried to do all this other stuff and eventually I found the right path
by, and I even found out that specifically print is my passion.
And I would never have known that if I had not taken typography.
Right then and there.
If I had not taken the InDesign class.
So, I'm just saying, you know, as that example, school is a good place to experiment without getting a job that you're going to hate.
You know what I mean?
So...
I'm not going to continue my rant.
I said what I said a couple shows ago and I stand by that.
It's not for everyone, but it might be for you and that's okay.
It's your money.
Spend it how you want to spend it.
Next email.
Hi, OLR crew.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican, Actdeft.
I'm pretty sure you have already talked and discussed about Capcom this week, but I want to vent a little and share my two cents on their most recent happenings.
Well, needless to say, as many people have probably said now, I pretty much lost all faith in Capcom.
Was it because of the release of Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3?
No, I actually was pretty excited about...
especially because of the addition of Phoenix Wright yeah granted they're doing an update to a game not even 9 months after the release of the first edition but Capcom has always done this kind of stuff with all their fighting series and I've learned to accept it if you know Capcom then you pretty much expect it to do so which by the way that actually did remind me of something when they did all the different matching service and different versions of Street Fighter 3 like Second Strike and Third Impact that's the same thing
So why have I lost my confidence in Capcom?
It's because of all their recent decisions as a company.
And there's a lot of things that I can name or list here.
Unnecessary DRM, Mercenaries 3DS, Bionic Commander Rearm 2, Super Street Fighter 4 Arcade Edition, The Cancellation of Games, Mega Man Universe, Unnecessary Reboots, Devil May Cry, No Localizations of Games People Truly Want, No World of Monster Hunter, nor Ace Attorney Investigations 2 being localized.
Little by little, Capcom has done really bad decisions that have really affected the fans.
A company that was recently known to cater to the fans, and still even now they kind of do it, is losing a lot of stuff that have their fans really angry, including me.
And I think the straw that broke the camel was the cancellation of Mega Man Legends 3.
People have wanted that game for so long and they just took it from them like if nothing happened.
And with this...
Also comes the slow killing of Mega Man.
Mega Man X was the most wanted for MVC3 and they didn't mention him being in Ultimate.
All of those things they've done, little by little, have created a really big ball of shit and they can't hide it now.
And even if they do, the stinkest of big people will be reminded because of it.
Capcom has created their own demise, and unless they do something to fix this problem, or at least they admit they do have a problem, I won't be buying any game they release anytime soon.
And I mean it, not even the Darkstalkers teaser they showed in their Street Fighter cross-techin' panel.
Oh yeah, that hasn't even come up in the show yet, but yeah.
A game I have wanted them to make for a long time won't blind me of all they have done to lose me as a fan.
As Diekmann said in his Tumblr and Twitter, Capcom, it's not me, it's you.
Thanks for reading this and for keep on giving gamers a voice.
Actdeft.
Last email?
I'm curious to see how long that holds.
And I'm not trying to be like a jerk about it.
But, you know, usually this internet rage.
And then they'll announce something you just have to have.
But, you know, obviously Capcom surprisingly went from all the fans love them and have very loyal fans to literally within the scope of two weeks have become like, quote, the Japanese Bobby Kotick.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's just interesting.
How the mighty have fallen.
And, yeah, I...
Last email?
Hi, LLR.
Just wanted to write in after the last few weeks comments from Calcom's David Reeves.
I was more than a little miffed at what he said.
This coming from the same guy who used to run Sony of Europe and said that when the PS3 was launching that we have built up a certain brand equity over time since the launch of PlayStation in 1995 and PS2 in 2000.
The first 5 million are going to buy it, whatever it is, even if it doesn't have games.
And then he linked to the full article interview.
Anyway, I'm not going to rant, so I'll be off Catastrophic Moggy.
I like that, Catastrophic Moggy.
Yeah, it's kind of dickly.
Not Moggy, but all the stuff.
Oh, that's not the interview.
Sorry, I'm reading over your shoulder here.
No, this is the interview.
It's a pretty long one, but...
One of the questions, are you confident in your approach and the inevitable build-up to November's launch hype?
He says, without being too arrogant, I don't think we worry too much about building up the hype in the first six months because when the rubber hits the road is going to be when all those hardcore gamers have bought PS3s.
They have also bought Xbox 360s and they probably bought Nintendo Wii as well.
So basically, you know... There's a lot that haven't, though.
There's a lot of people that only adopt one of those systems, you know?
Yeah.
I don't know.
That guy says a lot of very interesting things, that's for sure.
All right, that's going to do it for email tonight.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
In the meantime, I believe it's time to get the ranting on in a segment we call the FUs of the Week.
Let's go to the FUs of the Week right now.
An F you to the bee sting I got on my neck.
And the stinger didn't break the skin.
Well, it broke the skin, but not like it didn't get stuck in there.
But it is enough.
I'm allergic to bees.
So it's enough that it's pretty bad.
I also got another, I got a scrape from the stinger on my leg from a dead bee in the pool, and that thankfully didn't swell up, but I got another one and I have no idea when I got it.
It was just, I felt it and that was it.
Go ahead, Loki.
F you to, I guess, live up green so far away.
and my F.U.
goes to a couple things tonight F.U.
to Johnny Rockets because I went there to eat the other day and it took like 25 minutes to get our food and I wasn't even busy and also F.U.
to them because once the food finally did fucking come the burgers I had were fucking delicious there were sliders, that's why I said burgers I'm not that fat those sliders are fucking good the orange dreamsicle shake
No, no, I don't... Like, I'm actually trying to lose weight right now, so Johnny, I had to cut back on something.
No, no, no, you should not cut back on the Orange Dream School shake.
That is delicious.
Oh, I, uh, yeah, so F you.
Yeah, and F you to the fact that they derailed my diet because that food is so delicious.
I don't know if you, well, I don't know which Johnny Rockets you went to, but they have one... The one at Arden, I'll say Arden Fair Mall.
Arden?
Well, they have a new one now that's across from the new Palladio Theaters.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so it's pretty awesome.
Interesting.
I bet they didn't take... Well, see, if the place was packed and busy, then I would understand why it would take so long.
It was empty.
It was weird.
So anyway, if you did that.
And if you did those burgers being delicious and making me want to go through that torture again just to have them and screw up my diet.
I've lost 10 pounds in three months.
Almost.
Nine pounds in three months.
Get a bicycle and go riding with me.
We live too far apart to do that every day, especially this time of year.
All right.
And then, oh, the other FU.
I have one more FU.
And then FU goes to Salacious Pop, not only for eliminating Pennywise from the list, but we went to the casino last night.
I lost $20.
This bitch puts like $5 in the slot machine and on his second pull wins $70.
Did he buy you dinner?
Did you stomp your little foot?
I wasn't mad that he won.
I was mad that I lost.
And he won on his second bullet.
You should see how fast I went through $20.
He was just gone in a snap.
And then he's like, oh, I think I'm winning all this money.
The coin thing keeps going.
Do I get to keep all this?
Now you see why I don't like to gamble.
Oh, I still love to gamble.
I don't even play a lottery.
I'll play the lottery.
I love gambling.
It's a bad problem I have.
Anyhow, let's move on to a couple more news stories for you guys in the Skype line as well as the results of tonight's list list.
So let's do a couple more stories for you guys.
Loki.
You may remember a couple weeks back we talked a little bit about people that had games on the indie games store on the Xbox Marketplace.
We're complaining that they just weren't getting enough exposure and the sales weren't very well, even for some of the top games on that service.
Well, one of those companies, Z-Boy Games, they, of course, released Cthulhu Saves the World and Breath of
They now have put their games on Steam.
And they're very pleased on how things are going.
In fact, they're saying that Z-Boy Games has already made more revenue in less than a week on Steam than we have in over a year and a half on Xbox Indie Games.
That sucks.
It sucks for the indie games, but good for them that they're making money.
Basically saying that they decided because of this that they're definitely looking at launching more games onto Steam versus the Xbox indie game service.
Hmm.
And of course, you may remember they also took donation support.
That's a pretty big slap in the face to Xbox Live Indie Games.
And I think a pretty obvious showing of how Steam's doing it right and Xbox isn't doing it right when it comes to the indie games.
But to be fair, there is a little bit of apples and oranges going on here because...
You know, Steam, that really was like their only new release that week Whereas with Xbox Live, you still have all the arcade games and all that stuff that they do have to promote But, I'm not going to say I totally disagree I think they should start featuring some indie games in the main banner once in a great while Especially these big ones that do very well
If they would take the indie games and, like, say, have a certain release day for those and maybe a little bit more quality control with the stuff that's released.
You know, because I know with, like, WiiWare and stuff, you have, you know, blog sites and everything that lists, okay, here's the... And actually, Kotaku's been pretty good about... They don't know... I don't know if they do all the indie games that are released that week or if it's just the ones that they're playing or, like, you know, the...
The ones that they think are kind of cool.
They'll do a thread every week or so pointing those out and how much you can get them for and the links to download them and that kind of stuff.
I think that they should have something like that where the PlayStation Network comes out and says, hey, here's what's releasing on our service.
Not necessarily promoting them, but it's at least mentioning them so people are aware of them.
Granted, there's a lot of crap on there too, but...
There's something wrong if they're making more money on Steam than they are in the indie game service in less than a week.
Why would you waste your time on indie games if you can just put your game on Steam and make that money in a week?
Yeah, that's kind of scary.
But then again, if all... I mean, Xbox Live gets a lot of indie games, and these were obviously two of the quality ones.
If everything that went out on Xbox Live went up on Steam, they wouldn't all sell as well.
That's the difference.
Well, yes, they wouldn't all sell as well, but the ones that people are actually putting effort into and are considered hits on the indie game service aren't making that much money anyways.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Quote, at Grasshopper, I'm creating sound, but not only sound.
I'm the leader of the development team, so I'm tag-teaming with Suda51, and I'm actually involved with game creation as well as sound.
He said that there are a few titles they're going to announce soon, so stay tuned.
There you go.
By the way, I guess in this podcast, he also talked about how he almost quit Konami after his first week.
Be interesting to see.
So, all right.
I'm all for more Akira Yamaoka games.
I'm glad he didn't, like, leave the industry altogether, that he's still making games.
Silent Hill just isn't the same without him.
Um, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, going to our chatroom at chat.orange.com, there is a little bit of a buffer, so they're still on the last story.
SalaciousPop says, Steam Valve would probably say no to 90% of the shit that Xbox Live Indie Games has on their store, though.
Good.
I think that they should.
See, who is it to determine quality?
Because I would say there's some shit on Steam, too.
But one thing I do like about Steam is that they provide quick links to find reviews and so forth.
And Metacritic, love it or hate it, their score is right there.
I think they only show it if it's above a certain score, though, because it's not there for every game.
But kind of interesting nonetheless.
All right, we are going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
The Skype line is open now for your calls if you want to give us a call.
We're going to try to keep the calls probably a little brief tonight.
We're running extraordinarily long tonight.
We're already at a three-hour show and we haven't even gotten into calls yet.
So we're going to take those calls.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's see if Loki has any last-minute stories.
Not much.
They had a Tekken Bowl, I guess, was released this week for free on iOS, which is kind of lame.
Is that like bowling with Tekken characters?
Yes, it is.
What?
Oh, right, right, right.
And actually, you're right, because they're going to be featuring that as well in the Tekken Tag HD or whatever that they're doing.
But yeah, you can download it for free.
Getting it.
Alright, our phone's ringing, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on the phone, Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's the one and only Ranma.
Of course.
What's up, Ranma?
A whole lot of stuff, okay?
Just stuff.
What kind of stuff?
Love you too, Rob.
Love you too.
I know.
What's up?
Well, first off, yeah, I was stoned off my tookus last week.
That's why I ended up with a PlayStation 3.
That's the first thing.
Wait, you were stoned and you bought a PlayStation 3?
I was so stoned off my took that the decision to buy one was a good idea.
I see, I see.
So wait, you bought a PS3 when you were high and you regret it now?
Actually, no.
It's just an expensive blueberry player like everybody else says, but, you know.
It has a few good games on it.
I know.
LittleBigPlanet, I'm telling you.
It's probably one of the greatest games of this generation, period, on either console.
It's in the queue.
It's in the queue.
Alright, fair enough.
Thank you.
Now, about this whole Capcom debacle.
I'm probably the only person that actually feels that Capcom was in the right to cancel the game.
The only fuck up was how they handled the whole PR spin on the whole thing.
I don't necessarily agree that it was right because I personally am a fan of Mega Man Legends but I am kind of trying to see it from their point of view and I do understand the business perspective if they don't make money then it's not worth our time but I do agree that their biggest faux pas was how they handled it yeah but defend yourself a little bit to the fanboys why do you you're not even saying like you're just flat out saying I agree with Capcom they should just cancel it why
In this age of money's getting kind of tight, a lot of these companies, as much money as they're making, we don't know how much of that is revenue, profit, this or that.
Who knows, if they invest a lot of money making this game and it doesn't fit the bill, then they're out a lot of money.
These companies really can't afford to do that.
And what I find interesting is that
There's not that many Mega Man Legends fans out there.
Granted, if you look at the online petition, there's so many fans, but most of them are just jumping on the bandwagon just because they need a common cause to fight over.
I will admit, I wonder how many of those people would actually buy the game and how many are just wanting to pirate it.
Yeah, because I had the first Mega Man Legends game.
I'm not going to say it's crap.
I thought it was a pretty good game.
I didn't get the second one, you know, because it wasn't
It was a good concept, but it just wasn't my cup of tea.
I kind of wish I could find the game again.
I kind of want to play it.
Is it on PlayStation 3 download stuff?
I don't know.
I don't think it is.
Anyway.
Kind of surprised it wasn't.
It might have drummed up more interest for a third one, but oh well.
Yeah, but that's how it goes.
What about other stuff going on in Capcom's world, like the Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 news?
How do you feel about that?
I'm amused that Phoenix Wright is in the game.
That is kind of awesome, but is it $40 awesome?
I tend to think so because I have to agree with what the Rob D said.
They're rebalancing the characters.
They're adding new stages and adding more features and functionality to make it worth the $40.
I mean, they kind of did the same thing when they re-released Super Street Fighter 4.
I mean, if they did the whole $59.99 price tag, I sure as hell would wait until it drops to $39.
That's just me.
Which is, I think, the price point they're going to try and put it out at.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, sorry about that.
I dropped my phone.
That wasn't good.
I hope you have AppleCare on it.
No, it's fine.
No, and I don't have AppleCare either.
Of course, I'd be just outside a year or two, so no, it's fine.
I'm good.
We're good.
All right.
Anyhow, well, on that note, anything else on your mind tonight?
Last thing, I don't know if you heard, but Sears is having this massive video game clearance sale at all of their stores.
Or are they just unloading all the video games altogether?
Yeah, but the thing is, your mileage may vary, because I've been hitting various stores.
Like, I do know right now, most of the Guitar Hero and Rock Band bundles are $20.
Nice!
Toys R Us did something like that a couple weeks ago, and I do kind of want a new Guitar Hero bundle.
Including the big Super Bundles.
I went to one Sears, and I picked up Guitar Hero Metallica for 96 cents, so I bought the last three.
Holy shit.
For the record, by the way, I don't know if you've got Big Lots out there?
I think they opened one up by me somewhere.
We mostly have amazing savings.
Dan picked up DJ Hero for me, the bundle, for $20.
It was a couple months ago, but they get them in.
And we found a DDR there for $20 with a pad and everything.
Nice.
I was thinking about picking up the DJ Hero 2 bundle and sell the turntable and find somebody that wanted a turntable because I already have two, but nobody I know wants it.
So I was like, there's no point in me buying it because I refuse to sell to...
The Evil People, you know?
Right, right.
And I'm too lazy to put it on Craigslist.
It would be kind of hard, too, if you don't have the game, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
But you know how that rolls.
All right, well, we're going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thanks for calling.
Hey, no problem.
All right, bye-bye.
Let's go to the phones.
We got other calls coming in.
Let me go to pick up the phone again.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
This is Kai Judo.
Hey, Kai Judo.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
I'm going to make it quick.
I just want to add my two cents to the Capcom Marvel... What is it?
Marvel 3 now?
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 Ultimate, yes.
My thing is, okay, so this new game is supposed to have more content than the original, right?
Right.
And the original is $60, right?
Right.
And this new version is going to be $40, right?
Yes.
Why not make all of those fucking fighting games $40?
That's a great question.
Why not make all the fucking fighting games $40?
I will say this though.
When I was at the place that I will not talk about anymore, I did see that they had dropped the price of Marvel vs. Capcom 3 to $40.
But that certainly wasn't its price new originally.
Yeah, I think that, to me, when I think fighting game, I always think retro.
So I always think that those games should be low price.
I never understood the $60 for Street Fighter.
I waited for the second version of Street Fighter.
It's dropped down to $30.
Oh, has it?
Oh, then the place that shouldn't be named is just overcharging now.
What a surprise.
It was recent.
It was Thursday, Friday.
I remember dropping $70 on that game.
I've spent $65 on Killer Instinct.
I mean, Super Nintendo games were expensive, and that was $70 a few years ago, which, you know, inflation and all that means it was probably more like $100 you paid for that game.
So you can't always say that fighting games have always been cheap.
Yeah, yeah, that's for sure.
But I mean, now I think they're kind of...
But seriously?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yep, no problem.
Alright, any other thoughts?
Yeah, you guys need to get on Minecraft.
The pay version.
Try it.
I really do not like Minecraft.
I know, I tried.
I tried.
Well, at least it was the free version.
But even Terraria... No, the free... I didn't mean to cut you off.
But the free version is totally different from the pay version.
Trust me.
The pay version... We'll see.
If I run out of the other games that I have, maybe I'll check it out.
But I've tried playing Terraria this week.
It was okay, but I was like, oh wow, this really is just Minecraft.
Yeah, I kind of hit that too.
I did play some in Minecraft.
Although Dan did show me something interesting today.
Someone created the whole Middle Earth pretty much in Minecraft.
Including underground places and the whole dwarven areas and whatnot.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm going to go ahead and close up Skype, I think, tonight.
So sorry to those of you that didn't get through.
Sorry it was a shorter segment than usual, but we're running really long tonight, so sorry about that.
So we're going to go ahead and wrap up the last-minute story so we can wrap up the show.
So, Loki?
I got nothing.
Oh.
Well, all right, then.
DarkSakura, anything?
Well, SalaciousPop brought up that Capcom published Street Fighter Alpha 2 for the SNES.
It was really sucky, and it had loading time.
Oh yeah, it was like a Super Nintendo cartridge.
I own it.
I own it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And no, I'm not going to pay for Minecraft.
I don't know I might when I run out of other games to play I'll kind of get to that but I still have so many games I gotta beat and then Minecraft seems like one of those time sinks you spend a lot of time but I gotta admit I would like to explore I like exploring worlds especially recreations of stuff so like if there's ways to go in and explore that middle earth stuff that might be kind of fun actually that'd be kind of cool alright well let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts so we can close up shop for tonight so Loki what's your final thought tonight?
my final thought is I can't wait till Tuesday god I hope he brought better fucking bring Saints Row 3rd I'm very disappointed otherwise cause we got like a bunch of people coming in I know that we're Ubisoft will probably bring Just Dance 3 cause they brought Just Dance 2 last year THQ last year brought Smackdown vs. Raw 11 but I think if they're bringing the biggest game it's gonna be Saints Row 3rd
and then of course Microsoft will be there this year which is kind of cool and I know LucasArts is going to be bringing the Star Wars Kinect game so lots of stuff to play well then good I want to hear your rundowns on it next week so my final thought is this show ran long and it's getting late I'm getting hungry so it's time to go DarkSakura your final thought tonight I just texted Dan that I have hungers and he needs to bring me my burger you want a taco or no you want a burger
Dan's bringing me a burger.
I don't have to pay for a burger.
How about a taco burger?
I want a fish taco.
Maybe tomorrow.
Alright, well that's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show and downloading us and supporting us every week as you guys have.
We really appreciate it.
If you enjoy the show, as you know, we are ad-free.
We've been doing this show for free for you guys for so many years and all we ask is just tell a friend about the show.
Get somebody else to listen live on Sunday night and come join the antics of our live experience of listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate it, guys, week after week.
We'll be back next week to do it all again here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
What won the list tonight?
Let's do that real quick.
And just a note to myself, when I'm scripting next week's show, if I'm going to put a listless on, I should also put, at the end, listless results, and then that way I won't forget it.
But you guys did vote tonight's listless, and it was kind of close, but not really.
Here's your top three answers.
Characters you want to see...
I'm malfunctioning.
Character you most want to see in a future Mortal Kombat game since they're putting anyone in now.
Number three answer as voted by you folks listening.
Mr. Rogers.
An answer that made me so happy I think I've burped.
Mr. Rogers there is number three answer.
There you go.
Your number two answer for character you most want to see in Mortal Kombat.
Beatrix Kiddo from Kill Bill is the number two answer.
And the number one answer.
This is the character you most want more than any fucking one in Mortal Kombat.
No disputing.
This is done.
Definitive.
Ash from Evil Dead.
Yes.
Hail to the king, baby.
Shop smart.
Shop F smart.
There it is.
All right.
That and Bruce Campbell's fucking awesome.
And you know he'd voice it.
I did.
So there it is, your listless results.
And now the credits to our show can roll.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio alone.
or AllGames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
