Tonight, July 31st, 2011, Nintendo slashes the price of the 3DS.
The average price of an Xbox Live Arcade title is going up, and could the PlayStation 3 soon
feature a doll?
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
first off, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Summers?
Um, okay.
I feel a little disconnected.
Exterminate, why is that?
Just a little.
Because you've been playing WoW all week, and you feel disconnected from society?
No.
When was the last time you had a Pinkberry?
Actually, it's been about a week and a half.
That's why you feel disconnected.
Well, then maybe we should end the show early and go get Pinkberry.
I'm down with that.
Last week's show was a fair-a-thon.
And that's the show.
There you go.
Goodnight everybody!
Bye!
Blah, blah, blah, Nintendo, blah, blah, blah.
Ubisoft, goodnight.
No, just kidding.
All right, say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing great.
Are you feeling connected?
Are you on the grid this week?
Yeah, I'm on the grid.
I am so looking forward to hearing your thoughts on some of tonight's stories, as I know some
of our listeners are, because we are the show, of course, where every gamer has a voice.
We don't always get to report the news, but we're here to talk about it with you guys
live in our chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, and of course, if you've never joined us for
a live show, it's a totally different experience, I really encourage you to.
Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, here at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, and we do have some folks in our chatroom already
starting there, and let's see, what do we got here?
SSJ100Matt says, this episode of OLR is brought to you by a higher debt ceiling.
I hope they got all that crap fixed, but I hear it's still a stalemate, but I don't want
to get too political, because I'll just get angry, because that stuff kind of has a direct
impact on my life, if that starts affecting the unemployment and all that, like they're
saying is going to happen.
So let's try to move on to happier topics, like games, that keep us entertained when
these things go wrong in our country.
So DarkSakura, why don't you start us off with, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was, I played WoW all up until the show, I was trying to get that achievement,
the classic dungeon master, whatever.
You know, achievements weren't around when you first started playing WoW, do you think
achievements have kind of, clearly they were just ripped right off Xbox Live, but do you
think they've really added something to the WoW experience?
Well yeah, I think it's, you know, I mean, they don't really give you any, well yeah,
some of them give you stuff, like you'll get titles for some of them, or you'll get pets
from some, or mounts from some, those are the ones with incentive.
Nothing that gives you a distinct advantage, but all the cosmetic stuff, Barbie doll things.
Yeah, but I mean, it's kind of fun, you know, I'll get like a wild hair and say, okay I'm
gonna finish this, and then it'll give me an excuse, because honestly, my favorite character
to play is my 85 mage.
I love my mage, and so it just gives me an excuse to keep playing her, instead of, oh,
I can't really do anything right now, so I'll just, I guess, work on this other one instead
of making another mage and leveling another mage.
I don't know somebody though who has 8 level 85 druids.
Well anything in the non-MMO universe that you've been up to?
Groovecoaster!
That game is fun, and I blame Shane.
It's his fault.
And Groovecoaster of course on the iOS, right?
It's iPad and iPhone, right?
Yes, 3GS and iPad.
I'm assuming it'll work on the iPod, unlike Google+, apparently.
Does not work on anything with the iPhone, which is a little silly, but.
And the app really is not that great.
It's more stable than Facebook's app at this point.
But you know I haven't updated Facebook apps since they changed the photos, so I didn't
update to that one because someone warned me.
So I haven't updated my Facebook app in, like, months.
Nice.
And I'm not going to.
I don't know what's going to come of all this little Google+, versus Facebook, especially
when the inevitable games start rolling out, which I believe the early rumors said today,
July 31st was the day they were going to start rolling out, but we haven't seen them yet,
so maybe tomorrow on a Monday.
Maybe it got pushed back.
Who knows?
It's going to be very interesting when the games roll out, because it's going to make
the two go head-to-head even more.
But right now, I think it's still too early to tell, but I think a little valid competition.
And yeah, clearly everybody wants a piece of the social networking space.
But you know, Facebook, or I should say Google+, has really succeeded at biting at Facebook's
kneecaps in places where MySpace, Orkut, Buzz, even, and other social networks have failed
to do so.
Just wait until MySpace rolls out their even better game service.
They're coming back, baby.
Well, you never know.
You never know.
I mean, as things change ownership and things change hands and so forth, you never know.
Don't ever count out somebody who's been gone for a while.
I mean, look at Origin, right?
Origin was an EA brand that kind of disappeared, unfortunately, because they used to make a
lot of great games back in the day.
And then the brand faded.
Now it's back as a store.
It could be interesting.
Could MySpace come back as a store?
Probably not.
Anyhow, I just want to say, the competition, I think, is a little bit healthy for Facebook.
Well, you know, they do say that festering piles of crap work as fertilizer.
So maybe some weeds might grow out of that.
But no, I've been playing Groove Coaster, which is basically across.
It's like, it's kind of like Frequency, where you have the track, but you tap it and hold
it, you know, the lines a lot like Oendon or Elite Beat Agents, but the lines keep moving
and they'll sneak up on you and like the track will curve.
And that has a very Vib ribbon type of vibe to it.
It really just made me think of playing Vib ribbon, except, you know, you're just pushing
little, you know, you're tapping along.
And sometimes it's easy to figure out what the rhythm is, but sometimes it's really freaking
difficult.
I'm still kind of getting used to it, but it's got the first Arkanoid song, which is
boop, boop, you know, that was pretty fun.
And I actually got a little motion sick off of it.
Wow.
So I don't know that it'd be able to play it on.
Well, it is very light, seizure-y, you know, fast emotions.
It's on the parts where it starts spiraling downwards, then that's where I get a little
motion sick.
It's very interesting.
I've been playing a lot of Groove Coaster this week, too, because obviously, you know,
I love music games.
It's a dollar.
No secret.
Yeah.
I think the price might go up soon to three bucks if it hasn't already, but it's been
a dollar that during launch weekend, it's been like an iTunes featured game by Taito,
of course, seeing people that do Space Invaders, clearly the same team that did the last Space
Invaders, not Space Invaders Extreme, but the other one that was on iPhone or iOS, Infinity
Gene.
Thank you.
It's still a buck.
Nice.
So I definitely, if you're a music game fan at all, you definitely want to check out Space
Invaders, or excuse me, not Space Invaders.
Well, you can check out Space Invaders, too, but a Groove Coaster is only a buck.
And what I love so much about this game, it's the perfect phone game, in my opinion.
It's everything you want out of a phone game, because...
Except, you cannot sneak into the bathroom at work and play it unless you have your headphones.
Well, yes, there is that.
I suppose there is that.
But the thing about Groove Coaster is that you can play it in short little minute and
a half, three minute boosts.
It's very pretty to watch.
So it's that kind of like audio stimulation, visual stimulation, little diversion for just
a few minutes.
Or you could sit there and play every song and be diverted for an hour.
But no trans vibrator mode.
No, no trans vibrator mode.
But I think in some ways, it's like just, it was designed very well with the phone audience
in mind.
And I think that's what's great about it.
Because half of playing it is kind of just those visuals of going around the spirals
and, ooh, ah, I'm in a trance for three minutes, wasting my time.
Groove Coaster is a very good word because it really is like this massive galactic roller
coaster.
And it even shows you the track when you're done.
So I think that's kind of cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
See the path you've been on.
Yes, because there's a level later, I won't spoil it, but one of the levels when you see
the path, you're like, it kind of fits the song and you're like, oh, now that's clever.
I didn't realize that was, that's clever.
Yeah.
I really, I really had a good time with it.
Like I said, I've gotten up to the first Arkanoid song, which is like, what, the second stage
or second set of stages or something.
And there's different, you know, I guess musicians that have worked on the tracks for the game.
So it's pretty cool.
And then that's really been about it.
I mean, I've, I've had a lot of art projects to do this week, so I haven't had too much
of the way of free time.
I've done a lot of going to the gym.
Working it?
Yeah, actually.
Yeah.
I'm doing cross training now.
Now at some point I'm going to have to loan you one of my connect games.
Oh, you guys have connect or no?
I have a connect.
I haven't opened because I haven't had anything I want to play.
Well, you'll have to try one of these fitness games that I was trying out.
You might be into it.
If you're all about fitness and stuff.
I really want to try the UFC game.
Oh yeah.
I've heard interesting things about that.
I don't know if I want to train to be an ultimate fighter, but, uh, I don't know.
I mean, sometimes in these arguments, I got to take Jamie out.
You know, I need to smite all those who oppose me with my mighty fist are all right.
Uh, well then if that's it for dark soccer's gaming week, how was your gaming week?
Logie?
Uh, it was actually pretty good.
I played lots of things.
Um, so let's start off with the usual stuff.
Of course played grand theft auto.
Not much more I can say there.
Uh, lots of versus defense force, which has been pretty fun.
Been playing some co-op with my coworker.
And then, um, then we had our company game summit thing.
So some of the publishers brought out things for me to try.
Oh yeah.
You got, you got a little, little, little slice of E3 at your door this week, didn't
you?
Very small slice of E3.
All right.
Well, what'd you check out?
Okay.
So I played the newest build of, uh, connect star Wars and there's a couple of things about
it.
Um, they said that apparently they took, um, development staff off of dance central two
to finish polishing up connect star Wars.
But harmonics makes dance central.
Yeah, but it's still Microsoft.
Oh, Microsoft doesn't own harmonics.
But they still have staff working on that.
Okay.
I'm a little, that seems a little, it's just, it's, or is it one of those disingenuous things
where we moved some of the marketing staff?
No, no, no, no.
It has nothing to do with the development staff.
It's the same thing as it's Lucas arts making the game.
Yes.
I understand that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
That's what the rep told me.
I'm just repeating what I heard.
A little strange, but all right.
Especially different coasts to Lucas arts is over in the Bay area.
Right.
And then I don't know where their video game development houses, I'm assuming it's North
Bay like the rest of Lucas arts.
But uh, then of course a harmonics is out in Boston.
So I'm saying I don't know.
Okay.
All right.
Whatever.
Fair enough.
Um, you know, I'd have assumed it's more than just maybe one development house working on
it.
Whatever.
Okay.
So.
Played a bit of connect Star Wars.
They had, of course, you know, at comic con, uh, the new build had pod racing in it.
And um, also they had, you know, the regular, just a little demo thing that you go through.
Uh, yeah.
You know, it's all right, I guess.
But once again, it's just kind of, you could tell how well it's going to be just by looking
at it and the videos and stuff.
And it right for me, it plays okay.
But like the stuff that they want me to do, like for example, in, in the E3 demo, you
may remember the guy trying to, um, knock the ship off the side of the whatever and
the walkway and he dropped it and then he, you know, brought it back.
Yes, there's that problem.
But I had a bigger problem because apparently they want you to knock it off the other side.
You can knock it off either side, but they wanted you to knock it off the left side cause
it's a lot easier to do it.
So I ended up not knowing that obviously.
So I moved it to the right trying to get it to fall off the edge of the thing.
So I got it to the point where it's literally sitting on the edge teetering, not quite moving
off the edge.
And I'm at the point where I'm, why do I have to knock it off the edge?
There's clearly like 20 feet of space next to it that I could run by, you know, since
I'm a Jedi, I think I can be able to manage to, you know, fit my ego through that 20 foot
patch of space there to, um, you know, get where I need to go.
Or I don't know, maybe because since my character can force jump anyways, I could have just
hopped over the goddamn thing instead of knocking off the edge.
But no, the game wants you to knock it over the edge and before you can move on.
So I'm sitting there like pushing at it, like tap, tap, tap, come on, get off the damn edge.
Finally got the tip over and then I moved on.
But um, yeah, the controls are a little bit wonky still.
They're still working it out.
And then pod racing, well, it works about as well as any Kinect based racing game.
And you know, pod, pod racing would be something that I would imagine that would require a
lot of precision, which the Kinect unfortunately just does not deliver.
Let me read this comment from our chat room at chat.orangeonstrader.com.
We have Doing Laundry Man is in chat saying, is Kinect Star Wars gonna be fun after a night
of binge drinking?
And that's kind of a similar question I have is that, you know, Loki, obviously you're
what we would call a hardcore gamer, you play a lot of Grand Theft Auto IV and, you know,
a lot of these other games that you take very seriously.
Or you may be approaching Kinect Star Wars with too much of the hardcore angles.
It's more something that kids are gonna really eat up and this is gonna be fun at parties
and drunken nights.
It's not like, I mean, it's kind of on rails, sort of.
I mean, you can dash towards things and you can dodge stuff.
But you know, all the gestures are very basic and you know, it's still very early.
I mean, the game right now, it's probably not even in beta and it's, you know, July
and the game's coming out in November.
So there's still plenty of time, you know, to polish it up and it's playable.
It's not terrible.
I mean, it's just not something I would buy.
But it's all right.
It's just something that like if someone likes The Force Unleashed or something like that,
they're not probably gonna get a lot out of this.
Let's say Josh was 11.
Would you want to buy it then?
He'd probably dig it.
Yeah.
That's where I'm thinking this is going to, is that this is very much for the same audience
that kind of supported the connect to begin with.
It wasn't really the hardcore.
It was more of the, I don't want to say soccer mom even, but just the family crowd.
And thank God.
One thing that they did get rid of, because it was really stupid in the demo, was the
lightsaber on!
You know, that was just retarded.
Now you just put your hand out and the lightsaber comes out and that's it.
Maybe you still could say lightsaber on.
Yeah, I wouldn't.
Okay, that would be terrible.
So it was okay.
Pod racing though, I was slamming the walls.
But you know what?
I blame that probably a little bit on myself because I didn't know how to control a damn
thing.
I went through the tutorial for the single player regular game portion, but the rep just
put me straight into the game for the pod racing and so I guess there's dual throttles
on that thing.
So I was just like, full speed all the time, maybe that's not the greatest thing.
But the game itself though, the pod racing, it's very much like the movie.
It's kind of cool.
So if they get the controls correct, it might not be that bad.
Do they have Greg Proops doing the announcing during the Star Wars sequence?
Because I'll tell you, a shout out to one of my other favorite podcasts, Smartest Man
in the World with Greg Proops.
He was in Star Wars Episode I narrating the pod races, he was one of the two heads on
the team.
I think he is.
Is he really?
It's the same voices.
Awesome.
Yes.
So yeah, that'll be cool.
So it was alright.
And then the other game I saw was Skylanders, which is the new Spyro game.
And you know, I was just sitting there with the two Activision reps and one of them, I
mentioned them like, you know, it was like $70.
I mean really, you think people are gonna buy this, you know.
And they think that it's gonna sell well.
I mean it's kind of neat, I guess, for kids because you can just pop this little toy on
there and you know, away you go and you can play as that character.
And they're gonna have, I guess, 30 characters that you can play in the game.
But the thing is that kind of sucks.
You need certain characters to go access certain parts of the game, like you know, if you want
to go underwater you can't use a fire monster, you have to use something else.
So they kind of want you to buy the toys, which are fucking expensive.
They're like $8 each.
And you know, $8 for an action figure, that's not so bad.
You know, G.I.
Joe's, I used to buy those and that makes sense.
But these are like, they're figurines.
They don't move.
They don't articulate at all.
They're just not, you know, not, it's just mainly for the game.
It's like physical download content is basically what this is.
So it's an experiment.
I guess it'll be alright.
But I mean, if you're a fan of Spyro and you really want to play a Spyro game, I would
check this out as a demo or something first, because it's...
I was gonna say, I will admit, I kind of got sick of Spyro.
Like Spyro just kind of got oversaturated, but I haven't played a Spyro game in so long
that I think back to like the original one on PlayStation 1, like very fondly.
This is not like that.
Oh, that's too bad.
I mean, it's like that in the world sense, but it's not, like Spyro looks fucking angry
in it.
It's just like he's...
Spyro got more hardcore.
He's like, what the fuck did you do to my games?
I was so fucking pissed!
You know, he just has this angry look on his face.
They made him like emo-ragey.
They're targeting a new audience.
They're targeting angry people with money.
So it was alright, you know.
I didn't get to play Just Dance 3, because...
Oh, I bet you're just, you're just torn up about that one.
It was, Just Dance 2 was pretty fun.
I played it, you know.
Just Dance 3 on all the consoles now, or is that just Wii?
She was gonna bring in all the Wii, bring a Wii dev kit, because she had that, but unfortunately
they had issues with syncing controllers or something.
I did get to play Ninja Gaiden 3, and that's fucking amazing.
It's just such a great game.
Really?
Now, you didn't really play the other ones, right?
No.
So you weren't really ever into this series, right?
No, not really.
Okay, so you just randomly said, hey, here's a new game, I'll try it, and you're like,
whoa.
Hell yeah.
It's just really, really violent.
Of course.
Of course.
Because every time you, like, slash through somebody and you cut people, like, in half
and stuff, it, like, goes in really close.
Basically, they were saying, you know, that the theme this year was that they wanted to,
uh, I guess, convey the feeling of slicing somebody in half, you know?
Is what they're...
Well!
What they're trying to go for.
Alright, now I'm bringing up a YouTube here so I can try and see some of this here.
I'm just randomly finding a YouTube channel, hoping there's no narration in the background
here.
Ah, I don't want to hear this dude narrating.
Let's see if we can find something else a little more.
I don't remember there being alligators.
This could be just some...
This is just a YouTube spam.
YouTube really needs to clean up their crap.
Ninja Gaiden with 100% more alligators.
Clearly.
Clearly.
I don't know if I'm gonna find it.
Uh, okay, well, this one says G4 TV.
We'll see how well this goes.
I really don't want to hear Adam Sessler narrating over this stuff.
And of course there's his timing out.
Well, this segment's going nowhere.
Live Radio Boys and Girls.
It's awesome.
I'll just have to take Loki's word for it.
It's a pretty awesome game.
Granted, though, that the difficulty was ramped way down because it is a demo and they don't
want everybody to fail on it, but there is gonna be, like, I guess, some sort of casual
gaming mode or, like, an easy mode or something you can play, so, um, but, you know, just
really over the top.
Fun game, though.
So.
Alright.
Was that it?
Uh, yeah.
Oh, did Ninja Gaiden 3 make you want to go back and play the other ones?
Uh, no.
Because Ninja Gaiden's not really a game I would think that I need to play the other
ones, you know?
Like, if you were to go play Ninja Gaiden 3.
Well, yeah, but if you liked 3, you might as well go back and see what you missed in
1 and 2.
I mean, 1's, well, obviously there's, obviously there's the old, old, old what?
There's the Atari arcade game and then there were the Nintendo NES games by Tecmo and now,
you know, you had this new trilogy that started, I believe, on Xbox, was, because Ninja Gaiden
was a huge exclusive for the original Xbox, uh, you know, and then, what, Ninja Gaiden
2 was on, I think, 360 and that?
Yeah.
Well, and they also have the PS3 ones, the Sigma series.
Right.
Right.
So, you could always check that out.
Yeah, I mean, it's not, you know, not really something I necessarily need to do, but, uh.
Uh, going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com, uh, DoingLaundryMan in our chatroom says,
chopping people in half?
Loki finally gets to live one of his dreams.
Oh!
Oh, speaking, uh, just my, not really the chopping people in half thing, but I, I did
remember there was a few other things, I didn't get to play, but stuff I learned, which is
kinda cool.
Okay.
Um, Saints Row the Third, I got a little peek at, uh, cause, you know, I fucking love Saints.
I know, you're just, you're just eating that stuff up with a spoon, you are so excited,
you're gonna be there at midnight.
No, a couple things about Saints Row the Third.
One, I, I was looking at their, they had their kinda lineup of, um, their advertising campaign,
so everything they're doing up from now to launch.
And one of the things that's later on, not announced yet, um, is a new mode that they're
gonna have, like, you know, all the other games have, you know, their kind of, uh, horde
mode and stuff like that, well they're gonna have horde mode, as in whores, and basically
when you turn in, you turn on horde mode, random prosti-
Like, w-h-o-r-e-d mode.
Yes.
Horde mode, okay.
Random prostitutes will attack you on the streets.
It's awesome.
I'm just like, yes!
This game is amazing.
Uh, what game do I wanna play today?
I know, I wanna get attacked by prostitutes, just armies of prostitutes.
Are they yelling things at you?
You know, like-
I don't know, but it's gonna be awesome.
So that, that's something they're gonna be talking about.
They're gonna have some sort of invite-only, uh, demo thing that my, uh, THQ rep says that
they're gonna try, cause I'm such a huge fan, they're gonna try to get me into, and oh god
if that would happen, I don't know what I would do.
It almost sounds like you took that rep in the back alley and did what you had to do
to get a sneak peek.
Alright, he'll keep us posted.
Uh, also go to our chatroom at chat.orangelandtrader.com, uh, let's see, Spyro is in chat right now.
At least somebody named Spyro is in chat saying, I'm probably the biggest Spyro fan here and
I'm glad the game is like the original.
I thought the Legend series brought it down.
Uh, and let's see, uh, uh, Spazinator in our chatroom says, agreed, I was just playing
Ninja Gaiden 2 the other day.
The camera needs improvement to put it mildly.
So, there you go.
And Act Defta is hearing you talking about, uh, Saints Row the Third saying, best game
ever, period.
Hold on guys, the game's not out yet.
What you don't wanna do, do not hype the game beyond your expectations because you'll only
set yourself up for disappointment.
Um, so, I'm just gonna tell you guys now, Saints Row sucks.
It fucking blows.
That way if it's good, you'll be- Sonic Generations sounds like it's gonna have a lot of fan service
in it.
Including, I guess, there's, um, different things that you unlock by beating, uh, certain,
uh, challenges in each level, including some of the original games.
You can unlock Sonic 1 in there and some other stuff.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, so, let's see, Sonic 1.
How many times has that game been hoarded out in the past, uh, few years?
Let's see, we had the Sonic Mega Genesis Collection.
You could pay 400 Microsoft points and get it that way.
Uh, now it's gonna be an unlockable in another game and that's not counting when we saw it
probably back on the GameCube and every other collection known to man.
I mean, how many times are you gonna pimp out Sonic?
And I saw a new trailer for Dead Rising 2, uh, off the record or whatever.
Looks fucking amazing.
So in other words, Dead Rising 2, the way we meant to do it.
It looks hilarious because the last few trailers that I've seen for it, it's just been kind
of a teaser.
This is just, you know, him wearing, you know, little children's clothing and just doing
all sorts of weird shit.
It's awesome.
I love some of the random comments our chatters make sometimes.
SSG100Matt in our chat room says, I think in the Bizarro world, Bizarro Loki likes playing
sports games, MMOs, enjoys eating steamed broccoli, and looking at tasteful porn.
I enjoyed MMOs and tasteful porn.
So fuck steamed broccoli.
Yeah, fuck steamed broccoli, that's disgusting.
Alright, moving on, my gaming week.
Not a whole lot of new stuff.
Again, I've kind of been focusing on many of the games I already have.
I've been playing those, including, of course, WoW.
Been revisiting some old stuff.
I was randomly playing some Super Street Fighter IV this week as well as Wipeout HD, which
I finally looked at the Fury expansion, what, like two years later?
You know, well, since in my household there's two of us and we share a Playstation 3, so
I got two of the games, and then Salacious Pop got two other games, so he got the Wipeout
with Fury in it.
So that.
And I played the Bomberman game because it's free on Playstation Plus right now, and since
I didn't cash in the Playstation Plus until right at the end, I'm still on it.
So Bomberman's free right now, and I played that, and it's...
Bomberman was great, like, in 95, and now it's just, it's something that's better left
to my memory.
I forgot I signed up for Playstation Plus, ehh.
Yeah, there's some free games.
I didn't miss anything.
Go get some trophies or something.
Yeah, well it's free game, free until...
Free until the third or whenever it wears out, I know.
So you can check that out.
Also, as far as other games I've been playing that are a little bit newer, I talked about
Bastion last week, I said I'd only played the demo.
I did end up upgrading to the full version, and I'm glad I did, I'm still enjoying Bastion.
Some things that didn't show up in the demo, there's another weapon that I really like,
like a sword weapon that you can throw, that's pretty cool, and you know, I've just been
playing through a few stages of that, and you get some like training levels where you
get upgrades if you can use your weapons effectively, like there's one that is shoot all these little
pods with the least number of arrows possible, and it's just kind of interesting, it's like
half puzzle, half action, kind of neat, and then there was like another one I unlocked
later that was, you know, how fast can you slice everything up with your sword, which
is kind of cool, a little bit of a button mash, but in a fun way.
So yeah, I'm enjoying Bastion, so if you haven't checked that out, and especially if you like
kind of the old school platformers, I love that it's kind of like an old school platformer
with a very new school twist of the way the story is told, so I think it's pretty awesome.
I also checked out From Dust, this is just a demo, so again, these are impressions based
on a demo, I had heard it was like the old game's populace, which I loved that game back
in the day, so I was all about ready to try this, and I checked out the demo and it's
very, the way it's presented, the presentation of the game is great, I mean, everything is
very gorgeous, everything is well done, and the way it's put together, it felt like a
disc based game, honestly, I'm really surprised they packed all this into an arcade release,
although I think it was like a gig download, so I mean, and some 360 games are like several
hundred megs, so this is almost as big as a disc game.
I will say where I got frustrated though is that I honestly found the demo, I couldn't
really get past one of the stages in the demo, and I found it really frustrating because
the way I was laying down the sand or something was just not right, I mean, maybe I just need
to approach it again with a clear head, but it was one of those points of early frustration
where I'm like, well shit, if I can't beat the demo, then I ain't wasting my money on
the full game, but I liked where it was going, so I can't really say it reflects on the game
negatively, I think it's just one of those, try this for yourself, because it's something
you have to experience, but it's not really for everybody.
So that's the beautiful thing about Arcade, there's demos of every game, so if you like
those types of games like Populous, I'm trying to think what else, maybe Lemmings-esque,
I kind of reminded of that a little bit, you might enjoy this game, so check that out.
That's really otherwise about it, I want to get my classic game on next weekend, I was
talking to Salacious Pop about wanting to hook up the Dreamcast to play the NES emulator
to go play some old games, so I might do some of that this weekend.
I forgot a game I played this week, Cadillacs and Dinosaurs.
Oh my gosh.
Wow, old school, where the hell did that come from?
Wasn't that on Sega CD?
I think there was a version on Sega CD.
I think there was a version on Genesis though.
I played it on my arcade cabinet, it was fun, I don't know, I just wanted to play a beat
em up game that wasn't Ninja Turtles or something I'd played before, so Cadillacs and Dinosaurs
it was.
And there's a character in there that looks just like Blanca, except he has a tail and
weird eyes.
By the way, Rob, didn't we give you a NES?
You did.
Okay.
But I don't have a lot of carts.
I have some.
I was going to say, I'd be more than happy to do some games.
We'll see, we'll see.
So that you can have the excitement of blowing into the cartridges and then into the machine
and then swabbing them.
Going to our chatroom at chat.org.com, some comments from our chat, Black Wolf, the man
before us, Sunday nights at all games is in chat saying, Sky, take out the narrator.
Is Bastion still worth it?
Yes.
But keep in mind, you know, every gamer is a little different.
And I really like these isometric platformy type of games.
You know, some of my favorite games going back to the NES, the Super NES era are Solstice
and Equinox and that series.
And this game to me really kind of harkens back to those games.
Certainly the narrator adds a lot of ambience to it and, you know, just makes the storytelling,
I guess it makes it less just pictures on a screen.
And it really does add to the ambience of the game and the story that you're trying
to get immersed in.
But if you were to take it out, I would still be interested in this game.
Yeah.
I don't think it's the sole motivator, but it just makes a good thing better.
If that makes sense.
If only they had that narrator in Saints Row the Third.
You never know.
And then he decided to stand there and flip off the prostitute.
Derek H. in the chat says, From Dust is great.
And yeah, I'll admit, I probably didn't give it a fair chance.
You know, it was late last night and I just kind of got fed up and I was like, I'm just
gonna go back to Street Fighter.
Fuck this.
So I'm going to approach it again a little later on because I refuse to believe that
I wouldn't really get more out of this game considering I really used to like the Sim
City, the Populous, and those types of games back in the day.
And I keep saying Populous because that's the one I am really reminded of.
This really does feel like just an all new version of that game.
So all right, moving on.
That's pretty much it for our gaming weeks.
So let's move on to some housekeeping tonight of which we don't have a whole lot.
We still have every show planned for the month.
I don't think we have any shows planned off.
There might be one at the end of August because I'm going to be gone at the end of August,
but that's that's a ways off.
You are not going on any trips after all.
So we'll be having shows for the foreseeable future for at least the next four weeks.
Oh, nonsense.
That's why that's why you have MMOs.
You're never lonely.
You will not be forever alone.
All right.
If you know what, if you're feeling forever alone, Dark Soccer, you should just hop into
our chat room during the week and say, I can has hug and there's there's people in there
throughout the week.
They'll just say hugs.
There you go.
OK.
I challenge you to do that twice this week.
OK, we'll see.
All right.
Otherwise, visit our Web site, www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Of course, you can always visit us on Twitter, Twitter dot com slash O.L.R..
If you have comments on the show as it's going tonight and you're not in the chat, you can
always send us a tweet and we'll get to some of your tweets later on in the program.
So Twitter dot com slash O.L.R. for that.
Of course, we are on Facebook as well.
Facebook dot com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We're on Tumblr now.
I don't think we've been posting a lot there, but it's there.
Orange Lounge Radio dot Tumblr dot com.
Right.
Is that right?
Orange Lounge Radio?
Yes.
It's new.
I don't know.
I don't know all the stuff now.
And it's new.
There you go.
Do we finally delete the Myspace?
We might have.
I think that's maybe the Myspace is just might be just an archive of old, old, old ass clips
in the to go edition, because that's how long it's been there, you know, like some treasure
fossil.
There you go.
There you go.
It's like a it'll be like something you discover like in from dust, like doing archaeology
and wow.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on to some gaming news.
And I obviously the blogosphere has been blowing up this week with chat on a few topics.
And I know you're all dying to know what Loki thinks of some of this stuff.
I'm dying to know what you guys think of some of this stuff in our chat room.
Let's get to it.
Loki, we please do the honors of starting us off with the big news this week.
All right.
So Nintendo hasn't been doing that great with the 3DS.
They cut their profits forecast by 82 percent, basically dropping their estimated profit
from 20 billion yen or about two hundred and fifty seven million dollars to one hundred
and ten billion yen or about one point for one billion, I guess.
Or I'm sorry, I got that all backwards.
They dropped it down to two or 20 billion yen from 110 billion yen, which is quite a
drop.
And of course, you know, basing it on the fact that, you know, they they're saying that
the stronger than expected yen appreciation and sales performance of the 3DS hardware
and sales outlook for the holiday season.
They're going to be dropping the price, of course, of the 3DS on August 12th to one hundred
and seventy dollars from its two hundred and fifty dollar mark right now.
And I guess something similar is going to happen effective August 11th in Japan, dropping
the system from twenty five thousand yen to fifteen thousand yen.
And of course, there's no price yet in Europe, but I'm sure they're going to get some sort
of drop.
And then, of course, if you're having a little bit of buyers remorse because you bought a
launch system and you're like, what the fuck, you know, eighty dollars now, what am I going
to do?
Well, Nintendo is actually going to give you some free games.
And they said basically anybody that signs into Nintendo's eShop before August 12th will
be signed up automatically to the Nintendo 3DS Ambassador program.
And basically you get ten free NES virtual console games on September 1st.
And I guess it's before the release of the games for everybody else and also some Game
Boy Advance games.
Also that's kind of their way of saying, hey, we're going to have an NES virtual console
system on the 3DS and also going to offer Game Boy Advance games since this has never
been mentioned prior to this.
And, you know, some of the games that they're giving away, I mean, they're not half bad
actually.
It's, you know, like The Legend of Zelda, Balloon Fight, Ice Climber, of course they're
seeing some Game Boy Advance games, Yoshi's Island, Super Mario Advance 3, Mario Kart,
Metroid Fusion, WarioWare, Mario vs. Donkey Kong, so, you know, quite a few things.
And also, I guess, let's stop there before we get to some of the other stuff because
I want to dissect this a little bit because I've got to admit, when did this all come
down?
Like it was probably Wednesday or so when this was all announced.
And I've got to admit, I was reading, you know, the updates through Twitter and so forth
and through my Google Reader and I was like, what the hell is going on today?
I feel like I've stepped into Bizarro World.
What happened at Nintendo?
Like something huge went down there because this is just, does this even feel like the
same Nintendo from just a couple months ago?
It's the screams of desperation.
I mean, and when I told Salacious Pop about it, and I think he put it best, he said, wow,
Nintendo just totally ate shit.
And they really did, like, what, I mean, clearly the 3DS not performing up to expectations
and there's been a lot of flack on that, but I honestly didn't see this coming.
I mean, there's so much about this that's just out of character.
A, they didn't announce a price drop today.
They announced a price drop a few weeks from now.
And that's usually not what you want to do because that's kind of suicide to your sales
right away.
But then B, they turn around and announce this program with 20 free games, 20 Nintendo,
that is not, Nintuantido, that is not something I would have ever expected out of Nintendo.
But it gives people incentive to buy the game, the system at full price to get the freebies.
It does.
I don't get that perspective of it, but I still don't get it, like, I still don't get
it being Nintendo because I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Like I would have expected Nintendo to be like, oh, well, you know, well, we're going
to cut the price and, you know, we're going to give you some free club Nintendo points
or we're going to let you have Mario Brothers 2 early or something.
I was not expecting 20 games.
That is a huge, like, in my opinion is a huge admission of something on Nintendo.
Like we didn't just fuck up.
We fucked up big.
That's what's surprising about it to me is that to be honest, to be fair, I realize that
if I buy something early, like a 3DS, it's very likely to get a price cut in the future.
If they had announced a price drop and they said, oh, you only get a Mario game, I would
have been like, okay, well, you know, that's the price you pay for getting shit early.
Loki imported a 3DS and paid a premium to have it like a couple weeks early.
That's just what we do sometimes because we're sick.
We want to have the newest gadgets early.
I would have been perfectly fine with it, but now to hear there's like 20 free games
coming out.
Now I'm not just like, oh, I'm not unhappy about this price drop.
Now I'm like, fuck, I'm really glad I bought one early.
I mean, look at the games they're talking about on the Game Boy Advance, Metroid, Yoshi's
Island.
Metroid Fusion's fucking awesome.
They're not, there might be like half and half, half crap, half, but no, half triple
A titles.
I do have a point though to make.
What?
We're glad that we didn't get one because first of all, all of those games that are
worth having, I already own.
I bought them on my old system.
Second, we're not going to spend as much money.
Okay.
But hold that thought because Loki, you got to read this next bit then on this.
I know you're dying to give your impressions to, Loki, but I'm going to make the listeners
wait a minute.
So Loki, read this next story because here's, here's where things get real fucking interesting
real quick.
Uh, 3DS NES games will also include multiplayer following an update.
Yes, you'll be able to play those, um, virtual console games, um, I guess with other people
now.
I'm not sure if that's over the internet or if that's just locally, but that's kind
of interesting.
Um, and here's the list of NES games that they've announced.
Super Mario Brothers, Donkey Kong Jr, Balloon Fight, Ice Climber, and The Legend of Zelda,
and then of course five other unknown games right now.
So, they added multiplayer into virtual console and we don't know yet, but this possibly could
be over the internet.
They're doing what they should have done with the Wii five years ago?
Finally?
I mean, that makes these games a lot more, I mean, because let's face it, Nintendo is
kind of sucker punching us a little bit here.
If you didn't early adopt the 3DS and you do want to get these games and let's say they
do end up being multiplayer over the internet, you're going to have to buy them again.
Even if you bought them for five bucks the first time on the Wii, you're going to have
to buy them again.
But for the early adopters, now you're kind of in this, well, I can't really get mad cause
I'm still going to get it for free.
But Dark Sakura, let's say the multiplayer thing pans out.
Let's say it ends up that you can play it on the internet.
Now does that change your opinion or are you still like, no, at the end of the day I say
I'm saving 80 bucks.
I don't care about multiplayer.
I really don't.
So that's just, okay, good.
I'm glad for other people, but I don't care.
That's me.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Keep in mind how few times I've done any multiplayer game on Xbox live or I think the last multiplayer
game I've played that involved a Nintendo system was playing Super Mario Brothers.
And then that I didn't really like it with the multiplayer aspect.
So cause I was just like, stop being stupid.
Just let me play by myself.
You know, I was just getting annoyed.
So I do not play well with others.
Now I want to emphasize, we don't know for sure yet if multiplayer means multiplayer
on the internet.
We're all forming a prayer circle right now that for those of us that are in a multiplayer,
we're all forming a prayer circle that Nintendo is going to do the right thing and they are
going to open up the internet because if the emulation scene's been able to do it for years,
there's no reason Nintendo cannot open these games to play on the internet.
However, we should only expect that multiplayer means within the same room, which is still
interesting, I guess.
I don't know if I would repay $5 for these games for that alone, but if Nintendo is going
to hand them to me for free, I'm not exactly going to bash them.
You know what I mean?
And then here's another interesting thing.
Apparently, Satori Iwata, he's gone ahead and taken a 50% reduction in pay as a result
of the 3DS's slow sales.
What?
Who are you people?
Nintendo, I don't even know you anymore.
You're taking pay cuts now?
Other representative directors, including senior managing directors Miyamoto and Shinji
Hatano, are taking a 30% pay cut and other executives will lose 20% off their salaries.
I bet you anything that will not happen to Nintendo US.
I think they said Reggie's one of the affected people, right?
Uh, no.
Oh, interesting.
I didn't pick up on that.
Doing something like that is, honestly, it's...
It is the corporate equivalent of falling on your sword.
It's very much a Japanese thing.
Oh yeah.
To take responsibility, you know, for the sake of the whole company.
If only Congress would do that.
I know, right?
But I mean...
So now, in the scope of a week, we've gone from kicking Nintendo, fuck you Nintendo,
Operation Rainfall for life, fuck you, I hate you, to, oh my god, Congress needs to look
at what Nintendo's doing.
This all happened in a week!
I know.
Honestly, every politician needs to take a look at what Nintendo's doing.
Well, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Before we start talking about what Congress needs to start emulating from Nintendo, we're
still not over the fact that they botched all this stuff up with the Wii and all the
online and not bringing games over and whatnot.
But this is a very effective diversion.
Let me put it this way, okay?
Sony, they made a multi-million dollar error, if you will, in their online security, and
I got two games for it.
Nintendo, to make up for dropping- You got four games, you know you work the system,
just like the rest of us did with the multi-accounts.
To be fair, you got two PS3 games, two PSP games-
I did not actually do it on my other- Alright, well, whatever, it doesn't matter.
Um, and then, you know, we get- Okay, four games, fine.
Whereas Nintendo, oh, we're making up for dropping the console price.
Something that, you know, we knew was gonna happen, granted, it's a little bit earlier
than expected.
Who cares?
You know, if you've already bought it, whatever.
Um, so, you know, they're gonna give me twenty dollars, or twenty free games.
Now here's the best part, if you really want to game the system, here's what you do.
You go to, you know, a Best Buy, or a Walmart, or something like that, just before August
12th.
You buy a system for the full price, you log it onto Nintendo's network, and then when
it drops the price two days later, you come in and go, what the hell?
Why this drop in price?
I want a, you know, refund.
And they will refund you the difference in price.
If these companies are smart, which I'm not saying they are, but if they're smart, they're
gonna put an exemption to their policy, like just a couple weeks before.
Watch.
At least one of these stores is gonna do that.
They're gonna say, 3DS accepted from the policy from X to Y day.
They're gonna wait till right that first day that the refund, you know, if it's like a
twenty one day window, they'll wait till, well I guess we would be in that window, but,
you know, I don't know what the windows are, depending on what store you shop at, but I
bet some of them are gonna throw up an exception.
Maybe not something as huge as Walmart, but I bet you some of these other stores will.
You'll probably get, well at the very least, you know, if those games are interesting to
you, I mean, you can give it a shot.
I mean, I think that most of the time, if you're gonna, you know, you just play ignorant,
I guess, and, you know, cause not everybody's up reading gaming news and stuff like that.
You know, the moms and stuff like that, they aren't reading that, but then they hear about
an eighty dollar price drop, and they're like, what the hell?
I just spent the money.
Of course, you know.
Of course, we know that, but.
So Loki, you, okay, Loki, sometimes your thoughts on Nintendo really confuse the hell out of
me because you imported a 3DS from Japan just so you could have it before anybody else,
and you know, you were an early adopter of Nintendo, and I know you were an early adopter
of Wii as well, but then Nintendo does things that really piss you off, and you've screamed
and you've yelled at them here on the show, so surely you must have seen the news this
week and gone, what is this?
What is going on?
What is your reaction to all the news this week, and where are you at now?
My reaction is like, wow, I'm surprised they're dropping it this early.
I'm like, I guess that's an admission that, you know, it's not selling well, which we
all knew, and then, you know, wasn't angry about it.
You know, the only thing about these twenty free games is that, you know, it's kind of
cool.
At least I'll have something that I can put on my memory card that I can play, cause I'm
not, I'm not fucking buying any of those virtual console games.
I'm not paying money for that kind of stuff, hell no.
So that's kind of cool that I'll have something to fill up my memory card with, but at the
same time, you know, dropping the price of the system doesn't make any of the good games
come out any sooner, I mean, cause, you know, what, they announced a couple games, you know,
out this year, a new Mario, a Mario Kart, and stuff like that, but, I mean, I've seen
the videos of Mario Kart, and I was just kind of, eh, they added hang gliders and underwater,
big fucking deal.
You know, it's not that exciting, so, you know, I, it, I'll have something to download
for free, but it's not gonna definitely, not gonna get me to buy more things, and it's
definitely not gonna get me to buy crappy games that are out there now.
So, I mean, I would just have, I'm glad I'll have it used to dust off my system, cause
I was looking at it as sitting on the coffee table, not being charged or anything, just
sitting there, I'm like, eh, well, I don't know.
Uh, go to our chatroom at chat.orangelandtrady.com, technist in our chatroom says, right, Nintendo
running America, that means they will just rehash the same laws and not make new ones.
Isn't that kind of what's happening now, like, nobody wants to do something different, that's,
that's where we're at right now, but anyway, sorry, didn't mean to, uh, get controversial.
So this is Pop in our chat, says, what I want to know is, will DSi XL get a price drop too
now?
Very interesting that that is completely absent, but I would think logically it has to, right,
cause isn't the DSi XL right now, $179?
I don't remember.
I thought they already dropped the price of that stuff, I know they did the regular DS.
But even, I mean, logically, if the 3DS is coming down that low, XL and the rest of them,
if they're not fading into obscurity altogether, are going to have to get some type of price
cut, like XL ought to come down to 129, if not less, but I don't know, there's also a
part of me that kind of thinks like, well, why wouldn't Nintendo just get rid of all
the old DSs altogether and say, buy a 3DS or get GTFO?
I mean, and could you really blame them for doing that?
I mean, you would still have the current inventory on shelves now, we'll get their prices slashed
to get it off the shelves and make room for more 3DSs, but, well, let's talk about the
other topic that kind of comes up with this story and that is how does the Vita play into
all of this?
Because obviously a lot of folks, when they heard that the price point of the Vita was
going to be $250 for the lowest model was like, uh oh, Nintendo's in trouble.
So a lot of people see what's going on right now as a direct response, not just to Nintendo's
not doing so hot right now with the 3DS, but the Vita is going to be the same price and
Nintendo foresees trouble if they don't do this now.
I think it's a good idea that they did it because of the Vita and also because right
now the Vita's launch lineup is looking about as good as Nintendo's 3DS launch lineup.
Thank you, that's where I'm coming from.
There's these, you know, and I'm reading things on the internet that are like, oh, Sony was
just, Sony was ready to give Nintendo rumble and stuff, and like, I'm not trying to hate
on the Vita, but I also don't see where it's in much better of a position right now.
All the announced titles that they've got coming out right now aren't that exciting.
Uncharted.
That's their one big, huge thing they got.
Yeah, the other ones, like, I couldn't give a crap about whatever the hell that game,
the puzzle game is where they're like really showing off the back touch stuff or, you know,
I don't need another fucking rehash of goddamn, you know, uh, was it, uh, well, Little Big
Planet for one.
I mean, yeah, great, you know, Little Big Planet's coming out, but it's just like, okay,
it's gonna do a few different things.
I just don't care.
Or their kart racing game, which for the life of me I can't remember the fuck it's called
right now, but I don't care.
Ooh, I can make mountains by putting my fingers in their, I don't care.
I just don't care.
So I don't know, it's, I just think, you know, and don't get me wrong.
I want a Vita.
I'm going to buy a Vita at launch.
I will.
I mean, I just, I, I'm a techno, techno person.
I have to have it all, but, uh, and there, there are a couple of games on Vita.
I do want, there was that one music game that Miklotov was talking about on one of the E3
specials that I want to get.
And then there's that dungeon game that there, that probably won't be out at launch, but
I know down the road, I'll want to get that.
Um, so there are things on Vita that I want, but I look at the holidays and I go, I still
think Nintendo is going to win.
I don't think the Vita is going to win the holidays.
I got Mario.
I know 3DS has the Mario games coming out.
Do not underestimate the power of the soccer mom.
What won Christmas five years ago?
The Wii.
What won Christmas last year?
The Kinect.
Who is the target audience of both of those?
Oprah watchers.
You know, it's, I think it's going to be the same story this year.
The performance from March to now isn't really going to matter when it comes to the holidays
and all the kids everywhere want the 3DS to play Mario and watch 3D movies on.
I mean, the 3DS kind of has a lot going for it.
And I got to think also that some people, well, a lot of people probably thought, Hey,
you know what?
Nintendo is probably going to drop the price of the 3DS before holiday because you know,
it's not doing that well.
Or I mean, even if it was doing all right, they still want to, you know, incentivize
people for, you know, buying the system.
I mean, I think a lot of people are like, well, you know what?
There's not a lot of good games out right now.
I'm just going to wait.
And waiting paid off for you.
I'm just saying, imagine you're a soccer mom.
Now, I know, I know.
Just hear me out here for a minute.
Imagine you're a soccer mom and you don't know anything about games, but you know, there's
this one system that's $250 that I guess does some type of back touch thing.
But then there's this other system over here that's $80 less and it does 3D Mario and it
has Mario on it.
Yeah.
Would you remember some of your friends liking when you were in junior high school?
Which is where the soccer moms are at now.
Right?
Yeah.
So I mean, like, when I'm not trying to, again, I'm not trying to knock the Vita.
I think it's going to be huge with the college crowd and the young twenties and you know,
more adult gamers, if you will, it'll still be huge with them.
And the fact that it's a, you know, all in one in the pocket.
But I think when it comes down to the actual sales, I think what shows up under those Christmas
trees and Hanukkah menorahs and so forth are going to be 3DSs.
Do you put your presence under the menorah?
We don't really do presence for Hanukkah.
I thought you were supposed to have eight crazy nights.
The whole presence thing started because of Christmas actually.
Cause little kids that my friends, my Gentile friends get presents.
I want presents too.
Usually it's like the back to school holiday.
You get pencils and paper.
So I don't have to get you a present heathen.
You can get me a present.
I get you a present.
I get you guys presents because I know that you celebrate Christmas.
Well, you know, I like presents because I'm greedy.
There you go.
And special.
There you go.
Uh, going to our chat room, uh, laha in the chat room says, I think the parents didn't
like the 3D.
Something about not wanting to mess up their kids' eyes.
Uh, but what about, okay, look at movies, dude, Smurfs 3D is like a top as a box office.
3D really bugs my eyes.
You know, I hate looking at the world in 3D.
It really hurts my eyes.
Actually I will tell you something.
I know what laha is referring to.
It's those studies about the kids' eyes and so forth, but honestly the 3DS itself is not
true 3D.
It's lenticular and that can cause some issues with, with vision.
I mean, it gives me a headache.
I can't play a 3DS for very long without getting a headache.
So the first day it gave me a headache, but now it's fine.
Ridge Racer was unplayable.
It was just completely unplayable.
I've actually been using the 3DS a little bit as a Netflix device.
Like it's kind of nice to just have it like, you know, when you're like lying in bed, but
you're not really ready to go to sleep.
Like it's kind of nice to just be able to, you know, have the thing there to watch Netflix.
Yeah.
And funny enough, I have an iPhone, which I could use, but I don't know, usually that's
on the charger.
But the 3DS just kind of works.
Yeah.
You know, I guess they do have a point with the 3D thing.
I mean, that's really gonna torpedo their sales.
If only they had the forethought to, you know, put in a slider or something to turn the 3D
off.
If only.
Sorry Nintendo, maybe next time.
All right.
And Tigerclaw and Chad is correcting me saying Smurfs and Cowboy and Aliens are sharing the
number one spot this week.
But the reason why the Smurfs is even tied in the first place is that it's, it's has
those extra 3D ticket sales because let's face it, no one over the age of 11 wanted
to see the Smurfs movie.
I still want to see Cowboys and Aliens.
I'm very torn about the Smurfs movie because I really like Neil Patrick Harris, but I really
hate everything else about that movie.
I love Hank Azaria and he's Gargamel, but I am not fucking sitting through that movie.
I'm sorry.
He does, however, look just like freaking Gargamel, doesn't he?
I will give you that.
Why are we talking about the Smurfs movie?
Because we're talking about sales and 3D and shit.
But you know what though?
The Muppets movie, there's a lot of the cast from, uh, you know, How I Met Your Mother.
Fuck yes to the Muppets movie.
And I can't wait.
That's going to be me.
A hundred percent yes to the Muppets movie.
A hundred percent no to the Smurfs movie.
Smurfs is terrible.
All right.
You know what else is terrible?
What?
Since we're on this tangent train.
Okay.
Battleship.
What the fuck is that?
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
That movie looks a special kind of terrible.
I saw that you posted the trailer on the Facebook and I think my comment was quote, this looks
like shit.
No, Dan showed it to me and my reply was what?
I'm like, I'm sorry.
Last time I played Battleship, I didn't, I mean, and the way the trailer looked like
with the configuration of the ships, I was literally expecting Leah Neeson to shout out
I seven and Rhianna to go, girl, you shot my battleship.
That's what they're setting up.
It's just like, well, our radar's out.
We have this satellite imagery that we're going to use to plot where we fire stuff and
the enemies, you know, the whatever their missiles or whatever, but the pegs, they spent
money, lots and lots of money on that movie.
And what really freaks me out is that they bought the rights to all these other board
games too.
They want to do a new clue movie and I'm like, oh my God, no, no, no, no.
The one in the eighties was perfect.
It's a cult classic.
It's Tim Curry at his finest, second finest next to Ferder, third finest next to Ferder
and Pennywise and fourth finest next to Ferder, Pennywise and whatever in Annie.
What?
Oh, what about the demon in Labyrinth?
God damn it.
Okay.
Fifth finest.
Let's just face it.
Tim Curry is always awesome.
Every movie he touches is amazing.
Even in the worst witch, he was awesome.
So like, don't make clue like battleship.
I will cry.
Like I just expect this scene of Ms. Peacock walking these little squares in the, like,
oh my God.
Okay.
And then all of a sudden aliens come from outer space and you know, says you suck my
battleship and uh, you sunk my battleship.
Yeah.
Ism said you sunk my box office sales and Frisbee says you sunk my PT boat.
Uh, yeah.
Oh, Yahtzee movie.
Good idea.
Strelok.
Okay.
Tiger Claw and chat says, you know, despite what you see in the trailer, it could be a
fun popcorn movie if you ignore the fact it's based on a board game.
Go watch the trailer again and then come back and tell me that because maybe getting high
will be fun, but not like the first half of that trailer.
Don't get me wrong.
This is like a really cheesy, you know, this guy's like, you know, he's a loose cannon,
but he's going to, you know, this battleship thing and then they're like, Hey, what's that
out there?
You know, what is that?
You know, I thought, Oh, okay.
Maybe it's another boat that they're doing that, you know, it's kinda like Top Gun where
they're doing exercises and then, you know, Oh, they have to, you know, combat, you know,
the enemy and stuff like that.
But then it was an alien and I'm like, okay, I can't follow this at all anymore.
I just didn't really have the right, uh, stir lock and chat says monopoly movie.
God damn.
Do they have the rights to monopoly?
Oh my God.
Why do I just, I just picture this trailer in my mind and I don't know monopoly.
I just picture Russell Brand is sitting in a top hat and a monocle going, Oh God, get
out of jail.
Free called, uh, monopoly, uh, Ouija, they're doing a new Ouija, uh, movie.
Uh, is it going to be like, Oh, what was the best Ouija movie ever?
The, The Exorcist, seriously, that, that how about which board was based off of a week
off a Ouija board.
How about which board?
Anyhow.
All right.
I don't want to talk about these horrible movies anymore, although it is, it is related
to games.
Every single one of these movies will have a game tie into it.
You better believe it.
So there will be something on the Wii that you can get for the battleship movie.
That'll be, you know, Liam Neeson yelling, I seven, I do, by the way, have to quote something
from Tumblr if you watch, um, The Exorcist backwards, it's about a girl who's really
sick and then eat some pea soup and gets better.
Shut up.
I, uh, uh, I'll bring it up later, but I'm trying to find that list of movies that they
have.
Maybe we'll save it for like the afterbirth or something, but it's terrible.
I know.
All right.
Can we move on?
Let's talk about other three DS related news real quick.
I think you already know about this, but I've got to just jump in here and say this.
Uh, there are new three DS games coming this holiday season, namely Mario Kart, three DS
and super Mario three DS.
It's apparently has a name now, the Mario game, which was just kind of snuck in there.
That was the other weird thing about this week and the Nintendo, like all this other
news that just kind of showed up in the press releases.
Like the fact that original NES games were coming to virtual console, that just was kind
of, Oh yeah.
Well, since we're giving them away, we're just going to throw that out there.
I have to point out something to LAHA.
There was a dungeon and dragons movie.
It was pretty bad.
Tom Baker was in it.
However, yeah, the kid from cereal mom was in it.
There was a sequel by the way.
And just to, um, let you know the movie crawl that came out when I was pretty young, I saw
it in the theater.
I'll put it that way was supposed to be the dungeon and dragons movie and they lost the
license for it.
So dungeons and dragons has been done for the record though.
I did kind of like the dungeon and dragons and dragons and dragons.
You will believe that a Wayans can be an elf.
He wasn't enough.
What was he?
He played a human.
I thought he was a human thief.
Really?
Tom Baker played an elf.
Oh, he played the king of the elves and Tom Baker is awesome because he was the fourth
doctor.
So shut up everybody.
Anyway, Mario Kart seven as it's being called right now, it will be out in December and
Super Mario 3D land will be out in November.
No further information still on Kid Icarus, which is also supposed to be this holiday,
but they haven't exactly said when that is.
And now there's a little bit of concern that maybe it's not going to make this year.
You know the best part about Mario Kart seven according to Kotaku, it's actually the ninth
Mario Kart game.
Is it really?
Yes it is.
What games did they forget?
Arcade ones.
Uh, well I think it's Nintendo didn't really develop the arcade ones.
Didn't Namco do those because that's why it's still Mario Kart.
There was a Pac-Man movie by the way, but it was animated.
They would not be considered canon.
I would support calling it Mario Kart seven because the arcade ones are not canon.
They're not as good either.
They're really not like they're okay for arcade games I guess, but they're not the same quality
as the home ones.
And unlike Loki, I love me some Mario Kart and I am looking forward to this new one.
As long as it's not double dash bad, then I am looking forward to the new one.
I did actually have to point out that just about everything that Laha suggested, there
actually have been movies.
There was a Pac-Man movie.
It was animated.
There was a Pac-Man TV show back in the day.
Yes there was.
It was the same series.
The movie was in the same series.
There's also Pac-Man save Santa Claus.
Hey I watched it.
You know what my two shows were when I was a kid?
It was Pac-Man and Qbert.
I watched the Qbert cartoon too.
Alright let's move on.
Half the Line gagged me with a rocket ship.
Candyland was also one of the other licenses that they had.
It was Monopoly Battleship Candyland and Ouija.
Great.
I hope Patrick Stewart stars in Candyland.
Set course for Yellow Square.
Engage.
Spock is not impressed.
So did they get Chutes and Ladders too?
Alright.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us?
How about Hi Ho Cheerio?
Okay.
How about a story?
This is stupid.
And I'm gonna say why it's stupid after I read it.
Basically the ESA wants 1.1 million dollars of reimbursement from the state of California
for the law that failed.
Basically it's for Brown versus EMA.
And basically the whole point is that, and this is a quote, California persisted in defending
a law that plaintiffs warned of the legislature was unconstitutional before it passed.
That was previously found to be unconstitutional by the district court and a unanimous panel
of the 9th circuit and that is similar to at least 8 other laws invalidated as unconstitutional
prior to the time California sought seriatory in this case.
So basically, like, you knew, but you pursued it anyway because you're stupid?
Pay us.
We spent a lot of money beating your ass.
Pay us.
Now California did send, um, a check for $282,794 for reimbursement for legal fees.
However, um, we're broke in California.
That's kind of where I'm at.
I'm like, I'm like, yeah, ESA kind of deserves it, but at the same time we don't have the
money right now.
So you just need to...
I'm going to tell you what's going to happen, ESA.
Listen to me, representatives of the ESA.
This is what's going to happen if you get your money.
They're going to find another tax to raise or increase our tuition again or do something
else and it's going to hurt the people you're trying to, that pretty much fund your operation.
This is so hard because I can see it from both sides, but from the ESA, the ESA spent
a lot of money defending something that should have never been sent a law in the first place.
They were defending our rights.
And so it's kind of like they, they should be entitled to that money.
But I, I am with you.
I know damn well that money is not going to come out of thin air and there's so much...
It doesn't need to come out of thin air.
It needs to come out of fucking Lila Nee's ass is where it needs to fucking come from.
That's I think that's where the money should come from.
Absolutely.
They need to take it right from the source.
I honestly think that any of these politicians that have basically brought up anything like
this that have failed, that spent our taxpayer dollars, cause you know, he didn't pay anything
out of pocket for any of this shit.
Anything that comes out of our pockets as taxpayers, the ones responsible for the failed
law need to pay and pay it themselves.
He want to put his name on it for all the fucking fame.
Well, you know what?
You put your name on that shit and now you need to pay for it because you know, what
kind of reprimand is he going to get for coming up with this law?
Obviously he didn't fucking learn anything.
He's like, well, I'm going to just try it again.
You know, it's like, you know, Well, you know what?
This is actually some something, cause you know, here in California, basically we are
pretty much a direct democracy here.
We can vote on what we want.
All you have to do is have enough signatures to put it on the ballot and it can be voted
on.
And this is something that I would seriously sit back and pen a potential, and I've got
friends that will, you know, will review the legal side of it for me for free.
This is something that I would sit back and pen myself that a politician needs to be responsible
for anything they do that fails.
You know, if they cost the taxpayer money on a failed venture, then it needs to come
out of their personal pocket or they need to have them cut and pay.
I don't want to get too political, but I could see, but you wouldn't want to scare off a
politician from doing something that maybe they really should be doing.
You know, there's got, there's, there's a middle ground somewhere.
I know, but there, and you're right, but we got, you have to be very careful in how you
word something like that is that the court should be able to find the person liable when
gross negligence is shown.
There needs to be something that the judge could do it, but not like you wouldn't want
all politicians to have to suffer because of people constantly going after rights and
things like that.
But I mean, but I mean, it would have to be on a case by case basis, but I'm saying in
particular or something like this, and this is why I honestly don't, don't get me started.
I have a big problem with politicians in general, except for, you know, the ones that are pretty
much putting out their own money for stuff that needs to be done because they're still
out there.
But this, and again, we're broke in California.
We have no money, even though we have some of the highest grossing, you know, income
people in the country that live in our state, are they being taxed any more, you know, relatively
any more than we are?
No, because of Republicans.
Anyway, but I'm saying that when you come to the point that we don't have any more money
to pay on any of this and they're still going and pursuing stuff that they know is going
to cost us money, what's the point?
And when is that going to stop?
They're going to keep doing stupid shit.
Just look at all the, look at all the dumb laws they have in San Francisco.
Seriously.
Yeah.
And they were going to try to ban circumcision.
The whole circumcision thing that went on the ballot and had to be thrown out.
I think it was thrown out by a judge that it's not going to be on the ballot because,
you know, it was just too ridiculous or whatever legal thing they decided.
And besides that, it is, it would infringe on religious rights, so.
Right.
But I mean, it's just so- But it's like, who paid for that?
Who paid for that whole process?
They pay, the reason why I think it's so expensive to live in San Francisco is because they have
a bunch of ridiculous laws that aren't necessary.
None of us elsewhere have to deal with it.
Just in San Francisco, they have this shit.
But I mean, I don't want to get too political here, but some could look and say, in San
Francisco, everyone has health care.
We'll see.
Okay.
That's one I agree with.
But I'm saying there's other- Anyhow, all right.
We got to, we got to not.
I think Jamie needs a spinoff show that's political.
No cause then I would be harsh and have a headache.
Called Stitchin' Bitch.
All right.
Let's move on.
Uh, Loki, what do you have for us?
Back to gaming.
Uh, GameStop is now prepared to offer downloadable PC purchases at retail, much like they do
right now with digital purchases for DLC and stuff like that.
I mean, great if you want to do that.
I mean, if you're trading used items for, like, download content or something like that.
But I mean, much like I don't see the point in download content being purchased at retail,
I don't really see the point of buying a digital PC title at retail.
I mean, shit, if you're going to go to retail to buy a digital title, like, say, you know,
any game that's out there now that, you know, it's like a major game, like, say like a Deus
Ex, Human Revolution, or something like that, just buy the boxed copy.
I mean, if you're going to fucking pay money for it at retail anyways, why are you going
to pay money for a code to go download it for digitally?
I mean, it's just...
I think GameCroc's just trying to do what they have to do to stay relevant, but it ain't
going to work.
Period.
Yeah, I mean, they're saying that, like, for example, uh, the first game, yeah, actually,
Deus Ex is the first game that'll be an in-store digital purchase, says those who purchase
the digital versions will also receive downloads for the original Deus Ex Game of the Year
edition and Deus Ex Invisible War.
So that's kind of how you get a little bit of extra stuff.
Customers will also receive explosive mission DLC and double power-up rewards points.
I mean, I guess that's cool if you want all those extras.
I mean, I know Steam does a lot of, like, extras like that as well.
I guess it's just really, you know, if that's important to you, then I'd go that route.
But if you're just looking to buy, you know, digital stuff, I mean, it's kind of like the
whole point of buying digital in the first place is so you don't have to go to the store.
But I guess if you're young enough and you don't have a credit card or something like
that, then that may be the only way to go.
But I still think it's ridiculous.
But whatever, you know.
It's what they want to do.
Power to the players, as they say.
It'd be really neat if I could, like, get into the used game market with this stuff.
Like, I should be able to, like, Steam, revoke my access to a game and I get, like, a credit
to use on the store and then somebody else can buy the game at a reduced price or something.
I know that'll never happen, but if you think about it, they could do something where the
publisher would get a cut of that.
And that doesn't happen right now in the retail stores.
There could be a way, if publishers are smarter about the used game market, where they could
get a cut of it.
And I'm not just talking these $10 online passes, but whatever.
Anyhow, moving on, speaking of prices, Xbox Live Arcade.
Have you noticed something about the games on Xbox Live Arcade?
Yeah, the points have been slowly rising.
That's right, the cost of the games have been rising on Xbox Live.
So far, in 2011, there have been 20 1200-plus games.
Last year, 27 of the 85 games released for the service cost 1200 points or more.
So we're already at 20 for this year.
So that was an 8% increase in itself over 2009, when 21 titles hit that price point.
Now they are saying that, well, we have to blame the fact that the quality of games we're
basically making is a lot higher too.
Limbo and Castle Crashers, they're as good as anything else that's out on the market.
What do you guys think?
Do you think that Xbox Live Arcade games are getting better and therefore they're worth
the extra money, or do you think this is just inflation when we're not paying attention?
I think it's inflation.
I think it's a little bit of a mix of both.
I think, yes, it's inflation going on, but at the same time, you really don't see anymore
like just crappy, lazy arcade ports.
Ever since Microsoft banned those from the service, you don't see any more of this just
re-release of an old-ass game that's 400 Microsoft points.
Most of the stuff that's coming out now definitely had a lot of development dollars put into
it with mixed success.
Some of it's really good.
Some of it's not so good.
It just depends on what kind of games you're into.
I think it's a little bit of both.
And you know what?
That's fine.
They want to put out $20 games because you don't have to buy them, and no one's forcing
you to buy them.
And you know what?
If you're smart, you wait, and then sometimes when that game pops up onto the deal of the
week, then you buy it for a cheaper price.
And I still do.
I will say one thing I do love is that you still get the demos, and that's something
you can't always get at a retail store.
So that is one thing I really like.
And I can really, really try a game before I buy it.
So Xbox Live Arcade, even though the prices are creeping up, as long as the quality stays
good, I mean, there's been a lot of good arcade games I've played lately, I guess it's okay.
So we'll see.
Dar Sakura.
Well, in other news, this actually is for our UK listeners.
The shop game restarted its Play Now, Trade Later deal.
So basically, you can buy a game and trade it in at a guaranteed amount, so you essentially
end up paying 5 pounds for your game.
And the games that are included on this list is UFC Trainer for Wii, Cars 2 on DS, Art
Academy, Calaveras the Cartel, Hunted, The Demon's Forge, Harry Potter and Deathly Hallows
Part 2 for Wii.
So it's a number of games, you'd have to check with your local game store to find out.
But this is going, basically if you trade in any of those games for credit before August
12th, they'll effectively cost 5 pounds.
You can use the credit on any future purchase.
So that's pretty good, I mean, it's a good way to save money, especially if these are
games that you got and you're kind of like, eh, meh.
Sounds like a really weird way of doing like a demo or like a rental service.
Well, in February, they also had one where it guaranteed a 35 pound trade in for shooters
like Killzone 3 and Bulletstorm.
So it's a good way to basically revolt stock.
So.
Hmm.
Well, we'll see how successful this is.
I don't know, none of those games are making me go, ooh, gotta get it.
I mean, granted, I live in the wrong country anyway, but we'll see.
Well, good luck.
Alright, well, let's travel the world and talk about release dates and what upcoming
games you could maybe get a 5 pound deal or a 5 dollar deal on later.
Well, not a whole lot this week, and at least there's some games coming up this week, because
there's a few weeks coming up here where there's nothing.
Starting off, Phineas and Ferb, Across the Second Dimension.
I love Phineas and Ferb.
It's coming out on PlayStation 3 with move support.
How much is it?
We, I believe, 40 dollars.
Do you love Phineas and Ferb, 40 dollars much?
No, I'll just keep watching episodes off the internet.
There you go.
Well, it's not a bad game, actually.
It's done by the people who did Ratchet and Clank, so, you know, if you like Ratchet and
Clank, then it might be worth picking up.
So yeah, Phineas and Ferb, yeah, 40 dollars retail on PlayStation 3, Wii, and the DS.
Well, DS, of course, is 30, not 40, that'd be ridiculous.
Sesame Street, Ready Set Grover coming out on the DS and the Wii, DS version has a funny
little Grover stylus.
Aw, bummer, I thought it might be that Kinect game that they were showing at E3.
No, no, that got delayed.
Sesame, on the Wii version, you get a Grover fuzzy Wii remote cover.
Wait, wait, you said that really quick, that got delayed?
Delayed to when, next year?
No, just in the fall.
Like October.
Oh, I guess, I thought that was when it was always set to come out.
Mmm, it was August at one point.
But anyways, um, and then of course, let's see here, is that really it?
Oh yeah, I forgot, Saints Row Special Edition 2-pack, they're basically re-releasing the
Saints Row double pack that they had a while ago where you can get one and two, but this
also gives you early access to the Initiation Station demo that they're gonna be having
coming out later on.
Bleach Soul Resurrection for the Playstation 3, this is gonna be kind of like a Dice Warrior
type of game, also you get three free episodes, or the anime episodes on Playstation Network
with that, you get a voucher for that, it's kinda cool.
Sniper Ghost Warrior Extended Edition, that's coming out on 360, and that's it.
I love the enthusiasm in the chatroom shown by Sturlok at chat.hornslaunchradio.com.
Sturlok says, yay Grover, he was my favorite when I was a kid, him and Cookie Monster.
Back in my day, Elmo didn't exist on the old school Sesame Street back when I was a kid.
Which we like to refer to as the good old days.
That's right.
Brakeman says, I preferred the Muppets, I liked Muppet Babies, but it was always about
Fraggle Rock.
I don't know about you guys, but anyhow.
Fraggle Rock is awesome.
Alright, going to Japanese release dates, it's kind of a slow week over there as well,
but on the Xbox 360 this week you get a couple of price reductions, including Assassin's
Creed Brotherhood Special Edition and Tropico 3 both move into the Platinum Collection,
that's on the 4th of August on the Xbox 360.
Going over to the Playstation 3, we have Assassin's Creed Brotherhood there as well, and then
another game getting a price reduction, this has a whopper of a name, it's R. Tonelico
3, Sekai Shun no Hikigane wa Shujo no Utagahajuku gets a price reduction this week.
I have no idea what game this is.
This looks like...
It's R. Tonelico.
It's a role playing game, and of course it looks like you can dress the little girls
up as bunnies in the game, and I can see a little item shop in some of these pictures.
The game looks kind of cool, but I don't think we have this here.
Yeah we do.
Not number 3 I don't think, we have number 2 at least.
What game is this?
It's R. Tonelico.
Oh.
I didn't know that was out here.
Yeah, it's out here.
Oh, there you go.
It looks interesting, maybe I'll check it out.
Alright, let's see, moving on to other consoles, I don't know if Nintendo has anything on their
lineup that I will check, but I can't do the PSP, we do have a couple games there.
We have Storm Lover, Summer Love from D3, Toriyoko, Gourmet Survival, what is that, like
Iron Chef or Die?
Gourmet Survival!
No, it doesn't look like it has anything to do with cooking.
It does look like some type of like you're fighting dinosaurs and gorillas, like you
take on primates.
Like look at that, this dude's fighting like the guy at the top of the Matterhorn at Disneyland.
That's what it looks like.
Man vs Beast, that's what that is.
That's on the PSP this week, as well as Yuusha 32nd from Marvelous comes out this week as
well.
I wonder if that's a version of 30 Second Hero, or Half Minute, oh yes it is, it's Half
Minute Hero Part 2 comes out this week in Japan, that could be a lot of fun.
So that's on the PSP this week, and going to the Nintendo Wii, Epic Mickey gets a release
in Japan this week finally, so they must have localized it for Japan, I know Disney's pretty
big over there, so they probably took a little while for them to localize it all.
They had to add Duffy to it.
Maybe.
Because Duffy is bigger than Mickey in Japan.
Is it really?
Actually Duffy is pretty big.
Family fishing as well on the Wii, and lastly on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Nazo Waku Yakata
Otono Aida Ni Ade Ni comes out.
This looks like, is this a Professor Layton game?
It would appear so.
So it's Professor Layton's Haunted Mansion or something like that on the 3DS.
There you go, your Japanese release dates.
As I horribly butcher the names as I always do.
In Europe, two things.
Limbo for PC and Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet.
On Xbox 360.
That is an awesome game.
That's it.
That is an incredibly awesome game.
I heard it was not leaked early, but there was some URL where you could get the game
early through the store or something.
How is it?
Haven't played it yet.
But I want to.
I haven't got a chance to play it.
I got it downloaded.
So how do you know it's amazing?
Based on the videos.
Oh I see.
I'm making an assumption based on trailers.
It looks amazing.
I'm just giving you crap.
It looks monochrome.
Well, it's got a unique art style to it.
Insanely Twisted.
So let's talk a little bit more about earnings and lack thereof.
THQ is disappointed in their earnings for fiscal quarter 2, including Red Faction and
the performance of that.
And they are thinking, of course, quarter 3 could be its best.
Oh I'm sorry, it was quarter 1 that they were pissed off about.
These fiscal quarters get confusing.
Of course they are saying, sales of Red Faction Armageddon and our licensed kid titles were
below expectations.
The late release of UFC Personal Trainer also adversely impacted the quarter.
You know, THQ, I mean, you had a Kung Fu Panda game come out and you decided to make it You
Draw Only.
Not a good choice, I gotta say.
Of course they are saying that the net loss of $38.4 million, and most of the losses are
from deferred revenue.
Of course the company is not counting yet, because it's going towards their online services
for its games.
And of course Q3 for them is going to be Saints of the Third, WWE 12, and the You Draw tablet
for the 360 and PS3, among other things.
Red Faction did so poorly that it will not be continuing on in any meaningful way.
So it is done, fortunately.
Your break man is crying in our chat room over the death of Red Faction.
How do you feel about it, Loki?
Weren't you a fan of that series?
Nope.
Never really.
Why not?
I just didn't play it.
It's not that I don't like it or anything.
I mean, it looked cool.
It's volition.
I love volition.
So it's part your fault that the series died, basically.
Yeah, it's because I didn't buy it.
Exactly.
So if you are mad about the death of Red Faction, just send those cards and letters to Loki.
So yeah.
It just didn't do that well.
And you would have thought, you know, a game with a unicorn that shoots rainbows out of
its ass.
It would have been awesome.
Which, by the way, I hope to God that they bring that weapon over to Saints Row the Third,
because that would be amazing.
And then of course, one of the things that they were experimenting with, starting with
MX vs ATV, is releasing a game for a lower price point and then hoping to make that money
up back with download content.
So they did try that with MX vs ATV Alive.
They put it out at $39.99, and their idea was of course to come out with a robust product
at $39.99 price point, build a large install base more quickly, and then monetize that
install base through rapid and large number of DLC drops.
Unfortunately it didn't work.
It says, the only problem is the game didn't move enough units to turn, or in turn, move
enough download content to make the experiment a success.
So the key to learning was that it was not a successful experiment.
The $39.99 price point, while good, gave us good acceleration of sales, but that wasn't
enough to drive the install base where we wanted it to be, obviously.
It just wasn't working out.
Break Man in chat is calling you Darth Loki.
He's very upset about this whole Red Faction thing, just so you know.
You know who you need to blame, okay?
You know who put their logo onto that game?
That would be Syfy.
Syfy Channel had a fucking movie.
That was Syfy Games.
If you want to talk about someone putting out a poor product, that would be Syfy.
So that's who you need to blame.
So yeah, that kind of sucks for them, but at least you know what?
I can guarantee that Quarter 3 is going to be amazing, because fucking Saints for the
Third.
That shit is going to sell like crazy.
Nice.
Alright, well, part of me didn't want to talk about this next story, but this next story
just really makes me angry.
There's so much to hate in this next story, and I apologize for bringing it up, but you
know what?
This should piss you off too, because you have the power to change things.
As you guys know, if you ever watch a television, you know that there was a horrible, horrible
tragedy in Norway this past week, and you had this just crazy asshole, and I'm not even
going to say his name.
I'm not going to show you his picture, because he doesn't deserve to have it shown.
He's a crazy asshole, and he blew up a building, and he shot a bunch of kids at a camp, because
I guess he was afraid of what they were going to grow up into or something like that.
Just bullshit excuse for doing a crazy, batshit, stupid thing that killed like 77 people, including
a bunch of teenagers, which is beyond fucked.
I mean, this guy is worse than Satan.
He's worse than Satan's farts.
He's just terrible.
He's a terrible human being, but yeah.
So anyway, obviously, this horrific thing happened, and what happens when a horrific
situation happens?
You want to blame something.
You want to blame someone?
You want to blame something.
So why am I bringing it up here on Orange Lawns Radio?
Guess who got blamed?
Video game.
That's right.
Video game retailers have pulled World of Warcraft and Call of Duty after the shooting,
some of the big retailers, because I guess this asshole wrote some manifesto that either
talked about the games.
I think he had actually said he learned how to shoot or whatever in Call of Duty, which
I don't know why you would take what a crazy asshole says at face value, but whatever.
I mean, this just infuriates me, because it's like, don't pay attention to this stupid asshole.
By banning these games, I feel like you're validating what he says, and that's the last
thing you should do in a situation like this.
It's so irritating.
He said that Warcraft provided a useful cover story for the time he spent in seclusion plotting
his terrorist attacks.
So it wasn't even that he was playing WoW, it's just saying he was playing WoW made it
for a good excuse.
And then playing Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 was a way to keep his skills honed.
So the retailers Co-Op Norway and Plate Companyit, I can't say these Norwegian names, but something
like that, they pulled the games.
They are saying it's a temporary removal, but as far as I'm concerned, you know what,
don't validate this guy.
Irritating.
Now, we will say this, Spaceworld is another retailer, they refused to pull the games,
saying it saw no connection between the games and the tragedy.
Quote, we have never seen any research that games alone have led to such incidents.
So if you live in Norway, that would be A plus Spaceworld, F minus these other guys.
So shame on that.
But then of course, it doesn't end there.
There was a very interesting opinion piece that showed up on a Forbes blog.
Of course, Forbes magazine, hugely financial, right?
And so this guy, now granted, this is an opinion piece, but he talks about an expert saying
that if you blame video games for the tragic massacres, like what happened in Norway, what
happened in Columbine, it's racist.
I don't know if that's the word I would choose to use, but I guess that's what this
article is saying here.
Clinical psychologist Christopher Ferguson, a leading expert on video game violence and
mass killings at Texas A&M International University said, video games aren't to blame for the
tragedy, nor is Doom, nor is Quake, and so on.
In fact, he believes that placing the blame on video games whenever a white male is guilty
of a killing spree is racist.
Weird, but I can't say he's told, I don't know.
Keep in mind, keep in mind, and this is something that needs to be defined for the entirety
of America.
Racism does not mean white against black, white against this.
It means one race against another.
Or it's making a judgment based on racial factors only.
Correct.
And this time he's saying because white males commit heinous acts, instantly blaming
video games is racist.
I would say bigoted.
Yeah, I know.
That's a better word.
Racist just isn't the right word for me.
But it is sort of profiling.
That's a good word.
Profiling.
But racist, I think that word cuts really deep.
For lack of the better, or maybe just for, you know, shock value, but it really is profiling
and a bit of bigotry.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
And the doctor goes on to say, mass killings are going to happen and there's nothing anyone
can do about it.
Fortunately, they're not going to happen very often, but they're like lightning strikes.
Let's see, quote, I know it's a little controversial to say, but there's a certain type of racism
in place of these killings.
When shootings happen in an inner city in minority populated schools, video games are
never brought up.
But when these things happen in white majority schools and in the suburbs, people start to
freak out and video games are inevitably blamed.
I think that there's a certain element of racism or ignorance here.
People really want to know what kind of boogeyman we can hang this on and video games are still
the top choice when it comes to any type of tragedy.
If you want to read more on this, you can go to blog.forbes.com and read the full article
there.
Let me read another quote from this.
It's just really interesting, for lack of a better word.
There are groups out there who are going to blame video games on everything.
They're like ambulance chasers, really.
I think it's irresponsible and thoughtless to try to make political gain off of someone
else's tragedy, but they're going to do it.
That's what they do.
But even those groups have been much quieter with the Oslo tragedy.
And you know, we had another follow up story in our show role that I neglected to copy
the link for, but in a nutshell, some crazy religious group is trying to get the games
banned here in the U.S. because of the Norway shooting.
And that quote I agree with.
These guys are like ambulance chasers to push their own agenda and they are exploiting a
disgusting scenario to promote their own agenda and that is sick.
And that part I agree with.
So really fascinating study.
I don't know.
Draw your own opinions.
Choose your own words.
But, you know.
Well, you know, you know what the whole thing is?
And this is my little commentary on the whole situation.
Stop looking for something to blame other than the people themselves.
Yeah.
Kaishudo in the chat room says, Rob, don't jump on the side of one nut case that goes
against another nut case's view.
I'm not totally with this guy.
Like I said, I get what he's saying, but I don't know if racism would be the word I'd
use.
Like profiling, like Jamie said, I think is maybe a better word to use.
But, you know, when he does talk about the ambulance chaser and how people will use these
situations to promote their own agendas, I will say, yes, I agree with him on that.
Weren't we just talking about politicians and the whole Supreme Court thing earlier?
I mean, wasn't that all kind of promoting Leland Yee's own political agenda and continuing
to promote his own?
I mean, that part, I am with him and a certain Lord Voldemort wouldn't have done this in
the past at all.
Well, and that's really, again, I think a failing of society in general that and OK,
I think that if you look at things maybe a hundred years ago or look into another culture,
people will were more likely to own up to what was their mistake.
It was considered the mature thing, the honorable thing to do, to own up to your own mistake,
to put the blame where it was to not make those who were circumstantially a part of
it, pay for it.
But those who are specifically responsible for it instead, now we have this, oh, well,
you're so outraged and yeah, OK, the person who did it is in jail, but we want to blame
it on something else because we want more punishment.
We want a little bit more drama out of this.
It's drama whoring is what it is.
People want more drama.
And really, it should be.
X person was criminally insane.
I don't care what they did.
I don't care if they played My Little Pony, you know, while wearing mantis and and doing
ballet in a little pink, really, too, too.
I don't care.
I do not care.
I don't care that J. Edgar Hoover was a transvestite.
He was a bastard.
Him being a transvestite had nothing to do with being a bastard.
All those things, by the way, that she mentioned before are able to be done in Dead Rising
2 off the record.
Yes, that is true.
Capcom has your your weird, sick, twisted, I'm sorry, but the word Capcom is still a
I have a bad Pavlov's response to that word this week.
But my my point being is that whatever they did in their private life, whatever they do
on the side has nothing to do with their final action.
It may have been, OK, well, I've done all this and it's led up to this point.
But really, it's what goes on in the head.
If they're not right in the head, they're not going to do something right to begin with.
If they're crazy, OK, yeah, maybe they'll get some pleasure out of playing a video game
for a little while, but they're going to need something else a little bit later.
It's just a bump on, you know, a ripple in the ocean, if that makes sense.
It's a little pebble in the pond on the way to the big boulder falling in and damming
the whole thing.
Does that make sense?
It does, but I'm just this whole thing is just I just irritates me.
I'm just sick of the blame game.
That's a big problem with society.
People need to freakin grow up and also have the maturity to put the blame on who it needs
to be put on, which is the person who did it.
It doesn't matter what else they're into.
You know, they could be into like latex fetish porn.
He could have been a concert trained piano player.
OK, like, OK, the guy in Japan who was the cannibal.
Oh, I'm using him as example.
He was a cultured, respected person.
He was smart, lived a very good life, but he ate some chick that he went out on dinner
with.
He just gave into the temptation of flesh, which, by the way, now he's actually a paid
lecturer.
Just letting you know.
Ah, and I hear he's eating it up all the attention, but my point is fired.
OK.
All right.
So here's another here's another example, and I'm not just saying this because I'm Jewish.
Hitler.
Oh, God, failed painter.
He failed his entrance into a prestigious art school, so he joined the military.
He was a vegetarian.
You would not assume vegetarian and painter would lead to mass murderer, but it did.
Are you going to blame all vegetarians and painters now for being potential mass murdering
fuckheads?
Well, vegetarians, maybe.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
A little pita is just psycho anyway, but no, Jamie, you really murdered that onion in your
salad.
But but my point is, but my point is, you know, it doesn't matter what their hobbies
are.
It doesn't matter the walk of life they come from.
Crazy is fucking crazy.
And you blame the person.
You don't see anybody blaming vegetarians for, you know, one hundred thousand people
being killed.
You don't see anyone blaming Hitler.
Legend of Zaku in our chat room says, Jamie, you have to accept that playing the blame
game ever since the Salem witch trials and you see what happened then.
A bunch of innocent people died.
You think we'd learn from history?
No, because people are stupid.
There may have been some witches in there.
We don't know.
All right.
Enough.
Enough.
On that note, Loki has effectively killed the conversation.
So let's change things up a bit.
I need some happy goddammit.
Every week here on the show, Dark Soccer takes a trip down memory lane and visits a classic
video game.
She says, hey, you need to be playing this game.
What?
I do have to repeat what William said.
All right.
The fallacy of correlation equals causation.
Now, can we do the classic game?
Yes.
Dark Soccer wins the classic game of the week.
StarTropics.
At least you picked a really good classic game of the week.
You know, I actually didn't really play that game all that much.
Really?
Yeah.
But it's such a cool, but I remember playing it and enjoying it when I did, I just got
lazy.
My best friend in fourth grade and I stayed up all night playing this game.
But it's a lot of people's favorite games.
So it's like, why shouldn't I bring up StarTropics, right?
Right.
So it was an action adventure RPG.
It came out by Nintendo in 1990 for the NES, and it was never released or intended to be
released in Japan.
It only came out in North America and Europe, but it was designed by Japanese designers
who lived in the U.S., written and directed by Genyo Takeda of Nintendo Integrated Research
and Development, who also gave us Punch-Out!
And it came out on the North American Virtual Console on January 7th, 2008, and on the PAL
region on January 11th.
And of course I had a sequel, which was Zoda's Revenge, StarTropics 2, in 1994.
That was the year I, not telling people what I did.
So you start off as, I graduated high school.
Mike Jones is visiting his uncle, who is named Dr. J and he lives on Sea Island.
And he finds that Dr. J has gone missing and Babu, his assistant, who also sounds a lot
like Baloo from the Jungle Book, lets Mike use the submarine to basically go look for
Dr. J. So it starts off all of his adventures, he thinks aliens are involved, and basically
he finds Dr. J by the wreckage of an alien escape pod.
So they think it's the Argonians, so he has to go to another ship and do all this stuff.
And then Zoda comes!
And I'm not going to say any more, because there's more stuff to the game than just what
I'm saying.
And there's also children adoption involved too.
I just thought I'd mention that.
But you don't adopt the children.
No, you don't adopt children.
So basically it's a 2D top down perspective, kind of like Zelda in the dungeon areas.
But it is linear, consistent storyline, and the story progresses basically with talking
to NPCs and doing certain actions.
And then you have to, you know, go to your little dungeon-y areas.
So it switches mechanics there where it has a zoomed in type of perspective.
So basically you get weapons and items, baseball themed in many cases.
And you basically, well you also get baseballs but they're called wonder horse hides.
And cleats known as spikes and bullas and shuriken and slingshots and mirrors and different
types of stuff.
But basically you get all kinds of things that help you progress through the game and
fight all of the various baddies.
So you get a life meter of 22 hearts, kind of like Link.
In fact it looks a lot like, you know, the Legend of Zelda life bar.
And you can find big hearts that are again like the heart containers in Zelda.
And you can get vitamin X that fills up all of your hearts.
Even though, you know, you will lose of course help when you take damage.
So you can also get try your luck signs that are, you know, basically can give you extra
lives in the game.
You only start off with three.
And if you lose all of your lives at the beginning of a dungeon, I mean in a dungeon then you'll
have to go back to the beginning.
So basically you've got, you know, your boss characters.
It's RPG stuff.
So it's, you know, like I said, I didn't get to play a whole bunch of it, but I know a
lot of people liked it.
We got to talk about the letter that came with the game.
Yes, yes.
There was a letter.
My friend, we had no idea that this was, Oh my God, it was the coolest fucking thing when
you were like nine or 10.
You get a parchment letter and actually not, not, not any, like it actually came with the
box, like just, you know, it's not, she's not talking about like something you get in
the game.
It was a tangible thing that came in the box.
Made of parchment.
Yes.
And basically it has a letter from Dr. Jones addressed to Mike.
And I, by the way, I actually did have a copy of the letter because when I rented Star Tropics
back in the day, they included the letter with the rental and I kept it.
Um, but basically, um, it's like you intercepted the letter and we're being, uh, invited to
play the game on Mike's behalf.
And then, um, you get a message from your uncle, evil aliens from a distant planet tell
Mike to dip my letter in water.
So if you have the letter, the original letter, then you could, um, put, um, what was that
thing with the water?
That had the secret message?
Yeah.
The letter you, whatever.
Yeah.
Subcode in it.
Yeah.
And I think it was supposed to be able to do it without damaging the letter.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
You could do it without damaging the letter.
Yeah.
But, um, but you had a secret message in there.
I think it had like, I, if I remember right, there was a spot, a very specific spot where
you would drip the water.
I can't totally recall.
Actually.
I'm going to see if I can find a picture of the letter.
I remember the code was seven 47 and is they actually like an airplane, Nintendo power
or was asked the question enough because people that rented the game or sometimes their letter
would be damaged or missing in the package.
So Nintendo power actually printed it after a while.
Yeah.
I had the call into the hotline because I bought it used.
Yeah.
It's kind of one of those things that like in retrospect, it probably wasn't a very good
idea.
Like Ubisoft don't pay attention to the letter thing.
Can you imagine that coming back as did as rights, uh, copyright protection.
Remember back in the day on the, uh, sorry, Jamie, but on the PC games, like the old school
PC games, we'd have to like thumb to page 26 of the manual and read the symbol that's
on there or get the plastic card that came with the game.
And I'm going to go all this insane copy protection back in the day.
That's kind of what this sounds like, but that one was cool.
Well now, um, for virtual console, the letter is included in the digital manual and it has
an image of the letter and a bucket of water at the bottom.
So you click on the image and the letter dips into the bucket and the code shows up.
Um, on the European release though, it just has a click here, link at the bottom and the
thing will pop up.
But I think it's kind of neat that, you know, you dunk the virtual letter.
It's cute.
It's cute.
Yeah.
I'm going to see if I can find a copy of it.
I'll link it in the chat room.
But yeah.
I was surprised they haven't remade that series yet.
I'm kind of surprised too.
Like they did have a sequel to star tropics.
I know like it was like soda's revenge.
Wasn't soda's revenge.
Wasn't the last NES game they made or no, that was, it was right at the end though.
I think Wario's woods was technically the last NES game they ever made, but Zoda's revenge
was right at the end.
All right.
We've got the letter.
Nice.
Oh, that's a bad image.
Um, there we go.
And I am going to, um, put a link to that in the chat room.
Yeah.
It'd be fun.
If anyone wants to see, it's actually, and I love the name of the website, socks make
people sexy.net slash put on tumbler.
Put on the tumbler.
Okay.
But I'm just gonna say it to you.
Okay.
images slash star tropics underscore letter dot JPEG.
Good.
Check it out.
This guy looks like a Rob, the robot, by the way, this navcom guy in the, uh, little ship
that you navigate just so you know, it's just like a Rob the robot.
All right.
Anyhow, there it is.
Your classic game of the week star tropics.
One of my favorites too.
Good, good, good call dark Sakura.
Even though that wasn't one that maybe you remember as fondly, that was, that was a classic
game for the rest of us.
There are a few games I haven't played or haven't played a whole lot of, but that doesn't
mean that other people haven't, you know, played them.
There you go.
So, all right, we're going to take a quick break guys, but when we come back, there is
plenty more of orange launch radio to come, including some rapid fire news.
Uh, the FUs of the week in the mail back, of course, your Twitter topics is twitter.com
slash O L R.
And of course more phone calls.
When we get back with more of orange lounge radio.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio.
We are live of course, with our 422nd episode on this July the 31st of 2011.
All right, we're into part B of the show.
We're going to start off part B as we always do with some rapid fire news.
So Loki, start us off with some rapid fire news.
Ah, yes.
Um, lots of fun stuff.
Let's talk a little bit about rock band and of course, um, they hit a major milestone
this week.
3000 tracks now on their service, both combined in the regular rock band store and of course
the rock band network stuff.
Um, and to celebrate this, harmonix is actually hooking up, uh, 30 people, um, in America,
um, with a hundred songs of their choosing either on Xbox or PS3.
And of course then, you know, it's 3000 songs.
There's different ways to enter, um, via Twitter, Facebook or the rock band forums.
And um, yeah, hopefully someone out there is going to enjoy those hundred songs if you
win.
Um, of course, as of us recording this, it ended about a few days ago, so, uh, so much
for that.
And then snooze, you lose.
I forgot to enter to, uh, of course, uh, you know, you don't win the hundred songs.
There are some other things coming out this week including, um, and these are all individual
songs.
They don't have any packs this week.
Uh, make some noise by the beastie boys.
That's going to be two bucks.
No sleep to Brooklyn.
Um, also two bucks and that's also from the beastie boys, um, brought a barracuda by heart.
Uh, that's two bucks.
That's pretty awesome.
Super bad parts one and two by James Brown.
That's also two bucks.
And tell me something good by Rufus featuring Chaka Khan.
That's also two bucks.
And you can get some pro bass and pro guitar expansions for a barracuda and super bad parts
one and two.
Not time for that yet.
Sorry.
Uh, yes.
It's funny because Duke Nukem still thinks it's popular, but Duke Nukem Forever is going
to be getting some new, uh, download content, new multiplayer modes and maps.
This fall, um, they're going to have a Hail to the Icons parody pack and it's going to
have several parodies of, um, different games including, um, they've got a parody of Team
Fortress 2, um, that's going to be in there.
Uh, two forts one bridge that's going to include hats and, you know, it says Duke doesn't need
no stinking hats.
Give him a minigun and he'll beat off all, um, corners.
He'll beat off?
Or all comers.
Okay.
Um, okay.
Um, inferno time machine engage.
Uh, Duke does combat in a hellish landscape of lava and teleporters who turn on the 16
bit graphics.
More importantly, where did this DFG come from?
Ha ha ha, you're parodying Doom, a game that's how old?
Oh, as old as your last game, because that's how long it took to get it out.
Ha ha ha.
Uh, sand pit, player's sake, roll of mini Duke in a giant sandbox with two bases on
either end made of child's toys.
This map features sticky grenades and Call of Duke.
Gee, I wonder what game that is parodying.
Duke engages in modern combat in a war-torn city.
Foes don't stand a chance against Duke when he spams them back with the noob tube.
Okay, and they're also gonna have freeze tag, which I guess is gonna be, um, players will
be able to freeze and shatter their opponents in huge succession for points and combos.
That's gonna be the new mode.
You know what the funny part about it, about all this?
All those games that you're parodying, way better than your own game.
Ha ha ha, joke's on you, dumbass.
So that'll be coming, if you bought Duke Nukem.
Hey, you know what, by the time that all this download content comes out, I bet you the
download content will be priced higher than the actual game, because it already got price
dropped, by the way.
Did it really?
$3,999 happened this week.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's a good sign.
You know, when you drop something really quick, that means it's selling well, right?
Right?
Yeah.
Um, and, yeah, ha ha ha, Operation Rainfall apparently is still not working out too well.
Xenoblade Chronicles is not coming out over here.
Of course, you know, this week, Nintendo released their upcoming software list, and Xenoblade
Chronicles, nowhere near to be found.
It is still scheduled for release in Europe, however, on August 19th, and of course, you
know, the game has been subject to ongoing campaigns by disgruntled American RPG fans,
and um, they're kinda pissed off that it's still not coming out over here.
Seen as it's being localized into languages that, you know, us Americans speak, so you
would think it'd be easy to publish it.
But Nintendo doesn't care.
Why don't they just put it on their downloadable serv- ohhhh, that's right, they don't really
have anything like that, yeah.
I mean, they have the Wii store, but- I don't know if you saw it, they announced this week
that guess what, they're gonna now start offering download content on the 3DS.
I heard about that, yeah.
That's like, wow, way to the party.
Well, I mean, didn't the Wii do that too?
I mean, the Wii had Rock Band, and you could download some stuff on there, so I don't think
it's exactly earth-shattering to hear that Nintendo's supporting DLC, it's really just
a matter of when.
But it's just not coming out yet, I mean, it's like they haven't built the infrastructure
into the 3DS.
There's no games worth it yet.
Wait.
Now what would be interesting is Nintendo saying, we are getting on board with that.
That would truly be something new.
That would be like Bizarro World.
Now that is something- Mario Kart with new downloadable tracks?
Exactly.
That is the story to wait for.
Is that what Nintendo's talking about?
Because then that's news.
Anyhow.
Moving on to some other news.
Street Fighter X Tekken is obviously on everybody's radar, especially if you're into fighting
games.
Fans of the characters, Dan, that might be Dark Sakura, she's a fan of Dan.
If you're a fan of Dan or a fan of Anna from Tekken, you might be disappointed.
Both of them have been announced as not in the roster, in fact they were booted out of
the game.
The series producer Yoshinori Ono has said that those characters won't be in Street Fighter
X Tekken because he was killed by a Tekken character at Comic-Con last year.
But I think the real reason is, quote, as much as I personally wanted to have a cool
Nina and Anna tag battle, the director was against putting Anna because we already had
Nina in.
Now, of course, Dan probably isn't gone for real real.
I would, at this point, knowing Capcom, wait for Street Fighter X Tekken Super or whatever.
Honestly, I think Anna's gonna be a palette swap for Nina.
Which is what she's been in other games.
Anna kind of played differently though, I loved Anna because she had her big heels and
everything, it was kind of fun.
Nina had the heels going on too, she had the big boots.
I know, it was just different with Anna.
It's hard to explain.
Well, Anna had the dress and was super girly with the short hair.
Yes, fun to play.
My old boss kind of looked like Anna.
Oh well, anyway.
There you go, so those characters will not be in Street Fighter X Tekken, sadly.
Some soundtrack related news, quite a bit of it actually, there's a write in music collection
that's due out on September 28th.
It's Team Entertainment is the record label, a four-disc compilation of music from the
write in series called The Lightning Strikes Back.
It will have music from write in the arcade from the 90s, write in 2, write in DX, write
in DX PlayStation, write in 3, and write in 4.
Coming out September 28th in Japan.
Also in soundtrack news, The King of Fighters XIII, the pre-orders will come with 15 years
of musical history, a four CD soundtrack compilation.
That's what Atlas is putting out there.
Try and get folks to pre-order The King of Fighters XIII.
That's pretty cool, actually.
There's also supposed to be some exclusive game modes in the console version of the game.
A story mode that will have new visuals and animations, a practice mode, a tutorial mode,
and other stuff that wasn't in the arcade but you would expect to see in a console release
of a fighter.
One other soundtrack news, Rhythm Heaven on the Wii is getting a four-disc soundtrack.
It's already out in Japan, Rhythm Heaven Wii, but it's coming out here as well.
So there you go.
A four-disc CD soundtrack coming out in Japan, August 24th for 4,800 yen, 150 songs.
Perfect in extended tracks included.
Lastly, on the plate tonight, not in soundtrack news but in sequel rumor news, TimeSplitters
4 rumored that there is a version of that coming.
I guess this is because of the official PlayStation Magazine UK's rumor machine section.
There's a rumor that says, quote, Gun-wielding monkeys are finally making a comeback.
A fourth TimeSplitters title is to be announced soon.
Of course, it is coming from the rumors, but when you consider it's the official PlayStation
Magazine.
I love me some TimeSplitters.
I know.
I bet you're excited about that.
So, we will see.
Are you giddy?
Uh, not until they actually announce something, because they've been talking new TimeSplitters
for a long time now.
All right, let's go to Dark Sakura.
In other news, we have the Endermen.
They're coming for you.
They're actually a new Minecraft mob, and they're just little black stick figures with
white eyes.
Like everything in Minecraft.
You know, but they're all black.
They actually remind me of, okay, do you ever remember in Mario Galaxy where there were
the little black guys that were standing on top of the world but you couldn't get to them
and they would just watch you?
That's what they look like to me.
And they're just there to be scary.
They're there to terrify you.
So that's all they're there for, and they're going to be in the next Minecraft update.
It's based off of, I guess, a character that was made on the Something Awful forums, Slenderman.
I watched, they have this ARG, it's called Marvel something, I forget what it's called.
And really creepy.
Really, really creepy.
The Slenderman's also been thrown in a number of other video games too, just in background
stuff.
Very creepy.
They'll basically stand still moving blocks around stuff, but if you move your reticle
over them, they'll stare at you and then they'll charge at you.
They can teleport and kill you.
I'm actually going to get a picture in the chatroom so they can see what it looks like.
There you go.
So moving forward, we also have something from Disney.
They want to buy UTV Ignition for $454 million.
Their base, this actually comes from develop, and it says Disney already owns 50.4% of UTV
and they're wanting to acquire the whole thing for its Bollywood films and TV shows.
So who knows, but they own Ignition, so that means there might be some issues.
And last but never least, and related to Disney a bit, Toy Story download content is coming
for LittleBigPlanet 2.
There will be, actually it's going to be on August 3rd in the UK, that's going to be 4.79
or 5.99, and that's nine Toy Story themed levels with two cut scenes, five levels and
two mini levels, two new music tracks, one new interactive music track, one new level
background, five materials, ten decorations, six objects, and 149 stickers.
That's pretty rad.
The costume pack, which is going to cost the same, has Buzz Lightyear gloves, helmet, legs,
teeth, and body.
Then there's Slinky Dog set, which has the feet, ears, hands, nose, skin, body, and tail.
There's Ham, which is a head, skin, and body, and Rex, which is the claws, head, skin, and
body.
And then you can also, though, download each set individually for 1.59 or 1.99.
Alright, I still got to get LittleBigPlanet 2.
I don't know why I keep missing the boat on that one.
I guess I keep waiting for a price cut that doesn't seem to be coming, but hopefully there'll
be like a Game of the Year edition or something this holiday like there was the first time.
So we'll see.
Anyhow, before I get back into some more news, I want to mention a couple things real quick,
kind of a second wave of housekeeping, if you will.
First off, if you enjoy Orange Lawns Radio, do check out another show that we produce
here.
It's called The Best Little Hoard House in Azeroth at www.hoardhouse.com.
It's myself and my buddy Xtfer, and this week we had special guest Ferrari, one of the guild
leaders for Xtfer's Guild, on Talking Smack About WoW, some really good Firelands and
raiding discussion this week.
So if you're a fan of WoW, check that out again, hoardhouse.com.
One more day.
What's one more day?
Oh, you get your last Firelands vendor, right?
I know.
You know you get a new mount from that.
I know!
You get like a little firebird thing.
I know!
SlaciousPop got that the other day.
I know, I know, I know, I know.
It's cute.
You'll be getting to ride a flaming bird.
I know.
Alright.
Also, the third podcast is probably delayed a little bit considering there's some personal
stuff going on and so forth, but we are still eyeing that at least by Labor Day, no later
than that.
We've already got things definitely in motion.
Yeah, so more hints coming.
Some of you have been begging me on Twitter for more information about that, so all I
will say is that, you know, certain components of this show, if you like it, you're gonna
really like the new show.
Otherwise, oh well, you still got this show.
It's all free, so don't complain.
Alright.
The other thing...
And they might learn a thing or two.
That's right.
You might.
Also, I want to say this, a new segment coming to OLR, actually.
You know how we have like some segments we like to do on the show?
Obviously, a lot of things you're very used to.
The Twitter topics, the Skype line we do at the end of the show, Classic Game of the Week
and so forth.
We've kind of talked amongst ourselves, you know, we like to mix it up once in a while
at OLR.
While we have a formula that works for us, once in a while we want to mix it up.
And one thing we want to feature more on the program is Indie Games.
So we're gonna have a new segment starting soon.
I can't say exactly when.
It just depends when I can get some folks on the show, but we're actually gonna spotlight
Indie Games.
We don't have a name for the segment yet, but we are gonna have, or I guess I should
say, invite developers onto the show to talk about their passion, their game and, you know,
share our space with the indie developers.
We've had some on in the past in more full interview capacity, but we decided we wanted
to have it be something that's a little more regular here on the show.
After all, we are an independent podcast, so we should do more supportive Indie Games.
You know, I like to think we give them a fair share and a fair shout out here on the show,
but I like to regularly feature something on the show, especially with so much that
you can drown in on Xbox Live, Indie Arcade and the fact that they don't really do anything
to call any of the notable releases to the top.
I think it'd be really nice to have something to at least call out one game you should be
checking out a week.
I want to point out, it won't just be limited to Xbox.
We're considering PC, Homebrew, as well as the iOS and iPhone and really Android and
indie type of phone games.
Pretty much any system that's easily accessible will cover it.
Hell, if somebody who's developing a new Dreamcast game wants to come on the show, I am all for
that, and I'm sure Dark Sakura's all over that too, because the fangirl she is.
So if you are a developer that wants to have your Indie Game featured on the show, I would
like to keep it to relatively new releases, but in the beginning I won't be too picky.
But something that's been out in the past few months or so, do drop me an email.
You can email me personally, rob at orangeloungeradio.com, or you can always drop the general email bag
as well.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com will get you in touch with who you need to get in touch
with.
So that is coming to the show soon.
Whenever we get enough stuff in the pipeline where we have some things to feature, we're
going to spotlight that here in the show.
I'm excited.
Just think about it like the classic game of the week, but now it's going to be the
Indie game of the week.
The new classics.
I guess you can think about it that way, and it won't just be Dark Sakura telling you about
it, we want to have a discussion with the developer.
Although if a week goes by where maybe we're having a hard time getting somebody, we'll
talk about something that caught our eye.
Speaking of iOS, I want to talk about that real quick, and some of the iPhone games.
Because there's some really good stuff going on on the iPhone right now, like Groove Coaster.
Right?
Amazing.
We all agree.
We all agree.
I love Tiny Tower.
Okay, look.
Do you see this, Rob?
What?
You're downloading it now?
I will download Tiny Tower.
Here's the thing.
Tiny Tower.
Oh my God.
I should hate it.
It's no better than a Facebook game, but it's so adorable, and all the characters are little
8-bit characters, and they look so cute, and they have their little bit books that they
update.
And you know what I really love about-
There's one called Tiny Zoo.
You know what I love about Tiny Tower?
Let me tell you this about Tiny Tower.
What I love about it is that, yes, it's free-to-play, and they have these whole tower bucks things,
and if you want to buy the tower bucks, you can do that and move the game a lot faster.
But you don't have to, because once in a while, and more so than in most free-to-play games,
you'll get tipped a tower buck, or you'll get tower bucks as little incentive rewards.
And so it helps to move the game along a little bit.
And what I also love about it is that if you forget to check your tower for three weeks,
oh well, the lights were dark for three weeks, and you didn't make any money.
Your citizens don't move out.
They don't burn the building down in protest.
It's just, it doesn't require your tender love and care all the time.
So if you want to play it every day, you can.
If you want to play it once a week, you can.
That is good design, in my opinion, and where the freemium model should go.
And I do know people that have spent money on Tiny Tower.
I wouldn't, but I think if people want to, they can.
So there you go.
So, all right, so I'm looking at our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchy.com, and it does look
like some folks in chat are excited about the whole indie games, talking about that
segment coming up.
And Act Deaf there says, woo, new OLR segment.
Break Man in chat says, how will any of you ever have the time to actually play games
talking about the third podcast?
I will say this much.
Hey, I'm not working.
I am.
And yeah, adding a third podcast to the plate is going to be something.
It's not going to be a long show, and it's going to be something where we can record
several of them in a day, and produce it regularly.
I'm not going to lie.
That's the way it's going to be done.
But I think you guys will get a kick out of it.
It is going to be myself, DarkSakura, and Dan.
Loki is, of course, always welcome whenever he wants to come on, but he's got other stuff
he's got to do, too.
And Dan, of course, is going to add a whole new element, especially when we tell you more
about what it's about.
It'll be great.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Breakman in the chat says, Xbox Live Indie Games.
Those devs need to call OLR.
I agree.
So, please, again, get in touch with me, Rob at OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Who wants to be first?
And let's see.
Misty about Tiny Tower in chat says, hey, protest burning might be funny.
Once anyway, at least.
I do agree it would be nice to see them do a little more with some of the events and
so forth, but the game is still early in its life, and I'm sure there'll be update patches
and so forth.
Now, that's iOS gaming done well.
I'm going to tell you what iOS game blows, absolutely blows.
Capcom Arcade.
You check this out?
Capcom Arcade, you can play classic Capcom Arcade games like 1942 and, I don't know,
what else is in the, Ghosts and Goblins and Street Fighter and all that.
You can play those, and the deal is you can play like three games once for free.
You get like three tokens every day for free, but if you want more tokens, you have to pay
more, or you can buy a machine permanently for like three bucks, but it controls like
shit.
And I'll tell you what, Magic Sword came out this week, and I love Magic Sword.
That's like the best, like, Capcom 90s game for me.
I loved Magic Sword.
Yes, I love the one on Xbox and PlayStation Network, by the way, the whole remake, but
I love me some Magic Sword, and I was so excited when it came out to the phone that I played
it.
It controls like shit.
I cannot use, like, I hate the emulation of a thumb stick with the, it just doesn't work,
and then the game froze up on me halfway through the first stage, completely froze up on me,
and I was like, the music kept going, so I knew that the emulation was still running,
but the game itself just froze, and I was like, did anybody fucking test this, or did
they just decide to just put this shit out and see who'd buy it, because it seemed to
me like option B. So, yet another strike from Capcom this week.
That Capcom arcade needs to be tested better.
It sucks.
Anyhow.
So there you go, that's my iOS talk.
Let's get back into some other news.
So we'll do some long news with Loki.
Yes.
You know, and since we were, we were talking a little bit about Capcom, and they made an
errant judgment, if you will, back with Resident Evil Mercenaries, where they said, hey, you
know what, we're gonna make it impossible for you to erase your game's save, and everybody
was pissed, and hopefully we figured that maybe people learned by that, you know, that
lesson.
Well, no.
Pac-Man and Galaga Dimensions from Namco also features a problem where your save files are
permanent and unable to be reset or erased.
Of course, they put this out, and you know, there's, you know, according to Game Life
blog, Wired's Game Life blog, there's simply no way to erase a save once it's been written
to the cartridge.
I've looked all over, even going as far as to ask a Namco Bandai representative, and
it doesn't seem like there's a way to erase a save game.
And you know, basically saying that the design doesn't just affect earned in-game awards,
which can't be deleted, but also high scores, meaning that the most recent high score is
the only one that the game records.
Apparently though, Namco, they have come to an explanation for it, and they're saying
that, here's how it works.
Pac-Man Tilt, it says the plus high score from the EX level one, it says it needs to
open 10 mils, let me really see what the high scores are here.
Score ranking, keeps one of each of the top scores mentioned above to submit to online
ranking boards, keeps the gamer's name in which the player can input via on-screen keyboard.
Yeah, it doesn't really say why they did that, it just shows how it's affected.
It says they confirmed that players have the option to share high scores online, but using
the same cartridge in different DS main posts to score twice, Namco Bandai didn't comment
on the decision-making process behind it.
Sounds like no decision was made, it sounds like just bad design again.
Yeah, other than, but if they were to copy Capcom's response, it would say that it was
an attempt to preserve the game's arcade style feel, and it would never do it again.
Here's my thing, the 3DS, okay, you've got very little penetration for the 3DS out there
right now, do you really need to hinder sales of any game on that system, and Pac-Man and
Galaga Dimensions, I don't know about you, but that's not really at the top of my list
of games I would want for the 3DS.
Well, they're great on Xbox Live Arcade, and it sounds like that's where they're going
to remain great, you know?
Yeah, but it's just like, really, you thought that was a good idea.
The thing that concerns me here, I mean, another, and I would say, I might have been interested
in these games if the price was right, but again, this whole save file thing, I can't
support this, and I don't, like, the excuse they're giving just fucking doesn't make sense.
They didn't really talk in us in circles.
No, they didn't really have an excuse.
There is, they gave no excuse.
This concerns me, because we have two companies that have made the same mistake that's very
fishy, and that's the whole used game market, right?
So it's, it's really fishy to me that we have two companies that have now done this.
You do understand people, like, I, I don't...
Is this a trend?
This isn't, this isn't gonna stop you, I mean, yeah, it will stop used game sales.
You know how it's gonna stop used game sales, or at least hinder it?
Because people, exactly, because people aren't gonna buy the new game, because if you're
gonna buy a game, which, you know, games stop me, decide, hey, you know what, we're not
gonna take it back because you can't erase this save game, granted, they haven't made
the decision permanently so far, they did at one time with Resident Evil, where they
said, oh, we're not gonna take it back, and then they changed that, but, you know, if,
if they do this, then, you know, a consumer that realizes, you know what, I'm gonna play
this game for a while, then I'm probably gonna get sick of it, and I'm gonna sell it, and
get some money for something else, if they can't sell it back, they may not buy it.
They're, you know what, I'll just, I'll just skip buying, and I'll, I'll wait until another
game comes out.
It's just, it's dumb, it's really a dumb idea, and it's, and why you should be limited, why
even at all games should be saved to the carts that they're on instead of your system.
Your 3DS, which has a goddamn SD card in it, every one comes with one.
Yeah, it's not even something you have to buy separately, like on most DSPs.
And you can save to that, I don't understand why you can't do that, and that's stupid.
You know, with the DS it made sense, because there was, there was no saving whatsoever
to the system, there was no storage of any sort whatsoever, but this is the 3DS.
Come on, jump into the century where, you know what, we can store data to these carts.
I mean, it's not like Namco could have heard what Capcom did and then made the decision.
Both of these companies made this conscious decision to design the saves this way months
ago, and that is weird to me.
It's almost like somebody put them up to it.
That's what strikes me as, like, just really weird.
But anyway, I hope this trend stops.
And yet again, another game, but this one, unlike the Capcom game, this was one I was
legitimately like, oh, I really do love Pac-Man Championship Edition, I wouldn't mind a portable
version of it, you know, if it was like 1999 maybe.
But now, nope, not gonna do it, because I'm not gonna support this type of game design.
So, even though I do tend to buy most of my games new, and I don't sell a lot of them
back, very rarely do I sell games back.
The last game I remember distinctly selling back was Top Spin 3.
And just a handful of, like, GameCube and old first generation Xbox 360 games.
So.
Anyhow, more news about the Xbox 360 anyway, since I brought it up there.
Free-to-play games apparently are inevitable on the Xbox 360, at least according to one
publisher.
Todd Harris of Hi-Rez Studios, who makes the game Tribes Ascend, it's a multiplayer first
person shooter coming to the PC, and hopefully someday the 360.
Todd Harris says, quote, at least from our conversations, both Sony and Microsoft are
moving there strategically, but there are still some things to be worked out on both
the business side and the technical side of the certification side, that's a tongue twister,
regarding frequency of patches.
And those issues just need further advancement before we would be comfortable putting a release
timeframe on the console version.
It's not the case of never, but we know all those things we can handle on the PC, so that's
why PC is first.
Interesting.
I remember hearing something about this, doesn't Microsoft limit you to the number of patches
you're able to do within the release?
I think so, I think you have to pay for that or something.
And maybe that's why the free-to-play games, well hell, any MMO tends to do a lot of frequent
updates, maybe that's the reservation they're having, which makes a lot of sense now.
To me, it's nice to kind of hear what the holdup is, and that makes sense now.
Although, shit, Final Fantasy XI, man, that game ended up being the exception to every
damn rule, because that game can patch whenever they want, because it runs through play online.
I found a copy at the thrift store today.
Did you really?
Like, the three release one.
Well, that's kind of dumb, because the code isn't going to work.
I know, but I thought it was funny.
Yeah, it is kind of funny.
And Half-Life 2.
That poor thrift store didn't know any better.
Yeah.
If someone's going to buy it and not know any better.
I know, that's the sad part.
Alright, and Brakeman comments in our chatroom at chat.orns.com, Xbox has already had
free-to-play games, 1 versus 100.
Too bad it didn't last.
Good point.
1 versus 100 wasn't an MMO, per se, but it was a free-to-play game, sure, it was Microsoft
backed, for one, but everybody, well, at least a lot of people I know miss it dearly.
It's not a freemium game, though.
True.
But you know, though, that Marvel's MMO is going to be free-to-play.
That's right, I remember hearing that.
With Deadpool.
But it's not going to be on 360.
No.
It's going to be a PC game.
Yeah, but still.
Yeah.
So, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and we read your emails.
Live here on air.
Actually, I've got to say this, live, this is really funny, just live, we had a little
net split live, and if you've ever been on IRC, you know what a net split is, and I guess
Loki's on one side of the net split and I'm on another, because I could see that Loki
just left the room.
It's me on an island with Black Wolf and Dark Tetsuya.
Oh, and everybody's back.
Oh, just reconnected.
There you go.
That's kind of funny.
All right.
Oh, internets.
You never cease to amaze me.
All right, let's move on.
Mailbag.
Open shop time.
Oh.
Oh yeah, mailbag that thing.
Well, we got two.
I'm going to double check and see if we got any more, real quick.
Nope, just two.
So, the first one.
Hey, guys.
Hey.
Just wondering, do you know of any smaller Xbox controllers?
The current ones are so big, and the way the buttons are set up, the way the buttons
are set up, the way the buttons are set up, the way the buttons are set up, the way the
buttons are set up, the way the buttons are set up, the way the buttons are set up, the
way the buttons are set up, the way the buttons are set up, the way
have to probably get a third-party controller and I think most of those are pretty soon.
Or a joystick. You could try one of those game pads like they put some out for Street Fighter 4,
the little game pads that came out, but I know Salacious Pop had a lot of problems with those.
Like he got one, he ordered it brand new out of the bag, broken. What about like, I mean,
I know she might be thinking smaller, but what about thinking bigger? Like what about an arcade
stick? That's what my suggestion was. I have, I've had hand surgery twice on my right hand, so it
gets really stiff really easily and my fingers will lock up because I still need to have one
other finger worked on. But, um, like for example, I can play Dragon Age 2 just fine because I use
my thumb and forefinger for a lot of stuff and neither of those are ones that have problems,
but I cannot play fighting games very well because I'm moving so fast and my hand will
start cramping up. So what I found is that using the joystick, you know, like we have the tournament
stick and we've got the Xbox joystick, which you can probably find at a used game store somewhere
for cheap. Um, I have no problem. So something like that will work. A situation like that is
tough too, because you really need to get your, no pun intended, you need to get your hands on
a controller to actually try it before you buy it. So I would really suggest you head out to
something where they tend to have those things out for you to try, like maybe Best Buy. Uh, I know
Fry's, but they're more west coast. Fry's always seems to have that kind of stuff out, at least the
arcade sticks, but I know they don't have those everywhere. Um, hopefully there's a store near
you. Maybe even an independent store might be a way to go where they would have some of that stuff
out for you to try it and see how your hand takes to that. By the way, speaking of the controllers
they have out at Fry's, they have a six button PlayStation controller that's not, it's, it's
third party but supported by PlayStation, by Sony that's super comfortable. So I mean, maybe see how
that likes it and see if the same distributor makes another pad like it, because I found that
to be really comfortable and it was just a six button fighting stick. I was playing, um, Super
Street Fighter IV with it at Fry's. Interesting. Yeah. So that was that email. And then the last
one, just two quick unrelated questions. Um, first off, is there an online multiplayer game that
varies the audio of voice chat or availability of text chat based on proximity? A character closer
to you would sound louder while players across the map couldn't be heard at all. I haven't gotten my
feet wet with it, but I suggest World of Warcraft would do something like this. Actually it does.
It does not, and the voice chat that's built into WoW kind of has a reputation for sucking.
They tried to build it so that people wouldn't have to get what's called ventrilo servers or
TeamSpeak some people use. Um, but folks tend to rely on the ventrilo servers. With characters
though? Actually your proximity does change with in-game, with NPCs. Yeah. But if your sound
drivers will support it. Right. But not other people. I think he's thinking like a person to
person game. You know what game comes to mind for me, to me for some reason is Halo. Didn't
Halo do that? Or specifically Halo 2 and 3 character. He's not saying, Oh, he said a
character. Yeah. Wow. Does that then? Yeah. Wow. Does that, um, wow. We'll also pan left to right,
depending on your sound card. Yeah. Um, I know that area noises in portal two and also the
loudspeaker in portal two based on where you are. The, um, the loudspeaker will project a
different way depending on the texture of the walls and where you are. Do you remember that?
So the echo will be different. Um, yeah. And when you're talking to, I don't care spoilers,
it's been out already. When you're talking to potatoes through the glass wall, um, she's a
little quieter than when you're actually right in front of her. So a lot more games are doing that,
but really a lot of it also has to do with your, with your sound card and, you know,
playing stereo versus mono. So, and then the second question real quick tiger call on our
chairman says they still use ventrilo ventrilo harassment comes to mind. Yeah. I've seen those
YouTube's interesting for the record on Star Trek online, which by the way also does the distance
based. Um, I use team speak and do any of that. It's just like ventrilo. Yeah. They're just
competing clients, but yeah. Oh yeah. Ventrilo is used by a lot of wow people. A lot of guilds
use ventrilo. It's really common. Any MMO with a big guild that does any type of group events,
you're going to find something like ventrilo team speak. One of those clients. I actually host a
ventrilo server for my private guild of friends for the record. I do prefer ventrilo versus team
speak. Me too. After having used them both. And I used team speak since February when I was playing,
um, February last year when I was playing Star Trek online. Okay. The second question, secondly,
assuming Jamie is on tonight's show, what tense is used in phrases such as will have happened?
And I do believe that is future perfect. Will have happened. When you're referring to anything
that will, that is a future event happening, but in that future point where it has already happened,
it's future perfect. Really? I thought we were a video game show. He asked. Fair enough. Um,
and that's from Robert M. Add it for the emails then. Yeah. If you want to get in on the email
bag, mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com. But now's the part of the show where we could rant
about lack of emails. If we would like. See you at the week.
Um, you know, I did have one at the beginning of the show and now for the life of me,
I can't remember what it is. So fuck you do not remember. You know, the memory is the first thing
you know. Hey Rob, what Loki, um, fuck you. The whole foods being too damn expensive.
Go to sunflower instead, all the same stuff and it's cheaper. There's some big cheese wheels that
I really wanted to buy. They're probably like $300. I like me my parm. Um, I don't really have
a whole lot of FUs. Things are, these are pretty good. Otherwise, um, FU to weekends not being
three days long. I'll do something a little silly like that. That's it for the FUs of the week.
Let's get back into some news. Loki. I'm not able to say that FU.
I get a three day weekend this weekend. Anyways, uh, let's talk. Let's talk about some more,
more, more, uh, retarded DRM. And you know, I'm saying that because it's Ubisoft and Ubisoft,
you would have thought, learned their lesson with, uh, the always on, uh, DRM that they had
with Assassin's Creed and stuff, but no, they're back with the always on Assassin's Creed type DRM
for Driver San Francisco. Um, yes, the PC version will require a permanent internet connection and,
um, no word if that's going to be loosened or not like it was with Assassin's Creed. Um, or I
believe Prince of Persia was the other game that used that. Um, of course the console version has
the stupid Uplay Passport now, the one time use code that will unlock multiplayer access. Thank
you Ubisoft. I get to play unlock or I get to play some multiplayer. How generous of you. Also
from dust is getting the Ubisoft DRM as well. Thanks Ubisoft. And, um, that kind of sucks.
Then, um, to kind of add a little bit of the icing on top of their stupid cake. Um,
they have come out, they have come out and said that, guess what? Our always on DRM is a success.
And it's a success and pissing everyone off. Yay. Basically it says, uh, Ubisoft has seen the clear
reduction in piracy of our titles, which required a persistent online connection. And, uh, from that
point of view, uh, the requirement is a success. That's because everyone went further underground
to get around your DRM. I mean, they really think that people aren't going to find a way around it
again. Here's the thing is, I don't know what exactly is considered a success because, yes,
less people are pirating your game, but you know what? The number of people pirating your game
before versus the number of people pirating your game now that you say it's reduced,
does that actually equal out to more sales? Because that those two numbers are independent
of each other. They have nothing to do with it. You know, whether people are interested in
downloading your game or not, you know, um, someone may not have been interested in downloading
Assassin's Creed 2 on PC or Splinter Cell Conviction on PC. Maybe they just didn't want
to pirate the game. You ever think of that? Um, and not to mention though that, uh, the previous
games, you know, the DRM was hacked within a few weeks anyways. So I wouldn't exactly go out and
shout at the top, you know, your lungs that it's a, you know, great success because all you're
really doing is affecting the people that legitimately buy the game and now they want to
play it offline or something like that, you know, play it in an area. Say you take your laptop with
you and you want to play it at, you know, a friend's house or something and you don't have open
wi-fi. Or say you're a serviceman overseas serving our country and you want to play a game to relax
on your break, you know. Can't do it. Can't do it. Thanks Ubisoft. So, yeah, it's stupid and...
How is that a success? That's offensive. The only people that this hurts is the people who
bought the game legitimately. That's who this hurts. Pirates will still get their game and
you're an idiot if you don't think they won't. I mean, because the PSP is unhackable, right?
Yeah. And, you know, I remember when they... It did get, you know, cracked almost, you know,
pretty quickly. So, here's the thing. If you're using, and I'm gonna assume it's the same scheme
as before, it's gonna be cracked even faster. So, all that's... Who's gonna win in that? The pirates.
Because they don't have your crappy DRM anymore. What's this about? They denied the rumored cracks?
Oh, this was back in March. They had, of course, their new DRM and I want to say it was for...
I'm trying to remember which game it was. It wasn't... Maybe it was Assassin's Creed 2, but there was
another game that they had coming out as well. I guess they... It says, pirated copies of various PC
games from Ubisoft are apparently making the rounds online, sparking allegations that the DRM
has already been defeated. And, of course, Ubisoft spokesman reported to Edge, saying this rumor is
false and while pirated version may seem to be complete at startup, any gamer who downloads and
plays the cracked version will find that the version is not complete. Yeah, not complete in the
fact that you don't get... I don't know what it was that they didn't get access to, but it was
something really stupid. Like, oh, you don't get... You don't get access to our wonderful customer
service. You don't get the Uplay features. Hooray. Yeah, something like download content or something
like that. Yeah, oh no, I can't download download content through your service. I guess I'll have to
pirate that too. It'll be cracked. You watch. Because people love, especially now that they've
come out and said, oh, it was a success. Whoosh! You just thrown gasoline on the fire, you dumbass.
Alright, well, speaking of adding fuel to the fire, there's obviously a lot of pissed off people
that Mega Man Legends 3 got cancelled. What does the internet love? Petitions! So, an activist group
has called themselves 100,000 strong for bringing back Mega Man Legends 3. They're trying to get
100,000 members and they are trying to get them all on their Facebook page. So, you can go over
there and like them if you are so inclined. Not exactly. They are doing that, but there's
an actual official petition which you have to do is sign up for the Dev Room stuff for the Mega Man
Legends 3 project and you sign up there and then you go to the forums and you make a comment and
a thread. Well, it also wouldn't surprise me if people are just trying to reach out however they
can. Yeah, it's basically that's how they're doing it right now. I signed up for it and did all that
stuff just because, you know, I'd like to play Mega Man Legends 3 and, you know, I'm not going to
beg them to release it, but I'll support the movement, I guess. Well, right now they're up
to 36,428. So, they're about a third of the way there. So, we'll see what happens. So, I mean,
no word on what happens when they hit 100,000. I mean, Capcom hasn't said. Capcom will go,
thanks for your support. Capcom will say, wow, that's 100,000 people that aren't getting this
game still. That's 100,000 people that we should market another upcoming game to. You know you
want to play Dead Rising 2. One of the things that, you know, was on there for their little
catchphrase was Legends Never Die or something like that. And so, Capcom, they had some DLC or
whatever for costumes for like Marvel versus Capcom 3, which, by the way, doesn't have any
Mega Man in it at all. I mean, Tron Bon, right? Well, but that's not Mega Man. Tron Bon's in
there. So, we love the Mega Man Legends series, but there's no Mega Man characters at all. So,
they put in there, you know, oh, there's alternate DLC because Legends Never Die,
and neither does like fashion or something like that. It's like...
I know that's literally Capcom giving the finger to that group.
Oh, God. It was like, oh, I gotta find the Facebook thing now. You know it was some intern
that wrote the little text there, and they were trying to get around the man that's holding them
down there, the management, and try to throw him a support, but it just comes off the wrong way.
Oh, I really need to find that quote because it was high-larious.
High-larious. Well, while you find that, let's go to Dark Sakura. I think he has some more
high-larious stuff for us. By the way, the Skype line is coming up as well as your Twitter topics
in just a little bit. Oh, oh, oh. This is... It's kind of... You know how people are always
finding little Easter eggs in games much later after the games have been out? You know, sort of
like the blowing on the Famicon speaker to make the Pulse voice disappear and all that? Apparently,
Bomberman will eat your dust and lick your crack. These were sound files... These were
sound files hidden in the 1997 game Atomic Bomberman, which was the first Bomberman
game made for Windows and the second Bomberman that came out on a home computer. But it has,
I'm so fucking proud of you, I could just shit. You should play that one. That one's great.
If I can find it. I am so fucking proud of you, I could just shit.
And then there's like... Eat my dust and lick my crack. There's like, oh, my ass. And there's
one that says, I'll slap you down and shit. That's right there, tits. The one after that
is a little funnier. You're fucked. No, I mean, there's like multiple sounds. That's right there,
sweet tits. That's right there, tits. That's right there, tits. You're talking to me, shit heel.
This would be a great soundboard for L.R. Talk to the fist because the face is pissed.
Next time Loki and I get in an argument about Nintendo, Dark Soccer could just say,
would you guys cut out this macho shit and hurry up? Yeah, don't make me come out there
and stomp both of your asses. I also like my ass is killing me, I need help. My ass is killing me,
I need help. The one after that's funny too. That's really funny in like a second grade way.
Oh, fuck me.
Oh, fuck me.
They're going to put out Mega Man Legends 3 after all.
I will tell you something about this, though, is that you could actually go into the sound files
in the game and make your own vocal macros for the game. Nice. So I think, I mean, I don't see
why this is reported on now, except that, you know, I think it's fucking funny. Time for a
fucking dirt nap. Sounds kind of like Bugs Bunny saying that. That's kind of funny that they made
all these really sick things they were just never found, you know. I like the last one. You talking
to me, shit heel? You talking to me, shit heel? Oh, fuck me. I like, I'll break your fucking head
with a ratchet. That one's great too. Xenocorn chat says, sounds like the jerky boys did the
audio. Yeah, kind of. It's kind of what it sounds like. These are the, well, you know, another game
had unused voice clips and I actually, I was reading a little bit more about this. It's not
a story that kind of has something, you know. Did you know in Portal 2, what's his name that did
Cave Johnson? I can never remember his name. I know who he is, but I can never remember his name.
The guy from Spider-Man. Yeah. He would, he refused to do certain lines because it sounded
too much like a rape scene. Yeah, I read that this week. And I had posted something about it on my
Tumblr, but you can find Ellen's lines, who was the voice of GLaDOS and Carolyn saying, no, I
don't want this. You know, basically, but there was one line that I wish they would have recorded
because I would love to hear it. It's after she gets put in GLaDOS says, I'm awake and I'm going
to kill you all. So. Okay. I found that actual, that quote, and it was from the DLC for Super
Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition. It says, all alternate costumes for Guile, Blanca, Dalsim,
Genn, and Feilong are included in this pack. Show everyone that legends never die and never go out
of fashion. And to which, you know, the hundred thousand strongs, uh, for bringing back, maybe
a legendary ego. Seriously? Seriously? And the chat room is lighting up a minute and a half later
because of the buffer. JK Simmons is who you're trying to think of. Yes. All right. Insolacious
Pop says he's fucking hot. All right. Uh, moving on a couple more stories for you guys. And then
the Skype line at 1 877 Game OLR or a username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio. Yes. Sony soon
enough will be saying, show me on the doll where they touched you. Uh, cause they actually have
patented some creepy looking doll thing. And I don't know if this was the crying baby out of the
PlayStation 3 commercials or what, but apparently the patent was filed back in 2008. Uh, it's only
been, uh, recently been publicized. Um, it's a plush toy that's, um, packing, I guess like a
wireless receiver, uh, means for reading storage medium and even a processor along with both USB
and ethernet ports. It would be act as some sort of buddy for kids who can pop a disc into their
PS3 and have the console communicate with it, telling it to act surprised or its arms up or a
certain point, you know, certain points during gameplay or viewing or whatever. Um, weird and
creepy looking. Wasn't there a controller like on the Wii for some type of game that was a doll and
you put the Wii mode up its butt and yeah, there's two games. Yeah. Yes. That sounds like kind of
two games. Oh my. There's my baby. Well actually it was funny cause I think one evolved into the
other. There was, um, My Baby and Me. I think it was, uh, from 505 Games and that came out in
Europe. I don't know if that came out over here, but we got Babysitting Mama also developed by the
same studio that put out My Baby and Me. But the baby was actually cute, not disturbing looking
like that picture. Yeah. Well the, to be fair though, they did have a, it was a holster that
you could put on your baby so you could holster the remote that way instead of shoving it up its
ass. Um, this thing is kind of creepy, but I could see, you know, some interesting implementations
to that. Say you jailbreak your PS3. The PS3 can send a kill signal to the doll and stop
and they can attack you in your sleep. Play fun pranks on all your family.
I'm reminded that one Halloween episode of, uh, the Simpsons where it was like,
I'm Christie the clown and I'm going to kill you. It's a little dolly.
Uh, it is creepy though. Would you play a game that involved a doll as a peripheral Loki?
Would it have to be murder dolls or something like that? I don't know. It would have to be fun.
All right, one more story for you guys and then we'll get to the Skype line. This is about
connectimals. Uh, guess what was announced? A sequel of sorts to connectimals. You can think
of it as connectimals plus or more formally connectimals now with bears. Yes, that is
exactly the name of a connectimals now with bears. Uh, it's, I guess there's going to be
download content called bear Island and you'll be able to download this for $15. And, uh, well, no,
it's not those types of bears. Not like the kind that were at Folsom street fair, but I like those
bears. Well, these, well, I like Panda bears and that's the types of bears you're going to see in
this. Yeah. So there you go. Uh, I don't know. They say five different types of bears that are
going to be in it. Um, they do have some pictures. I don't, I saw a polar bear. I don't think,
is that a koala? Kinda. Let me see. Let me see. My favorite is the box art. Cause it just looks
like they totally just photoshopped in the little Panda there. Um, let's see. I'm trying to see if
we have any koalas. That's definitely a polar bear polar bear polar bears are in there. There's
a black bear and a Brown bear and I think a Brown bear climbing a tree. So I don't think they have
koalas. No, you're thinking of the wrong game. I'd like to mention though, Jamie, I made that joke
about a month ago on my Twitter. What? Oh really? Oh, you, Oh, you made that joke a month ago and
now they just announced it officially. Interesting. How funny. Cause I put Microsoft is releasing
connectables plus bears. So if I followed you on Twitter, I would have known about the bears.
I sure hope that the animal type of bear, not the big hairy gay kind, but you know what? I would
play that game too. Anyhow, you can download the download content for 15 bucks or there'll be a
new retail release called connectables now with bears. Grr. There you go. That does it for the
news tonight. We're going to go to the Skype line. It is open now at one eight seven seven
game O L R or our username on Skype is orange launch radio. You can call us right now and we
will talk about whatever you want to talk about. Any news stories tonight or what have you.
Meanwhile, while we wait for some calls, let's go to the Twitter and get some tweets to read here in
between the waiting for some phone calls. Another screen capture. I'm going to put it in the chat
room. God, what'd you find? Do I want to know? It's just, it's just a couple of bears. Oh yeah,
probably gay bears, right? Wearing assless chaps. Nice, but they have cute little ears.
Can I go to the Twitter while we wait for some calls again? One eight seven seven game O L R
your username on Skype is orange launch radio. 13 X forever tweets us. So what do you guys think
about the group coaster by Taito for iOS? Well, I guess we said at the top of the show, but a plus
well done, right? Dark Sakura. And hopefully you'll give it a try this week. I meant to
download it. I just haven't gotten a chance to. All right. We got a call coming in. Hi,
you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, it's CD thunder. Hey, what's up CD thunder.
Not much. I have a couple of things I want to discuss. All right. What?
The two newest games that are out Duke Nukem forever and LA noir. Yes. What about them?
Well, I like to start with the Duke Nukem forever. Please do.
Well, first off, yeah, I agree with what you're saying that graphics aren't really that great.
And, um, but it's still, Duke still has his, um, sarcasm that's made it, that's made the games
great over the years. And, and only in this could, and only in this game could you kick a
monster's eyeball and consider it a field goal. So you kind of like the potty humor in it. I mean,
there's no shame in that potty humor is funny once in a while. There you go.
I mean, but what about, uh, what's up with the girls giving him a blowjob in the very beginning?
Because he's Duke. Yeah. And they're acting in the game and they're acting like he's actually
playing it and he's got the controller and everything. Because what they're trying to do is
like, imagine this is you. Yeah. Hot chicks giving you a BJ while you're playing this game.
Awesome. Isn't that awesome? Yeah, I actually wouldn't mind that.
Exactly. There you go. Point made. That's some pre-order bonus right there.
Maybe more people would have bought the game if they gave that away as a pre-order.
To pre-order the game and we'll suck your dick. Yeah. Hey. All right. Anyhow, what was the other
game you wanted to say about not Duke Nukem? Uh, you said, um, LA noir. LA noir. Ah, yes.
What do you think of LA noir? I actually like it. It's, um, I like how it's set in the 40,
in the forties and everything with all the classic cars and everything. But I,
I, it's not really set. You could tell it's not a complete forties game because they
usually don't use that language, all the F words and stuff. But besides that, it's really,
it looks really fun. So the F is for fun in this game.
Uh. All right. Forget it. Well, I, well, I mean, you know, this game's, the thing is,
if you like the toilet humor in Duke Nukem Forever, my understanding is that you get
full on beaver in LA noir. So I mean, it might be a dead chick, but still she's still warm.
Yeah. I mean, I like how it integrates where you have to interview the person and you have
to figure out on your own if they're lying or if they're acting doubtful or if they're
flat out telling a lie. Yeah. And from what I understand in the game, when you
guess correct, or like, you know, you have to guess if they're telling the truth or lying
and then a little chime sounds, right? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, what they should do is they should, instead of like just a dumb little chime that
should sound, you should get rewarded with more pussy shots. Don't you think?
Yeah. And if you get it wrong, you have to look at that bear picture of the Dark
Soccer just posted in chat. If you're not, they should just like, uh,
edit it, like have a little, uh, blur there or something, maybe.
There you go. There you go. All right. Well, anything else on your mind tonight, CD Thunder?
Oh, let's see. What other games are on your radar to play soon?
Um, I haven't actually played those two. I just mentioned, I was just looking at play through
something, but, um, I haven't been able to listen to you guys lately because I've been working,
but I'm glad I've been able to tonight. You guys have made my evening and rock on.
Don't forget. There is always the podcast. You can take us with you in your pocket every week.
All right. Did you say something? I couldn't hear you.
Yeah. Just plug in the podcast. That's all right. OrangeLunchRadio.com. More information.
You can take us in your pocket with you and listen to us whenever you want. Not just Sunday nights.
All right. CD Thunder, thanks so much for the call and enjoy the potty humor.
Hee hee poop poop. All right. Thanks. Bye.
Bye. All right. Uh, let's go to another call since our phone's ringing off the hook. Hi,
you're on Orange Lunch Radio. Who's this? Let me turn down my computer. Hey,
this is Sky Judo. Hey, Sky Judo. What's on your mind?
And I just have, uh, one thing I want to mention and then I want to go into a game.
All right. Um, when you guys are talking about the killer dolls, do you remember, um,
a couple of years ago, the news report where the, um, they had like these cabbage patch dolls that
if you, I guess you hold like a spoon up to their mouth or something and they would chew
and they were actually like eating little girls' hairs at night.
Yes. I remember that. Yes. They had to like fix those dolls because yes,
like some girl got their hair caught in it or something, right?
Yeah. A lot of girls. I mean the, um, the news report had me cracking up because like if you're
a fan of horror movies, you know, there's always like some type of instruction on how to kill the
monster. Hilarious.
Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. So on the news, they actually had
instructions on what you would have to do if you caught the cabbage, the cabbage patch doll
eating your kid late at night. Like you had to twist the head off and there was like this whole
ritual that you had to do. It was great. That sounds awesome.
I would have just gotten a pair of scissors. There was actually like four main things they
tell you to do to like dismantle the doll before I ate your kid. It's great.
Oh my God. That's awesome. And yeah, don't feed the dolls after midnight and not leave them in
direct sunlight. Yeah. You gotta leave that story and read it.
Yeah. I'll leave that story. What's the game you want to talk about?
It's a card game actually. I know everyone on all games is, uh, you know, they're like
ready to rip their hair out because I've been calling every show talking about it.
Now it's our turn now. We're the last show of the week. So it's our turn, right?
You, you guys have to try Yogi. Look at this game up, man. It's, it's a fucking awesome game.
Yogi like the bear or the brand of tea. Well, um, it comes from some type of a
Japanese saying it means to read. Like it's supposed to read your opponent's mind or
something, you know, some, it has some kind of mystical kind of crap.
So you're not, you're not talking about like a card based video game. You're talking about
like actual table and cards. I'm down with that. Like one of my favorite games ever is
Millborn. It's a French game. That's cards. And it's like cars racing. It's a lot of fun.
And I know that tons of people are going to magic. Those are all cards.
Yeah. Uh, you need to Google this game, uh, Google Yomi, uh, Yomi. And, uh, the website
is, uh, Serlin games. That's like what you can get the info on the game. And then, uh,
there's also a, um, a website that allows you to play the game for free against either
computer or other places so you can get a hang of it. But I re I recommend it. It's
like, um, the guy with the Yomi Yomi. What? Oh, not Yogi. I was thinking Yogi bear.
All right. So Yomi. Okay. Got it. The guy who, uh, the guy who invented it, he, uh,
he's some type of, um, high ranking, like street fighter player. Like he's done a few of those,
whatever the hell you call them. Oh, this is kind of interesting. This looks like I'm looking at all
the cards. The artwork looks very nice. Uh, yeah, I'm on this. It's Serlin games.com apparently
sells this. It's the Japanese word for reading and reading the mind of your opponent. It's competitive
card game that simulates a battle between two characters. It was like a fighting game,
but a card game. Interesting. It's great. And what I like about it best is, um, it's not technically
a trading card game. Like as once you, there's like a set amount of cards that you get and that's
it. It's like, you don't have to collect any more cards. There aren't any like rare cards that you
have to go out looking for and spending tons of money on. It's just a complete card game.
You know, what else is interesting about this is that I noticed every card has traditional
card stamps on it. Like the Dodge card can substitute as a three of hearts and the flame
arrow is a Jack of spades. Like that's, that's interesting to me that they, yeah, every character
is a, uh, is a deck you could actually use as a deck of playing cards. Huh? It comes with a
complete, I guess, what is it? 52 playing cards deck. Yeah. Yeah. So that's pretty much the game
in a nutshell. All right. Where can I buy this at Walmart or do I have to get it online? Uh,
well there's a, um, there's a download version that you can, um, I think it's like 1495. Uh,
you can add, it's called an employee where I guess you just print it out from your printer.
Oh wow. Uh, you get little card sleeves and you can play it that way. Or you can go
the super expensive route and get it for like a hundred bucks to complete game.
Yeah, I'll take the cheap route. No, but I, I, I did the battle and it's,
I'm not going to take up all your time, but I did the math on it because it looked pretty expensive.
But when you do the math on it, like if you buy the deck separately, um, each deck comes with two
characters. You're getting like decks of playing cards and that's like $24 in change. So if you've
bought them loosely, you actually be paying a little bit more than what you put a full game.
So it's not, it's not entirely. You know what though? A hundred bucks
doesn't seem so bad when you consider how much I spent on magic back in the day.
So the website to play it online free, I'll put it in the chat room, but you need to try that.
All right. Oh, that I can do free. I like that word. You should have started with that. All
right. All right. Thanks so much for the call and for the heads up on a new game later. All right.
I want to do tweets, but we keep getting calls and, and I definitely want to hear
what the callers have to say. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
No guys. It's Zina Corp. Hey Casey, how you doing? Hey Zina Corp. How you doing?
You know, just keeping it real. How are you keeping it real?
But by going to court, you know, long story. Wow. I'll talk about that.
Good luck with that. I hope it's not Judge Judy presiding. She can be kind of mean.
Yeah, that's true. It's kind of a rough. Well, good luck. Well, what's on your mind?
Happier thoughts. Video games. Take our mind off of that.
Good Lord. Video games. I tried getting back into some games that I passed over because I wasn't
sure how far their reach would be, but since I've been on YouTube for the past two months,
almost nonstop, I finally decided to try out both of the, uh, defense of the agent clones,
legends of, uh, what league of legends and the heroes of new earth.
League of legends. Yep. I know those games. What'd you think?
I guess it depends on the time of the day you're there. Like, especially it seems that these games
took off more in Europe than they did here. So while you're still getting European players,
everything's calm, you know, when you're in a newbie room and they're actually newbies playing
and if there's some more experienced players actually trying to help the people learn,
but the moment the afternoon comes up and all the US comes up, uh, it's pretty much like,
get the hell out you noob left and right. It's ridiculous.
See, I hate that shit. Like, I wish games had a better structure for noobs how to play.
You know, one game I randomly played this week, I forgot to mention in my top of the week was
Starcraft 2. I just randomly was like, I want to play Star Jeweled again because I love the
Star Jeweled add-on. That like made that game 10 times better. And you know, part of me was like,
I should learn how to play like real Starcraft and then go online and play. But then I'm like,
no, I'm too scared because there's no, like, there's nobody like me. Everybody that plays
Starcraft online is already really good and wah.
Yes, that's the truth. I tried getting back into a game here and of course I'm still in the Bronze
League, but now Bronze League is quite seasoned. So you really have no hope. You got to play your
buddies and that's it. That's about the only way to do it. What do you think about some of the
upcoming Defense of the Angels? Like there's a Blizzard Dota is coming to Starcraft 2 speaking
of which, and then we have actual Dota 2 from Valve soon.
I'm not holding my breath. The game is not going to change at all. I mean, it's good. It's going
to play almost exactly the same. Even like with Heroes of Newerth and League of Legends, the only
thing they really change is how the functionality of the game and it's switching from one to the
other is painful. You get set up for the way one game works and it messes you up for the other. So
you pretty much got to pick your flavor and stick with it.
So who do you think will walk away victorious at the end of the day, Blizzard, Valve,
or one of these other games? I hope they all drop to tell you the truth.
They need to work on something more original. Touch.
Hey, I told that to a Blizzard headhunter while I was in school. It's like I called them out on
it. It's like, why does Warcraft 3 play like Warcraft 2 and Starcraft? And he did it. Yeah,
everybody was there like, because they sell gazillions. That's why they all play the same.
Yeah, exactly. Because it's the same damn game. And I heard he actually wanted to talk to me
after the headhunter briefing he was doing at the school, but I think I already left in disgust. So
I didn't get a chance to give it to him directly. Who knows? I might've missed out on a job.
Nice. Well, good luck. I hope maybe you'll get a second shot with Blizzard at some point. Don't
mention that all the games are the same. Also, I got one final thing for you. Has
anybody seen the Comic-Con coverage for the Star Wars MMO?
Not extensively. I haven't been really watching this carefully. I'm kind of just waiting for when
the game gets really closer to release, but I know a lot did come out of Comic-Con.
Yeah. Based off what I saw, because they had actually, they showed the first part of an
instance adventure. And any wild head that played this game, I don't think you're really going to
see any difference. I see based off what I saw in the video, I mean, it's up on YouTube now,
but based off that footage, you still have the same tropes. You still have the same
player classes, the same structure. That's what I heard is that it's so well with
Star Wars laid over it. And I was really hoping for a little bit more. Where can I find that video?
Uh, it's on YouTube. Let me, I'll see if I can dig up the link for you and put it in chat.
Okay Ed, do that for me and I'll check it out here in a minute.
Yeah man. That's pretty much all I had. I'd say wait until you see more footage
on the game before you make an adjustment to do the initial investment.
Well, you know, we'll see how much it is and I definitely won't get that collector's edition,
but you never know. Especially if they cut the price as fast as they did on Rift,
I definitely have no excuse not to check it out.
Yeah, but this LucasArts stuff, they're not cutting that price anytime soon.
That's true. All right Xenocore, we're going to let you go buddy so we get more calls. Take care.
All right. I'll take that link for you. Take care.
Thanks. Bye. 1877 game OLR or username on Skype is orange launch radio if you'd like to get through.
Let's do some more tweets while we wait for at least one more call to come through here.
Kibben project tweets us sensationalism go. Sad as it is, if he felt pains in his chest,
he should have called an ambulance then and there. You might know what story is coming.
It's a link to a story about death by Xbox. That's the headline from The Sun.
Gotta love it. I wonder whose phone they hacked to get that headline.
Game addict 20 killed by deep vein thrombosis. Apparently a 20-year-old died from a blood clot
because he played his Xbox for up to 12 hours at a time. And his parents, of course, were stunned
by it saying, quote, as a parent, you think playing computer games can't do them any harm
because you know what they are doing. Kids all over the country are playing these games for
long periods. They don't realize it could kill them. I mean, 12 hours at a time, though,
shouldn't you? It's a parent sessive. That was not a good way to do it. That's the parents
not interfering and saying, hey, you need to slack off. Yeah. So maybe, um, your kid was obsessive
and you should have put a stop to it. That too. There is that. All right. Uh, let's see,
going on to more tweets. Uh, Roboditya Knight tweets us saying, hi, OLR. Have any of you played
Action 52 for the NES? This is another one of those multi-cart games, isn't it? I don't think
I have. Let me look it up real quick. I want to see what this is. Does that sound familiar,
Dark Soccer? You, you've, you know, a lot of the old school stuff. Yeah, but I never played
multi-carts. I'm assuming it is. Just from like ROM sets, but I haven't really played it because
why bother playing a multi-cart when you can play the actual game? I am actually looking at the
multi-cart. It did come out in 91 and then it was also out in 93 for Genesis consoles. They say a
lot of the titles had major glitches in it. Let me get to the next call. We'll talk more about this
in a minute. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Hey, it's Strelok. Hey, Strelok,
what's up, buddy? Uh, not much. Uh, just wanted to, uh, say well played Nintendo. Well played.
Ah, I was hoping somebody would call in on this. What did you think about all this Nintendo news
this week? Um, it's both. You can tell it, you know, they were desperate because the 3DS hasn't
really been selling well because they really should have waited like another year. Or at
least until the holidays. Yeah, um, but at the same time, the way they did it was just fucking
genius because everybody wins. People who are, have waited, which is probably a lot of people
because, you know, people are waiting for your actual games to come out and, uh, you know,
and for like a price drop. And, you know, people who have already bought the system,
you know, they're getting 20 free games and some exclusive stuff. So, you know,
it's good for everybody. And also it's really good for Nintendo because, um,
they've really made sure by doing this that the 3DS is probably going to be, end up being the,
uh, number one Christmas gift this year with the price drop. You know,
I could see though, to be fair, as much as I, I pretty much agree with you on all these points,
I, I, to be fair, I could see where somebody could still be pissed off at Nintendo because
maybe these 20 years, maybe Virtual Console just isn't really interesting to them. Or,
you know, they already bought them all on the Wii, so they don't really want them on the,
uh, 3DS. It's kind of like $80, you know, that's still a steep cut.
You're getting free stuff. I mean, they, they could have just gone,
uh, yeah, we're not going to, you know, we're not going to throw you a bone and look at Apple.
Yeah. It's just the price of being an early adopter. And that's not even like,
that's not even just with the 3DS. That's with like games in general. Dude,
Loki just mentioned the price of Duke Nukem Forever dropped already. That game is maybe
two months old, you know, and you didn't get nothing for free, no free hats for being an
early adopter. So, I mean, this is just the nature of the beast. Yeah. But I, I think it's, uh,
I thought it was brilliant that they put the spin on it that they did because,
yeah, it was a desperate act, but it's going to, I think it's really going to save them in the
long run because, you know, like eventually, like, well, the, like the DS launch was kind
of shitty too. That didn't have very many good games for a while. That's true. But look at it
now. The thing it had going for it most of all was the Mario 64 port that was on it. Yeah. But
now it's the best selling handheld, like pretty much ever. I mean, like the original Game Boy,
but it's, it's, it's doing well. It is. All right. Well, any other thoughts on your mind
tonight before we let you go? Um, yeah, I'll crack your head with a fucking ratchet.
Gee, thanks. All right, buddy. Thanks for the call. All right. Later. I wish I still had that
soundboard up. I would have played something in response to that. It's on our Tumblr. I just,
I don't have the Tumblr up. All right. That's going to do it for the calls tonight. We got
to get through the rest of these tweets. Thank you guys for calling tonight. Sorry,
if you didn't get through, but you can always send us an email mailbag at orangelaungerated.com
or you might be able to get a last minute tweet in real quick. Look at it. The suggested retail
of action 52, $200, but it really was, I guess like 52 different like games that were in it.
Like they actually have, they were all different games. I'm sure they were all shitty. In fact,
one of them, I guess, crashes right when you started up. Awesome. All right. Uh, let's see,
going on to more tweets here at twitter.com slash O L R M and Ziba tweets us about, you know,
we were talking earlier in the show about WTF battleship. She tweeted us the monopoly
parody movie trailer. I don't know if I want to play this whole thing. We can start in the
beginning here. Let's see. Richie Benjamin never followed in his father's footsteps
until one day when all that changed, this is where your father left you
a board game.
Thanks a lot, dad.
He threw all the, he threw all the houses on the ground and then of course the house shook
go in a world where money matters.
You lost kid. Who are you?
For the first time in his life, Richie is taking a chance.
I want to teach you all about the game.
Rolling the dice. Yeah, it's got strippers. This is already better than the battleship trailer.
Never fall in love. Unless it's with money. The community chest.
Oh, this is great. Love her more than money. I don't care what you think because now I have
the monopoly. Oh son, don't you know only I can win this game this summer. Do not pass go.
You didn't pay the luxury tax. Go to jail. Do not collect $200.
That was great. I would see that.
They should screen that at midnight at the shadiest looking theater in town.
After Rocky Horror, of course. Of course.
Act Def tweets is something that somehow we missed in our news feed tonight. Dragon Age
got removed from Steam because of DLC issues. Basically EA has a lot of sand in their vagina
and it basically has to do with origin. But I guess what they're saying is it has to do with
the whole, you know, it's that whole thing where Steam wants to control the download stuff but EA
really wants that in their own house and herpa derp. EA says at EA we offer our games and content
to all major download services. Unfortunately Steam has adopted a set of restricted terms
of service which limit how developers interact with customers to sell downloadable content.
No other download services adopted this practice. Consequently some of our games have been removed
by Steam. Whatever. That's a bummer. Dragon Age is a pretty cool game. Uh, apparently,
uh, Darth Tetsuya is tweeting and saying WonderCon 2012 moved from San Francisco to Anaheim
just for the next year. That's kind of a big deal. Like, that's far. That's a six hour drive between
the two if not more. WonderCon, which is probably the second or third largest comic convention next
to actual Comic-Con and maybe what, New York Comic-Con, uh, is moving. But I guess it's just
this year. Yeah. Interesting. Oh, but they're saying now there are some updates saying nothing
has actually been confirmed about this. I guess Anaheim is in discussion right now.
So it's don't freak out yet. Yeah, maybe it's don't freak out yet.
Uh, let's see. Uh, Darth Tetsuya is saying Wonder what the holdup was for the worldwide release of
La Mulana. It's Germany! I guess La Mulana has been held up for release in Germany. What is it?
Uh, I'm trying to read here. The ratings board of Germany, excuse me, the USK,
uh, Nigoro, who developed the game, submitted the game for review to the ESRB, the OFLC,
and the USK two months ago. Uh, those, the other two boards have the game ready to go,
but the USK has not finished yet. Interesting. I guess they can't release it until it gets reviewed.
Sorry, Joe. I know you're a big fan of La Mulana. Maybe soon. Spazinator giving us an update on the
PS3 saga. I sent my PS3 in for repairs this past Friday. I figure that I'm likely to get it back
early next week. We will see. SSJ100Matt tweets us saying the only way to defeat China is to attack
their productivity. Coming soon to China. Angry Birds. That's right. Angry Birds is coming to
China. Uh, I guess, uh, in order to prevent knockoffs and so forth. I don't know. It was
officially launched in May through a partnership with Chinese mobile games network Downjoy.
Uh, but so far, there's been all these knockoffs and pirated versions on jailbroken iPhones,
but now Rovio has teamed up with the ad network Madhouse to try and expand the game's presence.
I still say, uh, Angry Birds isn't really all that, and I don't understand why so many people
are so like losing their shit over it. Amen. All right. Uh, Tigerclaw sends us a tweet here.
Samsung is going to be manufacturing the PlayStation Vita CPU. Uh, the core processing
unit or central processing unit of Samsung's upcoming portable will be, excuse me, by Sony's
upcoming portable will be done by Samsung. These are from Samsung. These are from online reports
out of Japan. Uh, this was on the website of Japanese industry paper, the semiconductor
industry news. Not a lot of further con, uh, text besides just that, but there you go.
Samsung will play a role in the actual development of the Vita. There it is. Your Twitter topics,
twitter.com slash O L R. If you want to get in your tweets in the future. By the way,
huh? Did you hear about the, um, last sales reports on, um, smartphones? Motor roll is dipped
way down. Well, yeah, cause libraries going out, it's all Androids and, uh, iPhones. Now
the top three is Apple, Samsung and Nokia. Interesting. I would think blackberries are
still big in the corporate world. They're interesting. They've gone way down. They're
not, they're not in the top three. So interesting. All right. Well, uh, before we close out the
show tonight, I got to go to Loki and ask if there's any last minute stories he wants
to tear through. Um, no. Wow. We, we covered quite a bit of everything. So there you go.
All right. Well, uh, we'll work on more last minute stories for next week, but I guess
we've covered everything so far tonight. If you think we missed a topic, you can always
email us mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and we'll bring it up on next week's show.
Um, thank you guys of course, as always for downloading our show and supporting orange
lounge radio. We really appreciate it. Remember we do the show for free. We don't play commercials.
All we really ask help spread the word about orange launch radio. Get more butts in our
chat room on Sunday night. Tell a friend about the show. Even if you're like, I don't really
know who I could tell about orange on video, help spread the word on websites. Uh, there's
people that put signatures on forums, uh, or just as simple as leaving a five star review
in iTunes really goes a long way because that drives the popularity rankings and helps us
get exposure to more people. Uh, there's been some reports on the internet this week that
I've seen come up on Google plus and all that, uh, people linking stories saying podcasting
is dying. Well to that I say because maybe corporate podcasting is dying, but people
like us were never really in it for the money anyways. And we were doing this since before
podcasting. We're not going away anytime soon. We're awesome sauce, but we can still use
every piece of word of mouth we can get and we'll continue to provide this show for your work day
and whatever else. So there you go, but we can't have call it a show until we get around
and get everybody's final thoughts. So dark soccer, what's your final thought tonight?
Um, I think we're going to miss pinkberry. Yes, this makes me sad, but, uh, we'll, we'll do it
another time. Maybe on Tuesday. I would like to do a tiny little plug. Look on geek life tomorrow,
geek-life.com for a special geeks in history that has to do with Nintendo. All right. A Nintendo
geek in history. Yes. Very cool. Uh, Loki, your last minute story tonight. Oh, I don't have any
last minute stories, but excuse me, your final thought tonight. Uh, fortunately today is both,
uh, very sad and, uh, but kind of happy tomorrow though. Sad because it is the two year anniversary
of the twins death. Unfortunately, uh, we lost two babies two years ago. Um, however happy news,
though. Josh's first birthday is tomorrow. So, uh, happy birthday to Josh. I never realized it
was in such class, close proximity to each other. Everything is on the 31st of the first.
Interesting. Well, you know, um, looking forward, uh, I look forward to Josh's first birthday. I'm
sure it'll be looking forward to seeing pictures of the mess he's going to make. Oh, we've already
fed him, um, that kind of stuff. Like extra for his nephew and that party we actually had,
we had a professional, uh, pictures taken of him and he's eating a cupcake and that was funny.
Oh, that's cute. We had a picture of my brother Matthew when he was one sitting in his high chair
with a cake in front of him and half the cake demolished by smash, smash, smash. I think
there's a picture like that of me out there somewhere too. You'll never see it. He's having
his, uh, birthday party next Saturday. It is a pork theme party. Um, awesome. And, uh, so we
all have a little piggy cake then, but no tomorrow we want the leftovers. Uh, tomorrow we're taking
him to, uh, at least I do. Maybe not dark, sorry. We're taking him to, um, the gallery to go on the
merry-go-round. Oh, fun. Good time. And maybe have some ice cream. Uh, my final thought tonight is
there may not be time for pink berry, but there's always time for tacos. Yes. That's going to do it
for another episode of orange launch radio. Thanks again for tuning in and spending your day with us
your past three hours or what have you. Uh, we really appreciate it. And guess what? We're gonna
do it all again next week. Good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange
lounge radio is an orange lounge production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time. The views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com,
but we're probably right anyway. See you next week.
