Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki
Tonight, July 17th, 2011, another company is set to charge for online passes.
Could an old MMO be coming to the PS Vita and PopCap Games finds a buyer?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio. It is July 17th, episode 420 of our show.
I'll just kind of leave that over there and let the jokes write themselves.
We are here to talk about video games on the show where every gamer has a voice.
You can join us live every week, Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern and All Games Radio right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at www.allgames.com
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you with my co-hosts. First off, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hey, how's it going, Jamie?
I don't know, I'm allergic.
So wasted.
No, I'm not. I'm high on coffee right now that Dark Sakura brewed for me before the show.
It's like a special blend. I like this.
I make excellent coffee. I will tell everybody, it's half hazelnut, half chocolate macadamia, which is decaf.
And then marijuana.
No. A teaspoon of Hershey's cocoa and a little bit of cinnamon.
Is coffee going to make me fat?
No. Because, keep in mind, cocoa does not really have any sugar in it.
Okay, alright.
This is regular cocoa, like the can of cocoa.
Is this an episode of Orange Lawn Trader or am I watching like Cooking with Paula Deen? Because you are from the South, after all.
Ew.
That woman is frightening. This woman.
What's your problem with Paula Deen?
They photoshopped her anyway.
They just, she just likes butter.
No, okay. Have you, look at every magazine cover and advertisement that she's on.
It's always this one same smile. It's like they take different pictures of her and just plaster the same face on her in Photoshop.
Well, I was looking through my Facebook pictures not that long ago and I had kind of a similar smile in a lot of my pictures.
Like I tend to do that whole like, what?
But you're not photoshopped.
You're right, I'm not photoshopped.
To look like that.
Alright.
It looks.
I'm naturally that beautiful.
She looks like a wax sculpture.
She looks like she belongs in Madame Trousseau's House of Wax or whatever.
Yeah.
But her sculpture would be made out of butter.
Maybe butter is a good preservative.
I don't know. Alright, look. We gotta also say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
And I know Loki knows a thing or two about cooking with butter.
Yes, it's the best way to go.
Exactly. So how are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
What's your dinner of choice tonight? The listeners are dying to know.
It's pepperoni pizza.
Pepperoni pizza. Good times.
I ate some.
It was good. I was just craving pizza the other day because, well, we were talking about pizza and I was like, hmm, I want pizza.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandraday.com, you guys can always join us and have your say in what's going on on this program.
Starting off with Break Man tonight.
Obviously, the chatters are making their own little jokes about this being episode 420.
And Break Man says, most podcasts don't last this many episodes.
You know, not to sound cocky, but you're right. A lot don't.
I mean, granted, this show's been around since before podcasting was, so I think that's kind of how we were able to get the jump on that because we were a live3cc5.com show for a little while.
Starting in 2002.
But there are some daily shows. The shows that go daily have the chance to get there.
I mean, you can get a daily show up to 420 episodes in a couple years.
So, you know, there's definitely some that have made it there.
And, hey, any show that can get past, like, 50 is a great accomplishment, if you ask me.
It takes dedication to get that far daily, weekly, no matter what you are.
So, yeah, but we're happy to be here.
And thank you guys for joining us in chat every week, as you always do, whether you're high or not, to be listening to this program.
Thank you guys for always supporting us.
It's a wonderful, wonderful feeling.
I'm still having some warm fuzzies coming off of Under Sedation Live, which is another program here at All Games Radio on Saturday nights.
I was a guest on their 10th anniversary special, which aired last night.
And for those that don't know, that was a show I was on before Orange Lounge Radio.
Dark Sakura was a guest many, many times. You can go back and check out the archives of that show over at their website.
And, yeah, it was a lot of fun to just, you know, sit in on that just like good times.
And some folks that were listening to it said, you don't really sound like the same guy on that program.
Well, you know, it's a different show.
I'm very laid back on Under Sedation Live because I'm not in the driver's seat, so to speak.
I can just sit there and be a jackass.
Kind of what Loki does on this program. I'm just kidding.
No, that's correct.
Alright. Anyhow, let's move on.
Enough about talking about podcasts and podcasting.
Let's talk about video games and the types of games you've been playing this week.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
I played well, but really only to do my dailies.
Two more days and I'll be in another 150 Marks of the Damn World tree.
This is the whole new Fire Land patch they put in that gave some good single player content.
One item level away from being able to do Fire Lands.
So, hopefully I can get one more good purple item and I'll be there.
I also played a lot of Peggle on my iPhone.
Just out of pure boredom in that and every so often when I need something brainless to do, I play Peggle.
I also... God, what was it? I was playing on Steam.
I was playing actually some more Droplets.
Because it's, again, another thing that I can kind of not really think about while I play.
And I'm not really all that great at it anyway, but it's kind of fun.
And then I played...
Crap, what else was it that I was playing?
Oh yeah, we had some Initial D going on because we have Extreme Stage.
And, which is funny to watch Dan play.
What's the deal with Extreme Stage?
It's the new PS3 one.
The thing about those Japanese racing games is that there's always some little subtitle to it.
And I'm like, well, what's new about this one?
It's just another racing game with techno music.
We have the second stage game that was on PlayStation 2.
And we have this one for PS3.
And the PS2 one is better.
It has a lot more music.
I mean, this one's got, I think, some harder tracks in it and it's prettier.
But I honestly think, play-wise, that second stage was better.
But Dan managed to get it really cheap from one of the PlayStation, the best, greatest hits, whatever.
So are those Initial D games on PS3 kind of faithful to the arcade?
Yeah, it's exactly like the one we have at Golf Land.
Do you have to know a lot of Japanese to play those games?
Yes.
Damn.
However...
Because I'm not very good.
Are there translations on game FAQs?
Yes.
Dan has an FAQ and he even has the whole story mode translated and everything.
Oh nice, okay.
But when he got it, he didn't have any of that.
And thankfully, I could read just enough of it.
Right.
That I could say, okay, this one means you want to replay.
Yeah, but you had a couple years of Japanese in college, right?
Yeah.
I had just enough.
Like, I read a retarded five-year-old in Japanese.
So I had just enough in me that I could say, okay, that's what that says, that's what that says.
And then we sort of figured out, because I could read half of some of the kanji in the tracks.
So I was like, okay, that one's Irohazaka, that one's, you know, Akina, that one, so...
I gotta say this in our chatroom at chat.orangelandraday.com.
We've got Dark Tetsuya's in there saying, Rob, you mean Eurobeat?
Because I called it techno.
And yeah, the thing about Initial D especially is it has a very unique style of music that plays in the background.
If you've never heard Initial D music before, it sounds something like this.
You know there is such a thing as that.
Doesn't that make you want to run over people?
You've been in the car with me, driving to LA, listening to...
While you're going 105 miles an hour and it's frightening.
In my Lancer. In my old Lancer.
Well, now we had Dan driving and guess what he wanted to listen to?
Eurobeat.
There is something about Eurobeat that makes you go faster.
But, you know, they also, you can do Para Para to stuff other than Eurobeat.
There's Tech Para.
Really?
Yeah.
But actually the whole Eurobeat thing is really, I think, making a huge, huge comeback too.
I want to see emo Para.
Emo Para?
That's goth dancing.
Exactly, but Para.
Now see, I'm a little partial to the music in Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune.
Oh hell yeah.
Because it's not really Eurobeat.
It's more like just, I don't know, techno...
It's racing music.
It just makes me want to drive fast.
Listen to this.
Trance?
You know what my song in that game is?
Yeah, kind of Trance.
Was it Destination Blackout?
Or that's another Para Para song.
I don't know.
Then of course there's F-Zero music.
Oh god.
Yeah.
God, I miss F-Zero so much.
Nintendo, why do you hate me?
Well, I have just loaded you up with old school Bimani Rob.
Sweet.
Including some Para Para.
And Papa Music.
I'll be skipping that folder.
No, I've put in like a few songs, but I'll also give you some Papa Music stuff.
So you can get your Dez Row on.
I never got into the Papa Music soundtracks.
It's fun to drive to Dez Row.
I'll take your word for it.
Alright, any other games you've been playing this week?
I've been playing...
Apparently I've been playing Kick Dan and Asleep.
How do you earn points in that game?
Whoever wakes up with the most bruises, I don't know.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Oh, and I swam.
I went outside.
That's not a game, Loki.
Yeah, especially going outside.
That's definitely not a game.
I played just basically two things.
Grand Theft Auto.
You know, typical stuff.
Still playing through ranked deathmatches.
And the Balagate Tony.
And kind of getting back in the groove of that.
And that didn't take me long.
And I've already got all my coworkers very frustrated at me.
And then I of course played a little bit of Earth Defense Horse Insect Armageddon.
Because it's just awesome.
Still kind of grinding my way through that.
How long is that game?
Can you beat it in a few hours?
It's not very long.
It's a lot less missions than the first game.
The first game had these really stupid missions that kind of repeated themselves almost.
They had like 70 missions.
This one has 15.
But each mission is much longer.
I don't remember how long it took me to beat it, but it wasn't that long.
You could probably beat it in 10 hours.
Actually not even 10 hours. Probably a lot less than that.
Alright.
Holy crap. Guess what folder I just found.
Oh god.
All of Loki's old mixes.
Oh, all the remixes he used to do.
He hasn't made a mix in years.
Anyway, we don't want to deviate too much from games right now.
Sorry.
No, that's alright.
And then, yeah.
So that's basically, I was just playing those.
Sweet.
My gaming week.
Let's see, games I've been playing this week.
I'm still playing Final Fantasy 13, making my way through that.
I finally beat Chapter 11, which I find is the point where most people say,
This game is awesome.
Or a lot of my friends kind of got to Chapter 11 and they're like,
This game opened up way too much and now some of the monsters can actually kill me.
I quit.
But I found Chapter 11 to be great.
And the trick is, folks, if you're stuck on Chapter 11, don't feel like it's like the rest of the game
where you have to fight every monster you come in contact with.
In fact, many are better left avoided until you way level up your characters.
A lot of those Seath side quests that you can do, you really shouldn't do until towards the end of the game.
It's kind of comparable to Emerald Weapon from Final Fantasy 7.
You really weren't supposed to do that until after the end.
So there's, you know, you don't have to feel like you do everything right away.
You can do that after the end too.
Yeah, yeah.
Now I'm 13 from what I understand is the same way even though I haven't beat it yet.
So I did finally play through, after doing about 15 of those side quests,
I did, actually it was more like, God, after climbing the tower, it was probably more like 30 of those side quests.
I finally climbed the tower, got to the end of Chapter 11 and started Chapter 12
and I've got to say, oh my God, that was a badass cinematic that kicked off Chapter 12.
I don't want to spoil too much of the story, but you'll figure out pretty quickly who the Eidolons are.
They're like the Summons.
They are all involved in the opening, like imagine Summons mixed with the scene out of Tron Legacy.
That was the opening to Chapter 12 and like it was so hot, like I just, I had to fan myself after it was over.
I think I've been, I've gotten to that point, but I don't remember.
It was, it's really far in, you would remember.
It was, it was an amazing cutscene.
So yeah, now I'm at that point and trying to...
Is that before the game? Okay, that's after...
That's way after it opens up.
You have to really, Chapter 11 will take you like as long as like five chapters did from the...
Yeah, maybe, because I was wasting my time just doing all the side quests because I can.
So, yeah, so that was, that was, you know, Final Fantasy 13.
I probably poured like 40 hours into that now.
Talking about that game, even though it's like a year and a half old for like the past four weeks.
But, understand, I, you know, can only put so many hours in in a week and I just recently picked it back up again.
But I'm hoping in the next couple weeks I'll have it beat.
Other video games I've been playing, on Steam I played Beat Hazard.
Which I, for some reason, just can't get enough of that game.
Like, it's great. Like, it's a cool little...
I talked about it last week on the show, but again, it's, you can use your own music and it's Geometry Wars-esque.
But it's a great little, like, kind of like how Dark Sakura was talking about Peggle.
It's a great little game that you can play in three or five minute doses because that's how long the music in your library is.
And it's kind of fun to play to a new song going, I wonder how this song is going to play.
And again, I love how you can buy these perks as you level up that make you want to go back and play the old songs again.
Because you can get a higher score and work towards a cumulative leaderboard.
Lots of great stuff in that game. I'm, I'm liking Beat Hazard quite a bit.
And then, let's see, other Steam games I've been playing, not a whole lot.
I never did get around to Terraria. I've got to play that in the next week, the one that Dark Sakura was talking about last week.
I have a copy. Haven't played it yet.
I was playing on the 360, a couple new games that I picked up.
Best Buy was having a buy one, get one sale on Kinect games.
So I got a late birthday present from Salacious Pop of Child of Eden.
Finally got to play that game.
And Your Self Fitness, I think, is that the Ubisoft Fitness game?
Your Self Fitness? That's what it's called, right?
The most well received of the Kinect fitness games is the one we got.
Starting with Child of Eden, I played it for a little bit with Kinect.
And it was a very interesting experience.
I thought the Kinect sensitivity was good. It felt really good, like, as I was playing it.
But the one thing I didn't like was how you get a multiplier by firing on the beat of the music.
That's part of how, like, the music comes into play.
If you fire on the beat of the music, you kind of increase your multiplier.
Well, the way you fire in that mode is you kind of have to push your hand forward,
or you have to kind of, I guess, flick your hand.
Like, that's how it reads a firing.
And I don't find that to be very precise.
And when you're talking about music games, I really need precision.
And that was really weird to me.
And I found myself really just flinging my hand forward,
which really caused my hand to hurt after a little bit.
So that could be my own bad, but the game also didn't explain it to me very well,
how I could really make sure I register that on the beat.
Now, the good thing is you can play with Kinect or controller.
So after, like, playing it, you know, a little bit with Kinect,
I switched to the controller and played through a couple stages.
And I like the controller responsiveness quite a bit more.
And the game itself, it's basically Rez, but I'm going to admit,
I didn't like the music quite as much.
I like that there's more elements to the game,
and I think the game is very great-looking graphically.
Like, when I talk about more elements, I like that there's, like, a second gun
that you use to use, like, one gun to shoot down bullets.
Like, a rapid-fire machine gun type thing.
And then you use another to lock onto targets, just like you did in Rez.
So it's a neat little interface, and it's a step up from Rez,
but unfortunately the music wasn't a step up from Rez for me.
And maybe that's just personal preference,
but when the music is the core thing in the game,
I have to admit that was a little bit disappointing.
But granted, I've only played a couple stages,
so I will beat the game and let you know if I ever find that stage
that has a song where I'm like, OMG, I loved it.
Yeah, otherwise, I think as a Kinect game, it's certainly a lot of fun,
and I think as one I would show people.
But yeah, that sensitivity, music, firing mechanism thing,
I would love if there was, like, a clicker or something I could hold in my hand
while I'm doing it to allow something tangible that's more precise.
But I don't really know how you would do that,
and it kind of takes away from what the Kinect is all about.
But like, you know how when you're using the Wiimote,
you at least still have a button in your hand?
Like, I hate to say it, but I almost think this game might be a little better
with the Wii controls.
Yikes. I don't know.
So that was just my thoughts on it.
So then you would probably want to play the PlayStation 3 version
with the Move controls.
Yeah, actually. I think the Move might actually be better for this.
But again, I am very much about I need the precision with the music game,
and I don't feel like moving my hand forward or flicking my hand,
especially when the Kinect is not a perfect system.
If you're not playing it in the perfect environment,
it doesn't recognize you always.
And that was some of the problems I had with the other game I played,
your self-fitness.
But it may work better, though, now with that new accessory that's coming out,
the Kinect Zoom thing from Nyko.
That might be a little bit better.
That might be better.
Again, at least the Kinect is better than the iToy was.
The iToy, my God, that technology never worked right.
But I feel Kinect is still a step above, but it's got a long way to go.
The technology isn't perfect.
But these games are still pretty early.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchy.com, Zether says,
I heard The Child of Eden didn't sell good.
Yeah, apparently it only sold about 30-some-odd thousand copies,
which didn't really even put it in the top 20 of games that were sold last month.
I don't know, maybe Loki knows more about what sales ultimately mean and so forth.
But I honestly think what probably scared a lot of people off were these reviews talking about,
it's a 90-minute game, and you're paying $60 for it.
I'm hoping that this game will sell much more when it gets discounted,
because I think it's one of the better Kinect games.
It's just a niche game.
I mean, Rez and stuff, that was a niche game.
And unfortunately, it's a niche that we like, but it's a niche game.
And that's the problem.
I mean, it's just like Earth Defense Force.
Earth Defense Force didn't sell that great either.
But if The Child of Eden had Britney Spears music in it, it would have sold ten times as many copies, right?
It would have been stupid though.
Actually, no, I don't think it would have sold ten times as many copies.
I think still people wouldn't give it a chance.
And even less copies would have been sold, because people would have been like,
you know, like us, I'm not touching that shit.
What the hell is this?
But yeah, Earth Defense Force, it sold, I think they estimated like 95,
well, like 65,000 to like 90,000 copies worldwide, which is fine,
because the launch quantities of that were only about 200,000 per platform.
So they're not expecting to sell much.
They know, you know, going into it, what they're expecting to get out of it.
And a game like Child of Eden, I don't think, development-wise,
it didn't cost as much money to put it together as, say, like, you know, a Modern Warfare game or something like that,
where you have to sell a lot more to make up the money.
I mean, I don't think that they had really huge expectations for it.
Yeah, true, true. That's a good point.
So, I'll quickly talk about the fitness game I played.
Your Shape Fitness, your Cell Fitness, I don't know, one of those fitness games.
The one from Ubisoft.
I really liked the idea of the whole tailored custom-to-you individual workout thing.
I liked that.
But I didn't like how the Kinect, again, doesn't really recognize you 100% of what you're doing,
because this game grades you pretty rigidly on the exercises you're doing.
And, you know, if you're not like perfect within the box that it has,
and your arms go way too out, like you don't get credit for stuff,
and it can be very frustrating, especially when the exercises are kind of kicking your butt a little bit.
You know, it was having me do these squats.
And the other thing I'm going to actually say I thought was terrible about this,
I truly think it was a bad decision to do this in a fitness game,
is when it was doing the calibration stages and having me warm up,
it did not start with a stretch activity.
And I think that is a very poor thing to do in a fitness game.
Actually, you want to warm up before you stretch.
Really?
Yes. Actually, yes.
Because you have to warm up the muscles before you stretch,
or else you run a risk of pulling a muscle.
I think if you saw what this game was doing, though,
some of the high-intensity exercises it was doing,
it's one thing to put a little flash card up on the screen saying,
you should stretch before using this device.
I honestly think a smarter little thing would have said,
okay, let's do some swaying in place, a little jogging,
now we're going to stretch,
now we're going to have you do the intensive squats and so forth.
Do they have a stretching portion at all?
Not that I ran into, but keep in mind,
this game kind of kicked my butt before I got very far into it.
I'd like to see it.
I've been sore in my legs for four days since playing,
and it's because stupid me didn't stretch beforehand.
And I was a little bit upset that the game should have,
I mean, I should have known better, yes.
I'm not going to totally blame the game,
but I just think it was a bad idea to not encourage me more,
remind me, hey, stupid, before you can stretch.
Well, not everyone knows that you need to stretch beforehand.
And I didn't think it was going to throw me so far into it
with the calibration where I'm doing some squatting
and things that are going to hurt my legs before telling me,
hey, maybe we should do some yoga first.
Well, just like every fitness class that I've ever gone to,
you start off with a warm-up,
you do light stretching, then you do your exercise,
then you do full stretching when you're done.
Because by then, your muscles are already warmed up and limber,
and that's when you need to stretch so that you don't,
so that when your muscles cool down,
they've stretched out and they won't cramp.
And again, I want to clarify before,
because this might show up later in the game,
so I want to be very careful in what I'm saying.
I was going through an initial setup calibration mode,
but it was having you do exercises as part of the calibration,
like a full routine type of thing,
and it did not have me stretch beforehand,
nor did no reminder come up at any point.
And maybe after the calibration,
when you get into the actual daily stuff,
you'll see more of that, but I'm not going to,
if I didn't see it beforehand, I'm a little worried.
So I have to razz the game on that,
and if you are going to play one of these games,
make sure you stretch at some point.
I guess if dark soccer brings up a point,
do a few runs, do a few dance moves or whatever,
then stretch, then play.
Because it makes all the difference with how well
you can keep up with the exercises too,
if you've given your chance to warm up and then stretch.
I like this comment from Kaijuto in our chat room,
chat.orangelandsready.com.
You do the stretch when you try to get the game out of the shrink wrap.
That's true. Some of those shrink wraps are pretty terrible,
but my arms don't hurt. It's my legs.
I'm telling you guys for real.
And it's sad, okay, I'm a teacher, right?
Not a kid teacher, but an adult teacher.
I teach in a corporate environment.
But I use classrooms full of computers,
and I walk around and look at adults on their systems all day long,
making sure they're following with me and so forth.
So I have to walk around the room.
The day after I did this Connect exercise,
I couldn't walk as much.
And I'm having to explain to my class,
yeah, sorry guys, I was playing Connect yesterday,
and those things are pretty rough.
How embarrassing is that?
Fool, you should have known to stretch.
You know, it used to happen to me when I would go play DDR on my lunch break.
And I'd come back, my knees hurt.
And like I had to, walking upstairs was not a problem.
Walking downstairs, oh my gosh,
I felt like a little old lady clutching to that railing.
I should have used the elevator.
It's like you're doing squats all over again.
It's easier to lift it than to drop to it.
It's traumatic.
But I'm not going to give up,
and I'm not going to say a lot of negative things about the game
because of that one thing.
You know, I'll know next time to stretch,
but I really think the game should have incorporated it better.
If I missed it, and I consider myself a pretty smart individual,
if I missed it, who knows who else is missing this and hurting themselves.
Hmm.
Thought?
No, not about that.
Oh, okay.
It's actually something that came up in my video game week
that I didn't get to play because of a certain something.
Uh, sure.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. It just occurred to me.
That's okay. That was the last game I wanted to talk about anyway.
The arcade that had Para Para Paradise is out of business.
Hmm.
The Arcadia Bunning Games or whatever it's called,
the kind of crappy ghetto.
Oh, the little crappy, yeah.
But they had a Para Para machine.
I'm not surprised they had it all. They went out of business.
They're gone.
It really was a matter of time.
I wanted to go play Para Para because I don't have Dance Masters.
Their location really was never that good.
But we should buy that place and open up the actual Orange Lounge arcade in batting cages.
That would be great.
See, I bet it's dirt cheap.
All right. Anyhow, go into our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeready.com.
Derek H. is in our chatroom saying,
Rob is correct. Even Carmen Electra's aerobic striptease workout DVDs have an extensive stretching section.
See?
And even if your pole dancing classes tell you,
and I don't know why Derek H. knows so much about pole dancing classes,
but I'll just assume he does,
even if they're getting you to stretch,
you know that these games need to make sure they are incorporating that into their customized workouts.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
That's it for our gaming weeks.
Quickly, housekeeping.
Make sure you follow us on all those great websites around the interwebs.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R or Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
They kick businesses off of Google Plus right now, so we are not on Google Plus.
You can follow one of us, this individual, or actually, Loki.
Loki refuses to make the switch to Plus, right?
I'm not going to get Plus. Screw that.
Well, I'm on there, and so is Dark Sakura, so you can follow us.
I have a circle for O-L-R people, so it works.
And occasionally, I'll post O-L-R related things.
But also, I want to plug our website.
Had some very minor changes to it this week just in graphics with some of the quick links to some things.
We now have a link to the Tumblr.
Orange Lounge Radio has an official Tumblr account for you hipster people that like to tumble.
We have that, and we incorporated the Ustream in there.
Even though we haven't been using it that much after the E3, you never know when we might go back to that at some point.
So I want to make sure people would follow us on there if they wanted to.
So check that out. OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
All right, enough housekeeping. Let's get to video game news.
Loki starts off tonight.
We're starting off with a comment from one of the Sony Network Entertainment execs, the president Tim Schafe,
who spoke at GamesBeat 2011 about the PlayStation Network downtime.
And he said, Sony is very pleasantly surprised by the experience.
The customers have all come back, and the network performance is better than ever.
Sales are better than ever.
So just goes to show you, all those people are like, you know, they're done for.
They ended up selling a lot more because of this.
And then it says, of course, the downtime costs Sony approximately $171 million.
You know, they would not like to do it again, obviously.
They said one time was enough, but it was a great learning experience. We agree.
That was a very interesting choice of words.
It was a learning experience, but once is enough.
That isn't the most politically correct statement.
He had to explain a little bit, because the first quote was, it was a great experience.
No, that's not exactly how you would describe that.
A humbling experience might be a little bit better.
I'm just saying, do you know how many times in my day-to-day job I use a phrase like that?
You know, because people make mistakes all the time.
And you know, it's frustrating to make mistakes.
You want to, especially when you're at your job, you want to do the best job you possibly can.
But a lot of times people make mistakes.
It's just, it's a learning experience.
We just, we have to learn from it.
And we make mistakes in here. It's okay.
This is very funny to hear Sony kind of use that same.
This was a learning experience.
But they are planning to invest some money to make sure that the PlayStation Network is secure.
They're committing 20 million dollars.
And they're also seeking out independent developers to create games like, you know,
Pixel Junk, Side Scroller, and Papoyo, Boku stuff.
They're also saying that they're going to be, you know,
doing this pub fun to bring innovative, different, unique gameplay to the PlayStation Network.
So they're kind of trying to beef up their content on there,
because it could use a little bit of beefing up.
So that's kind of cool.
Yeah, I'm glad they're kind of bringing in all that extra support.
Also, I think all this talk about how Google was going to go under, or I'm sorry, not Google, excuse me.
I'm still thinking about Plus and all that.
But how PlayStation was going to go under and all that after the hacking and all that.
It seems to be a distant memory at this point.
I'm looking at a comment in our chat room from Blender says,
Uncharted 3 Beta had 1.53 million players, by the way.
And I do remember reading about that on the internet earlier this week.
And I think a story had said it's the biggest PlayStation Beta that's ever happened.
So it certainly gives the impression that people have pretty much forgiven Sony,
and we've all moved on with our lives, and we're back on PlayStation Network.
But there's also, I guess, that sense of fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
If something bad happens again, I think you'll see a lot of people really mean it this time and leave.
Of course, it also helps that it's Uncharted 3. It's a huge game.
So of course, it's going to be one of their largest Betas they've ever had.
So there you go.
All right, moving on to some more stories about PlayStation.
This also kind of directly relates to the hack, you know, now that we're about, what, a month afterwards here.
Apparently, this is from Capcom, which is interesting.
This is from the Capcom Europe head David Reeves was quoted saying this.
We have seen on PlayStation Network, and probably Sony are in a better place to tell you this,
that there is a resurgence in people buying the generic PSN cards in retail stores
rather than putting up their credit card details.
I think in the future, they will make more non-generic cards, like game-branded ones,
such as Street Fighter or FIFA, or even Modern Warfare.
But the generic ones have done well.
People are playing it a bit safe at the moment because the hackers will be back.
That's my personal opinion. I mean, they will, right?
I don't know if that's really the best thing to be saying there, but...
Oh, shut up, Capcom.
You know, we see that they're buying more generic cards.
Yeah, hopefully they're not buying your games with your crappy DRM shit.
Oh, your games didn't work during the whole PlayStation Network outage,
or at least your two PlayStation Network games.
Those are awfully pretty good spirits to be in
when you consider they missed out on all those weeks of sales, you know?
I'm kind of surprised it wasn't...
I mean, granted, that might be one quote out of a much larger interview, but still.
It's because they need them more than Sony needs them, you know?
Because if they stop supporting Sony, then their sales kind of get cut in about half.
Whereas if Sony loses them, there's plenty of other developers out there
and plenty of other publishers that put content on their system.
Well, have you used your credit card to buy stuff on PlayStation Network at all?
Either of you?
We did.
That was just from Moondiver.
Have you gone back after the hack?
We haven't really wanted anything else, but Dan got the freebies.
Yeah, I got the freebies. I don't know if I bought anything on PSN.
I try not to buy anything on there, not because I'm afraid of my credit card information being hacked,
but because I don't want to spend money on their network.
And that goes for Microsoft, too.
I don't really want to buy anything, because I got into the habit where,
oh, I got to buy all the Xbox Live Arcade games, and I did that for a while.
How many of them do I play now?
None of them.
So the last thing I bought on there, I think, was the Pirates of the Caribbean expansion for LittleBigPlanet.
And that was the last thing that I purchased on there.
And honestly, I don't see myself really purchasing anything else for there.
You never know. I don't know.
If I'm going to purchase download content for something, most of the time I'm gaming on my 360 anyway.
I don't think I've bought anything since the hack happened,
but I will say that Salacious Pop is strongly encouraging me to get the arcade Super Street Fighter
Arcade Edition expansion there on PlayStation Network, because that's where we own Super Street Fighter IV.
So I may have to buy something in the near future. We'll see.
Alright, let's move on with more gaming news.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Well, I have some Ubisoft news.
They have confirmed that there is going to be an online pass to be used for its games.
It's called the Uplay Passport.
It's $9.99, basically $10, for access to the online features of many of their core games when bought second hand.
So if you bought the game, you have a registration code that comes in it, and it has exclusive bonus content and whatnot.
But the first game that's going to be using this is Driver San Francisco.
No UK price yet.
Alright, well, Loki, aren't you excited to hear about this?
You know, it's just another company jumping on this horrible bandwagon, and I don't see the point.
And I was trying to find, there was another article that actually had their press release for that in there,
and I really want to find that so that I can, oh here we go, so they can read you their PR spin on this, and it's just ridiculous.
It's what gamers want. Gamers want that premium experience that their $10 goes to help.
Uh, let's see, I'm trying to find, god I really wish I had it.
Basically, they spun it as, it allows us, you know, extra content like online multiplayer and stuff like that.
I'm sorry, if I'm buying a game that has online multiplayer in it, and that does, because it does brand new, so therefore it should, you know, use,
I don't understand why I should have to pay extra if I'm buying used.
Now I've heard people make, and I gotta say the most ridiculous and stupid comment saying,
oh well you know, they've gotta pay for their servers, and you know, if you buy used, the game publisher doesn't, or the game developer doesn't get any money.
Let me correct you on a few things right here, okay, it's hilarious how stupid a comment that is.
One, all used games start off as new at some point, so they've made their money for that game to fund that online network.
I have to be devil's advocate and give you the counterpoint, but if the game wasn't being sold used, then that would force someone to buy it new.
Not necessarily, because some people might not buy it, they may just skip it altogether.
And whereas if you got a used sale, you may have the chance that other people might enjoy that game, and they may later on decide,
hey you know what, I'm gonna go pick up, you know, later, you know, more games from this developer or whatnot.
And, on top of all that, you're saying, you know, people say that the developer doesn't get money for used sales.
Well, it doesn't matter, because the developer already got paid when the game got pressed.
Okay, yeah, they get some kickbacks for sales and stuff like that, but you know what, it's not, you know, it doesn't matter if they sell them in the stores.
They've already sold them to those stores, they've already made their money.
You know, they could sell, you know, 100,000 copies and they could be all sitting on, you know, store shelves.
It doesn't fucking matter, because the publisher and developer got paid.
Going to our chatroom for some comments, chat.orangesonshady.com.
Sterlok says, cool, more games I'm not buying.
Dartetsuya says, they fuck us over and for whatever reason, people still step up to defend them.
Okay, well, I'm not necessarily defending this here, but I have to, well, yes and no, because I have to be honest.
A lot of this news story I just kind of roll my eyes at and I'm like, I don't care, because I really do buy most of my stuff new.
Like, either I'm gonna buy it new, or I'm gonna get it on one of those rental accounts.
And there are very few games that I would play online that I wouldn't just buy new.
Most games I want to play online with friends, I'm excited about and I want to buy them right away.
But you're not seeing the writing on the wall, Rob.
You see, if you give them an inch, they're gonna take a mile.
If you start thinking that this is an okay thing for them to do, then everybody jumps on board and they start doing this for multiplayer.
Then you know what? Then they start going, hey, you know, we're noticing that it seems that our used game sales or whatever, our new sales, aren't really being impacted enough.
We need to make sure that this is really something that people are gonna want to buy new by adding more content for this pass or whatever.
So they're gonna start taking more stuff out of the single player games and they're gonna start dipping into other things that would have normally been free download content or something like that.
Just because people are okay with it and people are supporting them and actually defending them in this process.
So that's the point. You gotta stop it now.
You can't wait until later on when they're like, oh, well, it doesn't matter because I buy a lot of games new.
Yeah, until they start saying, oh, hey, you know what? We can make a lot more money by charging for online multiplayer by having it download content or something.
I will say it does piss me off. And this is interesting because I do kind of have different opinions depending on what system it is.
I kind of think the PlayStation 3 has a little more room to get away with what they're doing here than Xbox Live does.
As far as I'm concerned, every game should be fucking playable online because I pay that fee for Xbox Live every year. Period.
And when there does come a day, and you're right, maybe I shouldn't wait for it.
But I will tell you when that day doesn't ever become that maybe there is a game I want to play online that's subject to this project $10 thing on Xbox Live.
I'm going to be irate, and I refuse to support it on Xbox.
And I will take Microsoft to task for that because Microsoft's allowing it to happen by selling it on their store.
And I'm sorry, that's double dipping. You're charging me twice for the same thing, and that is to play my game online.
So I honestly think the company that needs to put their foot down is Microsoft.
Sony, they're providing a free service. It's harder to get mad at them on that side.
Because you aren't paying for online over there. The whole infrastructure is free.
And to say that to charge $10 for maintenance, you can get away with that a lot more on that end than you can on Microsoft's end.
I'm already paying for maintenance. I don't give a fuck if you said that, well, you're going to let servers or companies run their own servers like EA
because otherwise they're not going to host games on Xbox Live.
That's your fucking problem, and that's for you guys to work out.
Moment I get double dipped for online charges, I am out.
Sony Fanboy 4 life, you all.
For the record, just because easily wanted to hear it?
Sure.
Objection!
Well, I mean, it's like I've said before, and you know, no one seemed to care then, and it's happening more now.
And yeah, it doesn't really bother me too much because I don't buy Wii games, but there's a lot of Wii games out there nowadays that, you know,
maybe music games, maybe, you know, I don't know, just some other type of game, but where they're charging $60 for it.
No one said anything, so you know what, this is something that's now commonly happening.
Like for example, and I mean, this is definitely not a game I'm buying, but you know, like that Spyro fucking game that's coming out.
The new Spyro Skylanders Adventurer bullshit thing that they're selling some stupid, I don't even know what the hell it is,
piece of plastic that you gotta put little figurines on to play as those characters in the game.
It's basically like physical download content.
They're charging $80 for this fucking game, so that's gonna be fail right there.
And on top of all that, they're gonna sell additional characters for like three bucks each.
Like stupid little toys, and they're hoping that people get suckered into this because zuzu pets and these squinkies bullshit toys that kids like nowadays.
I don't even know what, I've never fucking heard of a zuzu in my life.
A zuzu pet, it was like a couple Christmases ago, it was like the hottest toy ever, it's a stupid toy hamster that moves around.
Oh, those horrid things and whatever.
Yes, I know. Listen, kids are starting out stupid early on, okay, and they just become stupid adults. I know.
I hope Richard Gere doesn't own a zuzu.
Yeah, so it's just dumb, and they're trying all these different tactics to get money for things they really shouldn't be getting money for.
Developers getting money for used games, fuck it, you shouldn't get money for used games.
That's it. It's a market, it's just a market that was created by people, and it doesn't even have to be necessarily that.
Let's say, for example, Rob, I loan you a copy of my game, and you want to play it online. You can't, you have to pay $10 now.
Why? Oh, because it's someone else accessing their network.
And I've already paid for that on Xbox Live.
Yes.
They just use the more subscription model based thing, but I'm telling you, I've been an Xbox Live member for like six, seven years.
If they allow this shit to continue, I'm out. You know what I mean? There will come a point, probably, where there's a game I'm going to want to play online.
I'm going to be pissed that I'm double-dipping, and I'm canceling Xbox Live when that happens.
If Sony's doing it, if Ubisoft's doing it, EA's doing it, THQ's doing it, Warner Games is doing it, it's not going to be long before everybody jumps on board with this, and hopefully not Microsoft.
Interesting comment from Rom—well, okay. If Microsoft did it, now, they need to be called out if that happens, because—oh my god.
All right, anyway.
Raman, our chat room at chat.ornisontree.com.
You know, if you're patient enough, you can buy the games as new when the price drops.
Not that serious to get the game on day one.
I'd rather wait a few weeks for the game to drop to $30, $40 new than wait a week and buy it used for $45, $50.
You know, that's a damn good point. You know, why not just kind of wait for it to drop the price new, and then really it's no better than buying it used, right?
Or, it is better, because you're not having to get subject to this whole $10 thing, right?
That is technically a way to get it cheaper, but people want their games right away.
But, you know, the way I look at it is, if you're buying it used anyways, you're probably not getting it day one anyways.
So just wait even longer. In a game like Driver, I mean, let's look at Driver.
I mean, the pedigree of Driver hasn't been that great.
The first one was great, the second one was all right, the third one was terrible, and the fourth one, eh, kind of terrible as well.
So, the fifth one, eh, I wouldn't be surprised if it's terrible.
And it's definitely not a game I'd be playing online anyways.
All right, let's move on with some other topics here before we make Loki's head explode.
This is hilarious. Now, the PlayStation Vita, last thing I thought it would probably be getting would be Final Fantasy XI,
but apparently Square Enix is actually looking at maybe porting Final Fantasy XI to the PlayStation Vita.
No mention of Final Fantasy XIV. That just doesn't exist.
But Final Fantasy XI, their only online game in the Final Fantasy series, will be possibly ported to the PlayStation Vita.
Their only online game?
In the Final Fantasy series.
What? Did they just totally forget about Final Fantasy XIV?
No, no, no, that's my comments.
Oh, I see, I see. Okay.
XIV doesn't exist. No, it's just, it's kind of interesting though if they did that,
but I think it'd be kind of cool, because think about it, you know, MMOs haven't really come to handhelds, so...
Yeah, not that I can think of. Or maybe Phantasy Star.
Phantasy Star, maybe.
Well, actually, but the Phantasy Star portable games were, contained little single player games.
They were like, they were a lot like Universe's single player mode.
So, yeah, I'd like that. I'd welcome that, actually.
I hear Final Fantasy XI's made, it's still going, it's still improving.
They did graphical improvements.
If you're a PC player, you got some new graphic textures this last go around, so I think that's, I think that's kind of rad.
I don't think it's really possible to put XIV on a portable platform, because despite the fact that everybody criticizes it for being poop,
it was a really good looking game, and the Vita probably just doesn't possess the power graphically to pull it off.
But, you know, XI was a game that was made for the PS2, and that's the biggest drawback to XI,
is that everything they do on XI still has to support the PlayStation 2,
because a lot of folks in Japan, that's how they adopted it, was on the PS2.
So, until there comes a day where they say, well, we no longer are going to support the old platform,
so I just don't see them being able to do that.
I think that's what XIV was trying to do, but failed miserably because they didn't make the, they tried to change the core game,
and they took out the goddamn auction houses, which every MMO like, needs, so I don't, oh my god.
And they kept the same races, but changed the names, that's just stupid.
Yeah, so anyway, I think it's a neat idea to have, especially considering the Vitas are supposed to have 3G in them and everything,
like, I think that's kind of a cool use.
I would be curious what other types of MMOs come out of this, maybe not just ports of old stuff, but some new ideas,
especially because, isn't part of the whole Vitas thing supposed to be finding gamers around you?
Well, yeah, you've got, you know, GPS built into them, and, you know, all the different little services that they have and stuff.
Can you imagine an MMO where you would actually have to, like, be within so many feet of a person in order to fight them?
Like, so you encounter people IRL? Like, I don't know, like, I just, there's got to be great ways to integrate-
It sounds like a bad, bad, like, Pokemon-
I know, it sounds like a bad, like, molester thing waiting to happen, but I don't know, I just kind of think, like-
If you don't defeat me, I will rape you.
It just, I don't know, it just sounds like a neat thing to kind of integrate the GPS stuff into MMOs somehow, I don't know.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, Spazinator says, Final Fantasy XI would be a system seller.
I used to love it on the PlayStation 2.
Tigerclaw says, MMOs on a PlayStation Vita.
I sense you can do some sort of transferring type of stuff from the PlayStation 3 to the Vita with MMOs.
It's very hard to play Final Fantasy XI on a PlayStation 3.
Like, you could do it, but you have to have the exact right model of PlayStation in order to be able to play it.
I do!
Yeah, I know, you have to have, like, the- and I'm not, like, it's not even just the backward compatible ones, like, there's one that has some type of port that the hard drive attaches to,
because I don't think you can use PlayStation 3's hard drive for 11, can you? I can't remember.
No, you, well, you can't at all, because it's a three and a half drive versus a laptop SATA drive, and it's an old IDE drive.
So you would have to clone, well, I think they had something that you could download off the PlayStation Network that was basically the cloned hard drive information, I think, for the Final Fantasy XI stuff.
This is a curious comment from Spaznator in our chat room.
With Final Fantasy XI being on the Vita, I may reconsider my position on the system.
So it sounds to me like Final Fantasy XI is, like, a must-have game, even though it's an old game, it's kind of like, it's revisiting an old friend, or it's having a port of something on a platform.
Are the Vita launch games really that bad looking so far?
Where it's taking a- how old is Final Fantasy XI? It's about as old as this show, isn't it?
I think it came out in 02 in Japan, right?
Yes.
It's a nine year old game.
Let me put it this way.
Launch titles right now are pretty sparse. They haven't really said what they're launching with yet.
Other than Uncharted, Uncharted is a big title for that.
Of course. Well, there was that neat looking dungeon game with the whole PlayStation 3 integration I thought was neat.
But that's about it. They haven't really said yet what a lot of launch games are going to be. It's still really early, I think.
Right.
Alright, well moving on to other stories about the Vita.
This has to do with a developer comment on PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita.
And it comes from Naughty Dog game director Justin Richman.
Of course Naughty Dog is the group behind Uncharted, as well as classics like Crash Bandicoot.
So they've always been in Sony's camp, obviously.
But saying a pretty big slam that's pro Sony and anti-Nintendo.
In an interview with Now Gamer, Justin Richman said, quote,
To be honest with you, the idea of it is very, very cool, speaking about the Wii U.
But there's nothing that the Wii U has that the Vita and PlayStation 3 doesn't.
You know, it's an interesting piece of technology and I'm interested to see how people use it.
I'm not completely sold yet.
That the screen isn't multi-touch, that's a little weird.
It seems that there are some very strange holes in it.
But to be fair, last time I was skeptical of the original Wii and look at how that did.
I'm sure the games they make for Wii U will be amazing.
Finally, I'm seeing that whole observation in the mainstream media that, hell, not even the Vita.
But the PSP and the PlayStation 3 was kind of capable of that same technology of having a portable screen in your hand.
And he brings up a point, I forgot, the Vita has a touchscreen.
It is going to be just like the Wii U.
If you have, I mean, granted, it'll be between a PlayStation 3 and a Vita way more expensive than a Wii U most likely will be.
But he's got a good point.
Couldn't you have the same game on the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3 that you do on the Wii U?
Could we see ports of games made for the Wii U come out on the PlayStation because it has that same capability?
Well, on top of that, it's got that back touch thing too.
True.
So that could even add another dimension.
You would see it, or you may see it, but there's going to be very few.
I mean, no one's going to expect people to have two, three hundred dollar systems.
Well, yeah, you're right. The ports would be a little weird on the Sony end, but you know...
It'd be like something like, here's some really optional way to play this.
Maybe not like right away, but what about further down the line?
Or what about a game like, I don't know, Arkham Asylum is supposed to be on the Wii U, right?
So...
That's retarded. Oh, yeah. It'll be out on the Wii U a year after it comes out. Awesome!
Well, it'll have some stinkin' bonus feature, something that everybody has to have.
But my curiosity is, couldn't they release a similar game of the year edition, quote unquote,
on the PlayStation 3, that could optionally bring up the Vita to do whatever the Wii U screen is doing?
Yeah, it could, but people would just shrug their shoulders and say,
I'm not buying another fuckin' two hundred ninety-nine dollar system so that I can do this.
True, but I don't know. If it's an optional and not a mandatory enhancement, does that make sense?
It would be like if, you know, Grind Turismo 5 was coming out, say, next year,
and the Vita, you could buy the Vita and use it as a rear view mirror.
Would someone do that? Sure, I'm sure there's someone out there that would do that.
Which is what they had showed off that the PS3 was supposed to do in 2006.
Now, is that necessarily a good use of your two hundred ninety-nine dollars? Probably not.
Alright, well, we'll see what happens when the games get a little closer to coming out for the Wii U,
and when the Vita comes out, exactly what types of technology we see beyond what we've just seen at E3.
Moving on.
Well, there is a dream come true for many, many people in West Virginia.
Well, first of all, I will rewind.
People stop making jokes about West Virginia?
Hi, we're in West Virginia.
Now, Konami is going to have the Childhood Obesity Summit in West Virginia this month,
and then they're going to have a DDR tournament for school-aged children in West Virginia.
I hear that's going to be a cool summit, except there's going to be a lot of fatties.
Stop it.
Sorry.
At any rate, it's going to be held July 27th and 28th in Charleston,
and it will have representatives from the President's Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition,
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Dr. Michael Danziger from The Biggest Loser,
and they will also have the West Virginia University Extension Service
and West Virginia Public Employees Insurance Agency hosting it.
So there will be prizes.
They're mainly scholarships, and they're hoping that they can just get kids more active.
There will also be a technician on hand to maintain the DDR pads as they keep breaking.
What are you talking about? This is DDR.
There will be no technician to, you know, tech those pads.
I think it's a good idea.
I wish they had DDR at my gym.
Anything that gets kids motivated to exercise is a good thing, I think.
You know, we shouldn't be making fun of it.
But it is, you have to admit, the idea of an obesity summit,
doesn't that seem the slightest bit condescending to you?
Well...
Hey, anything that gets more DDR machines out there, I mean, that's all I'm saying.
It's just like the parents telling the kids, you're going to summer camp, yay!
What camp are we going to? Camp Thin and Beautiful.
You know what? I really think that it's a good start.
I think it's a good thing, but really a lot of it is going to start with parental education.
You've got to look at what the influences are on the kid.
Right.
You can buy all the DDR you want, but at the end of the day, it has to be the parent that says,
no, you can't have a donut until you have mowed the lawn, or whatever.
Right, or eat your vegetables first.
Yeah.
You know.
Alright. Well, we'll see what comes of that, and we'll let you know.
We'll let you know how big of a score the winner of the DDR tournament racks up.
I had to, sorry.
Alright, let's travel the world and look at some upcoming release dates and games that are coming out soon.
There's not a whole lot this week.
This week, it's basically Call of Juarez the Cartel on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also, Captain America Super Soldier, that's coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
Wii DS, and actually, that's it.
Then also, the Smurfs, in case you forgot, they have a movie coming out.
There's the Smurfs on the DS.
And because Ubisoft loves their dancing games, Smurfs Dance Party, which I saw a YouTube clip out there
with one of the Smurf songs, Who Let the Smurfs Out?
I wanted to stab a needle into my ear.
It seriously was terrible.
And I also believe that, what was it?
Just Dance Summer Party will be coming out as well on the Wii.
And that's it.
I'm sorry, do you know what I have stuck in my head thanks to the whole talk about going to fat camp
and going to summer camp?
You know what I have stuck in my head now?
Are you going to slit your shorts?
I hope we never part.
That's a great idea for something.
And this has totally made me think of it for some reason.
Wouldn't it be awesome if they had some sort of social network thing where you could basically
create your own TV stations that people can watch?
Actual programming, actual TV syndicated programming that you can basically design the lineup for
and have that play, and people would favor it and stuff.
Doesn't Hulu have a playlist?
It's funny, and it's huge this week too, the big buzz in the industry right now is Spotify,
the new music service from Britain that's coming out over here.
They've rolled it out, it's all invite only and stuff.
I got an invite, thanks to our lovely webmaster Jason,
and he got me an invite to the service.
It kind of looks like iTunes, kind of mixed with Napster.
One of the big things is that you can build playlists and then share them on Facebook,
and anybody can call up your playlist and play the songs,
because it's essentially kind of Napster in that way.
New Napster, not old Napster, but the new one that's subscribed to the service and get everything.
But it's free for right now, it's limited to 10 hours a month or something like that on free,
but it's a good way to get exposed to some new songs.
Kind of what you're describing to me sounds like that with TV,
because you'd be making a television playlist, right?
Sort of. I guess it's sort of like a YouTube playlist or something,
but I was thinking it'd be kind of cool, because I've always thought,
hey, I've got some great ideas for TV stations and stuff as far as,
hey, why don't they have an 80s TV station with 80s programming?
Well, 80s commercials for products.
You could just have the Lysol commercial, whatever, from the 80s,
but it's still advertising products that you have now,
or if people have products out there right now that they want to make an 80s-type commercial for,
that'd be pretty awesome.
Well, apparently there's this, and you know how they used to have the Nickelodeon Game and Sports channel?
I don't think it's around anymore, is it?
It used to show the Legends of the Hidden Temple and Guts and all that stuff.
Well, now there's a TeenNick channel that might have replaced that?
No, it's been around for a while.
Okay, well, I guess TeenNick has a whole now 90s segment coming back,
and they're going to show all the shows from the 90s on this,
so you know I'm going to be camped out in front of TeenNick.
My 33-year-old ass will be camped out in front of TeenNick when they do the marathon for this.
Yes! I totally watched the crap out of that show.
What have any of these people done since it's set for her?
Isn't she on a show on ABC Family with Joey Lawrence or something?
I think.
She's done a few things.
Those poor parents probably don't get recognized for anything else than,
Hey, it's Clarissa's parents!
Anyhow.
True story, did you know that they made a pilot for a CBS TV show that was like Clarissa Grows Up or something like that?
Yes.
That was something about her becoming a journalist.
It really had nothing to do with the old show, but it just was her.
It would have been cool.
Yeah, but it didn't get picked up, so she went to do Sabrina instead.
Now we're talking.
Well, um, you know what?
Okay, there was another show that was on Nickelodeon when I was probably 19?
But it was called, um, what was it called?
It was like some soap opera.
They tried to do, like, the Teenage Soap Opera.
Oh, 14!
No, it wasn't 14.
Or 15.
Yeah, 15 or 17 or something like that.
It was one of those ages.
15, I think, was the show.
Yeah.
And we're all the British programming that they used to have.
I just remember you can't do that on television.
That was the greatest show ever on that network.
The other thing that they did was introduce me to one of my favorite shows of all time.
Shut up, Moose!
The Tomorrow People.
Oh, yeah.
Which actually was a BBC program.
That's what I was talking about.
It was a full serial, and the series had been around since the 70s.
But I loved that damn show, and I watched the entire thing, and I've downloaded it.
Alright, let me move on.
If it was out on DVD, I'd freaking buy it.
Alright, let me move on.
Uh, release dates for Japan.
Did I get from release dates to Clarissa Explains It All?
Yeah, that was my fault.
I don't know.
Welcome to Orange Lawns Radio.
Alright, on the Xbox 360, some games coming out very soon.
Alice Madness returns in Japan, as well as F.E.A.R., F3AR.
Final Fantasy XIII International Edition comes to the Xbox 360 as well.
I'm sorry, that's a price reduction.
Sorry.
We'll only set you back about half as much as it did before.
We're going to the, excuse me, PlayStation 3.
Alice Madness returns there as well, as well as F.E.A.R., and the Final Fantasy XIII Ultimate Hits.
F.E.A.R. is F.E.A.R. 3.
F.E.A.R. 3.
Well, it's F3AR.
It's that whole stylized.
I know.
It's stupid.
Like how Screen 4 had a 4 in there.
Alright, forget it.
Uh, No More Heroes, the Red Zone Edition, also on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan,
and Sniper Ghost Warrior this week as well.
Going to some of the other platforms, seeing what's coming out,
seeing if there's anything in Nintendo's world this week, be it the 3DS or what have you.
Let's see.
Well, the PSP has Grand Theft Auto games, Liberty City Stories, and Vice City Stories getting price reductions in Japan.
Also a game called Sengoku Basara Chronicle Heroes comes out this week in Japan.
That is from Capcom on the PSP, and that is, let's see,
brings back the two-on-two battles and all the famous scenes from the previous six installments.
So I guess this is a long-going series in Japan.
Try to bring out Nintendo, see what's going on in their world, if anything.
One game on the Wii this week, Everybody's Rhythm Tengoku.
So that must be Rhythm Heaven finally getting its release on the Wii in Japan this week.
So a lot of people are curious what that will look like over here.
There are a couple of big games on the 3DS this week.
Ushimitsu Monstro, Lense 2 Mahou Rhythm comes out this week in Japan.
It's like a little monster rhythm game.
I think I've seen this girl in other games before, this little character.
Which one?
I've seen her before.
It's Gabrielle's Ghostly Groove is what's coming out over here.
Thank you.
It's a 3DS version of that.
It's on WiiWare right now if you want to check.
WiiWare or DSiWare. I think WiiWare.
And then next week, Super Pokémon Scramble comes out on the 3DS.
So it's a Pokémon game even though it's not an actual Pokémon game.
It's a Pokémon mini-game thing, I guess.
It looks kind of cute, actually.
I'd check that out if it comes out over here.
There it is, your Japanese release dates.
Let's move over to the old kingdom, Dark Sakura.
Not a whole bunch.
On the 22nd, we have Calabara's The Cartel in Cars 2, the video game.
And Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon.
That's it.
I'm surprised it's coming out over there as Earth Defense Force.
They used to call it Global Defense Force.
I'm gonna double check.
Yeah, it says Earth Defense Force.
Do they not like the word Earth over there or something?
Well, it was the fact that they were localizing it from Japan.
So they called it Global Defense Force over there.
Oh, I see.
It never really came out over here on PlayStation.
So it's our fault for calling it Earth Defense Force.
There were a lot of other series that were renamed just for censorship issues.
Sure.
Like Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles.
Well, I'm also thinking about, you know what comes to mind,
is the whole fact that Captain America is coming out in some countries
as the first Avenger.
Like, you know, Captain America is a bad thing.
This is funny.
I know. No, I'm totally serious.
Certain countries are getting it as the first Avenger.
Hmm.
So, interesting.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
At least they're not giving it the Hetalia treatment
where he's making, you know, he's eating cheeseburgers or something.
A couple more news stories for you guys,
then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
You know, I'd be willing to see, like, you know how they have
Italian Spider-Man, Italian Captain America.
Japanese Spider-Man is freaking hilarious, by the way.
Awesome.
So, there is a new model of PlayStation 3 coming out,
actually now, I believe.
And it's to conform to a new thing that was passed back in December,
the, what was it, the AACS Final Adopter Agreement,
which basically is some sort of DRM that they have standardized
that all media companies must adhere to.
And this means that they need to only support Blu-ray playback,
high definition Blu-ray playback, only over HDMI,
because it's the only way that this kind of DRM works.
So, these new systems will be unable to play HD Blu-ray movies
over component.
It's only going to be available through HDMI.
Games are fine.
Games you can still play over component,
but you will not be able to play over component for Blu-ray.
And it's not something Sony is necessarily doing.
It's something that everybody has to do.
So, you know, if Microsoft has a new system coming out,
you know, say that supports Blu-ray later on,
they will not be able to have Blu-ray playback over component.
What are you talking about, Loki?
This is just because Sony is a bunch of cheap bastards.
That's why this is happening, because they are cheap bastards,
and they want to cut out the things that they're putting in the boxes
for the PlayStation 3.
Well, you mean cut out things that they're putting in the boxes?
That's what I read on the internet, so it must be true.
Well, that's what initially everyone thought.
Like myself, and come on, I wouldn't put it past them.
I mean, they've done things to cut out, you know,
power usage and stuff like that.
It really just saves them money on components.
So instead, you're telling me that Sony just waited until the last minute
to implement their own standard for Blu-ray?
Not even really the last minute,
because I don't think this goes into effect until 2012.
So they kind of just said, hey, you know what?
We're just going to do it now.
Before the Xmas rush.
Yeah.
But here's the thing, though, is they didn't ever explain it to anybody.
And I don't think there's anything on the box, you know, that calls out...
Well, I don't see Sony putting out a press release going,
guess what? We've taken a feature away from the PlayStation 3.
No, they don't have to say it like that.
They can just say, due to blah, blah, blah, you know,
playback of high def Blu-ray movies can only be facilitated through HDMI.
But, and then to be clear, though,
you can still hook up your PlayStation 3 through component cables.
It will only play the games and, you know, the movies in standard def, right?
Yes.
Hmm.
That sucks. My old TV didn't even have HDMI.
I had to hook up through component, and it was an HDTV.
Thankfully I do have HDMI on my TV,
and I am hooked up through HDMI for my PlayStation 3,
but once again, I mean, cause of HDMI cables are so damn cheap,
I don't understand why they don't throw one in there.
Oh wait, I know why, because they sell HDMI cables for $40,
when anybody can go out and get them for like three.
Right.
Whatever. It sucks, but that's life.
Alright, anyhow, one more story for you guys.
This has to do with a new Bimani game.
For you fans of DDR and BeatMania 2DX,
there's information about a new game that is being tested at Leisureland in Akiba, Tokyo.
It is called Sound Voltex Booth.
That's not vortex, that's voltex.
It's like volts, like energy.
There's some video that has hit the internet that shows this game in action,
and apparently kind of what this game looks like.
That's the little fuzzy music you hear in the background.
It kind of looks like, imagine like a BeatMania screen that's more like Guitar Hero, I guess, looking like that.
But it looks like not only are there buttons,
but there's some type of tilt mechanism in this game too.
Cause you'll notice as the song goes on,
the guy kind of has to drive and tilt the thing a little bit before he starts hitting buttons.
So it looks like it kind of incorporates both those features into it.
Kind of interesting.
Boy, that sounds like crap, but that's what location test videos always sound like.
So yeah, Sound Voltex is the new game on its way.
Some songs have been announced for the game,
but they're all really some, there's a Max 300 remix.
That's probably the only thing you're going to recognize by the name alone.
So yeah, more information hopefully to come soon after the location test.
So, Konami has trademarked some names, Sound Voltex Booth and Sound Voltex Floor.
Possibly localized versions of the game.
I don't know, I guess it would depend on how well this one does.
So, we'll see.
Anyhow, it's time to take a stroll down memory lane in a segment we call the Classic Game of the Week.
Every week here at Orange Lounge Radio, Dark Sakura dives into the vault
and pulls out a classic game that she thinks,
hey, why aren't you kids playing this game?
It's awesome.
Enough with your newfangled crap.
Enjoy this old classic for a change.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
It is Tekken 3.
I figured since I did Soul Blade last week, I'd do Tekken 3 this week.
Because this was my favorite fighting game for ages.
It came out in the arcade in March 1997.
And it came out on the Playstation in 1998.
There was a simplified arcade version that came out on PS2 as part of Tekken 5's arcade history mode.
But the Playstation version is probably considered one of the greatest ones ever.
It was the first game on Namco System 12 hardware.
And it was the last one that came on the original Playstation.
It is such a fun game.
This game came out when I worked for a Namco arcade.
And I played the crap out of it.
As far as the characters that were in it, it had basically,
you could unlock all of the classic characters later on.
But it had its own new characters too.
The ones that returned at the beginning were Paul Phoenix,
Nina Williams, Yoshimitsu, and Lei Wulong.
And also you could unlock Anna Williams and Heihachi.
And the new characters that came in were Jin Kazama, Shaoyu, Hwa Rang, King 2,
Eddie Gordo, who was every masher's favorite, and Forest Flaw.
And then you could also unlock Kuma and Panda,
Julia Chung, who was my second favorite person to use in the game,
Brian Fury, Gun Jack, Moco Jean, Ogre, True Ogre,
and Tiger Jackson, who was the swap for Eddie Gordo with the fro and everything.
This is the character I loved right here.
Hwa Rang.
Hwa Rang, he's awesome.
I love his music.
I'm going to turn it up a little bit.
I was actually really good with him.
My three mains that I used were him, Jin, and Julia.
And I would use Julia every time I'd play against someone who played King
because she had a really easy move to break through King's infinite combo.
So did Jin for that record, and he had an easy to do unblockable,
his little spin punch thing.
You could dodge it though.
Now, in the PlayStation version, you had two other characters.
You had Gon, who I don't know if anyone's ever heard of the comic,
and I will link something in the chat room.
Gon is a little dinosaur, and there is a manga, a big manga series.
And honestly, his ending and everything was pretty faithful.
And I could also beat, what was it, Tekken Force Mode using Gon,
which Tekken Force was like a little side-scrolling little version in the game.
He also had toxic farts.
And also Dr. Bosconovitch, who was actually supposed to be
an unlockable in the arcade version,
but he ended up being a bonus in the PlayStation version.
So there was another one that was for Blamecast,
which was a boot disk for the Dreamcast
that you could boot the PlayStation version of the game.
I've got it, and it really just enhanced the resolution.
It made it look a lot better.
But it also did sort of screw up some of the background images versus the stage,
kind of almost how it did in...
Do you remember the Japanese version of Tekken Tag Tournament,
where it would do that weird thing between the ground and the backward stage?
Where they would separate? It kind of did that number.
But this is lauded by lots of people as one of the best PlayStation games ever.
It got a 96 out of 100 on Metacritic,
and it's ranked the number 2 on their list of greatest PlayStation games.
Also, this was the music I really liked.
It was the first LoLs music. So good.
His ending was funny.
And yes, I have beaten the game, but never the win.
Now, this is actually a little bit of fun trivia.
Tekken 3 was the first game to get a 10 on EGM's revised review scale,
saying that a game no longer had to be perfect to get a 10,
and the last game that got a 10 was Sonic & Knuckles.
So it honestly is one of my favorites.
I have to say it is a masher's paradise, especially with Eddie Gordo.
Yeah, I loved him. That was awesome.
See, I would only use him to play Tiger, because Tiger was so freaking hilarious.
But the game had great music.
And I'll tell you one thing, actually, and this is actually fairly common with me
and the Namco games when they bring them home
and have their arranged version of the soundtrack.
I always preferred the arcade soundtrack, except for a couple of cases in Soul Calibur.
Not Soul Calibur, but Soul Blade, because I like Cervantes' arranged music better.
But it had fantastic music. It had fantastic graphics for its time.
Fantastic moves. I mean, it looked gorgeous.
And it was funny. My boss at Aladdin's Castle
I worked at Aladdin's Castle in Mobile, Alabama. I will not hide this at all.
My boss, Anthony, he's a great guy.
But I would always watch the Japanese forums to see who was going to be the next character to come out.
And they actually had a different release schedule
for the US machines versus the Japanese machines.
So I would sometimes be able to guess, because they had this little screen pop up that says
guess who or who's next or something.
And I would usually be able to accurately say who was the next character coming out.
So it was pretty neat.
I would just play the crap out of these games. But I remember, and now this is
this game sparked a conversation that we had one time while I was working
about how realistic are we going to see graphics become in the future.
And he called it that day.
You know, after a while arcades aren't going to be relevant anymore.
That you're going to be able to get that degree of quality at home.
Whoops.
And we were talking about just seeing how far it could go and I said
there's going to come a day where you're not going to be able to tell the 3D from the real thing.
And now they've even got different types of motion capture so in advance
that you really can't tell the difference unless you're really looking for it.
But as far as this
it is, I think to this day, my favorite Tekken game.
I mean I really loved Tekken 4.
I was still pissed off about what was that game, that company
that I gave the Better Business Bureau review to.
Because they sent me the Asian version and not the Japanese version
of that specifically as to the Japanese version.
Was it Toys and Joy?
It wasn't Toys and Joy. Toys and Joy has always been good.
It was like import something.
They're long since out of business.
The other good thing about this one is that it had a mode called Tekken Force.
Which was a kind of side scrolling version.
A beat em up like Streets of Rage.
You go through different stages and if you beat
the mini game 4 times then you could unlock Dr. Bosconovitch.
You had to beat him first of course.
It had another version that was called Tekken Ball that was like
beach volleyball. Except you had to charge the ball so you had to use
a powerful attack to try to hurt your opponent or hit the ball
so that it hits the ground. And then your character would get injured
if it touched the ground. Or the opponent's character would get injured if it touched the ground.
And it was just awesome.
It was super fun. So you can still find it.
If you get Tekken 5 it's in the history mode so there you go.
One of the best games ever.
Alright there it is. Tekken 3.
Yeah because I like this character. The other one ran out.
The PlayStation version. This is what Namco was doing. Look how we can render
individual hairs. And it looks so unnatural.
Oh geez.
Alright well that's going to do it for the classic game of the week. But don't go anywhere
because Orange Laundry is going to be right back with part B of our show tonight. We have some rapid fire
news for you guys. Some news about PopCap got sold. We got to talk about that one.
Talk about some news around EA's camp when it comes to server shutdowns.
And some discussion topics tonight. You know tonight
the news is a little bit light. But we're going to talk about is Good Parenting
better than a violent video game ban. I'm sure that will get everybody riled
up here in studio. And stop hating on sports games
says one writer. We're going to talk about all that when we come back with more tonight of Orange Lounge
Radio.
Welcome back everybody to
Orange Lounge Radio. The show where every gamer has a voice. We are back with
this part B of our episode number 420.
I'll just let that be. On this July 17th of
2011. So we're going to get back into some gaming
news including rapid fire news as well as your tweets. So this is your last
chance to get in those Twitter topics. Twitter.com slash o-l-r.
But first I want to just give a quick plug for other projects and things that we're working on.
Of course the best little Hoard House in Azeroth is a Warcraft podcast
that I host with my buddy Ecstifer. For more information you can visit
www.hoardhouse.com. Sadly there wasn't a new show this week because there was
some other stuff going on. But we should be back next week. And so this would be a great time to catch up on
the what 31 some odd back episodes there are of the show.
And listen to our potty humor in talking about Warcraft. But never too
seriously. I have a new impression by the way. What's that? What is nature's call?
I get sick of hearing it every time. Is that
one of the chicks in Warcraft when you get a quest? Arela?
The centaur girl? Uh huh uh huh. Ah the great
outdoors. Yeah yeah I know exactly who you're talking about. Screw her.
Anyhow. How? Very carefully. You just got to get
those hindl- never mind. Anyway. Also I want to plug guest appearance I did
this week on Undersedation Live. Of course it was their 10th anniversary show. I talked about that
at the top of the program. But fun. And a lot of the chatters were saying it was a very different side
of me. It was on that show. And I'm just saying well. It's not really about
games. It was the old Rob. I don't have to. It was still me.
I didn't like go in there with a different mindset. It's just I don't have to worry about. It's not my show
quote unquote anymore. You're different when you're not facilitating. Yeah I'm not facilitating. I'm not in the
MC role. And plus I realized on that show conversation will go anywhere
and anywhere. This show I've got to make sure after a 20 minute tangent it does get back to
the games eventually. But that show. Pshh. We should talk about whatever.
I was in the same boat when I was running the gig you know when Tiara
guested. Right right. So it's just a different role.
When you have to be moderator. It's just like Julie Chen on Big Brother
versus Julie Chen on The Talk. For those that actually watch daytime TV.
I had a Metal Gear style question mark pop up over my head just now.
Okay did you see the clip of the person that cried on the news
when they had to read the verdict that Casey Anthony was innocent. That was Julie Chen.
But if you see her on Big Brother they call her Chenbot because she's like a robot every episode.
But first. This is very very robotic.
But then she like cried so it was a big deal on the other show. Anyway.
Because they discovered robots have emotion now? Yes apparently. She got her emotion
chip put in. She can learn. Dark Soccer I don't know if you
can plug the stuff you've been guessing on. Uh oh.
Actually the podcast that Tiara and our
friend Weasel do for Geek Life is called Pop Culture
Parlay. If you go to geek-life.com I am going
to be on the next two episodes. So yay.
Awesome. And it was a very interesting discussion and there
was some pyramid head mentioned. I'll leave it
at that. Great. So by the way it sounds like I didn't even realize
this but the chat room is telling me my audio cut out for a little bit there. I don't know if that's the mic or whatever.
But there was audio issues so. Can you hear me now chat room bah bah
bah bah. It's not you I think it was me. Oh. I don't know what's going on.
Rob was talking about how he likes to do things.
How sad I'm giving the plug for Undersedation Live and it cut
out. So I don't. Rob was on Undersedation Live guys and it was epic. Exactly yeah
there you go. Listen to Hoard House. Listen to Undersedation Live.
And there was diarrhea involved. Let's not. Alright.
Let's instead. Should I go check on your coffee.
I don't know if that's a good thing to bring up right after that.
Alright can we move on please with some rapid fire news going
to and by the way Brad from Pod Culture
in the chat room says big difference between innocent and not guilty.
I don't want to get too political on this program or what have you or
talk about controversial stuff because you know I'll let what's her name
oh god what's that chick on the CNN show that
oh god Nancy Grace that's that I'll leave that discussion
to her but fine I stand corrected on my earlier comment.
Let's get to some rapid fire news though. Loki why don't you start us. Alright.
Well there is a rumor that apparently during Comic Con
they're going to announce a new Marvel vs. Capcom
kind of iteration I guess or Marvel vs. Capcom 3
to be exact the actual announcement is supposed to be
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and it's supposed to include
a roster update including I think 12
extra characters are supposed to be added to the roster and it
will supposed to be I guess sold for $40
retail and some of the rumored characters
of course doctor Doc Doc because
I guess there are some files that kind of referenced him in
the ISO that was floating around out there but apparently
there is a panel for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 at Comic Con so it makes
sense that they would maybe make an announcement. Maybe they just want to
give out tips. Okay maybe not.
It's hard to believe that it wasn't that long ago that the game came out
I mean February. Well Street Fighter 4 and
Super Street Fighter 4 kind of the same thing happened.
12 characters is a lot though. I mean that would be kind of cool.
Some other fun stuff. Apparently
the Super Mario Brothers movie could have been a lot better
and some of the earlier drafts I guess of the script actually had it
a little bit more traditional to the actual Mario Brothers game.
There was actually supposed to be some sort of epic boss fight
over lava and stuff with Koopa and a lot of
like you know the scenery that you would see
in the game will actually kind of take place in the movie. Also I guess Koopa
was flying around in a giant floating pirate ship. But
unfortunately what we got ended up being some sort of
weird Mario
Judge Dredd movie. Wait a minute. You mean that executives came in
and fucked the whole thing up because they thought they knew what people wanted?
Aw I've never heard of this happening before. Not anywhere.
Yeah yeah I know. It's weird.
But that's what they did.
And then finally I guess this is kind of funny. They actually had a
dig at Capcom in
Splosion Man. And it's during one of the levels
that looks very much like the star road in
Super Mario World. And they're all, who does this? I mean
this is completely ripped off. What is this a Capcom game or
something? So it's funny. Nice.
Alright going to some other quick stories here. There's an epic
mod on its way out for Starcraft. It's called Starcraft Universe.
You might have known this previously as World of Starcraft. But then there was
the whole throw down between the creator and Blizzard.
Which ended actually pretty cool. I believe they invited the dude to hang out at Blizzard headquarters.
Like hey hey look we're not trying to be dicks but we have to protect our IP.
You know kind of extending the olive branch. Well this was all back in
January when that whole thing happened. But now there is a trailer out with
gameplay from the alpha version. So I guess in a
press release that the dude sent to Kotaku he wanted to update everybody on
the mod's progress. So yeah kind of interesting that it's going.
Let me play a little bit of that trailer here in studio so folks can see who that is.
I mean this looks like an epic mod for Starcraft.
There's some cinematics there. I want to see if we can get some gameplay. Like when you look at the gameplay it really does
kind of look like World of Warcraft but in the Starcraft universe.
Which is kind of cool. Complete with like the
hit points for numbers and the whole kind of first person-esque
3D environments. With the mini map
in the corner. I mean this feels very fluid the interface to somebody who's familiar with World of Warcraft.
I'm very surprised that Blizzard is not going to charge for this separate game.
Or somehow work that out with the creator. So I'm not sure exactly
how that's going down. But maybe there's going to be more about that
at Blizzcon. I want to try that. Now the creator of this actually
left school to work on Starcraft universe for full time.
He says at this point I'm learning way more creating Starcraft universe
than I ever would at school. Most of my friends trying to get into creative
industry find themselves having to grind out a massive portfolio to find any
work after four years of college. This is very true.
Wow that's crazy.
Blizzard would be dumb not to hire him if this ends up being a pretty awesome
thing here. So we'll have to see.
We'll have to see how that works out. Also other
new stories. Incubus, you know the band, they're getting their
own video game. It's called Incubattle.
It's a beat-em-up that's very similar to Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
in that whole retro style. It's, you know what that reminds me of? Actually more so
than that. Remember the Linkin Park game that they put out in like IOS or something?
Yeah. It's very much like that. There you go. Well you can pick one of the band's
five members and you go on the streets and fight. Who do you fight?
Pirates trying to steal the band's latest album.
Seriously? That is seriously who you're fighting.
That's awesome. No indication on what
you can click on. Is this a flash game or something? I don't know.
Yeah it looks like a little flash game we can actually play there.
I'm not going to play that. I'm going to go cause physical harm
to pirates because they do physical harm to my wall. Well if they have the whole hats
in the eye patch, that's actually kind of awesome.
Anyhow, Arkham City's collector's edition
has announced some pre-orders. GameStop and Best Buy both priced
the collector's edition. Let's see, Best Buy actually went ahead and
priced the collection at $99.99 and
explained the content saying a premium statue, an art
book, Gotham Knight animated material, and interestingly enough
early access to download content. It all comes out on October
18th when the game is set to come out. There you go. Pretty cool.
Did you hear about that Incubus game, Dark Sakura? Yeah I did. The one you can kind of play in the browser?
Yeah. Is that something you'd check out? I was crying in the other room. What do you think about
fighting pirates? If I wanted to fight pirates
I would just fight the blood-sail buccaneers.
Alright, there you go. By the way, we actually have
a new Incubus single apparently has released to promote
the new game. Who would have known that this is coming out, but here you go. Let's take a
little listen here.
But I just wanted to make one copy.
There you go. Don't Copy That Floppy, the hot new Incubus single
that's going to be in that game. It's great. As you fight the pirates.
Is that interesting new sound for them? Yeah.
Well, here's some good news. For Sonic Generations
guess who's going to be there? Metal Sonic! And it's going to be
old school Metal Sonic and he's going to be one of the rivals.
I freaking love Mecha Sonic so that's really cool. That was
actually my favorite part of Sonic CD.
And then Konami. Yes, Konami again.
They're giving us a choice. It's actually up on
Xbox Live Arcade and PSN where
they're going to let basically the people
who subscribe to these services choose the next game. It's on their Facebook
page so there's a question there. In a perfect world what previously released
Konami Classic would you like to see next on the Xbox Live Arcade or PSN?
Simpsons Arcade Game. Yes. No, I want YY Konami World.
And then last but not least Child of Eden is going to be
on Playstation 3 on September 23rd.
And it's basically
going to also have revised
versions I believe. There's the
there's some other games I want to say. There's Call of
War as the Cartel on the 16th of September World Rally Championship
2011 on October 7th and Connect to Party
Rabbids Live and Kicking on 360
in November. Also Far Cry 3 and Brothers in Arms Furious 4
are going to be on 2012. The end.
Alright. Let's get to Twitter topics tonight. Every week we invite
your tweets at Twitter.com slash OLR because after all
it is the show where every gamer has a voice. Sometimes you want to ask questions or you want to
make sure we touch on a story at some point during this show or you just have an opinion
you want to share. We read your feedback in 120 or excuse me 140
characters or less. Ramaditya Knight tweets us
saying what is your favorite NES multi-cart?
Mine is Supervision 110 in 1 and Super
190 in 1. Oh god. Most of those multi-cart games were utter garbage.
Do you have a favorite multi-cart Dark Sakura?
Super Mario Brothers Duck Hunt. Oh you stole the answer
I was thinking Super Mario Brothers Duck Hunt. Actually maybe Tetris
Duck Mario. That was a good one too. I was thinking Donkey Kong Jr. and Donkey Kong.
Loki? I really wish I had
played more of those pirated multi-carts because they had
some with like Final Fantasy 7
and the Titanic game. Oh god
yeah there's some amazing garbage in those carts. Well Ramaditya Knight
gives you some ideas there. Supervision 110 in 1 and
Super 190 in 1. My favorite multi-cart?
Short Order and Eggsplode. They were power pad games. Anyone ever play those?
It was awesome. One of them was whack-a-mole with your feet. That was Eggsplode.
Anyway. Moving on. More tweets.
Let's see.
Matt on Twitter tweets us and says
Hey Toys R Us is having a $15 sale on all Tony Hawk
and DJ Guitar Hero bundles. Wow. That's a great deal.
$15. That's an awesome deal. Like if you don't own DJ Hero
you might want to like consider that. Actually shit I would love to just pick up an
extra guitar controller to be honest. Guitar Hero bundles? Hold on
I'm going to the source here. He's linking us to a thread on CheapAssGamer
It works on the bundles but not the super
combo bundles. For Guitar Hero on tour. Oh yeah super combos would be ridiculous.
Guitar Hero 5 and Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock. Holy crap.
Yeah the super bundles I mean those are basically like you know
all the instruments. That. I might have to do that. That's a pretty
damn good deal. I can't tell you this much. We had. We were clearing out some old inventory.
We had $50. It could buy you the DJ Hero
party set. Our DJ Hero 2 party set on the Wii.
Two turntables and a microphone at a game for $50.
Is that where it's at? If I played on the Wii man that's an awesome deal.
Alright. Moving on. Tiger Claw tweets
us a few things. One is a story about how Steam apparently has
improved its content delivery system. Defense of the Ancients 2
will be making use of the new system when it comes out soon.
But apparently yeah it has to do with the fact that when new games come out on launch day
from Steam sometimes the system kind of buckles under the pressure.
Those big sales too. The last day of that summer camp sale was pretty bad as well. Like remember
Dark Soccer when I sent you the copy of the Terraria? Like you couldn't even get it at first.
It was kind of crap. Well Valve is trying to improve the system
especially for games that are in high demand and improve download speeds worldwide which is
awesome. For those that have ISPs with monthly
bandwidth caps Steam will no longer force you to download
unnecessary data when a game is updated. You will just download
whatever has been changed rather than the entire files. Can't believe they weren't doing
this before but that's a great improvement. Help cut back on some of the bandwidth
overall. And you can also get into download
scheduling, bandwidth throttling, and the ability to prioritize
the order that games are downloaded for updates and so forth. That's all coming
to Steam very soon. Now not everything on Steam will be able to use this right
away but Dota will be the first game to use it when it comes
out soon. Very interesting that they're pegging that as a game to use it
soon. I had no idea this game was going to be coming out sooner rather than later.
I hope that's a good sign and not something I'm just misunderstanding there.
So, hmm, very interesting. One other story coming to us from
Tigerclaw on Twitter and it has to do with Hideo Kojima
and he says, you know what, I don't have time for a new Snatcher game.
But if someone else wants to do it, great. So it might be kind of opening the
door there to a new Snatcher game. It was in an interview with PlayStation
blog when he was asked about games like L.A. Noire and Deus Ex Human Revolution.
Do you want to make a new Snatcher game? Kojima said, quote, L.A. Noire is a game
that I really like but unfortunately I have not played it.
I think it is coming out in Japan today so when I return I intend
to play it. The idea of an open world in 3D is very good and I would love to do something
like Snatcher but I do not have the time or the means to do so.
But if anyone else would like to develop it, I would love it.
So Team Bondi, you might need to give Hideo Kojima a call.
You might not even have to work 100 hour work weeks to get that game done. Who knows.
Anyhow, that is going to do it for Twitter topics tonight. Twitter.com slash olr
if you want to get your tweets in for next week. In the meantime, back to gaming news.
Your phone calls in about 30 minutes here on OLR. The mailbag is coming up soon as well.
FUs of the Week and all that stuff you love. Loki.
Yes, this is kind of neat. EA bought PopCap.
I mean, thank god it wasn't Zynga.
Which they were in the running by the way. EA purchased
PopCap games for 750 million dollars.
And then also of course there's some bonuses including
some performance bonuses I guess.
They're worth another, I want to say 250 million or maybe
a little bit more than that. Maybe it's 500 million.
But PopCap was actually
going to be, I guess Zynga had put in an offer for
a billion dollars and they got turned down. Which is good.
Good job PopCap. Thank god. Although I don't know
why did they have to sell? Why were they so intent on selling?
Wasn't PopCap doing great on their own? I kind of worry about this
relationship with EA. I mean, as long as PopCap's allowed to do their own thing
then cool. But I got to admit, doing the show that I do on World of Warcraft
it's becoming glaringly obvious that every bad thing that's happened
in WoW is because of Activision now owning a stake in Blizzard. And I just
I worry about this. Also speaking of WoW, it's upsetting that
we'll never see any more of the free pay goal and free
bejeweled mods that you have in WoW.
That sucks because it's a competition with the Old Republic
and some of the stuff that EA's doing. But I don't
know. I mean, was PopCap really so
hard up for money that they had to sell?
We wouldn't really know without looking at their portfolio though. Yeah, but PopCap
their games are on every fucking system known to man. That's part of the charm
of PopCap. Plants vs. Zombies. Name me one thing you can't
play Plants vs. Zombies on. Let's see. Maybe an old
Nokia phone and an Atari 2600. That's probably it.
I would bet somebody's probably tried to port it to the 2600.
So, you know, I just...
Actually, yeah, you can play that in WoW because there's a quest. Yeah, Peace Bloom vs. Ghouls.
I have my Peace Bloom. They'll remove that quest from WoW, watch.
I'm keeping my Peace Bloom. You better not take my Peace Bloom.
I don't think they will. I love my stupid singing flower. I actually hate
those fucking flowers that sing because you'll be walking through Stormwind
and it's like, shut the fuck up.
I want a torch to set those things on fire, but anyway.
Why couldn't they give us one of the plants to look like Audrey?
I want a zombie to eat that plant. Anyway, I digress.
I guess if it's a good business thing for PopCap then yay winners, but you know
there's always going to be that part of me that's a little bit nervous. A little bit nervous about what the future
has. Break room in our chat room
at chat.orangelaungeradio.com. If Zynga bought PopCap games
I would still be crying. Tigerclaw says, you know
EA is going to be milking those PopCap games. Tigerclaw says
Pagel Battlefield. I don't know if it'll get that bad.
I think EA just kind of wants something to fall back on if they're games.
It's not like EA doesn't have a humongous library of games.
But it's nice to have some proven
winners in their hat. And that would maybe be the best news
out of all with this is that if EA knows they've got a winner in their back pocket
then maybe they'll experiment with some new stuff on the other hand.
I mean I'm sure that's just wishful thinking on my part but
forgive me for being a dreamer.
People say you're a dreamer but you're not the only one. I'm not the only one exactly.
So there you go. Moving on
this is another story that's kind of about Zynga and it's about EA. It's interesting how these things
come full circle. This is about the NBA Jam creator
Mark Turmel. He created the NBA Jam series that recently
came back last year although it kind of came back with a pfft.
Hopefully the arcade ones this year will be a little better. He has left EA Sports.
You know where he works now? Zynga. Yeah.
So he now works at Zynga. So who knows what
he's going to create for them over there. He was assimilated into their collective.
He was the senior creative director at EA when he left.
NBA Jam is not the only thing he works on but you know some other projects as well.
Apparently there were rumors about a return of NFL Blitz
when this guy worked at Midway and then EA bought the
Blitz property when Midway was going out of business but
I don't know if that will happen now or maybe it will just happen without this guy overseeing the project
anymore. EA has confirmed his departure. No word
what exactly he's going to help design at Zynga. I don't know.
I'm really trying to look at both sides about Zynga but does anyone
else think Zynga's days are really numbered? And it's not just about the whole
fact that their games are laughably bad when it comes to things like
Farmville and so forth despite the fact that tons and tons of people play them.
But I feel like if Facebook goes down, Zynga
is fucked. Zynga has yet to establish. I mean I know they like
to say in their press releases, well people could just come to Zynga.com and play.
No one's going to do it. You're not going to be nearly the company you are thanks
to Facebook. What if Google Plus rolls out games and says
you know what? Since we don't like the Zynga games ever either
and we've become this safe haven for nerds, we're not going to partner with Zynga.
Zynga's not allowed to put their games on Facebook or on Google Plus
excuse me. Or maybe Google Plus will come out and say sure we're going to have games but it's not
showing up in the stream or it's not going to do the same thing that Facebook did
where it shows up in feeds. It'll be like how I think how Yahoo
games were. It was just its own section.
So you can go to that. Yeah it'll be how most people I think would prefer to see it.
Don't keep it off my stream. But you can have some cool games in their own little
games section. I played Lexulus for the longest time.
It's going to be very interesting. And that's why I'm also glad to see
PopCap didn't go with Zynga. Although for Zynga's benefit, that would have been a huge
win for them because at least PopCap can prove that they've done a bunch of other stuff
in the other place. So there's at least that.
Alright, so let's move on with another story. Dark Soccer, what do you
got for us? Well, what I have is actually
a little bit more death.
How's that?
EA is going to be doing another
bit of online service shutdowns, taking down a bunch
of multiplayer games and demos.
Army of Two, bye.
The demo, bye. Battlefield 2142, bye.
Battlefield 2 Modern Combat, demo, Medal of Honor
Heroes 2, NASCAR 09,
NCAA Basketball 10, NCAA Football 10,
Need for Speed Most Wanted, Need for Speed Undercover, Skate for Playstation 3,
Xbox 360, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10, and 11.
Those are all going down on August 11th. And on October 1st, Madden NFL 10
and NHL 10, bye.
Sucks to be the guy that paid $10 to play those games online yesterday.
I know, bye. I'm just kidding, obviously those games were out
well before the whole $10 thing took off, but
can't wait to see when the inevitable next wave of server shutdowns comes out and
something that you paid $10 because you bought it used a couple years after the fact to play online
suddenly shuts down. I know. That'll go over real well. I mean at least
most of those games are like old sequels, you know what I mean? Like they're
old games in series that have newer sequels. And they probably have a good
point. No one's playing those games online anymore. So they're not
exactly, people are going to cry over them, but it's going to be very interesting
when we get to the $10 games. Here you go.
Alright. Loki, what do you have for us?
Ah yes. I mean
I hate when they shut down stuff. This is kind of cool.
Now I haven't really ever played this in the arcade, but I'm definitely familiar with the music.
Wagon Midnight Maximum Tune is coming to arcades
number four that is, in December in Japan.
And I'm assuming we can expect more of
the wonderful music in there. Some of the stuff that they
are going to be, I guess adding, connected ghost
battle mode. So you'll be able to battle ghost records around the world.
And you can challenge the top ghosts in the world.
Let's see. They're also going to have a team function. You can create your own teams. Put team specific
stickers on your cars. And I'm not sure if that's
going to make the international version. New cars including the Mazda RX7.
The Mitsubishi Starion. Nissan Skyline
Coupe V36. And the Infiniti G37
Coupe. The REF CTR Yellowbird. The REF
RGT. Subaru Legacy B4 fifth generation.
The Toyota Crown thirteenth generation. And
yet unannounced car. Also some new courses.
Yokohama Line and Yaesu Route.
Both part of the Shudo Expressway.
And they're also going to have some new parts. 22 new dress up parts.
Yay dress up!
And then power up. They're going to have maximum power now.
130 horsepower. So that's kind of
cool. I mean I don't know. I know that there's definitely
in the arcade scene nowadays it's all about racing games.
I mean that's really popular. So it'll be kind of cool. Hopefully this stuff makes it
over here. Yeah it'll be nice. As I was saying at the top of the show
that's a pretty awesome racing series. So I do hope we see that show up
over here. Alright well I'm curious to see what the OLR hosts
think of this next story. And I'm sure a lot of you guys are probably going to be on the same side as this guy.
But I think this guy puts it pretty well. This comes from Charles
Smith who is a professor of family studies for Kansas State University.
He says that there's this big hysteria
about violence in video games. But it's context and the type of game that's
important. The type of child is important as well. Here's a quote.
Quote, a child without a connected parent relationship. One who doesn't have
respect for their parents and plays a violent video game over a certain length of time
would worry me. But banning video games completely isn't the right
answer either. He goes on to say that banning games
might make them more attractive to children. Quote,
the realism in video games is changing constantly because of technology.
This causes more realistic violence and video games are becoming more and more
immersive in terms of their nature. And he's talking about how you know
the technology is always changing and this can kind of be a concern. But ultimately
at the end of the day, he says that parents, they need to be educated. They need to be aware
about what games they're letting their children play. Without that parent-child
relationship, children can go play whatever video games they want
without that relationship.
But with it, kids can play those games and not turn out
violent because the parents are still there to teach them right from wrong. And I say, well
said, Professor Smith. Well said. And I'm sure most people here
in the studio think the same way. Well said.
Too bad he's not the one. I say elect him for office.
He knows what he's talking about. We need him to go
against Leland Yee in what is
needed for kids and so forth.
Alright. Let's move on with the mailbag and see what offensive
things you guys are going to email us this week.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to email us every week and DarkSakura
will dive in head first and read some emails for us.
I will. I have some. I have four emails.
Oh my god, four? Just kidding.
But first of all, person, you misspelled Voltaire.
It's V-O-L-T-A-I-R-E. So if you're going to quote somebody, which
I'm quoting Voltaire is fine by me. Make sure you spell it right, please.
Mailbag, hi, we haven't spoken in a while. I just wanted to let you in on this. I
came ahead quite a bit since I started a week ago. Just have a read.
Isn't that a spam email? No.
I'm telling you that's a spam email. You gotta
watch out for that shit. We get tons of spam in the email box.
I should just ignore bed grammar anyway.
Hello, comrades. I'm sorry, it's funny that that still was signed
with something that they're quoting a philosopher.
I find that funny. I'm sorry.
Three emails. Hello, comrades. Hope that all of you are doing well. Firstly,
I wanted to thank you for the great show. Very entertaining. Just like shooting an AK
while intoxicated. Just joking. I don't drink.
What do you guys think of the future of GTA? Will the next installment be a serious and realistic
AKA gray and muddy as the previous one? Or will it perhaps return
to a much more hilarious style like San Andreas with much more customization and humor?
This is really a Loki question, if anything. Loki,
I know you're rocking out over there, but Grand Theft Auto, what would the next one
be like? Would it be serious or whimsical? I think that they're gonna try to
bring back what they did in San Andreas. Basically,
kinda keeping it grounded a little bit, but have a little bit of extra
fun stuff like the miniguns and the parachutes and the little bit ridiculous
stuff. I think they gotta step it up a little bit as far as whimsical
and crazy because of Saints Row the Third, but
I still think they're gonna try to keep it a little bit
somewhat realistic. I think you're definitely gonna see
kind of like a San Andreas. Alrighty.
I just hope they get rid of the
I kinda call it like dating your friends, where
oh hey, let's go bowling, or hey, I wanna go play air hockey.
I don't wanna fucking play air hockey with you. I want
hoe mode. Darcy, I'm with you. I want more hoes.
I want hoe mode, where you play as a whore. I think there needs to be
a mode where when she says I wanna go play air hockey, you should say shut up bitch and suck my dick.
See? And you know what? And this is why Saints Row
in some ways is a better game than Grand Theft Auto.
Saints Row 2 does have hoe mode, where you can play as a whore. You can
be a man whore, and you can go- Oh my god, why am I not playing this game?
It's serious. It's one of the side missions you can do. I played the first Saints Row
and I was like, yeah, whatever. Oh my god. No, you need to play Saints Row 2. Saints Row- Can I borrow it?
Uh, yeah. I need to be a man whore. That's awesome. It is
a fucking awesome game. It's Saints Row 2- Did you play- You can borrow it when you lend me Dance
Masters. Did you- Shut up. Did you play- Shut up, bitch. See, I'm practicing.
Hey, hoe. Did you play as a man whore?
Well, I did the man whore missions, yes. Have you ever been a man whore, Loki?
No, but he's given a whore right now. In the game. And I gotta say, I was
fucking awesome at that. You know why? Cause it's a rhythm game in there.
It's like, it's a little- I can't remember exactly what you did. It's something with
like moving the analog sticks in certain directions, like to like a beat. But
since, you know- That's like Big Bang Bar. A little more to the left. But it
seriously, uh, I mean, they have, you know, in Saints Row they have a
mode where, I don't even remember what the hell it's called. It's basically you and one of those
bunny suits. You know how they have like the bunny suits? Mhm. Intel
and stuff like that? Right in ATV on fire and everything you run into
explodes. It's just such an awesome game. Oh god.
This, this, I- If, if, if this game convinced
Loki to get a gold star in man whoring, I've gotta check it out.
I'll loan it to you. It's, it's pretty awesome. But the third man, the third's gonna be
even better than this. It's just, I can't fathom how awesome this is
gonna be. Can't wait. Alright. Was there more
to the email? Sorry. Yes there is. We're, we're stuck thinking about hosts. I also want to inform
you guys of this great game I played as a kid. It's called Dark Earth. Okay, I wanna see how old
this is. If he's said he played it as a kid.
Uh, actually it links to something in archaeology, nevermind.
Oh, the video game. I'll find it. Hold on. Post-apocalyptic
action-adventure game for the PC. When did it come out?
It was cancelled for PS2.
Dark Earth 1997.
September 30th, 1997. You were a kid in 97. Shut the fuck up.
I'm not reading any more of this. No. Um. Don't be mean to the
emailers. The amazing story and the graphics were pretty impressive at the time. If you have the time, check it out.
You won't regret it. Stay frost comrades. Stanislav.
I'm reading up on this game. I've actually never played this. It was a PC
only game. I remember this game actually. I've seen it before. Do you really?
I never played this. Third person game centering around item collection
of weapon based combat. Huh. The environments of the game were pre-rendered
with 3D modeled characters moving atop them like Resident Evil.
Huh. Interesting. It was pretty neat.
I will have to check it out. Next email comes from Robobobobobobobobobobobobobobob.
Thanks for the game by the way Robobobob.
No the next one.
No I was just saying thanks for the game.
Robobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobb
I read the damn email. Did any of you see
the Forza 4 trailer on Xbox Live? No. I watched it and it starts with this claim
all in game footage then unless I'm wrong it shows you the CG render
to the game, followed by footage from the game, which I'm not sure looks any different
than Forza 3. CG renders are not in-game footage, even if they aren't part of the game media.
The only way that could be in-game footage is if there was a special car viewer section
that does nothing else. I wonder if that is what it is.
Um, I, I, wasn't that the one that, like, blasted the Kanye West song when you watched
the trailer? I didn't watch it.
I did see it. It was, you know, well racing games always have, I mean, at least these
days have pretty impressive graphics. It's, you know, a lot of it goes by so fast you
can't really appreciate it. Well, I also have to paste, though, how Rob
signed his email. Yes.
Because you'll only get it if you know DOS. Oh, God. That's great. I like that.
I love it. And to read it out for the listeners, 10 print Rob, 20 print B, 30 go to 20.
By the way, it's basic, not DOS. Sorry. You know what I mean.
Just so you know. I have an icon that says the home sweet home
one. I, I spent a lot of time on Commodore 64 basic
in my youth. Meanwhile, you kids, you kids were playing
Dark Earth. When I was a kid, I was typing. So what were the commands? Like run, quote,
game, quote, comma, eight, comma, no, asterisk A, asterisk B.
You might've been playing Dark Earth as a kid. I was typing in programs from the back
of compute gazette. Just so you know.
We had the, oh God, what was the, the, the Tandy book of, of, um, basic for the little
Tandy computer. I used to have one of those that you play
games on. Okay. Last email. Dun dun dun. Um, hello gang. This is Ramaditya. I hope I said
that right. I spoke to Rob earlier and as a blind gamer,
I would like to give my personal thoughts about one of the topics brought up in the
last show. It is about an invention that could help blind
persons see using connect as assistive device. I asked for an email like this. Hooray.
However, because my English vocabularies are somewhat limited, I'll try to explain as best
I can. I hope you can catch what I mean. This is what I understand. In order to make connect
work, it needs to recognize the visual objects it points to. For example, if I want to know
that there is a glass in front of me, I must put my connect to it and an audio message
will tell me there is a glass. It means that my connect must have proper information about
the object so that it can recognize it properly so the object must contain something special
that the connect can recognize. With this aid, we are faced with the circumstance that
visual objects are a lot, color, shape, letters, et cetera. So it is probably impossible for
the device to recognize all of them. For example, if I stand in front of the mall, it will be
difficult for the device to identify various activities in front of me, walking people,
sending children, moving trolley, et cetera. So the device may not be able to replace working
eyes, but there is still a way to make the device useful and more effectively. We need
a specific object that can universally be recognized. What a coincidence that the idea
came from Rob himself. Well, QR code can be one. That's basically QR code usually contains
text or number, and those are universal, e.g. the numbers are number nine is the same around
the world, letter A is also the same, and many other examples that you can make yourself.
So we use the device like a reading tool or transportation recognizer, and it's like what
Rob told. When it scans the QR code attached to the bus, it would speak bus to Canada goes
at 7 a.m. Another example, the inventor can install a small GPS so that it can help blind
people navigate easily. You are facing north, the device says, and when you walk straight,
it finds a QR code embedded at the next exit door that will read northern exit, go south
to Dunkin Donuts. If you want to implement Kinect as a gaming device which is accessible
for the blind, perhaps bodily movement can be considered as universal target that the
device can recognize. Perhaps when you play one-on-one lightsaber battle, both players
can face each other and use a Kinect like a lightsaber, and the device held by the blind
player can inform the position or movement his or her opponent makes. Combined with the
sound effects from the game, it can be great. Another possible implementation is to use
the device in card games like, well I forget, but there was that one PS3 one which came
out with the physical cards. Oh. I have judgment. Yeah. That was the one where you all bet if
I could sell one million and Loki must dress as Tingle. Yes, correct. The physical cards
must contain label or QR code that tells Kinect which cards the player holds so the player
can use it properly based on the information given by Kinect. For example, this is dragon
card facing up, this is golem card facing down, etc. Yep, that's my personal thought
about the topic, but I do support whatever result may come out. Okay, before I conclude
this email, let me give you my YouTube video. It's me playing frog's theme with my recorder.
Hope you and all you listeners can enjoy it. Didn't he send us a recorder link before?
I think I remember this guy. I'm going to copy it to you, Rob. Okay, do that. I'll bring
it up here real quick. Well, first off, I think if I understood the point of the email
correctly, it was that I'm a genius for my idea with the QR codes last week, so I totally
agree with the email 100%, might I say. You're so awful. And I do have to say, if English
isn't your first language, you still did a fantastic job. I know you did better than
some people who emailed us. You did better than people who have grown up here all of
their lives, so thank you for being awesome. Let me bring this up a little bit. I love
that because you know he's got a deep appreciation for this game. I want to say the last video
I saw of him playing the recorder was Scars of Time, I think it was. I think so. So clearly
this kid loves his chrono. Yeah, he loves his chrono, and it's great that even though
he's blind, he kind of has that appreciation, and I think it's hard for a lot of us to understand
sometimes what it's like in that position. But certainly I can also agree that kind of
what he says at the end of the email, hey, anything that will help is a good thing, right?
Well see, this is kind of actually, it's funny because I was actually having this thought
about the use of QR codes to provide, god this was, it's kind of a weird thought that
I had, but you know how they have the reactive material that will raise and lower a certain
way based on programming? I mean there is programmable material out there. Imagine having
something that you could read a QR code and then having the braille for it for example
show up on a small platform or on a stylus or something. Or even like an iPhone app that
you can hold up your phone, read the code, and it will have a speaker attached to it
so it says so and so or record voice signal or something. What do you think? Yeah, I think
we have all these technologies now like the QR code, GPS is so cheap to implement in devices
now too. I think we're just a matter of time away. I have to tell you though, and I'd actually
like to get some of our blind listeners feedback on this too. I watched a special probably
a couple years ago about using audio location to be able to tell distance. It was a guy
blind from birth riding a bicycle down the street that had cars all around, people crossing
the street and making clicking noises. He was able to tell his location and what was
close to him by the clicking sound. I was thinking if you had something sort of like
Kinect that would attach like say to a bicycle or a vehicle of some sort that would give
you an audio clue instead as you know like you said the GPS. You can have a GPS that
would also you know fill in your spatial items to maybe have like an emergency break that
keeps you from running into something too. But my whole point with that is that if you
have something like that implemented say into a driving game, then it could give the same
feeling of driving without necessarily being able to see where you're going. Wow, crazy
thought. But I got the idea from watching that show. By the way just real quick I did
some folks are requesting the video so that they could watch it at full volume. So there's
a link right there in chat. I put that there. Sorry to those folks that are listening on
the podcast feed but you'll just have to do a search for that. What was it labeled as
and you can tell? Let me see, let me see what it's labeled as real quick here. Was that
the last email by the way? Yes it was. Alright that was the last email. The name on YouTube
is Ramaditya Skywalker. R-A-M-A-D-I-T-Y-A. Skywalker. S-K-Y-W-A-L-K-E-R. So there you
go. You can look that up and I'm sure, I think he probably has, it's 61 videos so who knows
what else is in there but I'm assuming there's a lot of recorder stuff in there. So check
that out. I see yeah Tin Whistle, Ship Final, yeah he's got some other videos too. I have
a Tin Whistle, I have two of them. But I'm not any good at it. Very cool. I should learn
to play my melodica, maybe we could do a YouTube duet. Do a duet? That'd be awesome. Alright
that's it for the mailbag. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send in your emails for a future
week. Meanwhile let's get to the FUs of the week. I would like to say FU to my skin for
not getting quite as much sun as I wanted today. But I am happy to say that I don't
have skin cancer yet and yeah. Well Harada not having skin cancer that's a good thing.
I'm trying to get a little bit more sun because you remember I've always been super super
super pale and I decided that it's time for me to look a little healthier. I think I look
healthy. You need your vitamin D. Yes. D for diva. I know. Well I was thinking Dan but.
Loki do you have an FU? Just FU to people being sick. My FU of the week goes to this
microphone because I think it's dying and I really don't want to buy another microphone
but fine if that's what I have to do I will. And FU to I don't know my skin too, my skin
sucks too. I have the whole like this is gonna be gross but I have like the whole like flaky
thing going on in some parts it's gross I hate it. I know I use similar stuff I do but
it only lasts so long and then it's like happens again. Well I'm the reason why I'm actually
and I hate to plug. An FU to the outro playing right there that was too early. To plug you
know because they're not paying us clearly. But since I started using I'm using the hoof
maker stuff and it actually made the eczema on my knuckles go away. Funny enough my hands
are fine. My hands never a problem. In fact I get a lot of compliments on my hands. But
I've started using it on my knees. And it I'm just saying it helped. There you go. Alright
well anyhow let's move on. Couple quick stories for you guys and then the Skype line at 1877
game OLR. Loki. You know it's funny I was just watching video for some of the Saints
Row 3rd stuff just because it's fun watching the video over and over and over again. They
announced their hyper ordinary pre-order pack and this will be included with games that
you pre-order I'm assuming anywhere but you know it may be just certain outlets but it's
Professor Genki's hyper ordinary pre-order pack. It gets you a few things the Professor
Genki suit which Professor Genki you don't know about the game it's this weird like Japanese
game show within the actual game and Professor Genki is this really like tripped out looking
cat. Kind of thinking like the Cheshire Cat. But you get this suit that looks like a stunt
suit with that giant cat head. The Manipult car which is basically a car with the cat
head on the front that has a giant cannon that you can get it a cat a bolt. It's a Manipult.
You can suck people pedestrians up in to the cannon and fire them out. And then of course
there's a weapon that's an octopus gun that fires octopuses that land on or octopi that
land on people's heads. And if that's not crazy enough for you they have the platinum
pack that's available which I'm seriously considering buying this. That comes with a
headset that auto tunes your voice automatically. That's kind of worth it in the price of there
and as well as the soundtrack and I'm sure some other fun bonuses in there as well. Of
course the headset does not work with Xbox Live or the PlayStation Network. Well it does
but you have to buy a little adapter but you know what it's still worth it to have a headset
that auto tunes your voice. That might be worth it just for the show. I could do a whole
show auto tuned. You know it's funny that the subject of auto tune came up on last night's
under station live and you've got to check out this app on the iPhone. It's called songify
and it's an app where you can like make instant songs out of like whatever. I don't want to
rip off the bit from us all but I feel like now I have to demo it. So okay so here's songify
and what should I sing about? Tell me what to sing about. Sing about hemorrhoids. Okay
I'm not going to sing about hemorrhoids that's gross. Sing about. I'll sing a song about
Loki. Sing about Lady Gaga. No I'll sing a song about Loki. Okay here we go. Loki went
to round table pizza and got a pizza with cheese and pepperoni but no bacon. Okay so
now it's going to do its thing so here we go. Oh hold on. I did it wrong. It wasn't
recording that whole time. Hold on. Live radio. I know live radio. Hey shut up. Hold on here
we go. Here we go. Loki went to round table pizza. He didn't get the bacon pizza because
bacon makes you fat. Okay here we go. Loki went to round table pizza. Loki went to round
table pizza. He didn't get the bacon pizza because bacon fat pizza. He didn't get the
bacon pizza because bacon makes you fat. Loki went to round table pizza. Loki went to round
table pizza. So obviously it's not perfect because you know it kind of cuts out a little
bit there but the duo is awesome. Songify you said? Yeah songify. It's free but I guess
the way they make money is you can download other add-ons and so forth. Like for instance
I just got one that says sounds like you can sing. Have you tried La Di Da? Rumor is Kesha
uses it to sing better. Cute little things like that. Oh I have to tell you. You know
how I talked about the blow video? I found out who the director was and he did some other
videos that are freaking hilarious. This guy is like amazing. Hate on Kesha all you want
but that blow video is pretty fucking rad. I know well that was the director. We found
the director's other videos. That's awesome. So anyway I had to say that. Alright. It was
me and Becky and Susan in here just watching the hell out of these. It was so funny. Alright
one more story for you guys here and it has to do with sports games. It's more of an opinion
piece but since we're a little short on news tonight I thought I'd, by the way I'm loving
these comments in chat right now. People trying to vote for that song in the cage match. You
can't vote for that song. Stop it. What's it called? Songify? Songify. S-O-N-G-I-F-I-Y
or something like that. Anyhow. Why You Should Stop Hating on Sports Games. It's an opinion
piece that came from VentureBeat.com and talks about why sports games, you know a lot of
the masses tend to hate on sports games. It's roster update and another fucking Madden games
coming out. Who buys those games anyway right? Well a sports guru for Electronic Arts says
as part of the story, quote, the point of our games is not reenacting throwing a football
but the spirit of the sport and letting gamers fulfill their sports dreams. These are real
players. There are real events and there is real angst. We want to reenact reality. The
opinion piece goes on to talk about how sports games have a role in driving forward innovation
for the entire video game industry and that's why you should take them seriously. I guess
goes on to talk about NBA 2K11, the game that reenacts some of basketball's finest moments
because that was the one that brought back Jordan in there. I guess saying that some
people were too young to experience that back in 92 but the video game helps them relive
an experience that they actually missed the first time around. The games include tons
and tons of commentary from people that actually commentate on sports in the real industry
and I think a lot that kind of went through this as well and it talked about that I thought
made a good point is having to re-up the reality of these games every year. The opinion piece
from VentureBeat.com says sports games are a main source of revenue for Electronic Arts
so a lot of the innovation in terms of graphics and realistic physics happens in that department
and trickles down to other games. EA for example uses the collision engines originally built
in for Madden in games like Battlefield 3. Each year those teams build and rebuild physics
and animation engines for their in-game characters and then other games reap the rewards of those
engines. Physics and animation in our very core games have been very driven by sports
games since the inception of the technology. That physics and animation had to be in a
sports games for many years shooters didn't need it and then it goes on to talk about
artificial intelligence is a big part of that as well when you play against sports teams
and then that the sports franchise did start this whole once a year cycle but World of
Warcraft does the same thing, Call of Duty, Modern Warfare, DDR I would throw out there
again. I thought that was kind of interesting. What do you guys think about sports games?
Do they get a bad rap in the industry or are they important to the industry as a whole?
I think that you have to appeal to everyone's fandoms. I mean not every guy out there is
gonna like you know to play the RPGs. Not every girl out there is gonna like to play
adventure games. You know it's every they've got a market there. Sports especially well
actually really all over the world I mean football is such a big thing in you know in
Europe I'm talking about real football not the shit we call football here. That's an
opinion young lady. I know I'm talking about opinion piece so I'm giving my opinion. Fine
don't judge me. Judging a little bit. Sorry. Counter judge. But it's important yeah first
of all it's a source of revenue. That means that you know for every you know Madden game
EA puts out we get another Sims. So it's a necessary evil. I don't have to like it. Going
to our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrategy.com Tiger Claw says so all the nerds are complaining
about sports games don't they realize that some of the most beloved video games are sports
games that nerds enjoy? Blades of Steel, Mario Kart anyone? You know I posted about this
to my Google Plus and I got some really interesting comments and because I didn't say that I would
read them on air I don't want to read them verbatim on air and but I will just kind of
summarize one comment that I thought was very interesting was about somebody who said you
know I really enjoy the sports games especially the football games and why I like them is
that I can't really play sports game or I can't play football IRL I can't play professional
football because I'm a tall skinny dude I'm not built for professional football these
games let me live out that experience that kind of ties into what the beginning of that
article said how you know it's about letting folks kind of reenact an experience I guess
you could say and I can see the same thing with basketball you know you have to be a
very certain body type to be able to really play competitive basketball but it's the same
reason why people do fantasy football and whatever right Loki? I still think though
they're they're dodging the actual problem with sports games and I'm not even just gonna
limit it to sports games it can be a lot of games that feel that they need to release
a new title in the franchise every year is the fact that they don't change very much
year to year so that still didn't address the fact that when people call it just a roster
update oh okay they tweak a few things to make things more realistic good for you why
does that justify another $60 because I don't really think that you went back to the ground
level and like rebuilt the whole game from scratch I think that you're just tweaking
it a little bit to make it a little bit better but you know what tweaks like that can be
done to older games and then patched in I don't understand why you need to release a
game every year what about the idea of just throwing it out there that sports games set
the bar so to speak that other games end up using like the whole physics and engine being
used in Call of Duty I don't think that they do I mean I've seen it well the guy from electronic
arts said oh oh I'm sorry he's not biased at all you know electronic arts a company
that you know my ton of its money off of sports games and they have some of the largest sports
franchises out there would totally not be skewed towards sports games at all I he's
gonna say well you're right our games aren't very realistic at all I think that every bit
of game research no matter the type of game can benefit for example if you want a realistic
physics for example a sports game actually is a really good judge of doing realistic
physics for example you want to know how fully inflated basketball is going to bounce on
a certain type of floor with a certain type of push you have to program all that in you
know say that you take that into like for example Sims and they do suddenly they have
like you can play basketball and Sims okay but I mean I'm but say that the same time
you take like like an adventure game and you have a puzzle put in with it where you have
to bounce said object off of a certain thing at a certain place what if they took this
physics from a basketball game what if it was vice versa what if basketball game took
the physics from there I think that it's a matter of your perspective I also call bullshit
on the fact that they say that oh our sports games set the bar you know for you know level
of realism and that kind of well if that's the case then you have these wonderful engines
that calculate all these physics and stuff why aren't you using them for other games
oh because you're not because the other game engines work just as well and you know what
I would argue that the physics in those games are set to a realistic level that applies
to the game you don't want super realistic physics for halo you want it to be a little
bit you know unrealistic so that it's fun I mean no one can jump like 50 feet in the
air and stuff like that I mean that there's a little bit of fantasy there but I mean if
they really want super realistic games then why aren't they building no madden in the
crytek engine or unreal 3 or something like that hell there is a you know was it backbreaker
a game that had really realistic physics and that sports game didn't sell very well at
all and I think that you know people yeah I understand there's a lot of people that
oh I can't play real sports so I'm gonna play this game that's fine I can't drive a race
car but I'll still drive you know a car in a game I can't go murder people but also play
you know a game like that let me read some comments from chat because chat rooms lighting
up on the story and I think there's some really excellent comments in the chat room here from
all sides of the spectrum xena core says rob that's bullcrap the updates they do to the
engine are no better than patches you really don't get your money's worth if you keep up
year to year how often do your other examples charge full price for an incremental update
break room and chat says I couldn't play in the NFL because I would pee myself if I saw
some guy like Ray Lewis looking at me like he's gonna kill me he just might kill me every
NFL game I have played has been different in some way sometimes there are slight differences
dark Tetsuya says yeah that's why I love need for speed legally I can't really drive but
I've always grown up loving cars and games like that let me imagine what it's like driving
an expensive car I'll never own really freaking fast it's a really good analogy there break
room also says I love Dragon Quest games and I will buy the next Dragon Quest game how
much of those games really changed well hold on to be fair I mean you do have a whole new
story new characters new environments new maps I mean I don't know if I really follow
the DQ analogy because you know there is they're completely different story here's the thing
I mean and let's let's talk about sports games here NCAA football one of the big updates
this year was all the pregame rituals you know like the the different mascots coming
across the field and in the little tweaks and stuff like that all stuff that you would
say yes let's see the experience but not necessarily the gameplay I don't think that you know the
fact that the mascot looks realistic and does we know whatever the mascot does normally
in the game lends itself to playing a better football game you know that's the kind of
tweaks that they're doing because how much can you really do with gameplay I mean every
now and then yes they go back to the drawing board and they completely rebuild the game
from scratch like NBA elite for example or whatever the hell they're gonna call it when
it comes out in 2012 now that is going back to the drawing board but why did they go back
to the drawing board not because hey you know what we need to make a better game it's because
our game wasn't selling very well and then we made a new game and it really sucked and
so now we have to go back to the drawing board it and you know what yeah you know I'd say
the same thing with you know modern warfare I don't think that they really need to release
a new game each year to their credit though at least there's a new storyline that goes
along with it so there's a little bit something but I mean it's just there's but sports games
though there's not really a necessary you don't need to write a new story for it it's
a sports game and to be interested interestingly enough wrestling I think the the gaming community
rejected music games doing this you know our opinion with DDR and such is a little bit
skewed because those were games you know we really loved but like games like Guitar Hero
failed because the market was too saturated with them Rock Band essentially Harmonix has
said you know what we need to take a break from Rock Band because you know Rock Band
3 unfortunately didn't sell well compared because there were just so many Rock Band
games coming out so I think it's sometimes these yearly update games get rejected by
marketplace anyway I want to read a couple other comments from chat and then go to our
phone lines because I'm sure folks want to call in on this quickly Dark Soccer before
I go to chat okay well I was actually there is an exception to the rule when it comes
to the sports games and I really think it's the wrestling games because those if you keep
up with wrestling it's like soap opera interesting because that's that is the one game I would
not make the exception for but everybody everybody's got an opinion that's fine because like you
know they they change whoever's popular at the time sure you know people you know there's
a face turn or a heel turn and you've got to keep up with storylines and they try to
recreate what it's like watching the show in the games so that makes sense to me all
right let me go to the chairman chat that orange laundry.com for a couple more comments
DDR dollar bill and our charm says I can't drive real cars but doing it online was awesome
oh and flying sims are fantastic you know I gotta say even though I might talk about
and I'll play a lot of sports games I don't play a lot of Madden because I'm not super
into football I don't play a lot of basketball games because I'm not super into it although
it is the sport I probably enjoy more than most others and I do love NBA Jam the old
one I'm not as big on the new one but I'm curious about this whole arcade one they're
putting out you know super high impact but one thing one game I love our racing games
I love a lot of those racing games but I usually like the arcade racers more and I like the
realistic ones like I can't do forza I can't do Gran Turismo but I loved blur I like Mario
Kart I really loved f-zero I will always love f-zero what about Initial D I like Initial
D and I love I really like Wangan Midnight Maximum 2 so you know anyhow let's see also
one other few comments here I love this comment from Tiger Claw sports games have been around
since the first arcade game pong basically tennis interesting interesting point I like
that and then let's see one other comment what I want to say break room says I love
sports games but when I when I have ever tried to play in real sports I was never any good
a skinny white guy doesn't line up well in high school sports but give me a controller
and it's fun to pretend SSU 100 Matt says listen I've been a hockey fan for most of
my life and used to play when I was younger I love the game of hockey so much that I gladly
pay for the yearly update NHL games I enjoy playing the game because it's the closest
I can get to playing with my favorite players and favorite teams than I can possibly ever
get I would gladly play the pay the yearly $60 cost to play the game that I truly enjoy
watching playing and being a fan of I guess we'll leave it at that if you want to send
in your own comments for the future mailbag at orange lounge radio.com meanwhile let's
go to the phones are going to open up the phone line right now 1877 game OLR or our
username on Skype is orange lounge radio now that it works yeah now Skype is all better
now it wasn't really broken last week just for some of dark soccer side projects it was
a little screwy I guess on some of her guest appearances this week but hooray for other
versions of Skype on the PSP and the iPhone and so forth again we're going to go to the
phone here but while we wait for the calls to come in I will ask Loki quickly if he has
any last minute stories he wants to share with us I don't know if there's anything that
came up I don't think it was a very busy news week we might have hit one at all it wasn't
there is a maybe there may have been one thing or two that we hadn't hit up on I'm trying
to remember the hell they were though looking it up real quick here let's see I know there
is something that we missed again 1877 game OLR or his name on Skype is orange lounge
radio maybe maybe you know the story that Loki missed all right it's coming up I have
a story what actually I do have a last minute story but we'll wait till after this call
yeah let's do the call hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this yo guys it's Enoch
or from the OKC how y'all doing hey Zina core how's it how's it going in the OKC man I'm
pissed off man I went and went off to work I set my DVR to record the World Cup and of
course to stop recording right before the shootout although I know how it ended I didn't
get to see how it ended oh my god you miss you miss the the like it's so funny about
soccer games that come down to that is like that like whole like five minutes is like
the entire game right there that sucks it gets right before they start running out on
the field and it's like this is the end of recording it's like oh you bastard I'll kill
you sorry to hear it well how is OKC these days that's the city I haven't been to since
I was 17 it's hot man I feel like going through the whole good morning Vietnam rant about
it being too hot in Vietnam but I'll tell you the truth but you know after you've been
in 130 100 is nothing all right like I guess we should bring it back to games though so
what's on your mind about the gaming world today I've been sort of preparing for Dark
Souls the best way I can that's why putting Demon's Souls back in my machine that's a
game I need to go back and play more of Demon's Souls is so unkind though that game is that
game is just not nice well this time I'm backing myself up with the wiki so the the Demon's
Soul wiki they put so much information that thing is ridiculous so now I there's a plan
what now I have to do is survive it why why do you want to play a game like I'm being
devil's advocate of course why do you want to play a game like Demon's Souls because
that game is too fucking hard are you a masochist sir no because you have to struggle to truly
achieve anything and most of the games nowadays just hang you the ending on a silver platter
oh snap all you have to do is oh I played it for 50 hours I'm almost near the end now
there's no challenge in it you don't have to get better at the game to see the ending
sir I think that might have been a dig at Final Fantasy I'm not quite sure no this is
gaming in general man I'm covering the whole scope that's true that's true it's like I
went back and started playing some old school select even like Star Fox 64 it has a certain
requirement of skill in order to finish it you know granted that game is a you know a
corridor shooter so there's some skill required but you can't just sit there and flip and
smash buttons and get through it you actually have to pay attention to what you're doing
and learn how to play the game so what do you hope they improve on in the next integration
of the souls series hmm I think the only thing they could really improve on is maybe like
if they didn't if they could get the whole environment into one gigantic street streaming
level like just a big ass castle so that way although you can teleport to different areas
of the castle you can actually walk the whole thing from one thing to the other that would
actually be kind of cool oh god I you calling and asking about that game makes me really
want to go back and play it because I'll tell you I didn't get very far even though I spent
hours yeah you got to talk to panda she's the out of everybody in the all games community
I could think of she's probably the one person I know of that's actually finished it wow
finished yeah she's got a character like this is like level 120 or something so you know
you have to put some time in to get a character that high yeah that's that's dedication that's
indication well anything else in your mind this week uh no just that and that whole thing
about the uh the the incremental updating for uh the sports games I mean if it was on
a pc you just get patches now and again for all that information I mean granted the fans
who want to pay it just so they can have the updated team rosters that's fine but they
just be just as happy if they got it in a patch isn't a lot of that crap also dlc uh
it could be dlc too like for instance yeah an updated roster cost you three bucks or
whatever they wouldn't have to release a whole new game it would be nothing but profit they
wouldn't have to reprint or anything else like that you know now that the dlc has been
pushed out there I could see them easily doing that but I don't think they want to like the
exact most of the executives will do don't mess with the money you know so keep it coming
the way they're used to paying for it and maybe we can keep that money coming in the
way we want it all right all right so well I'm gonna let you go so we can get some more
calls but thanks for your call no problem guys all right take it easy take care buddy
show stay stay in the shade all right one eight seven seven game olr or his name on
skype is orange on his radio let me get to another call it's uh ringing ringing back
to back tonight so let's get another call hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
hello you're on orange on his radio you there oh hi hi how are you who's this uh this is
um zither from the chat zither you must be afraid I recognize your name but I think you're
also a first-time caller right yeah a first-time caller long-time listener first-time caller
yeah awesome what's on your mind is either oh I was just um you guys were talking about
um one gun maximum tune yes and that was really I was really hyped for that because um I've
been following it ever since it was um announced and they had the trailer put out and the music
already sounds really good I mean the trailer just has like a little like mix of the various
songs but it's it sounds fantastic I really hope they release like a soundtrack cd for
it oh like they did the other games yeah those soundtracks are awesome have you ever actually
driven to those soundtracks um yeah actually I did I used to drive from high school and
back while listening to it and how fast did you go didn't make me drive faster though
okay because I'll tell you some of that music makes me just want to drive faster I will
say nothing about the la trips yes yeah and um oh yeah have you have any of you guys played
the um the ps2 game the wanggun ps2 game it was like um Tokyo extreme racer kind of I
have not there was one on playstation 3 that loki imported but it was it was not like the
arcade games at all it was kind of bad actually what was the one it was wangin midnight just
wangin midnight wangin midnight was the one there actually was one on the ps2 and it was
released in the arcades as wangin midnight are and it was basically like a um uh Tokyo
extreme racer type game and the music in it was different from like the standard trance
music it was more orchestral but it was by the same guy yuzo koshiro so well yeah and
yuzo koshiro he knows his orchestral stuff too uh he did the music for the game actraiser
on the super nintendo which is one of the greatest soundtracks ever produced it's it's
amazing my favorite yeah so he's a he's a very he's a very talented guy this stuff for
streets of rage is awesome too of course oh yeah of course of course can't talk about
yuzo koshiro not bring that game up did you get the streets of rage remix yeah I did get
the remake before um Sega took it down it was I I loved it yeah um I actually played
the um played it with a computer player helping me out and I forgot to turn off the damage
between players so I ended up hitting the computer player more often than I ended up
hitting the enemies nice last time I played streets of rage was on the sonics mega genesis
collection or whatever for the xbox 360 no I have the ps3 one actually and it's got like
streets of rage one two and three so it's a great deal and along with a shit ton of
other genesis games it's great so yeah all right well any other games we should be looking
out for this week um no nothing else I was just calling about one gun because I'm a pretty
big fan of that and initial d initial d love it hey those those are the games like that
are kind of keeping some arcades afloat right now with actual arcades as opposed to kitty
gambling like you go to the local golf land here those are really the only games that
made me stop and go oh I kind of want to actually spend money on this game because there's so
much crap now you know that spit out tickets and so forth so the sad thing is um the newer
initial d games like versions five and six they have not gotten like proper english versions
because um sega just probably just gave up on localizing them and sad well the good news
is the playstation 3 is region free so hopefully this new uh game that they're releasing in
the arcades maybe we'll get a decent home version of it even if it's only in japan at
least we can import it over here yeah I've been considering getting a ps3 because of
the initial d game I've watched all of the anime pretty much it's fantastic you are really
into these games then if you've gone so far as to watch the anime that's pretty cool yeah
all right we gotta let you go to get some more calls but thanks so much for your call
all right all right have a good one buddy and here's a hint don't go driving down a
baron freeway to the soundtracks one of those games because you you might not uh realize
how fast you're going dark soccer let me have you work in your story real quick here before
I go back to the phone okay um the story is actually that the creator of vvvv made a super
meat boy tribute sort of he did a super meat boy flash game that's in the style of his
own game vvvv so um it's actually available at distractionware.com slash games slash flash
slash meat boy and he says it's only a couple of screens long and very broken I can't wait
for the next t meat game just saying let's go to the phones and take another call hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this hi yeah this is spazzinator hey spazzinator what's
on your mind buddy uh a couple things actually um uh two talks on what we were talking about
a few months ago with uh the whole ea constantly releasing new games yeah every well and in
fact you had mentioned I believe why don't they just release yearly patches uh instead
of releasing new games uh to to use that analogy this uh I'll ask a rhetorical question how
much uh did dark soccer pay for the you know the 4.2 patch in world of warcraft nothing
right right nothing well you know that uh that uh that uh you know that kind of illustrates
the point that really you can't really charge for patches well they can update you know
update uh mad in 20 billion times you know with patches spazzinator let me play devil's
you can't really make 60 off spazzing maybe but let me play devil's advocate here for
a minute though you could say that she got the patches free but you could also say she's
paying 14.95 a month to get the patch because you know mmo's are kind of their own little
beast because you do pay a subscription fee for most of them now granted some are free
to play but they just make their money in other ways yeah yeah true uh perhaps I really
picked a really poor example for my analogy that's right you know but um kind of uh well
you even if you had uh let's say uncharted one you know the the patch analogy would apply
because there's no monthly charge for uncharted but right uh but yeah now if they were to
release you know the yearly increments and mad and on on desk you know with uh you know
that and then yeah they can make their 60 bucks every single time you know it's kind
of like uh I you know why uh kill the gold you know the goose that's laying the golden
eggs or at least gimp it anyway when they can keep it nice and healthy and get all the
golden eggs you know well it's kind of like making sequels to movies you know they don't
release those for free so uh yeah I don't know yes yeah well you know one final note
before I do uh let you go and sure so you can take uh just a quick update as to what's
going on with my playstation 3 thing I know everyone's kind of asking about it so um well
right now getting repairs temporarily on hold if uh if only because uh because of uh bureaucratic
red tape with uh my social security disability payees office work uh offices uh I can't put
in a request for the extra funds for like two weeks ago you know two weeks ago so it's
always a money issue right now just just uh real life economical money stuff yeah and
basically yeah yeah yeah uh you know apparently I need to do you know I have her do some paperwork
and I have to sign data they got taken care of this past Friday but to be fair these are
these are all things that have nothing to do with Sony to be fair these are all yeah
so yeah but you know but you know you know and to make a long story short hopefully I'll
have the money uh to have it repaired this week and once I get the money I'll get the
ball rolling on having it repaired but all right well you'll have to let us know how
that repair process goes once you get that taken care of so all right well fascinating
we're gonna let you go to get some more calls but thank you for your thoughts have a good
one and good luck with the uh playstation drama bye 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on skype
is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call we'll talk uh meanwhile does anyone
else have uh other stories you want to talk about tonight I do want to say that I've put
some more stuff up on our tumblr including guns ending in Tekken 3 and some of the playthrough
of Tekken force mode you should also uh do do me a favor and put up the uh recorder video
that we had talked about earlier in the show if you didn't already do such a thing thank
you that'd be nice meanwhile I guess we have time for one more call so let's go back to
the whoa there is feedback hi caller can you hear me okay gotta let you go buddy I am sorry
can you check your connection echo one two three remember is a good thing to call sorry
that was I apologize to listeners those drive me bonkers a little bit out of my control
though I was trying to the call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey what's
up guys this is sky judo hey guys you know what's on your mind buddy and I just want
to say I just want to make two points um as far as the um the uh sports games just being
an update roster type of thing yeah um I'm not I'm not the biggest sports game player
I mean every once in a while I'll pick up uh the NBA 2k series you know just because
I like that series but what I do notice when I do pick it up maybe it's just because I
wait a couple of years before I pick it up they do add a lot more to the game especially
on the multiplayer side like right now in um the NBA games you can actually play like
you and four other uh people can actually play five other people online like you'll
be like one entire basketball team and you could go up against another team of five which
I think is great I wish they would put that in a baseball game actually have uh nine versus
mine in a baseball game I don't know why they haven't done that yet I'm pretty sure they
can do it but um you know they they they're pretty innovative is basically what I'm saying
is that they they do add stuff other than just updating the roster you know what's interesting
though is I do notice a common theme between what you're saying between what Matt's saying
and between what I think I'm gonna say for us and our support of DDR over the years even
when a lot of people didn't get it and that is you know in chat uh SJ100Matt said you
know I pay 60 bucks a year gladly because I love hockey and this is how I get close
to hockey and and for you it just sounds like you know it's replace basketball with hockey
and for you even though the rest of us might look at it and go they don't even update anything
in those games you look at it and go oh my god there's all these awesome new features
that make it more realistic am I kind of right here that maybe not everyone gets it because
not everyone is necessarily a huge fan whereas we look at DDR and we go oh but they've introduced
now you can do marvelous as opposed to perfect as well and it's a new thing and you know
not everybody gets that yeah yeah it just has to be a thing you just have to be into
it to really notice that you know the some of the subtle differences and the major differences
that they do make in a game so they do they do improve the game a lot so um yeah the update
about something is kind of like a crazy argument and the other thing I want to point out was
uh sports games do actually have a story I mean you you have to create the story on your
own you know just basically using your own imagination kind of like an old D&D tabletop
type of a game but um there is story I mean especially I can remember playing uh you know
like Madden back in the early 90s when I was in my teens playing Madden right and me and
my friends had stories we had rivalries going we had tournaments going you know it was like
interesting you know we yeah yeah you know we were playing with a lot of emotion behind
those games you know because you know so and so beat my ass last week so now I gotta come
back and beat their ass and you know it's it's just a lot of fun to play yeah you don't
want to fucking lose yeah exactly yeah all right those are yeah those are my two points
awesome well good I think those are fair points I'm waiting on my prize I guess uh you know
what happened we got a little slowed down I have it sitting here and Loki has to sign
it because we got folks uh he ran out last week before I had a chance to have him sign
it but we're hoping to get that out to you Monday or Tuesday so look out for it all right
all right thank you all right good night take care buddy bye of course if you weren't listening
a couple weeks ago he won the uh bootleg that I got for my birthday uh I uh you have to
go back and listen I think it was what two weeks ago here on the show that we talked
about the whole uh Child of Eden that came from China that ended up being a bootleg of
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood and PAL and I said you know what I'm just gonna give this
to a listener I don't want it so I'm gonna give it to a listener I guess we could do
one more call I'm feeling generous tonight we could do one more quick call so let's go
to the lines and see what we end up with oh my god I hear it again caller are you there
okay I can't I can't it sounds like the emergency broadcast system I'm so sorry but I just I
can't all right that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight if you uh want to uh send
in your thoughts send us an email at mailbag at orangelandtrader.com or you can uh of course
always leave us a voicemail or what have you we try to get to those throughout the week
as well or send us a tweet twitter.com slash o l r all right in the meantime we're gonna
go around and get everybody's final thought before we wrap things up tonight so uh Loki
what's your final thought my final thought is I'm tired all right and uh Dark Soccer
your final thought tonight going is pretty funny and my final thought tonight is um even
though I had a quesadilla today now I want a taco I want the complete Mexican food day
that's what I want Jimmy Chunga all right that's gonna do it for another week here of
Orange Launch Radio thank you guys so much for tuning in and staying up late with us
if you're listening live or letting us be a part of your work day or or evening or whatever
it is you do when you listen to the show on the podcast feed thank you just for spending
the time with us and getting through all two and a half three hours of our show we really
appreciate the support over the years all we ask again we don't put advertising in our
show we're not a big company we don't have a huge website you know we're not a big gaming
magazine's mouth or what have you all we ask just tell a couple people about the show help
spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio that's how we've done it over the years and
have built our family up that's probably how you found out about o l r was by somebody
else so please help us spread the word otherwise we'll be back to do it all again next week
another episode of Orange Lounge Radio with the latest in gaming news and most importantly
your thoughts because it is the show where every gamer has a voice have a good night
everybody we'll see you next time you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge
Radio is an Orange Lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday
nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com
but we're probably right anyway see you next week.
