Tonight, July 3rd, 2011, online videos may soon make you a criminal, Nintendo spends
big bucks on a new facility, and an early build of an anticipated 360 game leaks to
the internet.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com as we are every Sunday night at 6 o'clock
Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts,
first off, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Mar.
How are you?
Mar mar mar.
Mars?
Are you offering me a Mars bar?
No.
I love British chocolate.
I was thinking, well you can get a Snickers Dark and it's the same thing.
I was, it just popped into my head about Seaman.
Mar mar mar.
One of the things a little Seaman says.
So you're thinking about Seaman at the top of the show.
Man.
Okay, I see.
I also say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
Good.
All right.
Well, we're going to get into, of course, all the good stuff we like to do at the top
of the show.
How was your gaming week and so forth.
But I'm going to start off tonight's show with a bang and it's going to be in our chat
room, chat.orangelaunge, if I even knew our website, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
I'm going to give away one of my birthday presents right here, live on air, starting
off the show tonight because I love the listeners that much.
I'm going to share my birthday with you guys.
It's an Xbox 360 game, so I'm going to give it to one of you guys in chat.
So all I need you to do is whoever wants it in the chat room, say, I want Rob's 360 game.
You just type that out.
I want Rob's 360 game.
You only say it once.
If you say it more than once, you've disqualified yourself.
At the end, we'll pick a number one through whatever of how many of you said, I want Rob's
360 game.
And we are going to give it away right here at the top of the show this week.
I'll tell you more about what it is after our gaming week.
See, that's what we do is a little thing called a radio tease.
It's yours.
It's not yours.
I can say with a clean conscience is not yours.
It is something I received from my birthday on the 360 and I'm giving it away, but you
know what?
We're a sweeten the pot a little bit.
Not only are we going to give it away, I'm going to sign it.
So is Dark Soccer and Loki.
So it's going to be like a autographed sign it with my butt and Dark Soccer will sign
it with her butt.
No.
All right.
Yep.
Give it away.
Give it away now.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's start off.
How was your gaming week?
I, um, played WoW.
I got 50 mounts today, so now I have an albino drake.
So it has a skin condition and, uh, that's about it.
Next.
Lol.
You're addicted to WoW.
Your fault.
All right.
Uh, then Loki, how was your gaming week?
Have you been playing anything like that's not WoW?
Of course I haven't been playing WoW, because I don't get WoW and nor would I want to play
WoW.
Um, no, I played more Grand Theft Auto this week, um, same old stuff.
And then of course Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon, because it's awesome.
I got that early this week and was able to play through quite a bit of it and, um, I'm
happy to say it exceeds my expectations in every possible way.
It is, it's just basically, you know, a very polished version of, like, Earth Defense Force
2017, um, done in the U.S. and, you know, they've taken a lot of stuff that people like
from other shooters and stuff kind of incorporated into the game.
Um, everything seems to be more action-packed, missions seem a little bit longer, and, um,
it's just, it's very fun.
And the multiplayer over the internet's actually pretty fun.
I've been playing a few games, uh, because I picked up a few copies of it, um, between
my coworkers and it was pretty cool.
Tried to play some games over the weekend, though, and was unable to connect to my other
coworker that has it, but, uh, yeah, I'm definitely digging this game and highly recommend you
pick it up.
I mean, it's, depending on where you go, it may be out yesterday or out on Tuesday, um,
there's an interesting story behind that, too.
But, yeah, so, it's, it's really fun, um, you know, graphics and sound are pretty good,
uh, I mean, especially when you're comparing them to Earth Defense Force, you know, the
first one, it's just night and day, um, I mean, there's a little bit of slowdown, some
of your AI are kind of dumb, but they're actually, uh, pretty smart this time around, they actually
do a lot of work and they don't die as, you know, quite often, because you have a three-man
team the entire time, whether it be with players or AI, and, uh, the different suits you can
try out, those are kind of cool, um, but overall, it's just a great, great game, and I really,
I love playing, in fact, I'll be playing some of it during the show, because that's what
I do.
Uh, be careful, though, you don't want to stream it anywhere to the internet, because
you might get arrested for that, but we'll get into that later in the show.
So, how does this game outshine the original?
How's it outshine the original?
Well, the original was really, really, really buggy, and just really cheap, but it was fun
because you're fighting a bunch of different things all at once.
This one kind of ramps up everything, the graphics are better, um, you know, the detail
in the game, like destroying buildings and stuff, it's not just, you know, kind of breaking
apart and falling, I mean, they still do that, but there's a lot more ways you can interact,
it breaks up the gameplay quite a bit, um, you know, you have the standard just running
around shooting stuff, and then you have, like, parts where you're in a, you know, drop
ship and you're manning, uh, you know, auto cannons off the side of that, or you're inside
of a turret, or you're in the mechs, which, by the way, the rideable vehicles that they
have in this game aren't terrible, like the first game, where they had just these mechs
that moved super fucking slow, and were weak, and you just, it was kind of pointless to
be inside of them, um, but this time, though, the mechs are actually pretty awesome, uh,
the tank is really cool, and the turrets are pretty fun to play around with, uh, sound
is actually really good in it, um, I thought, you know, it was just really action packed,
um, just all the missions, seeing the, like, oh, here, you're gonna be attacked by these
things, oh, and now here's this thing coming in, oh, and some drop ships just came in,
and they're gonna be, uh, making your life hell, it's just, it's really overwhelming,
and, uh, yet without being too difficult, and although I am playing on the normal mode
right now, because I'm starting everything off normal, then going through the hard, and
then the inferno, which is just insane, um, it is ramping up difficulty pretty fast, and,
uh, you know, that's the thing, in each mission, whereas the first game, the missions were
pretty short, and they had, like, 73 of them, this one, the missions have different, like,
waypoints, different, um, things going on, and as, uh, they have, kind of, the game broken
up in the chapters with different, uh, bits of the story going on, uh, like, right now,
this part, I'm retrieving a package with it, ended up being some sort of alien bomb, and
then I had to take out some sort of queen ant thing, and that's where I died last, but,
uh, it's just, it's very, very action packed.
Let's go to our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, the ever present, present fourth guest here
on Orange Launch Radio, uh, sha100matt says, I played Earth Defense Force 2 at PAX East,
and it really just reminded me of the next gen version of the N64 game of Body Harvest.
I sadly didn't like it as much as Loki likes it.
Uh, Brakeman says, wait, what's going on here?
Loki actually likes a game?
So you don't...
I like games all the time.
This isn't really one that you hear about a lot, though, and clearly you're biased towards
this series, you really enjoyed the first one, you like this, you're not being paid
under the table by these folks, right?
No.
And you actually spilled the news on this a long time ago, didn't you?
Yes.
I seem to recall.
Because I, I look for this, I'm like, whooo, whooo, whooo, whooo.
You're the only one who cares.
Exactly.
I was like, this is kinda...
Why do you think you, you know, and, and that happens in gaming sometimes.
Sometimes we like a game that nobody else sees to like for unexplainable reasons.
Why are you so drawn to this freaking game?
It's just fun.
It's, it's kinda taking games back to where, what the focus should be in any game.
It's not about the great, great graphics or, you know, making sure everything's cinematic
and has a great story.
It's all about being fun.
And that's what this is.
This is basically like a popcorn action flick or something like that.
The story, yeah, there's somewhat of a story there, but who gives a shit?
It's just, you know, just there to move, move the game up.
Yeah, exactly.
It's basically, you know, you're going crazy, there's all these, you know, different bugs
coming, and they even poke fun at everything, I mean, because they're like, they're all
yes.
This, because they call the aliens Ravagers, they're all, yes, this Ravager we've named
Daddy Longlegs because it looks like a Daddy Longlegs spider.
He's like, I know, it's our intelligence doesn't have a better name for it, but, you know,
that's what we're calling it.
And they have like a, there was a part where I got picked up by this one, this one dropship
in the pilot.
He's just being, doing all the like really typical, and yes, off to the left, you'll
see here, there's a giant swarm of enemy, you know, and it's attacking, and you'll notice
that our, that we'll be cruising at an altitude of, you know, it just like, the really-
That's kind of like Starship Troopers.
It is very much like Starship Troopers, just without all the, you know, propaganda in there.
I mean, it's very, I don't know, it's fun.
If you tried the first game and you thought, oh my god, this game is like a piece of shit
as far as, you know, and granted, the first game had no physics whatsoever.
I mean, you could fall from a helicopter in space and land on the ground and be just fine.
I mean, there is no anything.
And you know, the spaceships, when they crash, they just kind of slowly sink through the
ground and you could be in the path of one of them and it just clips right through you
and stuff.
Well, this one, I mean, the actual ships when they crash, I mean, they will take out buildings
and they will, they explode and they will possibly kill you if you're too close to it.
Or like the enemy kind of spaceships that are flying around, if you're shooting them
and they get damaged enough, they will actually try to kamikaze into you and try to destroy
you that way.
But it's just, it's ridiculous fun.
That's all it is.
It's a great game.
And really, I mean, when you look at it in the month of July, there's not a lot coming
out anyways.
If you're not a fan of football, then you're left with Harry Potter and Call of Juarez,
you know, the cartel.
What you hear is kind of terrible.
Tigerclaw in our chat room says, at least it's not Grand Theft Auto IV, which is all
he ever plays.
You know what?
True that.
I'm excited to hear Loki give an in-depth review to something else on the show for once.
All right.
So Dan just walked in without a mic interrupting the show saying that Shadows of the Damned
is fucking hilarious.
It is a fun game.
I've, I've heard this is kind of a, I haven't played it at all, but I've heard it's kind
of fun too.
It's amazing.
It's a road trip movie, a road trip movie game in hell, basically.
It's like very Grindhouse-ish, but it's just, I don't know, insane.
This is why people want to ban these games.
All right.
Uh, let's move on to my gaming week.
First off, before I get to the contest, which I know you're all eagerly awaiting to see
who won the contest, let me tell you about my gaming week because I did play some new
games this week.
First game I'm going to tell you about.
On a whim, I was at Fry's the other day because I had to buy a new headset for my computer
because my fat ass sat down on my old ones.
Don't ask how I do that, but uh, yeah, I bought a new headset, but I saw on the shelf for
40 bucks, I saw a copy of Dance Dance Revolution on the Xbox 360, which is the brand new one.
This is the reboot, quote unquote, of DDR.
They had the brand new game and dance pad for 40 bucks and I was like, well, you know,
how bad could this possibly be?
I like DDR.
I, you know, obviously, OLR was built on DDR and all that, so why not?
I'm going to buy this game.
And I took it home and played it for a little while and I was sad because it is horrible.
It is a step backward for the genre.
It is just a terrible, terrible version of DDR.
It is, and big parts of that I can really blame on the song list.
Um, you know, I was excited when I read the back of the box and saw that Lady Gaga was
in it and yes, there is a Gaga song in it and that's pretty cool.
Then there's some of the Japanese DDR songs that you've come to expect, except I would
say 75 percent of them were Naoki or one of his other incarnations, which, you know, back
when Max, Max 2, Extreme, all of that was out, it wasn't so dominated by Naoki.
I mean, granted, he's always been a huge presence in DDR, but not this bad.
But then you look at some of the other licensed songs they pick.
I kid you not.
There's a Leona Lewis song in there because when I think dance, I think a slow jam by
Leona Lewis.
There was a train song in there, I think Drops of Jupiter or something, I don't know.
I can't even remember the names of their songs.
They all sound the same to me, the guy whines like he has a vagine.
And then the song that just made me want to crinkle up my dance pad and throw it out the
window, Need You Now by Lady Antebellum.
That's right, that slow jam song, country, western music somehow is appropriate for DDR.
And I was just like, I died inside.
So the song list is terrible.
The interface is set up like a, what?
No wonder it was 30 bucks.
It was 40.
You overpaid.
What's that?
You overpaid.
I like this.
Islander in our chat says, was Rob trying to sign his computer headphones with his butt?
Apparently, apparently.
I mean, it's not just the song list that's offensive, but the interface is just crap.
Like there's really nothing to it.
The videos are just very generic videos.
They didn't even like, it's just like, they didn't even try.
And when you put this game next to the universe games on DDR, which granted at the time they
came out, were just kind of okay.
Now you don't realize how good those fucking games were compared to this.
Like I actually, I've got the most value out of this game using the dance pad because my
old one was long destroyed.
I've been using the dance pad to go back and play DDR universe one and two.
That is what I've been using.
I have two of those dance pads that are still folded up.
I never actually use them.
They're still folded up in my closet because I got, way back in the day when we actually
used to get free shit from publishers at my work.
I got a couple of the dance bundles and I played the games and yeah, I didn't really
care for them.
I sold those.
I kept the dance pads because hey, you never know when you might need a dance pad or might
need to hack one apart to, you know, make a DDR heart pad.
Yeah, I'm going to our chat, my chat that orange knows radio.com.
I have an issue with websites tonight.
Tiger class says, so what sky is trying to say, DDR three 60 is an abomination.
Uh, yes.
And don't forget, this is the same game that's on the PS three only.
It has moved support.
So whoopee, you get to wave your arms to wait, wait, but this has vision camera support.
If it does, I don't know where it is because I didn't see an option for it.
I thought that does the connect not read the same way as a vision cam.
Yes, it should.
They should.
If it's in there, I didn't find it, I really didn't give a shit.
Um, and it's also on the Wii.
And here's the hilarious part.
If you look up videos of the Wii version, the Wii version actually kind of looks like
the arcade versions.
I'm saying the Wii versions interface looks better than the three 60 and presumably PS
three versions.
So you explain that one to me, all these weird combo things that are supposed to add points.
I didn't even understand.
And then the mode where you unlock stuff is the club mode, which is just nonstop mode.
So that the songs come nonstop and occasionally the difficulty will just randomly change in
the song or the arrows will move faster, slower.
And then unexplainably, the way you unlock songs is you gain meters on songs that you
do well in.
But if you miss steps, then you don't get as much because the difficulty would, I can't
even fucking explain it.
Like this game is just poopy, poopy, caca, terrible.
And it makes me sad as somebody who liked DDR so much.
It is time for the Dance Dance Revolution franchise to be revoked from Konami.
They no longer deserve to have that franchise based on this game.
I truly believe that somehow some divine being needs to come into Konami.
I don't know how this happens, but somehow there needs to be a legal decision.
The Supreme court should be involved in a seven, two decision to revoke DDR from Konami.
Yes.
I realize they're a Japanese company.
I don't care.
It's like somehow that needs to happen where they are no longer allowed to make Dance Dance
Revolution.
Give it to me.
I'll, I'll, I'll, you know, clothe it, you know, take it in, give it some shelter.
So anyhow, by the way, by the way, while I was playing that random nonstop mode, guess
what awesome DDR jam started playing?
Like, yeah.
Uh, because you know, sometimes there's, um, you know, there's these, there's the, the
American songs you would expect to cross over, like some of the eighties classics, like,
uh, you know, walk like an Egyptian and so forth.
But Oh man, I just couldn't believe my ears.
I always thought this was such a, uh, great dance song and I've always wanted to play
this in DDR step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, die.
Who is this?
Oh, I don't listen to her because when I hear this song, I think DDR.
Okay.
And I think about anti-abortionists because it's called dance dance revolution.
That's not dance music.
You can't do anything other than slow dance to it.
Are you gonna see someone break out into like some sort of, you know, break dance routine
to that shit?
No, you can't.
You can't dance to it cause it's too fucking slow.
Low key.
Hold me tight and we'll dance to battlefield.
It's the four player mode.
Hold each other's hands.
Oh, Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Did that have like, was it the quality?
Why does love feel like a battlefield?
Now?
Did they have the new pads with the eight arrows or some garbage?
It's the exact same fucking pad that came with the universe.
Like clearly the surplus that got sent back to Konami headquarters was just packaged in
this game.
All right.
Break man in our chat room.
What the fuck is going on tonight?
Loki likes games, sky is angry and dark soccer is quiet.
I like games all the time.
Have you heard me talk negative about saints road the third, grand theft auto, uh, motor
store apocalypse, um, I'm sure there's other games in there that I liked.
So I, in our chat room, uh, we have free- And, and, and this goes back a few mixes ago,
but what is the fucking abomination that is the new dynamite rave?
What the fuck is that?
I'm not even going to, I'm not even going to try.
Uh, we also have Frisbee.
I'm sorry.
Was it Frisbee?
Yeah.
Frisbee in our chat room says, this is like Kelly Clarkson in supernova PlayStation two.
Well, I'm so glad you brought that up because guess what?
Another one of those awesome songs in the track list is
At least that's danceable at least like that one didn't, I mean, lover or a hater, at least
you can kind of dance to that.
That one.
Not so terrible, but come on.
It's, it's all right to have like one of those songs in there, but not, I get that the songs
like that to cross over to mainstream audience.
That's fine.
I don't have a problem with that song being in DDR, but like the Jordan sparks and Leona
Lewis.
And I like Leona Lewis when I'm feeling sad, anyhow, let me talk about a game that was
a much better investment.
As you know, going on right now, steam is having a sale.
Uh, there's tons and tons of stuff that's discounted on steam right now.
One of the games I grabbed on sale was bit trip runner was $2 and 50 cents on steam.
Um, somehow I stepped into the twilight zone where that's the game I should have paid $40
for and DDR was worth about $2 and 50 cents because bit trip runner is cool.
And like, I wasn't expecting a whole lot of out of this game cause you know, bit trip
beat was neat, but it kind of like the shtick got old pretty fast.
So the whole pong thing, um, but I liked bit trip runner a lot.
Like it really reminds me of an old school 2,600 game, like what it would look like today
with the chip to music, very simple controls, but a lot of that whole kind of repetition
about how to learn to beat a level and, and, uh, I even throwbacks to the classic Atari
console with the whole, uh, bonus levels looking like pitfall complete with a noisy television.
Like if you've ever tried to hook up, uh, on an old TV with the RF switch, you get that
noise in there mixed with your game.
Like I just loved the way it looked like a bit trip runner was a great deal.
For two 50, I played more of that game than I did the $40 DDR game.
Just say him.
So bit trip runner, I endorsed that game, especially if you could call it a music game
cause yeah, it involves chip tunes, but to me that's kind of the niche that makes it
that much more awesome.
Like to me, it's just like a classic Atari game.
What it would look like today, just the chip tune element makes it attractive to those
that maybe don't always care for the simplistic games, if that makes sense.
So, um, let's see, anything else I played this week?
I checked out some demos.
I don't always like to review games based on the demos, but I'll quickly say I checked
out the 32nd hero super mega Neo climax, uh, game on the Xbox 360.
I own the PSP version of that.
So I wanted to see what it looked like on 360.
I like how the 360 has the completely different art modes that look completely different.
They have the cell shaded hand drawn mode, which is pretty cool, but they also have the
retro mode, which looks more like the PSP version or an eight bit Nintendo classic.
So that, that was pretty cool.
Um, let's see, uh, and, um, what was the other demo I played?
Oh, Galaga legions DX.
I think I'm going to buy that one.
That one was really cool.
That was kind of like geometry wars with the whole Pac-Man championship edition elements
in it with the music and everything.
Cause by the same team, if I'm not mistaken, but it played a little more like geometry
wars, but it doesn't play like the old Galaga games at all.
So I thought that was kind of neat.
Going to our chat room at a chat dot orange lounge, radio.com, uh, Izzam in our chat room
says bit trip is more rhythm puzzle than anything else.
Yeah, I could see that I rhythm puzzle, I think is a good way to describe it.
Um, let's see, uh, going into our chat room, uh, black Wolf says, Hey, that's not the Glee
version.
That sucks.
And break man says, I hear Glee versions of songs every time I go to target.
Yeah.
That's the other awesome music franchise.
The Konami is doing right now.
Glee karaoke revolution.
Awesome.
But you know what?
I, it sells for them, I guess.
I mean, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know either.
All right.
So I bet you all are dying to know more about, um, the game that I'm giving away here on
the program.
Uh, at the top of the show, I said, uh, who wants to win my birthday present?
And we are going to give that away, but to tell us more about, uh, the birthday present,
uh, I'm going to call the person who bought it for me.
And this is my significant other salacious pop that we're going to bring on the line.
Yes, that's right.
I'm giving away the present that my significant other bought for me.
And we're gonna talk about why.
Um, he actually ordered a copy of a child of Eden for me online.
And I want to talk about why we are giving away once it arrived, while we're giving it
away.
Hi.
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing all right.
All right.
So we're giving away a game on tonight's show and it's a present you bought me for my birthday.
Now you went to buy me a copy of child of Eden, right?
Yes.
All right.
So tell the listeners about how we get from your buying me child of Eden on my birthday
to me giving away my present here on the show.
Well, I decided that that was definitely what you needed to get for your birthday.
So I went on a hunt online to try and find it at a good price because I wasn't really
prepared to, um, you know, drop the 60 bones or whatever it costs at target.
So I checked out Amazon and a bunch of other sites and I just wasn't happy with, you know,
how, uh, what they were offering it for.
So I ended up, uh, through Google shopping.
I ended up on eBay and I'm sure already some people in studio might know where this story
is going.
Um, I found a lot of retailers with tens of thousands of feedback, positive score that
I could have got it from, but I found this one sort of dog and pony show seller with
a feedback score of five or six, um, selling child of Eden and a bunch of other games like
halo reach and you know, Madden 11 and a bunch of other stuff new, um, shrink wrapped in
America for what I thought was a good price.
And at least it was a feedback of one or higher.
It wasn't some new eBay account, right?
It was like, yeah, it was five, um, which is still pretty low for the fact that they
have like 80 auctions running at once.
So I was like, all right, I am going to give this a shot and I sell a ton of stuff on eBay
and I take it very seriously.
So I think I kind of projected the fact that I'm a legit EJ seller onto this stranger person.
So um, I buy it and three days later when I get my tracking number, I see that for one
I noticed that they closed their account.
So they've unregistered from eBay and their feedback score is now zero.
Um, and I look at the tracking number and it is from China and anyone who ever orders
anything on eBay knows that if your item comes from China, it is a counterfeit.
It's a bootleg because the piracy market over in China and Taiwan is millions and millions
of dollars of counterfeit titles.
So I was like, well shit, it's going to take this game three weeks to get to me and it's
obviously fake.
So uh, it arrived on Thursday, I open it and here's the punchline.
Yes, it is a counterfeit.
Obviously it's, it's, I'm surprised at how good the quality is, but it's not good enough.
Like you can tell like, wow, they, they printed this on a very high quality, expensive color
laser printer.
Yeah, it definitely looks like a color copy like, but, but it's very, it's, it's very
high quality.
But if you look closely, you can just, you can just kind of see that ink, inkjet, little
dotting, you know, you know what I mean?
If you ever look at an original and an inkjet side by side, you can tell the difference.
Yeah.
So, um, it obviously it's a counterfeit and if you look at the underside of the disc,
you can see that it's, you know, like a DVD are that they, you know, just bought a huge
spindle of them.
But the game wasn't even a counterfeit child of Eden.
It was a counterfeit pal edition.
So they bootlegged the European version of Assassin's Creed brotherhood.
So it's a bootleg game from China that the pal version whammy number two, that's the
wrong counterfeit game from what I ordered.
Whammy number three.
So that is some yackety sacks, Benny Hill theme shit right there.
So we want to give, and before we had the call tonight, I asked you to pick a number
from one to, um, of all the people in chat who said that they wanted my 360 games.
So we want to congratulate Kaijuto won a copy bootleg copy of Assassin's Creed brotherhood
pal edition on the Xbox 360 signed by dark soccer is, but my birthday present because
I care about the listeners, I am giving away my birthday present.
So yeah, I opened a case for it on eBay and I'm confident that I'm going to get my money
back.
Um, the price that I got it for was sort of in that nebulous too good to be true, but
I could see someone selling the game for cheap at this amount.
So even if I get screwed over, which I doubt I will, it's not a horrible heartbreaking
amount of money, but not come on eBay.
It's not completely unreasonable for someone to sell stuff for cheap.
For example, I take games sometimes that I get for free and I just don't want them and
I don't really care what I get for them.
So I started the auction at one penny and whatever they end at, that's what they sell
for.
So a lot of times, you know, I think a brink was one that went recently.
It went for $24 so it's not unreasonable for that to happen.
Of course, my self, my feedback rating is not five.
It is much higher than that.
But you know, yeah, mine's like 86 and you can actually click on the history and see
what they are.
But yeah, when I had it, when I had a bunch of, um, uh, adult DVDs from that job, I had
like dozens of them that were shrink wrapped that cost, you know, 60 bucks down at the
bookstore.
I sold them on the adult section of eBay for a penny and some of them only went for 10
bucks and they were perfectly brand new retail good items.
So I absolutely understand how that could happen.
So you thought maybe you'd find somebody like you who was just giving away their excess
promo copies of child of Eden, but unfortunately you got a pal copy that's not even real of
Assassin's Creed of the game that I didn't order.
Yeah, exactly.
So tiger claw in our chat room says, what's the moral of the story?
Don't order from Amazon.
Actually I think you got the moral mixed up.
It's it's it's don't order from eBay.
Order from a quote legit store like Amazon or Best Buy or fries or whatever the hell
you want.
Usually, even though, even though PayPal is evil, usually when it comes to shit like this,
they usually side with the buyer.
So yeah, and there are lots of legit reseller or sellers on eBay that have their own website,
but they all just have an eBay account and you'll know that they're legit because their
feedback score is in the tens of thousands and those are the ones that you should stick
to.
So a break man in our chat room says, wait, WTF, if I would ever try to give away a gift
from my girl, she would fucking kill me.
So are you going to fucking kill me?
Well we've we found an even better solution to get you your child of Eden fix and I get
to play it too.
So no, I'm not, I'm not too heartbroken over this.
And we can go ahead and share what we ended up doing instead.
It's actually kind of in an ironic way.
It's actually kind of funny.
This worked out this way.
Yeah.
I'm a listener of O.L.R.
I'm what I'm trying to think of his name is a screen name.
Mieglotov called us today told us that on best buy.com or the brick and mortar store
if you have one nearby for today and tomorrow, connect games are two for one.
So we picked up child of Eden and a fitness game that looked like a fitness game that
wasn't actually horrible.
We got both of those.
So that's, that's your birthday present or those two games.
So I ended up getting a two for one deal on which fitness game, I think the year fitness.
Oh, that's not bad.
Yeah.
I mean, I trust me.
We looked.
We're like, okay, Zumba fitness is the one that's selling really well in Europe.
Went to Metacritic.
It's 40 something unless you like Latin dancing and I'm talking about Latin female dancing.
I do like Latin female dancing.
Yeah, it was.
Yeah.
Your shape fitness evolved, which I think is like a 74 on Metacritic fitness game.
That's pretty good.
That was pretty good.
They have the sequel coming out this year, but we purposely, we just kind of went to
Metacritic and pick, pick the one with the best score.
So, and that's the one we went with.
So we're like, well, let's get a fitness game because I've actually kind of been into fitness
and all that stuff lately, like trying to walk more, eat better.
I've lost seven pounds in the past two months, so I kind of want to keep that trend going
without having to join a gym, join a gym.
So be cool.
Uh, also, uh, break man in chat says, so basically someone wins Sky's coffee table drink coaster.
Hey, I never said it was a good game.
Why do you think I was given it away?
But Kaijuto says I will put that game up on a plaque, so I'm glad someone, uh, won it
who will appreciate it.
So congratulations.
Once again, you win my birthday bootleg pal copy of the wrong fucking game, Assassin's
Creed brotherhood signed by myself, Loki and Dark Sakura's butt.
And uh, I think doesn't Loki probably has a system somewhere that would play it.
That was actually my first reaction.
I'm like, one of Loki's like 10, three sixties could probably play this game.
I don't have 10, three sixties.
No, my, my J tag, which, which by the way, I broke this week, but I will be fixing it.
Um, yes, that would probably be able to play that.
But Loki, I've decided I'm going to give it to a listener instead.
In fact, uh, Dan's J tag out there probably could play it.
All right.
Well, Oh, well.
All right.
Uh, slashes pop while we have you on anything else you want to share with the listeners?
Um, just that really insane steam sale that's running, I think all week people need to get
on that.
Some great stuff on there.
Yes.
Indeed.
Yeah.
And win tickets and join the OLR group while you're on there.
Hurray.
Yeah.
Yep.
More information.
Orange owns radio.com.
Okay.
Take care.
Uh, thank you.
Salacious pop.
Bye.
Bye.
And it really is one of those situations where it's the thought that counts.
Like I just laughed it off.
Like I kind of knew he was getting me child of Eden because when I tried to buy it in
the store, he's like, don't you want to wait till after your birthday to buy any big purchases
like that?
You know, that, that whole little thing.
So I kind of knew that was coming, but you know, it, the story behind it is even better
than just the game showing up on the doorstep.
You know, and you, you even said ahead of time that you felt or that Alan felt something
like that might happen.
Yeah, no.
Well, he knew right away when he bought the game off eBay, but we were all just kind of
waiting to see.
So we thought we turned it into something fun, like a giveaway.
So I'll get in touch with you guys, you know, a little later and we'll get your address.
Um, probably ship it out after next week's show because I didn't bring it to the show
tonight.
So we got to get everyone to actually sign it.
All right.
Anyhow, um, let's move on quickly housekeeping.
Uh, if you want to, uh, sign up for our Facebook, you should facebook.com slash orange launch
radio.
Also we're on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. And as I mentioned before, uh, if you
go to orange lounge radio.com and you are getting in on these steam sales or what have
you, the more of you that are getting into steam for team fortress two or portal to your
copies on PS three that work on steam, what have you, uh, we actually do have our home,
our own little steam community, and you can see that on our website, orange launch radio.com
on the left hand side is a little button for steam, uh, in the extended play section, steam
community.com slash groups slash O L R. So there you go.
All right.
Um, let's get into tonight's news.
There actually is a lot of gaming news too this week.
Uh, so let's get right into it.
Loki, start us off.
What's going on in the news.
Uh, yes.
Um, we talked a little bit about this on our teas with, um, Bobby, but a resident evil
mercenary 3d just came out last week and there was a big controversy over the fact that Capcom
decided, Hey, guess what?
You know that save game that, uh, data that you have on there, it cannot be reset.
So for example, say you get really far in the game and you decide to sell it and then
the next person that buys it, uh, they're stuck with your save game and having everything
being unlocked.
Um, it was funny because actually at one point GameStop and a lot of the major retailers
out there were not going to be taking the game in as a trade.
I guess, um, they've reversed their policy on that, but, um, you know, they're saying
if upon further review the process with our publishing, our publisher partner, Capcom,
uh, GameStop will resume taking trades on the game effective Wednesday, June 29th makes
me wonder a couple things here, one, um, so GameStop probably bitched the Capcom to it's
all okay all of a sudden.
So it makes you wonder if they either they're just fine with the fact that you can't reset
your save or there's maybe like a key combination or something like that where GameStop can
reset your save, which if that were the case, it'd probably go interesting.
I didn't know if, if that's the case that will leak out in seconds.
That'll be on GameFacts.com within five seconds of that code being given to a GameStop employee.
Um, overseas though it says a retailer HMV has ceased taking trades in for the title.
EB Games Australia has also stopped stocking the game altogether and, um, you know, they're
just saying if, you know, EB Games, I guess, if you would like to purchase it with us and
of course we will sell it to you, it will be a case of an order within our, or with
our store.
And it says we made, we made the tough decision to remove it from sale because we had everybody's
best interest in mind and don't feel that it's fair that you guys would be paying, this
is $60 Australian, for what is essentially one, a one use game.
So I mean, let's, let's get back to the root problem here because amongst the whole ninth
anniversary show and the fact that this news kind of came out on a Sunday last week, we
kind of overlooked this story.
Um, in what fucking universe was this a good game design idea to not reset the save file?
Like I, I, I get the defense is the whole, well it's like an arcade game and I, I, I'm
just saying that is the defense.
I'm not saying I understand it, but that is the whole like, well it's, it's like an arcade
game and it's not detrimental.
So what?
Like I hate it when game companies try to tell me what I want as a gamer because that's
what the gamers want.
No, I'm telling you that's not what I want.
I do sometimes like to reset my games and start from scratch.
I did it on Final Fantasy 13 a few weeks ago.
It's like an arcade game.
Okay.
That's your defense sin.
Arcade cabinets, I can reset the goddamn high score.
In fact, Capcom arcade games, I can reset the high score on.
So where's your logic there?
It doesn't make sense.
I mean, clearly somebody made this decision and I think this decision absolutely was made
to impact the used market because somebody made a conscious decision not to let the game
save to the 3DS card internal memory like all the other freaking 3DS games do where
if you wanted to reset your data, oh, it's as easy as deleting the file.
How easy is that?
Somebody made the conscious decision, no, we don't want to do that.
We're specifically moving it to the cart and not making it deleteable.
But now they've come up with all this crap to kind of back talk their way into how that
was a great decision and it's where the game industry is going.
It's really what you wanted.
Yeah, it's what we wanted.
You wanted an arcade experience, didn't you?
No, I didn't really want to play the mercenary missions from 4 and 5 ported to the 3DS.
I would like, you know, I don't know, maybe a new Resident Evil game.
Oh, but guess what?
You can play the demo for the new Resident Evil game on this game itself.
So I guess there's something to it.
But once again, you know, I mean to be fair, it didn't get very good reviews because apparently
the game wasn't that great.
And so, you know, I don't really consider it a big loss.
It's interesting though because this new story yet has people talking about it.
And despite the fact it was a mediocre game that probably, you know, the Resident Evil
fans would have been, yay, but most other people would have been like, bring on the
other 3DS games.
It's another, you know, another entry in the long line of bad DRM decisions from Capcom.
You know, if it's not, oh, this game needs to be online at all times, you know, in order
for it to work even in single player, or like in games that don't even have a multiplayer
component, oh, you know, and then the PlayStation Network goes down and their game stops working
for, you know, a month or whatever.
Alright, so I'm being corrected by the chat room, as tends to happen sometimes on this
show.
And the chat says, actually Rob, none of the 3DS games I have saved to the SD card.
They all save to the 3DS cart, but you can do data management.
The only things that save to the SD cart are the street pass and maybe data that won't
fit on the cart.
So fine.
I just haven't noticed because there hasn't really been that big RPG 3DS game that I've
wanted to reset the data on so far.
I mean, when all is said and done, would I probably really want to reset the data on
a game like this?
Probably not.
Me personally.
Probably not.
I probably wouldn't have noticed this if it hadn't been called out.
But what ticks me off about it is this whole, we all see what you're doing, quit trying
to make excuses to say otherwise.
Like it's very obvious why they're doing this.
Stop lying.
It's because they don't want to piss off the fans.
They want to piss off the fans because they're trying to do this to save some money.
Then they are assuming that their fans are stupid and you should be offended.
And really how much money are they saving?
Because this game itself is probably going to sell, what, maybe 400,000 units?
And that right there is a really generous estimate.
I mean, 400,000 units in the lifetime of this game.
I mean, we're talking like maybe a few 10,000 copies or whatever that they're going to lose
out sales on because someone's going to buy it used.
And of saying like 25% of those copies are going to sell for used or something like that.
How many people are you really turning away from putting this feature on there?
I mean, what, maybe let's just say 10,000 of those people.
That's such a minor, minor, minor number compared to people are just not going to give a shit
or they just won't buy your game.
I mean, I don't know.
It's stupid.
Black Wolf in our chat room says, hey, this is an investment opportunity, buy five copies
this week, save them for three years and sell them as unopened on eBay for a hundred dollars
each profit.
I don't know.
I don't know if that will work if the game is only kind of mediocre.
However, I say at the end of the day, vote with your wallet.
That's really what it boils down to.
Now, to be honest, I probably wouldn't have bought this game anyway, but I especially
wouldn't have bought, like if I was on the fence, I would have said, no, I don't really
want to support this.
Well, that's what was going through my head the whole time is why the crap would I buy
that game?
There hasn't been a good resident evil game since three.
Oh, come on.
Four.
I like it.
Oh, Oh my God.
That's one of the best GameCube games, period.
Like I realize everybody has their own opinion.
That's fine.
But I, I, I cannot agree with you.
My favorite to this day is still two.
I four was like one of the best and I really liked Code Veronica.
Period.
Wow.
All right.
I can't agree that five was not what it could have five was not anyhow.
Uh, yeah.
Vote with your wallet kids.
That's really what it boils down to.
All right.
Now, speaking of, uh, fun money related decisions and what you support and what you don't, where
the industry is going.
Last week on the show, we talked about the impending Supreme court decision and I got
to admit we were a little bit in the, you know, negative defeatist drone last week where
we were pretty sure that it was going to come out and that the Supreme court was going to
uphold the California law and this vague ass law about what is deemed offensive or whatever
would end up with a GameStop employees getting thousand dollar fines and all this crap.
Well, the good news is the Supreme court actually ruled the other way.
They ruled in favor of the video game industry.
They overturned the law, so to speak, which really was never essentially effective.
Uh, so in Brown versus entertainment merchants association, which used to be Schwarzenegger
versus entertainment merchants association, but you know, we've had a new governor since
the law first went into effect.
Um, it was reversed in seven to decision.
So, uh, they are essentially saying that, yeah, it is a violation of the first amendment
and so forth.
But there were a couple of justices that seemed to be on the fence with this whole thing.
I'm not going to go super, super in depth.
I think a lot of you already kind of read about this.
It was such a huge thing, but there were a couple of justices that were on the fence
with this that were saying like, we understand why there might be a law, just this wasn't
really the way to do it.
The way you're defining offensive here is a little vague, you know, things like that.
So you know, is this all going to be said and done and over with?
I guarantee you it's not.
In fact, there was some reaction this week from Leland Yee, who was the state Senator
who originally drafted this whole bill in the first place.
Uh, he's a Democrat, a Democrat representing San Francisco and, uh, he put together a whole
little statement that said that the ruling of the Supreme Court, quote, puts the interests
of corporate America before the interests of children.
As a result of their decision, Walmart and the video game industry will continue to make
billions of dollars at the expense of our kids' mental health and the safety of our
community.
Good God.
But if you read the terms, he clearly didn't read the syllabus because, and I read the
whole thing, it goes in there to say that the, uh, research that they used was inherently
flawed and that actually the same researchers who were trying to make the claim that violent
video games were harmful to children said also television, movies, books, Saturday morning
cartoons were all equally harmful.
Well, on top of all that, he's saying it's in the interest of children, well, children
aren't able to purchase, I mean, as it is with the company policies, they're unable
to purchase these games in these stores and last time I checked, you know, children don't
have $60 of, you know, they don't have a job, so someone's giving them money.
Someone's obviously purchasing, someone's driving them to the stores to purchase these
games, um, you know, and that person to be a parent and yeah, you know, bikes and stuff
like that.
But I mean, come on, it's just take some damn responsibility, let, let the responsibility
lie with the parents.
Well, these also, these same parents keep in mind are encouraging their kids to go play
high school football and participate in sports where far more injuries occur as opposed to
those related to video games and deaths, oh, don't forget deaths.
So uh, by the way, Leland Yi at the end of the day basically said, uh, he's going to
try again because there were a couple of people on the fence.
No, of course you haven't wasted enough taxpayer money yet.
I would like this, okay, so you guys lost the case, Leland Yi, um, so you're gonna pony
up that $2 million that we wasted on this?
You know what else is very interesting about this?
You know, you hear a lot about partisan politics in this nation and this whole like, you know,
Republican, Democrat stuff going on here.
This really is one of those things that doesn't seem to fall on one party or the other.
I mean, yes, a Democrat wrote it, but then when you look at who in the Supreme Court
decided to dissent against the majority and actually side with Leland Yi, one of those
justices was Clarence Thomas, who was a Herbert Walker Bush nominee to the court.
The other one being Breyer, a Clinton, appointee to the court.
So this, this isn't partisan either, which is interesting.
I think there's so many issues in America where it's like, you know, it's a Republican
issue or it's a Democrat issue, but this is one of those things that's really all over
the map.
Partisan politics is bullshit anyway.
It's trying to add regulation for something that there's already regulation for.
I suggest that they go in there and we need to enact some sort of force that'll go out
there and stop people from committing laws.
You know, um, it'll, it'll work above the police department because, you know, we've
got the police department there, but I think we need a special military police department
or something.
I mean, that's almost kind of what this is like to the extreme, obviously.
The other thing in the wording of the decision was that they were picking a scapegoat to
treat a serious social problem that was not at the heart of the problem, that they're
only picking one thing that may actually more be a symptom of the social issue.
And that they, you know, they understand parents have a right to want a little bit more assistance
from the government and which I think is bullshit, but, um, the whole point is that it's basically
the government shall not step in on your personal liberties.
We've already had enough of that going on.
This is where we draw the line.
And I don't understand the whole needing for education for the ESRB ratings.
Does anybody need education for the movie MPAA ratings?
I've never seen somebody go, oh, I don't know what an R rated movie has in it.
I mean, does that ever confuse anybody?
Because I see no point to this excuse anyways that, oh, as a parent, I don't understand
English on the back of my box that says violence, nudity, does this game contain violence and
nudity?
Oh, well, it says right there that it does.
I mean, so.
But the issue, and I'm not even going to say this flat out as a parental issue.
I'm going to say this as an essentially American issue.
People are fucking lazy.
Nobody wants to think for themselves.
They want everything handed to them on a plate that says, here, here's everything spelled
out for you.
So now it's easy.
We're going to take out the hard work part of it.
Did you see the part?
Did you see the whole thing being discussed on the Daily Show?
Did you see that whole clip of Jon Stewart talking about it?
I watched some of it in the moment that he said he supported Adele of the Room.
Well, I didn't think, I didn't get that impression necessarily supported it.
It sure seemed like it watching it.
But then there was part of me that was like, it was very tongue in cheek, like, is this
kind of like tongue in cheek onion style humor that maybe we're just not getting?
Because what amazed me about it is as he was talking about the bill and, you know, these
horrible games that would be sold, yet he was showing clips uncensored of the games
on his program that I could just turn on my television and watch.
So granted primetime.
I was like, surely this is like just highbrow humor that I'm not getting.
No, I think he was actually serious.
If you knew nothing about the issue at all and you were just presented this, oh, hey,
there was a law that was going to ban these violent games from going, you know, ending
up in children's laps, then you could see, oh, well, you know, why did they vote against
that?
I mean, that doesn't make any sense why they would vote against, you know, these violent
games going to kids' laps.
Until you explain that, hey, there's already regulation in place, you know, done by these
retailers where they're not selling this stuff to people.
And there's also not this sort of regulation, you know, done by the law for any other type
of media, including TV.
So I mean, that's the point that he forgot to point out, because, you know, it's more
interesting to have, you know, this violent imagery on screen and him going, you know,
because that gets him raided.
One point that Dan brought up was that now this might set a precedent for people to basically
sue a company for not selling the game, like when they've sent their kid in to go buy it.
And the company says no.
But it is part of the business that you have the sign that says we reserve a right to refuse
service to anyone.
That's what I pointed out.
No shirts, no shoes, no service.
That's what I pointed out.
And I'm like, that's not going to be an issue.
And he thinks it's going to be otherwise, but I'm like, it's not going to be an issue.
A business has the right to refuse service.
As long as it's not, you know, discriminatory.
And really, as far as I'm concerned, it doesn't matter to me too much because I'm an adult,
so it's not going to restrict the thing for me, although it's just, you know, if violent
video games have this kind of stigma, then, yeah, a publisher may be more apt to censor
the game a bit so that it receives a little rain.
But who's to say, you know, that a teen rated game could be deemed, you know, violent enough
to fall under this?
That's the problem with it.
Going to our chat room at chat.org.com, Salacious Pop is actually commenting in our chat room
right now and saying, Loki, there's actually two movies where that happened.
I think talking about some of the violence.
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, which was PG, made parents flip their shit.
It's why PG-13 was invented.
That's right.
I saw faces melting when I was a kid and I turned out okay.
Remember that scene?
Yeah.
And it's so fake now, but when you were a kid, you like close your eyes.
No, I'll tell you, you know what?
I will tell you what?
I saw Gremlins.
I'm going to tell you what movie scene scared the fucking shit out of me when I was a kid.
And you look back on it now and you're like, that is so dopey.
But I'll tell you what, anybody in chat who's in their lower thirties is going to know exactly
what their high twenties is going to know exactly what I'm talking about.
Okay.
Ready?
It was in Pee Wee's Big Adventure.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
When he gets in the truck with large Marge and she does this, she's telling the story
on a night just like this, right?
And then she goes, and it looked like this whole like claymation thing, right?
Like little kids bursting into tears across the country, scarred for life will never like,
I still can't watch that scene.
It's why we are afraid of truckers.
Our generation is afraid of truckers.
My daddy was a trucker.
Then we're afraid of your daddy.
Actually my dad is still a trucker.
And it's all large Marge's fault.
But you know what?
That was a PG movie.
One of my, no, that scene actually, I still can't watch it.
And I actually had a friend had that as their Facebook picture and I messaged them and asked
them very nicely if they would remove it because that was a very traumatic scene.
Do not find the damn picture, Rob.
Oh my God.
No, no, no.
I'm not finding the picture.
I just want to make sure the movie was rated PG.
Where was it?
I think it was.
I just, I, cause I'd be on the art world.
Check IMDB.
See, look, I can't figure out what this freaking movie is rated.
Like should it be this?
Rob, IMDB.
IMDB.
But you know, actually there was one movie that I saw when I was a kid and it was rated
our movie and I went to see it with my uncle.
I've seen tons of rated our movies when I was a little kid.
It's PG.
Thank you.
IMDB.
And this is the only movie rated R that ever scared me.
And now today you will laugh at this.
What?
It was poultry guys three.
Oh wow.
And then I was afraid of mirrors for like a week.
Have you seen it?
I was afraid of mirrors for like a week and then I thought that I would die.
Like like what's like Heather O'Rourke.
And then after a week I was like, Oh yeah, it's stupid.
I would love to see as a challenge to filmmakers out there to see what kind of, how fucked
up of a movie they could make and have it still be rated G because that would be awesome.
Well, look at any Disney movie.
I mean, okay, Tarzan, we've all seen that Disney movie, right?
Yeah.
Spoiler alert.
The main villain dies in the movie by being strangled to death by falling down with vines
wrapped around his neck with his neck broken and they show the silhouette of it.
I was like, this is very violent for kids.
Or how about Snow White?
Almost all Disney villains die by falling off a cliff and then it's, you just see that
little poof of smoke.
Or how about Snow White movie from, what was it, 1947 wasn't it?
The queen is the old witch trying to push the boulder down the hill and instead lightning
strikes her.
She falls off the cliff and the boulder lands on her.
Okay, right.
Lots of people in chat talking about the large Marge scene and how actually there were a
lot of people that apparently were scared by that.
Dungeon Buster mentions the death of Optimus Prime.
Let's see.
I hope I'm saying this right.
Rade, or maybe that's Raid, Rade says, oh Jesus, large Marge, that scarred me for life.
Break Man says, yeah, that was scary because it was so unexpected.
And Frisbee says, I still can't watch that.
So you're not alone.
And of course, SSJ100 Matt provides a YouTube link if you want to see that.
Zethur, another one here, the boat scene in Willy Wonka scared me shitless.
Dude, that movie was fucked up.
It was.
Like, I don't like the new one.
The old one is far more fucked up.
I appreciate them both, but the old one, I was actually a child when I saw the old one
and it was kind of fucked up.
I was a little afraid.
When she's a bad egg and she falls through the chute and all these, I want the world,
I want the whole world.
There is no way of knowing where exactly we are going.
I was afraid of Gene Wilder when I was little for a while, for a while.
Our whole generation.
I mean, where do you think?
Why are we not more screwed up?
And yet we all turned out fine.
Yeah, we turned out fine.
I'm not saying that kids should be subjected to this violence, but I think that's a parent's
addiction to make.
I saw Star Trek 5 in the theater and I'm not fucked up and that was awful.
I think any parent that's saying, I didn't know what this game was rated or I didn't
know that this game had violence in it or I didn't know this is just retarded.
And if you're like, I didn't know how to read the rating system, you're an idiot.
Can you tell us what our old Saturday morning cartoons were like?
You know, I realize I don't have kids, so maybe some people are not going to value my
opinion, but whatever, F you, it's my show.
If I had kids, I would want them to see that violence the first time because they're gonna
see it.
They're going to see it at a friend's house.
They're going to see it at some point.
You're going to see it on CNN.
They're going to see it when they're flipping through the TV and they'll see it on Comedy
Central.
Okay.
I would rather they see it with me present so we can talk about it.
Yeah.
It's just like sexual things, although that's a very uncomfortable subject for a lot of
parents.
I don't want my kids to find out from other places.
And I don't understand the double standard between sexual stuff and violent stuff.
You have a kid.
Tell me I'm right.
So it validates my opinion.
Well, regardless of the ESRB rating, I'm just going to pick games that I think are suitable
for my child.
And that may be different than like, honestly, if you teach them well enough, they know what
fiction is.
I mean, the people that I'm killing in Grand Theft Auto aren't real people.
And obviously you don't want to go emulate that on street by going and killing real people,
but they're just AI computer controlled people.
You can brutally murder them and nothing happens.
But my point was going back though to Saturday Morning Cartoons, how many of us grew up with,
you know, Pixie and Dixie, Mr. Jinx?
Or how about fucking Tom and Jerry?
Tom and Jerry.
That shit was vulgar.
Like, it was very violent.
Well, on top of that, keep in mind that these were, and they banned, and they came actually
right from vaudeville humor too.
But keep in mind, keep in mind, not only did we have, you know, them beating up on each
other, but if you look at when a lot of these cartoons were made, when certain racial stereotyping
was considered to be standard humor.
You know, I grew up watching Tom and Jerry with, you know, Tom and Blackface.
We watched Tom and Jerry cartoons in church.
I went to a Baptist church when I was younger.
Let's, we'll save that discussion for another day.
I was raised in one.
Yeah.
I remember there was a lock in, quote unquote, of the church once and we watched Tom and
Jerry cartoons all night.
So we watched Song of the South.
Oh God.
All right, look, I want to move on to other topics, but I, uh, but the point, the point
is that parents need to do their job.
It's better that you were there with them to explain it than leave them unexposed.
You know, I did actually know somebody who was pretty much blocked from everything when
she was growing up and now I didn't know her while she was growing up.
My friends knew her, but from what I understand, she was a lot more messed up than anyone I
known who grew up exposed to everything.
Let me quickly get some comments from chat room, chat dot orange on show.com.
Break man says, if I ever have kids, I refuse to use cutesy names for things.
I want my kids to know that they have a penis or vagina, not a wee wee or a who, um, bonds
double six as I agree.
My mom had us watch a lot of adult shows and movies and personally I don't think it messed
me up.
Uh, and then dungeon Buster says, I love the Penn and Teller bullshit show where they looked
at violent video games.
That was good.
Actually, I'll have to find you the clip.
They get a 13 year old with his mother's permission, put a gun in his hand and they have a trainer
there.
You know, it's supervised.
There's a police officer there.
They give him an automatic weapon and say, okay, go ahead and shoot it once.
This is how you do it.
Shows him the proper everything.
Oh God.
The kid shoots the gun, steps back and says, wow, and the guy goes, do you want to do it
again?
He says, no, I don't want to touch this thing again.
And then they showed him later on that he was in tears, 13 years old, but he played,
but he goes home and plays so calm and all these violent games yet, you know, is, is
this the, you know, reaction that those people who are putting out that propaganda want us,
you know, to think is going to happen?
I don't know if I would go to that extreme to teach my child, but then again, I have
an issue with guns, but we'll save that for another episode of the show.
But you get the point that you're saying, no, I do.
I do.
So the point was, do these games train kids to be killers and clearly not, first of all,
he didn't even hit the target or like he hit like way off.
And second of all, he didn't even want to touch it again.
Now me, I want as many guns as possible, but I would rather have a real gun than play a
gun game.
Oh God.
Here's another one.
This was on television.
You ready for this one?
This is some scary fucking shit from when you were a kid.
SGA 100 Matt says, just show your kids Tim Curry as it and they will crap themselves.
Actually his name was Pennywise the clown, but yes, same thing.
Right?
Remember that?
That shit was fucking scary.
That was.
And that was on TV.
That was an ABC.
Or how many of us watched legend?
There's actually a scene in that I can't watch ever.
Anyway, we got to get past the kid scary stuff.
I want to address from chat real quick.
Somebody had asked, what has Leland Yee done besides the bill?
So I'm looking at the Wikipedia article, just thumbing through some of the other things
he's done.
Uh, AB 1371 in 2003 strengthens informed consent requirements for mentally handicapped patients
that take part in medical research.
Uh, 2004 AB 2412 allows part-time community college faculty to access unemployment benefits.
AB 3042 enhances sentences for child prostitution.
Uh, let's see, 2006 AB 409 establishes tighter controls and higher health standards for nail
salons.
Uh, AB 1207 adds sexual orientation to the list of protections in the code of fair political
practices.
So, you know, he's not been all about, you know, take it or leave it with you.
I don't know what there you agree with or what you don't agree with.
There's been other stuff to him than just this violent video game law, which I think
unfortunately he's making a, uh, a whole career defining thing out of.
Just a heads up, he is running for mayor of San Francisco.
You may or may not know.
Uh, San Francisco, the former mayor Gavin Newsom, uh, is now the Lieutenant Governor
of California after the November elections.
Uh, so they have an interim mayor and that means there's going to be a new mayor election
this year.
So there are a handful of candidates in the ring and Leland Yee is one of them.
So there you go.
Unfortunately, maybe violent video games will be banned in San Francisco.
Why not?
They're banning Happy Meal toys and circumcision too on top of everything else.
So why not?
We'll just throw violent video games in there.
Anyhow.
Oh yeah, I guess I should get one other story here that I meant to mention.
Uh, Utah, uh, Utah was going to be doing a similar type of thing.
However, the rep, uh, Michael Morley that was trying to get the law passed in Utah said,
uh, after the Supreme Court decision, quote, it's not on my radar to fight that fight.
So I guess after the Supreme Court decision, he's decided there are better things to do.
All right, let's move on.
More news.
Dark Sakura.
I was still trying to find this one article that was talking about the greatest cartoons
for traumatizing children.
Um, but how about we talk about Zinga?
Zinga has something that's pretty traumatic for children.
Yes, it is.
It has something very new.
And I am actually going to quote this article because I like the way it's laid out.
It's a new venture.
It's something different from Farmville and Frontierville.
So here's where the quote begins.
One, it doesn't actually have Ville in the title.
Two, players play with actual totally real money.
Three, players companies won't necessarily grow.
In fact, it may shrink through no fault of their own.
Wait, wait.
Players play with real money?
Mm-hmm.
The company is Zinga and it's not a game but a stock offering.
They're going public.
Oh, I get it.
They're going public.
They are filling an S1 form and it's not going to be publicly traded.
So you know what this means?
We can really fuck them now.
No, I think their stock's actually, they're expecting their stock to jump up in price
quite a bit, so it might not be a bad buy.
So, I mean, Zinga really, really relies on Facebook for a lot of their business.
A lot.
Like I know they're going to come out and say they don't need Facebook to survive, but
they kind of do.
Like Facebook put them on the map.
Now with all this talk about the decline of people using Facebook, Google Plus is coming
out and has people talking.
I mean, you know, don't put it in the nail coffin of Facebook yet.
Assuming that they let people in.
But I'm just saying, you know, there is this talk about Facebook might be slipping a little
bit.
Like it's time for Zinga to say, trust in us.
Like I really think I personally, I just kind of think Zinga needs to find a niche that
isn't just Facebook games or isn't just a VIL game.
Like I know you were kind of joking with the whole story about the stock market, but like
it would be great for Zinga's profile if they could do a game that's not VIL.
Now I'm sure somebody is going to bring up and okay, find the words.
Farm villain.
No, no.
The words with friends.
There actually is a Facebook game called Farm Villain and it's about like posting status
updates to your wall that are fucked up shit.
But anyway, there's the words with friends free and the, uh, hanging with friends on
that they got from buying other developers basically, but you know, Zinga doesn't kind
of yet have that thing that they're known for besides Facebook games.
You know what I mean?
So that and a very neutered dog on their logo.
Where does that, doesn't that name have like a weird meaning to it too?
I can't remember like where the company name came from or something silly.
Islander says, I didn't know Zinga was on Facebook.
I've just been playing on MySpace.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have found the one person that is still on MySpace.
I thought it was Tom.
I thought it was Justin Timberlake, but go to chat right now.
He's there.
Zinga is the CEO's dog.
Oh, that's why the logo is a dog.
That makes sense.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
By the way, we got a tweet about this tonight from a Twitter user, Nathan Jackson.
I would like you all to talk about Zinga going public.
Do you all think it would be sustainable with games like Farmville going down?
Uh, kind of that same point I was just making like things are declining.
So I think the only way Zinga can be successful is for them to show what else they have that
isn't just Farmville and Facebook games.
And I think this whole word with friends and stuff is a good place to start, but they have
to be able to show that they can consistently be on top of these social or casual gaming
trends if you will.
I just hope to God it's not true that they tried to buy PopCap.
That would be, that would make me very sad if Zinga and PopCap merged.
Very sad.
All right, moving on, let's get to some other news stories and release dates soon.
Some more depressing news.
If you thought, you know, the government trying to fine you for purchasing an adult game if
you're under the age was bad, well, Senate Bill S978 is gonna really get you going.
It's gonna basically regulate a lot of stuff that's going on the internet, mainly streaming
unauthorized copyrighted material, making it a felony that will result in up to five
years of jail time if it's passed.
Basically it says, the bill states that 10 or more public performances by electronic
means during any 180 day period of one or more copyrighted works will result in not
more than five years of imprisonment.
So as long as the performance in question is valued at least $2500 US, or the value
of the license to legally perform its content is valued at $5000 or more.
And basically it's the same criteria that they allow right now for the DMCA takedown
notices to be issued by copyright holders.
However, jail time and felony status are not currently associated obviously with those,
and now they're saying right now it says if it manages to pass.
The homemade gameplay clips, which I've never heard of them called like this, but apparently
referred to as let's play videos, fan made music videos, a webcam, cover songs, anything
I guess that involves music or video.
It could potentially cover cell phone videos of concerts and press events.
So yeah, basically if they're saying that this could apply to YouTube users, and also
sites that embed YouTube content as well, and really to get down to the bottom, I think
they're gonna have a hard time regulating this stuff.
I mean, if they're gonna go after everything, then, I don't know, and this is only gonna
benefit what?
I understand that you, for example, if you take a song off an album and you put it as
a YouTube video and you leave it there so people can listen or pirate that song, I understand
that's bad.
If for example, and I don't even know about so much the music videos and stuff, I don't
have a real big problem with that, especially gameplay videos, I don't understand gameplay
at all because it's not really the same as like putting a movie up, like an actual cinematic
movie and you're pirating or like a TV show or something like that.
This law is absolute total utter bullshit, and the problem with it is that it's just
shittily written.
Is that a word I can use, shittily?
It can be.
Anyway, this law was shite, it is total utter shite, and the reason why it's shite, it's
just badly written because it includes all this other stuff.
I get what they're trying to do.
What they're trying to do is they're trying to get at these websites where you can log
in and you can stream movies that are in the theater, you can stream them, or current TV
shows and all that.
That's what they're doing, but because they've left the door so wide fucking open, if somebody
gets on there and tapes a karaoke performance and puts it up on YouTube, it could be subject
to this law.
And you might be saying, well that's not what they're trying to go after, but unfortunately
when you have a shittily written law, excuse me, a shite law like this, it leaves the door
open for that.
I mean, if you're saying that if this isn't what they're going to try to do with it, well
yeah, sure, I'm sure that that one person downloading that one MP3 really costs that
music company $100,000 for that one song.
The problem is this is also, it's just taking a big fat dump all over fair use.
Like I should be, yes, I should be able to upload video for the purpose of critiquing
and commenting on it.
So you mean I'm going to have to contact the copyright owner to get express permission
to do that?
Well guess what?
All of your game review videos are going to be done by IGN, 1UP, GameSpot, and all the
big companies because Activision all those times, they don't have the time for little
pissants like you and me that they're going to sign off on the rights for that.
So say goodbye to independent media if something like this passes.
You know what?
Say goodbye to Orange Lounge Radio if this passes because I'm telling you, if this bill
in its current form passes and goes effective, I'm walking away from the show because I am
not going to go to jail because I like to play music over the classic game of the week
for the purposes of critiquing it.
That is not a threat.
That is a promise.
If the law passes and is enforced, there will not be Orange Lounge Radio anymore.
Period.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe Loki and Dark Soccer will decide they want to do it, but somehow I don't think they
want to subject themselves to that either.
Like that is the seriousness of this bullshit law.
I get what they're trying to do.
They're not doing it right.
So they need to, you need to contact your senator, contact folks and tell them that
this law is a bad thing for America.
Now just to let you know, there actually is a site up there that will generate email to
your local legislature.
So you do have a way of getting out there.
Actually I have relinked it on my live, not my live channel, but my Facebook.
And who is voting these goddamn people in the office?
I mean, seriously, all these Lin Yee's and shit.
Oh, and he's going to become mayor now because he's such full of wonderful ideas.
That's great.
Remember what I said about lazy Americans?
The fact that people won't get up and vote when these things come up, just sit back and
bitch about it.
Sorry, you don't vote about it.
You have no right to complain.
Uh, Tiger Claw in our chat room says, yesterday I was on Justin TV and I did a search of Transformers
and sure enough people were streaming a bootleg of Transformers 3 in a foreign language.
Hahaha.
Well then they, that needs to be worked out between Justin TV and the copyright owners
of the work.
And Justin TV should take action there thusly against those accounts of people doing it
because I'm sure that is against their terms of service.
Like that's the law you need.
Not sending me to jail because I want to sing, uh, or I wouldn't, I want to post a tape of
Jessica and I singing Love Shack on the internet.
Actually I would never post that tape on the internet, but she did and I don't want her
to go to jail for that.
And, and, and on top of that, that would make certain games illegal because I believe like
SingStar and stuff like that allows you to take songs and record videos to them and post
them up on the internet.
Correct.
And also there's going to be a game like SingFour, um, the hits edition that's going to have
connectivity with YouTube as well.
So all those are basically felony makers.
Unless of course those people that own those songs or, you know, own those video game companies
and stuff like that.
Don't stop these things from going, cause if no one complains, then you know, it's going
to be all right.
Black Wolf in our chat room says, well, to be fair, I don't know if the guy who wrote
this bill campaigned on this, so they could have voted him in without knowing he was going
to pen this specific bill.
And that's a, that's a true point.
You never know what politicians are going to do, but we need to hold them accountable.
And I plan to write my Congress people and say, if you support this bill, I will not
vote for you.
I will not vote for you.
What's it take to like, say for example, um, get these guys out of office, you know, there's
these elections that they have every few years.
Well, I understand that, but I'm, I, you know, Hey, we can recall, I guess that's what happened
with governor or how governor Schwarzenegger got into office in the first place.
So I can't remember the govern ater, that's where that all came from.
He terminated the other governor and where that shit, you know, I think we ended up with
the worst governor, but I don't want to make this show political.
So anyhow, I'm too late for that.
I know, right?
Like I really didn't want, especially after last week where things got a little heated,
like I really didn't want to have a political show tonight, but like we can't fucking get
away from it.
It's all that's in the news this week is all this political stuff.
Let's move to another country.
Let's make our own country.
It's O.L.A.
Uh, by the way, the Senator that's behind this is, uh, Amy Klobuchar, Klobuchar, Democrat
from Minnesota and Minnesota.
There's a whole website, open congress.org that will show you who's in favor of it and
who's against it.
Right now, 51 companies for it, three against.
I'm telling you though, if it goes through, it's going to be yet another one of those
laws that gets tied up because I, I would be fucking pissed cause this is just seems
to violate fair use.
Like really, I can't film somebody at karaoke?
Like that is wrong.
Well, and how, how more ridiculous is this going to go?
I mean, on the bright side, American Idol will finally go off the air.
It's like, um, say for example, you know, the happy birthday song.
Is that public domain?
I mean, is, are people going to get sued because there's a song playing in the background of
like a YouTube video or something like that?
Quoting videos, well, you know, Leland, you at least one quote, you know, he's talking
about different, you know, stuff, you know, pandering towards corporations.
I think this is one of those things that panders towards a corporation, not necessarily the
one that you're quoting.
Um, when he made that comment, but there are definitely a lot of bills and stuff that go
towards these corporations that have these senators in their pockets.
So I don't know.
It's not, not much of a surprise.
Just so you guys know, here's some of the organizations that are supporting this bill.
The Directors Guild of America, the Screen Actors Guild, the Motion Picture Association
of America, Recording Industry Association of America, NBCUniversal, Viacom, Sony Pictures
Entertainment, Ultimate Fighting Championship, uh, Church Music Publishers Association.
Well, we're fucked.
Church Music Publishers Association.
It's all the RAA and MPAA and all the different movies to use because no one wants piracy.
But you know what, that I understand, hey, no, I have no problem with them fighting piracy.
I get the, yeah, the, the, the reason this bill is going into place, I get it.
This bill doesn't cut it.
You need to close these loopholes in the bill before it, and basically what is going to
stop every website in Canada and other countries like I, this is another reason, oh, I promised
I wouldn't get political, but I can't.
This is another reason I can't keep supporting these bills that try to regulate the internet
in America.
You idiots, America does not rule the world, contrary to what everybody seems to think
sometimes here.
You can't stop the rest of the world.
Hey, well, at least we can still stream in Canada.
It will all go to China.
Look at the story we started off with tonight.
Where did the rampant piracy come from?
Where did Ask Cree Bro come from?
China.
So all the fine Orange Lawn's radio is moving to China.
If this bill goes through, at least we can do our show from there.
I'd rather live in Taiwan.
We can still stream it, you know, stream to Canada and I can play all the Assassin's Creed
brotherhood.
We don't have to say where we're located.
We're in Canadian and not in the U S I'm not Benji in our chat room says actually happy
birthday is copyrighted.
That's right.
So if you put up a YouTube singing happy birthday to someone, you're going to be, your ass is
going to jail for, I would love to see that article.
Grandma goes is, you know, okay.
What happens if you know, you make do three different songs, we'd be singing like happy
birthday and then a couple of other karaoke songs and that's three strikes or three, no,
that's not three strikes.
It's major like a violent felonies I think, but DJ Morpheus in the chat room, our good
buddy from under sedation live Saturday nights here at all games, but not to worry.
This is going through Congress.
So the public will have a voice and courts to fight it.
Unlike carp, which was all secretly done behind closed doors.
Well, God damn sir, I hope you are right because three words, this bill sucks.
Fucking sucks.
Four words.
All right.
And this is really more important than, you know, balancing a budget.
Dark Ted Sousa says, well, we're still waiting to see if under station live will be banned
in China.
It'll, it'll be a great little thing for the network.
It'll be like the show from China versus the show that can't be in China.
All on one network.
He said all games.com will also have to move to China or Canada.
Where can all games.com go if this bill passes all games.com?
What country would we put them in?
Where would Scott Rubin want to be?
They can go to, uh, where would Scott Amsterdam, no, no, there's no football there.
Oh shit.
Football, but not, well then I guess they could do Canadian football in Canada.
All right.
Moving on.
This bill is, uh, it's taking far too much time on our show, but at the same time it
is very important.
And so, uh, we just want to bring your attention to it.
Like I'm not fucking around if this bill passes, say goodbye to a lot of your favorite gaming
press stuff.
This, this is bad for the gaming industry.
This is bad for the gaming industry.
And if they don't see it, they're morons.
It's impotent.
Speaking of morons, Nintendo of America updated their Facebook page on Sunday, promising that
they would give more updates soon regarding some of the petitions that have been going
around.
We talked about this last week on the show.
I think dark soccer brought up how fans were petitioning for releases of Xenoblade, the
last story in Pandora's tower here in the U S uh, it was called operation rainfall.
Well on, uh, let's see Tuesday, I think was the day it was finally posted.
They finally posted a response.
Fans have been waiting for this quote.
We never say never, but we can confirm that there are no plans to bring these three games
to the Americas at this time.
The Twitter response thanked operation rainfall folks for being such incredible fans, but
said there continues to be no plans for Nintendo of America to release these three games right
now.
So I see, I haven't seen people rally for a Wii games release in a very long time, not
since president cat have fans rallied for a Wii game to be released, which by the way,
I don't know if you guys saw this, but a destructor had an article this week because of all this
about the 10 great Wii games that should have been released that folks are campaigning for
that never were president cat made the list.
So our little campaign was not forgotten, which I think is great.
And they actually said the game is called president cat people, which made me laugh
because the game actually wasn't called president cat.
We kind of gave it that name because the translation was like boss cat.
And so I don't know, it just kind of came out, let's call it president cat.
Well, the, the definition of a Sukeban is like a delinquent gang leader girl.
So if you imagine a cat being like a delinquent gang leader who was also the president of
the company, yes, then that's what it's like.
Gang banger cat.
That can be the sequel.
All right.
Um, geez.
Anyhow by the way, Xenoblade is still getting a localization for an English speaking country
and then some, uh, there is a European localization in the works and uh, this is for Xenoblade
Chronicles and it was in an Iwata Asks interview.
That's a little video clip there.
And uh, Xenoblade is coming out in Europe on September 2nd.
It's going to come out with a red classic controller pro in order to, to localize a
game for Europe.
I think it's gotta be an English, French, Spanish, German, and I'm forgetting a language,
but like there's like five languages, Swahili, probably English, French, Spanish, probably
Italian.
That's like five different languages.
The game's got to be in to come out over there and uh, she just do it in Latin yet.
It's not worth the money to put out here.
It would take no money, I mean, no additional money to bring it over here, seeing as they're
already doing the translation.
Well at least I could go on eBay and get a bootleg of it from China, at least you'll
get that.
At least.
I'm of course, you know, their comment on Twitter was, you know, that in fact, Operation
Rainfall, someone retweeted that and they made the comment of, they basically retweeted
what Nintendo said, to which I put dot dot dot, instead we have some more Nintendo 64
games we'd like to port over and make zero changes and Zelda you had a premium.
Love Nintendo.
Exactly, Zelda, Zelda Ocarina of Time in 3D, not a problem, Xenoblade, fuck you.
That's what I'm hearing.
But hey, you know what though?
Nintendo's gonna be, you don't understand, here's how Nintendo's gonna fucking play this
shit off.
Well we have no plans on doing that right now, but come E3, fans demanded it, and Nintendo,
we hear you fans, we're gonna bring it out for you because we're so gracious, we're gonna
bring them out to you.
It's basically, you're gonna beg for it, and then they're gonna say no, and they're like,
ah, well we're so gracious, we're gonna bring it out to you.
So you know what?
When they do that, don't fucking buy it.
Tell them, fuck you.
Wait, but why wouldn't you?
If they finally do decide to release the game, isn't that what you wanted?
Because it's the attitude that they're having with it?
I don't know if I meet you all the way, they're like, I don't disagree that something like
that is very likely to happen, but I had said before the show, I said, watch, because Nintendo
likes to kind of take games and redo them for new consoles, like, these will all be
games on the Wii U, and they'll be able to say that, oh, we're listening, oh, these are
games that the hardcore gamers want, Last Story Plus Edition on the Wii U, it's Last
Story U, and Xenoblade U.
No, it's not gonna be that at all, because that would take additional effort.
They're not gonna put in additional effort.
I don't even understand what the point is, because like, they've had other games that
they have translated the English and released only in Europe and Japan, and never brought
the Europe version of the game over here, which, I mean, I would think if you're spending
the money to translate in the English, why not release it over here?
Hell, you don't have to fucking advertise this thing very much, just put it out.
You will sell some copies of it, especially something that people are demanding that be
brought over here.
Of course, their thought is probably, oh, well, this is such a niche game that no one's
gonna really buy it, but then at the same time, I think, well, let's see, you put out
Mr. Case Files, the Malgrave incident, no one really gives a shit about that.
That one just went poof, like, no one even knew that came out.
If we had not mentioned that it came out, no one would fucking know that the game came
out.
It's a bummer that it's the Wii, because if this was the 360 and there wasn't enough fan
demand, we've seen now where that game, and I forget what it was, Death Smile or whatever,
was that Japanese shooter game that came out in Japan, and they just said, you know what,
we'll put it up as a download title, we're not gonna bother to translate it, though,
so fucking, here it is, just take it, if you want it, but I think people are generally
happy with that.
And now there are special box sets and everything.
So unfortunately, it would be great if the Wii could support that, but it can't.
And on top of that.
Maybe the Wii, maybe the punchline is the Wii U will, and these games will be downloadable
on the Wii U.
And here's the funny part about that.
On top of the fact that they won't even bring it over here, they give Europe a nice collector's
edition with a controller and everything for them.
So obviously they know that the game's popular, but they just still don't give a fuck about
you.
Rickster in our chatroom says, why do that?
Nintendo has already put the Wii out to pasture.
And I think that's a good point, is, you know, well, they've already said the Wii U's coming,
so let the Wii die, basically a slow death as we get our last little hurrah Zelda game
this holiday.
The Wii U's and people, and this Wii U isn't coming out until the end of next year, so
what the fuck are they going to put out?
Is everybody planning on buying a Wii U day one?
No!
If I've learned one thing from Nintendo consoles, no I'm not.
I'm not planning on buying this thing day one, I mean, unless there's that just kick-ass
must-have game, we'll wait and see.
I am a consumer whore though, so I still may succumb to needing it earlier or something
like that, but it really so far hasn't, I mean it's basically a Wii with better graphics
and a stupid controller that I don't really give two shits about.
But...
But I'm just gonna like, well, when the PlayStation 3 came out, the PlayStation 2 didn't just
roll over and die.
No, it still has it.
God of War was still going, and the old systems don't just roll over and die.
So I think these games...
Especially not the Wii, because you have to understand, just because everyone bought a
Wii does not mean they're going to buy a Wii U.
In fact, I think because you got all these old people and stuff like that to buy Wii's,
no!
That is not going to translate into more Wii U sales, just because you can use these Wii
games on there.
I mean, think about it.
It's like, Rob, I need to buy a Blu-ray player, but hey, it's okay, because I can still play
my DVDs on it.
Well, why am I going to buy a new unit if I already have something that plays DVDs?
It doesn't make any sense.
I gotta say this.
I'm not the only one that doesn't understand your perspective, Loki, of campaign to get
the games out, and then when they come out, say fuck them because of their bad attitude.
Derek H. in our chat room says, wait, so you'd be upset if they do what you want them to
do?
That's like going to McDonald's, buying a Happy Meal, then throwing it on the ground
yelling, fuck you, Ronald McDonald!
The sad thing is, I can see Loki doing that!
There isn't enough fucking bacon!
No, it's my problem is, how else then do you teach a company like this that you're not
going to fucking take their...
Oh, well, if you're big...
Well, if you're going to just have to take Reggie and bend him over your knee and say
you're being very, very...
And it's just like, it's like fucking Konami, you know, with, well, if you really want this
game to come out, you better have those pre-orders in!
I mean, fuck you, I'm not buying your goddamn game then.
I don't give a shit if you put it out, because it will probably suck anyways, because all
of your games, you know, especially music games, they have really blown.
I like doing the pre-orders to determine things, because that's how we got the low cost on
the Macross box sets.
I like how the random-ass DDR, just, we can never get away from that.
Alright.
Well, no, it's because they pulled that bullshit.
Hey, Capcom!
Why don't you step up and do this bullshit, because, you know, this seems perfectly down
your alley.
Is that what Nintendo should do?
Should Nintendo put it up on their website and say, okay, if 10,000 people order Xenoblade,
then we'll put it out?
If that's what it's going to take for them to do it in a timely manner, then fine.
Would you do it?
No, because I don't want to buy this fucking game.
I don't play the Wii anymore, who do I care?
Fuck you, Ronald McDonald!
No, I would seriously, I would boycott the game then.
Oh, well, you don't want to bring it out?
Fine, you just want to put out some more Mario and Kirby games.
Kirby, which, by the way, I don't know if anyone still cares about Kirby, but...
This is like the opposite of Operation Rainfall.
This is Operation Thunder Snow.
Yo, fuck those games!
I think you should start a campaign on Twitter, Operation Thunder Snow.
Don't release those games.
In fact, don't buy Wii games.
P.S., fuck you, Ronald McDonald.
No, seriously, okay, let's see you...
Everyone's going to get a fucking raging boner over a goddamn, you know, Skyward Sword.
Ooh, it's a Zelda game with stuff in it, I mean...
I gotta say, though, the last story looked fucking great, and I was looking forward to
seeing that announcement in E3, and would I have bought that on the Wii?
Actually, yes, I think I would have.
Where are the reviews in Japan?
I have one of those boners for Mistwalker that I kind of do for Q Entertainment.
Like, even their mediocre games I will still support, like Blue Dragon.
Hey, Mistwalker, guess what?
Just because you had Nintendo publish your game in fucking Japan, you know what?
Other companies will fucking publish it over here.
You don't even have to go through all this bullshit of having to beg a company to bring
it out.
Because guess what?
There's companies like Ignition that have said, hey, you know what?
We're going to try our own internal game development, but that went up in smoke, so we're going
to go and shop games that people want to be brought over here, and we're going to bring
them over here.
Or there's a company called Axis Game Localization.
They localize games!
That's all they fucking do is localize games!
They bring over shit like BlazBlue Continuum Shift 2, and shit like that Guilty Gear that
you would never, ever fucking play if, you know, you relied on Nintendo to bring that
shit.
Do you know how many decibels I've taken down your mic this episode and it's still
not enough because you keep getting louder?
Sorry, I'm just saying that you're just passionate.
I am.
I'm seriously passionate about it.
The fact is, I don't think that it should result in people begging a company like Nintendo
to try to get them to understand the niche market.
You need companies that already understand the niche market and will bring this shit
over regardless.
Let me let me ask this and then we can move on with more stories because we're an hour
and a half into the show and haven't got to the end of party yet.
What is your passion?
My passion as far as these games go.
Why do these stories get you so angry?
Because it's this whole, oh, we're this big company and we're just, you know, you should
be gracious for everything they were putting out.
And they just don't, they think they understand what their users want and they don't.
I mean, their whole focus on, oh, let's, you know, make sure that we're putting out games
that families want to play and elderly people want to play so we can sell lots of Wii systems
and then they get all these systems out and it's like, hey, there's some really good games
that, you know, kind of go towards the niche market of say people are like, you know, Japanese
role playing games, something that's really been underrepresented on the Wii system.
And we could bring this stuff over because we know we're doing the translation for Europe
because, hey, they're a smaller market and I guess that makes it worth translating the
game for it.
We could bring this over here with little effort whatsoever, but no, we're going to
be assholes and say basically, no, we don't.
We don't have any plans on doing this and yeah, I know that you guys all rallied and
really want this stuff over here and have committed to really going to buy this stuff,
but you know what we're going to do and say we're going to put out another Kirby game
or maybe another, you know, Mario basketball game or some bullshit like that because we
know that Mario will sell and it requires very little effort on our part and really
that's what we want to do is spend the least amount of effort possible.
DJ Morpheus in our time says Loki needs Prozac flavored bacon.
I really want bacon flavored like medicine.
That's disgusting.
Why would you want to flavor bacon?
I think you meant bacon flavored Prozac.
All right.
Skye is Loki turning green yet?
Nope.
Still as white as you can believe.
All right, let's move on with another news story and then we'll get into the release
dates.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, Nintendo.
You've been a very quiet lady over there and usually you're the opinionated one.
So I've got to know what is your thought on all this mess?
Like Nintendo not releasing these.
Are they being hard-headed?
Is does it make good business sense?
I say it's average for Nintendo.
This is just par for the course.
I'm used to this shit.
This is why you've just become desensitized to this.
Pretty much.
It's basically people- And not like I play my Wii anymore.
Nintendo does something wrong.
Nikki yells and screams about it, lather, rinse, repeat for the past nine years.
It's basically, people are, they're barking up the wrong tree.
They're asking Nintendo to bring over this really niche game when they should really
be bugging these other publishers that put stuff out on the Wii as well as other systems
to bring over the games.
Because I think these people like, you know, like Atlas, there's another perfect example
of a company that would do this.
They, that's all they deal with is niche shit.
All right, we get it.
We need the return of working designs.
You know, I actually, one of our pinball tables belongs to the owner of working designs.
Oh really?
Our Twilight Zone.
That's kind of rad actually.
That's how we got our Goemon doll.
All right, let's move on.
More gaming news.
And uh, oh god, it's another Nintendo story, isn't it?
Yeah, I'll- Oh god, get your earmuffs!
Nintendo plans on spending 16.5 billion yen on a new research and design facility in Kyoto.
This was reported by Miike, which is the Japanese stock market, that they're going to start
building in January 2012 and will be finished by the end of 2013.
And they have had this in the works since 2009, but the original price they had on it
was 12 billion yen.
They basically are trying to move everything into one house.
They are bringing in their R&D offices, all of the main staff.
Everything is going to be under one roof.
So Loki, 16.5 billion yen on a new research and design facility, yet no last story.
What are your thoughts?
Maybe that's why I spent all this money on a new building.
Well they want to put everyone under one roof, I don't see a problem with that.
Apple's doing the same thing.
They're building some giant space saucer thing.
They're building a metal donut in the middle of San Jose.
There's no square wall in the building or something like that.
They actually wanted to make a building that looks like Steve Job's asshole.
That's what they're building in the middle of San Jose.
So everybody can literally walk up his ass day in and day out.
And it's going to be all made of glass.
I can actually point out something.
There is a psychological reason that you want to remove hard edges is that it reduces the
urge for violence.
Oh, because when I think of Apple products, I think of violence.
Loki, maybe.
Maybe it's to make happier workers.
Wow, really?
I know people that would kill someone, literally kill someone in the dead of night to get a
job at Apple.
Like, I don't think of Apple as having angry workers.
I wouldn't do that, no.
The whole, like, fact that, you know, it's been shown that circle buildings or whatever
cause people not to be violent.
Sounds like the hippie mumbo jumbo that Steve Jobs would be spouting anyways.
But you know what?
Hectagons piss me off.
No, I think the whole thing is that he didn't like being called a square.
So that's why.
So, ha!
You can't call me a square now.
You're a fucking idiot.
And a hippie.
We're going to plant some trees.
Go plant some trees, Steve.
Well, actually, we're going to plant a lot of trees.
Don't need to prove me right anymore.
I like how Loki had a wide open door to do more Nintendo bashing and he decided to take
a pass.
He just...
What am I going to say about Nintendo opening a facility?
Good for them.
They're opening a building.
It's not like this facility is going to research more Mario games.
I mean, I don't know.
I was...
It's just...
They're consolidating their stuff.
Let me get you a little platter and I'm going to hand you the joke on the platter, okay?
Here it is.
Look at this.
They're building a...
They're putting all these billions of dollars into a research facility for all those new
franchises they put out.
There you go, Loki.
It's not...
Hey, you know what?
I don't believe they research shit for any of their franchises.
So that's obviously not what it's for.
It's for their new consoles that are so innovative and different from their last console.
In fact, this new console, what, it has a tablet for a controller.
That's such a genius idea that they need a new research facility.
Certainly an idea like that only could have come out of a building shaved like a donut.
Basically quite a number of articles I just randomly found from anthropologists, different
biologists, psychologists, all pointing to the...
By the circle is a comforting and familiar shape to the mind on an unconscious level.
I understand that.
Well, as in art, we study the golden mean as a curve, so that it's like the shape of
a shell, the circular shape of a shell, why a more circular face in some cultures is considered
to be more attractive.
They look for symmetry.
The hecticons are still very rude, right?
Yes, they are.
So for the record, there actually is psychology behind it.
I don't believe in psychology.
That's clear.
There's that witty retort I've been waiting for all night.
All right, let's move on to release dates.
We're going to travel the world and check out what's coming out to a store near you
and eventually we'll get through this show.
Loki, I'll save yourself some time because there's only one thing that's coming out this
week that you really need to pick up and that would be Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon.
And that's, of course, assuming that they didn't release it on Saturday wherever you
live, because that was the case.
In fact, since we're getting into it now, I will explain why it's being released on
Saturday because it's a funny story, actually, and it also goes to show you GameStop.
They're fucking assholes.
Okay, so get this.
D3, they put out the game.
They shipped it to stores or whatever like that early and stuff like that.
They misprinted the street date number on the master cases that went out.
So it said, Streets July 2nd, despite the fact that all their paperwork, the street
date letters, et cetera, say July 5th.
GameStop's going, no taking backsies, no taking backsies.
It fucking says the second.
We're putting it on the second on all systems, even though it was only the 360 master cases
that they messed up on.
Instead of D3 saying, hey, GameStop, I understand that we did misprint that on there.
But the street date is still the fifth.
Could you put it on the fifth?
They're like, fuck you.
We're putting it out whenever we goddamn feel like it.
And so that's kind of what happened.
And because...
Pinchpoke, you owe me a Coke.
No take backsies.
It's basically now everybody's kind of putting it out because, well, GameStop's doing it.
And they advertise it on the website.
They call it all their pre-order customers.
They're assholes.
But hey, you know what?
The benefit of it is that you get to play the game early.
And a lot of people are going to be putting it out as well other than GameStop early.
So you know, bug killing on the 4th of July doesn't sound too bad.
So the moral of the story is D3, learn to type.
Yes.
And that's coming out on PS3 and 360 this week.
And I kid you not, that's literally the only thing that's coming out this week.
Let's go to Japan and look at the releases there coming out in Japan this week.
Also their own version of Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon comes out this week on the
360 as well as Knight's Contract.
L.A. Noire finally gets a release this week on the 360.
I'm not sure how localized that game is for Japan.
I imagine for it to have come out this fast, it's probably just subtitles and not full
redone stuff, especially with all the actors and stuff.
It's probably subtitles.
I'm going to just guess on that.
On the PlayStation 3, Angel Senki comes out as well as Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon.
Infamous 2 gets its Japanese release this week.
Just Cause 2 gets a price reduction.
Knight's Contract, L.A. Noire, a game called R.U.S.E. moves into the Ubisoft best collection,
Tom Clancy's Hawks 2.
Also a best collection price reduction this week on the PS3.
It's a busy week on the PlayStation 3.
Moving on to other consoles, let's see if I can get to the Wii or the 3DS here, my list.
Oh, my list is starting to show Vita releases, but not until December over in Japan.
No hard dates yet.
I think those are all placeholders, just so you know.
Sony PSP, Suzumiya Haruichan no Mahjong.
They're doing a Haruhi Mahjong game?
Yeah, look at that, right there.
Check that out.
I play it.
And it's Mahjong.
There you go.
I don't know how to play Mahjong, you should teach me.
You've never played Mahjong?
Okay, I played Shanghai on the old Macintosh, I don't think that counts.
That's Mahjong Solitaire.
I'm talking about, like, for real, Mahjong.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Tekken 6 gets a price reduction this week on the PSP.
Let's see, the Nintendo Wii, a red Wii remote plus control.
That's all that's coming out on the Wii this week.
But 3DS gets a couple games, Dr. Lotrek Toboyaku no Kishidan comes out from Konami.
This is...
It's Dr. Lork in the, I don't remember the fucking subtitle to it.
Okay, so it's that game.
It's from Konami, it's coming out in September.
So it's not Professor Layton.
It's very similar to Professor Layton, but it's not.
Next week, by the way, in Japan, you can look forward to this, not this week, next week,
the 14th, the Flare Red 3DS and Star Fox 64 are the big releases in Japan next week.
UK.
One thing Virtua Tennis 4 on the 8th for PC.
That's it.
Oh, hooray.
I love tennis.
Moving on.
Who plays tennis on the PC?
Couple more news stories for you guys, and then we're gonna get to the classic game of
the week.
And I'll tell you what, this week's classic game of the week is old.
No, really old, you guys.
Yeah, it is.
All right.
Loki.
Um, game for Windows, well, at least the marketplace is gonna be no longer, is actually merging
with Xbox.com on July 11th.
And that's all you need to know, I guess.
They tried to overhaul it back in November, and no one cared.
So now it's gonna be part of the Xbox marketplace.
Awesome.
This actually kind of makes sense.
I mean, games for Windows was having a hard time kind of finding its market, especially
versus Steam, to merge all the gaming into one place and to really kind of homogenize,
if you will, the Xbox gamertag and the experience and all that, bringing that, you know, connect
to PCs even and all that, kind of bringing that all together.
That all seems kind of smart for Microsoft.
So this seems logical.
So I guess there's really not a lot else to say on that.
Nope.
It'll be interesting, though, what will happen with the Windows 8 integration.
That's what I'm most curious about, because you know it'll somehow integrate into Windows
8.
And I'm really curious how Microsoft is going to tie together the 360 and Windows 8.
Now there's only so much they can do, because, you know, they don't want to get...
Well, the new interface looks like Windows 8.
That's an optional interface, though.
That's one thing that...
Thank God.
...they haven't been... that was one type of interface that you can have.
Like Windows will still have the traditional way of doing it.
Oh, wait.
That's right.
Optional on Windows.
My mistake.
You know.
Required on 360.
So.
Well, it's just like, what is that thing called?
The multimedia Windows thing that you can do on the 360?
I know.
Windows Media Center.
Windows Live or whatever.
Like, you know, that was a lot of what was shown in Windows 7, but how many people really
use that?
Like, I can't use that in my house.
It's too damn slow.
So I don't know how many people use that, but there you go.
All right.
Anyhow, one other story for you guys, and then we'll get into the Classic Game of the
Week.
This is about a different classic game, GoldenEye.
A domain has been spotted for a game called GoldenEye Reloaded.
Not just one domain.
A bunch of games.
Is it possible that last year's Wii game will be coming out on the 360 and PS3?
Could it maybe be getting a sequel?
Nobody or could it just mean fucking nothing?
It could be any of the above, but that domain has been spotted and it indicates that GoldenEye
is not quite dead, even though the Wii version got kind of lukewarm reviews.
But what would happen if that game came out in HD on the 360 or PS3?
That I would say that's actually kind of rad if that happens.
Someone had already done the translation to, like, HD already, but it got kind of tied
up with the whole rights being owned by different people.
Yeah, but does Activision pretty much solely own the James Bond stuff now?
Yeah, but I think that's why GoldenEye came out on the Wii and not on the other systems,
because the other James Bond games are terrible.
All right, let's go to the gaming vault.
And we're going to take a stroll down the gaming lane and find a classic video game
in the vault that Dark Soccer says, hey, you kids need to respect where your games come
from.
You know, you wouldn't have Earth Defense, Forts, Insect, Armageddon.
You wouldn't have The Last Story or any of these games if it weren't for games such as
this one.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
This is a game that I played when I was five years old.
Wow, so this would have been like 50 years ago?
Shut up.
Just kidding.
It's called The Quest for the Rings, and it was on the Odyssey 2 and video pack.
Came out in 1981.
Let's listen to some of those bleeps and bloops.
Yep, that's what the game sounds like.
That's when it's having you pick your class.
Let me get to something like...
That's going to hurt our listeners' ears, but there you go, it's in the background.
I love this game.
And keep in mind, I played this game actually for a few years, because when I moved next
door to a couple other friends, they had an Odyssey 2.
So I got to play it again, and I loved the game even over the years.
But okay, Quest for the Rings basically was sort of...
It's what Gauntlet should have been based off of.
It was very gauntlet-y, but you know, this came out, you know, four years before Gauntlet
existed.
It had a board game released with it.
It was a combination of a video game and a board game.
Came in this huge-ass box, it was gorgeous, and you had one person who was the ringmaster.
So sort of like a combination between playing the D&D board game and playing Gauntlet, you
know.
So, you could play the board game with the stuff that would go on in the Quest mode,
or you could actually just play the game in Quest mode and play through the different
levels.
This was the game that I was trying to remember the name of, like, a few episodes ago.
So you had four classes that you could play as.
You could be a warrior, who, he can, you know, kill stuff.
You could be a wizard who can stun other, you know, enemies.
You could also be a changeling, who could turn invisible, except when the changeling
was invisible, you couldn't see him either.
And then there was the phantom, who could walk through all kinds of walls, except for
one kind, and he did it at half-speed.
Which actually, I would usually pick either the phantom or the changeling, but the phantom
was super convenient to have, because there were levels later on where the walls would
change location.
It was super aggravating.
Okay, the gameplay video stopped because there was only about two minutes of it, but can
I, I found this related video that I'd seen before that's actually pretty funny.
This is how games were marketed back then.
I want to play the commercial for this game real quick.
Wizard of Odyssey, is the keyboard really the key to greater challenge in video games?
Of course it is.
You can play strategy games like Quest for the Rings.
Plan your strategy on the game board.
Use the keyboard to change heroes, enemies, racers.
Be a wizard, ultimate, fire a dragon.
Take that dragon.
We wizards hate to lose.
Master strategy series, only from Odyssey 2, where the keyboard is the key to greater
challenge.
By Odyssey, get $82 worth of free games, including Quest for the Rings and Pickaxe Pete.
Take that dragon.
I had pick, we had Pickaxe Pete too.
Dude, just $82 worth of games, so that was $41 a piece.
So this game, with its bleepy bloops, $41 in 19, what is this commercial, 1981 I think?
Yeah.
Was this commercial?
And that's, I mean games were expensive.
Yeah.
So.
Now.
It's interesting too that they used the keyboard.
It's really the niche for the Odyssey.
I guess just be competitive with the 2600, like real gaming uses a keyboard.
Which is funny because that argument is still used today.
Well, the other thing with, with the Odyssey 2 is that it was also advertised as an educational
system too, because there were a number of educational games on it.
Like one that we used to play all the time was Crypt Equip, where you put in a word.
Okay.
Well, we're still talking classic into the week, so.
You put in a word and then it scrambles it, and we would always pick one person in our
group that had to unscramble the word, and so they'd have us face the wall, except whenever
it was me, I mean I was always really good at it anyway, but the wall that they would
have us face had a mirror on it.
And I've been able to read backwards since I've been able to read.
So it was never that difficult.
And this also was a system that had K.C. Munchkin, or was it Munchkin or Crazy Chase that was
the Pac-Man clone?
K.C. Munchkin I think it's called.
Yeah.
Which I've actually got a couple copies of.
But there was a cease and desist put on them.
So to find, I mean it's not really super expensive, but to find a copy of K.C. Munchkin is, you
know, kind of a find.
So what made this game awesome to a five year old?
Well, it was just that you could, you know, you could fight a dragon, but the dragon,
you know, you couldn't kill the dragon.
And it was just an adventure game, like look how awesome the dragon looked.
The big green blip.
That was serious graphics!
Godzilla!
It's Godzilla!
I'm going to show everybody what this picture looks like, because I mean seriously, that
was pretty hardcore awesome graphics for, you know, when I was five.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Oh, I'm sorry, there's more?
Yes!
Oh, it sounded like we were done.
Alright, then what else?
Well, I was going to tell you about the other things that were in the game.
Oh, okay, well please do.
Well then let me restart the music.
You had five kinds of monsters, and they had the most awesome names.
There were orcs and fire wraiths, who were really, they actually looked just alike except
they were different colors.
One was pink, one was blue.
Then you had dragons, which they basically moved left and right across the screen, but
if you got in the way, they'd be like ROAR and run at you, and it would be like, oh shit,
it's a dragon!
And there was the nightmares that had different names.
There was Spidroth Tarantulas, which is a giant spider, and Doomed Wing Bloodthirst,
which makes me think that the designers of WoW played this game and took inspiration
from the characters in the game.
But I mean, I always, this is one game that I seriously thought they should totally remake,
because it was just, the theory behind it was so awesome.
It really was.
It was simple, simple gameplay, but it did it so effectively that I don't think any other
game has been, you know, if I'm looking back to this as one of my favorite classic games
ever, then, you know, it's gotta have something, say something for it's staying power.
But I'll go ahead and actually link what the cover looked like in the chat room, because
it had a really epic 80's cover, because, man, that's when people actually drew shit
by hand.
Alright, I'm done.
Classic giveaway of the week, the quest for the rings for the Odyssey 2.
Damn that's old.
Alright, we're gonna take a break here, but don't worry, there's plenty more of Orange
Launch Radio to come, thank god there's no work tomorrow.
Fear!
So yep, we can stay up late a little bit.
Pinkberry run!
Pinkberry closes at 10, we're not gonna be done by 10, I hate to break it to you.
I'll send the husband to come get it.
Now that I can play into.
Alright, we gotta take a break though, when we come back, there's plenty more Orange Launch
Radio to come, we're gonna talk about Portal 2, we're gonna talk Minecraft, we're gonna
talk DDR again, somehow it's making its way into the show, PSP remasters, and plenty more
when we come back.
Your Twitter topics as well, twitter.com slash o-l-r, get those in in the next few minutes
so we can talk about that when we come back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Launch Radio.
We are live on this July the 3rd of 2011 with the 418th episode of Orange Launch Radio.
If you're listening to us live at All Games Radio, why don't you head on over to our chat
or chat.orangeloungeradio.com where you can chat with us live and give your instant feedback
on the stories and just have a good time with the other OLR listeners.
If you're listening to us on the podcast though, thank you, hope you've enjoyed whatever we're
helping to fill your day with, I know we have a lot of folks that listen to us while they're
at work and so forth, so thank you for downloading us and choosing to spend your day with us
because it's a pretty long show, especially this week, so thank you.
And if you do like Orange Launch Radio, of course we do always encourage you, please
help spread the word of Orange Launch Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
You can also visit Ice-Tunes, why did I say Ice-Tunes?
You're thinking of vanilla ice.
No, maybe this lovely cup of ice water I have.
In that case you should stop.
Alright, you can visit us on iTunes and leave us a nice 5 star review or if you are not
an iTunes user, there's plenty of podcast sites wherever you found this show, you should
leave a nice review and help send other people over here.
While you're out shopping for podcasts, might I recommend one of our other Orange Lounge
production shows, I guess you could say, The Best Little Hoard House in Azeroth, www.hoardhouse.com.
It's a show about the world of Warcraft and it's myself and Extifer doing lolsy Warcraft
chat and this week was a real fun show.
We talked a lot, there was a brand new patch in WoW this week, 4.2, and also huge news
about Warcraft.
It didn't make this show roll, probably because I already talked about it on Hoard House,
but WoW has gone free to play in some ways.
Level 20, basically what existed as the free trial before is now an unlimited trial, it's
not capped to 14 days, so you can play all the way to level 20.
Lots of restrictions with that though, I don't think you can join a guild or what have you,
but more information about the Hoard House Guild and all that stuff is on hoardhouse.com.
Now DarkStalker, I understand you guested on a Warcraft show this week, right?
Yes I did.
Can we talk about it?
Yeah!
Ok, cool.
I was on Girls Gone WoW, which you can go to their website at girlsgonewow.net and they
are UK players.
Yes.
Which, we actually got into a discussion about, we really wish that there was some way that
we could cross zones in play, because you can't play on...
Oh yeah, it's one of the biggest drawbacks of WoW is that there's no way for us to roll
on Europe and they can't roll on us, unless you actually buy that region's copy of the
freaking game and do it that way, and it's kind of a pain in the ass.
That's butt-tarded.
So, but the host over there still, we're good net friends, because she's been on Hoard House
a couple of times now and always brings the lulz.
But I signed up on their forums.
They're fun people.
Great!
And we had a really, really good time, really long discussion.
I hope to go back again, prospects seem hopeful.
Excellent!
And they were just great people, all three of them, I really enjoyed the time I had.
Wonderful!
Don't you just love, what's her name, EJ's accent?
Yes.
Love her accent.
Love it.
I just want to put it in a little voice box and open it.
The haters are gonna hate.
She says, fuck all, better than anyone I've ever heard.
Okay, by the way, we got a tweet from the Girls Gone WoW show on Twitter, at twitter.com
slash o-l-r is our Twitter and ggwshow is theirs.
I loved having DarkSakura on our podcast.
She was an amazing guest.
I'm in your show, kidnapping your host, kisses.
So.
Okay.
Hey!
No!
You're here first.
I'll call you to that chair.
No, I think that's great.
Also, since I said it on Bobby's show tonight, I guess we could say it here.
There is a third podcast in the works.
Yes, there is.
And we're looking at taping the pilot in the next week or so.
And I'm hoping we'll have more information soon.
But that's all you get.
I can say one thing.
What's that?
It will involve a Dan.
Okay, we can say that.
Yep, it will involve Dan.
It will involve Dan.
Yeah, we're gonna leave it at that.
I said a Dan.
A Dan.
It did not say which Dan.
It will involve a Dan.
Alright.
Let's get into some rapid-fire news.
Let's go to the news that there's lots of news this week and some of it we just don't
have time to talk 15 minutes about like we did some of those Nintendo stories tonight.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Uh, yes.
This is kinda neat.
Kotaku, I don't know if they've been doing the actual translations themselves, but they've
been running on their website every Thursday starting a couple weeks ago, localized versions
of Retro Game Master.
Now for those who haven't heard of Retro Game Master, it's a show in Japan that has this
game master who plays through old classic games and there's kind of commentary going
along with it.
So it's like the same thing I see on billions of YouTube channels and just on TV.
But it's funny, you know, he has trouble with some of the games and it's his commentary.
Professionally written, I guess?
I guess, I don't know.
So the first episode was Ninja Gaiden and then of course this week's episode was Super
Fantasy Zone.
But you can check them out, they're streaming, like I said, every Thursday on their Thursday
at 8pm Eastern is when they have the thing going.
So check it out.
I mean, this is the type of stuff that should have been on G4 back in the day when they
talked about games.
That was the Portal 2 information.
Portal 2...
Can I back up real quick?
Sorry, I was talking to our chatters who now, of course, are asking a ton of questions on
that little tease about the other podcast.
They teamed up with Kotaku to put the episodes out?
Yes.
That's interesting.
I mean, I'm not going to Kotaku, it's a fine website, what have you, but it's just interesting.
It's not like a big Hulu or Netflix or even YouTube, it's a very kind of niche gaming
site.
I mean, it's one of the bigger gaming blogs, certainly, but it's just an interesting path.
I don't think of Kotaku television very often, so it's interesting for them.
Yeah.
So anyways, Portal 2, they had a map contest recently and they've had the winners chosen
for that, and it's part of the Summer Mapping Initiative contest.
The winning map, I guess a map called Patent Pending, took top prize.
Also another called Infinifling, that was, I guess, focusing on mid-air portaling techniques,
that was second.
And then Endifice, which is based on some destroyed Aperture Chambers, picked up an
honorable mention.
Now, all these are available to download at, of course, the Portal website, thinkingwithportals.com.
And many other user-created levels, so if you've played through Portal 2 already on
PC and you want to go back and try some custom maps and stuff, you can go and download these
and it's really easy to access them in-game.
So I haven't really played around with this yet, but I always thought if this came out
it would kind of all be integrated into Steam, but it's not.
Like I have to go to this website and do, like, I don't have to hack my game per se,
right?
But don't I have to have this dev mode or something?
No, not really.
You just, you pull up the developers, the console in the game by hitting the title key,
and then you just, there's a simple command you put in there.
Hmm, okay.
Well, that's cool.
To play the stuff.
So, yeah.
And, I mean, it'd be kind of cool if they integrated it with, like, some sort of map,
you know, option in, like, a menu or something like that where you can just select a map
and play it.
Or, you know, maybe make multiple maps or something like that so you can have your own
single-player campaigns.
And, of course, obviously, not something that you're going to be able to play on consoles
yet.
And then, finally, Left 4 Dead 2, apparently they had a little Easter egg in there.
There was a community-made campaign called Suicide Blitz 2 in Left 4 Dead 2, and it's
one of the officially featured fan-created add-ons for the game.
And it has a very neat Portal 2 Easter egg buried in it.
Apparently, if you, um, you find a portal, I guess, into the actual Aperture Science
in there, and it says, uh, you can, um, I guess, figure, you find the Aperture Science
and also Companion Cube, Propression Gel, Special Infected Zombies, and all sorts of
neat stuff.
I was watching the video, there was a video attached to the story that had two giggling
girls playing the game, and, um, it was, it looked really well done, like, from what I
was watching.
So, uh, yeah, I mean, it looked like you were frickin' playing Portal, but inside Left 4
Dead.
So, I like those wacky, zany crossovers.
Yes, and I like how you have to find a gnome.
Yes.
But they have her voice and everything, the infamous GLaDOS voice is in there.
So, that's really cool.
Very cool.
Alright, going to some other stories.
Uh, Street Fighter 4, the ports keep on comin'.
This one is called Street Fighter 4 Volt.
It's coming out on the iPhone.
It will have three new fighters and Wi-Fi support.
Uh, Volt, it's now available.
It's not something you have to wait for.
It was announced at a Capcom event in Tokyo, but it's available now.
There are three new fighters available.
Balrog, Vega, and Cody.
Keep in mind that when Street Fighter 4 was ported to the iPhone, not all the fighters
from the game made it over.
So yes, having some of these characters in it is new.
Seventeen fighters available.
So there you go.
Uh, you can get Volt for a buck, but the price is going up each day by one dollar.
So about now, it's about $3.99 or $4.99.
On July 6th, the game will be $6.99.
That will be its final price.
But you know what?
They have these 99 cent sales all the time, so if you miss it, you can like wait a month.
Just wait.
You can do it.
That's Street Fighter 4 Volt.
Uh, also, uh, in Retro Gaming's Getting Upgrades, Boulder Dash.
You remember this game, Boulder Dash?
I remember this because this was huge on the Commodore 64, uh, was the series Boulder Dash.
And I think a lot of the, um, old PC, er, not PC, sorry, old computing platforms like
the Apples and so forth, this game saw some type of port on it.
These games were huge back in the 80s.
Well, it's getting a remake, I guess you could say.
It's an HD update.
It's coming to Xbox Live Arcade very soon, July 13th.
Uh, it will be just shy of the Summer Arcade promotion.
Unfortunately it's going to be going up against Ms. Splosion Man, so, uh, it might fall through
the cracks a little bit, but if you're fond of the old game on the 64 or whatever computer
back in the day, Boulder Dash XL is on its way.
Uh, it will have seven times the amount of caves as the original 1984 version.
It's coming out from Calypso Media.
There will be a new puzzle mode with items like speed enhancers and telescoping arms,
online leaderboards.
It will set you back 800 Microsoft points.
There will also be a PC version late in the summer if you are a personal computing purist
and you don't want to play the game on one of those evil consoles.
Speaking of evil consoles, there's more news on the Wii U and, uh, it has to do with the
Zelda game.
Well, Nintendo has come out and said, hey, that Zelda game that'll inevitably come out
on the Wii U, yeah, it's not really going to look like that E3 demo.
So that video we showed and all that, that was just, that was all concept videos.
So just, just so you know, it's not necessarily what's going to happen.
Hey, you remember when we originally showed Zelda on the GameCube and then we put out
Wind Waker that was all cel shaded?
Yeah, that, that might happen too.
This all coming out from an interview with Zelda longtime producer Eiji Onuma who said,
so when we show a graphic demo, people think, oh, this is what the next Zelda will look
like, but that's not necessarily the case.
And, uh, they also cite, again, the Wind Waker GameCube comparison there.
So, uh, confirmed Wii U Zelda to be cel shaded, right?
Okay.
Maybe not quite.
Dar Sakura, what do you have for us?
Rock Band!
Because we like Rock Band.
New download content.
It will be For What It's Worth by Buffalo Springfield, Man on the Moon by R.E.M., Aerials
by System of the Down, Hypnotized by System of the Down, and Turning Japanese by The Vapors.
And for Aerials and Turning Japanese and For What It's Worth, there will be Pro Guitar
Bass Expansions available for another 80 Microsoft points.
Yay.
And next up, Final Fantasy Tactics for the iOS is delayed.
That's according to Squeenix's Facebook page.
Needs a little bit more time, so it's going to be in late July instead of June, um, as
they said it would.
I think that might be a little old, but it's going to be on, you have to have the bare
minimum of an iPhone 3GS to play it.
And this is the remake of the Playstation 1 version, so it's the good one.
And then, last but not least, oh, you addict people, Minecraft!
They passed 10 million registered users.
And that's according to Marcus Person's blog.
So they are now officially at 10,005,304.
The people who actually bought it are in the 2 million range, so.
That's still pretty good.
2 million copies of the game, 1 out of every 5 are buying it.
Yeah.
That's not bad.
But they say that basically they're getting 42,000 new players registering in the last
24 hours.
Can I take my registration back?
Just kidding.
I'm not that big a jerk, I promise.
Well yay for Minecraft, and yay for our Twitter!
Every week you guys send us tweets at twitter.com slash O-L-R, and we read some of your tweets
here live on air.
Not a lot of tweets tonight, actually.
There's like, not a lot of Twitter news tonight.
Uh, MNZeba says this tweet saying, uh, Xenoblade, or Monado, Beginning of the World, is actually
number 3 on the Best Sellers in Nintendo Wii Action Games list at Amazon.com.
And she gives us a link here to Amazon.com Best Sellers.
It's actually up to number 2 now, just so you know.
Super Smash Bros. Brawl is the game that's beating it, and it in turn is beating, Monado
is beating Lego Pirates of the Caribbean, Super Mario Galaxy 2, and Lego Star Wars.
So, interesting.
I mean, granted, keep in mind, we are looking at just the action game list.
I want to see where it ranks overall.
I'm looking at the overall list, and it's number 16.
That's still not bad overall, but just so you know, overall, Monado is being beat by
a Wii Nunchuck controller in black, and the HD component cable, which is number 8.
Another tweet to us from Tiger Claw sends us a tweet saying, Space Station internet
too slow for online video games.
Uh, let's see, it links us to a Kotaku article here.
Regarding life in space, everyone has three questions.
How do you poop?
Has anyone screwed, and can you play video games up there?
They poop in a vacuum tube.
It's true.
They poop in a vacuum cleaner.
Our soccer would know the answer to that.
Anyhow, a Canadian astronaut, I didn't know they had astronauts in Canada.
Canadians in space.
That'd be a great sitcom.
Anyhow, Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield said that the internet connection aboard the
International Space Station is simply too slow for games.
He compared it to a 56K dial-up modem, but I guess the reason why it stinks is because
of the space station's orbital velocity speed.
That thing moves at 5 miles per second, because keep in mind, it's orbiting the Earth.
So Hadfield was the first Canadian to walk in space, and he's going to be, he's in line
anyway to become the first Canadian commander of the space station.
And clearly he must be a gamer.
This all came out during a Canada Day event in Edmonton.
So thank you for the link, Tiger Claw.
Uh, Blinder says it's a tweet.
Blinder222, to be specific, on Twitter, says, did any of you play the Uncharted 3 beta?
Sadly, I haven't.
I want to, but I just registered my PlayStation Plus yesterday, because remember, oh by the
way, PSA, it's July 3rd, this is like the last chance for you to get the stuff in the
Welcome Back program.
You don't have to download that stuff, you just have to pick what you want.
Oh, really?
I think.
I mean, I'm assuming, because it appeared on my-
Just fucking download it if you're going to get it.
The servers are fine now.
No, it appeared on my, uh, my download list now, but it's just, I, you know, because I
have my PlayStation up in the front room and I have to drag, you know, an ethernet cable,
because remember, old ass PlayStation, no Wi-Fi built in, because it's a 20 gig.
Um, so I have to put, um, you know, an ethernet cable, drag it into the front room, and see,
last night I wanted to play Earth Defense Force online as well, and yeah, I can do that
with my console, but for some reason I wanted to plug it in.
Anyhow, uh, yeah, so I, I, I'm going to check it out hopefully in the next week, but I tell
you guys, I have like a backlog of games to play.
I still have Loki's L.A. Noire, I haven't even touched yet, and I have, um, uh, two
racing games that I have for my rental service, and I have touched none of it, because I've
been playing this new Warcraft patch, I've been playing the other games I've been talking
about, and Final Fantasy 13, I'm up to 30 hours in Final Fantasy 13.
Rob.
What?
Are your racing games PS3, any of them?
They're Xbox 360, but they're from my rental service.
Oh, I was gonna say, uh, we've got like a huge driving setup for PS3.
Oh, fun.
Nah, it's 360.
I got, it's, uh, Test Drive Unlimited 2, and one of the, one of the Need for Speed games,
whatever.
Shift 2 Unleashed?
Uh, I think it's...
Or is it Hot Pursuit?
I think it's Hot Pursuit.
I don't, I, I have to look.
I don't remember.
What's the, not, wait, no, isn't Hot Pursuit the one they just announced that isn't even
out yet?
No, the runs the one they, they announced, Hot Pursuit is the one that came out last
November.
Oh, that one looks badass, I gotta say.
That new one looks fucking rad, I wanna play that.
No, Hot Pursuit is the one that came out back in November, Shift 2 Unleashed was the one
that's sort of like Project Gotham that came out back in March.
And then, uh, yeah, the run's the one that's coming out later on.
So yes, at some point, I will get to Uncharted 3 before they close the beta, it's just, you
know, I gotta, I actually have a pretty big gaming queue right now of stuff I wanna play,
and I'm still trying to beat Final Fantasy 13, which is just, like, I'm, like, so into
it right now.
And, like, it's spreading.
Like, did you see Bobby Blackwolf, our, uh, guy before us here?
I should finish mine.
He, he posted a tweet last night, he said, you know what?
After a year, it's time for me to beat Chapter 10, which is funny, because I didn't struggle
on that same boss fight.
There were boss fights I struggled on, but not that one.
There were some, there were some Eidolon fights that made me wanna just, ugh.
I'll have Saz's Eidolon, I, I, I, oh my god, I went crazy on that fight, just so you know.
I have to find my save, it's on one of the hard drives I have, because I've swapped hard
drives around.
I know it's not on that console, because, um, you know, that's the internal hard drive.
But I have to track it down, and once I do, then I'll play it.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Uh, another tweet, last tweet here, from TigerClaw305 on Twitter, Professor Layton movie is getting
a US release, and, oh, I hate these websites that have ads you have to click through, uh,
let's see, um, Professor Layton, a manga and an animated feature film, the latter, Professor
Layton and the Eternal Diva, excuse me, was first released in Japan in December 09.
It wasn't something you'd necessarily expect to make it out of Japan, but an English version
was created for British markets and was released last year.
See how they do that Nintendo, they release something that's, you know, English language
and release it in British markets, and then they can come over here without any, any effort
whatsoever, because it's already translated into English.
As revealed at Anime Expo 2011 this weekend, the feature length animated film is on its
way to North America, reports Anime Your Way.
It was actually fairly well received, and the developer, Level 5, has already commissioned
a sequel and would like a new movie out annually.
And I'd like to add also, but seeing as we're talking about anime movies coming out soon,
um, they announced a Trigun movie coming out, and that's awesome.
The trailer, did you watch it?
Yes I did.
Oh, that's so nice.
It will take place, obviously, during the series, because, uh, for, you know, obvious,
obvious reasons.
But that is very exciting.
Alright, that's it for Twitter topics tonight, let's get back to some other gaming news,
Loki.
Alright, let's talk a little bit about Minecraft, since, uh, we were just talking about Minecraft
not too long ago.
Uh, Minecraft 1.7 is out now, and it adds pistons and deadly sheep, because, you know,
I think that kind of reminds me of, what was it, the black sheep, um, movie that they put
out a while ago, where the sheep are zombies.
It's funny.
Uh, but yes, pistons, though, you can make, uh, more complex machines now, so that's kind
of cool.
And, um, also, apparently, uh, Minecraft update 1.8 has been, uh, delayed a little bit, by
a week, and 1.8 would add, uh, the Minecraft Adventure mode, and that'll be coming, uh,
very soon.
Apparently, um, 1.8 is released in the next few months, and they're saying that they're
also starting the crunch for the full release, which is gonna be on 11.11.11, so, yeah, neat.
And the Adventure mode, I believe, was, like, where you can actually create your own, um,
I think, I know that they've added maps recently, but, uh, maybe you can make your own kind
of, like, Zelda-type game or something.
It should be kind of neat.
Definitely adding a lot more stuff to this.
At some point, I'll have to check it out, just not yet.
All right.
Uh, DDR News.
Uh, Dar Toagak wants to know, before I get to DDR News, does Loki have Minecraft, question
mark.
That's from our chatroom.
Um, I have it on my iPod, actually.
Oh, that's interesting.
Uh, cause, you know, that one, uh, Minecraft app or whatever that came out and they got
pulled immediately, yeah, I found it.
So, um, I have that, but I haven't really, I mean, trying to use it on iPods is just,
it's retarded.
Um, no, I haven't really played it yet.
I had, I thought I had downloaded it at one point, but I, I guess not.
All right, um, moving on to, uh, DDR, and this is about a new arcade release.
It's Dance Dance Revolution X3, uh, Konami is moving on with the DDR series, which I'm
just kind of like shaking my head at, but, um, I don't know, I do find this kind of interesting.
The full title of the game is going to be Dance Dance Revolution X3 versus Dance Dance
Revolution Second Mix.
There will be a second mix mode in the game where you can play the full version of Dance
Dance Revolution Second Mix, including all the licensed music that appeared in that game.
Would that include Strictly Business?
Because that song-
That would be great.
I don't think that is possible.
I think Strictly, it's got to come from the version where Strictly Business got taken
out and a different song got put in, but anyway, we're digressing into too much DDR nerddom.
Uh, but anyhow, there, they will be introducing new features into the Second Mix game, including
eAmusement capability.
Of course, X3 is really the highlight, and that's the game they want you to play.
Four hundred and eighty tracks in total, uh, standard DDR music, uh, mix songs, uh, let's
see, uh, variety of Bimani artists, transplant songs from other Bimani series, eAmusement
Gate, a community-oriented website for Konami games that allows players to form groups,
share scores, and interact with other players.
That actually sounds kind of cool, um, will it make an arcade here?
I don't know.
Could it get a home release that good?
Doubt it.
See, that's the-
That's the-
Why can't I get that as a home release?
See, this is what pisses us off so much, is like, they put all this effort into DDR for
the arcade, which, you know, we would love to believe that the arcade is still, you know,
a viable place to have these type of games, but at the same time, they can't just strictly
port this to the home console.
Whatever happened with the problem being, you know, back in the PlayStation 1 days,
just take the arcade release, you put it- bring it home, and you add a couple things.
Done.
That's it.
People loved it.
Now you gotta change it up now.
I don't understand the point.
Oh, it's because probably licensing 480 songs for home would be a little bit expensive,
I guess.
I don't know.
Alright.
Well, I'm- I'm curious about this whole, like, second- I mean, second mix, just to put it
in perspective for those that haven't followed DDR like we have, it's like 11 years old.
What- the game came out in 99, right?
That was the first one I owned, was second mix on Dreamcast.
Yeah, so it's weird that they're kind of going back to that.
I mean, dude, I wonder if second mix will have- what was that fucking mode that's only
in second mix, Jamie?
It was like your favorite fucking mode?
Oh shit.
Unison?
Dance battle.
Dance battle.
Maybe that'll come back.
Yeah.
That would actually be kind of rad.
Dance battle was awesome.
Dance battle's the one where you would have a measure where you could just make up your
own steps, and then the other player had to do them.
Yeah.
So you could just- You could only have like two- two things at any beat at a time.
Yeah, I mean, you couldn't go too shit crazy, but they would have to do whatever you just
did.
I mean, we used to just try to fuck each other's day.
And also, on top of that, there was no Vivid.
It was all flat.
Ooh.
We didn't have any of them speed modifiers either.
We didn't have any of them fancy full video backgrounds neither either.
I mean, this was at third Korean where you could switch it into second mix.
Yes.
Or SSR mode in second mix on the Dreamcast one.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You know what SSR was, people?
Those were all the nine footers.
I'm really curious to see how this translates in the arcades, but we'll see.
They'll fuck it up somehow.
Prove me wrong, Konami.
I dare you.
You should play Strictly Businesses, our transfer music, after birth.
Remind me after the show.
All right.
Moving on.
Ah.
Dark Sakura, right?
Oh, yes.
Sorry.
Stop playing on Facebook.
We're trying to do a show.
Nah.
By the way, can I say something that's pissing me off about Facebook?
What?
I'm still not in the Civ world beta.
That pisses me off.
Just saying.
Sorry, Rob.
I'm mad.
Don't be mad.
Get even.
So, guess what?
Kazuo Hirai is now the chairman of Sony SEI.
Yeah, he's now the head doodoo in charge.
And guess who is replacing him as group CEO?
That would be Andrew House.
He's taking over.
But guess what's happening to Ken Kutaragi, the crayon eater and helmet wearer.
He's retiring for reals, except he's going to hang around as senior technology advisor.
He's going to a very special home where they serve crayons for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
He's going to be eating the rest of his dinner through straws for the rest of his life, because
they don't give you food that you can hurt yourself with in the home.
He's going to be eating some gurber.
No.
But yeah, he actually did retire, but he's remaining behind as senior technology advisor.
And yeah, it seems like a really crappy time to do, like, oh, you just had the most insecure
system ever, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, here's a promotion.
But really, the fact is that Akira Sato retired.
So that's why they're shoving people up.
We knew there was going to be a management shakeup coming, though, after everything that
they went through the past few months.
But I thought it would be deserved firings.
Sackings.
I like the word sacking a little more.
The people have been sacked.
I would like them to be rendered redundant.
All right, moving on.
Loki, what do you got for us?
We were talking...
You're watching the Giggling Girls video, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
It looks like it's...
Oh my god, it's so awesome!
Oh my god, it's GLaDOS, oh my god!
And now for two Giggling Schoolgirls.
By the way, that is the third podcast that OLR is working on.
It's Giggling Girls playing video games.
I'm just kidding.
Wouldn't that be the Giggling Lesbian Show?
I wish, if they still lived here.
Anyways.
The PSP remaster titles that were announced during both E3 and at their own events, they're
basically able to do this because of the help of a PSP engine, a software development kit
that Sony put out regarding these PSP remaster titles that allows them to be able to port
them into HD.
And with high-resolution rendering, stereoscopic 3D, and wireless controller support for Dual
Shock 3.
And apparently, they haven't announced any more remaster titles other than Monster Hunter
Portable III, and then also, of course, there's, I mean, they call it the remaster title, but
the God of War Origins collection, which is coming out, that's basically the two PSP God
of War games.
But yeah, it looks like we're going to see a lot more of these, because they've run out
of ideas.
Funny!
Sorry, I'm slow.
I'm chatting with listeners about Final Fantasy XIII.
We're talking about what parties we use, and they're telling me that, somebody, who's telling
me that they use, Dungeon Buster is saying, I think it's lightning saws and vanilla, I'm
like, who do you have as a sentinel?
Because you don't have a sentinel in that party.
Like, you have to have Fang or Snow, and I don't use Snow because he's a whiny vagina,
but I like Fang, because she's hardcore, so I use her as my sentinel.
Anyway.
Oh yeah, PSP remasters, cool, cool deal.
Any of those worth getting, you think?
Um, I didn't really play Monster Hunter, and God of War, I don't know, God of War would
be fun to play, I guess.
I haven't really played in, I only think I went through all the way in two.
I know I didn't play all the way through in one because my, it glitched out of me in one,
the very last boss.
Going on to anticipated games, Gears of War 3 has leaked to the internet already, uh oh,
this is a, not a finalized build by the way, but it does have the full campaign and there
are some multiplayer modes.
This could be the E3 build of the game, but not sure.
They say it's a developer build, or what they call, oh and you've heard this term on the
show before, a JTAG version of the game.
You may need a special modified Xbox 360 or dev kit to run it.
It's a developer.
But Loki would never indulge in that, because that would be wrong to download that and play
that.
Yes, that would be wrong, and it's a developer version of the game, because JTAGs basically
can operate like a developer's console.
I have a dev kit too, so that'd be.
So if you're trying to keep yourself spoiler free on Gears of War 3 stories, you might
want to leave the internet.
Yeah, you might want to take a break from the internet for about six months, or whenever
this game is supposed to come out.
Uh, yeah, careful.
Because they do have, I mean they have a bunch of different, I guess, builds in here.
Uh, they have like a testing, shipping, release, and then multiplayer.
So they're testing a bunch of different things.
By the way, I love having a podcast.
Can I just say that?
I love this.
Like, you know, I was just bitching a minute ago that I'm not playing Civ World, and one
listener just said, oh, there's an invite in your inbox now.
Awwww.
Love the internet.
Love it.
I love it.
I wish Google Plus had been that easy.
If I didn't invite you, like, during that 90 minute window that one night, you got screwed.
I didn't get my invite.
I know, because they shut it off.
Like, I cannot invite people now to Google Plus.
Fucking retarded.
It'll be, it'll be opened up soon.
For others.
We'll see.
Uh, there's not a lot on there right now.
It's just, you know, yay, I'm on Google Plus and it's not Facebook.
Like that's what every status update I see on there is right now.
Hey, it's not Facebook.
Also it's not Facebook, but is ten times more awesome is our mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Every week DarkSakura opens up the mailbag and dives in and reads some emails.
She's gonna share them with you right now if she can stop playing on Tumblr.
I'm putting something important to other artists on there.
Well, I will tell you what it is, because it's actually pretty cool.
The iCloud logo is actually using the golden ratio, um, as its design background, so anyway.
Nyeh.
It's important.
See?
People like circles.
Okay.
This one is from Robbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb, it's called Implications of Brown vs. EMA Ruling.
You'll talk the subject to death this week.
I find whenever I try to explain this to a non-gamer, they not only don't care, but they
think it doesn't affect them.
Every time they play Solitaire, Farmville, Bejeweled, take an online test, give games
to their kids, or anything else software related, they're doing so without fear of breaking
a bunch of state-by-state laws.
Soon we won't do anything without some sort of interactive media, be it a question or
a controller.
It affects everyone in the USA.
My two bits without repeating a story, Robbbbbbbbbbbb.
I've given him some more bubbas.
And okay.
There is, uh, a couple, actually one from Game Politics, another story that he linked,
about Star Wars Galaxies players filing a class action lawsuit.
Wow, really?
I want to know more about that, actually, because the game is shutting down soon, right?
Yeah.
So they're filing class action lawsuits?
Why?
It's one of the lifetime subscriptions, isn't it?
So basically it says that more than 50 Star Wars Galaxies players are filing a class action
lawsuit against Sony, and there are a bunch of other players that says that they will
do the same thing, um, because Sony is shutting down, they basically are having, you know,
their petitions go up, but the problem is that they agreed that Sony could cancel the
game at any time.
So uh, they're SOL.
I'm pretty sure that's in the terms of service for any MMO, even Warcraft.
They can pull the plug at any time.
Remember Warcraft shut down in China for four months?
That could happen here.
Yeah.
It won't, but it could.
Well, also, um, about the whole Resident Evil mercenaries, basically, um, Amazon customers
are actually putting like huge, huge negative reviews on Amazon.
Like there is one person saying, I don't care how much fun this game is or how good it looks
or how much it costs.
There's one save slot.
Save data is permanent and cannot be deleted.
Capcom is attempting to set a new precedent and consumer manipulation and control with
this product.
Yes.
And then, um, dear Sakura, Loki and Roger.
Roar, this is Roger Roberts.
This, this week a game company did slash said slash didn't do slash didn't say something.
This thing is the worst thing in the history of the world and ever.
That's bad.
Roar.
112.
Stay black for entertainment.
This message has been brought to you by corn corn, great addition to tacos, bad addition
to Silent Hill.
After all, adding corn to tacos has never caused haze.
Not for my iPad.
I'm allergic to corn of all kinds.
So I'm assuming my name got auto corrected to Roger.
No cause Julian called you Roger.
Oh, he said happy birthday Roger.
That's right.
Happy.
That's right.
I remember now.
Shit, I forgot to bring back the cake plate.
God damn it.
Which by the way, a certain someone is listening right now.
Hi.
Oh, I hope, I hope the four year old's not listening with all our potty mouth language.
Didn't you say you wanted to say something to...
I said it on Facebook.
Okay.
Take care of that.
Okay.
I didn't know you wanted to say something publicly.
Well thank you for the cake.
I think I expressed that last week.
Sorry.
No, no, no.
It's fine.
Nah.
Okay.
This is from Chiggers, which that's the worst nickname ever.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
No, I love that nickname.
Do you know what, do you know what those are?
Uh oh.
Is this something really...
They're bugs that burrow under your skin and lay their eggs and infect under your skin
and then the eggs hatch and they come out of your skin leaving these weird zombie like
trails on your arms.
I've seen it happen.
That's kind of awesome actually.
It's really disgusting.
Um, dear OLR, long time listener, six years, first time emailer.
By the way, hearts, I've noticed PS3 is now starting to put out TurboGrafx-16 games.
Do you think it's possible they may try and get some games that were released out on the
NES or Saturn from any third party publishers?
Keep up the good work and belated happy ninth anniversary.
Yours truly in Hoard House, Gildy, Chiggers.
I really hope that you didn't name yourself after a bug that lays skin and...
I kind of hope you did.
Lays eggs in your skin and explodes everywhere into red bloody masses.
And Becky says she has no idea why Julian called you Roger.
Cause kids get confused sometimes.
He was nice.
It's cute.
Four year olds can get away with it cause it's cute.
And then he screamed.
Anyhow, as far as the whole PlayStation 3 TurboGrafx-16 games, no, they will not get games on the
NES, SNES, or any of that because that talks...
Even if they were third party.
Even if they were third party because you're emulating the hardware that doesn't belong.
And so I think the whole licensing and all that would be...
I mean they would have to completely redo the game.
Completely redo it.
And I just don't see that happening.
They're not gonna.
Yeah.
I mean never say never just like Nintendo, herp-a-derp.
It would be hilarious if they did Saturn games on a PlayStation at all.
That would just be lol.
Cause the big competition was the Saturn and PlayStation back in the day.
Or what about PlayStation games on a Dreamcast?
That I have three video games that I can play on my Dreamcast.
That's the joke.
Was it what?
It was Tekken and Crazy Taxi.
Tekken 3 and Crazy Taxi and Metal Gear.
Metal Gear Solid.
Was it really?
Yes it was.
That was all Bleemcast by the way.
They were Bleemcast.
I remember when I tried to run Bleem on my PC, granted this was way back in the day and
that did not work.
I remember when I had an emulator that worked better than Bleem.
And we were trying to play Street Fighter EX3.
That was lolsy cause it still ran like crap.
But yeah.
Tekken actually did look a lot better on Dreamcast.
Just saying.
That's it.
Email us.
Mailbag at OrangelaungeRadio.com.
Make Dark Sakura work more next week.
Send us more emails.
Mailbag at OrangelaungeRadio.com.
Meanwhile, we do a segment here every week on the show that sometimes has to do with
video games.
Sometimes not.
Why?
Because we can.
FUs of the Week!
FU to everybody who's eating at Wendy's today, Rob.
Haters gonna hate.
For not bringing me a Frosty.
Cause I wanted a Frosty all day.
I didn't get a Frosty, but the berry tea was very good.
I'm not gonna lie.
I even told my husband to go get me a Frosty.
And you know what he did?
He went across the street and got a hamburger.
And then he brought me one and I just had a hot dog.
Oh, from your neighbors that are cooking?
Yes.
We're doing our barbecue tomorrow.
You did tell the neighbors it's July 3rd, right?
No one cur.
FU to Wendy's for sucking.
Hey.
Cause they have terrible food.
Somebody sent me a coupon for free Frosty since you gave Rob a Civ beta thing.
One of them is game related, the other is not.
Don't care.
I want a Frosty.
Frosty's the best thing ever.
Do you know what Miek Latov tried to convince me was a good idea once?
Dipping your french fries into your Frosty?
No, dipping chicken McNuggets into Frosty.
Gross.
The Wendy's don't have McNuggets.
There's people that love that.
You know what I mean?
Like chocolate shakes.
And Rob?
What?
It's gross.
I was gonna say Miek Latov, hey, I don't know if he's still working, no you don't still
work in Gamestop.
No, he definitely does not work in Gamestop.
I need the DLC for Earth Defense Force, I need to pick up that pre-order shit somewhere.
Ask the listeners.
Someone sent me the DLC for Earth Defense Force.
And you will give them?
Nothing.
A high-five.
A handshake.
Can't even do that.
Alright, my F.U. of the week goes to, this is a work-related F.U. because I don't want
people thinking it has to do with other things.
It's work-related.
F.U. to surprises.
Work-related surprises.
Alright, that's really it.
Otherwise things are actually pretty good.
Let's move on.
Yeah.
So, this is kind of neat, I mean, unexpected, I guess, because life goes on, I guess.
But, Tokyo Game Show's gonna have a pretty good showing this year.
They're up to 146 exhibitors over the 138 in 2010, and of course people are like, ah,
you know, earthquake, and old developers, ah, they, you know, suffered from it.
I mean, it's been, it's gonna be a while, and you know what, life does go on, you know,
so it's gonna be up, they're expecting to see, I guess, or they're gonna try to reduce
the power usage during the show.
They're gonna drop it down 25% versus 2010 as well, and, but overall it's gonna have
a really good showing.
So it's pretty cool.
That's great that it seems like it's gonna be such a big, big show, and just, it's great
that they're kind of bouncing with all that recovery stuff, so I'm very happy to hear
it, actually.
So there you go.
Moving on to one last story here about music, music-related stuff.
First off, if you didn't already know about this, I imagine most of you listeners already
have downloaded this and put them on their iPods, but if you are the one that has not,
more Portal 2 free music is now available, volume 2 of the Songs to Test by, 18 new tracks,
14 ringtones for your iPhone and Android devices.
I had no idea that there were ringtones in there.
I need to look more carefully at this stuff.
You can check that out.
New songs include Bring Your Daughter to Work Day, I Am Not a Moron, and Potatoes Lament.
Which is actually really cool.
You can also have the orange or blue Portal sound as your messaging ringtone.
So like, I would love...
Unless you have an iPhone.
Don't you wanna have your...
Oh, really?
It doesn't work on iPhone?
Because you can't change your iPhone sounds for your messages.
That's why I didn't notice it.
Yes, you can.
You can.
For messages?
For messages?
Only for the ones that they put on your phone.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
Volume 3 is coming soon.
How soon?
I said soon.
Also in music-related news, another Rockman Arrange album, of course you know that, here's
Mega Man, Rockman Unity announced a new Rockman Arrange soundtrack.
We Are Rockman is the...Rockman, excuse me, is the podcast.
It includes Mashihiro Aoki on guitar, Yasumasa Kitagawa on bass.
He did work on Tatsunoko vs. Capcom All-Stars.
Mitsuhiko Bleep Bleep Boop Bloop Maestro Takano on drums, and there will be some guest musicians
as well.
Otherwise, we don't have a lot of details about the album, but basically Capcom's greats
are getting together to do some Rockman Arrange music.
Gotta be cool.
That kind of sounds like what the Black Mages did for Final Fantasy.
That's kind of what that sounds like to me.
So there you go.
Alright, that does it for gaming news tonight.
We're done.
We're out of here.
But not until we open up the Skype line and take some calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio.
Give us a call and you can talk with us.
We can talk about any of the stories we talked about tonight, or maybe we missed something
that you wanted to talk about.
Do you want to talk about Nintendo and the localization, or maybe you want to talk more
about, I don't know, Minecraft or Gears of War 3 leaking, whatever you want to talk about,
give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio.
In the meantime, you know I'm going to ask Loki if there's any last minute stories.
So apparently, because to celebrate Independence Day, you can now dress up your avatar on Xbox
360 as a Confederate soldier.
Awesome.
Oh boy.
Go south.
I don't know, that's kind of weird.
Not at all a bad thing.
What do you mean that they, oh, but ok, it's just like you do the right combination of
hats and gear.
No, they have Civil War uniform, 160 Microsoft points.
Really?
Interesting.
I mean, but you could do also, you know, the other stuff.
They have also, you know, some funny hats, because everyone loves funny hats.
I love funny hats.
It'd just be weird though, like, since a lot of that DLC doesn't translate over though
into games, it would still be funny like playing, you know, seeing it or something like that
with a civil, you know, a Confederate soldier or something.
Anything else in last minute news tonight?
Uhhhhh.
Earth Defense Force is awesome.
I actually watched you playing that a little bit over there.
It's really hard.
It seriously, and I'm only playing it easy.
Apparently if you play the harder difficulties, you can turn your AI bots off.
I don't even want to know.
It's just, and then once you beat the game, they also have campaign remix where you can
play with different enemies spawning.
So it's got a lot of gameplay built in there.
I'm sorry if I'm just ranting about this game, but it's just, it's worth picking up.
You are a little bit, but it's fine.
We all knew this would happen.
You've been talking about this game for like a year.
Exactly.
Just you wait until Saints Row 3 comes out.
I mean, you think this is bad, oh no, not even close.
I actually kind of want to be there when you're playing Saints Row 3 for the first time.
It is gonna be just...
Like, I don't know how I can do that, but I need, we need to have a Saints Row 3 party.
It's gonna be fucking nuts.
Okay, so here's something we can talk about.
You can stream it on the internet except, oh shit, we would be breaking the law.
1877 Game O.L.R., username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio if you want to give us a call.
Bunchy Aerospace was finally announced what that is.
It's a partnership program with social and mobile devs where they're basically gonna
help either publish, promote, or, you know, draw interest for different games that are
coming out on these platforms where they may not get as much interest.
So that's kind of cool.
Unfortunately, they will not be building spaceships as not part of the aerospace program.
Let's go to the phones.
We have a call.
1877 Game O.L.R.
after this is done.
Hi, OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
Hi.
Pleasure, Zaku here.
Hi, Zaku.
I'm just trying to recover before tomorrow and everything.
Well tomorrow is when the real parties are supposed to happen.
What not?
What?
Tomorrow is when the real parties are supposed to happen.
I don't know.
Just like a barbecue at my place at home.
Oh, okay.
That and trying to go out with this girl tomorrow.
Well I hope he gets some.
What's on your mind tonight?
Uh, nothing much.
Just like trying to lament over the fallout of, you know, what transpired last week with
the whole Supreme Court decision, which I know you probably covered in great detail
before this call.
We did, but what are your thoughts?
I don't know.
On one hand, it's like they're grasping at straws and trying to legislate something that's
already been declared protected speech for all intents and purposes.
So it's like the people who were, you know, the ones who pushed the, you know, the particular
person that pushed the law and, you know, and actually got the law, you know, introduced
the law and got it passed, well he's, he's, he's basically not giving up in that sense.
He thinks he can wrangle his way through the constitution when it's pretty clear, even,
you know, it's pretty clear that, you know, when you ban something like this, that's no
matter, no matter if you put lipstick on, on that same bill, it's still going to be
unconstitutional because they've already...
Well, but what about how there were a couple justices that basically said, you can regulate
games just not like this.
That's maybe leaving the door wide open for somebody else.
I know it's, some have said it's a 5-4 split in reality because two of them concurred with
the, you know, two of the other justices concurred with Scalia.
Right.
Yeah.
So it's basically, it's like they weren't, they weren't for it, but at the same time
they were in between.
So it wasn't like, you know, if you really get, if you really go deep into that decision,
there's not that much, there's only like a, you know, a thin, you know, a thin margin
of just prevail, of prevailing opinion.
What do you think about this?
Something that's just like, that it barely got through.
Let me quickly ask you, what'd you think about this other bill we spent some time talking
about tonight, the whole, you know, no more streaming of movies and games and so forth?
Oh, that one is, that one right there, that's a landmine.
I'm pretty sure if it ever comes to court, it's going to, one way or another will know
what impact it has.
Right now it's very murky.
And you're just waiting, and they're just waiting, you know, the feds are just waiting
to at least use it on something.
I can't wait for the 12 year old- Some guy just like leaking a trailer on YouTube
or just posting up a gameplay, gameplay footage.
And for some reason, you know, some, some video game company, which doesn't, you know,
which took offense to that whole act, will stick the feds on him.
Think about it.
I can't wait for the 10 year old to get sued for posting a YouTube of her singing-
That's the thing, it's not even sued.
He's actually, you're going to see federal agents roll up in his house.
Singing Lady Gaga's Born This Way, when Lady Gaga herself loves that shit and posts about
it to Twitter.
There's some 10 year old girl that she invited on stage with her because she loved watching
her YouTube performance.
I understand, but guess who owns, still has control of the music.
No, I get it, but I mean if I- The label, remember, Lady Gaga's only one person that
until she's met the, until she's already honored the contract with her label, she doesn't own
her music.
She's a slave, just like Prince was, hence the symbol.
Exactly.
And that's the thing, unless you own your master tracks and you can take them anywhere
else, then you have control of it, otherwise you've already sold your soul to the label
and they'll be the ones taking the feds on that 10 year old kid.
All right, any other quick thoughts before we let you go and get another call?
Yeah, take advantage of these sales right now on the sites of Amazon, Steam in particular.
Lot of really good stuff to be had right now.
Great FYI in chat from William Murderface, always love that name.
Oh, if anyone's looking for a Diablo 2 fix and does not have Torchlight, it's on sale
for $2.99 on Steam today.
That's a $3 game, I'm thinking about it right now.
If you even remotely like Diablo or Diablo 2, you will get $3 worth out of Torchlight.
But I played that game years ago, all I remember is just mashing my mouse, just click mashing.
It's very much a dungeon, well here's the great thing, do you have a 360?
Yes, but I- Go download the demo.
I want to just do it from my end, I want to keep it old school.
We can at least download the demo to see what the game's like, all right.
I gotta let you go to get more calls, take care buddy.
I think Torchlight's a great deal, but yeah, it's a dungeon crawler, so I don't know if
you aren't into the dungeon crawlers, you may not like it, but we'll see.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's Ronmo, what's up everyone?
Not much, you know, just hanging.
Chilling, smoking a little, you know- Doing a show.
Smoking a J, no I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding, we don't do that.
Oh, pass it over this way, man, it's the fourth.
What's on your mind- Yes, I can think of no better way on spending Independence Day than
burning various things, including fireworks, our money, and a J.
I'm not gonna complain, so it works for me.
Only in America will we celebrate fire, what's on your mind?
I have this one question, I've been meaning to ask you guys this for long, so I keep forgetting.
The answer is no.
God damn it, Ron!
What's the question, I'm kidding.
Okay, now back at E3, Konami had announced that they were re-releasing, I believe, Zoner
the Enders and Silent Hill as the collectors of all the games together?
Correct.
Yes.
Now we had a discussion about that on Twitter, half of us are saying that Konami pretty much
turned their back on the fans, they're just looking for a quick pop.
The other half are saying Konami is doing this to garner interest into the series to
see if it's worth another game.
What do you think?
I think it's a little bit of both, to be honest.
I think it's, you know, why not make a little more cash on games that were previously out,
although they are having to re-do them and so forth, you know, they're having to change
it up a little bit, but if the game sold phenomenally, they would really have no choice but to continue
the series, you know what I mean?
Like the Metal Gear selection will sell well no matter what, but, you know, Silent Hill
1 will probably sell alright, although it's really weird that 1 is not involved, but I
guess it has to do with all the voice acting, I don't know.
But yeah, you know, I think the games will sell alright, and as far as Konami's motivation,
I mean, it's hard to say because the whole repackaging thing, you can't like say that
Konami is the first to do it, so I think they're just jumping on a bandwagon that people have
shown they want to be on, God of War has already done it, the Ico games and Shadow of the Colossus,
all that stuff is being read out, you know, so the gaming populace has already shown they'll
buy it, so you can't really blame Konami for putting it out there.
And even stuff that's come out recently, like the Prince of Persia trilogy, the Splinter
Cell trilogy is coming out a little bit later, and Tomb Raider, they already did all those
as well.
Okay, I understand that.
Now do you think maybe time could be also a factor in this compared to like, if the
games came out within a certain range, and maybe a couple years later they put out the
collection compared to maybe waiting like five, six years later for a complete collection?
I'm not sure I follow you, these collections are coming out next year, so...
I mean like, let's say like, they put out Zoner Yenders 1, 2, and 3 with let's say like
in 2000, 2001, 2002, and like in 2005 they put out the collectors of all three together.
Now let's say instead of 2005 they wait like till about now to put them all out, they wait
like almost ten years.
But they're gonna upres them and make them more current, you know.
They're redoing them in HD, so I'm okay with it.
Let's also be honest, how's this any different from the movie industry?
You know, the movie industry does this shit all the time and we eat it up, like how many
times did the Star Wars movies come out?
And they're coming out again on Blu-ray, and I know tons of people that'll be there right
when they come out.
Well, I don't mean to interrupt, Rob, that's because George Lucas turned his back on the
fans and he's a money-grubbing whore.
I know that, but the new Star Wars is really awesome.
But what about like, okay, Harry Potter.
When those movies come out, they come out on Blu-ray, and then you can get a box set
with one through five.
And then when six came out, you buy six, oh and then now it's a box set with one through
six and maybe some other bonus features, a preview of seven.
Oh, now seven's out.
Now there's a box set of one through seven and there'll be a preview for eight.
And there'll be another box set when eight comes out and it'll have the special features
online, Uber, God, Poopy Pop, what?
Book seven was the last one.
But there was eight movies.
I'm talking about the movies.
I know, book seven was two movies, but I see your point.
I was just trying to be an ass.
You're trying to be an ass.
Wait, wait, wait, now hold on a second.
Is not, is not this new movie the eighth movie coming out?
I understand it's two parts, but it is, in the line of movies, the eighth movie.
Yeah.
Yeah, yes.
It is the eighth movie.
It is.
Watch Warner Brothers release both movies together as movie seven.
Just the fuck with you.
It's just like Twilight.
Aren't they splitting the last one into twos?
There's five movies.
Yeah.
As if it hasn't drug out long enough already.
Let's put the last one in the two.
DJ Morin, DJ Morpheus in our chat room says, actually Lord of the Rings is the biggest
DVD horror.
That's yeah.
Now Blu-ray horror because the super extended editions, yes.
As if that movie wasn't long enough and theatrical re-release bullshit, which I don't give a
shit about and I won't go see, I wouldn't mind going to see it.
I know, you know, it's, I don't know if I should admit this.
I never saw the third movie.
I saw, I saw the first two opening day nonetheless.
I never saw it.
For me.
And people are going to go, oh, you're a hater, but the whole point is that I read the books.
The movies were good.
I'm more interested in the Hobbit coming out because I like the Hobbit better than I liked
the other books.
I can't believe you read those books.
I've tried to read those books.
I can't like, I'm like, speak a language I can read.
Tolkien was so fucking boring.
It's a good story, but my God, we don't need that much description of the grass.
Rama, I got to let you go and get more calls.
Rob, before I go, I just want to say in response to Twilight, I love that picture you posted
on your Tumblr.
The one of the stakes on the fence that says in case of sparkly vampires or break off in
case of sparkly vampires.
Right.
And I think I posted it and I put, how about screaming fangirls too?
Yes.
And before I go, I'm going to say, I dedicate this picture to you that I put on my blog
post.
I just posted it in the chat.
All right.
You got it.
All right.
Later.
Sorry for the awkward silence there.
I was typing an important message because there's a YouTube I want to find real quick
there.
So I'm trying to find it there.
Let me look at what Rama posted to his Tumblr.
Hold on one sec.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
And I'm following the link and let's see.
I love that.
It's haters going to hate, but it's Frankenfurter from the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
You see this dark Sakura?
That's awesome.
Okay.
You need to put that on Tumblr so I can reblog it.
It's on Rama's Tumblr.
Okay.
Then I'll reblog it.
If you follow him.
What's up with...
Now it's Tumblr.
There was LiveJournal, which I'm a permanent member of, so I always have to love LiveJournal
forever and ever.
There's Facebook.
There's Myspace back in the day.
Friendster shit.
Twitter.
And now it's fucking Tumblr.
I never used Friendster.
I never used it.
Really?
How did you avoid that?
It was...
I love my LiveJournal so much.
That was me.
All right.
Take one more call real quick and then we're going to wrap up the show.
Let's go to our own Orange Pots Radio.
Hey, it's Blender.
Blender!
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing.
You know, I kind of wanted to go back to this whole class action lawsuit that you guys were
talking about with these online games.
These Star Wars Galaxies?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What's up?
I think eventually somebody's going to find a loophole and actually get in on this.
I know you guys...
A couple of you guys are into Disney and all that.
Do you remember the Virtual Magic Kingdom game?
I don't know if you ever heard of it.
I remember the NES game Adventures in the Magic,
oh wait, no, no, no, online.
No, no, it was the online MMO.
I don't think I ever played it.
That they put out for the 50 year anniversary.
You know what, I know I'm familiar
with some of the Disney MMOs.
I know Club Penguin and I know that they're infamous
for not letting you type.
You can only select from select phrases.
Well, no, no, no, well what they did is
for the 50 year anniversary, they created an MMO,
which was, it was a free walk through Disneyland Park
and you can create friends and meet people.
And it really messed up some people
when they closed that site down.
In fact, I got a link.
I don't know if it's gonna post, but.
Rob, Peter was telling us about that
when we were at the park.
I don't know, I just.
Because I have a pen from it.
Oh, that's right, that I do remember.
Yeah. Yes, I do.
Yeah, I have one of the links that I just picked.
It was from joystick.com
is when they closed the actual site.
And you know, it was really devastating
because I was actually on it for like two years.
And it just, it killed a lot of kids.
There was like 10, 11 year old kids that could,
or even younger that couldn't play this game anymore.
And I really think that somebody's gonna find a loophole
with closing down these large MMOs
that they're gonna, you know,
find a psychological way to get out of this.
They can always, it's weird though
that a company should be like locked into doing it.
You know, like, I'm not sure I agree with that,
but I think the nice thing, quote unquote, to do,
if you're gonna pull support for your game altogether
is to go the Phantasy Star route.
And when they closed up Blue Burst,
they just said, here, open up your own damn servers.
And if you wanna copy your characters over,
here's how you do it.
Like, isn't that right?
Dark Soccer, you followed this better than I did,
but Blue Burst, when they went under,
Sega was very much like-
Sega was like, here's your character data
and you can transfer it to the server of your choice.
Yeah, but you're in an interesting position
with Star Wars Galaxies because they probably just don't,
they want those people playing the BioWare Star Wars game
that's coming out.
They don't want them on the old game.
They don't wanna split the fan base like EverQuest did.
A lot of people look at what EverQuest did
and say, oh boy, that was a mistake.
They should have never put out EverQuest 2
because people were still tied to EverQuest 1
and didn't wanna play it
and then it split their fan base.
That's why there will never be a World of Warcraft 2.
There will never be a World of Warcraft 2.
The closest thing you get are these expansions
such as Cataclysm that changed Warcraft so drastically,
it's almost like a sequel.
So the way you're talking about it is breaking it up
instead of like, for example, Virtual Magic Kingdom
where they closed it down totally.
They should have gone open source
so somebody who loved it could have kept it going
but how can you force a company to do that?
Yeah.
You can't.
And it's so funny because we were,
I had a bunch of friends on there
and we were on there for, oh, we'd go on there every day.
And the thing was, the kids that were on this actual site
weren't allowed to actually give out emails
and communicate with each other.
They were only allowed to talk on this Virtual Magic Kingdom
You weren't allowed to give any personal information away.
Right, right, because you were very restricted
to what you could say.
All of a sudden they said in a month from now,
we're closing the site and it's done, that's it.
And you should just,
God, it just killed a bunch of these little kids, you know.
It's sad, but at the same time,
how can you force a company to keep something going
that's not making them any money?
Hey. Right, right.
There's a-
If the miniature golf place closes down,
what can you do about it?
Yeah.
Someone's actually made a quote replacement
called Virtual Family Kingdom.
Oh no, no, yeah, I've seen that one.
It was actually a lot, everybody jumped over to that.
That was sponsored by the Smithsonian Kingdom
or Smithsonian Institute.
Interesting.
But it was just, it was horrible.
I mean, we went over to that.
But I don't know if you guys saw the post that I put,
like you should see some of the stories that were,
there was actually people protesting in front of Disneyland
the day that it closed down.
Wow.
Because they were so upset.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, maybe they'll be protesting on Starbucks.
The only thing that ties in with the class action lawsuit
that you guys were talking about
is I think that somebody's gonna find
a psychological loophole that's gonna say,
you close down this site that I've spent so much time into,
I'm gonna be able to get some money out of it.
I don't know.
I still think the terms of service
are gonna ultimately let the companies come out ahead.
But we'll see.
All right, we'll see.
I gotta let you go, buddy, so you wrap up the show.
All right, thank you, thank you.
Thank you for your call.
Appreciate it.
It was a good topic.
I like that.
Blender, live on OLR.
We're gonna show off the Skype line.
Sorry to you guys who didn't get through
on the Skype line tonight.
But if you wanna send us an email with your thoughts,
mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com,
or of course you can always tweet us, twitter.com slash OLR.
By the way, I found this,
you know, DJ Rama was talking about Twilight
and how much he doesn't really like Twilight,
but yet, I don't know you guys.
I got sent this YouTube,
and this is a YouTube of DJ Rama S
actually watching the Breaking Dawn trailer.
And let's see.
Let's see how Rama actually reacted
to seeing this trailer the first time.
Cool.
Fucking massive boobs.
Shh.
Ah.
Ah.
Oh my God, I'm still living in mine.
No.
God, Rama, you're getting really upset over this.
I'm so sad.
No.
No.
Don't get naked.
Don't get naked, Rama.
You were the one talking about vagina
in the chat room earlier.
No.
Stop it.
All right, let me tell you what this really is.
This is some chick.
So let me just pop, show me this video.
It goes on for seven and a half minutes.
It's a trailer reaction video to this chick.
And I guess what she did, what is this?
She was internet famous for starting
the Fuck Stephen King movement when, I guess,
Stephen King knocked the Twilight series
and said it was badly written.
And that's a video of her watching
the Breaking Dawn trailer for the first time.
Well, it was badly written.
I tried to read a page of that.
And I was like, who let this woman write?
There should be a class action lawsuit against Bic
for selling that woman a pen.
All right.
She's, I blame her for being Mormon.
I love DJ Morpheus in chat.
That's just cold, Rob.
That's coming from Travis of all people.
Dude, that's just cold.
All right, that's gonna do it for another week
Orange on Trail.
Or do we have any other last minute news?
Did I miss anything?
I think we got it.
Just real quick stuff.
I'm alive.
Supposed to be coming out still.
But because the classifications are found
on the Australian website
and Crisis is supposed to be coming
to PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Cause it is on the SRB.
All right.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought tonight.
Before we get the final thoughts,
I wanna thank you once again
for listening to Orange on Trail
and supporting us over these nine years of our program.
Of course, we're here to do it every Sunday night.
So if you've never just come out for a live show,
it's a bummer.
Tonight would have been a great night
cause many folks out there don't work on Monday.
But you know, if you have the time in the future,
please do consider joining us for a live show.
We do tape live at All Games Radio,
allgames.com.
Sunday nights at six Pacific, nine Eastern,
right after the Bobby Blackwood show.
You always say specific.
Specific, six Pacific.
It's cause they all kind of run together.
I talk too fast for radio.
You know what?
That's why I'm stuck here.
You know what?
What?
It also goes along with like one of my pet peeves
and songs.
So people instead of saying, don't you say, don't you?
Oh, don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
I was like, you, not chew.
Chew is a sound that mice make in Japan.
Chew is a sound that what's-her-name makes
in Space Channel Five.
La la.
Because it's chew.
Ooh la la.
Ooh la la.
You know, actually Space Channel Five part two
is on Steam for six bucks.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
I already have like two copies of it.
Very nice.
Lots of good stuff to buy on Steam.
I tell you, BitTrip Runner,
if it's still $2 and 50 cents is a great buy.
Anyhow, that's gonna do it for another episode
of Orange House Radio.
Please help spread the word.
Da da da da da.
OrangeHouseRadio.com, join our website,
check the forums, all that good stuff.
We really need to get the activity on the forums again.
I gotta really think about how we can get those going.
But meanwhile, let's go around
and get everybody's final thought for tonight.
So, Loki, we'll start with you.
What's your final thought tonight?
I need to work in some more
Earth Defense Force this weekend.
Got to play it for a few hours last night.
Really need to play more of that.
My final thought of the night is, you know what?
Vanilla and Hope, they aren't that bad.
Like 30 hours later, they aren't that bad.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Lesbians.
Fuck yeah.
I just looked at Alan's Twitter.
I mean, Tumblr.
Wait, what's Alan tweeting about lesbians for?
This is his picture.
Oh, and don't buy, my other final thought,
don't buy your games from eBay.
Unless they're, well, I guess the used market's okay,
but just be careful.
Be a buyer beware on eBay.
All right, that's-
Just look at the feedback before you buy.
That's it, guys, have a wonderful night.
Thank you so much for downloading, tuning in live,
however you listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate it.
Thanks for joining us and inviting us
into your lives for the past three hours.
We hope you consider doing it again next week.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show,
visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com,
but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
