As time rolls on, retro gaming becomes even better. News this week of a new Genesis cartridge compatible upscaling console breathes new life in the cartridge collections. That's just one story of video gaming past. Stay tuned for plenty more, including the present and the future, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 749 for this October the 21st of 2018.
Joining you in studio, myself, Rob Roberts, and say hello to Loki with me, as always.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm here.
Yes, you're smelling up my whole house with garlic with your food choice tonight. No, but you went to a place that I recommended to you, so I'm psyched to have you try it, because some of the best-
Halal chicken, or fried chicken.
Yeah, halal fried chicken, and I went there for the first time with Alan like a week ago, and I was like, dang, that's some of the best. And they don't pay me to do these ads, by the way.
I know you listen to a lot of podcasts that start off with ads, they're gonna tell you about some boxed meal thing, or some bed. No, this is just legit, like, our lives, and you know what, sometimes I get really excited about food.
So, I felt the need to share, yeah, I thought this place was really good, so.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah, they just took a little bit of time getting stuff ready, but it's good.
It happens, it happens.
So I got chicken and waffles.
Uh-huh, as one does.
Well, now all I have is waffles, because chicken's gone.
Chicken's gone, but the chicken was good?
Chicken was pretty good, yeah.
Yeah, chicken was good.
Probably could have gotten more chicken.
Did you just get, like, strips, or did you get, like, the type you eat off the bone?
I got, like, chicken legs.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, drumsticks.
I like chicken, I like the fried chicken, yeah, the drumsticks are good, yeah.
Yeah, so I could have gotten the strips, I guess, but I, this is really my only meal
today, so I was like, I can do whatever I want.
Izzy or this, I'm gonna drive to Quiznos, the only Quiznos that's still around my house.
I didn't know there was anywhere left.
Which is, like, all the way by the other freeway, and, like, it's, like, 20 minutes out of
the way, but I may go there next week.
Okay, all right, we'll check in with you.
Next week, you know, it's kind of a landmark number, so it's 750.
Oh, yeah.
Dark Sakura, not with us tonight.
She'll be joining us a little later via Magic for the Classic Game of the Week, which is
kind of fun this week.
It's a little two-in-one, you'll know what I mean when we get there.
But Dark Sakura, she'll be here next week, and it actually kind of works out, because
next week is 750 episodes of OLR, which, you know, I don't know, like, I know a lot of
podcasts will celebrate 50, 100, and, you know, every episode of which we're celebrating
that your show's still going, you know, 200 and so forth, but, you know, what are the
landmark numbers after, like, 500?
I think 750 could be a landmark number, because it's like three-fourths of the way to 1,000.
I don't know, is 750 kind of a big number?
I think it is.
I think it is a big number.
So Jamie will be here with us next week in studio.
It just happens to also be the week that she's able to arrange her work schedule to be here,
so that'll be very nice.
So, yeah.
But this week, we have a lot of news to get into here at the top of the show.
I wanted to talk about the podcast thing real fast, though.
I know I kind of cracked a joke there, but not that I'm usually one to read other podcasts,
because, you know, I'm a big fan of supporting every indie podcast, and I think you guys should,
you know, I really want to promote people making their own stuff, you know,
especially people that don't feel like they have a voice out there.
I really, especially with some of the news today, good God.
Like, I'm just like, please elevate more voices so people can relate to, you know, people.
And then, anyway, I'm getting on a tangent.
But for, like, some of the non-indie stuff, I got to shade a little bit.
Like, I was checking out this one podcast.
I won't name the podcast, but it's a top 50-ish iTunes show that I do enjoy to listen to.
And I started the show, and I swear to God, it was like the first five and a half minutes
were nothing but there was, like, a commercial at the beginning.
There was an intro where the hosts talk about other shows on the network that you should be listening to.
And then they played a full minute clip from one of those, like, other shows.
And then, like, finally five minutes and a half in, they finally get to the topic.
And I'm like, this is asking a lot of your audience for an hour show.
Like, I realize, as a gaming podcast, it's a three-hour, you know, two to three-hour gaming podcast show.
We don't always get right into the video games, but, you know, at least I'm not, like,
plugging your ear off with other stuff and, you know, mattresses and food supply and books on tape.
I mean, I support podcasters.
That's how they gotta make money nowadays.
I support podcasters' right to make coin, don't get me wrong.
I'm not trying to say, like, oh, we're better than that. That's not what I'm saying at all.
And I told, you know, one day we might have an arrangement, but I would just like to think
not five and a half minutes at the beginning of your show, you know what I mean?
Like, sprinkle it out a little bit. Save it for a commercial break in the middle or something, you know what I mean?
I don't know. What do you guys think in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com?
Because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, and that's an ad I will always give for free,
is for our pal Bobby Black Wolf, so there you go.
Tigerclaw on chat says, most podcasts use Patreon to support them.
That's true. That's the way a lot of indie podcasts have gone.
Even with the Patreon, though, usually it's like, you know, we've got our Dollar Shave Club and...
Well, that's not Patreon.
Well, no, with that.
Oh, that and commercials. Yeah, I gotcha, I gotcha.
I'm trying to think of all the ones that I commonly hear.
SeatGeek or like...
Well, don't give them all free plugs now.
All the different VPNs and stuff out there.
But anyway, no, I was gonna say, no, I'm fine, and we do not have a Patreon for the record,
but that is a choice that we made for our own reasons,
and if other indie podcasts want to use Patreon to support them, I'm all for that.
Go for it.
So, you know, we have talked about other things that we might do instead of Patreon in the near future,
and if you've been paying attention the last couple months, you can probably figure it out pretty quick,
what direction we are going in, but, you know, I don't know.
Anyway, I'm also going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, Dark Tetsuya in chat says,
I can see you doing ads during the break, but right off the bat, come on now.
I'm even okay with like a little opening ad.
Like, okay, I will name this one by name because I'm actually gonna compliment it.
I love this show called Why Won't You Date Me with Nicole Byer.
Have you watched Nailed It on Netflix?
The show with the cakes that they...
Have you seen that? Okay.
She's the host and she's fucking funny.
And she has her own podcast about basically the title, Why Won't People Date Me.
You know, and just get into dating times, like a love relationship type of podcast.
And she always opens with her own ad, but like she's funny and she makes a lot of the stuff funny.
And then it's like the one little ad and then the show.
And, you know, then I think she does another ad in the middle or whatever.
And that's fine because it's one ad.
It's not like a barrage of stuff. You know what I mean?
That's kind of the difference. So, anyway.
Shout out to Nicole Byer. You're my hero.
Let's see.
Also in chat, one more comment and then we'll get into games.
Because you guys were probably sitting there going,
Rob, you're like seven minutes into your show and you still haven't gone into games.
TigerClan chat says, the thing about Patreon is there are some podcasts
who post episodes that only a Patreon subscriber can listen to or view.
Oh, yeah. That's a super common thing. That's a super common thing.
It would be the type of chat that honestly we've been doing for the past five minutes
that we're just giving to you because that's just all we've ever known
in the time that we've been doing podcasting.
But anyway, if you feel so inclined to tip us, there will be ways to do that later on.
But honestly, you know what? We've been doing it for free for 17 years.
Like, are we going to suddenly change it tomorrow?
Or excuse me, 16 years. I'm at the point where we've lost count.
Are we going to just change it overnight? No, we're not going to do that to you.
With tips, we're going to start remembering how many years we've been doing it.
Accurate information.
I can't remember the information that if only I had 50 cents right now.
Alright, anyway.
We almost got the killer, but we ran out of money.
Please insert a quarter to continue the show.
And our show will be the same difficulty level as the Ninja Turtles arcade game back in the day.
We will constantly have to throw quarters into it.
Okay, let's get into our kickoff topic.
Do you want to cover this? You want me to do this?
About the new Intellivision.
So we have a new console that got announced this weekend.
I have no idea what's going on with Intellivision.
Other than Tommy Tallarico is somehow involved and that's it.
He is. So Intellivision never really went away.
Like, Atari sold the name and sold all the rights.
You don't say Atari. He's stealing their stuff.
Well, Intellivision has kind of been there.
They were there for a while. They made their last game very late.
Like, into the late 80s, maybe even early 90s.
So they were making their games for a while.
And then, of course, the company continued to do the Intellivision Lives stuff.
Remember, that was kind of big back when we were working with all games.
Because I remember one of the E3s we were there.
They were like big guests at the event.
Yeah, that was O5 because that was still the original Xbox too.
Yeah, so there was all that going on.
Intellivision has kind of been around.
But now Tommy Tallarico is kind of like he's put money into the company.
And now he's kind of, you know, like the new blood coming in to come up with some new ideas and some new things.
And now we have an idea what that is.
So it's going to be called the Amico is the new system.
Now, I want you to get this out of your heads right away.
This is not a competitor to the PlayStation 4 or the Xbox One.
This is not something that's going to be state-of-the-art graphics and things like that.
In fact, they've very much said that is not what they're doing with this.
They chose to do their big reveal at the Portland Retro Gaming Expo, which is, you know, it's not an E3.
No shade to the Portland Retro Gaming Expo.
I would love to go to the Portland Retro Gaming Expo.
In fact, if I kind of knew that was coming up, I might have gone.
Because Portland is maybe a 10-hour drive. It's not that far.
But anyway, I'm not shading it.
I'm just saying it's not typical you hear about a new console at a thing that's not E3 or even PAX or, you know, some big fan event.
So anyway, they actually announced this is the date we're releasing.
10-10-20. So October 10th, 2020 is the date that they're going to be releasing this console.
No price, but they are aiming for an amount between $149 to $179.
Here's what's something a little different about this.
The controllers are going to be things that you actually put inside the console to use wireless charging.
If you remember the old Intellivision from the 80s, the controllers kind of went in the console too as kind of like their resting space to keep things clean.
But of course they had those big telephone wires that kind of connected it to the actual...
And if you know what I mean by telephone wires...
I only know from a Coleco because a Coleco is basically the same.
But instead of like the number pad, remember the thing that really made the Intellivision different was those little sleeve cards that you would put inside.
You mean the same thing that the ColecoVision had?
Yeah. Intellivision did that too.
You put in those little cards into like the top of the controller.
It was a piece of plastic that sat on top of the buttons.
So instead of just being 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, it would be like, oh, it's a little picture of these four arrows so you know these buttons are move and this one is shoot.
You know, things like that.
Yeah.
Well, what they're going to do with this new system instead is that that's going to be a touchscreen.
So it's kind of something a little different.
Cool.
So they'll have a little disk, but it's not going to be like the disk it was before.
It'll be something that's a little more usable, honestly.
And then a little touchscreen to do that.
So that's kind of a neat little throwback, I suppose.
And then I guess something else they're going to do, which I think this is a really good idea, they're going to have an app for mobile phones that will allow your phone to act as an additional controller.
Which, you know, is obviously a great idea.
I think we started seeing with like Jackbox Party Pack does something like that to have all these different controllers by just using mobile devices.
So the Intellivision is going to have something like that built in.
The console is said to have 21st century 2D chip and architecture, so they are coming out the gate saying 2D games only.
No 3D games.
What about 2.5D? Is that going to be too much?
I don't think you could do that because really 2.5D is 3D.
It's a 2D game kind of made in a 3D space.
Well, I actually know now that I'm blabbing, I don't know.
What would a game like Zelda Link to the Past be considered?
Because it's a 2.5D game, some would call it that because like the above thing, but it's all sprite based, you know what I mean?
That would be like still 2D, but like Donkey Kong Country, it's all pre-rendered.
Yeah, so I guess, okay, it just kind of depends how you are choosing to render that.
If you can run it on the hardware, more power to you, I think.
Exactly. They're saying that the 2D will be stronger than PlayStation 4 and Xbox One because these machines are 3D focused.
So instead of having to fake a 2D game in a 3D rendering engine like Unity, this is something that's going to really focus on 2D games.
And the games will be no more than $8, or if you want to nitpick, $7.99, but we all know that's $8.
So the games will be no more than $8 and no less than $3, $2.99 if I must.
So these are going to be low cost games, and the games will only be E-rated or E-10 rated games.
No violent games allowed, sorry Loki.
And that also means no nudity, so we can't have like booby slapper, the game will not be coming out on the amico, sad to say.
But even something like bungee ferret tossing, our pal YYR is classic, that would probably not be able to be done on television because it's got the fake destruction of animals, opposed to weapons.
You're not bothered by this.
You can just make it less violent.
Just turn the blood into sweat.
Change the blood into sweat.
Anyhow, they want to pitch this as something that parents want to buy.
So you can also see the market they're really aiming for.
They want this to be a family machine, a kid machine.
I wonder if they aren't aiming for a very kind of like, the type of homes that usually shun video games altogether, because video games are the devil type of thing.
Like if this isn't the type of thing where they're kind of more aiming for those types of households where this console, because it has that rule, might be okay I suppose.
There will also be remade Atari and iMagic games, they will be exclusive to the system.
Any game that is remade they say will have updated graphics, audio, added levels, and multiplayer.
The console will allow lots of sprites, so it's going to be a very sprite based thing.
There will also be an occasional retail release of games, though it would be a special and premium price, probably similar to why Switch cartridges are a little more pricey.
But you can imagine that most things are going to be done digitally, as I suppose they are with your mobile phones.
The Amico will come with leaderboard support and some type of achievement system unique to the Amico.
So already Intellivision sounds like they have their online more together than Nintendo, right?
Yes.
Leaderboards and achievements, we got something there.
Really.
Devkits coming out next summer.
Intellivision will be paying developers to make games for the system.
You pitch your game to Intellivision, and if they think it doesn't sound like garbage, they're going to fund your game.
Interesting.
I don't know, do you think they're being too limiting?
Loki, you're grinning ear to ear, what are you going to say with this?
I was going to say, you know, my initial reaction was, ooh yeah!
Because we had the same fucking shit.
I got the joke, I got the joke.
The ooh yeah didn't really do that stuff.
Yes they did.
But that all fell apart quickly.
Right, yeah, I understand that.
Anyway, more details will arrive tomorrow.
So by the time most of you hear this podcast, that's the unfortunate thing about the delay between our live taping here and when most of you guys will actually hear it.
But there are going to be more details Monday, I assume that's going to be in a trailer.
But I wouldn't expect too much two years out, especially with dev kits not coming out until next year.
So, I had a few more notes on this.
Loki, any initial thoughts on what I'm saying while I dig up? Because there was a couple of other notes I had on this.
I'm cautiously skeptical.
How so?
I don't want to pay for a new console.
Especially with a track record right now, because as much as I, you know, I like Tommy Dalryko, but we'll see what happens when it comes out.
Let's see. Oh, yeah, the whole like, there's no financial risk for developers because accepted pitches will be funded by Intellivision and the costs will be from future royalties.
Which I find very fascinating.
And the other thing was that they will, okay, this is the big one.
There was a quote said during the presentation, when did quantity take over for quality?
No ports allowed on the console.
Which, I mean, that's a lot of borders Intellivision is drawing for its console.
No ports, $8 or less, although they'll fund the development, so there's that.
And it has to be like a 7 out of 10 type of game. Like no shovelware on Steam.
We'll see. I mean, that's tough saying that you don't want ports and stuff.
Because how are you going to, that's a, I mean, I understand it's not a risk for development as far as money goes, but time is a risk as well.
So am I going to spend like all this time developing a game and then release it on your platform, make no money off of it?
I mean, I guess you paid for my development, but still, I mean, it's time as well.
Kaijuto in chat says, sounds like a lot of half-baked games.
Tigerclaw in chat says, no ports, yet they will have remakes of classic Atari games.
You know, I gotta say though, that is one way to kinda open the door and get people interested in this system.
I mean, this system probably won't have a problem getting shelf space at a place like Target.
Because if you look, if your Target's big enough, right, I mean, they probably don't sell these at like city Targets.
But at the, you know, regular sized Targets, if you look, they've got a section where they sell like flashback consoles.
And heck, this thing, I forgot to talk about this on the show last night. Do you notice I added a new mini arcade game to my collection?
This is a different line of mini arcade things now. And I think it is just simply called My Arcade. That's what it's called.
So I got a BurgerTime machine. So that one, you notice it's a little bigger, it's a little fatter than the other ones?
And it's honestly, it's probably a slightly little better game that's in there too.
Well, obviously it's BurgerTime. It's one of the all-time best. But I paid $35 for that whereas the other ones were $20.
But that was at Target. And there's still like three more to get to. I think they had Pac-Man, Galaga, and Dig Dug were the other games that they were offering in that.
But my point is, Target sells that stuff. So if the Intellivision, as kind of like a way to get people interested is,
yes, not only does it play Atari and Intellivision old games, but it's got the old and the new versions of those games and more.
I think that might make Target and some of those retailers perk up because it's basically a retro and then some type of console. Am I right?
But I think the leaderboard stuff is where things really get interesting. I'm a big fan of retro gaming. Take a game like BurgerTime.
If somebody would just make that, but it actually was just like it ran similar to the old game. They didn't try to go over the top with, you know,
because there was a BurgerTime game that came out on WiiWare not that long ago. And it was like you were running around in a 3D environment.
And now the burger guy, he has a real name, Peter Pepper or whatever his name is, now he's in a 3D environment and running around.
And it's like, no, no, no, just stick to the classic. And so the Intellivision game can kind of stick to the classic and have like leaderboards and stuff.
That could be interesting. I don't know. I think I might be into something like that.
I'm just curious to see what the games look like and what actually, how it runs and all that. How quickly it's going to be hacked open because they'll be like immediately.
Because that sucker's going to be a powerful...
Is your goal to get blood and titties on the Intellivision through the art of hacking?
Tell me I can't have something. It just makes me want to have it more.
Maybe Loki will finally finish a game.
Blood, sweat and titties coming out for the Intellivision amico.
It's looking less likely every day, unfortunately.
There's just so much I'm cramming into my day. Like that is just right now.
I'm not even going to pretend that there's progress being made because there's no progress being made.
I understand. Also, I think one place where I bet a lot of people are going to kind of lose sight of this when they...
Because I can see that there's going to be a lot of armchair critics right now that are going to say,
This thing sounds like a flop in the making.
This thing sounds like a flop in the making.
Oh wait, what? Are you seeing something?
Number one, fuck all the way off. Number two, I think some people are not considering the global market.
And I think that Tommy Tallarico might be having an eye not just on America and the desire for a guaranteed family-friendly thing, a cost-effective thing in America,
but I think the worldwide is a very interesting component.
I think if the Intellivision can launch in places like Brazil, Argentina, you know, Africa, places that don't usually get a lot of these top-tier gaming consoles,
other parts of the world. The world is a big fucking place, y'all.
And if the Intellivision can kind of be a cheaper piece of gaming hardware and launch in some of these other places,
then why wouldn't maybe this have success in those places?
You know, we talked for a long time about how the Master System was popular for a long time in Brazil, and I think the Genesis still is.
I bet the Intellivision would do great in Brazil. And there's a lot of fucking people in Brazil.
You know what I mean?
Well, why do the other systems not do well?
They're too expensive because Sony doesn't have an official presence in a place like Brazil.
ActDeaf has called in before to kind of explain this a little bit, but if a company does not have that official presence,
and they're manufacturing the consoles in that country or what have you, or the distribution is happening in the country,
because obviously PlayStation is made in Japan, they come over here, but it's still being distributed in the US.
So if you don't have that official distribution in the country, then you're importing.
You have to import everything. And that's where things get crazy, because basically every PlayStation 4 somebody has in a place like Brazil
was imported from, at least I think, Sony does not have an official Brazil presence.
I am so sorry if I'm incorrect. Obviously I don't live there, I'm not on the up and up.
But I believe in a place like Brazil, you have to import a PlayStation 4 from the US.
So now you have to buy it from the US and they want to cut it the money.
You have to ship it from the US to Brazil and they want to cut it the money.
You have to sell it in a Brazil store, they want to cut it the money.
These things get more and more expensive.
And they become a lot more of a novelty, I suppose.
And ActDeaf is backing me up there, thank you. Yeah, pretty much Rob Roberts.
And Bobby Blackwolf points out, he does a lot of video game live shows in places like Argentina, Brazil, Chile.
Video Games Live sells out soccer stadiums in Brazil. So, there's that too.
Caijudo, with another interesting angle, this is going to be the first console for gamers over 50.
It's going to be in every old folks home around the world.
Caijudo, I get where you're kind of going, I think it's a little tongue in cheek.
But, you know what beat the Intellivision to every old folks home in America? The Wii.
Remember? Remember when the Wii first came out and all the quote unquote old folks could play Wii bowling in their retirement homes?
Like, that stuff was no joke.
So, you know, maybe this is a console with a retro edge in mind that will cater to people that I don't necessarily think have to be 50.
Caijudo, you're in the danger zone now because I'm 40 and I remember the Intellivision, so watch it.
But anyway, let's see, I'm also looking at chat at live.vognetware.com.
Dungeonbuster in chat says Sega secured a partnership with a company in Brazil that allowed them to manufacture the hardware.
They're giving them a huge advantage early on.
That's why the Genesis exploded there and is still being sold because they're literally still making them.
Very, very interesting.
So, I don't know if the Intellivision is going to have international distribution, but I certainly think this could be something that would be very appealing.
And if Tommy Tallarico is selling out soccer stadiums in all these countries, surely he's thinking about that in the back of his mind with these consoles.
We'll see.
Yeah, we'll see. We'll see.
Anyway, alright, I guess that's enough about this console, especially when we don't really have screenshots of games yet.
But, you know, I'm not going to write it off as, oh, it's just, you know, garbage because they have all these rules and boundaries.
I'm interested. I think this is unique, but I'm not expecting this to be the type of games that are going to, like, blow my fucking mind.
But, maybe I will be pleasantly surprised.
I would be perfectly happy if it was, like, retro-style Atari 2600 and Intellivision grates that are now, like, online with leaderboard support, which, honestly, we kind of had with GameTap, which has been gone for how long.
So, I would like to see a console kind of bring something like that back. I think it would be pretty awesome.
So, anyway, let's move on. We got to get into this week's news, and I think we should also get into a little bit of how was your gaming week and what type of video games have you been playing this week.
Loki, we'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
I've been playing Pokemon Go a little bit. I did the community day stuff today. I evolved a shiny and a non-shiny.
And, what else? Oh, DDR. I've been playing lots of DDR because I have been. I've got my setup finally done. Well, I wouldn't say done. It's set up. I did a test stream yesterday, and I've got the two cameras and the video capture working.
The game music was a little loud, so I needed to turn that down a bit. It's still adjusting volume levels and stuff, but it's working okay. I think I may cut the back camera because no one wants to stare at my ass while I'm playing the game. I mean, honestly.
Or, like, point it down at the arrows.
Well, I already have one pointed down at the arrows. The front camera is. So, what I'm actually thinking of doing instead is maybe cutting that camera and doing my heart rate monitor instead.
I challenged myself during that to actually play all the difficult non-stop courses with the random ones. Normally, I just stick to the standard difficulty stuff, but I decided to play everything on the heavy difficulties.
Apparently, I am not exactly used to that, so that was fun watching my heart rate monitor. It's like, oh, hey, we're up at 170 now. I feel very tired. But, yeah, it worked out okay. It's still kind of rough, but I'm going to hopefully start doing that a little bit more.
That's it?
That's pretty much it.
Let's see, my gaming week. I also did a lot of Pokemon Go. I did Community Day today. I got 11 shinies. That's the best I've ever done on the shiny stuff. Sadly, none of them were any good.
But I figure with trading now, one thing I can try doing, and sadly you're limited to one a day because they're shinies, but try to trade, like, a crappy shiny for the same crappy shiny for somebody else, but when you trade the IV shuffle, right?
And you might get really lucky and get a lucky Pokemon. Or sometimes you get unlucky with those lucky Pokemons.
Unlucky Pokemon. Even worse.
I was trading for distance because I had, like, a Meowth from, like, or no, no, it was the other way around. I traded some garbage from here in Sacramento. I don't think it was garbage, though. I think I traded, like, I don't know, it was something like a, like one of the starters, like maybe like a Chimchar or something, one of the new ones.
And I traded it to Allen for his New Hampshire Meowth, right? And they traded, and because he hatched to any guy out of New Hampshire, and that came over lucky. So it's like, what am I going to do with a lucky Meowth? A lowland Meowth.
What won't you do with that?
They're not that great Pokemon. But I've also really liked that. So now what I've started doing, because I still, I still have tons of Unowns from Dragon Con. I still have them all in my inventory.
So, like the other night, I was hanging out with some of the Ingress crew, because I was playing Ingress as well. And one of the gals, I hadn't given an Unown yet. And she said, well, what do you want in exchange? And I'm like, just not a Pidgey or not.
Because I learned that lesson when Delvin was here, we traded an Unown for a Pidgey and my ass ended up with a lucky Pidgey.
Lucky Pidgey.
So she was like, okay, I'll give you something you could actually use just in case. And she gave me a Chansey with low IVs. So it was a crappy Chansey for her. And I gave her the Unown and guess what? They went lucky because the Chansey was really old.
So I got a Wonder Chansey because when they're lucky, their IVs are guaranteed to be high. And she got a Wonder Unown, which is pretty cool out of the deal. So yeah, that was, that was cool.
So now I have a Wonder Blissey. So, but she had named it Frank the Tank. And I think I named it too Bad Janet. I changed the name. So there, cause there's not, I guess when they're going to get hit with a Nerf bat here, when they do the CP reshuffling, she's not going to be very much of a tank anymore.
So, um, yeah, so I just named her Bad Janet because that was the, that was the image I had in my mind. So I was able to do a raid today. I got, did you, I got in a low in, uh, Raichu cause I didn't have one of those.
Um, I don't know. I need to do more raids cause the game tells me I need to do more raids.
I have to do that. And then, um, I don't know.
Yeah, just pretty much, um, trying to catch as many of the Beldums as I could.
Yeah, just, we were around Capitol Park, just everywhere trying to get them. Uh, sadly I got 11, Alan got two.
And he, you know, you usually want three from a shiny day so you can have one of each evolution. That's what most people go for. So of course I gave, cause I'm a nice guy, I gave Alan one of my many extra shinies just so he could have his three.
But you know, that is kind of crappy that it's so off balance where I can get 11 and he can get two.
Most of mine were just caught with the gotcha. Like anything I tried catching wasn't shiny.
The best community day so far in my opinion was the Squirtle one because the quest rewards could be shiny Squirtles if you knew where to go.
And so that way everybody was guaranteed like at least a set number of shiny Squirtles. I thought that was the best.
I wish this was done on Saturday, not Sunday because I was ready. Like in fact I didn't read the day because normally they're on Saturdays and I was like, okay, I'm ready. Uh, I don't see any.
I had to check at the end, I'm like, ah man, it's tomorrow.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, dead game. You know, as a funny aside, I was sitting at a Starbucks the other night waiting for a friend and there was this table next to me and there were these three older people that could have come from Kaijuto's Intellivision old folks home.
There was, they weren't that old, but they were, you know, they were, they were mature in love and life because I could clearly see these three individuals were all playing Pokemon Go.
Cause you know, you know, if you've watched somebody or you've played Pokemon Go, you could tell they were playing, throwing curve balls.
They're like drawing that little circle on their phone and you know, throwing the whole thing. Like nobody does that to their phone unless they're playing Pokemon Go.
That's not, unless you want to make a joke about old people sending text messages. That's not what they were doing. Okay. They were clearly playing Pokemon Go.
So I actually said, I kind of made a joke. I was like, oh, you guys are playing Pokemon Go as well. And the one, you know, lady just lit up and she's like, oh yes, we love Pokemon Go so much.
And we just got my sister involved. Why don't, I've never seen you at a raid. What's your name? Do you raid around here? And this was at a Starbucks near my work.
So I don't usually raid there, uh, because I go home and I raid usually in this area. Um, so I didn't know this lady, but you know, we, we, so I connected with this lady that was older on Pokemon Go, which is interesting.
I'm not used to talking to folks 20 years older than I am about video games. I don't remember doing that when I was younger. So that's kind of, you know, interesting little thing about the world that's different now, I suppose. So, um, anyway, Bobby.
Oh my God. Horrible comment in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com and this comment came straight out of the mouth of black Wolf saying she'll be dead soon. Just like that game.
That's a horrible thing to say. I'm sorry. You're must be referring to like ingress. Yeah, exactly. You click. Yeah, you're free ingress. Uh, dungeon buster says that got dark real fast.
Yeah. Bobby dark sided Wolf anyway. Or maybe like, you know, Garfield go anyway. Shut up. All right. Uh, other stuff I play, I played more than what you want to go cause I played world of Warcraft working on my monk, uh, just about to hit level 60, which has been, you know, fun, uh, playing my monk and leveling that up.
And, uh, I've been playing some more with friends online a little bit. I got into Delvin's Guild with that character. So, you know, at least I, I'm not alone on there. So just trying to make my way to max level.
Um, and I was toying around with potentially starting a mage on there as well. Uh, and maybe using my boost to do that. Cause I don't know if I want to tank everything at a high level and we'll see.
Um, and then, um, also I was, I was walking around, uh, downtown, uh, the other night and I ended up at the, uh, the bar that has all the old arcade games, you know, the coin op. Yeah. And, uh, I played around immortal combat too.
And I'm so happy that to this day I can still remember how to do Katana's fatality. It's very easy. If you don't remember Katana's fatality, you just mash the block button cause you have to hit it like three or four or five times. I don't remember how many times.
But you have to hit the block button like four times. So you just hit the mash the block button and then hit high kick. And that's how she chops off the person's head with their fan.
And I remember that all these years later. So I was able to, uh, do fatalities on a Mortal Kombat 2 machine this week. I also played a fancy new, uh, pinball machine called Houdini.
Very fancy. It was a, I don't know the company that makes all these newer games. I wish Jamie was here to, to tell me, maybe somebody in chat knows, but they, they must've done the, the new Batman, uh, sixties series table as well.
And I think they have a Star Wars table. Like they all have these like video screens in the back instead of dot matrix things. Yeah. And so this new one's called Houdini and it was a very flashy machine.
Uh, even though like really taunted me when I wasn't doing very well. Oh, Blackwell says it's Stern that does those machines. Oh, that's pretty cool.
Uh, hit stun says Jersey Jack. I think they do the Wizard of Oz one. I don't know if they did this one. So I think, um, oh, Blackwell says Houdini is by American pinball.
I guess I think pinball is making somewhat of a retro comeback. Um, just, you know, I know there's, you know, the various collectors, obviously we hear Jamie talk about it on the show a lot.
And I think just, you know, in general, there's, there's very much a scene for that. So it's kind of neat, but otherwise that was really my gaming week. I didn't play.
I wanted to get Soul Calibur six, but I just didn't get around to it this weekend. I was a little bit busy, so I did end up picking that up.
But that's still on my agenda for this week is to pick up Soul Calibur six. Cause, uh, I I'm seeing all the character creator things people are doing and I've just always enjoyed this whole caliber series.
So I want to pick that game up. So, all right, we're going to get into some gaming news for the night. Uh, I, after I do some housekeeping of which I don't think I have a lot of stuff to announce right now.
We will be missing a show in November. I want to say it's like November 17th or so, uh, because I will be in Las Vegas at Final Fantasy Fan Fest.
And I won't be back in time because we're driving back on Sunday. And in order to be back in time for the show, we would have to leave Las Vegas by 8 AM.
I'm going to tell you right now, it's not going to happen. So, uh, no show, uh, that weekend. So you can, uh, plan accordingly.
So anyway, uh, let's get into, I hear Mr. Smoosh screaming in the background, so I'm going to go see what the hell's his problem is.
And while Loki starts to get into some gaming news for tonight.
Yes. So one of my favorite series is actually coming out again here pretty soon, um, with the sequel of Red Dead Redemption.
So Red Dead Redemption 2. And of course, Rockstar was in the news this week because, you know, getting ready for the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 has caused a bit of crunch time.
And they were talking about, I guess, this was during an article published in New York Magazine about, um, you know, how they were working 100 hour weeks, you know, getting ready for the game.
You know, the polishing, rewrites, uh, reedits, um, are, does, uh, the Rockstar does arm ends. We were working 100 hour weeks.
Um, we probably made 70 versions, but the editors, uh, make several hundred.
Uh, Sam and I will both make a lot of suggestions as well as other members of the team talking about, uh, the different TV commercials and trailers and stuff that they shot as well.
Um, some of the work they did during those 100 hour weeks, 300,000 animations, 500,000 lines of dialogue, and lots of code.
Um, of course, recently, studios have come under fire because of these really crunch time periods where kind of the whole morale of the workforce is low because they're being forced to work these immense hours.
Um, not exactly good for the employees, but necessary, I guess, to release the game on time.
Um, so because of that, there's been lots of developers speaking out about it. In fact, I guess there was some ban on social media talking about these hours as well.
So, um, some of the feedback people were leaving on Twitter and Facebook, for example.
Uh, one's from Keith Thorburn, who he works in the music department at Rockstar North.
He's saying, first off, this was one of the most rewarding and least stressful projects that I worked on.
I know what an epic crunch feels like, but this was managed in such a way that I felt happy and healthy.
And then, of course, um, you know, there, there's a comment from Dan Houser, who is the head of, um, you know, Rockstar, basically saying, you know, um, we were, you know, kind of referring back to those.
We don't ask or expect anyone to work anything like that.
Um, it sounds like more that the team was kind of motivated to work these hours because of the hard work that they put into it.
There's peer pressure a lot with this stuff, too. You know, it's like, oh, you're not going to work overtime? Okay.
Yeah.
We'll see how that goes for you when review time comes around.
Well, like another coder, Phil Beveridge, he's saying, you know, in the time that I've been with the studio, work practices have definitely improved.
Crunch on Red Dead Redemption 2 has definitely been a lot better than it was on GTA 5, where I was pulling a month of 70 plus hour work weeks, um, while being told by my boss at the time to go home.
Um, I've never worked more than, and then of course, there's another guy, uh, or woman, I should say Vivian Langdon.
She's a tools programmer.
So she's saying I've never worked more than maybe 50 hours a week.
And that's a rare occurrence by generally work about two to six hours of paid overtime per week.
So it sounds like that it's not so much like, oh my God, I hate working here, but it's that they, they treat their employees well, which I imagine with the amount of money that they bring in.
Like, especially from like Grand Theft Auto 5, they probably can do that, but I know that's not always the same with other studios.
I mean, hell, just recently with Telltale Games, we were hearing about, you know, just kind of the shit that they were putting their employees through.
And you know, now with all this lack of severance and everything, that kind of sucks.
Um, and then of course, the, this also applies to the QA testers as well.
So they were basically saying that the Rockstar QA studio was told that overtime is optional after they, the workers were saying that it felt mandatory.
Through the conversations we've been having, it's clear to us that the requested scheduled overtime feels like an obligation to some, if not many of the team.
We therefore spoke to them, made sure that it's clear that overtime is not mandatory.
So at least it seems like they're taking some action to make sure that the workforce is not overly stressed.
That's good. I guess that's more accountability than we see from some other studios.
But you know, I don't know if crunch time is necessarily a great thing.
No, it's, I would think it's the result of poor planning.
But this thing's been good. They've been developing this game for a long time.
Right!
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know. Why does it seem like every bad news thing that happens in the industry comes back to management?
I mean, no wonder the employees want to unionize.
And I mean, when it comes to like this crunch time stuff and all this, like I, I kind of think they deserve it.
I mean, I realize it gets political and people have their, you know, feelings about it.
But like when this is just this recurring theme over and over and over again, like I can't help but like ask the question, like, how is this being managed?
Like, why aren't you planning for enough hours or why aren't you staffing adequately?
Well, money. We all know that. To, uh, you'll be, be, have enough time to do these things.
I gotta tell you though, if you're feeling really stressed out being a tester at Rockstar Games, you can always go work for Bethesda because those testers don't work very long hours at all.
Stop it. Because you know.
I know they do. I know they work hard.
You know those testers find stuff that management doesn't fix.
They work hard. They find all of the bugs but they just don't fucking care because they're Bethesda and they gotta release the game and we love them.
And it becomes self-parody at some point. Exactly.
So, um, all this news though, you as the gamer, the consumer, uh, you, you could care less and are still gonna get Red Dead Redemption 2, right?
Yes.
I'm part of the problem.
Maybe that's the problem at the end of the day. Who knows.
Uh, go into some more comments in our chat over.
I gotta tell Rockstar Games to stop making such good games. You know, maybe focus more on, um, some Table Tennis games.
Live.vog.net.org.com. Bobby kind of reinforcing there. The testers do care. They report it. The managers decide not to fix.
That is kind of what I was trying to get out there between Loki's little, little fucking around.
Uh, Sia Tabiri in chat says, I mean it could be that they're looking for such specific qualities they won't hire new people.
I've known some managers to have that kind of struggle. You know what though?
To not plan. To have a plan to replace. And maybe this is just my passion because I do a lot of like training for a living.
If you don't have a plan on how you're gonna replace your good people and how you can train people on those unique skill sets.
You are setting yourself up for fucking failure. Because there is nothing you can do if somebody, especially in California, it's an at-will state.
There are no contracts. The Powerball, no the Mega Millions is 1.6 billion dollars.
If your employee wins the Mega Millions or, you know, that thing, you cannot control.
They're gonna walk into that office on Monday and go, fuck you, I quit. And there is nothing you can do.
It doesn't matter how skilled they are. There is nothing you can do.
So if you don't have a plan, that's your problem as a manager. You as a manager need to have that plan.
So, I mean, in my opinion, that is still a fault of the management if the skills are too specialized.
Now I'm not saying that employees with special skill sets aren't valuable. Of course they are.
And that's why, you know, that type of seniority and that stuff should be rewarded too.
But if you're not planning to lose that, because you don't know.
I mean, you know, I'm joking about Mega Millions, but somebody could, I don't want to be dark, but somebody could suddenly pass away.
There's nothing you can do about it. Somebody could get pregnant and they have the right to go out for so many weeks under law for FMLA and baby bonding and all that stuff.
You know, if you don't have a plan, you're a bad manager. So, anyway.
And see, Tiberi does, you know, qualify that saying. I'm not saying it's justified. Oh, no, no, I'm not saying you were, but I just want to make sure that kind of point is clear.
Is that, you know, if these guys, I'm sure these guys are very skilled at Rockstar's systems and software and all that stuff.
But if Rockstar doesn't have a way to at least get new people and ramp up to that same sort of skill set, then they're just setting themselves up for failure.
So, anyway. Gaming unions, you think it's something we're going to see in the next few years?
Maybe. I don't think so, though.
I think if this Telltale thing doesn't make it happen, I'm not sure anything will. After what those guys all went through.
But you'll notice it's now been about two weeks and people aren't really talking about that anymore.
Well, this isn't necessarily a new thing either.
A friendly reminder from Orange Lounge Radio. Bad management at Telltale fucked over a lot of people unnecessarily.
Just a friendly reminder in case you forgot. Two weeks ago, that was a big thing. So, never forget. Bad management fucked over all those people unnecessarily.
Anyhow. I feel I feel like we need like PSAs here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Also, there was a massive leak with many of what was it? What was the credit card monitoring company?
Oh, you mean like Equifax?
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Remember that?
Yeah. Friendly reminder. Equifax lacked leaked all your credit information.
And Facebook several times.
That's right. Yep. Friendly reminder that Super Smash Brothers got delayed several times and you didn't care because the game came out actually really good.
Hitstun in chat says, sadly bad management is not news. It's too common.
Oh, I'm sure everybody has a story in their life where at one point or another they worked for a bad manager.
I mean, that's just that's just part of the big wide world out there, isn't it?
Alright. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says Grand Theft Auto 4 was delayed for a long time and nobody cares now.
So, anyway.
I cared greatly then.
But you don't now because you ended up being like one of the top 100 players in the world at Grand Theft Auto 4.
That's why I cared because I wanted to play right away.
Alright.
We were playing the PSP version in Saints Row. That's right. I was one of the dozens that were playing Saints Row multiplayer online.
Can we talk about cat that drama for a minute? Like, I just.
OK, so Mr. Smoosh is out here screaming. So I gave him some little kibble. I don't even think it's feeding time. Alan doesn't even know I gave him kibble.
So I gave him a little kibble and I filled up his water bowl completely because it was looking a little.
And now it's been that held him over for five minutes and now he's back out here yelling again.
That's cats.
Y'all.
That's why our cat tries to wake us up at like five in the morning.
No, that. No, no.
And she and she wants a treat. She's like, I treats. And I'm like, I'm throwing your ass in the garage.
That's that's that's why we I sleep with earplugs and we shut the door.
So she'll scratch the door. And if she doesn't wake us up, she'll go wake the kids up.
That's so I like you fucking asshole.
She'll do that, too. Like it could be just like at random, like just I have to remind you that I'm an asshole.
Like, you know, you'll be sitting there watching TV. She's curled up in your lap. You're petting her.
She's like enjoying life. She's getting full attention.
She'll just get up, stretch out, hop down, go scratch at the door of the kids.
I'm like, what the fuck is your problem? Why the fuck are you doing this?
I was paying attention to you a hundred percent and you have to go and be an asshole.
All right. Speaking of assholes, I see a lot of them on Facebook. How do you like that transition?
Let's talk about Facebook for a minute. Facebook. Did you know Facebook has a whole gaming platform built into it?
It's something called instant games. I just got my block all that shit.
I got my first one today because one of my friends posted a thing that was like, come look at my rap album that, you know, it's like one of those meme quiz things.
And so I tapped on it and it was like, do you want to install OMG? No, no, no.
It's like this application will receive your name, your real name, your mailing address, your friends list, your privacy, your blood, your semen sample.
I'm like, good Lord. Why does this game need everything? It's crazy.
We already have it.
So anyway, so instant games is a thing and unfortunately this is only going to get bigger.
Now, I don't see where like, see my rap album was supposed to be a big game unless I missed out on karaoke or something.
I don't know. Maybe that's the thing.
But apparently Facebook games is now also coming to Facebook groups and the Facebook light app because, you know, Facebook isn't confident enough just having one app on your phone.
You have to have a separate message. Well, you don't have to do anything.
And I know many of you don't. But, you know, if you want to be able to talk to people and stuff, you have to have the Facebook Messenger app on your phone.
You have to have the Facebook groups thing to manage pages. You have to have the, like, because one app isn't enough, Facebook wants to have all these apps on your phone.
And now they're putting this gaming platform on all of them.
So anyhow, the future will be available to all gaming groups if your group is flagged as like a gaming related thing, meaning members can play with each other.
They are playing with a feature to make it opt in for all groups.
Anyhow, they're saying that they're seeing an increase with active players and all this other stuff.
And I'm like, who's playing these games? I'm sure not. But I do, I mean,
Is Farmville still a thing?
I don't, I think it is still a thing, but it's not like the thing it used to be.
But I mean, you know, for better or for worse, and oftentimes when it comes to Facebook, mostly worse, you can pull up a game right into the Facebook app.
And it's like you're not downloading a separate app or anything. It's like basically like you're playing like the Flash game or whatever, but on your phone.
You know, the one I do remember playing in Messenger was like a Pac-Man thing.
And it actually, you could see like your ranking against other players in the group, but like the people in my messaging group, like nobody else wanted to play it.
And it's just Pac-Man. It's not like we're playing it at the same time or anything like that. I don't know.
Anyhow, Facebook gaming, it's still a thing, believe it or not.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Let's see. You know what's funny? I thought this was a comment about Facebook.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, yeah, sounds like my dogs. They go crazy for a biscuit and five minutes later they want another one.
I seriously thought that was a comment about Facebook and all of its apps.
And not a comment about Mr. Smoosh.
But I mean, if it fits, apply it, right?
If it fits, it's no.
Sia Tabiri in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, friendly for Facebook when you want to filter out 60% of your friends' feeds.
And Dungeon Buster says, in a way it kind of makes sense with Facebook. Exactly.
Install my new app. Meow, meow, meow. Install my new app. Meow, meow, meow.
You can't talk with your friends unless you do a new app. Meow, meow, meow.
Are you sure you don't want to give us your blood type? Because we might need to know your blood type.
Meow, meow, meow. Or like, where do you work? We need to know where you work. Where'd you go to school?
Where are you right now? I can see you, but where are you?
We're noticing that you're at a fancy restaurant right now with somebody who isn't your spouse.
Do you wish to check in here and write a review?
And tell all your friends you were here? I fucking hate Google Maps does that shit sometimes.
We're like, I'll be at the park. It's like, do you know something about this park?
Like, fill in some data for us. I'm like, fuck off. I'm just trying to get directions somewhere.
The thing that gets me is I'll go somewhere and I'll just open Facebook to like check my feed or something.
Albeit like a store. And then like a day later, I see ads for the store I was in.
And I wasn't even doing anything on Facebook with it. I didn't check in there or anything like that. Nope. Facebook just knew I was there.
Yeah, my wife insists, and I've heard a lot of people insist as well, that she was talking with her friend about something.
And not even like didn't bring it up in Facebook or whatever. And all of a sudden just started receiving ads about it.
And they claim they're not listening. They claim that. Just like they claim that the data hasn't been breached.
To the extent that it was. But they're fucking liars.
Do you think Zuckerberg's listening to this right now?
Because they have fucking liar money is what they have. They have money where it's like, oh, we need to pay a fine.
Here's the fine money. And we're just going to keep doing what the fuck we were doing before because we make a lot more money to offset it.
All right. Let's take off the tinfoil hats, although, I mean, are they tinfoil if what we're saying is pretty much true.
Let's move on to some more news. Loki.
So much like we got the high end, you know, analog, was it? I remember it's called like Super NT, analog NT.
Anyways, now we're going to be getting the Mega SG, which is a high end Sega system.
So it's going to play Genesis, Mega Drive, Master System games, outputting all the video from them with 10 AP and zero latency.
It's supposed to be coming out April twenty nineteen. It's going to retail for one hundred and ninety dollars.
And they're saying that they're even going to have add ons to play, I think, Sega CD, which is ridiculous.
Yeah, Sega CD or Mega CD games.
So neat that you can do that. And then they have also other cartridge adapters that plug in.
So you can even use looks like Game Gear and.
I can't really tell what else is in there. Oh, Game Gear, Sega, my card, SG 1000 and SC 3000.
Not familiar with those systems, but needs.
I mean, I don't have a need for this, but it's cool that it's a thing.
Sure. Why not? All the retro consoles. Why not?
I mean, now you got to find one just take a Genesis games and stuff to play.
Speaking of retro consoles, one of my friends on Facebook got one of those Commodore 64 minis.
Yeah. And I was like, oh, how are this? Because I've kind of heard mixed reviews on them.
I kind of I kind of want one, even though the reviews are kind of mixed.
And yes, I know damn well I can do the same thing with a Raspberry Pi and all that shit.
It's a collector's item. Exactly. It's a collector's item and I want it.
Anyway, even if the games that are included are apparently not really the best ones, but it is what it is.
Can't you hack that thing to put the other ones on there? Oh, I'm sure you can.
In fact, I think I think actually the sideloading is like wide open.
I think that thing fully embraces D64 images probably.
We know you're going to do this anyway.
Well, well, and also because the technology at this point is so old, it's from the 80s.
I'm pretty sure any type of trademark or patent has probably fallen off at least the disk type.
So if people want to do it, they're going to do it. You know what I mean?
Yep. So.
All right. Well, moving on to some new things.
Some of you might be picking up Diablo three on the switch.
I let's I'm not going to try to lie.
Like I'll probably end up being one of them, even though I already own this game.
You'll tease me for Mass Effect three when I buy that.
But this will be like the third or fourth platform I bought.
I can't even remember.
You'll buy Mass Effect again when this comes out on the switch.
If if they do a Mass Effect remastered trilogy, you bet your ass I'm going to buy it again.
Absolutely. But anyway, Diablo three is, of course, coming out on the switch.
And you know, why? Why stop at just doing a mere port?
You know, Nintendo and Blizzard.
You know, Nintendo really loves that Blizzard is crawling into their bed a little bit by putting out Diablo three on the system.
Oh goody, what amiibo support are we getting now?
Well, I think it's more like Nintendo is like, if you will put Overwatch on this console, like we will give you favors.
You know, like I think Nintendo would love to have something like Overwatch.
Tracer and Smash.
Even.
You should watch those things that come out of your mouth.
All right. Anyway, I'm going on into I don't think that would really happen, but fucking you never know.
Anyway, I'm going to a story about Diablo three and the special limited edition console that's going to come out on November 2nd.
So it's the Diablo three eternal collection is the game, of course, that's coming on November 2nd.
You can get a whole hoopla thing for three hundred fifty nine bucks with a Nintendo switch dock that features Diablo three artwork.
You can get a carrying case that features Diablo three art.
So if you want to look like you're carrying Satan with you everywhere you go, which some of you do.
Yes.
Then then you can have your you know, your whole like switch themed case.
I'd actually I'd buy the case if they sold it separately, although my I have a Mario Kart eight case right now that's pretty solid.
But I would pick this up maybe if they sold it separately.
So, yeah, they're going to do a full on little bundle with a theme dock and everything.
So I guess that's pretty cool. I already have a switch.
So that's that.
Apparently, Blizzard is also doing like a virtual treasure hunt, basically.
They're hiding things around the Internet and real world locations.
And when you find them, you might get prizes like that Nintendo switch bundle I just talked about.
You might also end up with the digital copy of the game or some of the other collectible items.
So that's kind of interesting. They're doing their whole little loot hunt.
So you might be mugged.
I guess it depends what real world places you want to go to.
You know, I was thinking about this the other day.
You know, Blizzard's working on some secret projects, right?
Of course, of course, Blizzard's working on secret projects, right?
And it seems less and less likely Diablo four is what they're going to announce.
But they're probably going to announce something Diablo.
I don't think they're going to announce Diablo three expansion.
I think Diablo Diablo mobile is coming.
I think that's I don't know if it's necessarily Diablo three,
but it's either going to be a Diablo two remasters and be Diablo mobile.
And I was just thinking about like, you know, Blizzard,
because I think I was kind of thinking about this while I was playing Pokemon Go.
Certainly Blizzard has to be thinking about what can we do in the real world?
Can you imagine Blizzard doing something like Pokemon Go?
And don't take that literally.
I'm not talking about collecting little orcs and things from World of Warcraft
or the Blizzard characters in the real world.
But I'm talking about imagine if Blizzard took its little touch on things
and did it with like AR games.
Wouldn't that be interesting?
I don't know.
Sure.
You wouldn't play a Blizzard AR game?
I don't have as much love for Blizzard as a lot of people do.
A lot of people do.
I'm not doubting that.
All right.
Anyway, just a few more stories for you guys,
and then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
All right.
Well, this is unfortunate if you're waiting to get a copy of Starlink from Best Buy.
Apparently, it's...
Oh, you mean Starfox?
Uh, yes.
The game that features Starfox but is not Starfox.
The Toys of Life game.
Yes.
Starlink Battle for Atlas had a starter kit that they sold at Best Buy.
And apparently, those copies of the game, or at least some of them,
were missing the game.
So you got the accessories, but you got no game.
And that's a problem, because you kind of need the game to play the game.
But apparently, Ubisoft is aware, and they're investigating,
basically saying to you,
hey, we made aware of a small amount of Starlink Battle for Atlas starter packs
that we have shipped without a copy of the disc, or cartridge included.
We are currently investigating the scope and issue of these,
and potential solutions for this issue.
They were saying, of course, if you received a copy of Starlink without the game in the box,
contact support.ubi.com to resolve that issue.
Complain loudly on the internet about it, because that's what people do.
We fucked up.
Dope.
But, you know, I have no interest in this game, honestly.
I don't need a new Toys to Life game.
I need more of the ones that we have already, like more Disney Infinity.
Disney Infinity 4.0 would have been fucking awesome.
Disney Infinity is dead and gone, and it's never coming back.
I know it's dead and gone.
Same with the LEGO game.
It's sad.
It is.
But they're trying.
They're like, we can do it.
I just think it's going to fail.
But Star Fox.
Star Fox ain't going to save that shit.
I'm sorry.
It may get a few copies sold, but no one.
Then again, then again, that's like saying, Spyro Toys to Life game.
Spyro's not going to sell that shit.
But then people are like, fucking, who the fuck is Spyro?
I love Skylanders, you know?
And I'm like, you're a fucking blasphemous piece of shit.
Sia Tabarian Chat says, we need more passive aggressive people on the internet talking about not getting their games.
That was a really good read.
Good job, chatters.
Alright.
Anyway, something that may or may not be dead and gone and never coming back, but it's certainly temporarily gone.
NBA 2K Playgrounds, or NBA Playgrounds.
It's gone.
It's gone. The first game is gone.
The NBA Playgrounds disappeared from the Switch eShop and no word on why or if it's ever coming back.
And nothing of value was lost.
It is awfully interesting that NBA 2K Playgrounds 2 just came out.
You can get that one just fine.
So when the part two came out, the first one is now gone.
That's interesting.
What they did is they took it down and they added the number two and they put it back up.
And updated the year in the rosters.
And then the year in the roster.
By golly, Loki, I think you might be onto something.
Also, speaking of games that were pulled from the Nintendo Switch eShop, a game called One Strike has been pulled.
This one they are saying is temporary.
It's a very interesting reason why it's been pulled.
They found that some music was lifted from what I would call an obscure Famicom title.
And I'm calling it obscure because it was never out over here.
So most of you probably don't know it.
So anyway, thanks to the magic of YouTube, we actually can hear a little bit of the music from this game which was called Morayu Senkai Madara.
So this was the game and this was some of the music from that game if YouTube will cooperate with it.
Not a bad soundtrack for an NES game for Famicom.
It's a pretty good song, yeah.
So that was the song of the game.
And now here is some actual gameplay that somebody put on YouTube of them playing One Strike.
And if you forward to about eight minutes into this video, you hear this song in one of the menus.
Stealing is bad, UK.
That is right. That is the exact same song, isn't it?
So anyway, they were kind of called out on this on Twitter.
And by the way, that game I just mentioned, the Madara game, that was actually a Konami game.
So just funny kind of aside. But anyway.
And as we like to say, Konami will sue.
Well, not this time. Anyway, Cubic Games acknowledged the situation and says they were unaware that the music was stolen.
They basically said that they thought the track was original work.
They paid a composer for the music.
So maybe the composer bait and switched them. Who knows?
Yeah. Dungeon Buster in chat says, hey, this game is so obscure, no one will figure it out.
Internet accepts challenge.
Dude, don't. If you think you're going to pull a fast one by stealing from some obscure NES game,
you're not going to get away with it because there's people out there that love, love 8-bit games that no one else loves.
I mean, look at us in the Guardian Legend.
Now, granted, that's a little bit more mainstream of a cult title.
I think a lot more gamers have heard of that particular game.
But there's a lot of gamers that haven't.
But I would not try to steal a song from the Guardian Legend and be like, oh, this game's so old.
Nobody heard of it. Nobody played it.
Because you know what? There's a lot of people that would recognize it like that.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. Like you would know that.
So just to be clear here, because I'm not aware that he does music production on the side,
but the music producer wasn't, you know, Philip Musen, was it?
What's that?
Philip Musen?
No. Oh, God. Oh, no. I don't believe it was that whole thing.
Just making sure he doesn't do music production on the side.
Yes.
With his totally original work.
All right. Oh, my gosh.
So, by the way, I got distracted there for a minute because Alan just texted me the instructions.
Oh, by the way, you need to feed Mr. Smusher. He's going to scream his head off all night.
Oh, thanks.
You don't say.
You don't say. Thanks. Thanks for doing that before you left. All right. That's all right.
Animal needs food.
Here's the other thing. He's actually going to a movie tonight. He's going to see Halloween.
He found a friend that will go see scary movies with him, so I don't have to.
So that's good news.
Are you eh?
I don't know. The Halloween series is like, OK.
I hear the new one's all right.
Like, if you're a fan of those type of movies, I hear this new one's pretty good.
Yeah, but I'm just not I don't you know, I don't like gore.
And, you know, Michael Myers going to chop somebody's head off and I don't see it.
And even that trailer, he was like the teeth were falling. I was like, no, no.
Oh, no.
All right.
Yeah.
No, Mr. Smoosh is not going to a movie.
Yes, you and her.
Alan is going to a movie.
All right. Anyhow, Mr. Smoosh goes to the movies.
The brand new theatrical release coming this fall to theaters near you.
Maybe, maybe we'll give him a Twitch channel where he just sits there and watches movies, but he won't just sit there and do anything.
That's the that's the joke.
All right. Anyhow, already the chat room's lighting up.
I listen to that podcast.
All right.
Let's go back to a classic time when we did not we did not stream cats watching movies on the Internet.
We we instead spent lots and lots and lots of money on things to play one particular game.
Let's get to it with this throwback classic game of the week.
And so we take a step into the gaming vaults, a journey back through space and time to visit with Dark Sakura, who's here in the house.
Thanks to Radio Magic.
Thanks to me going to the thrift store.
That's right.
Did you find anything thrifty at the thrift store?
I don't laugh. I've always wanted an egg cobbler.
You know what those are?
Are those like the little things that hold porcelain?
I think I know.
And they have a screw top on them?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've wanted one and they're like twenty five bucks for a good porcelain one if I wanted a thrift store for two bucks.
The classic cookware of the week.
Classic cookware.
I wanted an egg cobbler because I like coddled eggs.
There you go. All right.
Just told me not to coddle them too much and they'll get mouthy.
All right.
It's the classic game of the week, but actually once a month, Dark Sakura decides, you know what?
I'm going to do a peripheral because there's tons of like neat shit that came out for gaming.
Except now I'm like that little girl with the meme.
Why can't we do both?
That's right porque no los dos.
Right now.
So so the classic peripheral was not good enough for you.
You're going to do a peripheral and a game.
Because these two you can't do one without the other.
They are peas in a pod.
So let's stop making the audience wait.
What is the classic peripheral?
I guess technically.
So you get one a month but slash game of the month.
It's Steel Battalion also known in Japan.
And this is a game and and the peripheral I can't make words happen.
It was developed by Capcom for the Xbox and you control a vertical tank, which is bipedal mecha kind of think metal gear.
But yeah, I actually think metal gear.
It required this massive controller to play it.
The controller itself has two control sticks and 40 about 40 buttons.
They only came out in limited quantities and then they sold out.
I got an original one for Dan and they did do a rerelease, but it has blue buttons instead of green buttons.
So that's all you can tell which one you had, which by the way, now I looked on eBay to see what they're going for.
And while the whole set was about 200 bones together, they're going like 700 plus.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's not like they make these controllers anymore.
And it was big.
I mean, this thing like would fit on a desk and it came in three pieces.
And this was an event.
It was an experience.
If you bought one of these, you were you were going to have an event.
Yeah. And they did actually make like some mods for it where you could like make it smaller.
And then there were some I think people who did like aftermarket versions that were kind of OK.
But at any rate, this is where the game part comes into it with this controller, is that it was supposed to be like this immersive.
Like well, like you were saying, an event where you are in the cockpit and you were fully immersed in the gameplay through this.
At the start of every mission, you had to start up your mecha, which well, not just the mecha, but its operating system as well,
which was done through a different series of switches and buttons that were just for that.
And if you like turn corners too quickly, you fall over.
If your machine overheats, you have to reset your operating system.
You have window wipers.
So if you get hit by mud, it wipes them off.
And the other thing, too, is that if you don't hit your eject button when your mecha is about to go boom, you die with it.
And if you die, your save game gets deleted.
And you have to start the fuck over.
No!
Yes.
Oh my God, that eject button.
So I remember one of my earliest memories of meeting you and Dan was that you had this brick in your house.
And I was fascinated by the eject button.
I'm like, why do they need an eject button in a game?
This was serious business.
This was the Dark Souls of mech games.
The Dark Souls of peripheral movement.
Well, if you didn't hit that eject button, say goodbye to all that hard work.
Rob, imagine in Diablo.
I know, I'd cry.
I'd cry.
As much as I love Diablo, I think that's one of those things that I like the way it's better in Path of Exile.
If you play hardcore mode and your character dies, you simply, it drops to regular.
You just lose your hardcore mode status.
So I like that better.
Can you get it back?
Nope.
I mean, as frustrating as it is, it's like you didn't completely lose your character, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Anyway.
Well, at any rate, as I said earlier, the vertical tanks, or VTs, are like giant metal gear things.
They walk on two legs, they shoot shit.
You have different types of combat roles.
You have assault, support, scout, and fast attack.
And then you have three weight classes, which is like medium and heavy.
And so as you progress through the game, you can get different tanks.
Now, the group that developed this at Capcom, it was Capcom Production Studio 4,
and they worked with some of the designers from Human Entertainment.
And that it was basically focused on the product.
They wanted to create a new peripheral and software designed to go with the peripheral.
So really, in this case, the peripheral came first, and the game followed.
And it actually did, you know, the project grew while they were working on it.
And the game was originally, well, the earliest build-up, it ran on PlayStation 2.
But when the Xbox came out, they were like, oh, this thing's a little bit more hardcore, so they did it.
They were going to do online play.
They took it out because they thought it would be too ambitious.
And they really didn't turn a whole lot of profit on this.
They did make a profit on it, just not a whole lot.
But Inaba, that's Inaba Atsushi, was the producer on it.
And he said that the point of it wasn't for profit,
but it was to show what could be done in the game industry that cannot be done in others.
As for ratings, Metacritic gave it an 83 out of 100.
Famitsu gave it 35 out of 40.
It got really, really good reviews for the most part.
Some were not so stellar, like Eurogamer and Edge gave it 6 out of 10.
But who cares what they think?
Who cares what they think?
I think that's notable, though, that a Japanese magazine like Famitsu enjoyed an Xbox game.
You don't hear these stories anymore.
Yeah, well, one of the...
I guess it was Capcom's game.
It was Retro Core, I think.
The guy who does the Battle of the Ports that I'm so fond of
was talking about how he had to go special order his Xbox One in Japan.
Yeah.
But there's a reviewer from IGN.
I really like this quote.
It's like,
Accurate.
Hello, AOL.
Anyway, there were some issues playing on consoles that use the executor mod chip.
The ignition button would trigger the console reset function of the mod chip
so you couldn't start your VT because you would just reset your system.
So it can be avoided by pushing fully forward on the right aiming lever
and pressing the ignition key or disabling the mod chip before playing.
So there were sequels.
There's still Battalion, Line of Contact.
And it also used the same controller.
That came out in 2004.
By the way, this was 2002, I forgot to say.
The third installment was still Battalion Heavy Armor.
And it used the Kinect instead of the original controller,
which is pretty stupid.
If you buy this controller, you should have more games than this.
That's quite economical to use the Kinect instead,
but probably not quite as impressive.
I always just thought the Japanese name was cool.
Tekki, it just sounds cool to say.
Yeah.
Plus I like the box.
I think actually even the U.S. box is stamped with it, with the kanji.
So that's really, that's really it.
The game 2002, still Battalion by Capcom.
But of course, the controller came first.
So you cannot talk about the controller without talking about the game.
Absolutely.
So there it is, your peripheral of the month slash game of the week,
Steel Battalion, another fine choice by Dark Sakura.
This motion sick inducing like, oh, get out.
Real quick before we get back to the show,
since, you know, we don't get to have you in studio, sad face,
outside of these special segments.
Only a few more months.
Any exciting Halloween plans?
I'm working.
Oh, that's, that's really crappy. Sorry to hear it.
Well, I might see if I can, if I can get out.
Cause that's a couple of weeks.
I'm actually getting out early on Friday and not Friday on Friday.
I already have Fridays off on Wednesday so that I can make truffle bread.
But I have to go on the way home.
I have to stop by Joanne's and get black food dye.
Oh, to make scary food.
To make scary food.
Cause I'm not putting activated charcoal in it like a lot of these recipes call for.
Because people might not be aware of this,
but activated charcoal, since it's supposed to absorb,
like legit absorb toxins out of your body.
Like not in that, oh, I'm getting a detox kind of way.
But it's what they give you when you have poisoned yourself.
It also will absorb your vitamins. It will absorb your drugs,
which if someone at my work is on drugs that keep them alive,
I'm not going to be responsible for inhibiting that.
Wasn't the charcoal stuff the stuff that like they put in the Burger King burger
that was black that made everybody's poop turn blue or something like that?
I want to try the Burger King one that's green. It's got a green bun.
No, no thanks. No thanks.
I mean, I don't really like Burger King. I like their onion rings,
but I want to just eat the green burger so I can send a picture to my mother.
Although I did send her a wonderful picture today of a Liberace 8-track.
Oh, beautiful. Oh, at a thrift store, of course.
At a thrift store.
Quintessential thrift store item.
I almost bought it. I was going to make a wallet out of it,
but I was like, I'm just going to sit there going,
hi, I'm Liberace. I'm very gay and very dead.
All right. We need to go back through the portal to the present time.
But any final thoughts for our listeners for this week?
I'm playing Pokemon Go. I'm playing a lot of Pokemon Go.
A lot. And I got robbed Tim Tams.
And the Tim Tams were delicious, I'll have you know.
Anyway, thank you very much Dark Sakura for the walk down memory lane with Steel Battalion.
And that, again, is like an early memory I have of going to Dark Sakura's place
and actually seeing that massive display.
Loki, you remember the Steel Battalion controller and seeing that whole thing?
That thing was amazing.
I remember it, yes.
Yeah. Aren't you a big mech game fan?
Eh.
I thought you were kind of dizzy.
I didn't want to play Steel Battalion, though.
Oh, okay. Not that one.
You want that one game to come back.
What was that Sega game they put on 360 you really liked?
It was a mech game.
Oh, Virtualon? That's all right. That is coming back.
Oh, well, I guess we'll get into that later, won't we?
We will, yes.
All right.
No, the one I used to play a lot was the Battletech.
The Virtual World Battletech games.
Yeah.
Oh, are those the ones that were at the Dave and Busters?
You go in the pods.
Okay, so the ones that they still, like they still bring those basically like Dragon Combat.
They're rebranded now and there's a whole, Bobby did a whole show on it years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah, so like you kind of, the spirit of the whole thing lives on, but yeah.
But you don't ever go to Dragon Combat.
Man, if they updated those games, that'd be sweet.
You never know. You never know.
All right, let's move on. We got some rapid fire news to get into.
Loki, starting with you.
All right, so this is kind of cool.
You know, there's, of course, always new backwards compatible games on Xbox One.
Well, if you happen to have the Half-Life 2, the Orange Box Collection,
then those games are going to be enhanced and backwards compatible with Xbox One as well.
So you can find the X, yeah, the Portal still live, Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2.
Those are all going to have enhanced visuals on the Xbox One X,
as well as the Half-Life 2 Episode 2 Team Fortress Portal and Episode 1 as well.
And I think the original Half-Life, which were all part of the Orange Box.
So that's neat.
Along with that, there's also other enhanced titles as well.
Including, you know, Crackdown, Assassin's Creed, and Red Dead Redemption.
I believe those are all the older ones, so.
I still need to get my copy of the Orange Box in the Xbox One X and check that out.
I mean, that was a great, that Orange Box, if I remember right,
that was a previous OLR game of the year, the year that came out.
And that's just because we're both feeling orange.
It was a great value.
Yeah, it was an amazing value for games.
I wish they would do that again, but they don't have enough games to put in a collection.
The 3 Box, that's what we want, the 3 Box.
Left 4 Dead 3, Portal 3, Half-Life 3.
That's right, the 3 Box.
Do you know how many, oh my god, do you know, like, everybody would just,
like all the gamers out there would just want to take a bus.
Dota 3.
Ahhh!
Bleh!
Okay, anyway.
Never going to fucking happen.
I know, let a man dream.
Alright.
And then, of course, unfortunately, as with most things, there's going to be delays.
And Days Gone, one of the games that they showed off, at least the last few E3s.
I spent a lot of time on it two E3s ago, I think.
Yes, they have delayed it again.
So now, it was originally going to be slated for February 22nd.
Now it's coming out April 26th, 2019.
And of course, as the usual goes, we've recently decided to move the release
of Days Gone from the crowded February timeframe to April 26th, 2019.
While the studio's eager to see Days Gone in the hands of fans,
Ben's studio will take the opportunity to further polish Days Gone.
More polish, spit shine, you know.
The game was not ready to go gold, so we're going to need a little more time.
Take the time.
Alright, take the time to get it right, especially with something that,
you know, you've shined a very, very bright, big spotlight on
in a game you want to perform very well.
I think many of us have a different way of thinking in this day and age
where, you know what, if they had to delay it to get it right, then so be it.
Something you could play on your PlayStation 4 in the meantime
while you're waiting for that is you could play Dream Daddy.
That's right, Dream Daddy.
Which, funny enough, I still haven't really played Dream Daddy.
I'm aware of Dream Daddy and I've seen some of it on Twitch and stuff.
I have not played the game myself.
Maybe that's something I need to fix because there is a Dad Director's Cut,
which I think is like Dada, but Dad Director's Cut,
which is coming out for the PlayStation 4.
And what's nice about this is that because it was originally out on the PC,
the PC version will get upgraded to the Dad Director's Cut for free,
so that's pretty cool.
So anyhow, if you don't know what Dream Daddy is,
it is a hunky dad dating simulator,
and that's kind of neat that it's coming out on PlayStation 4.
It's a little more mainstream by doing that.
My question is, has anyone cosplayed these characters?
I did.
Oh, that's right, you did. I forgot.
Yeah, I did.
I forgot, yeah.
And I swear, only one group of people knew who I was
because I walked by these guys and you know one of them let out the,
yeah, Dream Daddy.
And that's how I knew I was recognized.
I think his name was Brian.
It was the guy with the tank top and the corgi,
and I had a little stuffed corgi and I wore the green.
I did the whole thing because he had a beard too, like I do,
so I was like, I don't want to shave my beard,
so I found a character that I could do that.
And yeah, one person got it, so that's all right.
Anyhow, let's see, in chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
Rama in chat says, I know a few girls who did Dream Daddy crossplays.
Why not? Why not?
All right, but do people get it without having to have it explained to them?
That's when I really enjoy the outfit.
And even the ones that like blend things, you know,
like Deadpool but in the old Marriott carpet,
that's like stuff that you don't have to explain.
It's funny. Anyway.
The director's cut of Dream Daddy will come out on October 30th
for the PlayStation 4. What's new?
There's a new jogging minigame, more side quests,
and other content that was previously cut, so you can check that out.
Moving on to news about Rocket League.
We know that Rocket League is going to be getting crossplay soon,
but not that soon.
The developers of the game are saying that it's going to be coming out in 2019.
The goal was to release Rocket ID before the end of 2018.
The studio said.
But we've made the difficult decision to put this release into early 2019.
The good news is that with Sony's recent announcements
regarding full cross-form functionality,
we can now make additional changes to prepare Rocket ID for all platforms
should we receive the permission to do so.
This is not a delay because of Sony.
They are making that pretty clear.
I guess this is just, you know, since they have to kind of set up this whole Rocket ID
and the whole other thing that they're going to do.
But that is kind of neat that you'll be able to play cross-platform.
And I assume if I have it on Steam and I have it on PlayStation 4
and I have it on Switch, which I do have it on all those platforms,
I'll have one ID to have all my data across all those platforms,
which is pretty cool.
Yes.
That's very cool.
All right.
Let's check out what is in stores this week,
what types of releases we have for games this week.
We're starting to get into a busy time of year, right, Logie?
Yeah, well, yeah, we've already been there.
We're still there.
Bass Pro Shops to Strike Championship Edition coming out on the Switch.
Cavella's The Hunt Championship Edition on the Switch as well.
Just Dance 2019 on the Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Wii U,
and the Wii, the original Wii, still getting games.
Nickelodeon Kart Racers on the Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Paw Patrol on a Roll for PC, the Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Thronebreaker, The Witch's Tale on PC.
Chicken Range on the Switch.
Disaster Report 4 Plus Summer Memories on PlayStation 4.
Eve Burst Error R on the Switch.
Castlevania Requiem on PlayStation 4.
My Hero One's Justice on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4,
and Xbox One.
And last but not least, Red Dead Redemption 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
No PC, boo.
All right.
Well, traveling to Japan to check out the releases over there this week.
You know, the only big one that I'm seeing here on the 26th
is we have the Red Dead Redemption 2 also coming out in Japan.
I don't think I see any other Japanese releases.
Oh, no, there they are. They're there on the 25th.
That's why they're on different day.
I don't know many of these games, but...
Oh, no, this one. This is the big one on PlayStation 4.
Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection International.
Remember how they bumped it back a little bit for Japan?
Yeah, to fix some things and make it appropriate?
That is finally out on the PlayStation 4 this week in Japan.
So that's out on the 25th.
That's why it took me a minute to find because it's the day before Red Dead.
Some other releases in Japan.
LEGO DC Super-Villains gets its Japanese release.
A game called Sakura Sakura, no relation to Dark Sakura, is also out.
And then Noratu Ojuu To Norinako Heart in Premium and Limited Edition.
That is also out in Japan this week.
That is all on the PlayStation 4.
Checking out the Nintendo Switch this week.
That same Street Fighter collection also on the Switch,
as well as Beyblade Burst Battle Zero,
and LEGO DC Super-Villains also on the Switch this week,
as well as the Noratu Ojuu To Norinako Heart,
which I had previously mentioned.
And I believe that is it for Japan.
Checking out to see the Vita, actually.
That Sakura Sakura is also out on the Vita this week
in a regular and limited edition,
even though we know the Vita is on its way out.
Hey, in Japan, there's still a party going on.
So, Loki, would you mind covering the UK while Jamie is still out?
Yep. Some different stuff coming out in the UK.
So we've got Spin Tires Mud Runner, American Wilds Edition.
That's coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Red Dead Redemption 2 also coming out as well on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Dragon Ball Xenoverse and Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.
Looks like a combo pack there for PlayStation 4.
And Dragon Ball FighterZ and Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.
They're also doing another combo pack as well on PlayStation 4.
PAW Patrol on a roll on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, and 3DS.
And last but not least, a game that my son's really interested in.
Bendy and the Ink Machine.
That's coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One over there.
Which one's that? I don't know much about that.
It's like a survivor horror game,
but it's, imagine like old school Mickey Mouse,
but it's not Mickey Mouse.
Kind of like, it reminds me a little bit like Epic Mickey,
where they had, I mean, I guess that's technically still Mickey characters.
They're knockoff Mickey characters.
It's not Mickey Mouse and not Goofy,
but it's like horrible shit that happens and it's a scary game.
And of course, actually a few more games here.
We've got Rapala Fishing Pro Series on the Switch,
Chicken Range on PlayStation 4 and the Switch,
Just Dance 2019, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Switch,
Nickelodeon Kart Racers on PlayStation 4,
Xbox One and the Switch,
and what has Ninja Turtles in there?
Rugrats and SpongeBob and...
The only way I'd get that game is if it has Zim.
I can't really tell from the box art there.
Probably not, unfortunately.
Whatever. Hey Arnold's in there though.
Hey Arnold, hell yeah.
Alright, let's move on and get to...
I'm sorry I'm laughing,
because it's probably not picking up on the microphones,
but, so I full on fed Smoosh during the break.
Guess what? Guess what? He's back now.
Screaming again. I'm back bitches.
I'm back to scream for more. What's he want?
Is this supposed to be a limitless supply of food?
What a fat ass.
Feed me more.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us,
participate at orangeloungeradio.com
and we take your emails and we read them here on the show.
We didn't get a lot of emails,
just one email in two parts is what we got this week,
so we'll read it.
It's from our old pal Robert M who emails us a lot,
and I will always read Robert M emails,
especially when none of the rest of you are emailing,
so here we go.
Robert M says,
I still don't know when I'll get the chance to be in a party group to play,
but I do see that in spite of my original email saying the service
was only showing the Windows and Steam OS Linux versions,
the Mac version of Jackbox Party Pack 5 is in fact on sale on Steam,
and other services as well.
I do see the Switch store sales generally line up pretty well with Steam sales.
I'm guessing PlayStation and Xbox do as well.
There you go, that's the first part from Robert M.
So first off, I forgot that Jackbox Party Pack 5 came out.
I need to pick that up.
I guess that was just this past week.
Only had friends, and I totally play that.
But then really kind of getting to the second part of the question
about the sales generally lining up,
usually because the publisher may choose to do a sale.
Let's say in this case,
Jackbox Games themselves decides to do a sale,
they will probably do kind of a similar thing across all platforms.
In fact, some distribution ends,
like I think Amazon was notorious for this.
I don't know if this is still the rule with Amazon,
but Amazon's thing was always like,
if your product goes on sale anywhere else,
you will have to lower the price here too.
Like you cannot have a sale somewhere else
that isn't matched on Amazon basically,
and that's part of the way that they fight for the low prices.
Not that Amazon is usually known for game sales,
but I guess they do sell, I mean,
I should say, let me choose my words carefully,
digital game sales.
I know they do offer it,
but I always thought I liked the physical stuff.
But I haven't bought a game on Amazon ever since
I got rid of the discount for the Amazon Prime.
Last game I bought was Final Fantasy XI.
Again, it was like another copy because I wanted another.
Bobby in chat says there was a Humble Bundle with the first three packs
and even some of the earlier You Don't Know Jax.
Yeah, I remember that one.
So like a charity thing, of course,
since it was through the Humble Bundle.
There's a second part to the email from Robert M.
who says, sorry for the addendum,
but Cuphead was just released for Mac yesterday.
It runs wonderfully on my old MacBook.
That is all from Robert M.
Oh, yes, Cuphead, still a game worth looking at.
Great bullet hell game with a really nice twist on it
with the whole, like, 30s cartoon stuff.
It's a fantastic game worth your time
if you haven't checked it out.
My seal of approval. There you go.
Again, participate at OrangeLawnTrady.com
is the place to send an email
if you want to send us an email for a future week.
So there you go.
Loki, what do you have for us?
All right.
Well, let's talk a little bit about a game that I alluded to earlier
when we were talking about mech games,
and that would be Sega's Virtual On.
So recently we just had a Virtual On.
What was it?
It was a certain magical Virtual On,
which was, I think, like a spinoff.
But now the actual Cybertroopers Virtual On
and also I believe the, was it Cybertroopers Virtual On
or a Torrio Tangrim
and then Virtual On Force.
Those are going to be released as well.
This is coming out now with this also crowdfunded arcade stick
that they had for Virtual On.
So you can get that with the Tenita twin stick controller,
which looks goddamn massive.
But the twin sticks were awesome.
That's what made the game fun.
No idea how much that is, but looks pretty massive.
The game itself, though, is going to be coming out on PlayStation 4.
So we'll have to wait and see what the availability of those are as well.
I mean, God.
Neat.
Are you excited it's coming back?
I am. I think it's cool.
I wouldn't necessarily spend money on giant controllers
just for, you know, a couple games,
but it's neat that they're doing that.
That sounds like something that maybe Jamie and Dan might be into,
but I don't know.
I will have to ask her next time.
Actually, Jamie's going to be live in the studio next week,
so I'll have to ask her when she's here.
Yeah, so I was just trying to see real quick
what the actual sticks cost.
It went through like a crowdfunding thing.
Oh, here we go.
Ho, ho, ho.
No.
That's a big no.
So apparently...
Okay, okay, that's what their funding goal was.
I was like, is that the cost of the sticks?
Because I ain't buying it for that.
Let's see, so what was the actual cost here?
I've got to translate this because it's all in Japanese.
I don't think it says.
I think they were just raising money.
Okay, here we go.
So 55,400 yen would get you a twin stick controller.
Wow.
I don't know what that translates to.
I think if you want to be really quick and dirty,
100 yen is a dollar.
So $600?
Yeah.
No.
But that's a very quick answer.
Honestly, it's probably a little more generous than that.
But anyway.
No thanks.
Not worth it for me.
But, you know, it's cool that they're making it.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about something
they're not going to be making anymore, unfortunately.
These game magazines out of the UK.
So you wouldn't know them here in the States
unless you imported them.
But maybe some of our folks overseas
know Games Master and Games TM.
They have announced they are closing.
The publisher of the magazine, Future,
has said that both publications will be releasing
their final issues in November.
Games TM has been around since 2002.
Games Master goes all the way back to 1993
when it was released along a TV show
that had the exact same name that was on Channel 4.
Even when the Channel 4 show got cancelled in 1998,
the Games Master magazine was still running.
So Future, in a statement, said that these magazines
were no longer profitable parts of the business.
The decision was difficult,
but they're proud of the work, et cetera, et cetera.
Anyhow, there's other titles like Edge, PC Gamer,
and the official PlayStation and Xbox magazines.
Those are not expected to be affected,
but it's just, you know, magazines again.
The internet is kind of hurting all that.
It's instant, and magazines aren't.
Magazines are always kind of more collector's items
in the state of nature.
I don't even find, like, I get only one magazine now,
and that's Game Informer because I keep signing up
for their stupid discount thing over at GameStop occasionally.
And it's not because I actually sign up for it,
it's just because stuff I purchase,
and I always use my, you know, card with it.
It cruises points, and then the points pay for the membership,
so I don't really pay for it necessarily.
But, like, I honestly, I look at the magazine,
flip through it, like, very briefly, and I toss it aside.
I'm like, eh.
Although this month they had a thing about Dreams,
which is that new medium medical game, so that looks cool.
The more that I see of that, the more kind of hype I kind of get behind it,
but we haven't really heard too much about it.
Other than, like, they kind of had it, like, bits behind, you know,
like the transition stuff between things they were showing at, like,
I don't remember if it was the PlayStation event
or if it was the Sony press conference,
but they had, like, it as, like, a transition thing,
and they didn't really say much about it.
I think it was the last PSX because the E3 thing this year
was they went between the rooms and that whole thing, remember?
They started in the barn, yeah.
Yes, I remember and hate that.
Yeah, but it's probably something they won't be bringing back next year.
All right, let's move on. Loki.
All right, so this is unfortunate as well because, you know,
as much as I like games, I hate when things are removed from games,
and as we may have talked about when the PC version was coming out,
Senran Kongura Burst Renewal, which was delayed,
they were removing the intimacy mode from the port that was coming,
I think, the PC.
Well, now they're saying they're going to be removing it
from the PlayStation 4 version as well.
Basically, they're saying that the wishes of the platform holder
want it removed.
Intimacy mode, I'm assuming, was like a photo mode or something like that.
So, of course, you know, intimacy mode, you can dress up your characters
and grope them, so they wanted to remove that.
Apparently, they weren't happy with that being in the game.
Yeah, I feel like there's, you know, people out there
that would probably take a lot of issue to that,
especially with everything that's going on in the world.
It might not be the best time for a mode like that, I suppose.
There's people defending it, though,
saying, like, if you don't stand up for stuff you don't like,
when they come for the stuff you do like, you've already lost.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Sit down.
There's more important things to worry about in the world
than your anime titties.
All right.
In fact, you know, it's really worrisome.
You know, it really gets the internet up in an uproar.
Puddles.
You remember with Superman, the new Superman game on PlayStation 4?
Spider-Man.
That's what I meant.
Spider-Man game on PlayStation 4, people were taking issue that,
oh my God, there's less puddles in the game than they were showing at E3.
Well, you know, there was a little bit of a tongue-in-cheek thing
that happened that Insomniac did
when they did an update to the game this week.
Now, they did a patch that did some, you know, useful game features
that people were looking for, like a new game plus mode,
and they also will have new items in the photo mode,
like stickers, frames, you know, the type of shit
that people do on their Instagrams and those type of, you know,
photo editing apps, Twitter even as well.
Well, one of the other stickers that they put in the game
is a cartoon puddle, and they actually did a tweet.
So there was a tweet that was put out by one of the guys there
that said, we have a new patch today.
Not only do we have a new game plus,
we have a bunch of stuff in photo mode, including stickers and frames,
and what's funny is they go back to that scene with the puddle,
and they put a bunch of new puddles with the stickers,
and he signed it with, I fixed this for you.
Happy face.
I love that.
What a sassy little bitch.
What a sassy bitch, I love it.
I love it.
Yes, hey dog, I heard you like puddles.
Our assistant, J100 Matt in chat says, puddles with puddles.
Puddle-ception.
Just a few more stories for you guys,
then we're going to get to your calls at Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word on Skype, but first, Loki.
So we talked a little bit about, I think it was a few weeks ago,
about Mario Kart and how they were receiving a cease and desist,
because they were operating a tour service that was in go-karts,
and they were dressed up like Mario Kart characters,
and Nintendo took issue with that,
because apparently they were colliding with cars and stuff like that,
and they didn't like the image that that was leaving.
Well, Mario Kart decided, hey, guess what, we don't give a fuck,
and they were going to continue doing business as usual,
despite having the cough of $90,000 in damages.
Apparently they're saying that right now they're going to be continuing their service
as it's appealing the ruling with the courts.
So, I don't know.
I don't know if you'd want to pick a fight with Nintendo,
but $90,000 seems like a pretty lax amount of money,
but now...
The man can't shut me down.
Yeah, so I don't know.
They know that they're holding a blue shell in their inventory right now.
I'd totally do it, though.
I would totally do a tour dressed up like Yoshi or Mario.
Oh, yeah, heck yeah. This sounds like a lot of fun.
Why not?
I think I mentioned this when the story first came up.
I went to that little racing place that isn't far from here one time.
An ex took me there a long time ago. It was my ex.
And we did that whole thing, and I was like, this is like playing Mario Kart,
but for real and without the red shells and green shells.
It was a lot of fun.
I kind of want to do that again sometime.
They need a totally like an AR.
I know they have the virtual, the VR Mario Kart,
but they need like an AR Mario Kart game of like...
Where you play with your real kart.
No, where you're actually in real go-karts and stuff,
and you hit a button or whatever that's on the steering wheel,
and then maybe they could have projectors or something that project.
Are you talking about like Mario Kart Arcade?
I'm talking about like an actual go-kart place or something.
You know, do like battle mode.
Oh, like, okay, okay.
Like maybe like you have a HUD that is on the windshield
or something that shows you like items and stuff.
Yeah.
That'd be silly.
I don't think they'd do it because it'd be too dangerous and hard to do,
but like, it'd be neat.
Yeah, it could be fun.
All right.
One more story for you guys before we get to the Skype line tonight,
and unfortunately, this is not so lighthearted.
It's pretty sad, but the co-founder of Microsoft, Paul Allen,
passed away this week at 65.
Now, I don't think Paul Allen really did a lot directly with the Xbox,
but certainly as he was one of the co-founders of Microsoft,
without him, we would not have the Xbox or any Xbox One, et cetera,
and PC gaming and all of that.
Microsoft has a huge responsibility and all that.
He did pass away at the age of 65.
That's really not old when you think about it.
He passed away from non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
He had been fighting various...
I mean, he had fought Hodgkin's lymphoma a while ago,
so unfortunately, yeah, he did pass in this past week.
There was a tweet from the current CEO of Microsoft
that said Paul Allen's contributions to our company and the community
are indispensable.
He was the co-founder of Microsoft,
and so his own quiet and persistent ways created magical products,
experiences, and institutions.
He founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975.
He did leave the company in 1982 when he was first diagnosed,
but then I think he was on the board or something for a little while,
and he didn't really officially resign from the board
until a few years ago.
He wasn't only known for Microsoft, though, however.
He did some other things.
He owned sports teams. I know that.
He was a big presence in the Pacific Northwest
because he owned the Portland Trail Blazers.
He owned the Seahawks.
He founded Vulcan, which is a lot of the philanthropy type of things
are through that,
and Ticketmaster was also something I think that he was an investor in.
I don't know how much he did with that, but he did that as well.
He was invested in various apps, one called SportsStream,
which is like a social app for sports people,
and he had a controlling interest in charter communications at one point too.
So, you know, he took all that Microsoft money
and basically invested in all these other companies.
So he's had a huge impact on the tech world
and unfortunately no longer with us,
so a lot of people are remembering him this week.
Going to our chat at live.vognetwork.com,
Bobby Blackwell says he co-founded TechTV,
which was eaten by G4 after he gave up on it.
He said the reason why Comcast bought TechTV,
and this is Bobby's comments in our chat,
is because Paul Allen was bored with it and wanted to get rid of it.
I did not realize that.
Wow, that's also very huge.
I'm glad he got bored with it.
Yeah, right?
Somebody should have found a way to entertain him.
What did he want to see on the...
Did he want, like, dancing kittens on the network?
Because if so, they should have just had that show at night.
We'll get you all the kittens.
Keep Paul Allen happy.
That merger would have never happened.
Anyway, that's unfortunate.
Well, you know, think of it this way.
TechTV and G4 and all that suck.
It didn't suck when Paul Allen was involved.
And when he left, well, you know the rest.
Anyway.
Let's move on.
We're going to open up our Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word, if you want to give us a call during our show.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
We're running really short tonight.
It's not even 8 o'clock yet.
But I feel like the news,
like a lot of the news isn't really like,
it's a lot of quick hits.
You don't have a lot of really deep dive news stories this week.
But maybe you have something you want to talk about
or bring up that we didn't get to.
Sure. Well, since we mentioned,
we were talking about backwards compatibility
with the Orange Box and stuff.
Guess what your Xbox One can run now?
Crysis.
Crysis.
It can run Crysis 1, 2, and 3.
Where's Breslull? He needs to know.
They're all backwards compatible.
So go play your Crysis games.
Hooray!
And then, of course,
there's a game I don't like to talk about because it's garbage.
But hey, this garbage game called Metal Gear Solid,
or Metal Gear Survive,
they're doing an event where you can get a Pyramid Head costume
and they have Castlevania music
because it's just a total fucking shit show.
Because Konami realizes that the retro stuff sells.
They don't really know how to sell it yet,
so they just kind of throw it everywhere and see what sticks.
Just don't.
Just no one.
No.
Don't buy the game.
Terrible.
Terrible game.
And then, man, this is a flashback for me.
Independent game shops are told they're not going to get
Red Dead Redemption 2 until November.
Yep, that's unfortunate.
And that's pretty typical because
when demand goes up, there's only a finite amount of copies,
and guess who gets those copies?
The large retailers.
Amazon.
Amazon.
Which is why your old company, sadly, is no longer around, really.
In part.
Yeah, lots of reasons, but yes.
That's definitely...
It didn't help being in those situations.
I had to be in the end of telling people a lot of times,
Hey, you know all the Call of Duty's you order for launch day?
Yeah, you're gonna get them launch day.
A lot of times.
And I'm sure they loved to hear that.
They got used to it.
Unfortunately.
That's horrible.
It is.
A hitstun in chat says,
Oh, I didn't know Loki OLR's old company isn't around anymore.
Well, the company might still be there, right?
No, it's gone.
The whole company went under, so they sold to their competitors,
and then...
I don't know if they...
I'm assuming they kept part of the game's version.
They kept a couple of people on from the game's thing,
but they have their own games company as well,
so it was kind of overlap.
But then they kept some of the...
like 30 of the people from my company, the video side,
over, and they opened like a satellite branch or whatever,
but yeah, they closed down in 2014, so...
Now I've moved on to bigger and better things.
So, it's all good.
Just don't have to deal with the game drama anymore.
Trust me, it's a lot less stressful now.
Yeah, what you do now is a lot less stressful.
Yeah, a hell lot less stressful.
You're a career man now.
Yeah, it's using my potential even better.
Do you get asked to do crunch time at your current job?
No.
No?
No.
No, I just get people angry because...
Well, don't say too much about your career.
I manage data, and so I point out when they're not managing their own data, and so...
People don't like to hear that.
And they don't like hearing that, like,
And they're like,
Okay, and then I check back six months later,
why haven't you cleaned this crap up yet?
And they're like,
Why are you always coming down on us and throwing us under the bus?
I'm like, because you're not fucking doing your work after six months.
Yeah.
No, I go through a similar struggle in what I do.
I mean, I love my job, don't get me wrong,
and I've never talked negative about my job on the show,
but, you know, part of my job is I do training,
and I train in medical-related things,
so you know HIPAA is a big thing, you know,
privacy of patient information.
So basically, part of my job is just making sure that every year,
everybody's doing their training, because that's, you know, the law.
But some people don't like the fact that I know
when they're not taking their HIPAA training on a yearly basis,
because I come to track them down saying,
You know, you do have to take your 30 minutes and do this training,
you know, 30 minutes a year to do this training,
because, you know, we're kind of like legally have to do that.
And some of these people, you know, they're very, very high up,
and they don't really want to be told that,
because it's like, I don't write the laws, buddy.
Yeah.
So, yeah. Anyhow.
Let's see. Bonds006 in chat says,
Clean your damn room.
It's kind of similar to that.
It is. I mean, it's stupid stuff that I have to manage.
You know, it's stuff I don't technically have to manage.
I've just taken it upon myself to manage, because it annoys me,
because I used to be in the position where I had to clean.
Well, I still have to clean it up now,
but I used to be in a position where, you know,
it's done, and it's just a cascading effect.
Yeah. One more call for calls.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype,
if you want to give us a call and talk about whatever's on your mind tonight.
This is one of those nights. It's going to be a quiet night here at Studio LR.
You know, if I don't end up using my second camera,
we have a nice HD camera, HD and 4K camera,
that we could totally use in this room.
Yoink. Let's steal that. Set that up.
I don't know if that XP computer can handle that,
but we can definitely put it on a new computer.
If you don't feel like calling, we'll field,
because I know it is a little short,
I will field questions in chat at live.orangelandradio.com.
Jesus Christ. Maybe if I wasn't broken, we wouldn't have such a short show.
live.vognetwork.com if you want to post any questions.
We'll just, you know, we can take open questions in our chat room,
since we are running a little short.
But yeah, no, that would be great. Actually, that's a huge,
that's one thing off the list. It's more the computer is the big thing I have to buy.
And then we're gonna have to think about how to rearrange this room,
because ideally, all of us will be against this wall here,
so this wall can kind of be green, and we can do tricks with it.
And so that way, because obviously we can't be at the same,
because right now, the way we're facing, if we were to put a camera face,
like you would see my dirty kitchen behind everything.
It's just like shit everywhere in the kitchen. I don't want to shoot at that angle.
You could face it this way.
You could. You could do it this way against this larger wall here.
That's something we could do.
Because then you have all the posters up already.
It's just the lighting in this room is not exactly what you're supposed to do.
Yeah, this isn't exactly the best studio, but we can figure that out.
Keep in mind, the green screen that I did buy came with more lights.
I just don't use them because they can get hot.
Yeah.
So, but...
I almost got a green screen, but then I was like,
no, I've already spent enough money on this crap.
I still may, because that was the other thing too,
is like if I don't end up using the camera for this,
I still may keep it for when I actually do non-DDR content as well,
which we can always buy another one.
Doesn't the chat, I mean, chat, do you want us to have a green screen behind it?
I mean, shouldn't we be able to float away to different worlds
and different places on a whim?
Or have the games that we're talking about possibly behind them?
Well, we could do like a total, because now that I've messed with OBS now,
and I'm like a little bit more comfortable,
we can do like a lot of fancy shit with that, so.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, we're all the...
I don't know how much I can say on,
but there's already one fancy kind of thing that Bobby is working on.
So that's all I can say.
Yeah.
So it'd be kind of nice.
I think it's fancy.
Anyway, S2100matt in chat says, nah, start with a regular studio show.
Well, I mean, don't worry, Matt.
I'm not going to go crazy out the gate, and it is still a radio show,
but it would be nice to have like the green screen,
and we could just put like a static image,
but when we're talking about a particular game,
like the classic game of the week,
have some of the footage of the game of the week running behind it
on the green screen.
It'd be kind of nice, wouldn't it?
So, all right.
Anyhow, which Tigerclaw is exactly saying in chat.
Yes, that is ideal.
Anyway, we do have a call finally coming in.
Y'all are slow tonight.
Hi, you're on Orson's Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, Bizack Def.
Oops, she didn't hear what I just said.
Did you?
Hi, Bizack Def.
How are you, buddy?
Well, basically, I want to talk about Pokemon Go.
Sure.
Why not?
Why not?
Let's be a Pokemon Go show.
What do you want to talk about?
Well, since we don't have a Pokestop podcast.
Anyways, but I want to talk about something you were talking
on your gaming week sense of older people playing Pokemon Go,
and it's something that, in my case,
I also said it's all people playing Pokemon Go
or people with under 50s, maybe in their 60s too,
but at least in my city, I have known many people
that actually are families, and they play together,
and it's really, really amazing.
And even though the age difference is kind of big,
we can still talk together, and we have a really great time,
even though, like Bobby said, it's a dead game, unquote.
It's still really fun to hang out with people of every age.
Bobby still opens my gifts pretty regularly,
so he doesn't really think it's a dead game, just so we're clear.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just teasing.
Even like yesterday, we got the Ultra Friend level.
I was about to say, actually, funny we bring that up,
so let me out, Bobby, on something else here too,
is that I hit level 40 in Pokemon Go this week.
I can't believe I left that out of my gaming week,
but I hit the maximum.
I totally neglected to say this.
Congrats again.
I hit the maximum level in Pokemon Go,
which means not only am I the maximum level in Pokemon Go
and the maximum level in Ingress.
So in both of my antics, I'm a 60-40, or 16-40,
which means I'm the max level in Ingress.
That must mean you're a shoo-in for whatever beta
they're going to have for the Harry Potter game.
I can't fucking wait.
I hope that Harry Potter game kicks ass.
Look at my credentials.
Look at my credentials.
Exactly, right?
But yeah, I hit level 40,
and the reason why I'm invoking Bobby when I do it,
even though he didn't message me to tell me he triggered it
so I could pop an experience egg, it's okay.
I was so close that when Bobby and I hit three star friends,
that is what pushed me to level 40,
was Bobby and I's friendship.
So Bobby, even though you say Pokemon Go is a dead game,
I just want you to remember,
our friendship made me the nerd I am today.
I did pop an egg, though, when we had four star friends.
Yeah, and I think the latest patch to the game
made it harder to get the jump on that
when you first opened the app,
because I open up the app, I'm like,
okay, I need to go pop an egg,
and before I could even hit items, it's like,
you and Loki O-L-R are friends.
I'm like, god damn it, I didn't get a chance to pop the egg.
I think they might have made that harder
because so many people were really milking XP from that.
That's easy.
Don't make your stupid eggs count towards that, then.
Yeah, that would be one way to do it.
Or, at the same time, is it really that bad
because people are buying those experience eggs?
I just need all the fucking notifications
that pop immediately.
I'm trying to sync my Pokemon.
Did you upgrade the latest version
where they consolidated all the notifications?
They don't, though.
It's still good at every...
Yeah, but at least they moved the icon for the Go Plus down
so it doesn't get in the way now.
No, it's still in the way.
Oh, because you don't have an iPhone X.
You have the smaller screen iPhone, right?
The screen's not that small.
It's just like, I don't know.
It's stupid.
I just don't want the notifications.
Interesting.
That is weird.
Anyway, sorry.
I didn't mean to make it about me, Act F,
but I felt that was an important point,
is that I hit level 40.
I'm the biggest nerd.
Well, technically, I hit level 40 before you, bud.
I'm still level 7 on Ingress, though.
Oh, well, at least I have that.
I have that.
I think I'm only the second player in Sacramento
that I know of, but the problem is
our team and the Resistance team in Ingress
don't exactly mingle a lot,
so I don't know if any of them are level 40 in Pokemon Go.
I suspect one of them might be,
but you can't really ping a player in Pokemon Go
like you can in Ingress to check their profile,
so if I'm not second, I'm probably third,
but that's in this whole city.
It's pretty disgusting.
That's still a really great achievement,
getting max levels on both games.
Thank you.
Again, congrats on that,
especially on Ingress. It's not easy.
It's not.
It is not. It is really not.
It's taken, but you know, I've met so many rats.
Just on Saturday, just yesterday,
we had a get-together of about 27 players here locally.
Just got together and had lunch and having a good old time.
We were kind of playing the game together, actually,
and a couple times this week.
I don't usually talk about this type of stuff during my gaming week
just because I feel like people probably get bored with Ingress chat,
but it's a short show, so here you go.
We got together twice.
We did it Thursday night, and then we did it Friday night as well
because we thought it would be funny
because the other team had to spend a couple hours
to take down what we did Thursday night,
so we were like, let's do it again, and we did it bigger.
So we were just having fun.
So what we do, we all get in two separate cars,
and we drive down what we call the grid, so downtown,
and we build these portals to max level and max strength.
But the whole time we're riding in the car,
we're just cracking jokes and talking and just having a good time,
and it's like all these people from different walks of life
who play this game, like these people I would have never met,
but they just happen to play the same game, you know what I mean?
Yeah, especially.
And turning back to the main topic I was going to talk about,
it's really awesome that you can pretty much hang out
with any kind of people.
I have played with people way younger than me,
again, people older.
It's something I really, really like about this game
and the community itself, especially in Pokmon GO,
because in Ingress we all know that doesn't happen really frequently,
but in Pokmon GO, even if you're like,
I'm Team Valor or I'm Team Mystic, I'm Team Instinct,
you can still help each other in so many ways.
Sadly, Ingress is very much not like that.
The whole game thing and that stuff, it's like another thing,
but it's not like the main thing, and I like that.
I like that.
Yeah.
How do you feel about the whole Pokstops in Mexico?
Now, you're right outside, because they tend to draw the borders
at a certain latitude and longitude for that kind of stuff,
and you live just north of where they drew that border, right?
Yeah.
They launched the beta in Mexico on Tuesday, if I remember correctly,
and I'm level 40, so I'm awesome.
I'm going to play Pokstops and all that stuff.
And when I open the app, the Pokstop nomination doesn't appear,
so I started investigating, and also it has to do with Ingress
and how the cells work, how they tie up their place.
Oh, yeah.
So yeah, I can't nominate Pokstops.
I have even nominated four, but I nominated four way south of the city,
the outskirts, literally, of the city.
Okay.
So yeah, I had to go way, probably not an hour,
but close to an hour from my home to at least try it.
And curiously, and this one, I'm really frustrated about it.
From where I work, it's like a kilometer away
where I can start nominating Pokstops.
So it's like, really?
One kilometer away?
Yeah, so close yet so far.
But you know what's funny?
And so I get the other end of that because I am the high enough level in Ingress.
I do review stuff in OPR.
I haven't seen stuff that's come in from Pokmon yet,
and supposedly you can tell the difference
because Pokmon makes you take an extra picture, which is great.
That's actually a really good thing, and more stuff will go through because of that.
And just a tip, if you are going to submit stuff in Pokmon GO,
make sure you're not just submitting two of the exact same picture.
Do one close-up, especially if it's a plaque.
Do one picture of the plaque, and then do one way back
where you can see the plaque, but you can see what it's on
and that it's not in a private building somewhere,
that it's outside somewhere accessible on a sidewalk.
Because if I see that, it's publicly accessible somewhere like that,
I'm way more likely to approve it.
That's the rules. It has to be publicly accessible.
It can't be in a median.
And especially in a place like Mexico,
the Google Street technology is not the same as it is in the States,
so we don't necessarily have street view for everything.
Even here in California, I get reviews for some stuff in Mexico.
And the other day I got a church,
and all I had to go off of was the satellite view
and a really super close-up picture.
And I still approved it in good faith, pun intended.
I still approved it because there was like no pokey stops around.
I was like, you know what?
And the picture was definitely like a church-related thing,
and I'm like, I'm just going to trust this is legit
because on the satellite view, there was nothing for me to distinguish
that that was indeed a church and not somebody's house.
And that's the thing you're always paranoid of in Ingress.
You do not want somebody's house to get a portal,
and people will try it.
Oh, yeah. I know people that kind of have tried this on Ingress.
But yeah, talking about the process in Pokemon Go,
there's more steps because it's not only take the picture,
name the title, description, and that's it.
No, you do have to take another picture,
though I didn't know that you can take a wider shot of the same place.
What I have done is just like in one of the pokey stops,
I tried to nominate.
It's a mural of Virgencita, the Virgenava de Lupe.
And so I took the picture of the mural itself,
and then I turned around and turned to the street.
So I took the place that surrounds,
because it tells you the place that surrounds the pokey stops.
So I took it in that sense.
Oh, right.
If that gets rejected, do it again,
and do your one of the mural,
and then cross the street and take a picture
where you see the mural and the entire house that it's on.
That's what they're looking for.
That is not necessarily a house.
It's like a taco stand.
Okay, that's fine. If it's a taco stand, it doesn't matter.
Because what they want to know,
they just want to make sure it's not temporary.
It's not a taco truck.
It's a permanent taco stand of some sort.
You know what I mean?
It's permanent, so it's the wall.
And even though I took the picture of the street itself,
so it's not necessarily that bad.
But if it gets rejected, I'm going to try again
and do that, especially,
because I did get a pokey stop rejected,
but I think it was because of the placement it has,
because it's next to a firefighter place,
and also next to a police station.
So, yeah.
You know what I think I'll do one night?
I don't think there's any NDA or anything.
I really don't, because OPR is out there.
I think one night I'm going to do this,
if you guys would be interested in this.
I don't think everybody would be interested in this.
But at one point, I think what I'm going to do,
I'm going to do a stream on Twitch
of reviewing portals in OPR
so you guys can see what I'm doing
and what you see in that whole process.
Would that be fun? Would that be interesting?
I would watch it.
Yeah, cool. No, I think I'll do that at some point.
Not tonight. Bobby's going to do the post-stream tonight,
but I'm going to plan that for this week sometime.
I think that would be just a quick stream
just so you can kind of get a sense of what all goes into that.
I bet some of the Pokmon GO fans would be really curious
what an Ingress player is looking for in approving that,
because I know not everybody in the Pokmon GO.
The nice thing about being 1640 now
is I really feel like I can speak to both games with authority.
You know what I mean?
Because I've put my time in in both games, right?
So I feel like what the Pokmon GO crowd
doesn't kind of get about the Ingress crowd,
because they're like, what?
These people that play another game have the say on it.
But again, and I've said this a lot on OLR,
the Ingress players are also going to be much more scrutiny
of what is legit and what is not than Pokmon GO,
because there's really not a lot of downside
to Pokmon stops and gyms pretty much anywhere.
Although, as SHO 100 Matt points out,
you can't stop somewhere in somebody's backyard
on a memorial plaque that they put in their backyard,
and that's not okay.
But by having put that time in an Ingress
where you understand better the PvP nature of the game,
you understand why the game board can't be full of garbage.
It has to be places that are interesting.
And again, the cool thing about Ingress
is that it really has taken me to all these places
I wouldn't have given a shit about otherwise.
And to have discovered some of these different murals
or really gorgeous graveyard memorial sites
or the fact that there are more Korean churches
than I can count on my side of town and all this stuff,
I would have never known that before, you know?
Yeah, it's pretty amazing.
Yeah.
I still have tons of Pok stuff
that I haven't visited in my own town, so yeah.
Yeah. Very cool stuff.
Well, Act F, I appreciate the conversation on Pokmon.
It's one of my favorite subjects,
but I should let you go to see
if anyone else wants to sneak in, okay?
Okay, no problem.
All right, have a good one, buddy.
Thanks for having me.
Hey, any time. Thanks for being here. Bye.
All right, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype,
if you want to give us a call.
We'll leave it open for a little bit longer to see
because I thought I saw somebody in chat
say they wanted to try to get in,
so I'll leave it open a little bit longer
to see if anyone else wants to get in.
But otherwise, we'll probably wrap up here pretty soon.
Don't apologize for taking up time, Act F.
It was a good call.
Let's see, and again, Bobby Blackwell's
going to be doing the post-show stream tonight.
For those of you that are listening live,
you can check out his Twitch channel,
at BobbyBlackWolf.
You can check out mine, at Rob Roberts.
You can check out Loki's, at Loki O-L-R.
Yep.
And then, also, you should add VOG Network
while you're at it if you're not already there
because even though there's not a lot there yet,
you can anticipate that very soon,
you're going to start seeing more and more at VOG Network.
And we'll let you know more
when that's going to come into play.
Also, I should do a cheap shout-out for our Discord,
which you can go to at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
You can check that out.
And, you know, we pull stories for the show
from our Discord that you guys submit.
If you do like Pokmon GO, we have a little channel
where people kind of just share screenshots, friend codes,
things of that sort, and all that.
By the way, speaking of VOG,
I was going to do this for my final thought,
but since we have a little extra time,
I'll just elaborate a little more on it now.
This is the final episode of one of our, you know,
really starter shows here at VOG Network.
Remember the final episode tomorrow.
So it's, you know, we just want to bid a fond farewell
and thanks to the memories to Pod Culture,
who's going to be signing off tomorrow
with their final episode after, god,
I think it's like 12, 13 years.
I lost count, but they've been going over 10 years.
You know, on and off, granted.
They've, you know, had to have some time off
due to personal challenges,
but, you know, they still were able
to crank out the final episode.
So he will be signing off with his crew tomorrow
here at the Voice Geeks Network.
It's 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
and we just want to say thank you very much
to Brad and the whole crew over at Pod Culture
for being here with the network for so long,
and I think there are some more things
that he has in store for the future.
He has said that they are not going to stop
doing the TARDIS interruptus kind of side stuff
they do with Doctor Who,
and I know a lot of people are really into this new series.
I saw a lot of rave reviews for the episode that was today.
Of course, I'm not going to spoil,
because I don't watch it myself,
so I wouldn't know what to spoil,
but I know I was seeing some rave reviews
on Twitters for today's episode,
so I know a lot of people are super into Doctor Who right now
that the Doctor regeneration is kind of, you know,
just always kind of re-energizes the fan base.
So, anyhow, Loki, any other stories you want to get out here
before we sign off for the night?
Nope, I don't have anything.
All right, and our phone really isn't ringing,
so I think that's it.
I think we're going to sign off a little early.
It's a little bit of a shorter show, but what can you do?
It gives Loki more time to go play Pokemon Go, doesn't it?
Uh, yeah, I have to go.
Do you have your Chimchar and your Piplup
and your Turtwig and all the Gen 4 stuff?
I have, yeah, a lot of those already,
so I'm just collecting them as they come.
What is my Synodex up to right now?
It's up to ten.
I have ten in the Synodex,
but you know what, I'm purposely holding back a little bit,
because I have the candy to evolve a Chimchar and a Piplup,
but I don't have one that is the highest appraisal for the good IVs.
I'm waiting until I get those.
I did get a Turtwig with high IVs,
and so I evolved the Groviel, Grotle? Grotle is what they're called.
I evolved one of those.
So I have ten of the new, because you know I got Bidoof.
I love me some Bidoof.
And actually, speaking of Gen 4, there's a little Kricketot,
the little red cricket that's in a suit.
There's one of those in the house right now.
I've already evolved one of those.
I haven't evolved one yet, because again, I can't get one
that's the highest appraisal.
They're weak as shit. Who cares?
Just evolve it and delete it.
I know, because I'm neurotic about that stuff.
What I'll do, if I get enough candies to evolve two,
then I probably will.
That's all I do, especially if it's a bird.
I'm like, you're just essentially garbage.
I'm just going to evolve you and throw you away.
Well, my concern is that those Gen 4 starters are everywhere right now,
but as they start to unleash more and more of Gen 4,
this stuff's going to scale back.
So I want to try to catch the wonder.
I got one of the Bonaire ones I had to get in a raid.
Oh my god, how about that?
The Kricketot is on the house? Wonder.
That's my first one.
So it's HP, stats exceed my calculations.
So it's level 15 HP. So there you go.
I'm going to get to 11 right here, live on the show.
I'm going to evolve that Kricketot right now.
How about that? Complaining works!
Hooray!
I think the one I got is the same specs, isn't it?
Yeah, the Wonder HP.
Yeah, nice, right?
You know, they should all be the same Pokemon.
That looks like a Kricket with a porn mustache or something.
That's quite something there, that little evolve one.
It's more like a collar.
Yeah, Kricketoon.
Oh god, their CP is horrible.
Yeah.
Oh, because they're bug type.
Anyway, apparently it's the Poke... I know.
Sorry Akuma, the Poke Show.
Hey, you know what?
It's something we play a lot of and there's a lot of excitement right now with the new generation.
But we will be talking about plenty more games coming up throughout the next week.
I know I want to get my hands on Soulcalibur 6.
Loki, Red Dead Redemption 2 is on your radar, I'm sure.
Yep, so we'll have some more games to talk about next week.
For download, so hopefully it'll be downloaded.
They said it was supposed to start downloading already, but...
That whole 100 gigs? The 100 gigs you got set aside?
Hey, I checked my Comcast the other day. I got plenty of gigs left.
It's good.
Especially after Free Leech on certain sites.
I was surprised that I have that much left.
I ate 120 or 122 gigs already this month just from Forza Horizon downloads alone.
But you know what? Worth it.
Yeah, I haven't played Horizon 4 in a while.
Oh, you need to. It's so good. I need to play more.
I need to let go of WoW, but this is what happens when I start doing MMOs.
Anyhow, let's wrap up.
Thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you for downloading our show and supporting us.
If you like what you heard, please tell a friend about the show.
Because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if the voices are here to air.
Otherwise, a nice five-star review in a place like iTunes or wherever it is you found this show,
those go a long, long way and we really appreciate it.
We're going to wrap up and get final thoughts.
Loki, we'll go with you.
My final thought is I am not going to get rid of the second camera just yet
because I need, apparently, okay, this is stupid.
The stupid Fitbit app for PC, you have to sync it via a stupid $6 dongle you get to buy
even though it's fucking Bluetooth and my computer has fucking Bluetooth in it.
But no, you have to buy a stupid dongle.
So anyways, I'm going to try to be streaming maybe this week at 6.30 Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday, we'll see.
So just keep an eye on that.
Follow me if you want.
And I'm going to be doing some DDR stuff
and hopefully I'm not going to be too out of shape because it's yesterday when I played.
Granted, I play nonstop, so it's just straight back-to-back 30 minutes of actual playing DDR and heavy doubles.
That was tough. That was really tough.
So tune in though. It'll be fun.
Alright. Well, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
My final thought, I need to figure out what I'm going to dress up as for Halloween
or I'm going to have to recycle the pizza costume that Alan bought,
which is why there's a big foam piece of pizza sitting on the couch.
I was wondering about that.
That was Alan's Halloween costume he wore to a thing over the weekend.
And he dyed his hair orange with that temporary spray stuff and he wore a red shirt, so he was a big slice of pizza.
Yeah, I'm skipping Halloween this year just because.
You're no fun.
Well, no, because at my work they tend to do like,
we're voting on what we're going to do this year.
I just don't want to go with their stupid themes.
I want to do my own shit and they're like, we're doing circus this year.
I'm like, well, I'm doing nothing this year then.
I'm not fucking dressing up like circus.
You showed them.
They did Zoo last year and I dressed up in one of those inflatable T-Rex costumes.
So I think it's an animal.
All right. All right. Well, that's it.
We're done. We're out of here.
Have a great week, guys. We'll see you in seven days.
Jamie will be back here next week and it's episode number 750.
So we hope you'll join us here on another episode of our very, very, very, very, very long running video game podcast.
In the meantime, happy gaming.
Be cool to each other. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
