Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
750 episodes, 750, that's a significant number and a heck of a lot of content from this music game turned all things gaming show.
From us in NorCal straight to your ears, this is still the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back, it's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
This is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, episode number 750.
750, just like Jason said in the intro there.
For this, October the 28th of 2018.
Happy Halloween y'all out there, since I know many folks are celebrating, you know, this weekend.
Because Halloween's not really a lot of fun on a Wednesday, but maybe some of you guys will be trick-or-treating or maybe playing some scary games over the week, we'll see.
Anyway, say hello to our co-hosts, welcome back to Studio Tonight.
I know she's been on the show thanks to Radio Magic, but it's so nice to have her here in person during this work period.
Say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Why do we call cookies cookies when you bake them?
Aren't they bakies?
Little bakies?
Bakies.
I don't know.
Biscuits.
And then it could be get baked off bakies.
Not these.
By the way, this is a really funny story actually, I don't know, maybe it's not funny, but before we were on air tonight.
So DarkSakura made cookies to bring to the show.
Anzac biscuits.
Which was very kind of you to do.
Bakies.
And then she said when she was explaining them to Loki, because Loki doesn't always eat every food you put in front of him.
I might as well just say hi to Tag Master Loki.
Hi, Loki.
Hi.
So Loki doesn't always eat everything you put in front of him.
He's what you call a picky eater, which is fine.
I'm not picky, I just have a diet that I have.
And cookies are a lot of calories.
That's a convenient excuse.
So anyway.
I ate cookies yesterday, it's just, you know.
Alright, anyway, fine.
They were soy cookies.
Anyway, so DarkSakura, in explaining them to Loki, said they were special cookies.
And I was like, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
You put weed in these cookies?
And DarkSakura goes, yeah.
Like totally without skipping a beat.
And I'm like, Jamie, you're supposed to, like, you can't do that to your friends.
I thought you said wheat.
Yeah, they're cookies.
She thought I said wheat.
Like, yeah, they're cookies.
They're made with flour.
I was like, why would you give me wheat cookies?
And not tell me, like, before the show.
Because that's an awesome thing to do for episode 750.
No, that's a horrible prank to play on your friends.
Don't do that.
That's not nice.
So I don't care if it's legal in California now.
Some people have issues.
Who could use a good stoning?
Anyway.
Jamie, how has the last month or so been treating you?
Yeah, same TBH.
Same.
Anyway.
It was a lot of pinball.
Really.
Yeah.
I've been trying to play my theater of magic and get better at it.
Dan's like, cool, I could just show you everything.
No, I want to learn it for myself.
And finally I broke down and read the rule sheet.
I keep forgetting.
They do make, like, official rules for pinball, even though, like, very few of us have probably
ever seen them because they don't really exactly put them in arcades easily.
Well, they might, like, hang them on the wall or something, but most people don't think
to look for them.
You can get them now from the, like, the pinball internet database or something.
The internet?
The interwebs.
Anything is possible.
And then Dan and I were watching the mini Games Done Quick from TwitchCon.
Yeah.
That was pretty good.
We watched the blindfold Symphony of the Night run.
Oh, that's fun.
And just listening to the cues, though, I was like, I see how he's doing it.
But you still have to have a good bit of memorization in on that one.
Have you picked up the Castlevania, like, combo pack?
I forget the Requiem or whatever they called it.
Not yet.
It's on the PS4.
Not yet.
How do you feel about the fact that they use the newer voice acting as opposed to the classic?
I don't mind.
Yeah?
All right.
I mean, the old one was cheeseball and great in its own light, but, you know, I really
don't mind.
Well, fair enough.
I just wish that they would, like, do an HD version of the Saturn one.
Yeah, that would be nice to use kind of like that as the base, even though it makes sense
because, you know, this PlayStation 4 that this back came out on, it makes sense.
But yeah, I'd like to see the same one.
I want to play through it as Richter or Maria.
I've never gotten to play the game as Maria, so I would love to check that out.
Actually, we'll have to have you over to do a Saturn stream.
That'll be fun.
Of Nocturne in the Moonlight, which I still think is a better name than Symphony of the
Night.
Yes, it would be a good time.
Because it's the same as, you know, Rondo and Nocturne.
They're the same type of thing instead of just a symphony.
Go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night
at the VoiceGeeks network, vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream says, I make cookies with coconuts, not wheat.
But your-
These also have coconuts in them.
They also say they have both.
Actually, my dear friend JJ, who has been in the chat a few times, gave me this recipe
for Anzac cookies or biscuits that were, I think for World War II, that were made to
send off because they didn't need a lot of preservative or something.
Right.
I'll have to find the official story again, but they're really delicious.
They're made with coconut and rolled oats and golden syrup and baking soda.
Cooking with Sakura.
Anyway, just to make sure I get the full plug in there so that Bobby gets his free plug.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the VoiceGeeks network, vognetwork.com,
that's vognetwork.com.
Some other comments in chat.
MegamanX400, our pal Delvin, who was here about three weeks ago, says, come on, episode 750.
Woo, death drop.
You missed a fun episode, not being able to be here when Delvin was here.
It was a fun episode.
It was very sad.
I was also really sad that I was so sick the day before.
Oh, yeah.
After brunch.
Oh, yeah.
But we got to go.
At least you got to meet him.
We got to all go hang out and that was fun.
Yeah.
It was good times.
Anyway, let's get into our video game kickoff topic.
We actually have like a couple of smaller topics tonight.
Well, first, I really actually, even before the kickoff topic, the pre-kickoff topic,
the singing of the national anthem part.
Let's talk about the fact that we are episode 750.
I mean, it's kind of a landmark number.
There's not a lot of gaming podcasts that have gotten this high in number.
Or have gotten this high in general.
Well, here's the, if you want to get technical, if they're only weekly, I mean, we've been
running the longest since 2002, just about every week.
I would say we miss one out of every eight shows or so just because, you know, sickness,
holiday, whatever else comes up.
But as far as pretty regularly weekly, we're the longest running.
We know that.
But there are other shows that maybe are twice a week, three times a week, or shows
that will do like a bunch of shows during E3 or PAX, like if they load up on interviews.
So, you know, it kind of depends on how you're counting.
So I would say there's a handful of gaming shows that have probably hit around 750 just
because they might do the multiple show thing, whether it's that they're multiple times a
week or what have you.
But regardless, I mean, we've been doing this for 750 weeks off and on.
So, I mean, what do you guys think?
Like, how do things look now for gaming as opposed to when we first started?
Like, did you ever kind of think we'd be doing some of the stuff now with games?
Did you ever think you'd be playing something like the games you're playing today, like
a DDR machine in your garage, Loki, when we first started our show way back on episode
one?
I didn't know if I'd...
Yeah, sure.
I thought I would have one by then.
Let's see.
Dark Sakura, did you ever think your pinball collection would be so big?
Kind of, yeah.
Because I mean, keep in mind, it wasn't too long after we started the show that Dan started
collecting the pinball.
I appreciate this here.
Tabiri in chat says, you guys don't look a day over 500 episodes.
That is so true.
It really is.
Kind of taking a look down memory lane for a minute here, because I always think this
is kind of fun to see, like, well, what were we talking about back in the day?
And thankfully, we have a wiki that kind of like helps us out and we can go way back.
Now, unfortunately, like some episodes are so old that they haven't been like chronicled
in the wiki yet.
But if I went back to say, if I went back to the to-go era, I think we did do an episode
50 in the to-go era.
Okay, here we go.
So episode 50 of our to-go podcast was on December 12th of 2005, and it covered the
Xbox 360 Japanese launch.
Well, how do you how do you guys all think that went?
Space poncherific.
Well, well, you know what?
They tried.
They tried to Japan, probably more so than they did with the one, because they were trying
to, you know, team up with certain key players.
That fact that they had Mistwalker with Lost Odyssey and Blue Dragon was a thing, you know,
they kind of tried.
But I guess it just wasn't enough to really, you know, the Xbox 360 and Microsoft in general
just never really caught on in Japan.
I think it's like kind of more of a niche thing.
It still hasn't.
No, and it still hasn't.
You're right.
It really hasn't.
Let's see.
And yeah, Dartusuya says, those are the old shows.
I know many of the earlier episodes weren't archived.
I probably have MP3s of almost all of them.
I mean, there's there's some that are probably lost forever, but I have a good, good many
of them.
Let's see.
Going back to other nice big round numbers.
How about episode number 200 on September 17th of 2006?
We did Wii release date and price.
So that's when we finally heard the when the Wii was coming out.
Did you see that story this week, by the way, of the I guess they found a GameCube version
of the Wii controller.
Did you see that?
Like a prototype that so so when people were really developing for the Wii, it really was
a GameCube just duct taped to another GameCube in theory.
Let's see what else was on that episode.
DDR power previews.
I don't remember what that was.
And then we did like we did an extra long episode that night because 200 was a big deal.
Let's see.
Let's go back to 250.
I won't do every multiple 50.
We'll cut a wrap here.
Episode 250.
We not too big of a celebration.
The wiki notes.
But we hit the 250 episode mark.
Stories included Halo DS.
That was Halo DS was a thing.
Yeah, there was a fan like indie fan game.
I don't even remember that.
OK, it was an indie fan game.
OK, got it.
Well, actually, I don't know.
It may have been something they were considering of developing.
I remember I remember it vaguely, but like I don't remember if it was something like
Microsoft was thinking about publishing this on the DS because they didn't have a platform
that was portable or if it was like, well, I remember they did something.
Some of the Viva Pinata stuff ended up on DS.
So, yeah, so I think that may have been I remember there's like video of it and stuff.
I don't know.
Let's see.
And let's see.
Eight bit the movie and episode number 250 was also the debut of Dark Sakura's classic
game of the week.
Before that, we hadn't done that before.
You used to have other segments.
You had like what was it?
Website of the week.
And you had some advice column thing that you like.
Don't set yourself on fire.
I don't remember what it was.
It's like we should do an advice advice column again.
You want to bring that back?
Yeah, maybe I should do like a Dear Abby thing on our website.
It's called like Ask Dark Sakura.
There you go.
Now, that's good content to bring people to our website.
You should you should think about that.
Ask Dark Sakura some shit.
All right.
I love it.
Don't be an asshole.
Let's see.
Let's see.
I'll do one more hand in chat.
If you want me to do that.
I'll do one more.
Let's see.
Going.
Oh, you know, what's funny is it just if my screen froze for a minute on episode 285,
that was the Tommy Tallarico week.
That was when he came on.
I bring that up because we had the television news last week.
Forgot all about that.
Yeah.
Right.
And I sort of remember that.
But you don't remember when he came on the show.
I sort of remember that six hour long show.
You think the show is long usually that episode went all night.
That man can talk.
He can.
He's great.
He's just he loves what he does.
What can you say?
It's not a bad thing.
Bring him on again.
I will definitely send him an email as an invite, although it'll probably be better
to get a little closer to when, you know, the Amico has a little more show.
Sorry.
When the show's over, Amico be out.
Let's see.
My my screen is freezing up over here, but let me see if I get because I'm on this ancient
computer, which by the powers of Windows XP, I should say this, too.
We're not going to be able to use Skype on this machine after next week.
So tonight may be the last night you can use Skype to call into the show.
I don't know yet.
Or at least for a little bit.
We have to just take a break from Skype.
We have to see some other people for a little bit until we get the new computer and all
that set up for the new studio.
We'll see.
All right.
On the 500th episode of O.L.R., our Wiki says some features, some features of the original
Wii are going offline.
So episode 250 was the Wii is coming out.
Episode 500 was the Wii is going offline.
I don't know why that's so funny, but it is.
And then Tomb Raider got a Japanese language pack for $30.
So you could you could play the game in Japanese for a price.
And I think that was a pretty big controversy that was going on at the time.
And we did match game on episode 500.
We haven't played one of our little games in quite some time.
We used to be really known for those.
We just kind of.
I mean, without dark soccer being here regularly, we haven't really been able to do listless
as much.
And, you know, we used to do more of those games when our studio would really be full
of people, because in the early days of O.L.R., especially like those years that you and I
lived in that apartment, like I felt like we had like seven people on the show every
week.
It was nuts.
So, yeah.
So the games that Webcam with the one frame every ten seconds.
Yeah.
Now we're talking about moving back to Twitch.
Y'all, for a while, you used to go you used to go to our Web site or it's not really a
com.
And we had a Webcam picture that would refresh once every like 15 seconds.
Powers of the Internet.
I know.
Right.
And now it's like, well, we're going back to it.
What?
The stream is only 30 frames per second.
That's just terrible.
I love it.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into some kickoff topics for tonight.
Let's talk about Nintendo Labo in schools.
So Nintendo Labo is apparently going to be a part of some curriculums.
They're saying Labo is going to be integrated in 100 U.S. classrooms throughout the current
school year.
This according to a Nintendo announcement with the nonprofit Institute of Play.
Students in grades two through four are going to be able to build Labo projects focusing
on the basic concept of STEAM, communication, creativity, critical thinking and problem
solving.
You can apply to join the program.
If you happen to be a teacher, I know we actually have gamer teachers listen to the show.
You go to the Institute of Play's Web site and you can be a part of this program.
If you're selected, you get guidance from Nintendo and the Institute, a companion teacher
guide that has a whole curriculum in it and the whole other like I guess the actual guide
will be made available to free for anyone later in the year.
So that's kind of cool.
The Institute of Play does want to do a diverse group of schools around the U.S. urban, suburban,
rural areas and so forth.
So what do you guys think about Labo being used in the classroom?
You know, I remember when Nintendo first announced Labo, it was kind of like, it kind of got
some mixed reaction, I think, from the gamer fans.
But I think there were definitely those of us that looked at that and said, well, it's
not really meant to be a game.
This is Nintendo's way to kind of find another niche in the toy market.
This is kind of like the reverse of toys to games.
It's games to toys.
It's neat.
It's like it reminds me of like those Lego, the robotic sets that they have, you know,
where they do a lot of I've seen like different classes through, you know, could be schools
or could be just like the most random one I've seen is they have this place called Bounce
You, which is like one of those bounce house places that you go and jump on bounce houses
for like an hour.
But then they also do like this, like robotics camp or like night out thing where it's like
you can drop your kids off and they build robots for using the Lego Mindstorm stuff.
It's kind of like that, except it's Labo.
And I don't know.
I mean, granted, the software is pretty good, but I don't know how easy it is to create
these new things versus like putting bricks together.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So you've got a young kid, but like your kid is not quite at the age where they're doing
this type of like educational gaming in the classroom yet, right?
He plays.
He has his own.
Well, usually he would have his own Chromebook in the class.
Oh, wow.
So they do like something on that.
I don't know what he does exactly on that, but like they do like typing and they earn
credits doing things on there to play like educational games, I guess.
Like so long.
So they can like he tends to save all of his credits, like play an hour of games at a time.
OK, that's I guess that's good.
He's learning investment early on.
That's good.
That's a good thing.
So they have like Chromebooks and stuff in classes.
OK.
Because I just I remember, you know, back in my day when I was a kid, it was all about,
you know, when we were in what, like the fourth grade?
I think it wasn't until like the fourth grade.
I remember going to the computer lab to play the Oregon Trail and number munchers.
And I remember taking like a logo.
I remember taking a nighttime class.
It was about logo and that stuff was like an enrichment thing.
I remember my dad went with me to something like that was like a turtle.
Yeah.
Logo was the turtle.
It's like learning how to program.
And so that way you think about flow charts and design and things like that.
It's actually I don't think we ever got that far as more of like, OK, put these commands
in.
And what do you get?
You know, it's like, OK, I go to our chat over at live dot vog network dot com.
Let's see.
Guys, you don't chat says the only way Labo is a good idea is if they give it to the school
without making the teachers buy it.
Well, I would assume if Nintendo is in on this, it's not something you have to buy it.
I'm curious to see what it is like.
The idea doesn't sound terrible, but it's just.
I don't know, like if if it's just a software like some specific kits like, OK, here you
can make this thing out of it.
That's fine.
That's kind of you can be creative and stuff with.
But at the same time, like I think like it would be more intuitive, like for like Arduino
or something like that, like, for example, someone we know, Mr. Punk Knight, you know,
he is a teacher in middle school and he teaches computer science and stuff.
And so he actually does like Arduino and robotics and 3D printing stuff in his class.
Wow.
You know, like that, if that was in like an elective when I was back in junior high, I
would have taken that shit.
I took the best I could do was American Technologies, which was like an engineering class and mechanical
drawing, which, you know, is like drafting.
So we didn't have any sort of my elective, like all throughout high school was banned,
which I mean, I don't regret.
Yeah.
You're a fellow band geek to Bobby Blackwell's, a fellow band geek, like, you know, us band
geeks turned out OK.
And I think still kind of have a lot of a lot of overlap with gaming and all that stuff.
Remember, it ain't a party until the contract contract to a clarinet player shows up.
Well, I mean, there's a reason that there was that running joke in that movie American
Pie where at this one time at band camp, because it's all true, you know, nerds were freaks.
We didn't have like a camp that you went to like that.
We had a swamp in the backfield at school that we would just march in.
Oh, we had band camp.
But it wasn't like it wasn't like you went away for three days.
It was band camp.
Well, my quote fingers was that three days, like a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday before
the school semester started, you only three days.
I think it was only three days or two weeks.
Wow.
That's well, we did the three days and then we also did like one night a week through
the rest of the year, like an extra like field practices.
That's how we learned the field shows, basically, you know, which the field show and band is
when they do all those little patterns out on the football field.
You guys have all seen that before.
Yeah, no, we did.
We did two weeks.
There was like marching fundamentals and then we would learn the show and memorize a lot
of our music, which I mean, it's well, this show did start as a music gaming show.
And I think like music games in some ways, I don't want to say it was really like the
gateway that got me into games because I was playing games before music games like still
waiting for sex maniacs.
Music games really made me love video games in a whole nother way.
I don't know if that makes sense.
Kind of made me finally make sitar hero and actually there wasn't like a real game.
It was a flash game on the love guru website for that terrible movie.
I know, but it was still funny.
Yeah, sitar hero.
Exactly.
How long do we joke about it?
So, I mean, what would you guys like to what do you guys think gaming could do?
And I open this up to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
It doesn't just have to be Labo, but what types of games do you think could help people
learn?
What do you think are some good like learning types of games that kids could be playing?
You know, when I was in junior high school, we used to just kind of on our lunch, we used
to play, um, scorched earth.
I was thinking the same thing.
Yes.
Right.
Do you remember that scorcher?
And that's when you would learn about angles and velocity.
So everybody's played a game like scorched earth.
I'm sure like years ago there was another, it was a tank wars was the other big one that
used to, which is basically all of these games, worms, like, right.
Worms is kind of like, but worms now you could like move the worms and you wouldn't really
do that.
And scorched earth.
I guess that's right.
You get like little developments for the tanks and you can move them.
Right.
So anyway, those like scorched earth was all about being able to like shoot the nuke over
the hill and you got to get the right velocity and angle.
And it was actually kind of fun.
Like, I don't know.
Like, I feel like we learned a lot playing that game, but like our science teacher used
to love to let us come in and use the computers to play scorched earth on lunch.
He thought it was hilarious.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know what they could play.
I mean, I know that Minecraft has its own, like they have a whole programming thing that
you can do with Minecraft as well, cause they're all redstone stuff.
So they actually have like a coding Minecraft thing.
I mean, I don't know.
I think like there could be other tools that they could make that be able to do like something
I don't really know what we're trying to teach our children is what I'm thinking.
You know, a lot of it's just like, depends on the age.
Like right now, you know, it's more of like typing skills, you know, maybe like a second
language.
Do they teach your kids how to write as much as they teach them how to type?
They teach them how to write more than typing.
Typing's more of like, here, here's your login to this, you know, typing site.
Cause I would swear that cursive is going to become a lost art.
I would like being able to write cursive, like that seems like the type of thing that
like in like 30 years, I don't know.
Maybe I'm, maybe I'm just being crazy, but like, is it just me, but it seemed like cursive
is one of those things.
How often do you write in cursive?
When I sign my name.
Yeah.
When I sign my name, that's it.
When I sign my name, I write in cursive.
Do you ever write in cursive, Darksira?
All the time actually.
Of course she does.
Of course.
Of course she does.
It's always Jamie when there's something.
I was writing cursive before it was popular.
She used her hammer and chisel to do it.
Well, no, but I'm also going back and trying to learn proper calligraphy because I mean,
to me it's, it is kind of an art form.
I could see it as like an art.
If you have an artistic interest in absolutely like cursive and calligraphy.
I'm not trying to like slam cursive, but I'm just saying like in the real world, how often
do you use cursive outside of signing your name?
Because now it's typing.
You got to know how to type.
You have to know how to type.
Well, when I, when I hand take notes, it's actually kind of funny because sometimes I
will switch in between using cursive and script in the middle of my notes or writing
letters or I'll combine the letters cause they're easier to hand write in cursive than
they are in print, especially after, you know, having three hand surgeries.
Although I also will sometimes find that I've started writing my notes backwards.
I mean complete backwards mirror image cause I can do that and it happens sometimes.
Okay.
Hey word.
Bob coffee and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says educational games should also teach critical
thinking because a lot of today's kids are fucking morons.
Well, that seems to be a very broad stroke, but yes, they do need to teach critical thinking.
I mean, I was just thinking the other day about like, are we teaching our kids in schools
how to spot fake shit on social media and how to like, like, like seriously, like I
don't mean to get all like political, but like I would think in this day and age you
want to teach people at a young age how to spot fake shit online because there's a lot
of it.
I think that they should go back instead of making like debate part of, you know, like
an extracurricular thing or making it part of like a particular class.
They should teach rhetoric.
Now, the communication class that I was in was like a group debate class in college,
but he, my, my, uh, my professors actually had his masters in rhetoric and part of what
rhetoric teaches is how to decide what is a fallacious argument.
You know, how to point out when you're heading into a fallacy like slippery slope argument,
straw man arguments, you know, let me, let me steer us back on course a little bit because
even though this is a good conversation, it is games.
Something that should be taught.
Is there a way we could use games to do that?
There could be games for that.
There could be, you know, spot the fallacy.
I mean, I would play a game like that because I do that all the time anyway on Facebook.
You do it for free.
I do it for free.
Why not make a game out of it?
That's like a high score for pointing out idiocy.
I remember playing a game on my Commodore 64 that was about running for president and
the things you had to do in different states to get electoral votes.
And it taught you like by playing this game, it taught you about like how the electoral
college worked and all that.
And look, I know that's a controversial thing, but it's the, it's the way it is.
So you should learn about it.
You should learn how your government works, whether you agree with it or not, right?
So like this game on the Commodore, like taught me about all that.
And I think, you know, those, those are the types of things that I think are really cool
when a game sort of helps you, like a video game helps you learn some of these more like
complex things like, like in history and all that, um, especially, uh, where in the world
is Carmen Sandiego?
Well, especially the further down the road you went with those games was great.
Yeah.
Where in time you started to really learn historical things.
Same thing with, um, where in, uh, I think there was where in the USA, where in the world
and there was another one, I don't remember what it was like.
I felt like the more they went, the more, I guess it was, there was more you would actually
learn about like history and the earth, but now it's kind of hard to go back and play
this because I actually tried like to pick up, you know, where in the world and it was
because our geography has changed so much and you know, some of those countries don't
even exist anymore.
It's something that you absolutely update and keep that series fresh.
Our chat rooms lighting up with some great comments.
I can't read these all, but you guys are having a good discussion in there.
Thank you.
And looking at chat at live.vognetwork.com Bobby Blackwell started off mentioning the
Assassin's Creed origins had the educational version where you'd learn about Egyptian mythology.
That was kind of a recent thing and I thought that was, Oh yeah, that was kind of like a
neat little side thing you could do.
I did actually bring this up when Assassin's Creed two was out that my art history teacher
used screenshots from Assassin's Creed two to talk about Renaissance Italy because it
actually had a very, as she put it, a very accurate layout of what, uh, you know, the
Vatican was supposed to be like then or however it was and where all these buildings were
laid out.
Right.
Yeah.
I would imagine Assassin's Creed has a lot of value in teaching art history, you know,
because when the designers make this game, they immerse themselves in it.
They have to teach themselves about all of this.
So I just remember reading about how, um, for whatever this last one that came out was
where they were actually having to go in and study like Spartan and Greek, uh, Odyssey
the Greek Odyssey is the Greek one, the, um, lifestyles so that they could accurately do
costumes.
Now, some of them they had to tweak, you know, to make them work, but where they were going
in and trying to make them as historically accurate as they could possibly be.
And they were consulting with historians.
And I think that we need more of that.
I want to read one more comment in chat because I think this is important and then we'll go
on to another kickoff topic we have, cause this was supposed to be a short one, but it's
a good discussion.
Uh, SG100 Matt says, my girlfriend is a school teacher and her feeling is that it's hard
to make a game for kids that will get them engaged in it.
Part of the reason is that kids are smart and know when they're trying to be catered
to.
Games that are overly educational seem lame to a lot of kids.
It's all about hitting those things that kids like about games and helping them to retain
the knowledge they learn from a game.
How I, and that brings up a good point.
How do you make educational games not lame?
What was it about things like number munchers and Oregon Trail from our era?
What made those games cool to play that didn't feel lame?
I'll say this.
I think in Oregon Trail, what made that game like not lame was that you had that whole
little side thing.
Well, not only cause your friends die of dysentery, that was huge, right?
You would put in like your friends and your frenemies.
So like you put in like dark Sakura and then like somewhere along the line, like dark Sakura,
you know, and you try to Ford the river and dark Sakura drowns and you laugh cause your
friend drowned.
Even though it's kind of morbid.
Sorry, dark Sakura.
But she's done it to me, I'm sure.
So anyway, but there's also those sequences where like you would go hunting for the Buffalo.
And so that was like the arcade part of the games.
It was like they made a little like, like arcade ish, which, you know, not that the
shooting game was that complicated, but it was reminiscent of Atari.
Number munchers was kind of like that number of munchers really felt like you were playing
an arcade game.
Yeah.
It was like the arcade and back then, yeah, the quality was like, this is basically just
a game, but you know, it's education based type.
And so maybe, you know, kind of piggybacking on what dark Sakura said a minute ago about,
you know, the assassin's creed and all that.
And somebody in chat brought up the fact that there's actually historical notes that you
can look at as you're playing assassin's creed.
Maybe that's one way to do it is to kind of put a little more education in the games that
we already enjoy.
I don't know.
I, I really want to see more things like that happen.
And on top of that too, now, and there's people who are going to argue against this, but I'd
like to see a lot more social commentary in games as in, you know, illustrate what terrible
things happened in the past, you know, basic game around, you know, tragic events, you
know, not necessarily to make light of those events, but to bring light to those events.
Because, I mean, you've got a lot of people who are now trying to deny certain things
in history happened and doing revisionist history, when the phrase still stands, those
who forget history are doomed to repeat it.
Hello world right now.
You know, I think that we really should have a lot more historical commentary in light
of what goes on today.
You know what?
That's one thing I always really liked about Gamer X, you know, the years that that was
around.
It wasn't just necessarily like LGBTQ plus type games, but I felt like there were a lot
of games that had something to say with social commentary with them.
I feel like that era, like when we were attending, you know, that show, we saw a lot of games
that were coming out that were not just, you know, games from a perspective, like the,
the fragments of him or something, which allows you to experience, you know, a story, you
know, from a different perspective that might not be yours.
But I remember playing this game that was like a puzzle game and it was about trying
to arrange three people sleeping on a bed because it was kind of a social commentary.
And I'm not saying it's a social, you have to agree with it or you don't agree with it.
It's a reflection of a social commentary on triad relationships.
You know, whether you get it or not, this is some people's lives, right?
Absolutely.
Um, you know, and things like, and I know, I know this game carries a lot of other weight
out there, but if you look at the game isolated by itself, a game like Depression Quest, why
did that game have the social impact that it did?
And ultimately this whole other, whoo, they came up as a result, right?
But I mean, if you go back to just the game itself, which was a text adventure game, it
was a social commentary on this thing that not everybody is necessarily experienced.
And it was a way for you to kind of like put yourself in the shoes.
And I think a lot of our problems in the world would be solved if we could just walk in somebody
else's shoes for a little bit.
Not all of them.
Basic empathy is something that a lot of people lack and it's not encouraged for people to
have on top of that.
If we had a little bit more focus on being able to relate and being empathetic to other
people, I'm positive we wouldn't have, well, actually I'm even going to go another layer
beyond that.
If history were accurately taught, you know, I was lucky enough that I had teachers who
would say, okay, this in your history book, it's wrong, here's what happened.
If you had more people who were willing to step away from a curriculum and actually teach
real things, yes, this is what really happened.
Yeah, your book says this, but really these people came in and killed all these people
or this happened.
It wasn't just, you know, friendly handshake and everyone was, you know, suddenly pals,
you know.
I think that those things need to be taught younger and younger and then teach about,
you know, where empathy comes in, the good that comes from being a compassionate human
being so that it can hopefully, well, and on top of that to teach proper sexual education
so that we don't have a bunch of asshole rapists who don't know where babies come from.
You know, it's, it's just this cult of stupidity that people are fostering.
And I honestly think that our video games could play such a role in combating that.
Really make them, make them fun, but put the lesson in.
If you've got to be sneaky about it, fucking be sneaky, but put it in there.
All right.
A good note to end on with that topic, but we can probably spend three hours talking
about this topic alone, but great discussion and thanks everybody in our chat.
I have another kickoff topic before we get to our gaming week because there's two things
I wanted to bring.
I thought that would be a short one.
I didn't think we'd have a lot to say, but who knew?
I want to also talk about TwitchCon because TwitchCon happened this past weekend.
I'm really heartbroken I couldn't go because it was just two hours away, but there was
so much going on this weekend that was just, it was quite frankly, with all due respect,
more important than TwitchCon.
For example, yesterday was Captain Spike from gameboo.org got married.
So congratulations and all that to him and his new husband and wish them all the best.
But also I hosted Rocky Horror last night, which is why my voice is a little bit eh today,
because there was all that going on.
So unfortunately I couldn't get to TwitchCon just because I had these other things going
on, but I was certainly watching from home and I was looking at all the pictures and
experiencing big time missing out syndrome, but it happens.
But then I also was listening about some of the announcements.
And I know as somebody who has done some streaming on Twitch and hopes to do more with this show
on Twitch in the future, I was very curious what they had to say with some of the announcements.
One of the biggest announcements they made at the Twitch keynote was that there will
be a squad stream feature.
In a nutshell, it's Mixer's co-stream feature finally making its way over to Twitch.
The Minute Mixer unleashed that.
We were kind of wondering how long before Twitch does something like that.
Here we are.
So you'll be able to stream with up to four people in a single view, which when you go
to any of the channels, you will see basically the quad view.
The chat is all linked, which I think is pretty cool.
Oh no, I'm sorry.
Chat is linked to whatever channel is your main view.
So you can kind of go to, you know, camera one, camera two, whatever you want to do.
Select streamers.
They say, well, we get to test this out later this year.
They're doing changes to the highlight editor.
So you could do like multiple moments in one highlight as opposed to just like everything
having to happen all in a row.
It just sounds like you kind of like string your clips together.
It just kind of sounds like an improvement there.
This sounds really exciting for discoverability for those of us that are a little more up
and coming.
The Twitch homepage plans to feature new partners and affiliates, streamers local to the viewer,
which is kind of interesting, up and coming streamers, which again was something Mixer
did that I always kind of liked.
Understanding how this competition is now kind of causing some developments.
That's kind of cool.
And then they're also talking about VIP badges is going to be something new so you can actually
make somebody a VIP member of your community.
So like if somebody maybe doesn't have the dollars to be able to subscribe, you can make
them, depending on how much you stream, you can make so many VIP members and they get
a special acknowledgement.
They get a special badge just for being there.
It's like a, you know, a VIP, somebody that is always there and supporting you.
And I know there's a few people I would definitely like want to give this to.
Some good moderator tools.
This is more for the big channels that are consistently having to timeout, kick, ban
people.
This will allow them to keep that.
Like it's basically like we can keep notes.
So like, you know, let's say, you know, we can make a note on Bobby Black Wolf's file
that like he was starting an argument about Chrono Trigger versus Super Metroid.
And I had to give him a timeout for five minutes.
I can make a note in the file there.
So that way, like going in your permanent record, I'm putting this in your record,
Bobby.
And then that way, if somebody saw that later on, like, oh, he's doing it again.
That's strike two, you know, or whatever we could, we could make notes on that.
So I don't even have IRC open at the moment as I'm reading.
I don't even want to see what Bobby's screaming in chat in response to that.
Let's see.
Uh, also for subscribers, you get to see exactly how long, uh, without it necessarily being
consecutive months.
And then I think the other big thing is with extensions, they're partnering with Snapchat
and the snap camera.
So you can do Snapchat filters on your Twitch stream, which sounds a little silly.
Like I have no need for those types of things, but I guess if maybe you're more of a social
ask me anything fun channel or whatever, then maybe you have a little more use for these.
But I think it's a little bit silly myself, but Loki, would you use some Snapchat filters
as you play DDR?
I don't think that would work well.
Make yourself a little puppy dog face as you're dancing.
I think that would be all sorts of broken, but yeah, sure.
One last thing, uh, the bounty board is going to be expanding.
So certain affiliates and partners get to use the bounty board to earn more money.
And I think this really, it really sounds like game companies that are willing to give
you like a copy of the game and even maybe some kit back, some ad dollars basically for
playing the game, not being negative on it.
Like the, the little screenshot example that they show says Assassin's Creed Odyssey brought
to you by Ubisoft game key included with bounty activation.
And then basically, uh, you have to stream it for an hour straight with an average of
a certain amount of viewers.
If you don't hit the average, you get a proportional percentage of the payout.
So that's kind of interesting.
It says no needless bad mouthing of the content.
Be sure to engage with the content in your community.
And then you have a bounties widget and you have to turn on the past broadcasts and so
on and so on.
So like they're not telling you what to say, but they, you know, it makes sense if the
company's going to be sponsoring you, you can't just sit there and bag on what a terrible
game and necessarily, yeah, it has to be criticism with purpose basically, but I would think
if you're doing one of these, you do have a responsibility to disclose, Hey guys, uh,
we're checking out a bounty provided to us by Assassin's Creed and Ubisoft today.
So I wanted to check this game out with y'all.
Let's take a look.
You know, you want to disclose, it's an ad basically hashtag ad, right?
I do it.
Yeah.
I think that sounds kind of exciting.
It'll be, it'll be interesting to see, um, uh, what levels they kind of let people participate
that with.
So, um, Bobby Black Wolf in chat is actually mentioning on a serious note.
I mean, he's, he's poking fun at the chrono trigger thing, but on a serious note says
I had total FOMO fear of missing out on not going to TwitchCon.
When do we squad stream Forza Horizon 4, uh, day one that it's out.
The only problem is you're going to be competing with Delvin and I streaming Mario Kart 8.
So that's going to be a big week.
Yeah.
That'd be five.
I'm just gonna make it a point to stream.
Nothing new.
Well, there's nothing wrong with playing retro titles.
It's old.
Why not?
I want like, not like old, old.
I want like PS one era.
Go for it.
I think there's people that will watch it.
I have been thinking about switching up to fourth plus on my machine and I was like,
you know, once I do that, I've got invite Rob over.
Yeah.
Heck yeah.
Heck yeah.
I want to play some fourth plus.
Yeah.
We need to do it.
We may.
We need to do like an OLR midweek stream.
I want to do like, I'm so disappointed.
Like, cause I always have to carry the brunt of the kids, but next week they're doing the
whole extra life stuff on Saturday.
So I was like, man, it'd be awesome to be able to just like play DDR all day and stream
it.
But that's a lot of DDR.
Well, I wouldn't be doing like doubles non-stops constantly.
I mean, that's the thing.
Yeah.
Well, um, let's figure that out.
I mean, this week might be a little crazy cause of Halloween, but maybe in two weeks,
why don't I come over and we'll do, um, like a strong, I'll come guest on your stream or
something.
Sure.
And you get me a fourth mix plus.
Oh, I have, I have the image in the seat, the drive, I just have to install it.
All right.
We'll make that happen.
So anyway, exciting things happening with Twitch.
Thanks to TwitchCon and hope everybody that went had a great time.
I know Jason who does all the voiceovers here.
If you noticed tonight, tonight's voiceover was very good, but he, you'll notice he kind
of didn't address the news.
He just said, hooray, they made it cause he did that in advance cause he's at TwitchCon.
So he knew he'd be there this weekend.
So he kind of gave us something we could use tonight.
It's a little, little more generic and not targeted at the news this week since he wouldn't
know what was going to come up in the news.
So, uh, I know Jason's there and having a good time.
So maybe we'll hear from him a little more about what it was like on the ground.
And I know some streamers that I, I watch, um, and interact with went, so, um, hopefully
we'll get to go next year.
Uh, just wasn't in the cards this year.
I really, please don't pick Halloween weekend next year.
You guys, please don't pick Halloween weekend.
And it's, you know what else is terrible about Halloween weekend?
Next week is BlizzCon.
And then the week after that, or two weeks after that is Final Fantasy Fan Fest, which
I'm, which I realize not as many people are into, but I am.
So it's like, Oh, back to back to back stuff.
So crazy.
Crazy.
Anyway.
Uh, let's get into our gaming weeks.
Let's talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week, dark
soccer.
How was your gaming month?
Um, I've been playing a lot of Pokemon go.
Um, I'm still playing idle pouring.
I've gotten back into playing a lot of bejeweled because this is going to sound stupid, but
it really helps me relax right before bed.
Um, and I'm also, um, I've got my wow subscription, but I haven't played in a while, which I really
should now that people I know are playing and I kind of want to move my demon hunter
over to proud more.
I just need, you know, a guild to be in.
I'm proud more.
Um, other than the one I have, I need a, I need an Alliance Guild.
Talk to Delvin cause he's the one that hooked me up.
Yeah.
We also, you know, there's also communities, there's not just guild, but communities.
Yeah.
But I want to be in a guild.
But well I know, but also I was thinking anyway, just set up a community and somebody had the
brilliant idea.
I think that was me.
Was it you?
That conversation.
Yes.
You said call it death cake.
After the, our old final fantasy 11 guild that we all used to play in.
So other than that, I wanted to call it link shell.
Yeah.
I like that.
That would have been funny.
That's good.
Um, but I've been playing a lot of, um, uh, theater of magic because I fucking love theater
of magic and um, we may be selling a couple of our tables.
Local people hit us up.
Um, and then I'm consider, I'm trying to consider what I want to stream from PS one or Saturn
era and I'm leaning towards symphony of the night for Saturn.
For Maria, do the Maria stuff cause I've never really seen that.
I'd be into that.
Maria.
Maria can steamroll through the game cause all she needs, well actually one of her spells
is super hard to control and that's the Sadie one.
Okay.
So you know in Rondo how she has her little animal friend attacks Rob.
Yeah.
Okay.
So well in, in symphony, um, she has like, they all are like magic attacks and she can
summon like a big dragon that you can control over the screen.
It is insane.
Yeah.
Or like, you know, a firebird instead of her little sparrows, it's, it's pretty intense.
Except, you know, it's just not, not as pretty honestly enough as the PlayStation one, which
is really stupid given that Saturn had a better 2d processor.
Um, but I'm still trying to decide.
I'm also kind of thinking of getting out, you know, a translation guide and played through
blue seed RPG.
I don't know.
So.
All right.
We'll see.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, my week was mainly just, uh, well a lot of dance has revolution.
So I was streaming most of this week, um, after work doing my, like I ended up being
in about like 45 minutes to 50 minutes a day.
So I catch that twitch.tv slash logy O R and then, um, beyond that, uh, Pokemon go and
then playing a bit of that.
And then also, um, a little bit of redhead redemption too, which is an excellent game.
Um, so I've been hopefully going to get into more of that.
Um, it was funny that I actually realized that like when I was downloading that, making
sure, well, of course I had enough hardware space cause I have a pro with a one terabyte
on there and only had 500.
I have a pro too.
And it's already full.
So yeah, well I haven't, I haven't been downloading a ton of stuff lately, but I noticed that
a lot of my VR stuff on there, I was like, Oh crap, I should read, don't download this
crap.
So I did that.
And then, um, I meant to play some PlayStation VR as well, but I didn't get around to that.
Unfortunately.
Uh, yeah, lots of, lots of stuff I need to get around to, but I just haven't bothered
yet.
And on the DER side, of course, it sounds like I'm going to be putting fourth mix plus
on my machine now.
Uh, which is fine cause I've been like kinda getting, it's a little stale with extreme
all the time.
Um, be nice to go back and play some of the older stuff.
I do miss not having my 1.5 speed and I have to remember now with the vivid, um, or no
vivid was, what was it?
The solo air.
I don't even know what I had to, I had to came up after was third mix.
Right.
I remember that vivid was a third mix, but I'm trying to think of like what mods I used
to put on there when I was playing, um, normally.
And I remember, I remember at the pocket station do custom nonstop.
So I'm actually, I don't have a memory card slot in my machine, uh, which is unfortunate.
And I had the opportunity to purchase one for like 150 bucks.
I passed up on that.
Now the only cheapest one I could find out $350, which I'm not buying, especially since
I'm planning on switching my machine over to a step mania machine at some point.
So I've actually been starting the prep work for that and the software side, picking out
what I want and theme wise and everything.
So that'll be coming some point soon, hopefully.
And then, um, yeah, more red dead.
I want to stream actual red dead and stuff and find a place to do like, you know, console
and PC streaming in my garage, but I don't have a lot of room in there and it's kind
of full of garbage right now and I need to like, you could get rid of the garbage.
You know, you think that would be easy, but a lot of it is like a lot of it is my stuff.
You know, like our garages, like houses disaster, like all my rock band stuff just sitting on
the side.
Did you play rock band?
Yeah.
But, um, I, yeah, it's, I have my 3d printing stuff out of the way and probably have some
room there.
Plus, there's no heat in the winter, so that'll be not as great, but better than the summer.
I'll take cold, liver, hot.
Yeah.
You know, as where, where layers, all right.
My gaming week, honestly, um, because again, I haven't been buying a lot of new games lately,
uh, just because, uh, I've been trying to watch the finances, uh, just because of some
personal stuff.
Um, but, uh, I would say I've been playing more world, world of Warcraft, uh, which I
never thought I would like be playing it this much, but, uh, I've just kind of been into
it and I finally kind of hit a point where I was kind of, I got my brew master monk up
to about level 60 and then I was like, I want to, I need to get back to trying to do
the end game stuff.
So I finally used my boost on a warlock.
And so I started playing warlock just the other night and, uh, I'm, I'm loving how fast
things melt.
Like I forgot how much easier it is to quest as DPS as it is a tank or a healer.
Uh, so that's, that's been really great and I'm liking warlock so far.
So, uh, I hit level 111 earlier this weekend, so I'm making my way up slowly to 120, which
I'll hopefully hit, uh, before too long.
So that would be very nice.
Um, otherwise, uh, I'm also still playing Pokemon go.
I just got my little reward, the spirit tomb.
I just got that from the, uh, the quest that they gave you for Halloween.
So I just got that today cause I finally, you know how you have to do 108 Pokemon with
berries, right?
Well, if you weren't already aware, did you already finish it?
Because guess what?
After you do that, you get to do 108 more.
I did that.
Oh good.
Oh, so you got your spirit too.
My poofy weird looking thing.
Nice.
You know, what's funny is I have that, but I still am stuck on that quest that is visit
eight pokey stops you haven't visited before.
Did that finish it today?
Oh nice.
Because I guess what?
I got seven yesterday at the wedding and I need one more.
I got, I got one in, um, uh, on flooring.
I got six in, um, old town, Elk Grove.
Oh yeah.
There's a bunch of stuff down there.
I never went down there before.
And then I got the last one downtown around the corner from the LGBT center.
Yeah.
There's a button.
I mean, obviously there's a bunch of stuff downtown.
I can find one easy.
It's just a matter of like being, you know, honestly, I don't think I've been over to
like the park in Rancho, the big park in Rancho Cordova.
I don't think I've spun the stops over there since the game started tracking it.
So you know what?
I can probably just go over there.
It's not a big deal.
It's just taking the effort when, what do you have to, I'm sorry, you have to spend
new stops.
You have to do, well, the weird thing is you get the spirit tomb from when you catch the
108 Pokemon, but part of the quest chain is still, you have another quest where you
have to spin eight pokestops you haven't spun before.
Oh, see that would have been nice when I just went to Santa Clara where it was all new stuff
anyway.
I mean, there's still places I haven't been.
Yeah.
Well, and I'm, I'm going to Vegas in a couple of weeks and I'll get a billion pokestops
I haven't got before there, but that, but then that quest will be kind of gone.
I'm sure I'll get one more stop.
I haven't been to yet at some point.
I'm sure that's inevitable.
I still need the trade of Pokemon for one of the ones I have now because I'm on the
six or whatever.
I can trade you a garbage Pokemon if that's all you need.
Well, I think I need the trade like, yeah, yeah, we can, yeah, whatever.
Just trade, catch something on the house and trade it to me.
It's easy.
Oh, I've got plenty of stuff.
There you go.
There you go.
I had a dust skull that, well, I think I threw it away.
I had a shiny dust skull, but I gave you unknown from dragon con, right?
No.
Okay, done.
I'll give you an unknown from dragon con.
All right.
Woo.
I have so many of those.
I have so many of them in my inventory.
All right.
Anyway.
It's like another.
Well, yeah, I was like, I gave you one.
You gave me the D.
Okay.
Yes, right.
I gave you the D. It's the only time in my life I've ever given Jamie the D.
It's the only time in my life I've ever wanted the D. Also, it was kind of cute.
Oh, thank you.
She thought his D was cute.
We are talking about unknowns that were caught at dragon con.
Thank you very much.
Anyway, uh, I guess that's it for my gaming week.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Some announcements real quick, actually, before we do news.
We will not be here on November 18th.
So that is a few weeks away.
That is right before Thanksgiving.
Uh, I will be at the final fantasy fan fest in Vegas, and that is the day we're coming
back.
So I won't get back in time for the show, sadly.
So, uh, no show that week.
Okay.
Um, let's get into some gaming news, Loki.
So this is kind of funny that I just read that they're doing this because I thought
it already was on PC.
In fact, I almost bought the game pass, um, when I got Forza.
Um, but apparently this is a new thing.
So Microsoft is considering, or they're, they're intending on expanding the Xbox game pass
program to PC as well.
Apparently they said that with the increased growth of gaming, um, rising or the revenue
rising 44% that they are, um, and their service earnings increased by 36%.
This is coming out of their, uh, financial year 2019 quarter one earnings report, um,
that they're going to, um, this, I guess this rise in, um, earnings led them to discuss,
Hey, maybe we should ask, should we expand this, you know, cross-platform like we are
doing with their other games?
Um, and so with that, you know, they said that it would fall under the titles.
That would be the Xbox play anywhere label.
And so with that, you would get, you know, like fours of the horizon, three, four gears
of war for, um, so that's going to be included with the $10 monthly subscription.
So yeah, I'm surprised, like, I swear, I thought that was already a thing that they had game
pass that it would apply.
Basically there would be any of the game anywhere titles because you're getting access to this
library on the Xbox.
And so just because you have it on PC, you can get access to those.
Um, I'm not sure windows 10 was set up necessarily to support that, but I imagine the recent
updates they've been doing, but I can purchase it through the windows 10 store though.
Right.
That's where it like, cause I even when I was going with game pass, we're using game
pass.
No, I wasn't like at the point I was like, I was planning on purchasing Forza and it's
like, do you want to purchase Forza or you can get it free with game pass and like this
is on the windows 10 store.
Oh, interesting.
So that's why I thought this was already a thing.
I was like, Oh, well they already have it.
It's just, it's not that great on PC because it's only the play anywhere titles.
Like I can't go play red dead redemption all of a sudden on PC.
Well, I imagine it will be expanding significantly too.
I think Microsoft's really kind of shifted focus a little bit down.
I mean that's, that's not bad, but, um, yeah, I guess we'll have to wait and see when that
that comes out.
Uh, yeah, the more and more like game pass keeps expanding and stuff.
I gotta say I'm really tempted with it.
I really, really, as if I don't have enough of a backlog, like, but game pass got a lot
of good stuff.
Um, so yeah, that's the thing.
Like if they have a lot of like first party tiles, it'd be nice to go back and play some
of the stuff I haven't played.
But honestly, on PC it's mainly like Forza, it's like Forza, Forza, Forza, Forza and
Gears of War.
And I guess, you know, when the Halo stuff comes out, you know, that might be a little
worth it too.
But yeah.
All right.
Well, uh, moving on to another story about Pokemon go clones.
I don't know if you've tried some of the various Pokemon go clones out there.
I have not.
My sister plays the Jurassic Park one all the time.
I was going to say some of them are pretty good.
I hear the Jurassic Park one's pretty well received the, uh, walking, walking dead, which
I haven't played yet, but I hear there's people into that one too, uh, that that one is pretty
fun as well.
And then there's some pretty crappy ones too.
Like Garfield go is, is like, LOL stupid, really dog shit.
Yeah.
Well, I dare you to talk bad about this Pokemon go clone because you might go to hell for
making fun of this one.
It is JC go.
It was designed by a Catholic evangelical group.
They don't say Pope Francis as apparently blessed JC go.
I'll let you guess what JC stands for.
Uh, apparently, uh, this was a game that was made in preparation for world youth day 2019.
That is a Catholic youth event that will be happening in Panama up in January.
Um, obviously you would not be throwing little balls at saints and Catholics and stuff to
capture them, uh, to enslave them in the ball to do your bidding.
So it's a little bit different.
So what happens is that they join your evangelization team.
If you can answer questions about the Bible, that's right.
It's a Bible quiz game.
So talk about edutainment games.
I remember the years.
People don't know this, but I went to church for several years and I used to be pretty
good at them.
Bible quizzes.
I used to be able to recite the books.
You know what?
What?
I did Bible drill.
Did you, what's Bible drill where like you have to memorize whole passages and Oh wow.
Find anything in the Bible and you know, be able to do, you know, they give you one book
you have to see what's before and what's after and it was stupid.
I gotta be honest, like, but I won like third place in one.
Like anytime I hear about these, like, you know, and maybe just because I'm not religious,
but like it just seems so forced.
You mean, and it's always like a knockoff of something.
It's like, I don't have a problem with you creating like edutainment.
That's you know, original.
That's you know, religious based, but like stop knocking shit off.
Like I remember when I was dating someone that was going to tell that to the Pope.
Stop knocking shit off.
Yes.
I am going to tell them to tell them, it's like, dude, fucking come up with your own
original shit.
You know what?
Seriously.
Um, no, I, I used to like date someone that was like really, really just stop touching
little boys.
And, and I remember going to her church group and they would like, they would quote unquote
jam and shit.
And they would just like come up with like these religious lyrics to fucking just like
normal songs.
Like, you know, like they were being alternate.
Yeah.
Basically like the, you know, they were doing alternative lyrics to, you know, um, my name
is, you know, like, you know, they were, you know, my name is Jesus.
Yeah, I know.
I don't.
Yeah.
It's just like, I'm like, it's so cringy.
It's just cringy.
Awful.
It makes me think of that comment that was said earlier about the edutainment games that
there's a lot of kids that kind of see right through it.
You know?
Just don't like, I get it.
It's popular, but you know what?
Come up with something original and not just like fucking knock it off.
Like come up with something that is unique.
So you, what you would like, what, what if, what if they were to rip off like street fighter?
What if there was like, you know, seen that though, I really, they had a Jesus game that
is street fighter like types of, it's all these different religious deities.
The Pope didn't like that one.
And Santa Claus is in there too, because of course, but it is all these religious deities
fighting each other.
So they do have that already, but I mean, that's not supposed to be taken seriously
at all.
It's just, it's silly, but.
And I don't think the Pope is a fan of that one.
I just, I'm sorry, just, it seems very, out of all the religions that I've had contact
with in, in my lifetime, I feel that like Christianity, and maybe it's not Christianity,
I'm just bundling all of like those religions as Christianity.
So I'm not going to like Lutheran.
I fucking don't know Catholic, it's all fucking Christianity to me.
Dominations thereof.
Yes, whatever.
I am ignorant.
That is it.
I am ignorant.
Can someone just clip that?
I am ignorant.
Can someone just clip that?
I am ignorant to your religions.
Can I play that on a future show?
Out of all of the religions that I have had exposure to, Christianity is the only one
that's trying to like actively recruit you into, it's like trying to fucking save you
and it's irritating as shit to me.
Like get it, you're happy with your religion, cool.
It's funny.
You know, it's funny.
And I don't want to get into the religion debate too far, we've already gone far enough.
Not all religions do that.
I know, I know of at least one that you have to ask several times to be a part of it.
So like, I'm, I'm cool with, if you're happy with it, cool.
That that's your cup of tea, not my cup of tea.
I'm not hating you for, but dude, it's just, it seems so forced and this is just seems
kind of forced as well.
It's like, come up with something different.
If you can make a fun game and also teach religion at the same time, more power to you.
Same thing.
Like if you can make a game that's fun, that teaches you about fucking Oregon Trail, like
if that, that game wasn't out, we probably know shit about, you know, there was, okay.
You know, I will say there was a game I used to play at the mine shaft, the arcade years
ago.
And they had, because you know, that place was like secretly like a Mormon stronghold,
you know, the, the mine shaft.
So they actually had upstairs, they had a couple of games and one of them was Noah's
Ark and in this Noah's Ark game, you were trying to pair up animals and take them on
the Ark.
And I actually played this game cause I thought it was fun.
It was a fun game.
Exactly.
That's how you get people interested in stuff.
Not just like, whatever, you know what?
It's fine.
It's not for me.
I, why am I complaining about a game that's not for me?
As you always do.
It's like me complaining about sports games.
I mean, anybody that's getting a little nerve to buy some of your religious discussion,
you would, you would treat any game like this really.
I don't get it.
It's fine.
I just, and this is any game that's like trying this shit.
That's any game.
Like even like the Jurassic parks, I was like, really, really lost world, really, really
Ghostbusters.
You fucking need to make a goddamn, you know, Pokemon go clone.
Just fucking come up with some of the original, Ingress is different than Pokemon go.
They're both AR games, but they're played completely fucking different.
But everybody, because Pokemon goes popular, everything's gotta be catching some bullshit
and like training it and trading and bull.
It's just fucking Pokemon go make a different AR game.
And that's why I'm kind of excited for Harry Potter, because since Niantic's involved there
too, it's going to likely be a different game than Ingress prime, which we have to kind
of say Ingress prime now, because that's starting to roll out.
A lot of my friends are playing Ingress prime now, uh, that's because that's the scanner
that's going to replace Ingress in November.
But anyway, uh, Ingress prime and, um, uh, Pokemon go, Harry Potter is sure to be different.
I'm really excited about it.
So yeah, that'll be neat.
That'll try because I, you know, I like their track record, buggish fucking shit.
Oh yeah.
Speaking of Niantic.
Oh boy.
You know, so I saw that they have that update now where it's going to be tracking your,
you know, basically doing what it's supposed to be doing, which is coming up later in the
show.
So watch what you say.
But like to that I had to laugh because like I use, you know, a gotcha or whatever and
I keep the app, I just keep my phone like asleep as I'm doing that.
And that app crashes so fucking often in my pocket.
It's just like, really?
You're going to, you're going to be tracking this in the background because fucking your
app cannot stay open for like more than five minutes anyways.
Well, I think there's a way it may still work.
We'll talk a little more about that later in the show when we get to that.
So all right.
But for now, let's go to another story from Dark Sakura.
Yeah.
So at any rate, there is a few actually interesting things going on in the print world.
First of all, we all know what Raspberry Pi is, right?
Delicious.
Yes.
A delicious tiny little thing for your TV that's basically a computer.
Yeah.
That is a tiny computer to make it easier to get into computing.
Well, they are doing a magazine dedicated to video game development and video gaming
called Wireframe.
And even better, they're giving away 10,000 free copies of the first edition if you register
on their website.
I put in for it, by the way, it's two pound shipping to the U.S. from the U.K.
But it's also going to be, you know, money that's used to buy the print version will
go back in to keep the Raspberry Pi foundation going so that they can keep making low cost
computers for people.
They also own other publications, including the Mag Pi and Hack Space magazine, which
is under Raspberry Pi Press.
But Wireframe itself is going to be more indie focused.
So that will be really good.
They actually have things like mods, early access games, development tools, all kinds
of neat stuff.
So I did actually decide it would be worth it to get in a little bit on this and ordered
the first issue, which will go on sale officially on November 8th, 2018.
And we'll have an interview with the creative director for Assassin's Creed 3 and Far Cry
4, Alex Hutchinson.
So we'll see.
Nice.
I need to get me one of these things and, you know, for science, for science, absolutely.
I bet a Raspberry Pi would probably be more powerful than the computer we're using now
to do O.L.R.
You want to know what?
Can a Raspberry Pi run Windows 10?
That's probably true.
You and I need to talk.
Do we?
But we always talk.
We need to repeat a conversation that we've had.
All right.
Let's move on.
A few more stories where we get to the classic game of the week.
Loki.
Apparently, with the release of Soul Calibur 6, there's been, you know, some shenanigans
being done with the create a character mode.
So apparently, I really I guess you can take these creative characters, the custom characters
online and actually play ranked matches with them, which is a little weird.
Yeah, I think I think that is the thing you can do.
And so you imagine it.
Someone's done it, you know, took like five seconds for someone to do Bowsette in Soul
Calibur 6.
So now there's these troll characters that appear online because what they're doing is
they're using the create a character mode on PC and, of course, using a cheat engine
or something like that to be able to go beyond the bounds of what is available on those sliders,
which I'm glad that they have no anti-sanity check.
Thanks a lot, Namco Bandai.
But so now you have things like this dude that's in a giant cube or basically the cube
that they're fighting.
You can't see the person in the cube.
You see this giant cube.
So it's hard to judge where the person is to play that.
So they've done that.
And also, I guess the guy that was behind it, Abok, he was also showing off how you
can do this yourself.
So he made a giant apple as well.
And then there's a nice little picture that I saw with someone that made a giant dick
because the TTP in anything is immediately.
Yes.
And Red Dead Redemption also saw a picture because of the wonderful snow physics that
they have that you can walk and you can see the trail.
Someone also walked in the shape of a penis.
You don't say.
Yes.
You don't say.
Looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Bob Coffey says lizard dongs are a big problem
in Soul Calibur 6.
I don't even know if that's a joke or a true statement.
It's got to be a true statement.
But yeah, so it's kind of weird, though, that I'm assuming this is going to get patched
out.
They've got to put some sort of sanity checks in there.
You know, hey, you know, is this between this and this value?
If not, you know, flag this or whatever.
I'm surprised that that's not a thing.
But that's as I like to call it at work, MVP, Minimal Viable Product.
All right.
Let's talk about something else that is probably like the minimum of what they can offer because
there's going to be a lot of problems with this, I think, and that is the PlayStation
name change feature.
As we have already discussed, the name change feature probably isn't going to work with
a lot of old PlayStation games because it's only going to be guaranteed to work with games
after a certain date or beyond.
And even then, apparently, some of the beta testers are learning that name changes may
actually make you lose access to content like paid DLC for your games.
Things like leaderboard data, progress towards trophies.
Not all the time.
I want to stress, not all the time.
But in some cases, this is getting messed up.
Why are we implementing a feature that breaks things like I don't want it?
It is a beta.
Let's be fair.
Betas.
When we test these things that come to light in the hopes that Sony will fix them.
But it's not looking good so far.
Like honestly, y'all just probably want to keep the names you've got right now.
Maybe wait for PlayStation five before you start making some big change.
I got to say, honestly, like fuck that.
I mean, like, I'll just wait for the next fucking Microsoft console to be honest.
This is ridiculous.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat suggests, even if it's broken, just give me the option.
Some people want to change their name that badly.
Even if it's broken, give me the option.
I'm not changing my name, so I'm good.
Yeah, I know.
I'm in a weird place.
It's like, I'm not really interested in changing my name.
Like I'm not like Rob Roberts on PlayStation, but that's what I'm like.
I'm okay with that.
It's fine.
Plus PlayStation allows you to link to Facebook and like, you know, if we're going to be PlayStation
friends, we're probably Facebook friends.
And that's a really good way to find people.
So like I kind of the names don't really matter when you have that sort of integration, but
that's just at least my, I don't know, my thing.
All right.
Interesting.
We have a user in our chat at live.vognetwork.com named Protect the Second who says, it's so
funny because I made my PlayStation network the same I have on this IRC and they made
me change it.
It changed no problem.
So weird that this has taken so long to make a feature.
So if they don't like your name, you can change it easily.
Well, that is an interesting counterpoint is that if they force you to do a name change
because you know, you have something in your name that either you, you get a name clash
with a famous person that wants like, you can't name yourself Lady Gaga.
So if Lady Gaga wants that name, she gets it, uh, whether you like it or not, uh, or
something that is quote unquote offensive.
I'm not, oh, cause her name is really Stephanie.
I see what she did there.
I go, she's so I'd be pissed if that was the case, honestly, like, you know, Oh, well,
I'm sorry.
I want this thing.
Well, no, no, but it's weird that they could force you to change it.
It doesn't have any problems.
If I was Lady Gaga, like back when, you know, the PS3 came out or whatever like that.
And then for whatever reason, she decided to get in the game and wanted to be called
Lady Gaga.
They would just, okay.
I know this is a hypothetical situation, but like, I'd be fucking pissed.
Let's say you have like an offensive name.
Like let's say you took your hatred of JC go too far and you made a handle on PlayStation
network.
JC go to hell.
Yeah.
Okay.
You made it.
You made JC go to hell and somebody's going to say, you know what?
Go to hell is not a nice thing to say on PlayStation network when kids could be on it playing Minecraft.
So they're going to force you to change your name away from JC go to hell so they can force
you to change your name and it works fine apparently.
So why doesn't it work in this case?
It's weird.
It's very strange.
Anyway, uh, Bobby Black Wolf suggests they probably have a complicated manual system
that they can do behind the scenes to allow the forced name change, which is not something
they can replicate in an automatic way that is consumer facing.
It all goes back to the whole, they made a bad design.
So all right.
D'artistsuya in chat says along those lines to what Rob was saying over on Nintendo, I
found a Miss Vangie on Splatoon 2.
She even added me.
Though I don't know if it's just a fan or what, uh, video games, drag queen, likely
OLR listener.
Yes.
I don't know.
Dark Sakura is your, is your Nintendo name?
Miss Vangie?
No.
I don't think it's just Dark Sakura.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us next in the news?
The library of Congress.
Oh, the library is open.
Yeah.
I'll read something about the government.
No.
Um, anyway, uh, the library of Congress in the US Copyright Office revised its list of
specific exceptions to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the DMCA.
Um, it now has expanded, um, the ability to revive and protect older games as well as
DIY repairs to systems to break DRM to fix the hardware.
Basically, um, it's, it's all in the name of preserving old games.
In fact, um, they gave libraries and archives as well as museums their right to circumvent
DRM so that video games can be preserved in playable condition.
And so this year's list actually reaffirmed and expanded that a little bit.
So, um, an additional section there actually calls out instances where online authentication
is required in order to play games.
Um, once a copyright holder shuts down authentication services, consumers now have the right to
break DRM in order to play games.
So yes, you can copy that floppy in order to play a game that can no longer validate
you online.
And I know this was a big, um, kind of back and forth in the gaming industry.
Uh, just not that long ago.
So we were talking about, you know, servers coming down and so forth.
So this is a pretty big deal.
Well, it goes into effect as of today.
So huzzah, I'm sure there are going to be some court challenges coming up.
I'd really like to see how it pans out, but for right now, do the thing.
You can copy that floppy all you want in this context and this context only.
Break that DRM for preservation.
Not the new stuff.
So, all right.
Only when the servers get taken offline, which, um,
Final Fantasy 11.
Woo!
Yeah.
Right.
And some other games too, right?
Logie?
Yes.
Other games like Warhawk on PS3.
Apparently there's a couple of people that are up in arms about the fact that it was
announced that they would be shutting down their servers on October 25th as opposed to
the 90 day window that they're supposed to give us according to the back of the box.
Um, previous games that they did shut down like recently at, well, not so recent, SOCOM,
they shut down their servers August 31st, 2012, and they did announce that 90 days
in advance, but Warhawk, not so much.
I got to wonder how many people are actually playing Warhawk, so, uh, but another one bites
the dust, but I'm guessing that there was really no one playing that game.
Maybe that's why I didn't do notice.
Yeah, I'm guessing a lot of these games probably aren't super trafficked anyway, but you never
know.
Yeah.
I'm sure it made somebody angry enough to write an article about it.
Uh, Destiny 100 Matt, uh, eulogizing a bit, says Warhawk was a fun game at its time.
Well, hey, you know, thanks to this Library of Congress decision, you can bring it back.
Well, I mean, this is, you know, it's funny though with the Warhawk thing is like, they
could bring it back.
They just put it as part of like a PlayStation Now thing and then you can play it online
still.
I guess they probably just don't make enough money to run those servers.
It's not beneficial for them.
All right.
Uh, let's see, let's talk about Dreamcast games coming to the Switch.
Yep, that's right.
You might get to relive your favorite Dreamcast classics all over again.
This coming from a recent, uh, talk with Famitsu where Naoki Horii from Sega talked about how
the Switch was getting very close to successfully running the Dreamcast titles, uh, via emulation,
which would not be surprising.
They were doing it on PC.
They invented it on other consoles.
So why not the Switch as well?
So they could theoretically remake or port certain Dreamcast games.
So sure.
Why not?
Space Channel Five all over again.
Crazy Taxi.
Why not?
But you know what?
Where's the, I mean, I know it's not a Sega game, but like when I think of Dreamcast,
I think of Power Stone.
I was just going to say like, it's not a Dreamcast game, but like Power Stone, please.
The best we got was PSP I think had a Power Stone.
It was PSP or Vida got a Power Stone collection of one and two, I believe.
I think it was PS.
No, it must have been Vida.
I don't think PSP would have had Power Stone, but it was one of the Sony portable systems
that got that.
Um, but yeah, I, I would love a new Power Stone game.
It would be awesome.
Or even some of those characters coming over to like a Street Fighter game or something
like that.
Yeah.
At least, uh, at least it would be nice if somebody would like take the concept, but
I guess, um, they are, uh, it was PSP.
Okay.
I guess Capcom is talking about bringing some of their old stuff back, kind of.
They had a tweet about it this week.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf suggests Seaman HD, a popular Dreamcast game that always comes up
on OLR.
That is supposed to be coming.
There's supposed to be a new Seaman coming.
I thought there would, they're working on a new Seaman.
So whenever that happens, didn't they, was it like a Kickstarter or something?
I thought that they were doing that.
Yeah.
I thought I remember that being a thing that we talked about earlier too.
So orange right suggests considering that Parappa port essentially ran on a PSP emulator
and apparently Castlevania might be a similar situation.
I can see Capcom releasing Power Stone on PlayStation four.
You just, you just need to scream.
You need to passively, aggressively tweet Capcom enough.
No, I'm just kidding.
Be respectful, but you know, let them know, let them know the demand is out there.
So all right.
And yeah, dark to see you confirming what I saw on Twitter, uh, Capcom's confirmed that
they're putting Resident Evil zero, Resident Evil four on switch.
So you get to buy Resident Evil four again, but I mean, it was a really good, like it's
probably like the best Resident Evil game.
So Power Stone instead.
Yeah.
I'd like to see some Power Stone.
I'd even like take Tatsunoko versus Capcom, but I don't think that's going to happen.
Oh man.
I would love them to bring that out on, on the switch.
Now I'd imagine the licensing issues are gonna make that a challenge.
So I don't know about that, but you can still play that in some arcades.
I know round one in a Concord has it.
So I almost stopped at round one in San Jose.
I was so tempted, but I was like, I can't stand being in this car any longer than half
there.
And the kids have whined.
Yeah.
I play ticket games.
Yeah.
I'll play the crane.
I'll play dancer.
She doesn't want to play a game with the answer.
No ticket games.
It was like, uh, all right, uh, let's take a trip down memory lane to the classic game
of the week.
Not Power Stone tonight, but another goodie because every week dark soccer gets into the
gaming vault and usually we have to rely on radio magic to make it happen.
But she's here in person for this very special 750th episode of orange launch radio to pick
a game that she thinks, Hey, brats, you should be respecting this game.
And honestly though, this is a game everybody already respects.
I think like, I don't know people that don't not like this game unless they just dislike
this genre.
If they dislike this genre, then they probably don't care for this game.
But if you're into this genre, you like this game.
Anyway, I'll stop yapping.
What is the classic game of the week dark saga versus street fighter, which, no, I haven't
done it before.
I checked the Wiki.
So X-Men versus street fighter, um, it is a fighting game.
It is the big one that started the versus saga that came out in Japan in September 1996.
And um, it had several different home releases, the best of course being on the sake of Saturn.
Um, it basically had, it was actually, I kind of look at it as a direct result of X-Men
children of the Adam.
So it had the characters from X-Men battling street fighter characters.
Um, it was, uh, honestly a very unique game cause I mean you had, what else was the only
thing out like it at the time was king of fighters.
And, but this one was definitely like a combining of, of different genres.
It was pretty cool.
Um, it was pretty positively received and it also gave way to the sequel Marvel superheroes
versus street fighter that came out the next year.
So with this one, it is a 2D fighting game.
You have all kinds of different characters.
It is the first formal installment of the Marvel versus Capcom series.
So this, this isn't started the whole thing.
Um, you start off with, you know, each character has their own life gauge and you switch between
each character so that you can have some people refill their life bar in the back end.
Um, you know, you had assist moves and hyper combos and variable counters and fun stuff
like that.
Um, you also had, um, your arcade mode where you do a story against an AI and you have
your versus mode.
Um, if you do the story mode, then after you beat apocalypse, you actually fight your partner.
You're left with whoever you beat the boss with.
Um, and then you get an ending for that one.
So the characters that were in this one, um, were, uh, Cyclops, Gambit, Juggernaut, Magneto,
Rogue, Sabretooth, Storm and Wolverine.
And then for the, uh, street fighter characters, Akuma or Golki as he was in Japan, Kami, Charlie,
um, Chun-Li, Dalsim, Ken, Bison, oh well, or Balrog I guess as he was, uh, not Balrog.
Who was it?
Vega, that was it.
Vega.
They were all so many bad people.
Uh, Ryu and Zangief, so, um, the game was, uh, released on, uh, for CPS2 arcade board
and, um, it had a direct port to Sega Saturn that was, uh, released with the 4MB RAM cart.
This did not come out in the U.S. because they didn't know shit about marketing Saturn
in the U.S., um, but they were selling it at EB in the U.S.
Um, Sega had plans to release it in Europe, um, that had it bundled with the expansion
cartridges, but they eventually put that to the side.
I said, um, that it was going to be exclusive to the Saturn and then, um, because, uh, Capcom
was accused of favoritism to the Saturn, but even though the Saturn versions of Street
Fighter Alpha 2 were better and the home version of, uh, Night Warriors was a Saturn exclusive
as well, Capcom pulled back on that and said that they would do a PlayStation version,
which was, of course, nowhere near arcade perfect.
Um, it was pretty terrible, actually.
It was missing animation, it had no versus mode, um, you know, because of the memory
limitations of the, um, the PlayStation, of course, there was no real, like, supported
RAM, uh, cart, you know.
I was assuming that they would have something that would have fit into that I.O. port in
the back, but that never happened and, of course, you know that, um, later models never
had, they removed all those extra ports in the back.
Which, by the way, I found the first gen PlayStation at a first gen the other day.
I didn't get it because I already have, like, three of them.
Um, but the game was positively received, um, it was really fun except, of course, the
PlayStation 1 was pretty much, you know, kicked in the ass for being terrible, um, and then,
of course, it led to the sequel, Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter, which then led
to, you know, Marvel vs. Capcom series, Marvel vs. SNK, Capcom vs. SNK, Tatsu no Ko vs. Capcom.
We have more and more of these versus series, uh, coming out that just took everything we
loved and made it awesome.
Except for what the fuck is up with putting that comedian in Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street
Fighter, that's stupid.
Norimaru.
I'm done.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, a classic fighter for sure.
X-Men vs. Street Fighter.
Good pick for a landmark episode of Orange Lounge Radio, good, uh, fighting game selection.
Yes.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break, but when we come back, there is plenty more Orange
Lounge Radio to come, including more rapid fire news.
We're gonna get to, uh, your emails, or emails as the case may be, and we'll get to your
calls, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
When we come back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight with episode number 750
of our show already in progress.
Um, I know you guys love all the Pokmon GO updates, but I do have to say, so during
the break, uh, I traded that unknown to Loki, and, uh, I said, just give me anything that
I won't be upset if it went lucky, and he gave me a Magikarp.
Guess what happened?
Lucky trade.
Of course, yeah.
So now I have a lucky Magikarp, which obviously will become a Gyarados when I have the candy,
and, um...
Apparently, Gastly's turned into Diddos now.
Oh, do, oh, can they?
Oh, is the one on my house a Ditto?
Yeah, the one is a Ditto, yeah.
Oh, funny.
And then, uh, but you got a lucky unknown, which not a lot of people have, so there you
go.
Yep.
That's fun.
Alright.
Anyway, uh, let's get into some rapid fire news and talk about, uh, some other quick
things that have been happening this week while Mr. Smoosh is screaming in the other
room, so I'm gonna see if some kibble will satiate his fat ass for a little while.
Loki.
Alright.
Just bring him to me.
I will comfort him.
Alright.
So, uh, Jade Raymond has left Electronic Arts, and she was, of course, the producer of the
Assassin's Creed series before moving to EA's Motive Studio, uh, about three years ago,
and, uh, she was originally gonna be overseeing a, I think it was that, uh, Star Wars, uh,
the single-player game, the kind of, uh, action-adventure game, but apparently they canceled that, so
now, um, Motive is working on a new IP in Star Wars, um, project, but she is no longer
gonna be working on that, because she has left the studio onto bigger and better things
than whatever EA can churn out for a Star Wars game.
Um, and then, of course, for you, Soul Calibur 6 players, they'd be happy to know that Nier
Automata's 2B is gonna be coming to Soul Calibur 6 as a, um, DLC character.
So, that's pretty awesome.
Alright.
Uh, last week on the show, we spent some time talking about the Intellivision Amico, and
we had mentioned that more information would be coming out on the Monday following our
show, and that did happen.
They did end up having a trailer, uh, that came out.
Um, most of the trailer kind of recap things we already had known about, uh, although you
did get to see some of the personalities that would be involved with the Intellivision.
A lot of people.
I didn't realize how many.
Yeah, which the one that struck me as funny, which obviously, you know, going back way
back throwback to our DDR days, but the guy that was, like, big with DDR's relations,
I think it was, like, PR relations, and I don't remember what his official title was,
but Jason Enos was kind of, out of Konami, he was, like, kind of like the face of DDR
a little bit for a while, and he's going to be, it sounds like, what, like second in command
on this Intellivision thing, isn't he?
Yeah, and I remember, what was it, Dave Perry with, was it Shiny?
He was in there as well, so, I mean, lots of people that are on board with this thing,
so it has potential.
I'm curious to see what happens with it.
And Perrin Kaplan, who I think was involved with Nintendo for a short while, unfortunately,
I think she was there during that whole Wii Vitality sensor debacle, but, not everything's
a hit, it happens.
So, anyway, Loki, would you mind grabbing this other thing I had, because unfortunately
I'm not able to pull it up on this computer, it's having a problem.
Oh, darn, that Windows XP.
I know, right, but I know it has to do with Capcom's beat-em-up bundle, and it's getting
a new patch that's coming out.
Yeah, it's because their beat-em-up bundle was absolute dog shit on, I think it was PC,
but apparently that's not the issue.
It says they're going to be getting a patch that's coming in November, and it's going
to be adding new screen filters, a new screen size, an option to turn off the ability for
other players to join in-game sessions online.
I guess that has nothing to do with just the absolute lag and bullshit that was in, I think,
the PC version, or maybe in the Switch version.
I just remember watching a video of it where it was stuttering like fucking crazy.
But that's cool that they're supporting their games.
Hopefully whatever that issue was and whatever version it was that I saw a video of is fixed.
Alright, and Dark Sakura has a few stories for us before we get to releases around the
world.
Ah, I do.
Well, if I can make the words come out of my mouth.
The next Splatfest in Japan, or Splatoon 2 Splatfest, I should say, is about Poki, as
in the confection.
There is regular Poki, and there is Poki Extremely Thins, which are about the girth of a spaghetti
strand.
And some of us, you've probably heard it pronounced Poki.
Some people pronounce it like that.
Yeah, because I think of Poki as in like raw fish.
I think of the fish thing, yeah.
That's Poki.
I know, I know.
But you know how we-
But I'm a dumb American, so I don't understand the difference.
Y'all need to speak American.
Can I make spaghetti out of the Poki or whatever?
Maybe Sp-Sp-Poki?
So also, Team Sonic Racing has been delayed until next year.
It's been pushed back to May 21st, 2019, and no one curr.
I hope it's only to get the guy that did the theme song for Daytona to do the theme song
for this game.
I hope it's to get Danica Patrick back.
Well, let's see, why not both?
I really, actually, it's funny, have you ever watched that guy sing?
Yeah.
He's absolutely engaging to watch.
Even like studio stuff, he's like, I'm totally into Brew Brew Sky.
That's right.
And he sang Burning Rangers.
He had, didn't he team up for like F-Zero song?
Yes, yes.
I was like, he was just recently, we were talking about that guy.
Yes, everything he touches is magic.
Yeah.
And SSG100Matt in our chat at live.vognetwork.com wants to point out, I care, Sonic All-Star
Racing was great.
I care too, but you know, you want it to be a good game.
Every little thing he sings is magic.
Right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some upcoming releases.
What you'll be buying a little sooner than Team Sonic Racing.
Yes.
Call of Cthulhu, the official video game endorsed directly by Cthulhu himself.
Coming on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Dream Daddy, Dadrector's Cut on PS4.
Which I still have never played.
Is that weird?
I just haven't gotten around to that.
Especially since you've cosplayed.
I know, right?
You haven't played the game yet.
Sorry to let you all down.
I'm a fake, fake gamer boy.
Fake gamer boy.
Galmetal on the Switch.
Lego Harry Potter collection on the Switch and Xbox One.
Mutant Football League Dynasty Edition on the Switch.
Sports Party on the Switch.
Yomawari the Long Night collection on Nintendo Switch.
Death Mark on the Switch.
OK KO Let's Be Heroes on the Switch.
Steven Universe Save the Light on the Switch.
This one should be a little bit up Rob's alley.
Diablo 3 The Eternal collection on the Switch this week.
Yeah, I kind of want to get it.
It's money, it's money, but I'm probably going to end up getting that anyway.
And then for you music game fans,
Taiko no Tatujin Drum and Fun on the Switch.
And if you don't have a Switch,
Taiko no Tatujin Drum Session on PlayStation 4.
That's it.
Nice.
Japan feels a little light this week.
I'm not seeing huge releases, at least not on PlayStation 4.
Transference is the only really big release from Ubisoft
on November 1st this week on the PlayStation 4.
Over on the Nintendo Switch,
I don't think I see anything big over there either actually.
Niko Tomo is the only game that I see on the Switch this week.
So it seems to be a quiet week on the Switch,
or excuse me, a quiet week in Japan for whatever reason.
Dark Sakura.
It's busy over in Europe.
So starting with the 30th,
we have Fallout 76 Beta.
We have Call of Cthulhu for PlayStation and Xbox.
Steep X Games Gold Edition.
We have Sports Party The Escapist 2 for Switch.
8 To Glory Bull Riding.
Okay.
Gungrave VR Loaded Coffin Edition.
That's on the 31st.
Galmetal World Tour Edition on the 31st on Switch.
It looks like on November 2nd,
we have Football Manager 2019.
We have Mutant Football League Dynasty Edition.
Steven Universe Double Pack.
Looks like Diablo 3 The Eternal Collection.
Taiko no Tatsujin Drum and Fun.
Jeez, Mushi.
This was all during the show last week,
so you just have to get used to it.
Lego Harry Potter Collection for Xbox and Switch.
Witcher 3 Dark Souls 3 Bundle.
God, there's a bunch on this.
Okay, here's the last one.
And Gem Smashers.
There you go.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
You know, everything I read about the cat meowing
says you can't acknowledge it,
because then it just teaches them that it works.
It'll make it worse, yeah.
It works, yeah.
So, sucks, huh?
I just feed Midna and she shuts up.
No, I just fed this one.
Anyway.
I don't know, usually I just get Midna in my lap
and she shuts up.
SSG100Matt says Mr. Smoosh wants to do release dates.
Maybe that's what it is.
Maybe Mr. Smoosh is coming for your...
He's gonna release his poop.
As long as he does it in the litter box, fine.
SSG100Matt suggests that Mr. Smoosh
gets Australian release dates.
That might not be a bad idea.
Coming out this week.
Meow.
And meow.
Oh, good.
Other dad is home and can hopefully take care
of Mr. Smoosh's insensitive meowing.
All right, anyway.
He's singing us the song of his people.
That's right.
All right.
Let's move on to the mailbag,
because every week you guys send us e-mails
to participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I'm quite pleased with how clean the mailbox was.
Yes.
I... because I knew you would bellyache
if I didn't move everything to trash.
Meow.
Meow.
Exactly.
Meow.
Meow.
See, I speak Smoosh.
Uh, Darce Acro, what is in the mailbag?
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
is the e-mail address.
From our own Raginator.
Hi, everyone.
As opposed to someone else's.
Someone else's Raginator.
Sorry, Raginator.
We're giving you to someone else.
You can't be ours anymore.
Kidding.
Hi, everyone.
Just writing this very last second e-mail
to pose a long-winded question
that is arising from a shitstorm
that occurred this weekend.
I'm trying to help someone come up with ideas
for a video streaming service.
She does cosplay for cons and photoshoots.
Twitch is out.
Um, skipping, skipping, skipping.
Um, she ruled out YouTube,
saying that their streaming is shit.
Uh, Mixer, from what I've been told, has issues.
That being said, can you think of any alternatives?
If need be, we can discuss this more off-air
if you need more info or details.
Normally, I would just close an e-mail
with my brand of humor,
but this time, I'll skip the humor
and just say this.
Slash kitty, you have my full support,
and I will do what I can to help.
Um, doesn't Vimeo do, like, streaming, too?
Yes.
And first off, in response to talking about it off-air,
there's only gonna be, like, two people to get this joke,
but, Raginator, nothing you ask matters
unless that audio is rolling.
You get the joke, Jamie?
All right, anyway, it's a Drag Race reference.
Anyway, um, I know, Loki, you're not supposed to get it.
All right, anyway, uh, in all seriousness,
uh, yeah, Vimeo, I guess, is one.
I mean, gosh, cutting yourself out of YouTube,
that is a big chunk of it.
Um, here's, I mean,
I'm gonna give you an honest answer,
and I'm not saying this to sound, like, skeezy
or anything like that, but OnlyFans,
and I realize that is a usually thing
associated with pornography.
I'm bringing it up because I'm not gonna shame sex workers.
I don't know if that is anything at all remotely
that the person is interested in,
but it doesn't have to be that.
So, like, I know a podcast I listen to
is kinda half talking about doing something with OnlyFans,
so, I mean, just, I just thrown it out there as an option.
It is an option.
Um, maybe, doesn't Patreon allow you
to unlock video stuff on there?
But I don't think it's streaming.
Oh, I thought they had, like, a built-in VOD thing,
but you had to, like, actually pay for the Patreon
in order to see it.
I don't know, I'm not gonna really use it.
Wait, what are we, streaming adult content?
No, no, no, no, no, I, no, just, like,
not necessarily.
My answer kinda got into that
because if that's something somebody wants to do,
then go for it, but I don't think it was specifically that.
I think it was just cosplay, featuring,
and things like that.
I mean, if it were me doing that,
I wouldn't stream cosplay stuff at all.
I would do more of the Instagram route.
I don't know.
Oh, Instagram's a great idea, actually.
But you can do video,
and you can do live stuff on Instagram and Facebook.
And they have that new Instagram TV thing, too.
So, there's that.
Yeah, that's actually a really good idea.
Good suggestion.
Um, and then also, uh, D'Artezia suggests
is Ustream still around?
I thought maybe it was, like,
I thought maybe it shut down at some point.
I think they're still there because of, uh,
the PlayStation will still let you stream there, won't it?
And that would be,
Dailymotion would be, uh, part of that as well.
So, I think, uh,
the PlayStation 4 officially supports all those, uh, platforms,
even though they're not as common.
And I don't know, like, as far as what,
what type of, like, account, like,
you know, what offerings you're talking about here,
but, like, I know there's, like, subreddits and stuff
where people offer stuff like that,
and, like, photos and, you know, stuff where they can sell.
And I don't know what services they use,
but you can always see,
hey, what are you using for your shit?
And use the same thing.
Yeah, I think Instagram was really the best suggestion
because, um, I know Aria Snark,
who does a lot of cosplay that was hosting
Shaking and Crying with Me for a while.
She's been building and building on Instagram
and doing very well.
There's a few other cosplayers that I follow.
Um, in fact, I'm, you know,
as soon as I get back to learning my DMs,
learning my damn sewing machine,
my own cosplay is gonna be going up there
under its own account, which, by the way,
you can follow me on Instagram as DarkSakura.
You can follow Midna as Batittles.
Uh, TigerClaw says Ustream is around,
but it's no longer called Ustream.
It's IBM Cloud Video.
IBM's buying all this shit, aren't they?
They just bought Red Hat, too.
There you go. Microsoft just acquired GitHub.
Everything, everything's been bought.
Did you know that DreamWorks used to do all of their, um,
proprietary rendering software in, um, Red Hat?
I know now.
I got to speak with somebody who graduated from my college
and went on to work for DreamWorks
and worked on the Sherman and Peabody movie.
Oh. And I asked them about their rendering software.
He's like, yeah, it all runs in Red Hat, and it's proprietary.
Huh. Cool. How about that?
You learn something every day.
All right, if that's it for emails,
I'll encourage you to send more emails.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com
is the place to send emails in the future.
In the meantime, we've got some more news stories
for you guys, and we'll get to our Skype line eventually.
Loki, what do you have for us?
Well, VR's canceled.
No, just kidding.
Um, so apparently the, um,
there is rumors that the Rift 2 is canceled,
and apparently the co-founder of Oculus
has left the company as well.
Now, what this would necessarily mean
is not necessarily that they're gonna stop
development of the Oculus Rift.
It's just that what was currently the Rift 2
is now not being worked on,
and I'm probably in part with the fact
that they've done stuff like, so the Oculus, um,
what the hell was the last Oculus
that they put out, the standalone one?
I don't remember what the fuck it's called.
But, um, they have other Oculus products
that are gonna be available instead.
So, um, Michael Abrash basically said that,
you know, these are the good, these are the good old days,
um, when they're talking about, like, you know,
as far as how VR has come along.
Um, but now, of course, you know, with that,
they're gonna be pushing for new hardware,
maybe going in even a different direction
with stuff like that, you know, um,
the brand new Oculus headset that they have as standalone.
I'm curious to see, like, what's gonna run on that,
because I know they have, like,
was it the whole Vader thing,
but, like, what else can it do?
Is it, how is this gonna, like, tie in with Facebook again,
you know, with, are they gonna be doing, like,
you know, some sort of VR Facebook crap on there?
I don't know if this is directly related,
but I will say one thing that I've been saying
and the one thing that I've been super into
that I think is neat on Facebook lately,
and I know Dark Soccer's feeling this too,
is that they just enabled those 3D photos,
and if you have a phone that has basically two lenses,
so I know any iPhone, uh, past seven will do it,
because if your phone can do the portrait thing on iPhone,
I don't know what the Android equivalent is,
but it's just, like, basically just two,
it has to have, like, one camera
and a depth perception lens as well.
It's called the knockoff.
Yeah, well, you know.
Um, but anyway, as long as your phone has that
and that data's in the picture,
you can post these 3D pictures to Facebook.
They're weird, though.
Yeah, they're kinda trippy.
But it, did you see the one I did of my, uh, tea mug?
I don't think I saw that one.
Yeah, it kinda got jacked up on that.
Yeah, the, basically, because it's clear glass
and the top part of the mug ended up foreground,
and then, of the handle,
and then the bottom half that was lighter
ended up as background, so it's, like, it's split apart.
Okay, that's trippy.
Let me really quickly read the whole excerpt
that he put in his Facebook post.
So, so much has happened since the day
we found out Oculus in 2012, or July 2012.
I never could have imagined how much we would accomplish
and how far we would come,
and now, after six incredible years, I am moving on.
I am deeply proud and grateful
for all that we have done together.
We have assembled one of the greatest
research and engineering teams in history,
delivered the first step of true virtual presence
with Oculus Rift in touch,
and inspired an entirely new industry.
We started a revolution that will change the world
in ways we can only envision.
Yet, as far as we've come, the journey has just begun.
You know, basically talking about the good old days.
And then, now, when we pioneer the foundation
for the next great computing platform and medium,
this is our time to be pushing state-of-the-art
onward and upward.
Every part of AR, VR needs to improve,
especially the hardware and core technology.
So, I think it sounds to me like the frustration
may have been that, you know, now we have this,
I don't know, maybe the standalone software.
I think he's expecting more.
Maybe we're just not pushing it enough.
But I still think they need to get
the kind of saturation out there first
before we're really pushing the technology,
but maybe doing both at the same time.
Yeah.
Because how do you make it affordable
and entry-level for people to get into it,
to get wanting more as far out of the hardware and everything?
Right.
I don't know.
And, obviously, Facebook acquiring this
was never really about only games.
Although, you know, it's interesting
talking about kind of like other moves
that Facebook makes and how it might relate to this
because, you know, we just talked about
the 3D pictures thing and how, actually,
I find that stuff to be really fascinating.
I mean, it's still got issues,
like Darcy points out with her tea mug picture,
but, like, the picture I posted of, like,
Mr. Smoosh lying down in 3D got, like, a ton of feedback
because people were like, that is so cool.
And, like, it was just a normal picture
I took in portrait mode because you can go back
to any picture in your library that you took in the past
in portrait mode and it'll run its filter on it,
which is really cool.
So, anyway, you know, but I noticed one thing,
and this is annoying me about Facebook,
is that now, like, every time I open up
Facebook on my phone, the games thing lights up
with, like, you have one notification in games.
You have this in games.
It's like, I don't, like, I really wish
I could just, like, get rid of that or uninstall it
because I'm not interested in doing games.
It's going back to the whole, remember when people
get super fucking annoyed at this on Facebook
when it's like a friend has sent you something in Farmville.
A friend needs you to get their farm
in Farmville, so you get, like, 20 of those requests.
Yeah, I remember blocking all that shit.
Like, I feel like Facebook is, like, coming back to that,
but it's Facebook's own shit where it's like
you have a post in a new gaming community.
No, I get that all the time and, like,
I've turned off notifications for most everything.
I don't need to know when someone's posted a picture
or something like that unless I'm, like,
specifically choosing to be notified by that,
but they keep doing that.
Like, oh, you have a notification.
It's like, oh, such and such has posted something
on their Instagram feed.
I don't fucking care about Instagram.
I'm on Facebook.
I don't give a shit about that.
Or I, this person's posted a photo
or this person's posted a comment or, like, an update.
Who cares?
I don't care.
If I wanted to be notified by that,
I would set my notifications to be like that.
All right, yeah, I just, that's the type of crap
that's gonna just annoy me with Facebook
and make me just uninstall it for my phone again,
but it's like, it's a double-edged sword
because, you know, where else am I gonna show people
the picture of me dressed up as sexy?
Which was my Halloween costume, by the way,
if you weren't already aware.
So, and then, of course, to go back to...
Where's your Miss Peacock shoes?
They were my Miss Peacock shoes.
If I'm gonna, girl, if I'm gonna spend $40
on a pair of heels,
you know I'm gonna wear them more than once.
So, to go back to the article real quick.
So, the actual reason that he left is,
basically, he had fundamentally different views
of the future of Oculus that grew deeper over time
and wasn't interested in the race to the bottom.
So, it sounds like, you know,
maybe the race to make it cheaper, more affordable.
I don't know.
He wants to really push the VR hardware,
which, you know, I'm kind of on board with that.
But, at the same time, I understand why they have to
because you gotta get people interested in it
in order to push this high-end hardware.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, we'll see what the future is gonna hold for this.
I don't think, necessarily, that, you know,
Facebook is just, like, totally getting out of VR,
but maybe it's not gonna be, like, kind of like,
it's, like, not necessarily a race to outdo Vive
and PlayStation VR, which are starting to cement themselves
as more like the gaming options.
I really wish PlayStation would come out with some new
goddamn, like, controllers for that shit
because those move controllers are...
I would assume, and it's the biggest assumption,
but I would assume any of that type of stuff
is being rolled over to PlayStation 5
and how VR might work with PlayStation 5 at this point.
So, speaking of PlayStation VR...
I have not played it yet.
Shame on you!
I just...
Shame!
Ding, ding, ding, ding.
We're, what, two weeks out from Tetris Effect?
Yes.
So, it's gonna happen.
So, I am excited.
I actually was listening to the soundtrack of Tetris Effect
the other day.
It's so good.
Oh, yeah, they have a soundtrack online?
Yeah, because if you pre-order it, you get the soundtrack.
And somebody put it all on YouTube.
It's great.
I do need to pre-order and get the soundtrack.
Yeah, it's great.
All right.
Let's get into some stories on Pokemon Go.
The first story, which I know you guys love it
when we talk about it, but, you know,
it's kind of a big deal,
and this one was something Loki kind of referenced
a little bit ago, is that Niantic is going to be
unveiling an adventure sink.
They're calling it a Niantic real-world platform
gameplay system that gives players
more reason to go outside.
So, basically, what you're gonna be doing with this
is that it will kind of tie together
with the health monitors in your phone, I guess,
to actually give you credit for walking eggs
and things of that sort,
which is something that you get the credit
for the egg walking and all that,
but it's tied into the health apps
that are already on your phone.
Well, yeah, and I saw that, and I hope that's the case
because I use those.
I don't know.
I think it was just a Samsung Fit or the Android Fit.
It's Android Google Fit, and it's iOS Health Kit.
All of my stuff ties into my health app.
Right, and that's just the watch.
I don't know if I used Android Fit.
I used the Fitbit stuff.
I think that ties in with Android.
I'm sure it does.
It should, but I don't know if there are issues.
Now Pokemon goes working again on the Apple Watch.
Oh, does the Apple Watch?
The Apple Watch thing has never worked for me.
It's been pretty okay.
I don't need it because I have the Gotcha,
but I do like that the watch...
But I like this for tracking my walking.
Yeah, the watch tracks your...
You know what's funny is that before I got the watch,
I was very much like, I don't need an Apple Watch.
I don't do any of that stuff,
but then the exercise stuff kind of pulled me in,
and I really do like that it shows me,
like, oh, this is how much you've moved today.
Get up off your butt and do some walking
because you haven't really done any.
Mine reminds me to stand up
instead of just getting so locked up in my work.
Yeah, and...
But now you know why I stand up
like every hour during the show.
Oh, for sure. No, because I...
Well, I'd already hit my 12 hours before
because I don't...
My phone stops reminding me after 12 hours.
It doesn't remind me anymore.
Yeah, mine goes from about nine to six.
It will stop.
But then, you know, the other thing, though,
is that I'm also doing this mindfulness challenge at work
where I think, like, the goal is to, like, do, like...
What is it? 25 days at minimum?
Mm-hmm.
To do the meditation for 10 minutes,
the breathing, the mindful breathing.
Yeah.
And I've done every day this month.
That's great.
Now, supposedly, this feature
is also going to let you have challenges,
kind of work with friends.
There's going to be more stuff in the game,
so it isn't enabled in the game yet.
So as Joe and Hunter Matt in chat asks,
so in order for this to work,
you need to have background data enabled on Pokemon Go.
If it's going through other apps,
I wonder if it does anymore.
I don't think it does.
Unfortunately, we're just not going to have
a lot of answers to these questions
until the feature comes out
and those people on Silf Road tear it apart
in five minutes.
I don't think it's going to have background data.
It's probably going to be just,
okay, you launch this app,
or the last time you launched this app was here,
and how many steps or whatever distance you've covered
between them.
And it's going to pull that from the health app.
It's just like, yeah, it's like I use my fitness coach
for logging my food,
and I use my Fitbit app for everything else,
for activity-wise.
I kind of separate them that way.
I don't know why.
I just do it that way.
Now, Rama's trying to give you some Android advice,
because DarkStalker and I can't really help there.
Rama in chat says you have to open the Google Fit app
and have it sync the Fitbit app.
Yeah, I was just about to download it,
because I don't have it installed on my phone.
Get on that.
Hatch them eggs.
But I have so many fitness trackers.
Niantic will just sell more incubators
so they're all about this, I'm sure.
But I imagine this feature will probably be unlocked
at some point in the next week.
I don't know if they're going to make us wait
all the way until the Halloween event is over,
but we shall see.
So lots of news around Pokmon GO right now.
Not all of it good, right, DarkStalker?
Fuck that.
Yeah, so Niantic posted on their Twitter,
Trainers in Arizona come join the Autism Speaks Walk
on October 28th and raise money for SARRC,
which provides research, treatment, education,
and community outreach for people with autism.
First of all, fuck Autism Speaks.
Fuck them, fuck them, fuck them.
It wasn't until this year that they finally got
an autistic person on their board.
They spent decades sharing misinformation
and treating us like we have a disease,
instead of this just being how our brains are wired.
They advocate the ADA, which is like this behavioral therapy.
ABA.
ABA, sorry.
It's this behavioral therapy that, in some cases,
have been borderline abusive to kids.
I'm sure there are some places that do it better,
but a lot of times I will just see, like,
completely outrageous things that are done against children.
And then they, you know, started putting out
all of these videos and this propaganda, really,
that were saying that people with autism
are a danger to their parents and a burden
and that we need to be, quote, cured.
Fuck that, fuck that noise, and fuck you Niantic
for not doing any goddamn research
and working with a good place like ASAN,
the Autism Self Advocacy Network,
and any of these other places that are not just
this money-grabbing shithole.
They are on par with the Komen Foundation.
They are just completely terrible.
Do not give Autism Speaks any of your money,
and if you are in Arizona, please do not support this event.
Give your money to a good service
that will do good things for people with autism.
Now Niantic did seem to acknowledge some of the feedback,
but I got the sense they kind of had to do it in a way
that they weren't going to pull out of the event,
but they may not be able to.
Honestly, it may be at the point where it's kind of like
once you commit something, you can't really do it.
You can't really necessarily just yank yourself out,
especially if the check's already been cashed.
But I remember seeing a tweet from them that kind of said,
we heard your feedback, and we look forward to working
with other charities in the future.
We want to hear your feedback on what charities
we should be working with type of thing.
That's kind of what I drew from it.
But I guess for maybe folks that don't totally like,
because this is a good comparison in my head
to kind of understand where your anger comes from,
is that this would be if Niantic got an offer on their desk
that says, we want you to sign up for this charity
that helps gay children.
This charity helps gay children,
and we want you to be a partner in this
so we can raise money to help gay children.
And Niantic probably thinks, oh, that sounds like,
you're right, there's so many gay kids out there
that get kicked out of their homes,
and they need a place to go, and we want to help.
You're right, we should sign off on that,
because that sounds good, and that's doing good.
And then it turns out, what did this charity mean
when they say, help gay children?
It's conversion therapy.
It's conversion therapy, electroshock therapy,
or something like that, right?
Is that a fair comparison to where your anger comes from
when you talk about Autism Speaks?
Is that it's like...
Probably not in that level of extreme,
but it's just where the place that they're coming from is.
Is that they treat us like we're a disease.
Like, there's something wrong with us to cure.
And neurodivergence is not a disease.
It is how your brain is wired.
And there are a lot of us who function perfectly fine in the world.
I mean, there's a lot of nonverbal people.
There's a lot of people who just completely cannot function.
Those people could probably use more assistance.
But what we need a lot is people to understand
that not everyone is going to approach things
from the same point of view that you do.
It takes multiple levels of thought
and thought processes to make the world work.
If you are finding that you can't communicate with someone with autism,
maybe you should change how you talk
instead of asking them to rewire themselves.
How does Niantic get themselves out of this hole that they've dug
with especially the autistic community?
Short of pulling out.
Let's say checks been cashed.
Pulling out at this point is not an option.
So short of that, what can they do to fix this?
Not work with Autism Speaks again.
I mean, ever again.
I did find the two posts that they made about that,
so I'll just read them real quick.
They basically left out all mention of Autism Speaks now.
We're excited to support the SARRC in their walk,
which is directly benefiting the school,
and appreciate the response that many of you had about the event.
If you want to read more about them and their work,
we encourage you to learn here, autismcenter.org.
So that I think they are separating themselves from Autism Speaks already,
which is good.
And then the second thing was the one that you said.
We hear and appreciate all the feedback
as well as the other recommendations for autism organizations
that you'd love to see supported.
So please continue to share some of the organizations you're close to.
So I think that they are realizing
that they did dig themselves into a pile of shit,
and are really just...
I will say to Niantic's somewhat credit,
not in this situation certainly,
but it is nice to see Niantic wanting to use their game to benefit charities.
It's a worthy... I mean, they've just got to get the right charities.
One person that posted something in a response
is actually exactly how I feel.
And the thing is that they're still not acknowledging
that SARRC still has ties to Autism Speaks.
Rewording it isn't going to completely change this.
Especially the fact that Autism Speaks actually has a background
in being involved in eugenics programs.
And has for a while. It's completely disgusting.
But here's the response I like.
This is Shiroko Spooky at Yomacon.
I'm extremely disturbed to think that you'd financially support
or promote an organization dedicated to erasing people like me
through quote prevention via keeping autistic babies
from even being born simply because they're autistic
and quote treatment via shock therapy and worse.
So taking Autism Speaks out of it,
and still using another organization that works closely with them,
I don't want any of my money going to this.
So when the event is over, I will buy stuff again.
But I'm going to make 100% positive that there has been no association
if I start giving them money again.
Because they're not getting a cent from me until this is over.
Getting some comments from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Rama in chat says,
I don't think Niantic really knew how bad Autism Speaks really is.
S2100matt says,
I think Niantic's heart was in the right place,
but they just didn't do the proper research.
They've learned their lesson now.
Well, your brain needs to be in the right place.
Time will see.
So, Dr. C in chat says,
I've heard all the bullshit Autism Speaks has been up to.
I used to follow Hot Wheels on Facebook.
Hey, been a fan of the diecast car since I was little.
But then I found out they were teaming up with Autism Speaks on something,
so I was done.
So, you know, and kind of something I expressed,
we were texting about this yesterday or the day before,
I was kind of expressing shock.
I was like, well, I mean, I get that this is bothersome,
but how does this fucking charity stay afloat?
Like, that's my bigger question.
Like, how is this charity even still in existence?
So, I guess education is a big part of that.
Wasn't I saying it has a lot to do with their PR?
Probably.
You know, the fact that,
and I even have an autistic friend who says that she got a lot of assistance from them.
But, you know, and doesn't see where all the bad press is coming from,
but I'm like, how about the rest of us who have been a complete,
or, you know, there's people in other threads I've seen on there,
who when they got their diagnosis as an adult reached out for assistance
and were basically just completely ignored or told to find somebody else.
Like, in those words.
You know, it's, and the thing I like about the Autism Self Advocacy Network
is that their motto is nothing for us without us.
And there's not many things that I will get super heated about.
There are some things.
This one I feel very passionately about because
Well, sure.
And that's why I really brought up the scenario about the whole, like,
conversion therapy thing, like, trying to make an analogy.
Because if it was that, like, not that I'm not pissed off on your behalf,
but, like, I would be really pissed off if it was, like, the scenario I described.
Now that I think about it, actually it is fairly apt because, I mean,
they are doing shock therapy to autistic kids out there.
That's what they're thinking, yeah.
And even though he's one of my favorite actors, Jim Beaver,
who was on Supernatural, I reached out to him to ask about his daughter's treatment
because his daughter was, I think, non-verbal for a while.
And he's like, she's not autistic anymore.
I'm like, what the fuck do you mean she's not autistic anymore?
You never are not autistic.
It just means she's learned behavioral therapies.
You cannot cure autism.
It's not a disease.
And vaccines don't cause it.
Autism Speaks used to be on the bandwagon with that too.
I know, I know.
All right, anyway.
I'm sure we could do a whole
We have a show full of three-hour shows tonight,
but I do want to move on for now.
But, hey, if nothing else, the people listening tonight
maybe learned something tonight, so.
Won't make the same booboo as Niantic.
So, anyhow, let's move on with some more news stories.
Just a couple more, actually, and then we're going to get to the Skype line
at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And this may actually be the
No, I think we'll still have Skype next week
because I'll probably just use the iPad to work around it.
But Skype's sadly a daze with our show.
Maybe a little bit numbered.
We'll see.
Anyway, for now, for now, for now.
I'm not saying that we won't have a way to take calls one way or another.
If I have to bring back the 800 number and do that whole thing,
then we'll do it that way, but we'll work on that.
Anyway, for now, Loki.
So, there's this massive Fallout mod that's been released
called Fallout New Californians, a mod for Fallout New Vegas.
And it's finished, and you can play it now, so go check it out.
Apparently it's been a project that's been in the works for about six years now.
They have a ton of content in this.
There's 42 missions in the game, 13 different endings.
Depending on your play style, it'll take about six to eight hours
to 15 to 30 hours if you're a completionist.
The play's almost 17,000 lines of dialogue spoken by
They said about 15,000 of those, which are spoken by 60 volunteer voice actors.
Yeah, so it's awesome.
So if you're interested in checking it out, go to moddb.com slash mods slash
Fallout Project Brazil, and you'll find Fallout New California.
I'm thinking about checking this out.
Yeah, it sounds like fun.
Because I'm not picking up Fallout 76, so maybe.
A different way to experience Fallout in the next few days, I suppose.
Yeah.
Alright, I got one more Twitter fuckup for you guys to close out the news tonight,
and I'm sure you guys have heard of this one.
This one's shitty. There's really no way around this one.
It comes from goodoldgames.com, or GOGcom as they're known on Twitter.
They wrote a tweet earlier this week that said,
classic PC games hashtag won't be erased on our watch.
Yeah, how's that for some use of hashtags?
And they deleted that tweet, and the reason why that was a shitty tweet
is because hashtag won't be erased is a Twitter hashtag that has been used a lot
by the trans community in response to a lot of the news
that has come out of our government about how basically the president
and some advice counselor, I don't know all the legal names of things,
but in a nutshell, the president and the people around him want to
basically legal define his two genders that are defined by, you know,
what's in your pants, and it's gross.
And I want any trans folks out there listening to know that I support you.
You're valid. This is bullshit.
And that's why I think it pissed a lot of people off
when GOGcom decided to make a joke out of it, you know?
I mean, the second sentence there, yeah, how's that for some use of hashtags?
Fuck off. Like, how dare you? Go fucking sell games.
Like, do you think you're fucking edgy like Wendy's or Arby's or something?
That's not edgy. That is not, like, this is very-
That's cunty.
One way. But, I mean, this is a serious issue that, you know,
this is not the time. Like, if you want to look at, like,
how to, like, be ruffle feathers or whatever on Twitter,
go look up Wendy's account or something. Wendy's would not do something stupid like that.
Well, at least I hope they wouldn't. You know what I mean?
So, it was just, oh, it was really gross.
And what makes it worse, like, it would be one thing if this is the first time this has happened.
But it's not the first time this has happened.
So, the social media team at Good Old Games and CD Projekt Red,
which this all kind of runs up to, is they run the Good Old Games.
And, of course, they're making the Cyberpunk 2077,
which was where one of the other bad tweets came from, was that account.
The social management at this team, like, needs, like, a good, hard, scolding, probably firing,
but, you know, some serious education on how to conduct themselves online
and what is and what isn't appropriate.
And there's a lot of people calling for some serious change over there.
Or they're going to pay for it in other ways, such as the fact that, as a result of this,
the makers of Journey Quest, Zombie Orpheus, cancelled their contract with Good Old Games.
They, as soon as, you know, this happened again, they basically said, the CEO Ben Dobbins said,
quote, the harm that hate speech does to people who are under immense threat from governments,
private individuals and corporations is incalculable.
It's downright sociopathic to demean our friends and allies in this way.
There's absolutely nothing funny about any of it.
And that's the same reason why I won't buy any of the Witcher games or that new Cyberpunk game coming out.
That company has done the same shit, too.
Yeah, well, I mean, I would be a little more comfortable buying that stuff because here's the thing.
Like, the social media team is bonkers crazy with this stuff.
I don't want that to invalidate necessarily the hard work of all these people that are making the game,
the hundreds of other people.
But that social media stuff needs to change and it needs to be communicated to us how it's going to change.
And if that doesn't happen, then we have no other choice.
But I'm not going to give my money to a company that thinks it's OK to do that.
And honestly, I...
Right, and they need to come out in very plain language and not these runaround tweets.
They come out in very plain language and say how it's going to be different, in my opinion.
I'm not going to support a company that allows that, even for the sake of the employees, I'm sorry.
Because they're just going to, if we keep doing that, they're going to keep doing that shit.
You have to vote with your money.
Fair enough.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, GOG needs to delete their account.
That would be a good resolution as well.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, I was pretty shocked when I read this story.
And dartitsuya says, I remember that one about Cyber 2077 months ago.
It was probably the same asshole.
Yeah, so...
If you're going to do social media, like, remember you are representing a whole company.
And stop being edgy for clicks.
And if, like, don't...
Like, if you're going to be edgy, do it the way Wendy's does it by talking shit about McDonald's.
That's funny.
This? Not funny.
So, anyway.
What's your favorite Wendy's tweet?
I don't know.
Probably, you know, the most famous tweet of all time or the most retweeted was the guy that asked for the chicken nuggets from Wendy's.
I guess that was as annoying as that whole thing, I think, ended up becoming.
I think that was a pretty epic thing on Wendy's behalf. I don't know.
What happened with that? Did he get his chicken nuggets?
I think he did get his chicken nuggets, yeah.
But he actually tweeted Wendy's and was like, how many for free McNuggets, or not McNuggets, but whatever, just free nuggets for life or whatever.
And Wendy's said it was, I don't know, 18 million.
And he got, like, really close.
And Wendy's, I think, gave him the free nuggets anyway.
And I'm sure it was all done on the Ellen show, because that's how these things always resolve themselves.
Anyway.
We are going to open up the Skype line right now.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight, or perhaps something else, while we wait to see if any calls come in.
I don't know if we have any last minute stories.
There was some pictures of some prototypes that apparently Microsoft's been working on as far as controllers that would attach to some sort of phone or tablet device to go along with this whole streaming service that they were going to be doing, the Project X cloud.
So they have some prototypes that show, like, some controller things that look neat.
I mean, looks like they might be comfy.
It kind of reminds me a little bit of, like, the Switch dock a little bit.
Because they have, you know, basically this piece that goes in the middle that you put the two halves into to charge it.
And they would just clip on the side of your phone or whatever.
I could see that, I guess.
So curious where Microsoft's going to go for their next console.
I wonder if they're really going to try to do something a little more radical with their next console.
Like, you know, how, like, Nintendo did the whole, you know, take it anywhere you go type of thing.
Like, what is Microsoft going to try to do something that really sells that ecosystem with PC?
Or, like, what are they going to do for their next consoles?
Because I think we all expect that PlayStation 5 is just going to be, like, more PlayStation 4, but, like, more parts.
You know, that whole type of thing.
You know, maybe VR integrated a little more or something.
But, you know, it's interesting to guess where Microsoft's going to go next.
I'm just curious where everything's going to go.
Because, I don't know.
You know, we'll probably have it all figured out by the time we get to episode 1,000.
Probably will.
Who would have thought that the MECO is going to take over the market and become the dominating force of everything?
Who would have thought?
Who would have thought?
Do you think this show's going to get to 1,000 episodes?
Probably.
How many years is it going to take to do 200?
That's about five more years of episodes.
So we've got five more years left in us?
Yeah.
What the hell?
We have to make sure all the kids are old enough to take over the show properly once we're done.
We have to make sure, like, Julian, whoever else's kids wants to come in, take over the show.
That they're, like, 18 and they're good to take it over.
So.
Fuck if I won't let those kids take over the show.
Over my dead body!
Let's see.
Oh, Mega Man X400 says, I tried calling on Skype and it doesn't seem like it's working.
Uh oh, that's not good.
We should let Midna and Smoosh do the show.
Let me.
I'm going to restart Skype.
Actually, one thing I always do is I try to call for my phone.
I'm going to try calling for my phone and see if that works.
And then if it doesn't, I'll give it a good old trusty reboot.
This is going to be meh.
Meh.
So, in Google Fit news, apparently it's not compatible with the Fitbit.
So they can fuck right off because.
Really?
How the fuck am I going to track?
You have two apps open to track mileage?
Fuck that shit.
Seriously.
Okay, yeah, I just called the Skype line and it worked fine.
Just make sure you're using Orange Launch Radio, all one word, on Skype.
And it should work.
But we'll see.
But I did call a test just now and it worked.
Any other stories you want to get to, Loki?
There's speculation that the PlayStation 5 will have a built-in VR functionality to let players track their movement without an external device.
Hmm.
So, apparently according to some patent information.
Interesting.
That's neat, I guess.
There was an exploit in Grand Theft Auto 5 that allowed hackers to kill people in single player.
If you're connected to Rockstar Social Club.
Because apparently they were hacking using the admin tools that apparently they had super user powers that could do all sorts of shenanigans.
And that did get patched out, thankfully.
But it was a thing.
Yeah, multiplayer mode is no fun to be fucking around with on that stuff.
But this was single player though, this was not multiplayer mode.
Oh, I thought it was multiplayer mode.
This was in single player that people were getting hacked.
Yikes.
If they were, you know, online.
Oh dear.
So, yeah, not fun there either.
Glad they closed that out.
Yooka-Laylee's getting a 64-bit mode.
It's gonna look like Nintendo 64 or Banjo-Kazooie since, I mean, that is what it's kind of...
So it's getting a retro filter.
Inspired by, yeah.
Retro filter with all of the blurry, low-resolution assets.
Fantastic.
So that's kind of neat, I guess.
Another completely random thought.
I was looking at release dates coming out.
And did you know that the same day Smash Brothers comes out on the Switch, Katamari comes out as well.
Oh no, I didn't realize they shared the same day.
And it's on PC, so I'm totally picking that bump on PC.
The Katamari game's on PC.
It says it's on PC.
Oh, that's great.
I'm excited for that.
Because I'm looking for mods.
Fuck yeah, new levels.
Hell yes.
Yeah, they're gonna mod the shit out of that.
Other people will fucking support that shit.
They'll break that shit apart and make it awesome.
Oh, that's really exciting about PC.
We rolling up giant dicks in no time.
What to do, mods on PC or portability on Switch?
It's hard to decide.
You buy the Switch version, then you wait for the sale on PC because Switch games never fucking go on sale.
Okay.
You can just do that and you get both.
Alright.
That's some critical thinking.
I like that.
Dark Sakura, when are we gonna get to see you next here in studio?
Another fourth Sunday.
Another fourth Sunday.
Alright.
We'll see.
Well, I think, I don't know if Skype is broken or what.
Even though I just did a test call, it worked fine.
Something must be going on.
So it's nice to see Skype on Windows XP going out with a whimper.
Oh, and then of course.
Here on episode 750.
With us, there was a big ol' 4chan Smash Brothers rumors thing this week.
You know, allegedly there was artwork, marketing artwork that was leaked,
showing the full banner with all the characters in there.
It's crazy the amount of investigation.
The blurry guesses based on what they saw.
Shadow, the Hedgehog, Banjo-Kazooie, Isaac, Ken, Mock Rider, Geno, and Chorus Kids.
We'll see.
I mean, coming from 4chan.
Come on.
Come on.
We're only a few months away.
Alright.
We'll just wait and see.
I know, that's where my head is at.
Is it like, you know, oh they've got these, you know, leaks and things and all this analysis.
There's been so many fake leaks anyways.
Remember the whole Rayman leaked in with the last version of Smash that Rayman was gonna be in the game?
Is it really going to change your perception on if you're gonna buy the game or not?
Like, are you really gonna change your mind based on these last character leaks?
No.
Like, you know, all the people whooping and hollering.
If Geno isn't in the game, I'm not gonna buy it.
It's like, yeah right.
Yeah right.
Hey, we got a call coming in.
I'm sure this person is helping us test the line or something, but let's see.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
I think it works.
It does work.
I knew it worked.
I don't know what's going on.
Hey Bobby, how you doing?
I'm doing well.
How are you?
Good.
It's the host of the one and only Bobby Blackwell Show here on our show.
That's right.
That's right.
We'll let us in at the end of your show, but it's nice to have you here, especially
on a big episode number like this.
Yes.
Yes.
750.
This was a momentous episode.
It was.
Just because.
It was.
They're all momentous episodes.
Very special.
We did a lot of special things.
Yes.
What's on your mind tonight?
Nothing.
I'm actually just trying to get stuff to work on Windows 10.
Because trying to get a microphone to work with no delay, that's the thing that kills
me.
Oh yeah.
That's the thing that's always made me nervous about the Windows 10 upgrade is the whole
delay and all that stuff, but there's a whole, but then money and that you're locked into
one system, but garage band is better.
I don't know for what we do with live.
I don't think it is.
If this were taped.
Absolutely.
It would work great for life.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Especially with the, with the, with the Twitch and all that other stuff.
I don't know.
It's gonna be the right option.
I know how to make it all work.
Come up with a proposal.
We'll look into it.
All right.
Kajudo in chat says, my mic never delayed on Windows 10.
I, I think it's because this is the onboard one.
Cause like I'm seeing like other things that are like, well, if you use a different sound
card, so I may like when I build a new machine, actually put like a special, a different sound
card in there and that may help.
Cause that's what I've got in my Windows 7 machine.
Yeah.
So, so, and I don't think my work would let me use my Mac laptop for this type of stuff
because that's the only Mac I have.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, and I was going to say, um, Oh, uh, with the, the, with all the windows stuff I was
looking into, I was going to look at getting a USB sound blaster.
Cause my last idea was getting a laptop, you know, because they make laptops that are beefier
than what we run OLR on now.
So get a laptop, use an, uh, USB, uh, sound blaster card with it.
Get kind of redo the mixing board to go all digital with it and a little more cause we
can probably scale it down.
We have like a full on like music, like mixing board.
It probably doesn't need to be as good as what we have.
Kind of scale that back and make it digital.
And I think it, I think it'll be great for, um, OLR.
Yeah.
I'm looking at all this stuff too.
Yeah.
So it's going to be, uh, going to be some big changes ahead, but, uh, hopefully we'll
be able to get that settled in the next month or so.
Probably it's something I'm going to be looking to do during like the Thanksgiving break.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
And everybody's like, my mic didn't delay in windows 10.
What's happening?
What happens is like when I'm listening to it with headphones, cause I like to hear my
own levels, uh, in windows seven, it's, I just hear myself and it's not, it doesn't
mess me up or anything.
I'm like, I'm just a little louder in my ears, which is great in windows 10 and windows eight
actually.
Cause my laptop is windows eight still cause I never upgraded it to 10 cause it couldn't.
I didn't have hardware drivers for it.
It would be just, it's like not even a full second off.
It's like maybe like a fourth of a second.
It's like 200 milliseconds maybe.
That's when it would come back and it's just enough of an echo to mess with you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we have, I mean like here in studio, we don't use headphones.
We actually have like speakers, but technically our own voices go out through the speakers.
Thankfully there's no lag.
So it just kind of sounds like our voices are amplified here in the room a little bit,
but it's how we hear you guys on Skype and the various onboard noises and those very
limited places where we do like YouTube's or let's say the intro, I guess the intro
is something that's every week, you know, or the little music beds that happen over
classic of the week.
We can hear all that in studio and that kind of helps us a lot.
Yeah.
And Kajudo says, you know, use virtual audio cables.
You can set the delay.
The problem is you can't delay it back in time.
You can delay it forward in time, but not necessarily back in time.
So if virtual audio cables doesn't get it until a hundred milliseconds after it's
come out of your mouth, there's nothing it can do to make it go back a hundred milliseconds.
Right.
Unless you're the doctor.
Which may be the only way.
Yeah.
So it's a fun, but like music producers have this issue all the time.
And so they've been talking about this because it's very hard to do karaoke like this.
Yes.
For instance.
And, you know, anybody that tries to like record music has these kind of issues.
And I know Mac is better on this stuff, but I can't afford a Mac.
So and I've got a Mac here and I'm sure it would work great, but my work would really
get upset at me for using my Mac.
You have to separate work and play.
I know people though who do all their stuff off Mac minis.
I'm running Logic Pro X.
So just, and I already own a copy, so.
What was it?
I was looking in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw does point out that the virtual audio cable is good for audio, but not for video.
So, and that's obviously an important direction for the future of what we're doing as well.
So it's got to be able to do both, which is what we're looking into.
So.
I was trying to set something up to stream tonight from that machine.
And I'm not sure if it's done yet or not, but I finally like, I'm like, okay, I don't
monitor myself when I'm streaming video, so it'll be fine.
But I hadn't actually hooked up one of my good mics to this machine yet.
So I was trying to play around with that.
I'm like, can I get the delay done?
Because this is a fast enough computer.
Why don't you tell us a little bit about the stream after the show tonight, even though
I know it's a podcast and they'll miss it.
Please pimp your stream.
So I was considering if I can get everything set up, and I don't have, because I haven't
hooked up this camera to it yet, and I finally got that working.
Yeah, Windows 10 thankfully turns off all the privacy on your microphone and your camera,
so other apps can't access it.
It's off by default, or at least it was for me.
So I'm like, why can't I see my webcam in OBS?
And that's why.
So, pro tip if you can't get it working.
But I just got Forza Horizon 4 on my PC up here.
So I've been playing it in 4K on the Xbox One, but I've got it on the PC, so I think
I may be able to stream it tonight, and if anybody wants to Horizon Convoy or something,
we can meet up in Discord or something and try to do some multiplayer.
I tried to do some multiplayer.
I jumped into Brad from PodCulture's game, and he immediately was like, no, I don't play
online with other people.
And so I was like, okay.
Well, you can play however you want to play, that's right.
Yep.
He's like, I didn't realize I was online, and he just went offline.
Yep.
What was I going to say with all that stuff too?
Oh, make sure of course you're following Bobby over on Twitch, and I need to level myself
up on Forza to get all to that stuff, because I've kind of slacked on Forza 4.
Yeah, I'm still not going there yet either.
Yeah, so I'll probably need to play some of that this week to at least unlock that stuff.
We could probably still do an adventure mode thing or something, I don't know.
Yeah, maybe.
I don't know if I'll be around tonight.
I think I'm doing an errand after the show, so.
But, I wish you success with your stream, and of course, you know, thanks.
I know you haven't been there for all 750 episodes, but honestly, you've been there
for the majority of them, and it's always fantastic having you around, Bobby.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Best of luck with your show, and we'll talk to you next week.
All right.
Just not on Skype and Windows XP.
No.
All right.
Later.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
I wanted to get to a question in our chat room, because Mega Man X or Delvin was trying
to get in.
He couldn't, so he wanted to ask a question kind of like over this, so I'll get to this.
He says, I guess I will ask my question here to you guys.
What are your guys' thoughts on the increase in IRL streams on Twitch?
With TwitchCon this weekend, I was able to watch a few people streaming from there, and
I felt like I...
Excuse me.
I felt like I was there.
LOL.
I should have watched more streams from TwitchCon.
I didn't even think to do that, but again, I was really busy yesterday, so I didn't really
have time to do it either.
What do you guys think about watching IRL streams and how IRL is really growing a presence
on Twitch?
I don't know quite what you mean by IRL.
Like real life stuff?
Yeah.
Non-gaming.
Yeah.
Non-gaming.
Like people...
ASMR is really growing.
So here's the funny thing.
When I first did my experimental stream, I was like, okay, I'm going to stream myself
playing DDR, so I did it with my phone using the Twitch app.
Guess what?
You can only do IRL crap in there.
You can't categorize the stream as gaming, so I had to do...
I think I did like dancing or something, because there was no way for me to say, I'm playing
a fucking game, you asshole.
Like put game on here.
But yeah, you can only do IRL stuff on there, so I don't know.
I don't watch any of this stuff, but neat, I guess.
I mean, I could see myself like...
Eventually when I get set up, it'd be fun to build Legos and shit on stream, and I know
people do that.
They'll put together sets and stuff, and that would be fun.
I'd be down for that.
I used to draw on livestream.
I'm not the biggest fan of like a talking head just sitting there reading their chat
and answering questions.
I don't like...
I don't think that content is particularly compelling for me.
I know there's a lot of feeds that do that, and if you're having success with that, good
for you.
It's just not compelling for me.
But I am loving the game show stuff, right?
I mentioned a few weeks ago we had Buzzer is really growing over on Twitch.
That's something I really like to watch, so I like the TV stuff that's growing more and
more.
We do have another call coming in, so I do want to get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on, everyone?
It is Ranma.
Hey, Ranma.
It's good to hear from you.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
It's good to hear from Oli.
We have an entire squad back together, you know?
Like, live concert, one-night-only type, you know?
I like my laser discs.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It is.
It's a bummer we can't do this every week, but I mean, life sucks sometimes.
It is what it is.
We work around the challenges life gives us.
I know.
I mean, I've been doing my show via Skype for like the last five years, and we do have
to rotate people out here and there, so you know.
We just roll with it.
Yep, you gotta roll with it.
A couple of things.
I'll be on my merry little way.
Number one, I'm a former band geek.
Nice.
You're in good company.
I played the trombone from grade four to seven.
Okay, good call.
That's around, I played the clarinet from around six to twelve.
Good lord, you don't want to know how long I was doing band.
Your whole life.
I started on alto sax in sixth grade.
Moved on to contra alto clarinet in seventh grade.
Played tenor sax, alto clarinet, contra alto clarinet.
Went into jazz band in college and played in symphony for three years.
I was at the University of South Alabama.
Nerd.
And then I moved right here, and my saxophone got destroyed in Hurricane Katrina.
Oh, that's depressing.
Yeah, I loaned it to somebody who was a wind major.
Bastards.
How dare they?
Well, I mean, you know, it's not much you can do about the hurricane, but my clarinet is long gone.
I think it ended up going to one of my nieces who doesn't even talk to me, so whatever.
Whatever is what it is.
I was about to say the same thing, but moving right along with the whole Skype thing.
Oh, good lord almighty.
What? What are you having a laugh about?
Just laughing from what you're stressing with.
I lived it, and it was not fun.
When Microsoft said Skype 7 was being discontinued, I'm like, okay.
I had to find out all of my stuff, which version of Windows everybody's running, and figure shit out.
And I'm like, let's try doing this show on Discord.
Within the first ten minutes of it live, the lag was just atrocious.
During the musical break, we jumped back onto Skype and just rolled with it.
Because at that time, they were still trying to make Skype 8 a little bit nicer, a little bit better.
But now it's good.
The only thing is that it automatically adjusts your volume when you're talking.
And I keep disabling that, but it turns itself back off.
I hate that. Why do things turn themselves back on?
I will say this. When I play back the episode in the edits, it's solid going across, so I can't complain.
I know some podcasters are going to Discord, and Discord actually has a robot out there that you can download.
It's not an official Discord thing, but it'll actually help you record podcasts, which is interesting.
It's not great for live, but for the recorded stuff, it's another option.
Had. My other podcast, we used that.
Come to find out, I wasn't getting links to the episodes that they were recording.
Come to find out, the people running that bot shut it down.
Oh no.
Yeah, so now if I can't record the show, whoever's on it has to either fire up Audition or Audacity to record it.
Dump it to me in OneDrive or Dropbox, and I do the edits and upload.
But I will say this. When you're going to Windows 10 and Skype, you may have to definitely switch to a USB mixer or a USB sound card.
Because I notice with a lot of regular sound cards, when recording, it doesn't pick up both sides of the conversation.
I mean, but it's not that bad.
I know, but do you see why I've been stuck on Windows XP this whole time? Because it works. It works for what I need it for.
I know, but when you're not trying to shill, not trying to shill, when you step into 10, you're going to be like, why haven't I not done this before?
Uh, maybe. I'll be more like, everything is different in herp derp technology.
Well, you have my number. You know you can message me or call me anytime and I'll give you that text support.
I know. Anytime about anything?
Oh, you know it, baby.
Uh, Rob, anything else in your mind tonight?
Uh, no, that's it. No, that's basically it. I'm just getting ready for the work week and how we do, you know.
Alright, well best of luck. At least you got Halloween this week, so something to mix it up a little.
Halloween and three bottles of booze in the freezer.
Sounds good. Alright, take care my friend. I'm going to let you go.
You too. And Rob, stay fabulous.
I always do.
That's what I'm talking about, honey.
Bye.
Alright, I think that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight and we're going to wrap up the show tonight.
As we always say though at the end of OLR, if you enjoyed what you heard, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if the voices are here to air out there and spread around the world.
So, please help us spread the word of Orange D'Andrea because clearly we're not going away anytime soon.
Thank you as always again for listening and participating with the show tonight, whether it was live here at the Voice Gees Network or via our podcast feed.
A nice five star review wherever you found this show at a place like iTunes or wherever you're listening to this show.
Those go a very long way, so please help us out. We would really appreciate it with some good reviews for OLR.
Dark Sakura, thank you for being here tonight. Missed having you live in studio, although many people don't realize you're actually in studio.
You're just not here Sunday nights. You're usually here on Friday or something, making some magic with the radio.
It was nice to have you here on a Sunday night.
It's good to be back. I'm just really kind of tired of how my schedule is working.
Yeah, I understand.
We'll see what happens.
But look at you. You're a career girl and things are moving in the direction you want to.
February is when our next change is, so we'll see what happens.
Fingers and toes crossed. Well, any final thoughts for our listeners in the meantime?
Um, your cat's loud.
I know. Did you just hear Alan yelling?
Shut up.
That's good.
I gotta go to the grocery store too to get butter for more cookies.
More cookies. My final thought tonight is thank you, Dark Sakura, for the Girl Scout Cookie Thin Mint Coffee.
Yes, the moment I saw that, I was like, heck yeah.
Fantastic. And just what I needed this evening.
Awesome.
Last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, I guess I'm going to try to figure out how to install Fourth Mix Plus on my machine this week.
And I'm going to work on my step mania setup to also get that installed at some point.
And then, um, follow me on Twitch. Twitch.tv slash Loki O-L-R.
Alright.
So we can get that affiliate status for some reason.
For biddies.
For biddies, I guess.
They just gave it to me for no reason.
Because you're special.
But I'll be streaming tomorrow, hopefully. Yeah, I've been trying to stream every day.
Like, Friday, this is my, I guess I'm just not used to, because I've been playing more difficult songs.
I've been playing heavy songs, which I may cut back on that a little bit, because I've been failing a lot of that shit.
Because especially doing, like, I'm not used to playing for like an hour straight playing, you know, heavy non-stop songs.
Because it's four songs in a row, just non-stop.
Like in the other day, I had like, hey, it's Paranoid Evolution, followed by somewhat of an easier song, followed by, you know, um.
Oh god, what the fuck was it?
It was, um, some other fucking hard Fifth Mix song.
Um, so I was just like, okay, I can't, like, I literally feel like my heart's gonna explode at some point.
So not to die on stream, I have to stop what I'm doing.
Good call.
You know.
But, so, let me kick it back a little bit easier.
But, Fourth Mix, you know, there's gonna be plenty to go through.
Um, I don't know if I'll have it installed tomorrow, but, um, I'll read up on it.
I still have to burn the disc for it, so.
Well, actually, I technically have Fourth Mix, I think I actually have a legit Fourth Mix, plus I have almost all the mixes in a box next to the machine that you can't see off-screen.
But, um, I could probably reinstall those, but.
Alright.
Superdisc.
Alright, uh, that's it.
We're gonna see you in seven days, and we'll do this all over again with another episode of OLR.
Until then, happy gaming, have a safe week, and don't be a dick to people online.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
you
