What does a KFC Double Down and 70 Dollar Games have in common? Both of them exist because people think they're valuable. The Double Down Cross Diablo 4 shenanigans are rumored to be coming back giving you quote unquote free in-game cosmetics while your IRL1s are staying. The saving grace for me is that my closest KFC closed down in April. I was planning on trying out a Double Down for the first time and giving my coat away to a friend. Oops. This is your greasy finger update.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell me more about these and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay.
Yeah.
I'm a little tired.
I was gonna say, I've been reading on social media your increased ballet activity and this working out you're doing to support that.
It doesn't help that some feline in my house named Midna woke me up by smacking wood blinds around.
That's not nice.
But I got up and is armed a gun show.
Hey, now that should be a point redeemed. All right.
It is a redeem in my channel.
Is it? Okay, that's good.
Yeah, no, seriously.
I put it in there for Fixie because Fixie mentioned it, so I put it in there.
We need to think about point redeems here at VOG Network.
We used to do the collection plates for the special streams and technically we still, we still, I know we still owe the listeners a foodie.
I'm sorry, everybody, but you know, the drama that happened there, we'll, we'll, we'll get on scheduling that.
Maybe it can be a thing for our anniversary because believe it or not, I was just looking at the calendar today and we're less than, we're less than a month away from our 21st anniversary.
This show will be old enough to drink.
That's right.
You know what that means, Rob?
What?
You know what that means?
What?
We, we might have to do a drunk show revival.
I, I, I may have a libation or two on the show, but I have to work the next day.
I can't drink like that anymore though.
I know.
I can't.
Yeah, not the way we used to here.
Uh, but maybe.
I mean, just physically, I don't have an actual stomach anymore.
Maybe we can give all of our drinks to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Although I don't think you drink much these days anymore either.
No, not really.
I have to steal Loki's waffles again.
I did eventually buy you waffles.
Those are some good times.
Um, uh, dark to see in chat.
Uh, I'm, I'm curious if you happen to know what episode number that
particular show we keep referencing was, cause I know it's deep within the
archives, um, it was episode number something, uh, I love this comment from
Fixie in our chat or fixation gaze to use the legal name, uh, saying a point
redeem for news stories, like picking a topic.
I love that idea, but to be fair, we, we let people do that for free.
Uh, if you want to submit topic ideas are like a coffee talk.
Yeah.
Our, our discord is always open.
You know, we don't, we don't require the point redeems for that, but I do
love the idea in theory, but then Fixie goes on to say, uh, Oh wow.
This show is only a year-ish older than me.
Okay.
Now, now you can leave.
Thank you.
Thank you, but please stop immediately.
I'm just kidding.
Don't leave.
Mentally.
I haven't aged at all.
I know.
I know it's, it's so funny.
Like I'm, you know, around the time that this show turns 21, uh, I will turn 45.
Uh, so I have a multiple of five birthday coming up, which I guess those are kind
of big deals, I guess, depending on, you know, how you view those types of things.
And you know, it's kind of one of those things where it's like, you know, now that
I'm halfway to 50 in this decade, it's like, do I feel older?
It's like, not really like actually, no, you know what it was?
I wrote this on a blue sky or Twitter or one of those this week.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
So there's a, I'm not going to get into politics too much tonight.
I promise.
However, there is a certain really ugly political candidate who threw their hat in
the ring for president this week.
And if you think about one of the ugliest people you've ever seen on TV, you'll know
exactly who I'm talking about.
Here's the wild orange or is it the other one?
No, they're not orange, but they got married at Disneyland and then never went
again or Disney world, excuse me.
And then never went again.
Apparently, um, that is blasphemous.
Anyhow, I don't want to get into that, but what I do want to get into is that that
guy is like six months younger than me.
Here's the thing I said, thank you.
Thank you.
Like, look, I'm humble.
I try not to have a gigantic ego.
I know people joke about it, but I try to be humble and everything, but I know, I
know I'm way better looking than that guy, but here it is.
Here's my seat.
I'm going to tell you, here's my secret and dark soccer.
I know you share the secret.
Do you know what the secret is to staying young and good looking?
I'll be a deuce bag.
Support trans rights.
That's, that's it.
That's it.
If you support, I thought mine was spite.
No, if you support trans rights, it will keep you young and good looking.
If you don't, then you're going to look like, you know, who?
Her.
That one, that person that shall not be named.
So there it is.
Hushido.
All right.
Except to have a friend named Hushido, so nevermind.
Anyway, all right.
I promise.
I also, I also think spite though, does help.
Yes.
Spite, spite helps a little bit.
Um, anyway, and there's this whole talk on social media about pride month, and
there are certain people on Twitter who are always hating, who took this pride
month and they turned it into a graphic where as it goes down, pride month,
pride month, and then in the bottom, it says demon in rainbow.
And I'm like, they really thought they owned us with that graphic, but never
have I wanted a t-shirt more than the big demon energy that pride month brings us.
I'm going to make it.
Just you wait.
I will make that.
Just be careful because I believe there may actually be a, um, trans artist who's
claiming that they actually came up with that idea first.
So I, but, but take, take a look on social media and find out or put your own twist
on it.
I'll do it in another language.
Ah, there you go.
All right.
That works.
Um, anyway, uh, let's get to the show.
We're going to get to some of those, uh, big announcements from the PlayStation
showcase this week, but first we actually have a special message.
I mentioned, uh, Bobby Black Wolf was not here at the voice of geeks network
tonight because he is currently out in Minneapolis at the summer games done
quick.
I almost wanted to say convention, but it's not really convention.
It's, you know, charity fundraiser that's con adjacent, but the way it was also
explained to me is that it's very much like a cruise, but not floating in the
water because it's, you know, that week of programming that apparently there's
excursions for people wanting to go into downtown Minneapolis and all this stuff.
So, yeah.
So anyway, we have a special video message from the one and only Bobby
Black Wolf, uh, filmed earlier today, live in Minneapolis going to give us a
little look behind the scenes.
Sorry to my cohost.
You're not going to hear this as it plays, but we'll summarize this on the
other side.
So let's turn it over to Bobby Black Wolf at summer games done quick.
Hello, orange launch radio, Bobby Black Wolf here.
Sorry.
I couldn't be there tonight.
Sorry.
I allowed you to actually start on time, but I am at summer games done quick 20,
23 in beautiful downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota.
I am once again, hosting in person, one of the 22 hosts really looking forward
to it, but I wanted to give you a little bit of a taste, a look of what it looks
like here at, uh, it's kind of a convention, but not really, but this week
long event, uh, some of the arcade machines have already gotten in.
There's going to be more arcade machines loaded in today and tomorrow.
Uh, so when, if you tune into my show, the Bobby Black Wolf show next week, you
will see more of what things look like as the week progresses.
They're still kind of in the setup mode.
Now, if you want to catch me on the air, I am going to be working on Monday
morning at around 11 AM Eastern, 8 AM Pacific alien swarm attack on Titan two
and crisis core final fantasy seven reunion.
And then Tuesday night at around 11 PM Eastern 8 PM Pacific, I'm going to be
hosting for silent Hill, home, poor and signal us.
Now you've probably never heard of silent Hill home poor.
You've heard of homecoming and downpour.
Well, silent Hill downpour has.
No skippable cut scenes, unskippable cut scenes.
So they play silent Hill homecoming during the cut scenes of downpour, and
they can actually finish homecoming twice during the unskippable cut scenes of
downpour, so that's going to be a lot of fun.
Uh, so check them out over at games done quick.com or over at
twitch.tv slash games done quick donations, go to doctors without borders.
Uh, so, uh, get, get some donations in if you are able, but if not, at least enjoy
the marathon, I'll let you get back to orange lounge radio now.
All right.
Thank you so much, Bobby black Wolf for that report from Minneapolis where
summer games done quick is going on.
Now I'm actually told, and he did say that I could repeat this.
So when I first saw the video and you could see, I'm sorry to the podcast
listeners, you can't see the visuals, but he was actually showing the arcade there.
And there was lots of great machines there and folks in chat are noticing
that as well.
Uh, the tiger class has the F zero X run in the background.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's the actual speeder on those playing behind Bobby.
But, um, you could actually see some of those arcade machines.
I saw like a UB there's a DDR machine, but it was really spaced out.
And I was like, wow.
Are they still doing the COVID spacing that they were doing last year?
Even, you know, now I know they are taking still a lot of COVID precautions.
Like everybody in that audience who was not on stage was still masked.
So that's, that's great that they're still, you know, taking those types of
precautions, but I was a little surprised they didn't fill in the room more.
However, what I'm told, and I am allowed to repeat this, apparently there's an
anime convention going on across the street at a convention center and all of
the machines are there.
So as the anime convention finishes, they will then relocate over to summer
games done quick.
So what you saw in the video was really only about a quarter of what they plan
on having there at summer games done quick, but you know, it's not really all
about the arcade there on site because obviously all of us are participating on
the internet and so forth, watching the various speed runs.
I noticed there, we got to see that first Sonic run of the day was being played
there and you could see kind of what that looked like there in studio.
So that was really cool.
So thanks very much.
DJ Rama S says, what anime con?
Anime Minneapolis?
I guess, I don't know, but it's, he said it's at a convention center across the
street.
So yeah.
Dark Tetsuya says, I did spot the theater at the arcade.
Heck yeah, I saw that too.
That's awesome.
As J-100 Matt says, GDQ is a nerd bucket list thing to attend in person.
Yeah, I think it would be a lot of fun as well.
It's kind of a bummer.
They seem to always do it at East Coast sites.
I'd love if there was like a Vegas one or something was a little closer to our side,
but it is what it is.
I'd still love to get to one someday.
Maybe not the whole week, but a few days just to enjoy it.
And you know, cause I know that they apparently still do panels.
I don't know if they're doing them this year.
I would assume they are, you know, some of those types of things as well.
So, but again, you can participate from the comfort of your own home.
You just head on over to their channel over at Games Done Quick.
And again, Bobby will be on the stream doing some announcing tomorrow morning
and Tuesday morning, as he mentioned there in the message.
So break a leg, Bobby Black Wolf.
And if the convention does not break 3 million, then break the other leg as
well.
No, I'm just kidding.
Every dollar raised is incredible for Doctors Without Borders.
All right.
Also, I do want to mention Bobby Black Wolf will be back next week to talk all
about that because Bobby and us here at OLR, we do tape live every Sunday night.
We are at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show at eight o'clock Eastern, five o'clock Pacific here at the
Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
That's V-O-G Network.
And of course, you can chat along with us and our show just like folks are in our
chat tonight.
All right, moving on with gaming topics that happened throughout the week, we're
going to get caught up on some of the news we missed last week, but there was a
pretty big bombshell, I guess, drop this week on us, a little bit of a surprise
announcement of sorts.
I don't know.
I thought it was kind of a surprise.
It caught me off guard a little bit, but PlayStation announced one of their state
of play announcements for Thursday, and they actually announced quite a bit of
stuff here.
I'm going to ask Loki to give us the rundown here in just a moment, but I mean,
they even talked about new hardware, kind of, kind of, so we'll talk.
Yeah, yeah, kind of, big, yeah, but we'll talk a little bit about that, but, you
know, that was essentially, I mean, I don't know if that's their E3 replacement
presentation, but it very well could have been, although rumor is on social media,
this is however much you want to invest on social media rumors or not, take it or
leave it, that they are planning another one for later in the summer.
I would assume, I would say it would make sense to see something else July or
August, but this is probably what we're getting in lieu of the early June E3
timeframe announcements, but anything can happen.
Anything's possible.
It's still...
Oh, but how about just, you know, E3 into the sun and rebrand it?
Well, I mean, some would consider Geoff Keighley's Summer Game Fest is that, and
I would assume Sony will probably drop a couple things at Summer Game Fest as
well, I think, I think that's probably a guarantee.
So there's still more to come, but we got a lot out of this.
Loki, walk us through some of the big announcements here.
Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of big announcements at the, well, it wasn't
really a state of play, it was a PlayStation Showcase.
Oh, excuse me, pick, pick a fucking name and stick with it, y'all.
Pick a name.
Well, it's more of the, the different state of plays are a little bit shorter,
whereas like the Showcase is like a much longer thing.
Like the last time they did one was back in 2021.
So things that they show.
So it was an E3 replacement then, if they're calling it a showcase.
Yeah, yeah, basically.
So they had lots of game trailers and announcements, some brand
new kind of live surface games.
So we had fair game or yes, it's fair games with a dollar sign.
It was, I guess, because punctuation makes everything more hardcore.
Excuse me, hardcore exclamation point.
It's OK. The dollar sign is to represent all the microtransactions, right?
You want to be punctual with your punctuation?
Yeah, I'm sure it's I'm sure the dollar signs just represent
all the microtransactions in the game.
But apparently it's about, I guess, groups of people who are robbing
some sort of corporation or like industrial thing or something like that.
It's just, I don't know, neat, neat looking.
It's going to be coming out on PlayStation five and PC.
We had a was this the game from Jade Raymond Studio?
I think I think that was the other big deal around.
This was this was the Jade Raymond Studio game.
Was it? I don't know.
I believe so.
What studio was it? It was.
Yeah, it is Haven Studios.
Yep. OK, so that's that's the other reason
this is kind of bumped up, because, you know, her influence
has a lot of clout in the industry.
So people are very curious what she's been up to since
she came and went from Stadia.
I don't think she ended up doing anything at Stadia, honestly,
but I don't blame her the way that whole ship sailed.
So, yeah, good for her.
Sorry, you know, all the Stadia shade is directed at a Mr.
Phil Harrison. That's it.
Mm hmm. Anyway, bring in the Shadia. Yeah.
So what else we had?
I think there's some additional shooter games that they had as well.
Helldivers two look pretty cool.
That's not a shooter, though.
That's a top down third person.
Well, I guess it's still a third person shooter,
but I guess this one is.
Yeah, it's going to be a third person shooter, whereas the original was
like a top down shooter.
So it looks a little bit different.
I thought it looked kind of cool, actually.
I never played the original.
What else? So Ghostrunner two looked pretty awesome.
So it took the kind of like wall running and like futuristic cyberpunk
swordplay from the original game
and added a motorcycle because that is just awesome.
You know, I love the idea of riding a motorcycle
down a giant like cyberpunk building.
And apparently it's something you can do in the game.
So looks cool.
So it's now a Biden ghost writer.
Kind of a little bit, a little, a little bit,
a little bit of spirit of vengeance and heads being on fire. Right.
What else? So we have it.
Immortals of Avium,
which is a first person wizard combat game, look kind of neat.
Yeah, I have to say, as much as I'm concerned, because this game is an EA game
and that means it's going to be,
you know, loot box, microtransaction city and all that stuff.
I have to say this game gives me big hex and vibes.
And I am kind of here for that.
Like, I'm going to give EA.
We can't hear you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I accidentally brushed the mic and muted myself.
It's giving me big hex and vibes.
So please do not let me down EA.
Leaving you speechless.
Yeah. Yes, exactly that.
Sigh. Can I not have audio problems tonight?
I take one week, one week.
And it all breaks.
Well, it's been Phantom Blade zero.
It's a third person action game.
That's kind of along the lines of like Ghost of Tsushima.
And let's see what else.
This one's pretty cool.
So there is a game called Sword of the Sea.
It's like a it has definitely journey vibes
because I guess it's from the former team that did Journey.
Pathless and Abzu.
And it looks pretty awesome as you like skating on this like hovers
surfboard thing over the sands and stuff like that
through half pipes and stuff like that, and even have like dolphins
flying through the air.
So OK, crazy visuals.
I definitely see the Journey vibes from this whole thing.
So but it's not the same studio, right?
It's just some of the same talent that the developers that worked on the game.
OK. You know, honestly, that that's a pretty strong resume.
That's enough for me to check it out.
It does look really pretty.
And it's cool because the thing that you're surfing on is your sword.
So well, it looks a lot like the Journey scarf, to be honest.
There's I feel like there's a lot in common.
Wouldn't it be would it be neat if it was like in the same universe or something?
I mean, not not that every game has to be like a direct sequel
or influence to something else, but it certainly looks similar.
I love it when there's like a little tie in at the end, like, you know,
spoiler alert, but like at the end of Final Destination 5,
they're boarding the flight from the original movie twist.
You know, it's just it's it's fun. I don't know, whatever.
I haven't seen any of those movies.
They're they're disgusting, but I get forced to watch them anyway.
I used to watch them all the time, and then they stopped after
I don't remember how many sequels.
All right. Anyway,
the Talos Principle two looks pretty awesome.
One that was one of those games.
I think I have it in my library, but I need to check it out.
But puzzle first person shooter game looks pretty awesome.
Niva, which is from the folks that did
Gris sequel to Greece, Greece.
Yeah. And that's supposed to be coming out next year.
I don't know much about this game, Dark Soccer.
What what what's Gris?
It's a puzzle game where about a girl battling her depression.
Oh, wow. I feel like now that you bring that up, I feel like I like
saw that, but I don't think I ever played it, but that's OK.
But I'm here for the giant antler wolf, so, you know.
Of course. I mean, this is the same system that runs The Last Guardian.
So, you know, good times.
Yeah, it looks very pretty.
We had Cat Quest, Pirates of Perobeen.
The Perobeen, the get out.
It's really called the Perobeen.
Yes. So Cat Quest, Pirates of the Perobeen.
Why would anyone be surprised?
Honestly, go off like if you're going to do it,
if you're going to do something like Cat Quest, go big like just do it.
I love it. That's like pretty sweet.
And then there's this one from Square Enix.
It's an it's another live service game from Square Enix.
Oh, is it totally going to fail?
But so it's a game that people are comparing it to like Splatoon.
Yeah, this is just basically Splatoon on the PS5, and I'm totally here for it.
I'm sorry. It's called Foam Stars.
And you like shoot foam everywhere and do things with foam
and all that kind of stuff.
And it's got
TV anime people in it and not ska music, but that's OK.
It's not ink. It's it's foam.
It's a dark sakura.
That's exactly how the pitch went in my mind.
It's one of those foam parties that I guess are big and like, you know.
Let's just put it this way, though.
Nobody jumps off and, you know, breaks their leg or something.
Square Enix has a track record with live service games.
That is not good. Yeah, that's that's fair.
I will say this.
And look, I'm not I'm not here to like say Splatoon is bad or anything.
Of course it's not.
But how many times have you played a Nintendo title and gone like, man,
this would be even better if it like had the PlayStation
or Xbox series kind of power behind it.
And now that's kind of like what they're doing with this.
But yes, there's there's every right to be concerned
that there's going to be, you know, microtransaction hell
or it's going to be a little bit, you know, wonkier than, you know, Splatoon.
You know, Nintendo does put a lot of time into the quality of their games
and there's something to be said about that.
So totally, totally fair, to be honest.
But I'm sure I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious.
There was a whole period in the NES era when Tengen did it better.
Mm hmm. Mm hmm.
I like how they go from like the CG part of the trailer to the gameplay,
and you're like, oh, it's like massively like
not as good as the CG part.
It's like, oh, this just looks pretty plain.
SSJ 100 Matt says this is like vanilla ice trying to say that ice ice baby
is different from under pressure.
Yeah, exactly. Exactly right.
More than 50% change.
Pirate Pound Town says get clean by playing dirty.
Orange Wright suggests the name bubble bath battlers.
Wait, that might be a bad name.
Yeah, don't don't call your game bubble bath babes
because people will think it's a completely different game from the NES era.
You can Google that, but it's NSFW just leaving that out there.
Anyhow. Yeah, it looks interesting.
I don't know. Neat.
We've got another trailer trailer for the plucky squire,
and it's a that RPG game that takes place like books.
And then you kind of kind of has a was it the
was it that gameplay element from the Legend of Zelda
in between worlds where you kind of like kind of go squish to like flat.
And so you're yeah, you go to D.
So kind of like that, I guess.
Mario Odyssey is similar.
Looks pretty sweet.
Console version of Teardown is coming.
That game is pretty awesome.
It's kind of a voxel heist game
and very, very cool because it's all physics based.
You can destroy buildings and all sorts of crazy stuff.
So cool that that's coming to consoles.
The rumored Metal Gear Solid three Snake Eater remake is a thing now,
and it's coming to the PlayStation five.
I think maybe even other platforms as well.
No word on when that's coming, but it is something that is in development.
I mean, yeah, that is neat.
I'm not not mad at that at all.
But is it a little weird that it's three and not one or two?
Like, wouldn't you want to do it was one of the best in the series, I guess.
Yeah. And I guess to be fair, like Silent Hill two is getting a remake.
So maybe it's just one of those.
They're remaking some of the PlayStation two era actually wasn't.
I can't remember. Was Metal Gear Solid three a PS two game or a PS three game?
This is a PS two game, wasn't it?
So then maybe they're maybe they're remaking the PS two era games
for whatever reason, had the most epic song.
The song better be intact.
It's in the trailer, so I'm assuming it's good. Good.
Good, good. Because sometimes you feed on a tree fog
because they they they, of course, after like teasing everything
because they don't really show you what what the trailer is for.
Initially, it's just a bunch of animals and stuff.
And then you see snake and then the music comes in.
It's like, yeah.
A couple of comments in chat on some of these things we're talking about,
but some really good feedback here in chat.
Tiger Claus pointing out Sony's copied Nintendo several times.
Remember PlayStation All Stars, which is a clone of Smash Brothers?
Yeah. And sadly, it wasn't quite as good, but that's not to say it was bad.
That game definitely had their fans.
And there's a lot of people they did with it.
A lot of people would love to see another one of those games, to be quite honest.
So I like how it like it combined like the backgrounds combined
like two different games together and they kind of like
there is stuff that went along with that.
So I think that was pretty sweet.
And I wish like we would get that a little bit more with like Smash Brothers
where instead of having like, say, a Kirby level,
you could have a Kirby level and then like Zelda stuff,
like kind of mashing together almost like in the stuff interacting.
It'd be really cool.
Fixation Gaze in chat says,
Does Sony not have their own ideas or do they need to copy others homework?
To be fair, I mean, I get I totally get that perspective.
It's Square Enix. That is true.
It's a Square Enix game.
But and certainly Square Enix has plenty of their own ideas,
even though, you know, they've made one game 16 times.
But they are all different.
They seem completely original.
Yeah. But also, you know, Sony is, you know, God of War and Last of Us.
They do they have the bandwidth to be able to do their own stuff, too.
But that is a good point that technically it's Square Enix
that's bringing it to Sony.
Yeah. And they all you know what?
You know what? If you think about sorry, I don't mean to cut you off.
But if you think about what Splatoon was anyway,
I mean, Splatoon was kind of a derivative idea.
If you think about it, it's just that it was the very Nintendo cutesy
way of doing a shooter and doing, you know, one of those more competitive
types of games.
And, you know, so was Splatoon itself a really original idea?
Eh, not really.
But Nintendo has their way of putting their own polish on everything.
So, you know, there's a lot of video games that are derivative
of something else, but they perfect the formula.
They make it better. Right.
So you can tell when you get your hands on the game.
I think that's, you know, obviously going to be the key.
Is this just a rip off or is this, you know, oh, it's an evolution,
because I would say there's a big difference between those two types of games,
an evolution and a rip off.
Anyhow, we had a game show called Towers of Gospa,
and it looks pretty sweet, pretty epic, kind of reminds me a bit
of Legend of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom, at least with the verticality to it.
They show these giant,
I guess they're like salmon or catfish or something like that,
giant flying catfish that you can actually land on
and collect things from and stuff like that and fighting monsters.
So kind of a little Monster Hunter vibe to it as well.
That looks pretty sweet.
We had another trailer for Final Fantasy 16.
So, you know.
Cool. I actually I purposely think all the characters
just look the same after a while.
I purposely did not watch the 16 trailer because I'm
I don't want to oversaturate at this point.
I want to just wait for the game to come out and play it.
I just have a hard time watching them now, just because I mean,
seriously, their characters have no variation between modern iterations now.
Yeah. Like, oh, all the all the the dark haired women look like Tifa.
Like, seriously, it's just they
their style isn't exciting anymore.
It's pretty.
Well, they're just not as like memorable like I think like Noctis or whatever.
I'm not really enthralled with the group from like 15 even.
Well, and you can even go back to like something like Final Fantasy 12,
where pretty much every character in that game was forgettable,
except for Balthier and Fran.
When you talk about Final Fantasy 12, that's all anybody wants to talk about.
And I'm sure somebody out there in chat is like, but I love Piniello,
but realize that most people could give a shit about any of the characters
in those games besides Balthier and Fran, who were the stars of that game.
Period. Well, I'll also say this.
I tried to play the game and got really bored with it. So.
Yeah, I don't think I've had fun in a Final Fantasy game since like.
Part of eight.
And of course, the MMOs.
Yeah, and I'm going sequentially because I still think
that Final Fantasy five is like the best of them.
Yeah, and I you know, again, I didn't hate 15,
but there was a lot of room for improvement in 15.
And I just it was not near 15 was not as good as 13 to me.
10 and 10 to got. Yeah, I could.
I borrowed your copy of 13, the first one, and I got kind of bored.
It is lightning needed personality.
It it I it's a fair criticism that Final Fantasy 13 takes 20 hours to get going.
It's a completely fair criticism, but I also kind of see to me
like there's certain TV shows that are the same way.
It's until it's not until the end of the first season
where things finally start to fucking escalate.
And that's how Final Fantasy 13 was.
And I think that's that's what kind of broke the deal for a lot of people.
And I get it. So.
But I'm still I'm so excited for the lightning to actually be worthy
of being a main character.
And I know I should have played more and I know she got better.
Yeah, but you know, but she she also gets upstaged by some of the supporting cast.
Like once you get Fang,
Fang is a incredible character that I sort of wish was explored
more in the follow ups.
She's there, but not nearly as much so because of things that happen in 13
dodging spoilers of a very old game. All right.
Anyhow, sorry, Loki.
That's right.
We had a game game play trailer for Alan Wake two, which looks pretty awesome.
And that's how we have October 17th.
They announced the next Assassin's Creed game,
so we have Assassin's Creed Mirage making the full transition
right back to Prince of Persia again. So
it looks interesting.
I'm OK with that.
Revenant Hill, which is looking forward to this.
Yeah, I guess it's a game developed by Glory Society
where you play a cat named Twigs.
Who is a trying to become a witch's familiar.
That sounds fun.
Yeah, it's pretty fun looking.
I like the art style in it.
It gives me kind of limbo vibes, but.
With a little more with a little splash of color to it.
Yes, I know cat games have been doing very well for Sony,
like everybody lost their fucking mind about Stray.
And now what? Now we get a cat quest sequel,
although that game was everywhere, to be fair.
And you know, now this cat games are going to be all the rage.
And I better not hear a single damn one of you complaining about it
because this is this is a great thing for games.
And that's on period.
There's a trailer for Grand Blue Fantasy Relink,
which is out this winter,
and it is the next entry into the Grand Blue Fantasy series, I guess.
So cool looking JRPG there.
Street Fighter six had a new trailer and.
That game is out this week.
There are there are two heavy, heavy hitters for the year out this week.
Diablo for Street Fighter six.
This is this is a big week for games, you know, going into what would have been
E3 week, essentially the week after, well, maybe two weeks.
But still, it's summer is here, that's for sure.
But yeah, Street Fighter six looks awesome.
Like if I didn't know that, like all of my time would be spent on Diablo
until Final Fantasy 16 is out and then all my time will be spent on that.
I would get Street Fighter six right away.
But as it stands, I'm like, maybe if I can write it out till Black Friday,
I'll get it on a sale.
I know we're interested in it, to be honest.
I kind of only want to play Street Fighter six because of the little like
single player, like story mode or whatever,
because it reminds me a lot of like kind of the demo was great.
Yeah. Like was it the like a dragon stuff?
Oh, yeah. Like kind of weird.
It does have a bit of that. Yeah.
So I'm kind of wanting to check it out because of that.
I'll catch it on sale, probably.
But yeah, it looks interesting.
We had a game called Ultros.
Not really the final fans. So good.
But it's like a kind of a they compared to like a like a black like
1960s concert poster come to life.
It looks like it's very like this is why Dark Soccer likes it.
It looks like pinball.
It looks like a pinball, well, not the game, but the artwork on a pinball machine.
It looks like a 60s pinball.
But that's not.
But I'm leaning more toward like those
late 60s, early to mid 70s psychedelic posters.
And those are just like.
The colors are vibrant and they're garish,
but they work well in that style.
So I really just dig the inspiration behind it.
And it's really good.
I mean, we're not sick of Metroidvanias yet, right?
We're down for another one in the, you know, actually.
Eliminate the term.
Eliminate the term Metroidvania.
Yeah, I mean, it's a platformer.
End of story is exploratory platformer.
Action platformer.
A plant former?
No, I said an action platformer.
I thought you said platformer
based on the art, and I was going to laugh, but I guess I shouldn't.
No, action platformer or like,
I don't know, like games like that have existed for well before.
Yeah. Symphony of the night.
Yeah. Before Metroid they existed.
I mean, I guess in some ways, adventure on the 2600
was kind of like that.
So anyway, Dragon's Dogma 2.
So that's Capcom's action RPG game finally coming out.
The sequel at least played some of the first one.
It was all right.
Yeah, I think that was one of those games that had the DLC on disk,
if I remember correctly, way back in the day.
Not a problem anymore, because, you know, I just played it on Mac on my
well, at the time on my PC.
Yeah, they released that game everywhere.
So but it definitely has its fans.
So I know this is getting some people excited.
I like some of the character design looks looks neat.
They showed off more stuff for PlayStation VR, too.
So a few things. Five Nights at Freddy's Help Wanted Two
is going to be coming to the console as well.
Resident Evil 4 VR mode had a trailer for that.
Arizona Sunshine Two, which is coming out this spring on PlayStation VR
two and PC. Crossfire Sierra Squad,
which is going to be like a PlayStation two
or PlayStation VR two version of the game,
which that looks kind of cool.
Synapse, which we saw a trailer for this before.
I don't remember where exactly,
but this is going to be coming out
actually July 4th. Looks pretty cool.
It looks like a really neat game.
I just wish it wasn't directly first person.
Let me just jump in real quick on Five Nights at Freddy's,
because there's a great comment from Tiger Claw in chat.
Five Nights at Freddy's fans are eating good this week.
A teaser trailer for the movie adaptation got released.
It sure did. That looked pretty good.
So then the next day, a trailer for the ruined DLC for Security
Breach was released, then out of left field here in the PlayStation.
So you get a sequel to the VR game help wanted to
assumeably about the sister location.
So, yeah, it was it was a good week to be a Freddy fan, that's for sure.
Beat Saber's coming to PlayStation VR two,
which I honestly thought it already was, but they're going to be also
throwing in a queen themed music pack,
which I hope is available on all platforms because, you know,
the trailers don't don't stop me now. Yeah.
And I was also surprised Beat Saber wasn't already on PSVR two.
I think it had been announced, but I think
I think now it's it's just it's out now, basically.
So by the way, if you bought the original on PS4,
you can download the new one for free. That was kind of cool.
I saw except I don't have a PSVR two, so it does me no good.
But yeah, that's that's probably the whole thing.
Sony wants me to get one now that I already have a game available to play on it.
But here's the thing, like with the PlayStation VR stuff,
like Sony still didn't show any first party PlayStation VR game. Yeah.
It's like third party stuff.
And a lot of this stuff is just like.
Cool, Beat Saber.
That's not system seller.
That's on everything like, you know, cool Arizona sunshine.
I mean, that's also on like most VR platforms.
I would agree that this was good
and Sony needed to show some VR stuff
to show that they're sustaining PSVR two.
But you're absolutely right.
We need something first party.
And quite frankly, PSVR two needs its half life, Alex.
Like it needs a game of like that caliber that is exclusive
to the platform to really, I think, woo more people there.
I just don't think that's there yet.
I know they're saying the sales figures, but I can't help
but feel like some things are getting twisted to make that work.
Or maybe it's selling better in other countries.
I don't know. But I again,
I just don't feel like the catalog is really there yet.
But maybe there'll be a surprise for the holidays. Who knows?
Yeah. And then talk about out of nowhere.
So Bungie announced that they're making a new marathon game.
That looked really stylish and cool, to be honest.
It also looks like it has nothing to do with the original.
You have some sort of combo running man battle royale.
Yeah. But I'm, you know, I'm curious.
That's that's a pretty big thing to revive your oldest IP,
basically, and bring it back.
I think that's very interesting.
But I figure this game is probably still like at least two years away, probably.
So nothing to get excited about in the near term.
Destiny two, the final shape is going to be the next
and apparently last big expansion for the game.
So looking forward to those Destiny three trailers next year, I guess.
So that's going to be a thing that's coming out.
Concord, which is a game by Firewalk Studios.
And I don't know.
It looks somewhat interesting.
Not really sure about it because they don't really show too much of it.
Sorry, some audio.
I just see that whole part with them launching out
and it makes me think they've gone to plaid.
I like the like logo treatment that they did there.
But yeah, twenty twenty four.
So cool.
And then we get to some strange things.
So Project Q, which is Sony's answer to it's not really streaming.
So are like it's not like this competing against the steam deck,
but sort of kind of is it is a handheld device that's
based off of streaming games from your PlayStation console via remote play.
Which. I don't.
It's not the PlayStation switch, though, it's basically just like it's like
you can do this on your phone already.
In fact, we even sell like peripherals play that to do this.
But like, I don't know, it just looks ugly.
It looks weird.
I don't like it. I don't like it.
Jamie, I don't like PlayStation five earbuds.
I, I actually I'm not quite as negative as you're feeling, Loki.
I, I understand why something like this exists,
especially in those households where
mom or dad wants to use the TV to watch whatever.
And so you can play your game on this.
I would say this is Sony's version of the Wii U in a way.
It's the play deck.
Yeah. Or that. Yeah.
I mean, yeah, the steam deck, you know, play deck or whatever you want to say.
I think in a way it's that.
I think there could be something to say here.
Like, I think it could be very cool to do the whole like,
I'm going to tap into my PlayStation five while I'm in another city.
So like, for example, I was on San Diego for a work trip last week.
That's why I wasn't here on the show.
That would have been neat to have a device like this,
that I could tap into my PlayStation five. Although Loki, you're fair,
what you said,
you can already do this on your mobile phone if you just have the right little
clip for it. So, you know, but taking that a step.
You can be able to do that with Stadia.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Taking this a step further and doing this sort of thing,
but it's not even cloud.
It's your PlayStation five that you're able to tap into on the internet.
Can you do it from a distance or do you have to be on the same network for that?
Because I remember that they have, you know, remote play.
When they talk about remote play, my expectation is that it's over the internet,
but I guess I could be wrong. If it's not over the internet,
then I forget what I'm saying here. I don't see the point of this device then.
But if it does it over the internet, then I think, you know, especially again,
as 5g gains more popularity,
there's going to be a space for this. But my concern is,
as Sony does this a lot, if they release it too early,
I'm not sure it's going to sell a ton right out the gate,
and then they're going to give up on it before it could reach its prime.
Yeah, it says you can use PlayStation remote play.
It says when connected to broadband network or mobile data.
So it says you can do it.
My question is, like, if you're going to buy a console for remote play,
I mean, just buy a Steam Deck because it's compatible with PC.
You could probably play this on a Steam Deck already.
Why would I want to buy a device that only works with the PlayStation five?
And is I mean, we don't even know how expensive it is yet. So.
It's probably at least a few hundred dollars, so why bother?
Like, I don't know.
It's yeah, it's got to be priced competitively with a Steam Deck for sure.
The consoles just haven't had much interesting if it's
unless it's the switch is just.
I almost think they're trying too hard with this one.
They're seeing, oh, everyone else has had success with this.
Why don't we try it too late?
The one thing I will say is that, you know, remember,
you can also do other things with your PlayStation in the multimedia world.
But to be fair, it's nothing you can't do with your phone
when it comes to things like streaming services and, you know, movies
and things like that, it's nothing you can't already do with your phone.
I I don't know.
I think this could be interesting, but not not if it's too expensive.
So, yeah, we need more details on this for sure.
I wish I wish PlayStation would just do another dedicated handheld,
but I get why they're hesitant to.
Yeah. And then finally, we got a new trailer for Marvel's Spider-Man two,
which is obviously a big game from Insomniac and one of the things that
Sony is very proud to show off for the PlayStation five.
Well, it's the holiday tent pole, basically.
So this is, you know, the biggest game, basically,
at least for as far as Sony sees it for the for the fall.
So I get it. Yeah.
And they show off Peter using, I guess, the dark venom suit,
as well as we see Miles Morales and some of his abilities as well.
So come out this fall. Awesome.
All right.
So PlayStation Showcase, very busy.
I mean, if you think about it, that was a lot.
That was like that was like 20 titles you just went over.
So there's there's a lot going on here.
So it's going to be an interesting year for Sony.
And it's going to be interesting
to see what Microsoft has ready to go in response in a couple of weeks.
And maybe Nintendo.
I mean, Nintendo is definitely the wild card in the room right now
because we we literally do not know what happens now.
You know, Zelda, of course, still has many people's attention. I get it.
But what comes in six months? We don't know.
So there's kind of an expectation there.
Nintendo is going to tell us soon what's next. What's after Zelda?
So I can't wait until we actually sit down with it,
because I've seen all kinds of fun things that people made.
Someone has officially made a yacht.
I like somebody did like a death trap type of thing
that they were putting the mobs in, like a cage.
They would slam down on the mobs.
It would just like electrocute them over. And I thought it was very funny.
Oh, I saw this awesome one where someone had flamethrowers
that went out in a circle.
And so once everything was lit up, they'd, you know, use the updraft
to to rise up above everything and then watch from above
while it just burned all of the enemies to bits.
It was it was great.
And then, of course, there was the the piss man.
Who had a fire hydrant for.
Yes, yes, yes.
We saw him already.
People, people were making like like at at type thing,
you know, like walking platforms with the
with the wheels as the mechanisms for the legs.
It was there's some really creative people out there,
and it just requires a simple understanding of basic physics.
Mm hmm. And I I'm I'm looking forward to trying to make a Gundam.
All right. I think I've seen that.
I the more and more I see people make these clever things,
the more I feel like I want to get the game.
But, you know, again, it's going to be a busy summer, so we'll see.
I'll find you one of the collections I saw. It was very impressive. Nice.
All right. Let's get into our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games
we have been playing this week, Zelda or otherwise.
So Dark Sakura, we'll go to you. How is your gaming week?
Two weeks worth of gaming, Rob.
Yeah, sure. Two weeks if you want.
Yeah. So I went to
Golden State Pinball Festival last weekend.
So they had a lot of really good ones,
including the the 007 anniversary limited edition.
And I'm going to tell you this right now.
It's not worth money.
It was not as fun as the the classic bond tables
that they have out there in the style of the the classic ones.
You kind of like what they did with Beatles.
Mm hmm. They're they're themed after different movies.
There was a Dr.
No was one of them, and that's the one that that I played.
I played the data.
I played every Star Wars that was there.
So I played a Data East one.
I played the stern and I played the Sega one.
They had the Foo Fighters table done by Jack Danger,
and they had the L.E., the limited edition, and they had the the pro.
And honestly, I think I liked the pro better than the limited edition.
I mean, having the multiple layers of it was great.
You couldn't freaking hear the music in there,
but I got to play in the tournament room when they were starting to pack up.
And the music was great.
The music selection is fantastic.
And the art in it is hilarious.
It's kind of got like the sort of semi Scooby Doo vibe of them
and their van and everything.
And then as far as oh, and I ran into Amanda.
I know. Thanks for the pick. Yeah. Yeah.
So they had a pin bot there.
They still put googly eyes on it, and it was hilarious.
I played Shaq Attack.
That is I've never gotten to play one.
It's a weird it's one of the gauntlet games.
So, you know, there's a really hit and miss.
It has this like whole mechanic where you go,
you shoot the pinball up a ramp to land in the net.
It's like this big plastic dome over it to protect the glass.
It's kind of kind of ingenious.
They had Galactic Tank Force, which is.
It's not a Jersey Jack, I think, or it might be.
Um, I'd have to look it up again, but it's it's cheese ball.
It's got full motion video.
It makes me think of like an old Sega CD game
with with the little cinematics on there.
I got way too distracted actually watching the the animated bits.
They someone had reskinned an old,
you know, classic table to The Walking Dead.
And that was pretty fun.
I played Mr.
and Ms. Pac-Man, which is a very, very, very weird table.
There was no baby Pac-Man.
I was quite sad.
I played Ultraman and Ultraman is actually identical table to Halloween.
So I enjoyed them.
There's people who are like, it's kind of boring.
I thought it was just fine.
I thought it was fun.
I played a junkyard.
I played this bell ringer thing.
We set some stuff on fire.
Oh, total nuclear annihilation.
Best soundtrack.
It is on Apple Music, Spotify, all of the things.
Absolutely get it.
It's such good.
Retro new wave if you if you like the style.
And it's it's just such a good table.
I super love it.
There was also they had a joust tabletop.
I play OK, so here was my disappointment of the show, and that was Scooby Doo.
I mean, it was all the new voices, which I mean,
some of them are OK, but it just wasn't very fun.
So, OK, so you know how Black Knight 2000 has the double playfield, right?
Right. And you have to do the loop and then shoot the top.
This is almost built like Black Knight 2000.
But it's so slow and the voices are annoying
and the sound effects are annoying and it just and the flippers,
I don't think are a standard with the part and a little bit off center.
So it just was not fun to me at all at all.
Although I have to say the aesthetics of the table were were spot on.
Absolutely spot on.
And I said I played Halloween, which I took a lot of pictures of it
just because I thought the touches in the Halloween one are so good.
I also
I played a bunch of Foo Fighters, actually.
I just had so much fun with Foo Fighters.
I played yeah, there's there I'm
actually looking at my photo library so I can see I played the Mandalorian again.
I played X-Men.
I played a bunch.
I just I played the Evil Knievel table when we were talking about,
you know, racing and stunts.
And I'm I'm sure the listeners understand
you played a lot of pinball at the expo, for sure.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
But the biggest the biggest ones.
Oh, and there's another game and I have to have this.
It's called Bad Cats.
And it has this little thing in the middle of it
where like this lady is trying to chase a cat out with a broom
and the cats all over the table are just like living their best life.
I love this table. It's so good.
But yeah, I played a lot of pinball, but I absolutely think
that the star of the show was Foo Fighters.
Both versions are tremendously good.
And if there's someone who knows
how to have fun in pinball, it's definitely going to be Jack Danger.
Also, he's given me good advice for buying Dan a birthday present once.
He's just a cool guy, but he's actually retired from streaming now, I think.
Yeah, but at any any rate, of course, Dead by Daylight,
significant amounts.
I played Midnight Sun's Cult of the Land.
The new DLC is absolutely hilarious. I love it.
I've been having a pretty solid good time in that. So, yeah.
All right. Well, if that is it for your gaming week, we'll go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was just Minecraft.
I'm doing lots of building and getting ready to put out another episode.
So nice. Yep.
It was a lot of a lot of building.
Look forward to see. Is it another like like how many bricks in this build?
I don't know.
I don't know because like the because it involved digging out a big hole.
So it it's hard to say.
There was it was forty six shulker boxes at one point.
But I didn't I think I I tend to like try to get myself extras
in case I miss something in my schematic that I put together like
or I want to blend in some of the terrain a little bit more or something like that.
So I don't know if I used all of them.
I have that.
I was going to calculate it when I'm done with all the build,
but it's pretty much done and just have the redstone left to do inside of it.
But yeah, there's another giant Mega Man thing that's in there.
All right. Nice.
Looking forward to seeing it. Yep.
All right.
My gaming week, because I was on a business trip most of the week,
my gaming week was a little abbreviated.
But Dark Soccer, you made this is going to surprise you.
I also played pinball when I was down there because San Diego has a coin
up like they have here in SAC.
And, you know, the coin up chain, for whatever reason, they really like pinball.
I also played the Foo Fighters table this time.
Isn't it good? It's really good.
I don't know if it was regular or limited edition.
I'm sorry. Actually, did it have a top layer?
I don't think so.
But let me check, because actually what I can do is thanks to that whole,
like stern insider thing, which I love.
You can see I can actually see my history of what I played here.
So I can actually tell you.
But I know I played that Avengers machine for the first time,
and I got two free replays on my first game of that.
So that was like awesome that I was able to do that.
So let's see, I'm going in and looking right now.
OK, Foo Fighters Pro, it says pro.
All right, you play the pro.
OK, and then I played Godzilla Pro Avengers Infinity Quest.
That was a machine I got three replays on.
Was pro. And then I played Mandalorian.
Yeah. Yeah.
The Avengers game is actually pretty good.
I liked it. I liked it.
So that was, yeah,
random pinball adventure of my own that when I was trying to kill time
in San Diego in the evening.
If I can add one more thing.
Yeah, we actually just getting rid of our medieval madness.
And I forgot what else we got rid of.
It might have been Iron Maiden.
And we now have Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
The newer one. Oh, we have Black Knight Sword of Rage.
And we have we already had the limited edition topper.
So that's getting added on.
And then, of course, Weird Al's on his way.
I'm I'm sure you've heard of it, but I was listening to Bobby's show last week
since we weren't here to hear it live.
And he was talking about
like a vinyl soundtrack for some pinball games, including medieval madness.
And I was like, total nuclear annihilation is getting one. Interesting.
I just I wasn't sure if you were on this because I knew you were a fan
of medieval madness.
And I this the like when I heard the song that
like that whole thing of like, oh, I've heard this in Darksiders garage.
That was only that was Black Knight 2000.
Oh, no. Yes, it was Black Knight.
Sorry. Medieval something.
Sword of Rage has a Black Knight 2000 mode
that plays some of the the old stuff.
Interesting.
By the way, I sent you the picture of the of the bad cats.
I'll have to check that out.
Sorry, my phone is on monitor right now. But yeah.
Discord.
As far as video games go, I've been playing more Dead by Daylight
than I usually do, just with the double blood points happening this weekend.
I'm like, oh, I guess I should like actually work on the tome.
So I finally got Renaldo to prestige one.
That's cool, I guess.
Renaldo is so loud, though.
Oh, well, I mean, I just wanted his perks.
So yeah. But do you think he's like Leon levels of loud?
He's pretty loud.
I thought they were going to equalize that.
They're supposed to equalize all the volumes at some point. I don't know.
But I've been I've been working on.
So I have like every perk on Cheryl, every perk on Leon, purple perk meeting.
I want to do that for Dwight.
I think I'm going to work on now as well.
So, yeah, so it's been placed in Dead by Daylight.
Final Fantasy 14 got a new patch this week, the Dark Throne.
This is the one where Golbez is a big fight in it.
I mean, spoiler alert, but we know that they've been doing
a lot of Final Fantasy 4 content with these patches.
So it just was natural that you're going to fight Golbez.
I thought they did it really well.
Again, Soken kicks butt on the soundtrack and he did a remix of the moon theme
that plays on the outside of the moon, the really haunting kind of song.
He did that for like the I won't get too much into the details,
but for the place, you would assume a theme like that would be used
in Final Fantasy 14 as well is very, very well done.
So I like where the story went there.
I'm very curious to see what the expansion lead up ends up being,
because I could see it kind of go in a couple of different directions right now.
So it'd be very interesting.
Yeah, so that was pretty much my gaming week, honestly,
not a lot of new stuff.
But this week, I know there's some big stuff coming.
So I'm very, very excited about it, that's for sure.
All right, we're going to get into some news here at the top of the show,
even though we're like an hour in because the PlayStation Showcase.
But I thought we could start tonight with some headlines that actually focus
on last week because we we missed some big announcements
by not being here last week.
So, Loki, what was one of the big things we heard about last week?
Last week, we got the reveal of the new game from NetherRealm Studios.
It is another reboot of Mortal Kombat.
So now Mortal Kombat one is going to be coming out September 19th.
Let's do the time warp again.
It would technically just reset the timeline in Mortal Kombat 11.
Yeah, that's but now but now it's like, oh, but in this timeline now,
Sub-Zero and Scorpion can be friends, as can maybe Katana and Mileena.
So now and now Liu Kang is a god and Raiden's just a normal farmer.
So that was from the end of Mortal Kombat 11.
No, I know. So yeah, they are they are continuing the story,
but I can't help but feel like, OK, they just did this in Mortal Kombat 9.
But OK, I mean, do we really care? Nah.
Like, as long as the game's good, who gives a shit?
Let him reboot it every game. Who cares?
Just just have some good characters, some good moves, fluid gameplay,
and people are going to eat it up. It's fine.
I think the like alternate take could be interesting.
But the only thing that's going to be weird about it, sorry.
The only thing that's going to be weird about it is that meanwhile,
we have these updates on the Mortal Kombat 2 movie.
So they've cast the actresses that are going to play like Jade and Katana,
like some of the news is out there about that.
So they're doing a second Mortal Kombat movie, obviously.
But now it's like, OK, wait a minute.
So now we have the movie timeline, the game timeline
that it's starting to feel like Marvel over here.
So but it's fine. It's just it's just funny.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, I don't know, it's it's.
I assume the movie is going to be like a different.
I mean, they have like I don't know if that movie really felt like
it followed one of the official timelines of the game.
They kind of do their own thing, but.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Comment in chat over twitch.tv slash vlog network.
Zen Monkey 11 says I was over Mortal Kombat after Mortal Kombat 3,
as were a lot of people, to be fair.
Not everybody took to the 3D.
I liked Mortal Kombat 4 and I think 4 had some really good characters.
Like I love Tanya.
I love like who is the wind god, Fujin, I think.
Like there were some really good characters in 4 that I liked.
But I understand the shift to 3D.
It didn't work completely for Mortal Kombat.
And then I think what made Mortal Kombat hard to follow for me
for a while was that it left the arcades.
So then they had a string of a bunch of games like Deadly Alliance,
Armageddon and all these games that were console only releases.
Basically.
So I think a lot of people and they didn't number them anymore.
So I think a lot of people kind of fell out of the series
while they were releasing these console only things that wasn't having
parity with arcade releases.
And then finally, Mortal Kombat 9 essentially rebooted Mortal Kombat.
That was the first reboot.
And that was I mean, because that was kind of a neat.
Even though, yes, I play those games, I'm like, God, the violence is
the violence is starting to be a bit much in these games, especially
11 and 10.
Like, damn, it's it's hard to watch.
It's hard to watch, quite frankly.
But at least I know when to look away, you know, the game.
But the game itself is really fluid.
So it's it's it's it is a good fighter.
Like it's you can't deny that.
So there's that.
Anyway, so I'm excited for Mortal Kombat 1, just from a story perspective,
as much as I tease it for doing the time warp again,
I think it will be kind of interesting.
And I'm curious what direction they go with it.
But of course, it is about the gameplay.
So. All right.
Well, moving on to another story here.
Unfortunately, last week, we had a legend in the industry pass away.
So I just want to take a moment to acknowledge the contributions of Bob
Smith to video game culture.
Bob Smith was from Atari and iMagic back in the day.
He was a programmer at Atari in the early 80s.
His first big game was video pinball, which was a pretty, pretty epic.
I mean, obviously you play it now and you go, this is kind of compared to like
but for its time, right?
It was like, oh, it's like pinball on my TV.
It was pretty cool for the time.
So he brought that.
But I mean, if you think about it, that would be like the first pinball video game.
I think there may be a computer game that predates it.
But the first major, I guess we'll say that
he was then a supervisor.
He actually was Howard Scott Warshaw's boss.
So, you know, you could maybe blame ET a little bit on him.
No, I don't know. Anyway, he also programmed games to the Atari 2600,
including one of my very favorites from iMagic.
I did a YouTube on this that's still on my channel like seven years ago.
Dragon Fire, one of my absolute favorite 2600 games.
You are correct.
What?
About video pinball.
It was the first? OK, cool.
1977. Wow.
Golly, golly. OK, so.
But yeah, he did Dragon Fire, which is a really underrated classic.
Riddle of the Sphinx.
That's a really good game, too.
Holy shit. That's a trip down memory lane.
I haven't thought of that game a long time.
Moonsweeper.
And he did the port of the Star Wars arcade game that was on Atari,
which for what it was, was the best they could do on the Atari hardware.
So that's that's awesome.
So kudos and a tip of the hat to Bob Smith on an incredible career
who went on to work at companies like Accolade, the 3DO company,
and then a mobile startup called Innovative Leisure that was by some Xbox folks.
He also went to the Portland Retro Game Expo an awful lot.
So but unfortunately, yes, he passed away last week.
So just rest in peace and thank you for the contributions to gaming culture.
Thank you, Tiger Claw, for digging up the YouTube channel
and the YouTube on Dragonfire, which again, it's a great game.
It's one of those.
It's that formula of the 2600 era that I love.
It's an incredibly simple concept with a highly addictive game loop.
And Dragonfire was basically two screens.
It was the bridge screen and the treasure room screen.
And when you're on the bridge,
you're dodging fire that the dragon's spitting at you, basically.
And then when he gets to the treasure room,
you try to collect all the treasure again while dodging the dragon's fire.
You escape that.
You're back on the bridge and you're doing this game loop over and over.
And it's very it's very addictive.
And I know that sounds very simple,
but a lot of the 2600 games were and that's what made them great.
Think about a game like Kaboom,
which is like one of the all time greatest Atari 2600 games.
What a simple fucking game.
And that's the one with the water buckets where you catch the bombs.
That's all. It was a paddle game.
That's all you've you've played this at some point in your life.
You all have. Yeah.
It's an incredibly simple game,
but without it, there's so much other that followed it.
Anyway, I'm digressing a little bit.
Old man yells at Cloud.
Let's move on.
Dark Soccer, now I know you want to talk to us about some Dead
by Daylight news that came out last week,
but I think a little more important,
possibly some community updates from this week.
I want to give you some space
to talk about what's going on in the DVD community, actually.
So for anyone,
I don't think that hardly anyone has ever gone
to a Dead by Daylight stream and not heard of PUPPERS.
Well, I mean, especially, you know,
behavior issued like a a charm.
But but PUPPERS has been dealing with ALS,
which was formerly known as Lou Gehrig's disease.
It's a neuromotor function disorder that causes
in the spine to start stiffening up and it affects,
of course, respiration, everything else.
It's terrible. It's terrible.
Yeah, it's pretty bad.
And well, PUPPERS has it.
And on the 25th, you went into respiratory distress
and went into the hospital
and needed a bunch of oxygen, but just decided to to come home.
You know, there there wouldn't have been.
According to what what Sunshine Post did,
there isn't going to be like much use in it.
It would just be a few days of prolonging as opposed to,
you know, anything significant.
But then as of the 27th, so yesterday for us,
he went back into the hospital because of aspiration pneumonia.
And so right now he's in the hospital.
But there's a kudos board up.
I'll find the link.
And apparently all of these messages
of affection and support have just meant a whole lot.
So I'm going to find the kudos board and link it to everybody.
So if you want to, you know, leave a a good word,
then I'm sure that it would be very appreciated.
Well, well, there's still time to do so.
I will point out as well, you know, for those that play the game,
maybe a little bit lightly or what have you.
I will point out that there is a charm you can actually get in the game
and you can still get it.
And the code is warrior puppers, all one word there.
And you can actually get a charm.
And there's a lot of people in game.
You might actually saw this charm on a hook this weekend while I was playing.
And it actually took me a minute to have it click.
And then when I was on Twitter later, I was like, oh, right.
And so that's actually so there's a lot of people that are rocking this charm,
just kind of like in support right now of everything.
So, again, that's warrior puppers.
I haven't I haven't played since all that went down
except to log in for my my daily bonuses.
But yeah, when I sign on tonight,
I'm going to be going in and the Vic Viper will be retired in favor of puppers.
So, yeah, so obviously, you know, and I will admit
I was not super familiar with puppers until.
But I have a lot of friends that are.
So it's it's getting in the algorithm in my social media person.
Yeah. And I actually went back and watched some clips
and he seemed like a lot of fun.
And boy, does the man resemble bald Dwight.
That was right.
That was like, dang,
there's really resembles him saying that Dwight should be renamed Max.
Mm hmm. I honestly think that the bald Dwight
skin just needs to be made the like the Max cosmetic, kind of like how
there's other character cosmetics for like there's the Chris and Carlos
for Leon and whatnot.
I've seen some discourse trademark patent pending on Twitter about
would it be appropriate to have him as a survivor in the game that gets killed?
It might be a little in poor taste for some.
My perspective is do whatever the family and him wants in this case.
I think it would be very nice.
I think a nice, you know, this this particular charm
we just talked about, they gave away for free.
What if they did a shirt where the funds raised from the shirt for
for a survivor, Dwight or whoever, although how would it not be Dwight?
But like the survivor shirt, maybe for the core four or something
that maybe can raise money for ALS research and support.
I thought I'd buy that in a heartbeat.
I think that would be a great thing to do.
Behavior actually put out a really sweet letter
and even harkened back to that Dwight resemblance. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. So.
I don't know, I think that we'll we'll see something, you know, when when people
you know, when people like that have touched so many others, you know.
They they just become
something a little bit more than just the person, you know what I mean?
And I would have to agree that everyone's been calling them
a light in the fog, and I agree. Yeah.
So well, our thoughts go out to the family and the loved ones, for sure.
And of course, puppers in this case.
I my my my comment on the Kudo board was that
I hope that these next days are full of peace. Mm hmm.
Um, anyway, I know it's a difficult pivot, but let's talk about some of the other
Dead by Daylight news that came out officially from Behavior
this this two weeks ago, I guess this one because of leaks.
Behavior did their anniversary live stream early.
And and I'll I'll be honest, I I had already watched the trailers
and everything myself, but they had done that teaser at first
saying that Nicolas Cage was going to be in the game as a survivor.
And while we're not seeing much of anything official, Eurogamer.
Said that that according from to the official blurb,
I'll just read this after countless awards and over 100 movies
shot across the globe, Nicolas Cage has seen it all and done it all.
Or so he thought.
While on set filming the role of a lifetime, his performance
summoned the entity, a malevolent being of incomprehensible power,
a.k.a. Mia.
The actor soon found himself cast in otherworldly, worldly fog,
forced to survive against a host of terrifying killers
deadlier than even the most scathing film critic.
That means they have to have Roger Ebert as a killer.
Just saying, I, I really don't know what to think about this.
This is just really like, do you do you remember the meme
from like 10 years ago of the old lady going, what?
Like that, that was my reaction to this trailer. What?
But it's okay.
Honestly though, the outfit that he was wearing in the trailer,
someone pointed out that it's very much like in another movie coming out.
So I'm not sure, but there were quite a few things that were brought up
in the seventh anniversary live stream.
Oh, just real quick before you get into that, I'm sorry.
I just want to say, I don't hate this for the record.
I think it's it's a very Nic Cage thing to do.
So why not?
Loki, let me ask you for a minute.
Does Nic Cage in Dead by Daylight make you more interested in Dead by Daylight?
It does increase my interest in Dead by Daylight.
See, there you go.
And that's that's the why I would be so that I would be interested
to see like what like they pair them up with.
Because I'm going to become a Nic Main.
Well, they don't.
To be fair, there are characters that come out with no killer.
Like, for example, Ash from Evil Dead does not have a counterpart killer.
And there are just as.
And there's killers that came out without survivors like Leatherface and Ghostface.
As long as he gets a perk called One True God, then we're good, I think.
I think it goes back to the red.
So those that have a raising Arizona skin.
But it's actually it's funny because it was
Tiara was the one who told me
and they were like, are they trying to get me to play this game?
I'm like, if anyone I know loves Nic Cage, it's them for sure.
So, yeah, anyway, there there is so much more awesome, though,
because they're going to be a lot of quality of life improvements,
including an anti camping technique,
which isn't too far off from the one I suggested.
Remember, I said that the the countdown timer should stop
depending on the distance of the killer to the hook.
Well, now what's going to happen is that there's a timer. Yes.
But it's the closer they are to the hook.
The the killer, the killer, the survivor on the hook
will be able to unhook themselves a lot deliverance or slippery meat.
But it also works on second hook.
OLR stays winning on the predictions in 2023, that's for sure.
But I do kind of see abuse for the second hook one for people who bring Moris.
Mm hmm. Now they would do something about tumbling, then we'd be perfect.
But we know we're waiting on it.
And then, of course, there was the new trailer for in transmission,
which is therefore aid the sci fi horror, which I think is cool.
They have the killer is called the Singularity, which is this.
I guess it's a cybernetic creature that started absorbing human parts
so that it could function more effectively and killed everybody.
You know, very aliens, alien like.
And Gabriel Soma is the survivor and he's very pretty.
The Mori is disgusting, by the way.
Have you seen have you seen the Mori? It's disgusting.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I saw Nick play some of it on because, you know, I still can't get PTB
to work on the thing. Right.
Not like the Borg. Think of the Borg in reverse.
OK, wait, I'm going to I'm going to play this on stream,
but I'm going to put a content warning out.
But I am I am just playing a video game here.
So and you won't be able to see us on the podcast feed anyway.
But let me let me play this Mori for you on stream here.
Sorry, I'm getting it set up here because you'll see that this
it really goes next level with some of the light gore
that they're doing in the game, basically.
So and that's the new survivor.
And so it's it's pretty gross. But
that's what some people want out of Dead by Daylight
is melted faces.
So there you go.
OK, the shot is done for those that looked away.
All right. At any at any rate, the well, you know,
people are just going to walk around taking pictures of the corpses.
I'm sorry, I do that.
But but anyway, the thing's power is really neat, though,
because you put these globs up that act as cameras.
And so you can pretty much watch like whole areas of the map
and then shoot the glob onto somebody.
And you have to do shit to get it off.
And yeah, I'm not going to go in.
I love S.H.A. 100 Matt's comment in chat saying like any horror franchise,
it eventually ends up in space. Yes.
And Fixation Gaze, big fan of the Mori saying DBD needs more of this.
There are a lot of people
who does not like getting Moried at all.
Like, I will die on that second hook to avoid a Mori.
That's just how I am.
I don't know what it is.
It's just like some thing in my brain.
But at any rate,
they're also going to be doing partnerships for cosmetics
for with Slipknot and Iron Maiden.
And the one that makes me really happy is with Nakamura Ikumi,
who is just a wonderful, wonderful concept artist.
But my the best cosmetic in the universe is coming out.
We are finally getting Sukeban Julie.
I've told we know what a Sukeban is, right?
Well, for the listeners that don't.
OK, so it was very much a big trope in like 80s manga anime TV.
It's the the schoolgirl that wears the extra long like Zaki in Project Justice.
Mm hmm. Or Sukeban Deco, which was another anime, The Girl with the Yo-Yo.
But like wear the mask, although hers is the full legion mask,
the hair pulled back and the extra long pleated skirt and the kind of oversized,
you know, sailor top and, you know, kind of a bad ass girl.
It kind of like go go you body. But.
This is. Yeah, and she did.
She had just a regular schoolgirl outfit and not a not the Sukeban look
is very specific, but I'll find I'll find a picture.
But for anyone who played Project Justice, it's Zaki kind of same
same relative look.
Yeah. And not like the sweater outfit, but the full on sailor top.
But anyway, I'm very happy about that because Julie needs
all the love because Susie gets all the cosmetics. Just saying.
All right. To our relative.
There's one more thing. One more.
Yeah, I was to say, there's one more thing I'm waiting for you to get to,
because I think it's really exciting.
Yeah, but supermassive games, as in the group
that did the quarry is going to be working on a game
with their subsidiary, Midwinter Entertainment,
doing a new game in the Dead by Daylight universe.
It's a single player interactive story that will sit
sit very well with the lore of Dead by Daylight,
even though half the lore contradicts itself, but whatever.
So you will have a team of up to four players
going into a different area in the in the entities realm.
And, you know, I'm guessing sort of like
maybe like left for dead ish is kind of my thought. Yeah.
But I, I, I really like it, although I think that having something
kind of like the quarry in Dead by Daylight universe would be also cool as well.
As to be awesome. I as soon as that was announced,
I got a text from our pal Shane, who, you know, he's usually pretty.
Yeah. Oh, is he? He was usually pretty whatever about Dead by Daylight.
But yeah, when the supermassive thing was announced, he's like, all right,
I guess I have to be interested in Dead by Daylight now,
because supermassive is making a game about it.
And I'm like, honestly, there's a ton of original characters.
It makes that's actually how I heard about it,
because I wasn't able to watch the thing live.
Oh, yeah, Shane is in chat.
Supermassive game is what will get me interested in DVD,
which is crazy, since DVD has a good amount of characters I love already.
I wouldn't expect the licensed characters get over into the supermassive game,
but like it's got a lot of interesting characters in it,
especially in the survivor side of things.
I mean, some of the killers are very like, like to me, like Billy is like,
because they didn't have Leatherface license yet. So they made.
So some of it's very derivative, but some of some of the killers are really cool.
Well, and of course, that also leads
to the mini game in Dead by Daylight when you hear a chainsaw.
Which one is it? Yeah, right.
But but yeah, I kind of have have a feeling that it would be like
the first for, you know, Dwight, Meg,
Jake and Claudette. Yeah.
As as the four and, you know, being,
quote, the first, I'd say, group together in the fog. Yep.
You know, and there's a fanfic I actually super like,
I'll just touch on it for a second and someone fixie, it's that fanfic
where they talk in this fix, like little headcanon thing.
They had that when you meet somebody in a match
and bring them out with you, that they can join your campfire.
And that that's how, you know, even people who had been there for a while,
how they eventually came to meet each other.
And so I kind of like that idea and adapting that into this game,
that they were like the first people to meet up and actually be a team.
I guess it wasn't the supermassive game,
but the other game you were talking about, like the the more sci fi.
No, no, no. The other DBD spinoff game that they're making
that sounded like it was about the survivors or excuse me,
like not the folks in the entity,
but the families and friends of people that have been abducted
by the entity looking for them, that that's like the plot of that game.
That sounds like a neat concept for a game, too.
So where was this from?
I don't know. No, no, no.
It's it's a legit thing that they announced. I don't remember.
I haven't seen that. Dang it.
Let me see.
Sorry, if you can hear my typing coming through.
I have a life left because I'll just be doing nothing but playing all of this.
OK, OK. Supermassive is making the quarry
is making the single player adventure game like,
but you mentioned midwinter entertainment.
They are making the other game, the PVE co-op game that is its own thing.
So these are two separate games.
By the way, I put the picture of Julie as the skib on.
And of course, her knife is like a tanto. I love it.
The other, by the way, the other characters getting the treatment
from Nakamura-san is the oni.
He's getting sort of like the classic ghost where
he's got the candles attached to his head.
For anyone who ever watch Ranma and Nibu no Ichi, it's like Ghost and Coogie.
And then Yui is getting sort of like a semi posh exercisey look.
It's like Yui's day off, I guess.
But anyway, yeah, I thought Yui's getting new cosmetics, too.
So, yeah, there's a lot of exciting stuff going on in Dead by Daylight.
I know we talk about this game a lot because we play it a lot,
but I'll say one other quick thing about it and then we'll move on to other games
because there was a comment that came up in chat and hooked on you on consoles.
Fixie brought up that, you know, Nick Cage, it's not uncommon
for them to release killer or survivors by themselves.
And actually, if you look at the roadmap,
which I think Fixie had pointed out,
the roadmap actually shows that there's going to be either it is it seems
in this new roadmap, there is some new stuff coming out
where killers or survivors are being released on their own.
It actually looks like for this year,
a lot of these upcoming releases are going to be solo killers or survivors,
which indicates they're probably killers
that don't necessarily have a memorable survivor, I hate to say it,
or my hope is the survivor that's coming out on their own.
My hope, my prayer, my demonic worshiping circle, Sidney Prescott,
please let that be the survivor that's coming out on their own
to finally couple with Ghostface. I hope, I hope.
But it's not the same Ghostface unless they do like
like another skin that would be...
They could, yeah, do another skin or I don't think anybody's going to care.
I mean, maybe the Laura Piris will, fine.
But like put Nev and Sidney, they could...
I don't think that Nev has signed off on that, on her likeness.
They could, I could also honestly, and this would be a little bit cheaper,
but they could do it.
But I could see them doing the sisters from five and six,
Jenny Ortega, and I can't remember the other gal's name,
but I could see them doing them as survivors as kind of a
the Freddy character we got was Quentin.
Oh, that would be my other pick.
Heather Logenkamp from Freddy would be a great solo survivor.
Yeah. Although, although if they bring out Nancy,
I want a freaking Alice skin, OK?
Alice was the best. She kicked way more ass.
I'm talking about original Nancy.
Yeah. And Shane points out the franchise is moving on from Nev's character.
So it'd also be weird at this point,
not necessarily because we get classic character releases sometimes,
but I could absolutely see them doing the sisters from the newer movies.
As far as solo killers,
it's funny that somebody brought up the Babadook because actually I,
I think the community would go fucking wild if for Pride Month,
they announced the Babadook as a new killer. I'm sorry.
Like people would go crazy. I think that would be incredible.
I have no idea what the powers would be or anything, but they'll make,
they'll figure out a way. They will. I also, I'm still hoping someday Penny,
I know we have a clown already, but we don't have Pennywise from it.
And that's, that's the killer I most want to see. License.
Fixie brought up Candyman and that's actually been a rumor for like the last
three years because the original actor posted that he was working with behavior
on something.
Oh, that's, of course. And that would make a lot of sense for,
honestly probably doesn't have a survivor with it.
And then B. Morrie.
Oh man. That'd be great.
People have been begging or, or pumpkin head maybe.
But I don't know. You know who I think actually should be the killer?
Kathleen Turner, a serial mom.
Hell yes to that. Hell yes to that. Beverly Sutphin.
But it needs, it needs Mink Stole as the cousin or whoever is,
or the neighbor that's on the phone. You know, did you just say pussy willows?
Anyway. All right. Moving on, moving on. Uh, Loki,
you get to take us away from Dead by Daylight. Bring up,
let's get back to news from this week. So Loki,
what happened in gaming this week?
So this week, uh, Daedric or yeah, Daedalic, um,
Entertainment had released the game Lord of the Rings
Gullum and apparently it was garbage.
It's another game and another, another garbage game. Um,
there's lots of bugs, lots of, uh,
graphic glitches and whatnot. Um,
it's got bad UI that looks horrible. Um,
it just plays like garbage and yeah, so apparently,
oh, and it was a $70 game by the way. Um, so they,
of course put out an apology as you do nowadays.
As this tradition with the white text on a black background and all the,
and all the works. Yep. Yep. Yep. Dear players,
we would like to seriously or sincerely apologize for the underwhelming
experience many of you had with the Lord of the Rings Gullum upon its release.
We acknowledge and deeply regret that the game did not meet your,
meet the expectations we set for ourselves for dedicated community. Yeah.
But you knew that when you released it. So, uh,
we please accept our sincere apologies.
Our goal is to, well, let's see, are they going to fix it?
Our development team has been working diligently to address bugs and technical
issues. Many of you have experienced,
we are committed to providing you with patches that will allow you to enjoy the
game to its fullest potential. You know,
how about you do that before the game comes out? You know, like how about, um,
we look at say, tears of the kingdom, you know,
they've delayed that game by a year to do extra polishing and stuff,
and now you guys are just rushing the stuff out and this isn't the first game.
This is like not even the first game within the last month that has done this.
So
I don't know. I don't know. Stop pre-ordering games. There you go.
You can do that. Yeah. Right. Just stop pre-ordering games. Uh,
and this is why people do that. So, um, yeah. Um,
especially $70 games, like it's like, it runs awful.
But like the fact that you're saying, well, we need $70 for this game, $70.
Once again, when I hear a $70 price tag for a game,
I have a $70 level of expectation for that. And I'm,
I'm tired of people saying, well,
games were more expensive when I was younger and stuff like that,
like on the super Nintendo and stuff like that. Yeah. But the, you,
you forget that that's just the sticker out the door sticker.
You also forget that there's all the game passes. There's the season passes.
There's different battle passes, different DLC.
That was not something that was in available when you had $89
games at, you know, you retailers there for like Street
Fire 2 or something like that.
So you have to remember, even though it's just it,
it's just not, um,
it's just not comfortable.
You can't really draw a comparison from that.
Actually, when I bought Killer Instinct in 1995 for 60 bucks,
that's like 120 bucks today. Yeah.
So 70 now is actually
less than what I would have spent for that then.
And even with DLC and everything,
how many games are you going to pay double the money of the original game?
Well, OK, never mind. I played Dead by Daylight. Never mind.
I'm I'm also like, I'm just sick of studios putting out these types of
notices that we see here on stream and that Loki just read for us when, like,
they knew the game was of a certain quality when it releases.
It was it was these boardroom decisions and investor decisions and,
you know, executive decisions to release the game,
despite the fact that they know it's not in a great condition.
And for once, can I also say this for once?
I would like to see a company put out one of these notices
that just get to the fucking point, release this. This is it.
That's the note we need to see.
Sorry, we fucked up that. That's it.
Like spare me all of these other words and say that you're really sorry
that you fucked up.
Yeah, because half the time when they have these roadmaps
to fix their games and it's it's always a roadmap like you can clearly see
that they needed at least six months to a year's worth of more
development time, but they want to recoup some of their money or whatever.
But like half the time, they don't even bother with fixing everything
that's been broken with it.
Or that pushes off like other like DLC plans and stuff that you may have had.
So you buy the game.
Oh, cool. I'll get this extra content in a month.
Oh, well, no, I can't because they screwed up a bunch of stuff
when they were developing the game.
And now we have to wait another year before we even see any of that.
Shane wants to point out in chat,
OG Killer Instinct is still worth one hundred and twenty bucks
for the soundtrack alone.
I mean, I have to have two copies of the soundtrack. Fair.
Killer Cuts.
Killer Cuts. Yeah, it had like some really weird versions
of some of the stuff, though.
Dejirama says seventy dollars and still no instruction booklet.
Amen to that.
Bring those back.
All right. Let's see. Let's move on.
Oh, another company had a gaming showcase this week.
It wasn't PlayStation, though, but it was another studio
that makes some games that,
you know, I think folks around here probably played a few of these.
And that is Marvelous.
Marvelous Entertainment did a showcase this week of some games.
It was about a 30 minute showcase where they talked about games like
Fashion Dreamer, which is a game of the Nintendo Switch fashion game.
I believe it's actually been shown in some of the Nintendo directs.
So this isn't totally new news.
Project Magia, a new frontier is coming out as well.
Project Life, which is a brand new IP that is influenced from Japanese RPGs.
And then Story of Seasons will continue.
There is another installment for Story of Seasons.
I know some people were really into that on Switch.
So that is going to get a new game as well.
Rune Factory getting a spin off project called Project Dragon
is going to be coming out as well.
And then a confirmation that Rune Factory 6 is underway,
but nothing else to say beyond that right now.
And the last game they showed, or didn't show as the case may be,
was Daemon Demon Cross Machina Titanic Scion.
That is being produced by Marvelous's first studio
and being helmed by producer Kenichiro Tsurakuta.
It is a third person mech shooter series coming out.
I don't know if this is a mech game on your radar, Loki,
but that is something that you can check out.
It is not.
All right.
OK, so that was Marvelous.
DJRomaS in chat says, Ah, Marvelous.
They be hitting with some niche anime games at times.
That is exactly what these folks are known for.
And I know these games are up some of y'all's alley.
So that's why I mention it.
No One Special in chat says,
Does Marvelous Games have any relation to Marvelous Entertainment,
who is behind some anime series?
And DJRomaS, who would know this answer better than I, says,
Yes, same company.
So that's good to know.
All right, let's move on.
Dark Sakura with an interesting update in the preservation realm.
Yes, so there is a well,
there was a rare Castlevania arcade machine,
and it has been preserved so that it can be played on a PC.
It is it works with a controller, but you originally,
I think, had like a whip controller that you would use.
And it's just it was a neat game.
But of course, it was Akuma Joe Dracula.
The arcade is what the name was.
So Demon Castle Dracula.
But in progress, there's a
Discord server that I think that has the information on it.
But I mean, this was like you can play it with a mouse.
You play it with a remote to use the whip mechanic.
But it is considered the rarest in the series
because of just how few of them that they made for Japan and even less for US.
So there is a sorry,
video has a link to download it.
And so what I will do is I will get the YouTube video link
and post it in chat.
And sorry, some of the audio leaked through there.
I try to mute YouTube so that they all stay muted.
But sometimes for whatever reason, it resets.
Yeah, I'm playing the video live on stream here.
So because honestly, I feel like I saw this like one time.
Go ahead.
It was automatically playing for me and I was telling it to stop.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
So but yeah, this is this is definitely like
a piece of Castlevania history that most people probably forgot.
So that's really cool that they got that working, to be honest.
So good for them.
All right, let's I'm pretty, pretty happy.
Yeah, I want to check that out at some point, for sure.
Let's see.
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, I saw this only once at a convention.
Dr. Tzuyu says the music is cool,
but from what I understand, sound effects aren't working yet.
They'll get there.
This reminds me of when they were emulating MAME stuff in the early days,
like a lot of stuff took some time to get right and get the
get all the sound and stuff, but very interesting.
All right.
This is kind of some surprising news, Loki, in the industry.
This is almost a little weird, I'd say.
I feel like this isn't being talked about enough for the volume of what this is.
So apparently and it's still very vague, too,
because we don't know why partnership was with.
But apparently the Embracer group said that a two billion dollar
partnership deal that they had with some other mysterious company
has fallen apart now as of this week.
And so apparently the collapse of the mega deal,
the partner, which has not been revealed, was expected.
Embracer said they had a verbal commitment in October
and described negotiations as taking far longer than expected.
Their shares were down 40 percent.
And of course, you know, they're they're not happy about that.
They said it's been a rough night.
But hey, this is business.
So cool.
There's I mean, there's I'm curious to see what that was about.
Were they looking for an acquisition or something?
Like, were they expecting, you know, two billion dollar investment?
A two billion dollar investment.
That's like this was something major.
And the fact that it was being taught, they had a verbal agreement
and this mystery company backed out of a verbal agreement.
Now, granted, you can do that. It's not a legal agreement.
It's not a binding thing.
But whatever transpired between the verbal agreement
and now whether it was a prototype, I'm assuming there was a prototype
of some sort that was come together in a couple of months.
And it must have been so bad, at least to the rights holder,
that they decided to walk away from a two billion dollar deal like this.
I mean, the thing is something of that magnitude.
This could have ramifications on Embracer Group that are very bad.
And for a studio that's been really trying to build themselves
with the portfolio over time and stuff, this this is
this is just not good.
And the fact that the CEO is being as transparent as this,
which is in part a relief,
but also like very rarely a side that you hear about in games.
I mean, things get canceled all the time.
Agreements get broken all the time.
I don't know if it's at this stage all the time,
but there are things that happen a lot.
Something of this magnitude.
This is huge.
And so it's it's going to have ramifications on Embracer Group's future.
And I think we're all dying to know who the fuck stood them up majorly here.
And but well, it's going to take time.
It will come out eventually.
It always does.
Somebody on the inside will leak it eventually.
But it's going to take some time for that to come out.
DJ Rama S says, Wasn't Tomb Raider involved in this deal?
No, this is a different deal.
But Embracer happens to have Tomb Raider.
Yeah, they already own Tomb Raider.
So no, it's not involved in that.
Yeah, unless it was something about making the games exclusive.
I don't think that I don't think they said I think they said the deal was a new game.
They were going to be investing in like two billion dollars in a new game,
which makes me think it was definitely something on the scope of like an always
online, always connected type of stuff or franchise or something.
I don't know. Yeah, we'll never know.
All right, let's move on to our next story and then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
But first, I've got this story, which is about, of course, Diablo four is on its way.
And Diablo four is doing a partnership again with Kentucky Fried Chicken.
And through this promotion, you can get some very special cosmetics.
So last time it was entry into the closed beta or whatever, you know, the preorder only beta.
This time, the promo period from May 29th, apparently, which is tomorrow.
So I'm not hearing if that's finalized yet through July 2nd.
But certainly around the time this game comes out, you'll be able to earn five special in-game rewards.
They are weapons because there's five classes in the game.
So they are five weapons, including things like the Dread Pheasant Slayer for you.
Get it? Pheasants, chickens.
That's something you can get for your rogue.
You can also get the Vessel of the Eleven, which is for your druid.
Get it? Eleven herbs and spices.
That's stupid.
This is colossally stupid, but I kind of love it.
No, the best pun, the best pun of them all.
Hold on. I'm going to bring this up on the other screen because it's one of those things you have to see it to believe it.
All right. You ready? You ready?
The best pun of them all, the Foul Reaper.
I quit, I'm done by.
Logging off.
That's awesome.
I'm so glad I hate the collab, but I like I like how I like that.
They leaned into it.
I'm glad. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. They're leaning into it.
Now, that said, while while cringy as it is, it's still not up to the magnum opus.
That was the cup noodle.
It's really, you know, cross Final Fantasy 15 like that was just that's just that's just a level of amazement that we'll never, ever see again in this life.
Look, you you all wondered what Intern Drew is up to these days.
I'm very glad he got a job.
Very glad that he got a job at KFC's marketing department.
Side job.
Well, I mean, yeah, because he and I are co-workers.
Don't ruin the fun. Stop ruining the fun.
All right. All right.
Well, let's let's have some fun with a classic segment.
I don't know what I like to do here on Orange Lounge Radio, but I will let the bump say the rest.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, DarkSakura, what did you pick for the game this week?
While I get the b-roll queued up here.
I know you're going to laugh because I did it just for you.
I know. Honestly, it was one of those things when you when I saw this, I was like, wait, one of those nights that DarkSakura wasn't here.
I never picked this game.
How is that possible?
Because you must be psycho and have ESPN.
I guess. All right.
So what is the classic game of the week?
It's Diablo. The Diablo.
The one and only.
Without without a numerical modifier.
So Diablo is an action RPG that was developed by
developed by Blizzard North and released by Blizzard Entertainment.
It came out in July 1997 and is the very first in the series.
It is set in the kingdom of Konduras in the mortal realm.
And you play a hero who works to rid the world of Diablo, the Lord of Terror,
and then you fight through randomly generated dungeon levels
and then go to hell and then you face Diablo.
So there were also expansion packs for this.
And November the same year by synergistic software came Diablo Hellfire.
And then EA did release Diablo for PlayStation.
It was also the version was developed by Climax Studio
and had direct control of the main character's direction
using the PlayStation controller instead of the point and click like the original.
There's a Sega Saturn version considered, but never released.
It's been up there as considered one of the greatest games of all time.
And of course, it's had sequels.
Diablo two, Diablo three, and now Diablo four just about to come out.
And in 2022, there was a mobile version called Diablo Immortal.
Anywho, you in the original, of course, you point and click and go different places.
You have actions like casting a spell with your keyboard.
You get items, you learn spells, defeat enemies and interact with NPCs.
The dungeons, as I said earlier, they are procedurally generated
with themes for each level, like a catacomb with long corridors
and rooms and caves are more nonlinear.
And of course, different items to help you level up.
So there are three character classes.
You have the warrior, the rogue and the sorcerer,
and each have different attributes, of course.
And, you know, of course, like the warrior is low magic, but
he can't learn the higher spells like the sorcerer can.
But he's a hardcore melee guy, you know,
and then the rogue is the mid range weapon type person.
And then in Hellfire, the monk was added,
who is proficient at melee with staff.
And later on, we got the bard and the barbarian.
They were actually unfinished.
And but they were in.
The game is hidden characters, and you could enable them with a little bit of hack
and you would basically
give the rogue and the warrior their abilities.
You could get, you know, all kinds of items, white items
were normal, blue were magic, gold were unique.
Anything that was not one of those, they had to be identified.
You got bows, you got blades.
You could pay an NPC to have items restored.
You know, just all kinds of stuff like that was fairly
in depth. And there's multiplayer.
So you get to play up to four players.
The characters are saved periodically.
And you can either be aggressive
or play co-op with other players.
You would use a modem connection or battle.net back in the day.
The old battle.net
or IPX network connection.
It did not have the anti-cheats that the later characters did.
So lots of people altered the characters.
And there were lots of trainers out there using the cheat engine.
But at any rate, I'm not going to go too much into the story,
because honestly, if you haven't played it now, then hey.
But it was conceived by David Breivik
while they were developing the fighting game Justice League
Task Force in 1995 and developed by Japanese studio Sunsoft
with two American studios, Condor Games, which became Blizzard North
on Sega Genesis and Silicon Snaps for SNES.
So basically, he wanted to do a roguelike
that had turn-based gameplay, but wanted it to have
a quicker enhancement, quicker leveling through it.
And so, you know, they also had plenty of influences in it,
like Telengard, Legend of Zelda, Doom.
And then Diablo was based on Mount Diablo, where Breivik lived.
That's pretty cool.
Just bring in your influences.
The game was conceived originally to be a claymation game,
like Clay Fighter, but they went for 3D isometrics instead.
So Blizzard acquired Condor Games and named them to Blizzard South.
And then there was Blizzard.
Sorry, their Irvine location was called Blizzard South
and Condor Games was called Blizzard North.
And then Blizzard South was at the time working on Warcraft 2.
This also, though, led to the development of Battle.net.
So to keep going on, the music for Diablo only had six tracks.
It was composed by Matt Ilman and the soundtrack was released in 2011.
Diablo would normally require the original CD to play,
but there are shareware versions out there.
It's called Diablo Spawn, and then you could unlock different things.
And then finally, of course, there's, I believe,
the GOG version that has some enhancements now in 2019.
They didn't think it was going to sell great.
They thought it would be OK.
But because of all the positive press, the estimates actually shut up.
Their preorders surpassed 450,000 units.
And so their original shipment of 500,000 units
had to be staggered so that people could get their copy.
It held number one for three months before being displaced
by X-Wing versus TIE Fighter, which is another game I probably need to cover.
But yeah, I mean, the game was very well received.
The 94 out of 100 on Metacritic, which is pretty damn high.
Not everyone liked it.
Like, IGN gave it a 7.5 out of 10 for the PlayStation version.
But the PC version was definitely ranked higher than the PlayStation version.
The PlayStation version kind of had its issues, too.
Like, I understand why people would rank it lower, for sure.
So, like I said, there were
expansion packs and Blizzard actually sold the world rights
to develop, publish and distribute the console versions to EA in 1996.
So that's when, in 1998,
the PlayStation version came out that had no online play.
It had a two-player co-op mode.
But there were new lighting effects, auto-aimings for weapons,
an option for increased game speed.
And the weird thing is that it doesn't support the PlayStation mouse.
There was a PAL release that was dubbed into French and German and Swedish.
And then, of course,
the 1998 Blizzard Game of the Year collection contained
Diablo, StarCraft and Warcraft II.
And then the anthology that came out in 2000 included
Diablo, StarCraft, StarCraft Brood War, Warcraft II Battle.net Edition.
And so, yeah, there's just been like a bajillion releases overall.
And then for the 20th anniversary at BlizzCon,
this is in 2016,
Diablo III would receive a patch called The Darkening of Tristam
that recreated the original game with a 16-level dungeon,
four main bosses from the 1997 one and special graphic filters,
eight directional limited speed like the original.
They did a test patch and then the public test realm,
and then they had it in there.
So you can still get the game on GOG.
There's two versions.
There's the original 1996 version and a DirectX-based version
built in-house by GOG that has extra display and graphical options.
So that is your game, Diablo.
Great pick, and I really can't state
how many hours I lost in college
on Battle.net playing this game,
because you were talking about some of the multiplayer stuff in there.
And this is this is an epic game to be playing on Battle.net,
because, you know, this is in the era of like Doom and Quake
and those same games are coming out.
But I was never good at the first person shooters.
But this this is definitely more my jam.
But it's it's weird because it's this is a really hard game
to go back and play now.
Like I've picked it up on GOG and the Diablo III integrations cute.
But, you know, it's still Diablo III basically with Diablo levels.
But I picked it up on GOG and I tried to go back and play it.
And it's it's it's hard.
It's even hard to play Diablo II now, honestly.
But obviously without it, you know, I think there's so many ARPGs,
action based RPGs that owe so much to Diablo that we just you know,
we wouldn't we wouldn't have these games without Diablo.
So. Yeah, great pick.
All right. Of course you do.
All right. We're going to get to some rapid fire news
and then some world release dates.
And then we're going to open it up to you all
who might want to participate with the show tonight
over on our Discord over at vog network dot com slash discord.
Or I'm going to see as well.
Maybe we have some tweets tonight.
I don't know if we had emails.
I don't think I saw any come in, but we'll see.
But let's get to the rapid fire news first.
Loki. Yeah.
So they have a brand new Lego set that's super exciting.
It is kind of cool.
It is a Pac-Man bar top cabinet.
This looks fucking rad.
And it's pretty sweet because they actually have like elements
on the game of the play field to actually move around
when you like turn a crank and stuff.
Yeah, it looks pretty sweet.
Like this is actually, I think, up to the level of like the Lego
and Nintendo Entertainment System that they did.
The twenty six hundred one wasn't as great, but this one looks really cool.
So that is going to be out.
I don't know when it's actually out here.
Oh, June 4th.
For two hundred and seventy dollars.
It looks really cool, I think.
I mean, they started that whole sort of live element with the Nintendo.
Yeah, so that was pretty cool.
Yeah, looks cool.
So I have to check it out.
And then, of course, so we have Super Mario Advance
now joining Nintendo Switch online, so they've added that as well as
what was it, Yoshi's Island, Super Mario Advance three and Super Mario World
Mario Advance two, which, you know, those are just ports of the other games.
So. Cool. All right.
I'm excited about that.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, for another little
teensy bit of news is that the most evil of all Tetris games,
which is Tetris, the absolute Grandmaster two plus,
it will be showing up on the switch via the Arcade Archives
collection starting on June 1st.
And yeah, be prepared to cry.
It's painful. It is.
All right. And I've seen people beat like do tournaments on that.
And oh, my God. Well, I mean, just don't blink.
It is summer games done quick season.
So we have to bring up our old pal Kevin DDR, who,
you know, was there a few years doing Grandmaster
and showed us all how it was done, for sure.
All right. Speaking of summer season, it's also time almost for summer game fest.
Of course, we know that without E3,
this is kind of going to be one of the press events we are getting.
It is going to be, of course, on June 8th.
We know all this already.
What's the new stuff we're getting this week?
Word from Jeff Keighley that the live show will feature three or four things
that are, quote, pretty big for this audience.
I think that's I think that's living in Vagueville.
I think the thought of six.
Yeah. Yeah, right.
Pretty big is also a very relative thing, right?
Like Elden Ring was a huge fucking deal to a lot of people.
But there's other people that were like, you know, so I think it's it's very.
You know, relative, but I think it's going to
I'm excited to see what they come up with, for sure.
So. All right.
We'll see at the event
on June 8th, which is less than two weeks away at this point.
Yes, it's going to start ramping up these next few weeks, that's for sure.
That's for sure.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some games
that are coming out this week.
Here we are. We're getting the big releases, right, Loki?
Only one of them, though, remember, because the other one's
actually two weeks from now.
So we have Etrian Odyssey
Origins Collection on PC and Nintendo Switch
of Company of Heroes three on PlayStation five and Xbox series.
Far World Pioneers on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox
one, Xbox series, friends versus friends on PC.
System Shock on PC. Oh, yeah.
That's yeah. That reboot. Yeah. Yeah.
We have Gunfire Reborn on PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Homebody on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation
five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Loop eight Summer of the Gods on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Killer Frequency on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one, Xbox series.
Shantae on PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Street Fighter six on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five and Xbox series.
And last but not least, we love Katamari Reroll Plus Royal Reverie
on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series.
I forgot you're right.
Diablo four is technically two weeks because the early access is this week.
So technically, yes, it's two weeks.
But, you know, the the crazies like me will be playing it a little early.
All right. But I'm sure it look either you're playing
Diablo four or you're playing Street Fighter six this weekend.
Like it's a big weekend for games or maybe the Katamari rerelease
sounds pretty good, too.
There's a lot of good stuff in the future.
All right. Well, let's travel over to Japan where you have a lot of overlap
as well. And we have a week where we have big game releases coming out.
We mentioned Marvelous earlier in the show, and they are releasing in Japan
this week, Loop eight Summer of Gods on the Switch, which I believe
we heard in the US as well.
We love Katamari Reroll and Royal Reverie is out this week as well.
Reverie, excuse me, is out as well in Japan this week.
Eterion Odyssey Origins Collection is also out in Japan this week.
And that is in a regular and a limited edition because of course it is.
And that is it for Japan on the Switch.
But let me take a look at PS5 real quick.
Company Heroes three is out on May 30th.
That same collection of We Love Katamari is out as well on the PlayStation five.
And of course, Street Fighter six also released in Japan
this week on the second same day as everywhere else.
Speaking of everywhere else, what's going on in Europe? Dark Sakura?
Oh, only a few things, really.
We've got a killer frequency on the first,
and that is for PlayStation, Xbox and Switch.
And then the others are on the second for Switch.
We have We Love Katamari Reroll and Royal Reverie.
Try saying that really fast.
And then on PlayStation and Xbox, we have Street Fighter six.
Something that I actually already have on Steam
is coming out later in the month, and that's Aka R.
Oh. Yeah, which was originally
a failed Atari game like like there was a proto.
And then it's getting it has its release on Steam.
So interesting. Very, very trippy game.
All right. Well, we are about to the close of the show.
We'll get some last minute stories here in a little bit.
But first, we want to open up the roundtable to all of you.
You can call in via our Discord channel in the green room over at vognetwork.com
slash discord.
We already have somebody in the green room waiting to be on the air.
So why don't we bring them in?
It's been a few weeks since we've heard from this individual.
Hello. You are on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, it's Fixation Gaze.
Hey, Fixation Gaze.
May I call you Fixie?
Of course. How are you doing tonight, Fixie?
Great, great.
I just wanted to pop in to talk about something that's kind of important
in the realm of video games, but also in the realm of video game movies.
Oh, which one?
Let's hear it.
Hadn't heard much chatter in the Discord about the Iron Lung movie
coming out by Mark Fischbach.
Well, he's directing and starring in it.
If you haven't talked about it yet, we have not.
So please enlighten us.
OK, so first I'm going to start off with the preface of Iron Lung,
which was an indie game done in 2022.
It is about basically being in a tiny submarine in an ocean
of blood on a moon in a post-apocalyptic world.
Oh, I remember that.
It was played by the by Mark Fischbach,
also known as like his better gamer tag, which is Markiplier.
And he immediately fell in love with the game,
reached out to the indie developer, which is David.
I'm going to butcher this last name.
Oh, gosh, where is it?
Now I know where I heard it is.
I heard this.
I heard this is the Markiplier connection.
Yeah, Skamansky, I think.
Skamansky. Yeah.
And so Markiplier recently
released a trailer for the movie,
which he has already finished filming. Wow.
Yeah. And he I'm expecting a lot out of this,
considering I don't know if you guys have seen his other work,
such as In Space with Markiplier, which almost won him an Emmy.
He was Emmy nominated for that.
The Death of Markiplier,
which was also like his kind of branch out into making this sort of content.
But he is now kind of severeing
harder into the movie instead of the action adventure
sort of click story mode he did, where you could pick different options to go on.
But now he is fully immersed into the movie creation,
which is one of the passions that he has mentioned for his his newer projects,
which I'm super excited to see him make more movies. Hmm.
And for the record, if you want the game on Steam,
the deluxe edition is under seven bucks.
Oh, yeah, it's an incredible game.
It's very affordable for the absolute terror it brings.
For the fact that Mark played it once and then was like, I need to make a movie.
I think it's yeah, I think it's also fascinating
how we've gone from like YouTube personality
to like now taking on Hollywood, like literally YouTube taking on Hollywood.
And I know we've kind of talked about this for for years now,
about the hours that people spend watching YouTube or say things like Twitch
or other type of content online versus, you know,
how much people are watching cable and, you know, movies
and streaming services and so forth. This is very interesting to me,
this pivot and how he's going to be able to
mobilize his audience to support something like that
and what kind of profit it can ultimately make versus Hollywood.
What's really surprising is he actually has mentioned his issues with Hollywood
and with because he he was I mentioned he's Emmy nominated. Right.
He went to the red carpet.
He was on the red carpet and he commented like not saying it in a narcissistic way,
but that nobody talked to him because they didn't care nor knew who he was.
He made something that was far longer
than a movie in space with Markiplier, if you haven't seen it.
It's, you know, a choice game where you can go on several endings
through several different like timelines based off of your choices
in which video you press, which choices you make.
And it was an incredible feat for for acting, for effects.
It was like watching a movie that was 10 hours long. Huh.
And you could keep it had replayability
because you could find a new ending, you could find a secret.
It was a whole thing.
And it got him Emmy nominated.
And nobody cared about this new evolution in movie making.
Nobody thought, huh, what if we took this
and we made it like an in-depth thing for our movies?
What if choices like we could do voting in movie theaters
to see how something would end?
But instead, they kind of flatlined
when it came to actually talking to him or networking with him.
And so now he has a lot more passion towards making a movie
because he wants that to be recognized.
He doesn't want YouTube or Twitch streamers to be sidelined
for Hollywood celebrities and directors who are already out there.
Number one, everything you're saying about this, though,
replaced with Twin Peaks, The Return, and that's how I feel about it.
The 10 hour TV show that was a movie based on one long movie,
completely snubbed by the Emmys and all that stuff.
It was a disgusting robbery of epic proportions.
But yeah, but but on a serious note, I admire, you know, I'm going to be honest,
I don't follow a lot of the big YouTubers.
I'm aware of Markiplier.
Everything I've heard about him is that he's one of the good guys.
You know, a lot of people seem to be really into him and that he's
essentially a director.
Yeah. And essentially a pretty nice guy.
I love that he is forcing himself into the room because
and there's there's a lot of places. I mean,
not to get all grandpa, but I'm going to for a minute, you know,
think about when podcasting first came, first,
think about when podcasting first rolled out and this whole show and how we had
to insert ourselves into the conversation because people weren't
like willing to take this whole emerging thing seriously, right?
Like people don't want to take podcasts seriously because we weren't an
established magazine or, you know, things like that. Now,
not that I'm trying to put us on the same scale as Markiplier. However,
what I am saying is that I have a respect for somebody who is forcing their way
into the conversation, whether Hollywood is ready for it or not.
I think that's great. And I wish him luck. I really do.
Markiplier is a fascinating case study of somebody who has repeatedly made,
like, I'm going to say, take for example,
another thing that he did was technically like directed and, uh,
that was Unus Annus,
which a lot of people cast by the wayside until it was way too late because the
entirety of Unus Annus,
even though he was making one video every single day and he was producing those
videos and editing those videos, same day, every day for an entire year.
But if you actually read into it, there was a script, there was a story.
And sometimes you wouldn't see it cause some videos were like rooted in reality,
but it went into a very,
very nuanced discussion about death and about leaving your mark and about
lasting longer than your life. Like what your,
what is your content going to say about you in 40 years when you're gone?
And then it was all gone, deleted because of everything eventually is gone.
You,
even your legacy will be gone someday and that you need to live in the present
in the moment and make for yourself.
And that was a beautiful thing that people didn't realize until it was way
gone. And we are left with only memory of what he did.
And that in of itself is another innovation that people are kind of
overlooking because they go, Oh, Markiplier, he's one of the big dogs.
He just isn't for the money.
He is a director and he has been refining his
talent for years.
And it's now that people are going to finally like recognize that
he is, he's a talented director and he is pushing games.
He is pushing movies and he's pushing YouTubers. Honestly,
he is creating a platform for YouTubers to rise up from just being YouTubers
and to being creators that the public respects.
Um, I got our chat rooms lighting up.
I got to get some of these comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Uh, E3VL says Hollywood is part of a cliche.
Prince Peach Fuzz says Hollywood is full of nepotism.
Um, SSJ100Matt says James Cameron will do the same thing and everyone will think
it was his idea. Ouch. The truth in that comment. Um,
DJ Rama S says I've had anime cons reject my press application because they said
podcasting isn't a news outlet. And this is, and this is the thing,
but I bet they will give press passes to a small newspaper out of a small town
in, you know, you name the country or you name the County USA.
I'm not trying to use corporate sponsored podcasts.
Yeah, exactly. And I'm not trying to shade the,
like these newspapers because let's be real, like newspapers and magazines,
it's a dying art form. However, my point is,
it's a very old school set of criteria.
How many people actually into anime fandom are going to read that article on the
back page of a newspaper versus the amount of fans that would care about the
subject matter that your show reaches. And I would bet your show,
as small as it is,
reaches more people than some of the newspapers they're giving press passes to.
And again, I'm not trying to be shady towards the newspaper,
but I am trying to be shady towards these old school ways of thinking.
People are scared of podcasts. Honestly,
like people are scared because podcasts are independent and that means that
they are not, they are not paid for.
They are just people who are speaking with a microphone and that's what people
are scared of. They want to be able to pay that press off.
They don't want to have somebody actually come to their show and be like,
so this is the stuff I didn't like.
This is the stuff I liked because they want money in the pocket.
There's another reason why Pump Up the Volume is one of my favorite movies.
That's the reason is, you know, what they were doing with their ham radios,
you know, is what we now do with, with our podcasts and our live radio.
Oh no, that's, remember Orange Launch Radio is not rooted in podcasting.
I think that's a, that's a very, you know,
because the show is so old it predates podcasting.
I'm sorry to make this topic about us, but it's going to happen.
Is that if you think of this show is inspired by long
form radio shows, which you rarely hear about anymore. That's why,
cause everybody always goes, they, you know,
when I introduced the show and talk about it at conventions,
I can't tell you how often I hear from other podcasters,
you do a two and a half, three hour podcast and every week people listen to that.
I'm like, yeah, it might not be 11 D billion people.
We might not have the reach of a IGN or something like that,
but you know what? There are people that are like, Hey,
I'm going to put in my earbuds as I'm doing my work on Monday and you get me
through the entire day on Monday. And I love it. And that's, you know,
that's why we keep doing what we're doing. You know,
maybe we need to evolve, but I don't think so.
I love what we're doing to be honest. We've evolved.
I love Orange Launch Radio. Honestly, since Dark Separat showed it off me.
And I hope I'm a listener for a very long time.
Thank you. I hope you are too. Well, and, and, and.
For killing all of us in dead by daylight, right?
Don't apologize. Do it again. I told you how we met, right? We had a bad bill.
Oh, there was something to be in the bad. And I didn't know.
That's right.
He was going around behind me and Gwen making noises and fast vaulting and shit.
And so we talked to Fixie about it afterwards.
And then Fixie watched the stream,
which I also believe was when we all fell in love with get bonked, bitch.
Yeah, it was hilarious.
I didn't realize because when you're streaming one sided as a killer,
you're not thinking of what the other person is saying.
So I go back and I watch it. I was like, oh God, that bill is actually.
Oh, wait, they said something as they bonked me. That's hilarious.
And I absolutely fell in love with Dark Sakura and the group,
and apparently I've been adopted as their sibling. So that is.
I have adopted Fixie.
Fixie.
Although from what I heard about your age earlier in the show,
you might actually be the niece, nephew.
What?
Rob.
What?
Nope.
Nope.
I guess you could call me next gen Orange Lounge radio.
Oh, love that. Love that.
It's going to be you and Loki's kids.
That's it.
Instead of Orange Lounge, we're going to have you be the Tangerine Dream.
Oh, God.
That reminds me too much of
the Jamba Juice smoothie, the Orange Dream Machine.
Orange Lounge Radio 2.0 or not New Coke, but New Orange Lounge.
There you go.
You have to call in and talk about food one day.
It has to be the the Star Trek font going next gen.
The next generation. I love that.
I love that.
To make it all edgy.
Anyway, I won't take any more of your time.
I just wanted to pop in and talk about a project that's near and dear to me
and also just needs to be talked about more.
So I'll hop on out.
It was wonderful talking with you.
It was wonderful to have you here.
Fixie in a little bit anyway, right?
Hmm.
We get to hear more from you in a little bit, though, right?
Yeah, there's definitely going to be a stream.
All right. Well, thank you so much, Fixie.
Oh, go ahead.
I'm rebranding my avatar.
So if people pop on over to soccer or my streams,
they're going to see something new.
All right. Sounds good.
We'll be keeping an eye out after the show here,
which will wrap up in just a few minutes.
We're going to sneak in one more call here before we do.
But have a good one, Fixie.
Thanks so much for the call.
You too, Rob. All right. Bye bye.
I always appreciate when they take a moment to call into the show.
It's always pleasant to hear from them.
Fixie is a quality person.
Yeah, let's move to another call because somebody else
just popped in the green room and I want to take this call, too.
So hi there. You are on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
The one and only D.J.
Ron Mez, how is everybody doing tonight?
I'm fabulous now that you're here, Rama.
It's great to have you here.
Rob, what?
My brother in Christ.
Wow. I haven't been called that ever.
Jamie, my sister in Christ, Loki, my other brother in Christ.
Let me tell you, I don't know what you know about Jamie's personal life, but
how about how about we just say mishpocha?
Fair enough.
Now, there's no secret that
M.A. Jam Session is loosely based off of Orange Lounge Radio.
OK, and I know it's a cool show.
Imitation is the finest form of flattery.
Thank you so much.
I like what Fixie said.
From another console.
Oh, my God.
So part of the reason why I started podcasting is because I have
I can't write. I'm terrible with writing.
Jamie has read my emails.
She has given me grief for it.
I've had a manager that has given me grief for it.
I feel this one hundred percent.
In high school, I had to take the regents exams.
I double talked my way through the essays just so I could pass.
And I would write con reports for other websites, including my own.
And it got to I just can't do this.
I just feel like I'm repeating myself over and over.
And I realize if I write notes and I talk about these notes
and I get feedback.
This is DJ Rama S taking me to church.
This is DJ Rama S taking me to church because I understand him
one hundred percent when he says he can't write.
Neither can I.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Preach. You you sit in the pew and listen.
Play my grandma. She was the English major.
So once I got this going, I'm like, we're going to go to conventions,
we're going to keep this up.
I would sit there and I felt these applications.
They wanted to know about the last three or four con reports.
I'm just like, shit, I put the links in
and I would tell them exactly what I was going to do for some conventions.
I'm a one man band running around taking pictures, doing interviews,
all this and all that.
And I would tell them we do this on a weekly podcast.
And they will come back and say, well,
we don't know what podcasting is, so it's not a viable news outlet.
So therefore, your press application has been rejected.
And I'm just like, are you kidding me right now?
I would say you provide live entertainment.
With syndicated publishing.
I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to write that down.
I swear to I swear to God.
Oh, how you praise it.
I swear to God, we're going to just start a Vogue network newspaper.
And then that way we can all say we work for a newspaper called Vogue Network.
And that will print one issue every month or one one copy of an issue every month.
So that way it's done and put it in a in a bin somewhere.
And that's it. And then they'll be like newspapers.
Those are so old.
Now, you know, it's about Rob.
Honestly, that would be really good for my resume.
I love Fixies comment.
We could do a zine. Fuck yes.
We're taking it back to 97.
We're going to do a fucking zine.
I love it. We're going to staple them and do them on a mimeograph.
Don't mind me, I am getting my coffee because, you know, I had to talk,
you know, I had to talk.
Spill that tea, Rama, spill it.
Well, you say if we do the e-zine, we have to save a PDF
version on the website so we can have an archive.
Yeah, yeah.
By the way, Rama, I have to ask.
I have to have you do something for me, but I'll tell you offline
because it involves going to a Jewish deli in Crown Heights.
I got you.
I can't help but wonder, is this is this related to why I just got a con report
for publication at VOG Network?
Because I feel like it might be along those lines.
Yes. Yes.
That's why we built it.
Great. Can't wait to push the publish button on it.
Yes, I. Yeah.
You know, it's like there are some conventions they are like,
oh, I see what you do.
We'll give you a press pass and others are like, yeah, no.
I've had people like I have never heard of you or I've been told, well,
here's what you got to do.
Your Alexa ranking has to be a certain amount.
And I'm just like, are you kidding me?
I'm going to fucking barf.
You know what? I want some money right here.
Does it look like I have Alexa ranking money in my pocket? OK.
No, like some rankings on my Internet in the year twenty twenty three.
What the fuck is your Internet still powered by a fourteen four hundred
baud modem? Like, get the fuck out of here.
Alexa Ray. Is Alexa even still a thing?
Listen, listen, me and Alexa are on a first name basis.
So it's fine. I'm sorry.
Was my GeoCities address not good enough for you?
Fuck. There is another reason why press outlets like mine
do not like read pop. OK.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
There's a reason why I stopped putting in applications.
Oh, OK. I actually want you to say, well, your site's not popular enough,
so we're going to reject your press pass.
Well, you couldn't pull off E3.
So there the man said, the man said, that is all.
The man said it.
There's no love lost between me and read pop.
As I've told people who keep asking me every year, are you going to Comic-Con?
Absolutely not. It is too crowded for me.
Somebody hit my camera.
These hands are ready to eat for everyone.
I understand they have some anime stuff.
It was the one year they joined forces with Anime Expo
and it was a giant cluster.
OK. All right.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry to all the smart speakers
I've been setting off, apparently, by saying the A-L-E-X-A word over and over.
Sorry, Pod Culture and others.
I'm going to go down this rabbit hole and and I apologize for nothing.
Amistad was a cakewalk compared to how and read pop
and AX pulled off their anime weekend.
OK, it was like that.
But now that we're at a point where everybody's doing a podcast
and people are saying this, it's getting oversaturated.
I'm like, it's only oversaturated if you listen to too many podcasts.
I do mine. I listen to Yo Guy.
I listen to a lot of people.
I still have time to listen to music and do what I got to do.
Everybody wants to do something.
So you roll with it.
I tell people, if you want to do a podcast, just do it.
Don't listen to somebody who says you just do it.
You never know.
As long as you have the love in your heart for it, just have at it.
Here's the thing.
You ready? Get your tea, because I'm going to spill some.
Get it.
Oh, sucky sucky now.
This is some spicy hot tea, because you fucking ready for this?
I'm going to say it like it is.
When people say that the market is saturated by podcasts,
what they really mean is that the market is saturated by white men in
their basement doing a podcast.
There is nothing wrong with trying to bring more diverse perspectives
and opinions to the table and enabling more people to get their words
out there, because it is through that diversity and through those
other lenses that we are going to get the criticism that a lot of
these old fart ways so desperately need when it comes to these
conventions and these other things that have been built around a
culture that only listens to these particular voices.
Sip on that, because that's what saturation, that's what it is.
That is some bitter vinegar that they all need to drink.
Let me just say this, and I'm going to go about my way.
I'm going to finish my nice, nice roast of coffee here.
I find it amusing that there are some conventions that will not accept
my site or certain others, but yet we're the ones that are doing everything.
I got one person doing interviews.
I got one person actually writing the reports.
I got one person doing photography and we after the end of the weekend,
what do we do?
We have something ready for you on Tuesday.
A week later, we got the com report for you.
A few weeks, a couple of weeks later, the photos are edited and
ready to share with the world.
I don't see anybody else.
And as many cons I have gone to and they talk about, oh, we only have
limited amount of press passes, sometimes I find that I'm the only one
that's actually there doing stuff, OK?
But it's OK because I love what I do.
And that's that and that and that is how OLR has lasted 21 years next month.
And now we know.
And knowing is half the battle.
On that note, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap this shit up for the night.
Do you have any final thoughts or would you like to plug your, you know, little
underground show that a few cons have heard of?
Yes, I would like everybody, if they're free Tuesday nights around nine o'clock,
to swing through vognetwork.com and animejamsession.com to check out
anime jam session on Twitch and you'll hear me talk about how I should be, I
should not be buying any more figurines and stuff like that because I had four of
them arrive at my porch this week and I've kind of started running out of room.
I just spent three hours clearing out my closet to make space.
And I just got a new Nightcrawler figure.
Girl, girl, I'm going to turn all the lights on if you can see it.
I have, there's a bunch of figurines right there.
There's a bunch more behind the door over here.
There's a bunch of pops up there.
I should swing the camera around so you should see it.
Do you see this?
I see it.
I see it.
Definitely like the board game.
Mario, Mario Kondo is about to punch you both in the face.
Just saying.
Oh, Rob, I'm so proud of you for saying her name, right?
But I also went out and got this.
I got an awesome PDR shirt at the collection and I realized I've run out
of space in the drawer to put it away.
Actually in my defense, it's because I've been cleaning out other rooms
that a bunch of shit's in here, including like some of my gym equipment.
So.
If you all could stop comparing sizes for a minute.
Excuse me while I whip this joke.
Rob, I'm sorry.
I did not know your size, King.
I am so sorry.
Don't, don't you forget it.
All right.
Get off my program.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I can't with you.
I cannot.
But I love you.
Love you, Mean It.
All right.
Take care of my friend.
Till next time.
The one and only DJ Roma S from Anime Jam Session, Tuesdays as a part of the
Voice of Geeks network, but on their own Twitch channel at twitch.tv slash
Anime Jam Session.
Whoo.
All right.
Uh, oh, I had a quick, quick question from Twitter that came through and here it
is, uh, from Garth the Wolf over, uh, to our Twitter at OLR.
We love Garth Wolf.
For all three hosts, name one Final Fantasy series.
Oh, your favorite topic, Jamie.
Name one Final Fantasy series song that resonates with you.
Um, um, I really like Kiss Me Goodbye.
I mean, it's just, I love the Angela Aki, like in a really, really, I just
love her voice so much.
Um, and I'm sad that she hasn't put on any new music, but I know that she
went in, uh, to study music in the U S but her, her voice is amazing.
If you want to hear a really good song by her, listen to Tagami and, um, which
means letter, and it's about her talking to her younger self, um, and of
course you want to find translation.
She has covered so many bands in, um, in Japanese.
Uh, she did, she did, we are the champions in Japanese.
Um, but her voice is probably one of my favorite singing voices ever.
And Kiss Me Goodbye is such a good song.
It was actually the song that got her charted.
Uh, I remember, oh, go ahead.
Sorry.
I just remember, uh, reading an interview with her where she went to go see, um, I
think it was Anna Tsuchiya at the Budokan and she was like, I want to be up there
one day.
And then right after that, she got the thing for, uh, Squenix to, to do the
song.
And a year later she was playing at the Budokan.
Um, Loki, do you have an answer for this?
Otherworld from Final Fantasy X.
Ah, good pick.
Um, I have two answers for this.
I would say probably above and beyond Terra's theme from Final Fantasy VI.
Um, there's just something epic about the way that game opens with the mech in the
snow.
And there's just, I, the way they kind of weave that theme throughout the game
itself.
And, you know, just the iconic, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
I think it's just, it's, it's just so powerful.
That's just such a powerful, meaningful song.
A more contemporary answer I would actually throw out there, I'm going to go
to 14.
I have to, but I would say the song To the Edge, which is the fight that you do
against the Warrior of Light, um, uh, that you fight as part of the, um, uh,
Shadowbringers expansion fights.
The reason why I say that song, when you find out the story behind it, how, um,
Soken, the main, main composer you may or may not recall was, was battling
cancer, uh, and was actually in the hospital when he wrote that song.
And it gives a whole nother layer and depth to that, that is so powerful, um,
that I would highly, even if you don't enjoy 14, you don't go watch a video of
this fight, the Warrior of Light fight, or To the Edge is the name of the song.
It's just, I mean, it doesn't really relate to any other Final Fantasy game,
besides who you're fighting, obviously, which is a really cool interpretation of
the original Final Fantasy I Warrior of Light, but just when you hear the full
backstory behind that, it's powerful.
Um, and just, just goes to show how Soken, not that, not that, um, Nobuimatsu,
my God, brain fart, not that Uematsu can ever be replaced, but if there must be a
successor, Soken is a hundred percent worthy of that.
He's so good.
May I actually make an addition, then?
Yeah, please.
All, all of the music outside of Uldah.
Mmm.
Yeah, I just-
I could sit and listen to that for hours.
The work-
Because I haven't listened to it for hours.
The work that Soken has done on Final Fantasy XIV, history will look back on
it and realize what an impactful fucking guy he was on, on gaming music.
I mean, just the guy from Mario Tennis went on to did this, do this.
It's incredible.
It's incredible.
Anyway, those are my answers, Garth.
All right.
On that note, um, Dark Soccer, I think you were going to bow out just a little early
because I know you wanted to do something before you start your stream, so-
Yeah, I want to make a sandwich.
I'm hungry.
No worries.
Before I check in with Loki on any final stories, then let me go to you with any
final thoughts you might have before I wrap it up tonight.
Are they Final Fantasy thoughts?
If you want them to be.
Uh, no, I don't really have any.
Oh yeah.
Um, I, uh, I, I really am kind of getting obsessed with ballet.
Like, I feel awesome.
Good.
And insane.
I found muscles that I didn't know were in my body and all of them are right
around my hip and my knees and they're like, Hey, guess what?
You old, but, but I, uh, I, I, I fall in love with it more and more every day.
And I, I feel like I can call myself a dancer, even if I'm, I never liked dancing
before, unless it was DDR, you remember me saying that ballet has become my DDR.
All right.
Well, my friend, I'm going to let you go have a good stream tonight.
All right.
Have fun storming the castle.
We'll try.
All right.
Think it'll work.
It'll take a miracle.
There you go.
Bye.
See, I knew she'd be pissed if I didn't give her the follow-up line.
All right.
Uh, low key.
Let me check in real quick.
Any, um, um, last minute stories for us.
Yeah.
Yes, we do have one.
Uh, so this is not much of a surprise, but apparently, uh, Nintendo was asked
valve to, uh, remove the dolphin emulator off of their, uh, storefront.
I want to say, I'm sorry, I don't mean to cut you off, but there was some very
interesting discussion on this, on our discord server over at vod network.com
slash discord.
And the reason why I say that is that there was chat about that the press may
not be framing this accurately because it sounds like valve actually contacted
Nintendo saying, um, thoughts and Nintendo replied saying, and I'm
paraphrasing, we don't like it, get rid of it type of thing.
So it actually sounds like, even though it sounds like, oh, Nintendo's lawyers
strike again, it sounds like valve may have actually initiated.
Like, um, are you, you mad bro?
Like, it seems like valve may have initiated that conversation, which I
understand, you know, as much as we want to say, ah, fuck valve for doing that.
I understand why from a legal perspective, they're probably going, you know what, if
we don't go to the lawyers, the lawyers are going to come to us.
So I do understand from that perspective, but anyway, I'm sorry, Loki, go ahead.
I just wanted to get that because I did see folks talking about that on discord.
I do want you all to know, even if I don't always respond to every message, I read
discord all the time.
So anyway,
according to the dolphin developers, they said that we've been notified by valve, um,
that the Nintendo has issued a cease and desist, fighting the DMCA against the
dolphins steam page and had removed dolphin from steam until the matter is
settled.
Um, they're currently investigating their options and we'll have a more in depth
response in their future.
It may be just like some of the stuff that's on there.
Uh, but according to, they said the legal notice is they accused dolphin of using
cryptographic keys without Nintendo's authorization and decrypting ROMs at, or
immediately before runtime.
Wow.
So, all right.
Well, we'll just have to use all the other ways to get that.
It's not like you can't get that thing on a steam deck if you don't know if you, if
you know there's ways to do it anyway.
All right.
Thank you all so much for listening to orange launch radio this week.
Thank you for downloading the show or listening to us live.
However you consume the show, I'm sure you heard it earlier in the show.
It's, it's hard to stick out sometimes and it's hard to, um, you know, go against
all these very large corporate podcasts.
So we appreciate you for finding us on our little portion of the internet and I
hope you enjoyed what you heard.
Um, tell a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word because we are
the show where every gamer has a voice.
We need more voices to put out there on air.
Um, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or wherever you heard
this podcast, they go an awful long way and we really appreciate it all.
Um, so with all of that, let's get final thoughts for the night.
Uh, Loki, your final thought for tonight.
Well, thought is, uh, I'm hopefully going to keep, I need to keep a pace to get all
my stuff done for the end of the season.
So, but yeah, the next episode is going to be cool.
All right, awesome.
Um, my final thought is I had a great time at my work conference and there's stuff I
learned there that I feel like I can apply to the stuff I do here and throughout my,
the rest of my life as well, which is always a great feeling.
Um, and, um, number two, Diablo four comes out this week and I'm fucking excited as
somebody who's been a Diablo fan for a very long time.
So it is going to be a great gaming week.
The big summer of gaming begins right now and it is exciting.
Oh, and third, I'm taking a third final thought cause we missed last week.
Um, you'll notice tonight I am wearing my pride, uh, wristband here on my Apple watch.
That is because pride month, as far as I'm concerned, has officially been extended from
Memorial day to the 4th of July.
That's right.
There's been an extension on pride month because of all the fuckery, these assholes
out there keep putting us through.
It is very clear that one month is not enough for us to say we're here, we're queer.
Get used to it.
And on that note, I'm going to roll the credits.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
We'll see you.
Good night.
No, they were all still.
