Another $70 flagship launch, another critical whiff in terms of bugs, polish and consistency.
Will Redfall become a No Man's Sky or a Cyberpunk 2077? Ask me again in 5 years. Every flagship
title must be a critical hit in order to preserve money, yet cult classic Final Fantasies have
now been allowed in numerous remasters. Which one is more valuable?
This is your knot. Everything is up for an update. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob
Roberts, Jamie Sommerson, Loki, to tell you more about this story and the rest of the
week's gaming news. Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again with episode
number 959 of our show for tonight, May the 7th of 2023. I can't believe it. It is May
already. Hi, I'm Rob Roberts here with you every week on Sunday nights with my co-hosts
over there in that little box. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Not high enough.
Hashtag mood.
Huh?
I said hashtag mood.
I'm a little on the tired and today was another ballet day for me. I did about almost two
hours of just, oh, let me fix my camera, of just stretching and the actual ballet and
then the recovery stretching and then the massage gun and all of the foam rollers and
everything and the feet soaking in ice buckets and all of that. And I have mad respect for
the pros. I only did this for more like an hour and 45 minutes, but the ones that go
and do this as their job. Oh, hell.
Still, it sounds like it's been a super healthy and fun little, I guess, hobby for you. Lifestyle
edition, maybe.
I have something interesting about it is that, well, I had a doctor's appointment on Friday
to have my back looked at because I had been having some pretty bad back pain before. And
a lot of it has fixed itself with having done ballet. I still have the pains, but that's
from activity now and I'm still getting that cortisone shot in my hip. But I've noticed
that since practicing my turnout, where the feet, that it all comes from the hips, I have
better hip rotation. My back has been better. I watch my posture more often. My flexibility
is getting better. I mean, I'm not anywhere near where I want to be or where I used to
be, but I'm getting there. And it's just something about getting up and doing something and challenging
myself.
Well, it reminds me of the days when this show started, when you, me, and hi in the
other box, Techmaster Loki, hello, hello. When all three of us got together playing
a Dance Dance Revolution. I was never skinnier. Even today, after I've lost all that weight
since 2022, I'm still not as skinny as I was back when we played DDR several times
a week. And I mean several, like three or four times a week playing hours of DDR. I
was never skinnier than that phase.
Right now I'm doing two hours of ballet every week for now. But I'm actually, I want to
bring out the Dreamcast and play a second mix. My dance pads are so slippery because
the two layers of plastic, because I have official Konami pads and they're dated at
this point, which doesn't help. Yeah. And it's funny. I was watching a video too about
like all of the various codes for all of the DDR machines and it was kind of, I put it
up on my Twitter. I was like, anyone remember this?
Well for actually just real quick, let me, let me pivot on that note over to Techmaster
Loki, because Loki, you were tweeting about DDR machine stuff this week. Did you, you
got back on the extreme in your garage this week, right?
Yeah, I did. Cause I had to hook it back up again. So it still works.
That's well, that's good. It still works.
Yeah. It's go fake, you know, like arcade hardware from the nineties versus computer
from the 2010s, 2020. I think it was like nine, not long ago, like late 2010s, you know,
arcade hardware still fine. Computer's like, no, I can't take, I can't take the weather.
So well,
I'm glad everything still works. How was playing after so long?
I mean, it's, you know, you have to keep just dialing back to, you know, as easy as you
can because it's like your mind, you're like, Oh yeah, I could do that. And then your body's
like, no, you can't. So, I mean, it's obviously, you know, I used to play like pretty high
end, like doubles and stuff. So now it's just, I mean, this is what it was like too. I remember
like coming back into it, like from a long time when I first got the machine, it was,
you know, starting off singles and doing, you know, I think it was like five to six
footer songs. I think now I'm doing, yeah, like four to six. And it's, I was doing the non-stop
site. I tend to do a pop four all the time. Cause it's kind of like middle of the road,
like pretty easy stuff just to get your stamina back up. And because it is a lot when you're,
you haven't done it a while. It's not, I mean, for one, yeah, it's stamina, like very tired
too. Your muscles will like hurt a lot, obviously from not doing it for a while. So it's just
getting used to it again. So it just has to, I have to keep doing it regularly and they'll,
he'll come back somewhat. Yeah, that's definitely the regularity is definitely the key.
I also want to say hello to our folks in our chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at
six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show,
even though he wasn't here tonight, he was on a personal trip. But we do tape live on Sunday
nights at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash V O G network. Bobby will be back next week.
He starts an hour before we do, and we will be here next week. We will not be here live in
two weeks. It's not a holiday or anything. It's just a very random day job conflict for me.
So ironically, I believe Bobby had a day job conflict thing today. That's why he wasn't
live and I have one in two weeks. It just, that's the way it goes sometimes.
Also, I may not be here next week because of a Golden State Pinball festival.
Oh.
So this is the only day I can attend.
Oh, dang. I kind of want to check that out to be honest. Where's, is that in Lodi?
Because they had a big Comic-Con there today. I went to the same place. Yeah, they did.
It's Lodi. I don't pay attention much.
Yeah. One of the voice actors.
Sorry Lodi people.
No, one of the voice actors I met at Dragon Con was supposed to be a guest there.
And I noticed on Twitter had to cancel out just, he had, he had an unfortunate situation in his
family. So yeah, he had to back out, but I saw, I was like, Oh, Lodi. I was like, Oh,
which for those that don't know, which I assume would be most people outside this general area,
it's like, it's a suburb of SAC, but kind of, it's like 45 minutes South maybe. That might be
actually be a little, it depends what part of town you're coming from. Yeah.
It's like maybe a 25 to 30 minute drive for me from where I am.
Yeah. Yeah.
So it's not bad. And the venue is actually, you know, pretty good for what it is.
But I mean, last year they had Weird Al, which I would assume they're going to have it again
this year. Our Weird Al should be arriving before too long.
That's awesome.
But, but yeah. But there's a few other tables that I'm really interested in looking at and
I couldn't, I mean, there's a chance I might be able to do some on Saturday.
And if you want to go together, Rob, we can, I can try to get the half day and see if we can go.
I actually have tentative plans on Saturday. So ironically, Sunday would be the only day I could
go to. So we'll have to see. I would just have to leave early. So we'll see. We'll see.
All right. But anyhow, let's get into the show tonight. Actually, one other quick note,
I do want to point out from chat because I have been reading chat. And by the way, I just,
we had a hype train going and you all have been very generous with your bits and subs.
So I just want to, you know, usually, you know, we don't read those live. Like most Twitch streamers
will stop what they're doing and acknowledge that. But since we are taping a podcast,
which of course you can download on iTunes, Spotify, all the places that you find podcasts,
we don't usually stop for all those. But you know, when you all go above and beyond especially and
do the hype trains and all that, I have to say something. So thank you for your generosity.
I really appreciate that. But several people in chat noting that Loki behind you tonight,
you have streaming some gameplay of Revolution X, the classic Aerosmith shooty bang, bang gallery
game. Why Revolution X tonight? Is this because of their farewell tour that the tickets are going
on sale or whatever? Oh yeah, I forgot about that. No, it's not about that. No, it's more of,
I didn't know what I wanted to put behind me. And because I went to the Hard Rock
casino last night to go see Ali Wong, I just thought, you know, music and yeah, it just kind of.
No, that works. I haven't been out there at all. How is that venue? Is it nice out there?
It's nice. I mean, it looks new for sure. I mean, I got tagged in a TikTok or something
because they're doing an ABBA dance party up there. And I was like, oh, maybe. Yeah,
they have something. They have something Drag Race related. Oh, the official Work the World Tour is
going there. Yeah. Yeah. And like some Diana Ross thing as well. So like they kept like showing that
like on the screens advertising the different venues they're coming. I'm tempted. Dark
Sakurai. You want to go see? I don't even know who's on that tour, but I imagine it's all the
queens. If Sasha Kolbe is on it, I mean, I'll go see mom. I haven't watched the last couple of
seasons, so I might be behind a little bit. I might catch up. I rarely watch it anymore,
but you know, you just, you see the clips are hard to dodge on social media, you know,
of all the big moments. So. Especially with our crowd. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's get into news
and what's going on in the gaming world. We're going to start off with this. Loki,
I don't know if you want to talk about this. I have it up if you don't though.
Yeah, I can talk about it. So it's more of Nintendo being Nintendo. So
you may remember that not that long ago, like a week or two, there was a whole thing about Bowser
and getting arrested for, you know, the whole creating mod chips and stuff for the Wii and
all that. Not done Bowser, but another guy named Bowser. The third Bowser.
Not the king of the Koopas. Bowser had seven kids, so let's not forget.
All the Koopalings are getting in different lines of business. Yeah. So this one is in regards to
the data DMCA takedown requests to GitHub to remove a piece of software called Lockpick,
which is a tool for dumping your system keys from your own switch. The reason that people are upset
about this because this does not actually prevent piracy that's been most prevalent with the switch,
which is emulation because emulators don't need these keys in order to play games on it.
And it's weird, though, that they're like even coming after this because this doesn't necessarily
enable piracy either. It's just like it's a tool to do something.
They want complete control, though. Yeah. I mean, Nintendo can't be happy. I mean,
and I know you have a coupling story with this, but I think a lot of people that follow gaming
know. Well, I think everybody that follows gaming knows that this Friday is a very big day in the
Zelda universe. Obviously, the long wait for the sequel to Breath of the Wild is over. And Friday,
Tears of the Kingdom comes out. And I bet there's multiple people in chat who have the day off work
on Friday in acknowledgment of what's going on. And the reason why I bring that up is that
obviously it's a huge target for piracy and no secret that it's already out there. So,
you know, folks know to kind of watch out for spoilers on social media, careful with hashtags
because people are, you know, dodging that stuff. DJRomaS in chat says, not me. I could care less
about Zelda. Well, let me give a nice hearty, ooh, she's different to that. Yeah. I mean, like,
no, no. I mean, real quick, though, real quick, though, I, I'm not going to pick that up. Here's
the thing. Here's the thing. I'm not going to pick it up right away either because there's just,
there's so much coming out right now that I'm like really interested in, uh, that, you know,
I'll get to Zelda probably later this year. So I understand, I understand it isn't for everyone
day one, but I also recognize this is like the series for some people. There are some people
out there that don't care about most video games, but they care about Zelda, you know? So this is a
big day for some folks. I get it. This would be like when Return of the Jedi came out in theaters.
Yeah. For some. Yeah, for sure. But the thing is, is that, you know, Dan,
I don't think is playing, I just got him Osmond. Um, but other than that, there's not really any
major new gaming going on in my house. So it's perfect for us. You know, this, this,
this Zelda release, this was Abba's voyage album being released. I, so, you know, for, for me and
not everybody gave a shit. I understand. I respect that, you know, even though everybody, most people
would probably say, Abba, yeah, very impactful on pop music, had a huge mark and so forth.
So I could sit here and say the same thing about Zelda. I get it. I completely get it
when people are losing their minds. Just me personally, probably, probably more towards
the end of the year is when I'll get around to it. And we would just tell Abba thank you for
the music. That's right. That's absolutely right. Anyway. Sorry, Loki. I know you're trying to make
a point. No, no, it's fine. Um, no, it's just, I mean, yeah, it's gonna be a good game. I don't
know if it's like earth shattering or anything. I mean, like, yeah, it's a sequel to, you know,
breath of the wild. I watched Celtic play some of it, um, is of course under a partial NDA for,
for some of it, but it looks really, really amazing. I mean, just the innovations that
they've made for the system and everything and brought back a few things that had been in, uh,
intended for the first release, they're able to do in this one and the world building.
I have to say, I like the big thing about certain games for me is the immersive factor, you know,
the, like the culture that was created inside this little universe, you know, it has a language,
it has customs. You can follow the people around as they do stuff in their day, you know, and
that's the kind of thing that I enjoy to see as I like learning more about a universe,
about seeing its lore, you know? And I mean, which is part of the reason why I think I'm so
big into Dead by Daylight, but, um, but that's, that's really the core of it for me is I'm,
I'm excited for learning more about the universe. Now to generally kind of sum up what I, the
discussion I see having in chat right now is that people seem to be on the same page that like
the people that are breaking street date, you know, some people have been so bold as to stream
it, which is a, you know, unless you are an authorized, because I believe they allowed
press embargo to stream like an hour or two on a certain date. And I think that's what Dark
Soccer is referring to too. That's, that's different, but the people that don't have that
and are going beyond, you know, and so forth, uh, just trying to get, you know, internet points,
cool points or something like, obviously people are just irritated with all that and putting out
the spoilers. I think that they're allowing controlled exploration of certain areas.
Probably. Yeah. And sometimes that's what companies will do is say, you may stream
this area up to this point. Like sometimes it gets very specific. I know back when we used to get
that kind of stuff, we would get that sometimes. They were letting Zeltik play ahead and it's,
he's got a pretty long video about it, but there were certain things that he could show,
but not talk about. Like it could be on the screen, but he wasn't allowed to call it out
or certain things that could not be expressly talked about like certain game elements or
different lore in the game. Cause it needed, and this is the whole thing that a company
makes its impact by surprise. You know, the whole surprise and delight your, your customers thing.
That's, I think Nintendo has been really good about, at least as far as what their,
their products are concerned is that the moment that it comes out, it builds all this mystery
around it. You have people leaking this stuff and there goes the mystery. They're not going
to be so surprised, you know, where the person who doesn't know what they're going to get,
but they have a reputation to go on. They're the ones who are going to be going out and
buying it site and see unreviewed, you know, because it's something that they have particular
trust in that brand and they want to be surprised. And I don't fault Nintendo for,
for going all out on this one, you know, for really, really, you know, hammering down those,
those leaks in the rumors because their whole bread and butter for a lot of their games is
how much is it going to surprise and delight their audience?
Well, speaking of bringing the hammer down, Loki, I think there's a second part of this too. And I
saw it got brought up in chat too. Not even really like bringing a hammer down, just Reggie Fils-Aime
memeing on stuff. So yeah, someone posted a screenshot of like, look, I see I'm playing
Tears of a Kingdom on an emulator. And then of course he quoted Liam Neeson's, you know,
Taken line, you know, I have a particular set of skills. I mean, yeah, it's cool, but like, okay,
cool. But like, it's also one of those things where it's like, you know, you're fucking around
and you about to find out. Like it's, it's one of those, like you, you knew what you were doing. So
There is one thing you don't fuck with and that's that man's forehead.
Or that man, period. Like you don't fuck with Reggie Fils-Aime period, end of sentence.
Like, it's just, so yeah. Yeah. Mike Defton chat says that kid found out the hard way. Yes.
Well, you know, speaking, okay, to kind of circle it back a little bit to the GitHub conversation
and on the one hand, yes, I understand why Nintendo is being a little bit hypersensitive
about emulators because, you know, it's not a great feeling to see this game break street
date by at least a week and a half, if not more, with the people that are playing it and so forth.
So I understand Nintendo is kind of doing a broad swipe. However, as you pointed out, you know,
this, this particular component of getting your key does not in itself lend to piracy. And I think
you said there, the emulators don't even require it. So they don't require it. And so like,
that's the thing is like, that's if you want to play like using like your own system type of thing.
But which still a matter of control though, it is. But I also kind of feel like the consumer,
and this has been settled in a court of law is that the consumers do have the entitlement to
make one backup copy for their purposes. It's just obviously you can't put that backup copy on
torrent sites and say, Oh, whoops, sorry about that. You're entitled to make a backup copy for
yourself. And to be fair to the folks that are doing this, the switch is dating technology.
We all know that that's no secret. I think most people kind of accept that Tears of the Kingdom
is probably going to push this thing about as far as it can go, because it already seems like
it's been crying under the pressures of Pokemon, Scarlet Violet, and some of the other recent
releases. So I, I kind of understand why someone might be like, and as long as they can do it in
their own bubble, I'm not talking about streaming it. I'm not talking about putting it out on the
internet. I'm talking about in their own bubble with their own tools on, on get access to,
on get up, taking a copy of their game, playing it on PC and playing it with,
you know, the upped, uh, either graphics or just the speed at which piece modern PCs can process
as opposed to a switch. That's the thing too, is that you may run into a situation where you have
a better experience playing emulated than you would on the, that's it. That's it. Because the
good game, even though it's a $70 game, by the way, $70 game, and you know how great of a tracker
we have at $70 games so far, you know, even if it is a big AAA publisher, like I know it's Nintendo,
but I'm very skeptical that it's going to run smoothly.
Here's the thing, ability to run as smooth as a PlayStation 5 or Xbox series game aside,
that part aside, I do feel like if anybody is justified with that type of price for a day one
release, hold on, it's probably Nintendo in this game. Reason being Nintendo games far more than
their competitors lack those type of day one breaking bugs that you hear about in the games
that other release and they tend to be very well-rounded packages out the gate. I'm sure
this game will have DLC, but it's not going to feel like certain other games that release where
it feels like the DLC is necessary to get the full scope of the game, if that makes sense.
So my point being is that I feel like most of the complaints people have about companies releasing
$70 games, like Nintendo, for better or for worse, doesn't seem to fall to those same issues.
But then again, they've never charged $70 until now. So maybe things are going to change. I don't
know. But I do feel like if anybody, Nintendo puts out the better product off the shelf than
most of their peers in gaming, especially when you look at what's going on, you know, I know we'll get
to it later in the show, but what was going on with Microsoft this week, you know, so.
Let's see. Comments in chat. DJ Rama S says, if we were having this conversation like 10 years ago,
I wouldn't have cared. I'd bootleg all the games. Fuck your feelings. But when you have friends who
work in the industry and you learn more about the inner workings, can't support piracy. Yeah. And I
want to make clear, we don't endorse piracy too. And everything I just said there, I'm talking
about you with your Switch, your game, your PC. Sure. Maybe using some tools on GitHub,
but it's, you're still buying the game. You're still buying everything you need to make it
happen. You're just making it happen your own way, which I do feel like you ought to be able to do.
So let's see. Other comments in chat. Mike Def does point out they did charge $70 in the 90s.
You know, some of those cartridge games. That's why cartridge got to be an expensive format.
That is a fair point. Dark Tetsuya says, I know there have been Nintendo games launching with
issues, but I feel like it's few and far between. And usually not long before those issues are
patched up. Oh yes. I was very, I chose my words very carefully there. And I didn't want to say
these games launch with no issues. I wanted to say compared to their peers, they launched with
the least amount of issues, I think is the better way to phrase that. So anyway. Loki,
any other thoughts on that before we move on to our gaming weeks and all that?
No, I just think Nintendo is still like, because emulation is legal. So like, I think
attacking emulation, especially with GitHub, because they like GitHub is a smaller company.
And Microsoft buy it, ironically? Um, I mean, guess so. But like, I was,
I still assume that they're running kind of separately from Microsoft. So they're probably
complying with a lot of these DMCA takedown notices without fighting it because, you know,
they're not gonna stick their neck out to try to protect something that is been, you know, shown
to have precedent to be safe and okay, they're just gonna take it down so they can have their
safe harbor status. But also at the same time, I think some of these companies abuse that because
they're like, well, what are they gonna do fight us on it, they're not gonna fight us on it,
because we'll sue them if they fight us on it. And even if they may be entitled to do that or not.
Like, for example, you know, when people are cease and desisting, like, just footed gameplay footage
that appears online. Yeah, technically, it's your game and stuff. But like, I don't know, it's I
feel like that that shouldn't just because your game leaked out. First off, just because your
game leaked out. That's your fault. Honestly, like, it's your fault for staging your deliveries
that damn early that it got leaked out. Why are you shipping this product to stores a week in
fucking advance? Don't do that then. Because when I used to work at a distributor, like mom and pop
stuff, which which they always blame the mom pop shops, but it's always the mass retailers that end
up leaking that crap out. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. First off, because the mom pop shops are like,
I ain't leaking this stuff out. Like I can hardly get this stuff on time, let alone you know,
trying to get that like early, like a week early. Um, so it's big box for sure that to blame for
that. I mean, track it down there. Like maybe you should not stage your stuff so damn early than if
you're worried about it leaking out. Or like, implement something that you have to unlock it
at a certain time. Like I know you do that digitally. But like, and I guess that doesn't
necessarily work in, you know, if a console can't connect to the internet, but there's got to be a
way that you could do something. Yeah, I wouldn't be easily defeated. But you know, I just, I don't
get the blame on people stupid. I don't feel sorry for Nintendo about the the game leaking out early
because you I think you illustrated it very well. How that happened. I do feel bad for the fans.
Because inevitably human behavior, especially in a lot of pop culture, specifically nerd culture,
including the umbrella of gaming, people have this desire to one up other people and prove that
they're the coolest kid in town because they got to do said thing first. And sometimes people will
do that by putting spoilers out there like, you know, the boat sinks or you know, those these
types of big spoilers for games to assert them assert some type of strange dominance over others.
And that's that's where I feel bad. But I don't feel bad for Nintendo. I feel bad for the fans.
Because people don't know how to behave themselves. That's that's what it is.
Um, let's see, actually, I want to mention this real quick too, before we get into gaming weeks,
because E3VL asked a very good question that we all kind of run on an assumption on and we
probably need to stop assuming that everybody knows things like this. E3VL says, what is GitHub
anyway? Great question. GitHub is basically, as I understand it, a repository for code,
especially for like people that want to work on something either transparent, transparently,
or sort of crowdsource, you know, help with code. Now, obviously, this also means you can
put code up there. And you know, everybody can grab it and compile it. Yeah, it's also
different applications. It's also for like different. What's the actual terminology for
it's, it allows you to basically store snapshots of your code. So for example,
if I'm working on a project or something like that, I would send over here's my project or
whatever that I've made. And then I make changes to it. And then I send another update to that.
And then if something breaks, I can go back to it's basically a version history, store different
revisions of your code. Yeah, sure, you can work on it collaboratively as well. But it's basically
a repo site that you can just store versions of your code, you can see changes, you can,
you know, fork it off. So like, if I wanted, if I was developing something, and someone wanted
to take that as a base and develop something else, they could do that. Wikipedia, but for the project
you're working on with code, basically, in a way, not really exact, like, I'm trying to, I'm trying
to simplify it, though, for everybody, Loki, like, I know, there's, there's nuances. But also,
and I kind of want to point out with this, the irony is, sure, Nintendo DMCAs GitHub,
and I'm sure they took it down. But part of the reason why people put it up on GitHub in the first
place is because now it's on the internet, everybody can literally grab the code and compile
their own versions, like, Nintendo did nothing to stop the distribution of this. Because, and
honestly, you know, and I love every, I know everybody loves to overuse that Streisand effect
comparison. But that's what it is. And that is the whole like, when a company does something like
this, they only shine a spotlight on it, because everybody reports on it. And that name comes from
when Barbra Streisand tried to stop photos of her house being published, then everybody ran the
story with a picture of the house in question. So it's that whole type of thing is that Nintendo
probably only brought a spotlight to this tool. And what is because I, I never knew this was a
thing. Until here, we are talking about it now. I never knew this was a thing.
Yeah. And especially when you consider like, you know, that modding your console is probably going
to be more risky than just downloading and playing the games on your PC. Plus, they'll run better.
Plus, you can just run them off Steam Deck, which is going to run it just fine. And if there's more
powerful Steam Deck type consoles or computers coming out, like, okay, cool. Now I don't need
those keys. So what have you really done? You've you've driven people to now figure out, Oh, hey,
this is way much easier than the other stuff. I'm just gonna do this instead. Yeah, less people
buying. I gotta admit, I'm, I'm legit curious about how a switch game might run on my PC and
how all I can bought it. Now I don't, I'm not going to be brazen enough to stream it or do
anything. There's just for my own little tee-hees in my own little house. Like I, but now I'm like,
wow, it sounds like Nintendo telling all these people to stop has only shown a spotlight on,
like, there's all these really cool things modders and people are doing to these games that are,
that are making them better in some ways. I mean, I guess it's opinion, but, you know,
I'm curious about it more than anything, to be honest. So anyway. All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about the things that struck our curiosity in our gaming weeks and the types
of games that we have been playing this week. So let me go over to Dark Sakura and ask,
how was your gaming week? I, of course, played Dead by Daylight. I started, well,
continued on with my second playthrough of Marvel's Midnight Suns. My, my streaming days
are going to change because of ballet. So I'm actually going to be starting two streams on
Monday and I'm believing one of them is going to be cold to the lamb.
Start over and play through the new DLC. I also played world cup soccer for pinball
and I played Beatles because I freaking love it. That game is like a total asshole. And then it's
a gentleman. It's like the one between it's either really nice to you and it suddenly hates you,
or it just hates you the whole time. And then you suddenly have a good ball. Like I got denied my
multi ball on my third ball and I was like, excuse me, what? All because I didn't make a ramp.
I was like, dang. But, but yeah, and I'm trying to think of something new that I want to,
you know, try out. I don't know. I've got a few things that I've acquired recently,
but I may, depending on if anyone is able to play with me tonight, I may go back on my
adept attempts for DBD. And you know, a lot of people have been asking like lately, you know,
has the change to any of the, like the healing or any of that, you know, how do you feel about
and I'm like, honestly, with the way I play, it hasn't changed a thing. It's still the same.
So that's it. All right. Also, I just want to add, there's a really good video out there
of how all the metas have changed over the course of the game being out.
And people need to stop bitching. Okay. It used to be a lot worse. All I'll say to that is
Infinite Freddy. The game, I mean, I've played a little bit of Dead by Daylight this week as well,
and overall the game's in a decent place. I still think like some killers don't hold up well against
others. Um, but also tunneling. My God is just, I have an idea. What do you think about this? And
this is just a pie in the sky idea. What do you think that if somebody was the last person hooked
and they get picked up again, maybe they get some type of increased wiggle, like their wiggling
becomes stronger because they've been picked up back to back. I don't know. Just a, just a theory,
like a built-in boil over type of thing. I like, I like that as an idea. And of course,
my other one for camping was that the hook timer stops when the killer's in a certain
distance from the hook. I'd support that too, for sure. So I think that's the one little tweak that
would be great. Yeah. But the, like the perk metas seem like they're in a, like, I feel like
there's nothing where it's like people have to take a certain thing anymore. Like, I feel like,
you know, I'm sure some players would disagree with that assessment, but I feel like, again,
like use it comparatively to where the game has been before much better, much better place.
You know, the, the series of perks that I bring in, which is like typically botany knowledge,
self-care balanced landing and, um, urban evasion. Nothing really has changed with those
over the, since I've started playing survivor last year. Yeah. And they tend to be stable.
They tend to be fair and they're good for me playing like a ninja because of my mouse.
Not to get, not to get too far on DBD. Cause I know not everybody out there plays it,
but I just want to say, you know, cause you know, it is an ongoing game. A lot of people play huge
on Twitch. Um, I really love the perk distortion. I pretty much run it in every build right now
because it suppresses auras for the killers. And there's a lot of killers that run things
to read auras. So basically they can see where you are for a few seconds and distortion kind
of suppresses that a certain amount of times in a match. Um, which is nice. Yeah. Um, I,
I love that perk, but right now when I'm running solo queue, my favorite build to run is, uh,
kindred bond, open-handed distortion. And what that does is that, uh, kindred allows everybody
to see the killer and the other survivors when you're on a hook, but open-handed increases the
aura range. So if a killer is proxy camping, you, you see it, you see, and this, this came into play
on a match I did on, um, raccoon city with, um, I want to say it was a pig that was very obviously
going around the hallways. Well, sorry, Jamie, I don't pick the killers. It was, uh, that was just
patrolling the hallway back and forth, but because of kindred open-handed, my team could see how she
would pace this way, pace that way, pace this way. So the minute she started pacing the other way,
unhook run away the other way she wasn't pacing and it was great. So I love that perk for it.
Yeah. Uh, well, my, my whole thing is that it's hard for me to go without my urban
and my balance landing because those are because of how I have to play urban is like my bestie and
you wouldn't believe the number of chases I've gotten out of with balance landing.
Oh yeah. Balance landing's great. Or quick rescues.
All right. And that was your DVD update. All right.
Darsakra, do you think we may be one of these days we need to just give in and have a side
to Dead by Daylight show? Well, I've already been thinking about it, but I kind of want to do
one that's in character. Uh, yeah. And I, I always say,
Oh, this show would be a great idea. And then I'm like, Oh, Rob, stop overextending yourself.
Don't commit to anything. Well, I want you to be a character,
but it means you don't have to do it all the time. Okay. That's fine. All right.
Yeah. How good is your German accent? Who are you? Oh, Felix. You want me to be
Felix? I'm thinking. All right. We'll see. I think it would be a hilarious Dwight.
I can't speak German, but I can, if you like. Anyway, uh, Dark Knight asks, isn't there a new
killer coming? Uh, if yeah, there's rumors out there. And if DVD stays on its current timetable,
we should know in about three weeks who the next killer is. I'll just say so skip forward
30 seconds. If you don't want to maybe spoiler, but potential spoiler out there, I'm assuming
you already know this Darksakra. The new killer is rumored to be the singularity,
which makes me think a robot type of killer. Maybe,
Oh no, I was thinking maybe a commentary on AI or something.
Singularities have to do with gravitational, uh, anomalies in space when the word singularity
is typically being used. And so my thought is that we have our, an alien.
Hmm. I'm not saying like aliens, you know, as in, you know, you know, xenomorphs,
but I'm saying something that has like a black hole power or, or some sort of gravitational
ability. Um, that would be my thought, uh, Dark Knight in chat says someone said, Megan,
I fucking wish like, I talk a lot of shit. I talk a lot of shit about dead by daylight,
but if by some grace of God, Megan were to become a killer in the game, like I, that's it. I will
become a full-time dead by daylight streamer done. Or should I say period. Well, you know why they
won't do Megan? Uh, kids. She appears to be a child. Yeah. Kids. A big reason that they're
using the Japanese Sadako and not the stupid, you know, terrible movie Samara for Ringu because she
was 19. And they did a grownup Yuichi. Yeah. And on top of that, did you, I might've said this
before, but she is the first canonically intersex character in Dead by Daylight. Or a video game,
I think. We'll see. Um, and Steve and Nancy are 18, even though they're in high school and
stranger things in DVD canon, they are 18 years old. So yeah. Anyway, let's move on. Sorry,
Loki. I know you're a big fan of dead by daylight, but what do you want to talk about?
Oh, I was going to say, if it was going to be the singularity and you're saying robot, the first,
the only thing that comes to mind is of course, uh, the oral knots rendition of C-3PO,
who always talks about the singularity, uh, creepy-o. So that would have been hilarious.
Imagining like an, an evil C-3PO killing people. No, we would've got that.
There wasn't, there was an evil protocol droid in the old extended universe for Star Wars,
if I remember correctly. May the 4th came and went. That was the perfect opportunity
to say something like that. If that was ever going to be a thing.
And we've passed both revenge days, the revenge of the fifth and the revenge of the sixth.
Yes. Yes. So Dark Knight says maybe the Terminator. I, I don't think it's going to be
licensed, but I obviously I'd eat that kind of stuff up to be honest.
Terminator was already licensed to, um, uh, but characters, characters get licensed multiple
times. Sometimes it doesn't have to, it depends on the contracts, of course, but like, you know,
the stranger things stuff. Well then they unlicensed it. So, but, uh, Texas Chainsaw
Massacre, they've, they've dug their heels in saying that despite the upcoming game for Texas
Chainsaw Massacre, that they're not pulling Leatherface from a DVD. So, but I wish they
playing him and I play it, hang again, playing against him.
All right. Let's talk about other games.
We'll get, we'll get Dracula and Renfield. That'd be funny. Um,
so let's see. I played, of course, a DDR extreme this week. I played not a lot of it,
uh, like 30 minutes because it took me some time to get the cabinet hooked back up.
Um, I was having issues where I wasn't getting any video and that's because I forgot that it
goes through a board to do that. And I had it plugged in the wrong spot. So I finally got that
all working and everything works great. And I'm very excited that the cabinet is not broken
because that would make me very sad. Um, then of course, uh, lots of Minecraft. So I like really
grinded Minecraft this week. I was trying to get my video out this weekend, but I got sidetracked
with other things I have to do first. So a part of that is developing a mod. That's going to work
with, um, the stuff that we have right now in channel 64 to help bring in the custom 3d models
I have for the robot masters themselves. So I finally finished that. I mean, there's about 99%
done today. I it's working at the tweak, some of the models so that they look nicer and everything.
Um, and I got to go commission the rest of those cause I only have the first three done,
but yeah, lots of building. Like I did a ton of building this week. It was
just really large builds, three of them. I, I built another giant mega man enemy, which I've
already kind of teased that out there on the internet and stuff. So it's, it's awesome.
Um, and I just need to edit my video now, uh, which is going to be this week. I'm just trying
to keep up cause like I'm, I have to keep some base to get done by like, we were targeting only
a certain more, like a certain amount of time left in the season. It's still a lot of time,
but I got a lot to, I need to do. Oh, cool. My camera. I was just about to say you had a weird
hiccup. Like, uh, I thought it was, uh, um, uh, internet like spike, but I think you might've had
a brownout or something. That was weird. No, no, nothing's flashing over here. Weird. Just the
I'll do it. Do we do turn it off, turn it back on again? That's usually the trick. All right.
Um, well, really quick while you're playing with that, let me ask you about this because you're
like the, um, Minecraft guy around here. Minecraft legends. I know that just came out. Is that
something I should, you know, be caring about or pass? Like what's, what's the deal with Minecraft
legends? Um, it looks interesting. It's like an, and I guess like a more like a real time strategy
game, but it's also, um, I don't know. It's, it's not like in the same sense as, um, like a command
and conquer or something like that. It's more of like a, um, I don't know. I really don't play a
lot of real time strategy games. Okay. I don't know what's up with the camera. It's the software.
It just keeps crashing. So I don't know. I mean, I could just put no background, but no one wants
to see that. Um, so basically just, I haven't really played it too much, but you, you build
different structures that then allow you to create units and you use those units kind of
like direct them to go do stuff. And as far as like gathering resources, you have your allies
that go and collect resources from a certain area. I don't know. It didn't really seem that
interesting to me. And honestly, like the more I saw of it, it's still not very interesting. I
hear it's fun and it's probably worth checking out at least on game pass because it's free.
Well, it's not free. You're paying for game pass, but it's included with game path. So,
you know, it'd be worth checking out for that. Um, is it something that I would play like longterm?
Eh, I don't know. Like I'd be more interested in Minecraft dungeons than it. And I haven't
even played Minecraft dungeons yet. I play a little bit of Minecraft dungeons. I enjoy it.
It's good. Yeah. That looks fun. Um, it's just legends. Like I just don't,
I don't know. It seems weird. Like just the, the way it's set up. Like I wish it was more
like a traditional RTS game where it's like, that's why I used to love doing like with
command and conquer red alert is just, I wouldn't even really play. I mean, I would play through all
the story missions and stuff, but my most favorite thing doing was just creating skirmish matches
where you just have a random map or you create your own map and then you just put you, okay,
I'm going to have one faction here, one faction here, one faction here. And you just all play
against the AI stuff. And it was a lot of fun. Like I used to do that for hours, but
this, I just, I don't know. Not really interested in it. I don't know why.
Uh, Minecraft dungeons is good. It's, it's basically an ARPG, a very competent one,
uh, that is meant to be played on a controller. It's a, it's a lot of fun. I like it. So yeah.
All right. Well, um, if you're all done, uh, then I will go to my gaming week. So my gaming week,
um, let's see, my gaming week was, uh, I played a little more final fantasy one pixel remaster
because I actually completed the platinum trophy. So I have now platinum two games on PlayStation
with Diablo three and now final fantasy one pixel remaster. Uh, all I had to do was hunt down a
warmack, which is like a one in 64 spawn in the last dungeon where you get Tiamat. And that was
it really, uh, the other things were very easy to pick up. So, um, yeah, that was, that was that.
And then pretty much, uh, the majority of my week, otherwise I started playing final fantasy origin
stranger of paradise. That was the other big game I started playing. And, uh, this game has
been interesting. So I I've kind of stayed away from it until it dropped in price. And at some
point it finally did come down to 20 bucks. So it's been on sale, I think like permanently or
whatever to 40 bucks. And then some places put it on sale, like target, Amazon, et cetera,
for 20 bucks. And I think I mentioned this on the show last week, I picked up the PS4 version
because it has a free upgrade to PS5. So I've been playing it a little bit and I am enjoying it. Um,
I like the combat system and how they incorporate the final fantasy jobs into it a lot.
I like that you can flip back and forth between like, Oh, I'm a red mage. Oh,
now I'm a Ninja. Like you can do that except you are limited to only two until you stop and you
get to the cubes on a map that you can change it. So it is a little bit limited in what you can do,
but, um, you know, I, I understand there are some technical limitations or what have you with that.
So, um, that's, that's a bummer. Otherwise, like some of the maps are really cool. And what I didn't
realize that this game does is it actually, even though the story is basically an alternate
universe type of final fantasy one story, it actually incorporates maps from other final
fantasy games. Um, like for example, one of the early areas you go to says, this is like dimension
14, where the pirates hang out and dah, dah, dah. And it's because it's, uh, the pirate fight from
final fantasy one, which is in the town of Provoca early on you fight a pirate. Well,
what they did, they took the final fantasy 14, Cistosia dungeon, which was a pirate layer in
that game and made it like the map that you go through to get to the pirate that you fought in
Final Fantasy one. And like, there's another map later on that was from Final Fantasy 13,
and it has the weather mechanics. If you've ever played 13, there's that map with the orbs that
turn it from rainy to sunny. So I think that is actually one of the coolest things that final
fantasy origins kind of brings to the table is yes, it's a retelling of one, but it incorporates
the other games. The story itself is just as ridiculous and over the top as all the trailers
made it out to be. Um, it kind of, you kind of notice that maybe some corners were cut on some
things they couldn't pull off. Like you talk to NPCs on the map, the main map, you just hit start
talk. And then like all these different NPCs, like, I feel like there's a town mechanic that
was just removed. Uh, for whatever reason, maybe they come and pull it off. I don't know. Also,
my biggest annoyance with the game, there's no map. Really? There's no map? Like what year is
it? 2023. I can't hit a button and get a map. Give me a break. So, but otherwise overall, I am
enjoying the game enough as, you know, transparent as the story may be. And, you know, as tunnely as
some maps might feel, I don't know. I don't get as frustrated with it, but, um, I think I would
have maybe thought 70 was too much, but 40 is fine. 20 is better than five, but 40 is fine.
So, um, that's, that's my take on stranger paradise. I saw much more of the game to finish.
I've only gotten through like maybe five. I haven't even got the first, I think I'm on the
map to get the first crystal, but I've done every side quest off stream. So I'm trying to like
stream my gameplay, but I do all the side quests off stream. So yeah, that's, that's been a
change your paradise. All right. Um, we're going to get into some more news and what else is going
on in the gaming world this week. So we'll go over to you, Loki. All right. Sounds good. Um,
so this week we had, um, some disappointment, red fall, uh, the big first party supposed to be
banger of a game came out. Um, and it was not, not, it was not a good game.
Well, um, I want to point something important now. I'm sorry. I don't mean to cut you off, but
in the, in the eyes of critics and the pulse on social media, it doesn't appear to be a good game.
The only reason I'm putting it that way is because I've had people that have come into my chat that
are like, red falls fine. Once you get past the first 45 minutes, like it sounds like it might
have a rough introduction, but once you kind of get past the first part of it, like there's some
people that are like, this isn't as bad as people are saying it is. No, it's technical issues. I
think it's actually, it's not so much the story. It's just that the world is empty. A lot of times
the AI is bad. The gunplay is bad. The frame rate is bad. Um, it's, it's a lot of things.
It's not just like, well, you know, it's not like a Saint's row. Well, I mean,
Saint's row is bad too, but, um, it's, it's not one that's like, you know, subjectively bad. It was
just that like tech, it's a, it's a fallout 76, basically. It's, um,
That might be an interesting comparison. You could, you could, well, it's also Bethesda,
you could, um, enjoy it, but it's a slog to get through all that stuff to enjoy it really
for a $70 game. And the Polish that the studio has been known for in Dishonored and, um,
time loop. And, or what was it? Uh, what was the game that they had before that? Death loop? Yeah,
that's right. Death loop. Yeah. Um, death loop, you know, that had, those were very polished
games. And now this comes out and it's like, not so much. So because of that, you know,
Just quickly, some comments from chat. I'm sorry. Uh, DJ Rama S says, most people I know that got
the game, said it's pretty good. Meesh says, I honestly liked it. Questbuster says, as a fan of
Arcane, it was disappointing to see what their reactions in general were. Some streamers did
play it through to the end, if only because they wanted to see where the story went. One of the
terms I had heard about the game is that it was aggressively mid, you know, and I wonder, and I,
I've kind of seen this take online too. I can't take credit for this, but I feel like I'm getting
a sense that people that paid $70 for it, not happy. People that are getting it included with
game pass, content. Because they didn't have to pay anything extra for it. And I think I could
see where that is definitely a reality is that, yeah, if you didn't spend 70 bucks on this game,
and it's just part of this monthly thing that's in your budget anyway, you're probably like,
oh, this is cool. This is a fun distraction for a little while. Just a thought. Yeah.
Of course, you know, folks are kind of upset with how it turned out. And, you know, Phil Spencer,
you know, kind of took, you know, responsibility for that and basically said, you know, there's
nothing more difficult for me than disappointing the Xbox community just to kind of watch the
community lose confidence. Be disappointed. I'm disappointed. I'm upset with myself.
Um, you know, basically saying, you know, I think back to the announcement of 60 FPS,
and then we weren't shipping 60 FPS. That was kind of a punch right to the chin
a couple weeks ago, and then seeing the game come out and the critical response was not what we
wanted. It was disappointing. So I kind of picked myself up and what can we learn? How can we get
better? One things that I'll fight is a sort of what we want, or sort of what went wrong.
There's clearly a quality and execution of things that we can do. But one thing I will not do is
push against the creative aspirations of our teams. I know a lot of people will say, hey,
you've got teams, teams know how to do one kind of thing and just force them to do one kind of thing.
Well, yeah, I agree with that. Because, you know, obviously, that's not necessarily bad,
you know, sure, you should give the teams the creative freedom to make the type of games that
they want. But then again, you should also not force them to make games that they're not used to
a, you know, what was it? I can't, I can't, well, let me, why are you sitting on that? Let me just
say like the the thing I will credit Phil Spencer with here and big kudos, quite honestly, is that
at least he takes responsibility for the issue. He doesn't try to deflect it onto it was this
other thing or it was the team or I was, you know, but he takes accountability. And you know what,
I'm gonna be honest, name another US executive that does that in gaming. Nobody, you can't.
Japan, you can, you know, we had, of course, Iwata, the infamous pay cut, Miyamoto with the
Wii U underperformed, took a pay cut. That's why people have a lot of respect on Iwata's name and
remember him fondly. But I digress, you know, this this is about certainly and you look at a
lot of other CEOs running companies over here and it's not it's a lot of refusing to take
accountability for anything. Obviously, I'm shining a fucking spotlight laser beam on Bobby
Kotek with this, right? Not being able to take accountability. Now that said, like, I get it
that he's taking accountability for that. But yeah, there is a but but but not only is the game
back, you know, like technically not polished enough, but they knew it because they didn't
allow him they embargoed the game reviews until after the game came out. They did not give pre
release code out to these publications. So they they tried to control the narrative and not let
people know how bad of shape the game was in at launch. Yeah, no, I can say kudos to Phil Spencer
for taking accountability. But at the same time, you ultimately allowed this game to go out to the
wolves. Like, yes, you have to also be accountable for that. And there's some other you know, a lot
of comments about the QA team and chat She-Hulk also with this comment here, which is I think,
you know, the approach a lot of people would have She-Hulk 10 and chat says it is in a pre
alpha stage game, but in six years 2029, it will be a classic. And you know, Phil Spencer talked
a lot in that statement about story and creative freedom and that's not the complaints I'm hearing
about the game. I'm maybe I'm reading the wrong things. I'm not hearing complaints about the story
or what the game is trying to do. I'm hearing complaints about technical.
Even the presentation of the story is not great. Because like the way they did it is like, this is
once again $70 title, you look at like other games that they've done like Dishonored and whatnot,
they've got like real time kind of cutscene type stuff that there's like voice acting and
everything in that their stories that they had here were done kind of like a slideshow.
It's like ridiculous. It's like a slideshow not even like a comic thing. But it's like
it was still frames that they slightly move across the screen and stuff like that. Like,
that's not even necessarily like a pre presentation, like a stylized presentation
or anything like that. It's just, well, we just didn't want to animate these scenes. And so the
cut time, you know, development time, we're just going to put it out like this. Like it just it
screams like corners cut. And, and it's not even I wouldn't even blame the QA team this surely the
QA team knows about all these issues. It's more of like what they had to prioritize. And they
forced them to get it out when they did. And I mean, we've got a story coming out a little
later on talking about some other future like announcements from Microsoft and stuff. But like,
it almost feels like that that's necessary now because people are like, well, if this is bad,
the other big game this year is starfield. That's also Bethesda and Bethesda games are like,
here's, you know,
here's the other thing and that take to go back to she hoax comment about is this a game that can be
rescued? Can it be the next Diablo three fantasy 14 destiny and this growing list of games that
got fixed after they were released? Can it be this? It could be, but here's my concern she
hulk and anybody else out there on these thoughts. Here's my concern. I feel like this game was
willingly thrown out to the wolves. I'm not sure I can piece together why yet, but here's the thing
is that starfall has been, or has been delayed, or excuse me, starfield has been delayed how many
times other X X-Box titles have been delayed how many times. So I feel like they'll delay. And in
fact, red fall was even delayed at least once. Wasn't it? So I pushed us to the summer a little
bit. They're willing to delay games to get it right. But for some reason they didn't do it with
this. And I wonder if this was the sacrificial lamb to counter the audience. And, and I think
E3VL nails it. They probably needed to release something due to investors. And I actually think
that it, I think nail that's the head. I think they had to say, yo, we've got to release something
now because otherwise people are going to start unsubscribing from game pass. There's nothing to
play on it. Although I think HiFi rush was a great addition, but I get it. You can't let HiFi rush
is not going to fund game pass for 12 months, but you know, I get it. There's gotta be these
big releases, but there's a part of me that can't help but feel this was the sacrificial lamb to
get people to stop bitching. The Microsoft isn't doing anything. Well, it's not helping that you
had these 10 pull titles. So this in Starfield this year, plus also the acquisition of Activision
Blizzard. Well, the Activision Blizzard thing is kind of falling through right now. This isn't very
strong. It all's now pinned on Starfield. If that's not strong. But there's, there's Forza,
there's Fable, there's Setsuna's Revenge. There's all these games Microsoft's had in the pipeline
for a very long time. But like, look at these acquisitions, though, like what, what good has
it done? Like, you know, so far, we have our first thing from Bethesda, which has not been strong.
And whereas the studio has been strong in the past, this particular portion of Bethesda. I mean,
I was gonna say HiFi rush was also Bethesda. I would say that was probably the best thing in the
first three months of this year. So it was pretty good. Yeah, some you lose some. I'll say I'll say
it was a great argument for game pass. In some ways, as is this. Again, I go back to what I said
before, if you paid 70 bucks for this, you're pretty pissed off probably. But if you got it as
a part of game pass, you're not bothered. Yeah, exactly. You're you're you're less bothered by
because it's like, well, that's fine. I'll just go play something else that there's tons of things on
there. Like, I don't it's Yeah, that certainly helps. It certainly helps with the conversation
of all these games being $70 too. I mean, because that game pass was like 15 bucks a month, you know,
that's already like a quarter of the year or third year. And then some five months at least,
you know that you have here for just the price of one game. I mean, you can definitely play a game
within that time. The other thing, of course, you know, along with that, he made comments talking
about, you know, because of this, you know, even starfield, you know, being on the platform, he
doesn't feel that that's enough to get people that can, you know, basically trade in their PlayStation
fives for a series X or S. I mean, who's gonna really trade in their system? I think most people
buy a second system. But But yeah, I think it's more of a long game for a lot of these studios
that they purchase, you know, once all these titles come out, they'll probably, you know,
build a bolster everything. I mean, not everything is gonna be perfect. Like Redfall to me wasn't
very exciting of a game anyways, leave it even when they were talking about the preview. Yeah,
it wasn't really on my radar either. That's why I'm not super bothered by a lot of this. Like,
yeah, exactly. Like if starfield's garbage, then yeah, I'll be disappointed if starfield isn't
good. But like, I mean, I fully expect we know Bethesda proper to have a certain amount of jank
to their games. And that's just, that's the charming part, right? It's charming. Like when
it's not like game breaking, like if it's just like, just charming jank.
It's community theater. So sometimes some of the some of the bad acting you're inevitably
going to see in community theater is part of the charm, right? It's just like, it's just like,
was it Saints Row now? Like, so gearbox has been pushing, you know, volition. Saints Row's got a
bunch of updates that are coming out in DLC, that they're seeing that they're fixing the game. And
like, I don't even want to look at it anymore. Like it, this game is not even like, it's just
bad. Like it's not, it's not stupid jank like it, like the older games were, but it's just,
it's bad. It's bad jank. It's not a good jank. Yeah, I get it. All right. Anyway, I think we've
talked a lot about that. Let's move on. We have some more stories to get through for tonight.
Let's talk about another game that is coming out really soon. It's kind of wild how fast June is
creeping up on us with all these releases and it's Final Fantasy XVI. And Final Fantasy XVI
apparently has been banned in Saudi Arabia of all places. And why is Final Fantasy XVI being banned
in Saudi Arabia? Because apparently it has to do with LGBTQ content. In fact, one tweet went so far
as to say there is an explicit gay sex scene in Final Fantasy XVI and that is why it was banned
in Saudi Arabia. I'm going to call that out right now and say that is not the truth.
That is not Squares MO. That is not Squares MO. And here's the thing. I think that is a
miss. I don't want to say mistranslation, but I think that's a misunderstanding of the word
explicit because I bet Saudi Arabia called it explicit in their review because two men.
Yeah, two men pecking.
Is the Final Fantasy VII remake banned there too?
I mean there's cross-dressing.
Yeah, it's true. So I believe that maybe the review board in Saudi Arabia called it explicit,
but I think we all know that if a guy is giving another guy a hug or saying I love you or
something, that's not explicit. And I'm sorry, this is not going to have two dudes going at
it behind the Chocobo stable. That is not what this is, okay?
Are they going to play the Chocobo team now?
What's that?
Let's get... You know what? Not that I would ever do Boilesque, but if I did,
that's going to be my song.
Mike, do you see what Mike said?
Mike Defton chat called it Choco Back Mountain.
You know what? How many of you in chat? Put one in chat if you
would get on the stripper pole to Crazy Chocobo. All right.
Anyway.
That depends on the first part. Would I get on a stripper pole?
All right. Thank you all for the ones in chat. Thank you. All right. Here's the thing.
And here's my serious point with it is that I think there's been a rumor for a little bit
now that this game is going to have an openly gay character in it. And so this type of banning makes
it seem like, okay, this is just confirmation that yes, we're going to have an openly gay
character in the game. No, they're not going to be boating. It's just, there's a guy probably
having a love thing for another guy in the game. Cool. I would say it's the first openly gay
character in Final Fantasy because I don't think it's the first gay character in Final Fantasy
because you're not going to change my head canon. Fang and Vanille, they were not just sisters,
okay, in Final Fantasy 13. All right. Everybody kind of reads differently into it and that's
fine. But this will be the first game of openly gay character. However, usually at this point,
because I love the Final Fantasy series, I love the fact that this is June and this game is
literally releasing Pride Weekend. I just want to say, usually I'd be busting out the confetti
cannons and the rainbow flags going, hooray, this is wonderful representation. I'm roadblocked a
little bit because I feel I can't celebrate because whereas they may have done a good thing
here, we all know they did a not great thing when it came to racial representation and the response
to said thing. And that continues to be an issue. As I've stated on the show before, I believe it's
an issue much bigger than just this one game and Yoshi P, but it is an issue and it holds me back
from being able to go, yay. Because even though I like to think because I'm an ally, I can't
celebrate unless we're all celebrating and we're not all going to be celebrating. So it's a bummer.
Well, that's how I feel about folks playing Blizzard games.
Well, and everybody also draws their lines in certain places. So that's how I feel about
certain social media websites, but it is what it is. SSJ went ahead and met with a very interesting
comment saying, doesn't the Saudi public investment fund own part of Square anyways? Not saying that
they have a say in the matter, but just interesting to think about. Oh no, very interesting to think
about because we've heard about how Saudi investments more and more and more in certain
gaming companies and this whole, and there's a whole, I don't want to get too far down this
rabbit hole, but I have to just as somebody who is gay and I'm not going to apologize for it
on this particular program. Saudi Arabia has also been like, actually, wait, I don't want to
misstate this. I don't want to get this wrong. I think it might be another country.
There's a country that criminalized LGBTQ in the media this week that then said,
oh, but we don't want to discourage gay people from coming here and visiting and spending their
tourist dollars. They don't have anything to worry about if they come out here.
No, it wasn't Uganda, Rama. Maybe it was Qatar during the World Cup. I feel like it was Saudi
Arabia in the news this week. No, I think you're right. I think it was.
Yeah. So I apologize profusely if I am misappropriating that comment, but
I'm not able to Google in the moment here. But I just remember seeing it cross my timeline and I
was like, if you don't treat us all with respect, you do not have the right to these dollars,
period. I think it goes for any factor that you feel strongly enough. And people will
look in judgment at anyone who says they're an ally who does this. If you're an ally to
trans people, you won't put money in Harry Potter. If you're an ally to women, you won't put
your money into things that have hurt women. If you're an ally to having free human rights all
over the world, you won't visit places with those massive human rights violations.
Right. SSJ 100 Matt doing the research and finding out apparently Saudi Arabia owns 4.32%
of Square Enix. That is very interesting, actually. And part of this I hadn't considered
before, to be honest, that Saudi Arabia actually has a stake in Square Enix and now is suppressing
arguably one of Square Enix's biggest releases of the year in their own country. It's just wild to
me. That's how much they don't like gay stuff. It's just wild.
I'm also posting in the chat, but for anyone who wants to look, if you look up
the Human Rights Watch website, they have a map of where there's anti-LGBT laws by country.
And so I think everyone owes it to themselves and others to be educated on this and make ethical
decisions.
All right, let's move on to something happier. A follow-up, actually, of something we talked
about a few weeks ago, because I remember we were making our own predictions about this story,
but now we know what, DarkSakura? Well, we know who is making it into the
video game hall of fame, and those are going to be Computer Space, Barbie Fashion Designer,
The Last of Us, and Wii Sports. I believe that I named three of those.
I'm trying to go back and find the receipts if I save that document from that episode.
I might have my notes from when I, no, I just have my classic game lists.
Yeah, I'd have to go back to that episode. I really should have saved those guesses.
I know I said Barbie, and I know I said Computer Space.
Yeah. But at any rate,
these are all games that had absolute influence and notability for what they contributed to
video games in popular culture and in general.
The first one, of course, being the first commercial video game that was
Computer Space. If you think about it, in 1970, there wasn't a video game market.
This began it. Barbie Fashion Designer was the first one to target girls.
Very gender role oriented, but still. And Last of Us, it stood out for being
more than a game. It being a full story experience.
Yeah.
And of course, Wii Sports was the one that gets everybody playing the game.
Targeted at retirement homes. Just kidding.
I mean, but still, it could get children into gaming. It got the elderly into gaming.
Because make no mistake, yes, it's physical activity, but it is also gamifying physical
activity, which can go a long way. I mean, that's sort of the approach I've been taking to
how I'm doing ballet. I set myself these levels to get, you know, it's gratifying to get a score
and it's gratifying to find yourself getting better at the game. It's the same thing.
And I honestly, well, brava. Those are some good selections.
Yeah, they're good. I seem to remember on my personal list, I'm pretty sure I had Barbie and
Wii Sports, but I know for a fact, I did not put computer space on it. And I'm pretty sure
I didn't put Last of Us on it because I kind of felt like Last of Us, I felt was a little bit
more of the recency bias with the TV show and so forth. But I'm not mad about the pick whatsoever.
Like I get it. I totally get it. You know, these are all strong picks. It's just, you know, the
short list, I believe had Wizardry on it. I think that was one of the ones that I had selected.
But still, it's a very decent, it's hard to be mad at this list for sure.
I'm double checking the other ones. Well, yeah, in computer space,
one of the important things about that is that their developers went on to establish Atari.
Yeah.
Okay, there was also Age of Empires, Angry Birds, Call of Duty 4, Modern Warfare, FIFA,
GoldenEye 007, NBA 2K, Quake and Wizardry. I think I might have mentioned Quake.
Yeah, I feel like Quake was on my shortlist too, but yeah.
But no, I totally agree with this list of winners for the reasons listed. They were all notable.
And I do actually completely agree with The Last of Us being on there, because I think it is one
of those few games that has pushed the border of entertainment, you know, between how much of this
is narrative and how much of this is game and the emotional investment involved. Because I
don't think I've talked to a single person who's played it that hasn't gotten somewhat emotional
over parts of the game.
Yeah. And I get it. Again, I can't help but feel like the recent success of the HBO show
lent itself to that. And how much is that a reflection of the original game, especially
compared to some of these other older titles? But at the same time, sure. Obviously the fact
that the source material lent itself to be able to make something like that, I get it. I understand
why it's on the shortlist and why ultimately they picked it. Maybe I'm just being an old man saying,
but there's older games they should have played. I get it. There's got to be a contemporary title
or two to make everybody pay attention. It's so funny because this is the same week as the Rock
and Roll Hall of Fame, right? Because we've seen all those posts about Missy Elliott made the
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Because if you're not already aware, because they put in Dolly Parton
last year, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is really like the Music Hall of Fame. It's not just
rock music. It's all music basically. But anyway, I digress. All right. Let's move on to a game that
will this, will this end up in the Hall of Fame someday? I don't know. I don't know, Loki.
It might, but like, yeah. You know, Dead Game, of course, Pokemon Go hit its lowest revenue in five
years. But of course, you know, Niantic isn't confirming that to be the case. Of course,
why would they? So according to the market research tool App Magic, they have determined
that in the month of April, that the revenue was down to $34.7 million, which is the lowest monthly
game revenue since February 2018. But Niantic says nope, nope, nope. In fact, revenues up.
Um, I mean, cool. That's still making quite a bit of money. I would like to make
$30 million in a month. Deft in chat took the words right out of my mouth. Niantic responding
to this so fast and not to the community is hilarious and sad. I actually think I'll take
out the word hilarious and just say sad. I understand your usage of it completely
Deft, but I just want to focus on the negative here. There's a rare thing on this show. I love
games and I try to be very positive about games. And I've been trying to be very positive about
this company too. This continues to piss me off and nothing exacerbates it more than this example.
They responded to this story within a day. They still have not responded to the community. Fuck
off. It's so upsetting. Well, gotta please the shareholders, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Deft says,
believe me, I'm not laughing in a happy way either. No. And I get the way you meant it.
Sometimes you have to laugh because you've expended every other emotion.
I guess it's sometimes why people laugh at funerals. It's how we process grief.
Anyway. Yeah, it's, I mean, obviously, like, I don't believe it. I don't believe that they were
up. I think that obviously it's starting to come around. But like, still, it's a lot of money that
they're making. Like if one starts getting down to the single digit millions, and let's call it,
you know, that they're suffering. But right now, it's like, oh, no, they only made $34 million.
I can tell you right now, it's not like they're breaking the bank. They didn't put $34 million
worth of development into the game during the month of April. So they're making plenty of money.
Like, it's just, I don't know. It's, it's so wild with Niantic. So Niantic's putting out a
new game this week. I don't know if y'all know, but that Peridot is finally releasing, at least
in the US. I don't know if it's a global release or just the US, but it's coming out this week. So
do with that info what you will. I will say this. I found out they're working on another
application and it's, I've been out for a little bit in testing. It's called Truffle. And it's the
type of social media, social network they're working on. It's only in beta test in the Austin,
Texas area right now, because I believe they soft launched it with South by Southwest in Austin,
Texas. But it's interesting because we remember the words about Niantic purchasing a social
network and what were they doing it for? And it appears it's this, and it's an interesting type of
your friends pointing out the cool places in town and the hotspots with these, this app. It sounds
interesting. Yeah. It almost sounds like a, a sort of an evolution of sorts of four square.
So I'm curious to get, I can't tell you cause I can't use it. It's only available in Austin right
now, but it's interesting to see how Niantic goes in all these other directions. And that's why I
feel like again, Niantic on some, on some principle, I don't think it's going to be hurt
by the shit they're pulling in Pokemon go and, and the potential revenue being lost, you know,
whether it's factor perceived or whatever it is at this point, because they have all these other
things going on that seem like they're really interesting and probably going to be positive,
but it's so weird to watch a company like literally leave money at the altar.
Or on the table, whatever you want to call it. They're literally leaving money at the table
by doing this. I it's, it's just, I've never seen anything like it in gaming.
I mean, yeah, I don't know. They feel it's a, it's a, they feel that it's a gamble. I mean,
they just look at the numbers. We can, we can't see their backend data. So to them, you know,
yeah, it's, it's a balance between pissing off the fan base and pissing off the people that
are paying for these in game purchases. If it doesn't upset the whales, then whatever.
I can't see in our chat right now says you could most likely chalk up most of the industry's
problems to shareholders and execs. Oh, this show turns 21 next, next month. If there's one lesson,
I want you to take from 21 years of orange lounge radio. It's that every, everything that's wrong in
this industry is shareholder isn't execs. Every bad decision ever made in gaming was made in a
boardroom. It wasn't made by an artist. It wasn't made by a level designer. It wasn't made by a QA
tester. It wasn't made by the hardworking people on the front lines. It wasn't made by it. Every
bad decision was made in a boardroom. If you could take anything from 21 years of this show,
take that. Enjoy. All right. Anyhow, moving on. I think we're over to, oh, me talking about
Final Fantasy Pixel Remaster. Ah, yes. After all, I have been playing this series a little bit,
at least the first game. I kind of got sidetracked from playing the second game, thanks to Stranger
of Paradise. But at some point I'll get back to it. Anyway, the sales have been bragged about a
little bit for the Final Fantasy Pixel Remaster. They have crossed 2 million units worldwide.
That's right. Now that these have been released on more platforms, Square has announced that they
have sold over 2 million units worldwide. In a tweet, Final Fantasy wrote, we're delighted
to announce we've shipped and digitally sold over 2 million copies of the Final Fantasy
Pixel Remaster series across Steam, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, and mobile. Thank you all
for joining us. If you haven't, now's the perfect time. Yes, yes. Put that in there. Of course,
now that doesn't say if it's 2 million from 6, if you bought all 6, does that count as 6 or does
that count as 1? Because I bet it counts as 6. But still, not bad numbers for something that was
probably a smaller team to make than something like Final Fantasy XVI or, you know,
Forespoken or some of Square Enix's other recent releases. So, I'm sure they're feeling pretty
good about this number. It's a bummer they couldn't put out more physical copies because
there's a lot of people that still want those, can't get them. But anyway, I guess there are
other people leaving money on the table, who knew? But congrats on the sales. I hope it encourages
the remake of more retro. I hope we get something like this for more retro titles. Chrono Trigger.
Hello. It's Square. It's time. Square. Square Enix. It's time. Chrono Trigger. You've had
these Final Fantasy Pixel Remasters. You've had Chrono Cross. I realize that's probably not the
best example, but you fixed Chrono Cross a year later. You've done Live Alive. You've got that
Square. Chrono Trigger. It's time. Do it. Tactics 2, please. Thank you. All right, moving on.
Dark Sakura. For a moment, I was making sure that I wasn't muted because I had been munching. But,
you know, there's still that big news censorship issue going on in Russia, especially in regards to
their horrid acts against Ukraine. But a Finnish newspaper is doing something about it. The
newspaper is called, I am going to butcher this. That's not the name of it, by the way.
Helsing and Sonomat, they were bypassing Russia's censorship using Counter-Strike.
So, basically, the thing is that while the news outlets are blocked, foreign media and whatnot,
online games are not banned. And Counter-Strike is really, really popular in Russia. So, you can
make custom-made maps that anyone can download and use. And so, that is what this paper is pretty
much doing. In fact, they unveiled this on World Press Freedom Day, which was this past Wednesday.
They have a basement in one of the apartment buildings. And in a hidden room,
there are Russian-language reporting by newspaper war correspondents in Ukraine. So,
you can actually see what the true documentation is outside of Russia. And it's a digital room
lit up by red lights and plastered with news articles and pictures that report on the various
events going on. And on one of the walls, players can find a map of Ukraine that shows
where there are details on attacks on civilian populations and a Russian-language recording
of someone reading the articles allowed playing in the background. And basically,
these are escaping Russian propaganda. And then that map has been downloaded over 2,000
times though the paper can't track the downloads by geography. But even so, this is...
Actually, I'm gonna read this quote from one of the people behind this. This definitely underlines
the fact that every attempt to obstruct the flow of information and blind the eyes of the public
is doomed to fail in today's world. And this is like the modern equivalent of the air raids that
would drop flyers on countries during World War II. It's an awfully clever way to get through
that firewall of information. I will say it's fascinating that it's in a video game too,
but pretty cool for gaming because we don't always get associated with the good stories.
But this is super clever how they're doing this. The irony that it's in Counter-Strike,
which is an anti-terrorism TV team type of thing. And the fact that it's so popular,
I think that it has something like over 4 million players in Russia. If even a quarter of people
download this map on some kind of whim and then see all of this, they're gonna talk about it.
Of course, then we have the counter. How long is it gonna take the Russian government to start
noticing as well and shut this down? But at any rate, I'm glad the information is out there.
I'm glad that the truth is being known. They haven't shut down podcasts though,
because I don't want to shine a spotlight on anyone, but I know in our Discord,
we have somebody over there that participates with this show and is aware of what's going on
over there. They're not plugging up all the holes. Well, no, I think that it's impossible to
you know, to plug up everything. And on top of that, I wouldn't even be surprised if there are
maybe lower level politicians who don't really care for what their country is doing.
And they may have to tow a public line, but I wouldn't doubt that there are
sympathetic people who are letting the information come through.
Yeah. All right. Well, let's move on. We have some more stories. Let's go to this.
Timely with next month being the time when E3 would have happened, but you know.
Yes. So Xbox Game Showcase, which is going to be Sunday, June 11th at 10 a.m. Pacific time,
which they're going to have a Starfield Direct immediately following the Xbox Game Showcase.
More of like, OK, listen, Starfield's not as broken as Redfall. Trust us. You know,
we still have time to. So, yeah, I'm curious to see what that's going to look like.
Obviously, the Xbox Game Showcase is going to show us more of what the Xbox studios are working on.
So hopefully we'll see some more stuff out of that as well. And being that Starfield's got
its own direct. Maybe, you know, other things, so. Yeah, apparently also on June 13th,
they're going to be airing a Xbox Game Showcase extended and says it's a stream
that will host some interviews based off of the game announcements. I'm excited.
Yeah. What else from Microsoft Studios would you like to hear more about?
Fable. Yeah, that's a new Fallout game or like not necessarily the Fallout, but like
whatever was it? Obsidian is working on. Oh, oh, it's on the tip of my tongue. I can't remember
the name of the game. There's another game that they're working on. It's another medieval game.
Yeah, pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. They showed a preview for it at one point and I
totally can't remember what it was called now, but yes.
I would like to see that. I just like to see like it's more of the stuff that we don't know
is coming yet. Like, I think that's exciting. I'm still hopeful for Starfield. Like, I'm not,
it's Starfield's not something I'm like super excited about, but like, I'm going to check it
out. But like, it's I'm just like trying to see what, you know, stuff to anticipate, you know,
what new things are out there. I mean, you know, obviously for some other sports is cool. I mean,
I'm more excited about whatever the next Horizon game is. That said, I still haven't played the
last Horizon game or maybe I did play the last Horizon game. I don't know. Probably still need
to play the last Horizon game because Horizon's awesome, but I'm more excited about the Horizon
series versus like the mainline sports series. But I mean, I don't know. Let's see what other
cool stuff they have coming. All right. I wanted to mention as show 100 Matt in chat says, needless
to say that Sunday show role will be written on the fly to accommodate that. As is typical that
we've done in year past, usually what we do is we kind of block off the opening of the show to just
say, we're going to talk about whatever Microsoft unveiled this morning. So we've, we've done that
with the traditional E3 press conference schedule. If you go back a few years, usually we would say,
first half of the show, we're going to talk about Microsoft and Sony. Second half of the show,
we're talking about Nintendo. So, you know, we'll do something like that with whatever
additional press conferences we may get or information dumps that week. So yes,
sometimes we have to be a little bit flexible on the fly because we have no idea what they will say
because there might be something that blows us away. You never know. Something that didn't
make the show world tonight, but there are continued, it wasn't our discord.
Now I'll urge you all to go over to our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
But earlier today, there's more rumors going around about Sony's continued partnership with
Konami. And we know that the Silent Hill 2 remake is something that's exclusive to PlayStation 5.
Apparently those rumors are ramping up that there's also going to be a Metal Gear Solid 3,
for some reason, remake. It seems odd to me they're going straight for 3 and not doing the
trilogy, but that's what happens with these rumors sometimes is they're weird. That's happening. And
then something new in the Castlevania universe is rumored that's going to be a Sony exclusive,
a reimagining of Castlevania. Again, take it all with a grain of salt. But the reason why I say
all that is that that could be huge news if a Castlevania game comes out of nowhere. I'm sorry,
but that's bigger than almost anything to me because I love that series. I'd be so excited
if that happens. Assuming it's not looking like the Xbox 360 games and a little more maybe like
the PlayStation Saturn games. All right. If I'm looking for a new game to play, the Xbox app on
PC, because that's the thing is you run apps on your PC now, especially Windows 11, you can find
games based on accessibility features now. So you can actually go in and look for games on Game Pass
based on accessibility types of features. Also, so mean like narrated game menus, a steady camera,
volume controls. Those are some examples of things you can sort for in the Xbox app. Also, you could
also sort on the how long to beat. So this was already in there because I know you look at some
games and they'll show you like the estimation on how long is it to beat and how long is it to fully
complete. And you can actually sort on these as well. As an example, Mass Effect 3 says it takes
24 and a half hours to beat the main story, but 50 total hours if you want to do everything,
including side quests, which sounds about right. That's about how long it took me and I did
everything including side quests. So, but that is neat that you can sort for that as well,
especially the accessibility features. Very cool for folks that are looking for something new to
maybe can't keep track of, oh, this game has this, this game has that, and that stuff.
All right, let's take time now to take a step back in time with this segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
But it's not just a game because once a month, it's a non-video game. What did you pick for us
this month, DarkSakura? I picked Operation.
Good pick. Because it's got some electronics in it. Yeah, some electronics. Very shocking little
game. Anyway, Operation is a game that originally came out March 27th, 1965 and went through very
few aesthetic changes until I'd say more recently. But it is a, it runs on batteries and it is a game
of physical skill that tests your hand, eye coordination, and fine motor skills.
It was developed, actually, the prototype was invented in 1964 by the University of Illinois'
industrial design student, John Spinello, and then he sold the rights to a toy designer named
Marvin Glass for $500 and the promise of the job. He never got the job. But it was produced by
Milton Bradley in 1965 and is currently produced by Hasbro and the franchise is worth about
$40 million. It is a variant of an older, older game that was popular at fairs. It involved an
electrified wire loop. But this one is an operating table. It's lithographed with this
lightness of a patient who's nicknamed Cavity Sam and has a large red light bulb for the nose and
no junk. And on the surface are different openings that are labeled with the names and functions for
different ailments that have plastic pieces in there. And then in general, you have to use
tweezers to remove these objects without touching the edge of the cavity opening.
So at any rate, and also one thing I think is absolutely hilarious at the Kaiser doctor's office,
not far from me, there's a giant painting of an operation table in the lobby and I think that's
fantastic. I'll take a picture of it next time I'm there. But anyway, you have two sets of cards
on the game and there's a specialist card that you get at the start of the game and extra cards
are removed from play. The doctor cards are shuffled to make a deck and are placed face down.
The American and Australian versions, you take turns taking a doctor card and the top doctor card
and then offering a cash payment for removing the object. So the player in control uses a pair of
tweezers that are also referred to as electro probes connected to the board by a wire to remove
the piece without touching the metal edges of the cavity. So if you remove it, then you turn the card
over and the value is what you're paid. A failure will allow you to use your specialist card for
that ailment to remove it for double value. And then if you lose your specialist card or if no
one is holding it, the doctor card is returned to the bottom of the deck. And then the cards
are both types removed from play as soon as the pieces are retrieved. If you draw a
certain doctor card while holding its corresponding specialist card, then you can deliberately fail
the first one and then use the second one for that double value. But the winner is the player
that has the most money after all the pieces have been removed. And it is definitely a challenging
game because these little holes in there are kind of deep. The wishbone to me was probably
one of the harder pieces. The Adam's apple being that it's round is also a fairly difficult one.
I always found the butterflies easy and the rubber band. The charlie horse was also hard.
I thought the rubber band was a monster. Oh, no, thank you. I just have to read this comment.
This is so funny. Bonz006 says, so this game was undercover black market organ harvesting.
Yeah.
Pretty much. But at any rate, the pieces are as follows. There's the Adam's apple,
which is an apple in the throat. And that's $100. There's a broken heart. There's a heart with a
crack on it. That's also $100. The wrenched ankle, which is a wrench in the ankle for $100.
Butterflies in the stomach, which is a butterfly in the stomach, $100. Spare rib, which is two ribs
fused together as one piece for $150. Water on the knee, which is a pail, a little plastic pail
for $150. The funny bone is a cartoonish bone for $200. A charlie horse is a small horse that
rests near the hip joint. I always think of charlie horses as being in the ankle, but never mind.
Ryder's cramp, which is a pencil in the forearm for $200. The ankle bone connected to the knee
bone. That's the rubber band that is stretched between the two pegs. It is the only non-plastic
piece and the challenge where you have to insert it rather than remove it. And it comes from the
song Dem Bones. Anyway, the wishbone, like the chicken wishbone located in the chest for $300.
Brain freeze, which is an ice cream cone in the brain for $600. That was added in 2004 when
Milton Bradley had fans vote on a new piece. And the promotion was called What's Ailing Sam?
And the top prize was a $5,000 shopping spree. The other contenders were tennis elbow and growling
stomach. And then of course the last piece is the bread basket, which is a slice of bread.
It's a very small notch. The notch is removed to make you able to grab it, but it's a
it's a thousand. I honestly, I never thought that one was super hard. It seems to me like some of
the quote easier ones were some of the harder ones. As far as other variations, the very first
variation of this by Hasbro came out in 2009. It was an update called Operation Sound Effects.
It was the only one to remove the buzzer and cards in place of the speaker. And so the game
could announce the pieces to be removed by the player using an audio cue such as twang for the
rubber band and a busy tone for the cell phone. There's a cell phone? But you had to press Sam's
nose after removing the piece. And when all the pieces had been removed and Sam's nose is pressed,
the game plays a victory song. It also will allow you to do standard operation
by sliding the power button to a lightning bolt. There are licensed versions out there,
including a few Spider-Man ones. There's a Fallout version where you operate on Vault Boy.
And the rads alarm is Sam's nose buzzer. In 2020, there was one called Operation Pet Scan,
where you removed objects from a dog's digestive tract. The Dutch version is called Dr. Bibor,
which is translated to Dr. Shakey. That's a better name for the game.
I like that it was included, Dr. Bibor. Plus, I found a rad video in the YouTube-related clips
that say SpongeBob SquarePants Operation Game. Oh, is that legit?
Yeah, I think so, yeah. The funny thing about Operation, this is a great pick, by the way,
Darzaga, and I actually have a recent story about this too, which is wild, is that I went on the
Star Trek cruise a few weeks ago, really, a couple months ago, and they actually did a live on-stage
game of Operation during the variety show. They had a giant oversized operation board,
and they had the doctor, because Robert Picardo was there, they had the doctor
go against somebody else that was in the audience. And of course, the person in the audience won.
But it cracked me up because it's so obvious. The entertainment company that does the Star
Trek cruise is infamous. The very next week, they do a cruise called the 80s cruise,
and they get a bunch of old 80s bands and the 80s MTV VJs, like Martha Quinn and stuff, go on the
cruise. It's that. It's very obvious that they had an operation thing on the ship for 80s week,
and they were like, how could we use this for Star Trek week? Oh, we'll get the doctor to play.
You know, I'm also looking at Hasbro's website, and in addition to the PET scan,
there's an Operation X-Ray matchup, and there is Operation Junior.
Zenmonkey11 talking about SpongeBob in chat says he doesn't have organs or bones.
Don't put logic into Milton Bradley's Operation game.
How dare you put logic in the fantasy?
You will not go far.
It does not belong here.
DJ Rama S is asking about the 80s cruise, Kurt Loder. Kurt Loder is more of a 90s icon,
and believe it or not, Kurt Loder is more like 90s. I associate him with the news that,
I know this is terrible, but it is what it is. I associate him with the news that Kurt Cobain
passed away, because remember that was the big thing. It broke, you know, and it's Kurt Loder.
Kurt Loder is like in his late 70s. Not saying that it's too old to cruise, but that man is a
lot older than you think, because he was kind of older on MTV for the average. I mean, the sad part
is he was probably our age when he was on MTV, but that was older than most of the people you
saw on MTV at the time. So Kurt Loder's a little older. Oh, thank you. Rama says he's 78. So Kurt
Loder's a little older. Probably even this, I would say those 80s, like Martha Quinn's
gotta be maybe what, like late or early 60s, late 60s maybe. So, you know.
I love Martha Quinn.
Yeah. Anyway, ZenMonkey11 says, I miss 90s and early 2000s MTV. Don't we all? Don't we all miss
that era when MTV actually played music videos? But the reality is, now we just see music videos
whenever we want on YouTube. So it's interesting. Anyway. All right. Thank you for taking us down
memory lane with the non-video game of the month operation. All right. Let's do some other news
around the gaming industry in a segment we call Rapid Fire News. Loki, you want to start us off?
Yeah. So we have a cool indie game being made, or I should say like, it's not like a deep,
sort of a de-make, but probably an improvement. It is a custom Zelda Game Boy game based off of
one of the CDI Zelda games. So they've taken that now, the story of that and created a top-down RPG
in the style of a Game Boy. I covered that last week.
Oh, you did? Okay. Yeah. Definitely worth checking out if you haven't done it already.
Um, and then we may have some more casting news regarding the new moral combat movie that's
supposed to be coming out, the new sequel. Um, the rumor is that apparently Carl Urban will be
playing Johnny Cage. What?
It, yeah, I have a hard time picturing that. Like honestly, shaved Carl Urban maybe,
like just like right now in the boys Carl Urban. I don't really see it.
Somebody in Discord, it may have been Tiger Claw. Sorry if I'm misappropriating this comment,
but I believe suggested it could be an older, burnt out Johnny Cage, like an older take on
the character. And considering in the later Mortal Kombat games, Johnny Cage has a kid,
right? Cassie Cage. It may make sense to go that route. Could be interesting.
That makes sense. Yeah.
Multiple people in chat suggesting Carl Urban for Kano, but I believe Kano was in the last movie,
right? You know, though, I honestly, my, my ultimate Carl Urban is as Judge Dredd.
What has he been in lately? I just, I don't know anything outside of Star Trek.
That show. Okay. It's awesome. Got it.
Yeah. Tiger Claw says it here in chat. Thank you. Says I could see a Johnny Cage as an
aging actor who hasn't had a hit movie for some time. Yeah. It's, it's, it could be that take on
Johnny Cage. It's not the, the modern, younger take. And if they want to put in characters like
Cassie Cage and Jackie Briggs, they, they may do some, some aging, a little bit of the characters.
I love Cassie and Jackie and they need to be there.
Yeah. I, I would, I would like to see the more modern characters involved too.
The new Mortal Kombat movie wasn't bad. It was okay.
I never did see it. I'm lame. I still haven't seen the Mario Brothers movie.
I know you need to see D and D. See the Dungeons and Dragons movie. If you're going to go see a
movie, go see Dungeons and Dragons. I still need to see Guardians of Galaxy 3 that just came out
this week. But like, can I even see D and D anymore in theaters? Yeah, I think so. I mean,
I figured. Let's go. Wait, see Mario or D and D? Both. But are we going to theater hop?
No, we can do D and D. Like, like we're 17.
I think if you choose the two, between the two, I think you'll have more fun seeing D and D. Like,
honestly. I do want to see them both. I like Mario, but like.
I can't see since D and D's on Netflix. It's on digital now. Yeah. That's how fast,
yeah. That's how fast the movies are. Scream 6 is on Paramount Plus already.
That was just out in theaters like six months ago.
Oh, well then there you go. Watch it on Netflix.
I guess so, but I want to watch it again. I can still come to Dark Sakura's house and eat
popcorns. Yes, I have two courses of popping. Okay.
All right. Well, I think it's on like, yeah, because I don't know if it's on demand in the
sense that you can rent it like on demand. It's not like included with your subscription on demand
yet. It's probably still in theaters. I think Mario was dated for the first week of June.
I want to say I saw an early date for digital that was the first week of June.
But yeah, the days of like six months between theaters and those days are gone.
It's mere weeks now. It's pretty wild, but I kind of like it to be honest. Like,
and plus for those people, you know, not everybody is still comfortable going to a movie theater,
masked or not. Not everybody's still comfortable with that. So it, you know, for those folks,
they don't have to wait that long. It's not too bad. So. All right. Oh, Def says Mario was
supposed to be on demand this week. Are you kidding me? Well, if I just sit around Twitter
long enough, apparently I'll get a copy from Argentina. Like I thought there was news though
that got delayed because it was doing so well. So they don't want to immediately like cut into their
sales. I think they got pushed back. Zen Monkey 11 in chat says I watch it on VR on a big screen
like I'm in a movie theater. Then I eat Jelly Belly popcorn flavor. It's close to the real
thing. Dude. I used to love those Jelly Belly popcorn jelly beans. Now I don't eat them anymore
because LOL diabetes, but they were good. They were really good. Anyway.
Those are the only kind of jelly beans I can eat because of allergies, but I feel bad about eating
them now because of who they supported. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not a huge fan of Jelly Belly
at all, to be honest. But before all that happened, when I was eating them more, it was
that and toasted marshmallows by far my favorite flavor, just to be clear. All right. Moving on,
I think Dark Soccer, you have a rapid fire story. I do. Street Fighter 6 comics.
There was something that came out for free comic book day. Of course, the art is being done by
Udon, which has done many, many of the releases for the Street Fighter comics over the years.
But the Street Fighter 6 number zero was out. It had behind it, you know, folks from Capcom,
Genzo Man, Edwin Huang, and Matt Moylan. The first issue, though, did get pushed back and will
release on May 24th with other issues coming afterwards. So it is a lead in that follows Ken
as he is invited to a mysterious tournament that then endangers his family. And that's why
he apparently is parading around as a displaced person. So in the game. But yeah. But I mean,
and also, you know, for other goodies about it, there's going to be, you know,
a steelbook case and there's new music tracks coming out. And still more talks about a movie.
Good times. I can't wait for Street Fighter 6. I hope it doesn't get lost amongst the other games
for me. I like the demo. I did try the demo, by the way. I loved how you just fight random people
on the street. It was pretty cool. All right. Yeah. I love the time I played it. It was so
much fun. Shane showed up in chat and says I said something wrong. Did I say it was six months ago
that Scream 6 was in theaters? I meant to say weeks, six weeks ago, that these movies are
turning around fast. He says I said months, but sometimes I feel like he's gaslighting me. All
right. Anyway, let's talk about Xbox Game Pass and some new additions coming to Xbox Game Pass in
early May, which of course we all know Red Fall. We talked about that, but what else do you have
to look forward to on Game Pass? Ravenlock just came out on the 4th and coming out tomorrow is
Weird West Definitive Edition on series X and S. Also Shadowrun Trilogy coming out for PC.
This is, it's already on cloud and console, but now it will be on PC. So that is, if you're
thinking I've already played that on Game Pass, it's now going to be on PC. These are the tactical
RPG Shadowrun games now on PC. Fuga Melodies of Steel 2 will also be out. This is a day
one release and it's a sequel to the first Fuga Melodies of Steel. Some other games that recently
released on Game Pass, Besiege, Quantum Break returned if you weren't already aware, and then
some download games you can get. LEGO Star Wars The Skywalker Saga now has Luke Starkiller in it.
I don't know if that's something you get free. Is it Luke? Like clone Luke from the books?
Oh, it is the early concept design of Luke Skywalker.
Oh yeah. Cause that was his name during the Blue Harvest days.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates,
some games that you'll be playing a little sooner than Starfield. Loki.
Yes. Darkest Dungeon 2 out on PC this week. Dookapon Kingdom Connect on Nintendo Switch.
Fuga Melodies of Steel 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One,
and Xbox Series. Marvel's Midnight Suns on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. And last but not least,
Legend of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom Better Not Pirate Edition on Nintendo Switch.
I'm pretty sure that's the DLC for Midnight Suns because the Bloodstorm pack is coming out
as a download character. I think that maybe it, well, no, it's the actual game because it
launched on next gen and stuff. Now it's launching on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. But yes, also the
DLC is coming out for the Switch. The DLC is coming out and then they said something about
the Switch version being canceled. What? Oh, it's such a good game and people just weren't
giving it enough of a chance. I'm looking forward to the future Vampire Storm coming in.
Yeah. No Switch version for Marvel's Midnight Suns, which I think was shown at a Nintendo
Direct. Bravo. All right. Well, let's move on and check out what's coming out in Japan. We're
coming off of Golden Week. So what are the big releases this week? Well, on the Nintendo Switch,
nobody wants to go up against The Legend of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom because pretty much that is
the release. But like regular edition, collector's edition, there's an amiibo coming out for it.
There's third party covers, ear pod collections, a new front cover, a pouch, a hard case. You name
it, you can get it for Tears of the Kingdom and Zelda. Because as I was referencing earlier in
the show, we talked about it at the top of the show, this is the game that some people drop
everything for. So this is that game's moment. As far as any game willing to release against
this game in Japan, no, nothing on the Switch. Let me check the PlayStation 5 real quick.
No, there's nothing on the PlayStation 5 either. Nobody's willing to touch Zelda this week.
That's it. What about the PS4 if I go back that far? Sorry. I'm just like,
really? Nobody's releasing anything. No, not even on PS4. Zelda and that's it in Japan. Dark
Soccer. You're gonna like it. That's right. On May 11 for PlayStation, Xbox and Switch, we have
TT Isle of Man Ride on the Edge 3. We have on the 12th on Switch Legend of Zelda Tears of the
Kingdom. And that's it. That is fucking it. Sounds like a lot of stores are gonna make
their money off of Zelda this week and there really doesn't need to be anything else coming
out this week. I'm waiting for Puzzle Bobble. I'm just saying. No. Ooh, she's different. Okay.
I love this baseball's reference there, Dark Knight. Zelda the flamethrower,
merchandising. All right, moving on. We have some more headlines for you and then we'll get to your
calls and your emails. I think we actually have a couple emails tonight, so we'll get to those
and we'll get to your calls over on Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord. But first, Loki.
Yes, and a new episode of What Year Is This? We have a brand new Double Dragon game coming out.
What year is this? Double Dragon Gaiden Rise of the Dragons. It is a brand new game
that I guess is a sequel to, or maybe a side story of, developed by Motus Games and it includes,
they have like some roguelite elements to it. There's four different missions you can choose
from that have randomized stage lanes. I'm sorry, hold up, hold up, rewind, backtrack.
You said roguelike in a Double Dragon game? Yes, they have some of that, but then there's also,
there's 13 playable characters. There's a two player co-op mode. They have even a tag team
like ability so you play as two characters at once type of thing. It looks interesting. It's
coming out on PC, Xbox consoles, PlayStation 4 and 5 and Switch. Don't get me wrong. I love me
a roguelike. I love a Dead Cells. I love a roguelike. Does everything need it? I guess so.
Okay, let's put it this way. I don't think it's necessarily like
roguelike in the sense that you play through different levels that are somewhat randomized
and you have money to unlock upgrades. It's as much roguelike as Ivan Iron Man Stewart's
super off-road. Okay, that game was fucking awesome. If you had called it an Iron Man,
Ivan Stewart super off-roading type of game, then I would have been no questions. 10 out of 10,
no notes. No, I'm just saying it's like they have purchasable upgrades or something like that.
Okay, well that's all right then. So that's the thing. Yeah, it looks cool. It's all done like
a retro pixel style type thing. I mean, it looks good. So, I'll check it out.
I have to, okay, hold on.
I have to look at this because even I'm thinking, like, Dark Tetsuya in chat says,
oh yeah, I want a new super off-road. And I'm like, fuck yeah. That's the fucking game I want.
So the first thing I had to look up was, is Ivan Stewart dead? Because I have no idea,
to be quite honest. I'm like, maybe there's a reason we have no more Iron Man Stewart.
I have good news, everyone. Ivan Stewart is 77 years old and is still with us on this earth. So
there could be another Ivan Iron Man Stewart super off-road game. And why we're not getting one,
I don't understand. Because he's sick of that shit.
You know what? And they're still making Madden games even after Madden has left this earth. So
I just, I don't understand. I don't understand why some sports series go on and on and on.
This is this game that never ends. It just goes on and on.
You know Madden fake, he's on somewhere with Elvis on their home planet.
But I'm literally sitting here going, this is a sports game I want every year and I will buy
money every year. Crickets.
Well, I mean, for that you have dirt. I mean, it's rally racing. It's not exactly the same thing,
but I don't know. It's not the same thing.
They had like a, well, they had an off-road Thunder, which is pretty fun. That was a
racing game. It's not the same, but you know, I would take another arcade game.
I bet if I fucking go to a round table pizza, some of them still have a fucking off-road cabinet.
Yep. That hasn't been cleaned underneath since 1993.
The monitor is like as dark as you remember the lights being in the, in the pizza place,
but nope. It's just the monitor that's burnt out because it's from the eighties, you know?
Oh my God. You know, there's, there's kids today listening to this program that have no idea
what Ivan Ironman Stewart, who, first of all, you don't know who Ivan Ironman Stewart is.
And second of all, you've never played his game. And that's, that's just a goddamn shame.
Let's just make it clear.
I had to explain to someone who Evel Knievel was.
Are you kidding me? SSG100Matt says he has 140 followers on his Twitter.
Rob has more followers than him. Are you, are you sure it's him or is this somebody else?
Like, is there photos?
Can't be certain anymore.
I know he can't be certain anymore. What's the at? Drop the at.
Hold on. This is important.
Nope. Yeah. Well.
Okay. Twitter slash Ironman Stewart.
Oh, wow. There's like videos and stuff. Are you kidding me? He has 160 followers?
Are you-
Following him.
I'm following him too. This, this, this is y'all go, go follow Ironman Stewart.
This is an official shout out. I don't understand that his likeness brought us the greatest
pizza arcade video game ever made. And y'all get to give him 160 followers.
This is what's wrong with gamers today. Get off my lawn.
Posting. Why isn't any, why aren't you guys following this guy?
Seriously? I want to know. All right. Oh yeah.
Oh no, please. Oh no. S. Jonah and Matt is checking for any questionable RTs. Oh,
please don't. Oh no. Oh no. I can't. I can't have him having retweeted. You know who from,
Oh God, please, please.
It doesn't appear. I don't-
Please do not have participated in cancelable behavior.
I have an Ironman Stewart. Please let me have this. Let me have
this vanilla latte fantasy, please. All right.
I'm sitting in the big chair.
All right.
And owls. He has an owl camera.
No, S. Jonah and Matt, legit a concern. I understand. I understand. I get it.
I mean, I don't see anything.
Okay, good. Let's just stop there. Stop digging.
Everybody stop. We agree if there's been no tweets in the past two years,
then everything else is figureoutable.
People change.
People change. People change. People grow. All right. Moving on. Dark Sakura.
I can't move on from that. We have to worship the legend.
Right?
Hold on. Okay. At any rate, we have more sad closures going on. Sony shut down
the concrete genie studio Pixel Opus.
They put the announce that it was going to be closing down.
They are- Hold on. I'm trying to- Yeah. They were launched in 2014,
and their first game was Entwined.
And then they put out the announcement that the game was available same day.
And then they put out Concrete Genie, and that was nominated for two BAFTA Game Awards.
And then they were going to be working on something in collaboration with
Sony Pictures Animation, but now it's down. It's gone.
I remember when- That was the year I was at the PlayStation conference on the ground floor.
It was the year they announced Entwined. It was like the first announcement of the night.
And it was like, it's out today.
And they dropped it right there.
Yeah. I played it when I got home. It was decent. I think it was a $10 game, if I remember right.
It wasn't a premium title, but for a $10 game, it was fine. But that's a bummer.
Yeah. It makes me so angry when the little studios are consumed, or at least they're
you know, conceived. And then all of a sudden, nope, we don't think you're viable anymore,
even though you do really good things and have a lot of good potential.
It's just disgusting. It's all money.
SSJ100Matt, who's on the investigation assignment of Ivan Ironman Stewart for
Cancelable Behavior says, confirmed he's just a cute old man that watches
owls and cuddles with his dog. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for letting us have this.
Perfect. Perfect. We love retired life of having owls and cuddling your dog. Perfect.
Sounds like a dream. Perfect.
Barn owls.
Right.
Like he even has like camera shot, like the hutch camera where you can see the eggs and everything.
It's so cute. I love him.
Darth Tetsuya said, I had to refresh and now y'all are following him now.
LOL. Yes, we've we've gotten him up to 165 followers just in the short time we've been
doing this show tonight. I'm just saying the greatest pizza parlor game of all time,
his likeness and every pizza parlor in America and y'all gonna disrespect him with 160 followers.
How many followers does Perez Hilton have? Just out of curiosity.
Who cares?
That's my point. All right. Anyway, moving on.
Loki, I think I have to say that there's been some drama going on in the Dead by Daylight community
around our skull merchant Twitter. And yeah, there's there's a certain streamer has been
going very transphobic against this person. And honestly, I had forgotten that they existed
and that they followed them until the drama came to light yesterday. I'll tell you about it later.
But it's just like, sort of that thing that I think that we remember people in the background,
and then we sort of stopped thinking about them, you know, and I think retirement might have
removed some relevancy. So I mean, that could be a very big reason why there's less of a following
now that and is likely fan base from, you know, racing, you know, or offroading.
Probably your pre internet people. I'm just thinking about it. I'm trying to think
logically why. No, yeah, I get it. All right. Let's move on. Loki have more unfortunate news
in a similar vein of what dark soccer just talked about. Yeah.
Yeah, so unity is laying off 8% of its global workforce or approximately 600 employees.
Previously, they laid off about 225 people about a year ago, and another 284 at the start of this
year. So it says, you know, unfortunately, they haven't, they haven't decided to comment on the
issue. And apparently, in a recent interview, John Riccitello said that it's all about setting
ourselves up for higher growth. It's very clear we had too many layers. And I guess, well, he's
talking about like laying off would affect mill management, because they had too many managers or
something like that. Yeah, but not with like 600 people, you know, 600 managers, so I don't know.
All right.
Both the managers and the people that reported to them. Let's do the whole thing.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know why exactly they were,
you know, what it was. And so you're not commenting on it. But lay off suck.
You know, there was a comment in Discord again, I apologize. I don't have it up in front of me.
But somebody had said that could kind of referencing, I think I'm putting a lot of words,
I'm stretching this comment, but basically suggesting, does this mean we're going to be
down to just one game engine, every game is going to be made in one game engine? Because if Unity
were no, no, I don't think unity. No, there's like tons of stuff. There's open source game engines
out there. Godot is one that you know, a lot of people use for different things. There's like
GameMaker stuff, there's, you know, running your own engine on Unreal. I mean, there's lots of
stuff that's out there. It's just, you know, a lot of these different things could be focused on like,
maybe they're not making enough money in certain areas that they wanted to like, for example,
mobile ads, like there's infrastructure that they're building it for certain stuff,
or maybe they're focusing on different areas that they're not necessarily going to focus on anymore.
I mean, I don't know, I've been solely far removed out of unity for a while that like,
I don't really know what's going on at the company over there. But I know there's a lot
of stuff that people didn't like, especially recently. I'm not sure if that all started with
John Riccitello. But like, there's a lot of things that they don't like where unity is going with
stuff. So you know, quest buster has some a plus takes in the chat and says, No way unity is doing
well. It's behind Honkai star rail and Genshin impact among many other games. Yeah, those are
huge games on Twitch right now. And pointing out also this is the I think really the a plus comment
but unity doesn't have Fortnite to fund it. Facts. That is a big, big facts.
Yeah. VX Jason XV Hello Hello says unity epic cry where I don't know if source two is still viable,
but I know it's out there. So yeah, all right. There are other options. Good to know.
All right. Well options on where to get your news about Zelda tears of the kingdom. You know,
again, this is going to be all over the all over Twitch the day this game is released. That's for
sure everywhere Friday, all these streamers are going to be playing it. But if you want,
you can watch the official Nintendo stream because there is going to be an official
Nintendo treehouse live showcase just before release. And you know,
Nintendo will be shutting down all of those streams that dare to play this game before
release. Although I don't know how they're going to do that with Europe, because actually Japan
will have at first. So technically streamers in Europe and Japan aren't going to be breaking the
law if they play. I hope they don't do that. That happened with some other game is that they shut
down all these European streamers saying the game's not out yet, but it's like, no, it was
out in Europe. It just wasn't out in the U S yet. So they better be careful. All right. Anyway,
there's going to be an official treehouse stream on May 11th, the day before the game launches.
There will be a Nintendo treehouse live. That's going to be the game counting down to its release
up to the midnight launch of Legend of Zelda, but I'm assuming that's midnight East coast time.
The stream starts at 9 45 Eastern time. And that's, yeah, gonna, gonna be something you
can watch while you tick down to the game, actually being available and unlocked on your
system. Fun. All right. But look out for spoilers. I would suggest if you do go to
watch that stream, hide the chat, because if I were a troll, I'm not, but if I were,
that would be the number one place I'd go to, to start screaming out spoilers. So hide the
chat if you do go to watch that stream. All right. With that, let's get to the listener round table.
We'd love to hear your comments and feedback. We're going to open up our discord over at
vognetwork.com slash discord. But first I think we actually have a couple of emails
that came in tonight over at participate at orange lounge, radio.com. There's okay.
Yeah, we got some. So going to the first one, if it will open, come on. Thank you. Oh my God.
Okay. Oh, big font. Okay. Hi. It's I can't see from Twitch and discord. The eighties and nineties
TV and mall talk takes me back. As far as the eighties, nineties TV, there should be a database
or guide that lists where these iconic shows are available. Have you seen the night court reboot?
Please spell out your words. People don't like the writing, but it has that eighties, early nineties
sitcom vibe that may either be the laugh tracks or, or, or how they record it. As far as malls,
my area still has a smaller mall, which is always packed as far as the accessibility modes and
sliders. I agree about slugs and snails. Sorry. I just vomited in my mouth a little bit.
Just the, the mention of them just as, as, as horizon, the whole flip-flop of the review bomb
crowd confuses me to no end. What PS I'm, Oh, I'm a straight white man and I don't like where
the U S is headed. Sorry to get political. As far as cloud gaming, people comparing Stadia
to streaming services and subscriptions, it was more like a storefront steam, et cetera,
in the cloud description, akin to O GPS plus games with gold or even humble bum, dual subscription.
I beg to differ. It was both. You could buy your games. You also had access to free games that
came with your subscription. So it was both. Side note, Luna is a subscription. There have
been people who want the ability to buy games there. My brain, I have to make myself remember
that PPL is people. Also people complain about the series. So why don't they allow Game Pass
subscribers to play purchased games on X cloud? People also complain about large file sizes,
but we cloud gamers were ahead of the curve. Also Nintendo uses EBITDAS. As far as the classic game
or non-game of the week, I am, am I the only one who thinks that some of these board games
that have been featured mentioned or would make great multiplayer video games,
mainly the ones that have electronic components, moving parts, examples, the Omega virus,
Forbidden Bridge and Crossfire. Anyway, I thought I'd give some general thoughts in the last episode
as well as others that have been rattling around in my head. Cool. Thank you. You covered a lot of
ground in that email. I'm worried I'm going to miss some points, but I think I caught the new
Night Court reboot, which sadly, no, I haven't watched it, but I've heard as far as like these
reboots of old shows go, I've heard it's one of the better ones. So it's one of those, I'll have
to binge it at some point and catch up on it. What was the other thing I wanted to mention?
Oh, the Xbox part, because that kind of caught me off guard. He, he said you can't play your
purchased games on xCloud. I thought you could if it was digital, but maybe I am mixing that
up with Game Pass because I do happen to have Game Pass, but you have to have, you know what,
you have to have the rights for cloud streaming. You know what it is? There isn't anything they
don't have the rights for cloud streaming on that isn't on Game Pass because that's how Microsoft's
been doing it. So I think I see the point being made. That's, I never stopped to think about that
though. That is interesting. I, I feel like though, as more and more devices get more cloud
gaming. And again, I think we are just 5g over the air accessibility, more of that. I think in
about five years, we're going to really see much more cloud gaming through 5g over air, um, to
revisiting some of those conversations. So anyway, um, I think I hit on all the key points I wanted
to respond to. Oh, I, there was also, I'm sorry, there was one passage in there. He said something
like, uh, he had a political opinion, but I'm, I'm a straight white man and I don't agree with
where this country is headed sometimes. Look, I, I'm not straight and I don't always agree with
everything either. Like this, this country is without getting too political, but it's going
to happen sometimes. There's just so much inaction that's happening as you see people
really rooting themselves in polar opposites. There are certain straight white men who need
to be removed. Certain ones, yes, but certain ones are fine. Loki's good. Loki can stay.
And I can't see has conducted himself with a wonderful grace and so forth. I don't see how
he's a problem. Um, anyway. And, and I do need to explain. Um, I, I, I had no problem with
abbreviations in the email, really. It's just my brain, the way I process information. Um,
I read by the shape of a word, which is how a lot of people read. But for me, if the shape is
not in a logical pattern, it's an autism thing with me. Like I actually literally stop and my
brain has to reset where I am until I get used to it. So this one is to say that's honestly,
that's where 90% of my grammatical problems come from is just that general, the way it looks,
not necessarily the way it is. Does that make sense?
Yeah. I think of those tests I've seen where it's like the letters are reversed,
but the words the same length and you should still be able to read this. Like I've seen little
things like that. So I understand when you say I look for a word to be a certain length. Like I,
I've seen weird memes that kind of flex that trait. Yeah.
And that's typically, um, we actually went through this in history of typography
is that the standard reader, this is why it's not a good idea to have all of your stuff in all,
uh, capital text because of a good reader will read the shape of a word.
Um, whereas a poor reader is going to stop and try to spell out each letter in the word. They're
not going to see the picture of it. Um, but at the same time, you know, when people have different,
you know, neurological issues, sometimes that doesn't work out in one's favor.
Interesting though, reading something by the shape of the word, I can actually see that
institute. Yeah, I get that. There's actually a test you can perform that if you take two,
uh, two same phrases, one in capitals, one in lowercase, and then you cut off the midpoint
on every word and then show it from the bottom up or from the halfway point up,
you can still read the words in lowercase. Not so easy in every case.
Interesting. All right. Anyway, there's some, there's a psychology of typography.
Let's see. We've had a typography tangents, uh, Ironman Stewart on Twitter. Uh, what else
this week's episode of OLR going to bring tangent wise. All right.
Dan got me pizza and it was delicious. Yeah. And I can't see, I understand that, um,
that you're legally blind and that's why, you know, it was perfectly okay.
It's just the way my brain operates and I had to stop and go, what? Okay. But yeah.
I feel like that might be your way of saying, don't take it personally. If I'm like,
why is this word shortened or what have you like, you just need a minute.
I think that to everyone I have to reset. Um, anyway, last email. Um, hi guys, Misha here.
I wanted to do a last minute game of the week for you guys. This week's games include included
on Xbox. I played red fall. Um, now I know many people hate the game, but I can see why,
but I'm having a lot of fun with it. It's your typical, uh, looter shooter type game to me.
It's like back for blood, but with vamps, it may or may not be better with co-op,
but here's the thing I don't like. There is no couch co-op. Like I thought would be like,
I thought it would be, and that's what I was expecting and didn't get. Other than,
other than that, it is a good game for what it is. That's pretty much been my game this
week outside of Nino Cooney on switch. Sincerely, Misha.
Well, thanks Misha. I know you're one of the people that were like red falls,
not as bad as everyone's saying it is, but that's it. I had no idea about the, uh,
lack of couch co-op. That's really important to a lot of people.
I also really appreciate how I can't see use the very, very big fun. It made it so
much easier to read. Cause all the other emails are like, I need a microscope.
Well, I think that's just default is I wonder if that can be changed in the reader,
but I don't know. I don't know to be honest. It can, but it was just like, Oh, font.
Nice. Yeah. Um, no, I mean, I can read down to a four point font, so
Oh, I just need to take off my glasses and get the monocle, but no seriously. Cause, um,
I'm supposed to actually have progressives, but the thing is it because I'm super nearsighted.
When I take off my glasses, I get super close vision, like microscopic vision. It's so,
but, but without my glasses, I can't see shit. I see blurs and not the band.
Um, Misha and chat says that reminds me, LOL. Is there a way to make the font bigger? Cause I even
have a hard time reading this. The, the quick and dirty way to try is, and it depends on your
browser, but hold the control key and use your scroll wheel to go up and down. Cause that'll
change the font, but that you can have mixed results with that. So do it slowly so you can
revert it back. If you don't like it. I believe it's very similar on a PC to how it is on a Mac
or on a Mac it's command plus to zoom. I think you can control plus to zoom on a PC. That is
what Jason's actually confirming control equals, which is the same key. I think. Yeah. So yeah,
something to play with. All right. Um, anyhow, that was it for emails, right?
Um, yeah, that's it. All right. Uh, I was surprised that there was more than one.
Yeah. Yeah. I guess me threatening to pull the plug on emails got people to say, Oh,
nevermind also. So I, I feel bad. I guilted people into it, but at the same time,
it's been lovely to hear from people in the mailbag. So maybe I don't feel bad. All right.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com. If you would like to say hello, uh, uh, this next week,
uh, we'd love that. I don't see any calls waiting in the green room, which is fine. Cause we're
coming up on about two and a half hours. So I do want to check in though, to see if there are any,
uh, last minute stories from Loki or dark Sakura. There are not. Yeah. I feel like we,
we hit them all this week. There wasn't as many this week as there usually are probably because of
Japan's golden week. But, um, I'm sure we'll see some more next week. And especially when we start
to get into early June, it's going to ramp up. Then again, I also expect the gaming industry
to be very quiet on Friday. Cause most people. Golden state pinball festival.
I want to check that out. It'd be fun. Is it running on Friday? Cause I can go on Friday.
Friday's Saturday and Sunday. Maybe I'll go on Friday.
I I'm still got work, so I don't know what's going to happen.
Okay. We'll compare notes. All right. I might have, I might have to blow some time.
I also want to go to, um, California extreme if that's happening again,
but watch this happening. I think it's probably going to be the same weekend that I'm
planning on going somewhere else, which I'm hoping I can finally talk about next week.
So, and, um, well, and then there's Twitch con coming up.
Yes. Yeah.
Which I, I finally have made enough money from Twitch to pay for my damn ticket.
Oh, that's great. Wait, are Twitch con tickets available?
Uh, I think so. I saw something about them posting them and then they weren't on the site.
So maybe soon.
Oh, Ooh. I can't see reminds me that this coming weekend is the next Diablo open beta.
That's right. Diablo 4 has another open beta this weekend.
I have plans Saturday though. So I don't know how much I'll really get to dive into that.
We'll see. Change your plans then.
I know change my plans for a video game. I mean, I've done it before. All right.
I've been sitting here going, do I take Friday before my birthday off and say it's because of
my birthday, but in my heart, I know it's to play a certain FF16, but we'll see. All right.
What did I do for my birthday?
You did a subathon.
I took the whole fucking week off.
I can't, I can't take that much time off. I mean, I can, but I just know like I have
these other things I'm doing that yeah, I'd rather have the time for.
Yeah. For, for me, things worked out and my work gives us a three days for the Thanksgiving holiday,
except in my group, we get to take them whenever we want through a certain period of time.
So I took them off for my birthday and then took a bonus day off. Cause I work a four 10.
That's the show and I'm at is our Google champion tonight saying California extreme is August 19th
through 20th. Excellent. That is a free weekend for me right now. I kind of, I kind of really
want to do it this year. I have, I haven't done it for like fucking 10 years.
I talked to Melody about it. Melody has a room.
Oh yeah.
And I basically were like, you know, I'm going to crash out at some point in your room during
the middle of the day. So yeah. We're going.
Okay. Good times.
At least a day.
I don't blame you. All right. Final thoughts time. Before I turn it around for final thoughts,
I want to say thank you as always for listening to Orange Lawns Radio, whether it was your first
episode or your 959th episode, we appreciate you being here. Thank you so much for being in our
chat or just listening along with the show on our podcast feed. We appreciate you being here.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio, tell a friend or two,
help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need more voices to put out here on air. Definitely need that.
Tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word. A nice five-star review on a
site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you found this show, that all goes an awful long way
as well. We super appreciate all of that. Okay. With that, let's get final thoughts.
DarkSagra. I almost said Loki, but DarkSagra, you're going to go do your stream. So your
final thought.
I am. I don't know if I'm going to do killer, but if enough people pop in and folks want to play
with me, I'd love to open up the lobby and just run a muck in the fog.
A muck, a muck, a muck.
Yep. A muck.
All right. Have fun with a muck.
See y'all later, taters.
See ya. All right. Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I'm going to be busy. Hopefully you'll see a new episode for me
later this week.
Awesome. My final thought, two parts. Number one part, I'll be streaming more Stranger
of Paradise this week, at least probably until I beat it. I might as well see the game through
to completion and I am playing on Bobby. No, I'm not playing on Bobby Black Wolf mode
completely because the game can get even easier than where I'm playing it now, but I'm on
pretty easy mode to be honest. I'm playing in story mode, but it's good. So I'm hoping
to get through that game this week and then probably I'll go back to the Pixel remasters
if nothing else. But also I just want to make sure I plug Dragon Con. I know I talk about
it a lot. Bobby talks about it a lot, but it is coming up this Labor Day weekend. Alan
is going for the first time. He's not going as a guest, sadly, and I think he's a little
shy about doing panels that Akani doesn't know very well, but he'll be there. I'll be
there and I will certainly be doing panels, whatever they'll give me, as will Bobby.
I've heard some early, I can't say anything. Maybe I'm already saying too much. I've
heard some early things on what type of panels there might be this year and I'm really
excited. That's all I can say. Of course I'm going to say that though, right? But I
mean it. I really do. All right. Let's see. I think that's it. It's time to wrap up
and get on out of here for the night. Thank you for being here. We'll be back next week,
May 14th, with the latest and greatest. I'm sure plenty of your impressions on
Zelda Tears of the Kingdom. We're ready to hear them. So enjoy. Happy Zelda Day to those
that celebrate. Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next week. Bye.
It's a production of OLR Studios. To join us for our live show,
tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge
Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true. See you next week.
