No single gaming news outlet took down the behemoth that was E3, but it was the era of streaming that enabled publishers to cut out the middleman. Just like the internet revolutionized direct sales, right? Now we call online shopping, Amazon. Who will be the replacement for E3? PAX already was, because E3 was never for the people. Any takers on bets for PAX Southwest? This is the Kick'em While They're Down update, now it's time to go.
It's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you this week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining us tonight as she is every week, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers. Hello. Hello. How are you? I have a little bit of a headache, but I'm okay. Okay. Is that why you're not on cam? Because I wasn't sure. Oh, shit. Hold on. Yeah, no worries. You're good. Well, let me also quickly say hello. We got it. Let me also quickly say hello to Techmaster Loki. Hi. Hello. Hi, Loki. How are you? I'm fine. What is
the game playing behind you tonight? Dude, was it Dodonpachi? Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. I'm almost positive. I'm almost positive DarkSakura has done that as a classic game of the week at some point in the history of this program, which is tonight- I think I've done Dodonpachi. I don't know that I've done Dodonpachi. Gotta check the wiki. Did you know this show has its own wiki? And I I've rarely touched it. I maybe edited one thing that had to do with like an episode numbering or
something. But yeah, it's pretty awesome. I actually always forget the URL now. Because to me, it's orangelonsradio.wiki.com. But at some point fandom.wiki. So maybe it's .fandom.com or something. But it's there. And thanks to those that do that. I also am calling out Loki's video because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network. That's VOG network. Nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So there, that's that's everything. Here we are tonight with episode number 960 of our show. Not going to be here next week. Sorry, I know it's a very random week, but my day job is getting in the way. So you know, it's- I know, but you know, the the show that, you know, pays the bill so I can- or excuse me, the job that pays the bill so I can do this show. A little more important with that. So we will be back in two weeks, but we're gonna make it an extra good show tonight, even though I feel like there's far
less news this week because I think everybody's been busy playing Zelda. I don't know if y'all are aware, but a little game came out on Friday called Zelda Tears of the Kingdom. It is the sequel to Zelda Breath of the Wild, which of course was a launch title on the Nintendo Switch as it came out in tandem with the Wii U, where the game originally started development for and years ago, Nintendo teased this sequel that finally was released to the masses.
This last Friday, not that plot details in the game wasn't leaked before that. But we don't talk about that under fear of being slapped in the face by Nintendo and their lawyers. That all being said, I have a feeling here on the panel, we haven't touched a lot of Zelda, but I'm going to get into that in a minute. So Dark Sakura, Zelda Tears of the Kingdom launched. Have you had a chance to check it out? Or what's your what's your hype level for it? Tell us about where your head's at with Zelda Tears of the Kingdom.
We have it and I immediately went to go spoil things for myself because that's what I do.
Hey, if you do it, no one else can do it for you. It's taken the power away.
The reason why I like doing it myself is because there's certain aspects of things that I would be
interested in. And seeing it happen in real time doesn't really take away any of the excitement for
me. It's a little bit different, you know, if I was just going to watch a complete and total playthrough
of the whole thing. But I've been going and looking for like specific things, you know. And so
those specifics are like the little things that I kind of use as like a mental checkpoint for
what I want to get to in a game. And it motivates me to keep from getting the really quick game
burnout that I tend to get. Gotcha. Which is why I'm still playing Dead by Daylight because I'm
trying to do achievements and stuff. Oh, I'm playing with my friends. I love my friends.
Or as Shay says, I love you. But yeah, I'm happy with some story aspects to it and the attention
given to certain people. In chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, Tiger Claw asks,
with a title like that, were people in tears playing it? Fess up chat. Who in chat has cried
playing Tears of the Kid? I've cried playing a video game. Of course I have. You know,
there's video games that are very emotional. Oh, the end of the first disc of Lost Odyssey.
I thought I was going to barf. The ending of Mass Effect 3, especially the extended cut DLC.
I thought I was going to throw up from crying.
Hey, there's a reason that I always do the destroy ending.
Misha in chat is the first to fess up saying me. And for totes different reasons, which I can't
say because spoilerinos. So I respect that. Loki, what about you? I think we were talking a little
bit before the show. Your kids are old enough now where they kind of get into Zelda games.
So your kids will play Tears of the Kid. My youngest, he's into Zelda. He's been
playing a ton, so he is looking forward to it. And he's been playing it constantly since Friday
when he got home from school. So he likes it. Yeah. There were people that took off work on
Friday legit to play the game. Of course. I mean, I've done it. In fact, I'm actually on the fence.
I might try to take a day for Final Fantasy 16 because it is right around my birthday,
so I can take like a birthday day off, but we'll see. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah. I have not
played it yet. I got to be honest. I'm having a little difficulty swallowing the $70 price tag.
Although I saw a great life hack online, which is if you buy $100 of eShop credit at Costco,
it actually only costs $90. And it's the same thing with PlayStation. Because I did that to
renew my sub, and I think I've used the rest of the money to put towards theater them.
So you can do that. And then you use the $100 credit that you only pay $90 for to then get
the two-in-one game deal that they have for Nintendo Switch Online members. So you're
getting two games for $90. So that makes the... Yeah, you can be ordered on Amazon and get their
pre-order bonus. What were they offering for pre-order bonus? They have some deal where you'd
get a certain amount percentage off for doing your orders on their site.
Okay. Alan Alchemy, my husband's in chat. Hello. Saying some Costcos also just have the digital
code for it for $59. So that's... Because usually when you think Costco, you don't think sales on
one item. You think like, oh, I've got to buy Zelda and Mario and Kirby and take it both discount.
The package that Zelda comes in though is like the size of one of those large toilet paper
packages. So there's that. I guess.
But aside from that, it's basically the same. Interesting. All right. So I have not gotten
a chance to get around and play the game. Obviously, the $70 price tag. I know the game
is probably worth it, but I'm going to be honest. There's a lot of other games coming out the next
couple of months that I know I'm going to be super into. And I just didn't get into
Breath of the Wild as much. And that's not to say... And I want to go on record here.
I'm not a hater. I understand why people love these games. I understand why this is the game
of the year for people. Me, I am so bleep and frustrated at the weapon degradation system in
these games that it kind of takes me out of the experience a little bit. Like, I...
Yeah, I'm just... So I'll get it at some point.
You know, it's basically the combat, the weapon degradation, except it's more...
There are more steps and it doesn't really combat weapon degradation.
You know, for me, it's just like, I don't... I'm sorry. A $70 game doesn't run at 20 FPS sometimes.
Oh, is that what we're talking about is performance issues with the game?
Of course, it's on the Switch. I mean, yeah, there's going to be performance problems,
but we're going to give it a pass because it's Zelda. But like,
the hardware is not meant to run this. And that's fine because I guarantee that this is another Wii U
Switch type of scenario where it's like, oh, yeah, we're releasing it now and it runs okay.
But then the Switch 2, when it comes out next year, oh, it's going to run really good on that.
Like, they're going to sell it to you again for another $70. Oh, well, maybe $60 if you bought
the Switch version, assuming that, you know, the digital storefronts talk to each other because,
you know, internet's so complicated nowadays.
Honestly, I think, Loki, you bring up a point that does kind of frustrate me with Nintendo
in general. Like, I'm going to be honest, like, although I understand a good game does not have
to be 4K, 60 frames a second. And so again, I don't shit on Zelda for these reasons. But there
is a part of me that's a little bit like, like, sometimes I understand the people that are like,
I wish Sony would buy Nintendo and put Zelda on the PS5. Like, honestly, sometimes they have a
point. Like, the emulators run it better. Just saying that's that's a weird scenario that game
first thought that your current console is being emulated already, and that it's being emulated
better than the actual console while the console is out. That's like, that tells you how underpowered
the Switch is. I would really I would be let me put it this way, I would be more excited about
Zelda. Here's what will get me to buy the new Zelda right away. If they put out an
higher power switch next year, as a lot of the rumors are swirling around if there's going to
be a higher power switch because it's so obvious. These last gen Switch games are like low end PC
specs. You know, like we're playing these games to the minimum qualifications. It's weird.
There was there was comments from some screen manufacturer that's making screens for it already.
So like that there's something coming.
That's that is going to get me to get Zelda honestly. That that's going to do it. I you know,
and maybe it's because this is important too. And I know this separates me from a lot of people out
there. A lot of people love the Switch because they can take the games portable and play in
handheld. And I've always said on this show, I rarely do the handheld gaming thing rarely when
it comes to consoles, because I'm always playing the phone game AR stuff. That's no problem for me.
But I don't play a lot of portable games. I play my Switch docked like 95% of the time. And I think
that's very important if you're trying to put yourself in my shoes about why didn't Rob get
Zelda the first day that it all kind of comes into that I think a little bit.
Anyway, knowing that we here did not spend our entire weekend playing Zelda like many of you out
there. This is the show where every gamer has a voice. So earlier today, I went to ye old social
media and our Twitter account over at twitter.com slash O L R. And I actually asked I said, Hey,
listen, those of you that have been playing Tears of the Kingdom this weekend, what are your
thoughts so far? So let's hear from some of our listeners over on Twitter. Michigan said, to be
H I honestly love this one over Breath of the Wild because there's so many new things in it that
weren't in Breath of the Wild. It's a bit harder for me than Breath of the Wild, but I'm still
having fun. And the environments are so cool and the things you can do as well. Dr. Tzuyu said so
far it feels like a great expansion to everything they built in Breath of the Wild. The Mrs. and I
have barely scratched the surface, but playing around with the new abilities has been fun.
Definitely raised the difficulty in a second quest kind of way though, at least it feels like
it. Oh, that's interesting. I didn't realize it was supposed to be a harder game. Mike Deft tweeted
us saying I've been playing it on and off and having to relearn how everything works and
exploring a new but familiar world has been like experiencing Breath of the Wild all over again
for the first time. And I'm loving it. The hype is real and it's here. Flaco Jones, haven't heard
from Flaco in a while, hope you're doing well, tweeted us and said I've just scratched the
surface, but it's great so far. The story really takes off in the opening minutes and I can't wait
to learn more. I have heard the opening to the game is really good for what it's worth. It looks
like it goes deep into Hyrule lore and I am here for that. I'm hearing similar sentiments quite a
bit. Dungeon Buster tweeted us saying enjoying it so far, the build system is sometimes like
and attached a gif from Kamen Rider of a girl with a bazooka firing at what appears to be a group of
mobsters. So there you go. That's the best way. That's my best translation of that gift to radio,
but those of you on Twitch can see it. Okay. Here's an interesting comment from our pal,
Shane, who says I am bored. I'm not terribly far just outside the intro area and it just feels like
more Breath of the Wild. Good for people who love Breath of the Wild, but I don't feel the same
excitement each time I've started it up that I felt was Zelda games pre-Breath of the Wild.
I don't feel the rush to see it's to its end. So that's the first comment of a maybe not glowingly
positive that we've heard here on the show. This is also interesting. I'm going to come back to
something that's set in here later, actually. And we also have a name I haven't heard before,
so thanks so much for tweeting us. Cashew LeCate says absolutely incredible, filled with surprises
and nostalgic callbacks. Story feels even more engaging than Breath of the Wild. Abilities,
though I was skeptical of some at first, are all amazing so far. I was hoping the user icon
was actually the picture of a cat named Cashew, but it appears to be some other type of art.
We also had one more tweet here from Straying Will. I don't think I've seen this name either,
so hello, hello. Says I had never cursed as many times at a single shrine in my entire life. So
yeah, it's been good. So for the people who love to bang their head against the wall of difficulty
on some of those, people are enjoying it. So again, it sounds like most of what we're
hearing there is pretty positive, but there's that one outlier, right? So this is interesting
because go to some of the reviews for this game. Now look, I don't always love to put stock in
Metacritic, but I have to use it here to make an example of something here. So let's go back to
looking at this game on Metacritic. Let's be real, this is an amazing Metacritic score. No
matter how you feel about these type of websites, to see a game score this high with 87 positive
reviews and one mixed review and zero negative reviews is pretty astounding. User reviews don't
matter. We're not paying attention to user reviews because they're always terrible on these sites,
even though they are for the most part, for what it's worth, leaning overwhelmingly positive as
well with some outliers in the negative. But I want to focus on this for a minute,
because this one outlet that dared to do a six out of 10 review on the game, or this might actually
be a three star review, I'd have to take a look, was getting a lot of flack on social media this
week for daring to give it a score that's not 10 out of 10. I hear the sigh, Loki. What's on your
mind with this? It's just, it's just stupid. And I saw, yeah, I saw the Kotaku article calling them
out later. Oh, look, they didn't raise the point. There was a call out article. I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. There's a call out article. It says, Oh God, I'm trying to find it now.
But yeah, I was just surprised. Like, I'm like, really? Like, really, you're calling out another,
another outlet because they didn't rate it a perfect score. I'm sorry, people have opinions
about games, there may not rate it a perfect score. And the same thing happened last time. I
remember it was that James Stephanie Sterling was having issues because they gave it a seven out of
10. And everyone's like, how dare you not give it a 10 out of 10. Like, he's like, they were just
like, I like the game, but I just didn't think it was a 10 out of 10. Like, I don't know, like,
what's wrong with people? And they will like attack these people? Because how dare you not
like the game as much as I like the game? Right? Right. I don't know.
How dare you not validate my opinions, even though I have no value in my own opinions?
It's ridiculous. And to be honest, like, I think the coverage on Kotaku is more of like,
it was a slow news week. I mean, how many Breath of the Wild stories were there? Yeah.
And we we also know that particular website has a little bit of a beef with Nintendo that,
you know, and some of it really shows in some of what they're, you know, and I think I don't know
what they're getting clicks out of it. They're trying to get clicks out of it. But we all know
that that website has some history with Nintendo that some would question the professionalism of
how they're dealing with it. But I'm sure from their perspective, they are just saying,
if Nintendo wants us to shut up, they'll make an agreement with us again. They'll get us to sign
an NDA again by giving us what we used to have. That's that's what they're doing from their
perspective. But anyway, I digress a little bit. I want to go back to this website because it was
interesting because I saw a comment on social media about this website. The website's name is
Gfinity. And I saw an interesting comment that said some no name website gave this a six out of
ten to just for the clickbait. And I actually. I kind of that struck a nerve with me, actually,
and maybe it's because I've heard this podcast referred to before as a no name podcast.
But again, what makes this individual's review any different from your review?
Why does this individual in this website's review? Why is this any better or worse from what other
websites that do get lots of clicks such as the ones we were just talking about do? And I want to
I'm also curious, too, because I actually read the review and there was a part of me that was like,
I'm going to be honest, I was like, I don't know if this sounds like a six out of ten.
It sounds like a seven out of ten, though, because for the most part, it did point out a lot of like
the things about it. But there was a section of this I thought was very interesting towards the
end, especially in light of some things we were just talking about. I'm going to quote from this
review. Again, the website is Gfinityesports.com. I'm sad to say that The Legend of Zelda Tears of
the Kingdom just isn't worth the wait for me personally. It takes too much from the one title
in the series, it took me years to finish, and does too little to reinvigorate the classic Zelda
magic back into its reused world. So this sounds a little bit like somebody who misses some of the
older Zelda games. I can identify with that. I love Zelda games that are more in line with,
Super Nintendo and Nintendo and the things we saw in that era. So I could understand maybe
that frustration there. It builds upon the divisive foundations of Breath of the Wild
to a point where those who love the open world adventure will genuinely find a lot to like.
But it really is just more of the same to the point where I suspect even the loyalists
will be a little downtrodden as they slowly tread the same path around Hyrule. If the original open
world adventure left you feeling a little deflated, Tears of the Kingdom is unlikely
to convince you that it's the best way forward for the franchise. Now if you weren't aware,
a lot of these comments are coming from the fact that apparently they did reuse the Breath of the
Wild map for Tears of the Kingdom. However, there's a lot, I mean it makes it sound like
they copy pasted it, no no no, far from that. There's a whole underground area, there's
obviously these new things such as the classic dungeons that didn't exist before. So it would
not be fair to say it's the same world, but it is definitely a familiar world, I think is a fair
way to put it. And by the way, this comment, did you notice, very similar to our outlier comment.
It just feels like more Breath of the Wild. Good for people who love Breath of the Wild,
but I don't feel the same excitement. I've started it up that I felt with Zelda games pre-Breath of
the Wild, our pal Shane pretty much said the exact same thing the 6 out of 10 review does.
Does this make Shane's opinion any less relevant?
Food for thought. Look, and at the end of the day, and again I know I'm spending a lot of time
highlighting one borderline like 6, 7 out of 10 review here, it doesn't impact the fact that this
game has one of the highest Metacritic scores I have ever seen, and it certainly doesn't impact
the fact that those of you out there who love the game are still gonna love this game. And you're
probably sitting there kicking like, there's much more than Breath of the Wild and there's all these
different things and the durability system is better with a few, that's fine. That's great.
Because I realize there's a lot of games I play, say Final Fantasy XIV, that a lot of people don't
want to get into for a variety of reasons. And that's okay. People's like or dislike of that
doesn't necessarily lessen my love of that game. To me, I kind of have the whole feeling of like,
you know, when you're like, you're eating a sandwich and it's got stuff you love
on and someone's like, I don't like that. Like, so? What does that have to do with me enjoying
my sandwich? I literally didn't need to know that. I didn't need you being negative about
something that I enjoy. And vice versa. If I didn't enjoy something and someone around me
is like, oh, I loved this thing, unless that thing is gonna like hurt them, then I'll be like, cool,
glad you like it. What did you like about it? But in reading this review, I didn't get that
like, that's the tone coming out of it. Like, I felt they raised their case as to why the game
wasn't for them. And that, you know, if they are to be a gaming journalism website with review,
I mean, it's not like they've never reviewed a game before. You know, this was just one person's
opinion on it that happens to line up pretty accurately with the opinion of one of our
listeners. So there's people out there that feel this way. And that's, that's okay. But yeah, it
should, it doesn't mean, yeah, it doesn't mean you have to go around shouting on social media,
Zelda sucks. And if you play it, you suck. Like, okay, just go, go kick a rock, you know?
Anyway. Let's see. Shane is in chat or Shad Leland says, yeah, it's not like a bad game,
but I'm not, or it's not feeling like it's a game for me emphasis so far. So I wouldn't rate it
highly at all. Right. That's okay. Yeah. And it's okay to have like a discussion about it,
but certainly don't put people down for having a difference of opinion. Yeah. You know, it's using
my same analogy. You know, it's something like, Oh man, I really, I really like a carrot cake,
but I don't like it with raisins, which is true. Raisins to me are gross. And I'll, you know,
and I'm like, I like this, like, how dare you not eat it without raisins in it. Raisins are
a fundamental part of the recipe. No. Are you going to tell me, oh, I don't,
anyway, but you see my point. Yeah. Or you can tell me that a 10 out of 10 game
doesn't let you pet the dog. I'm sorry. That is not a 10 out of 10 game.
Uh, E3VL actually, when, when Jamie was making the raisin and carrot cake analogy,
E3VL said exactly where my mind went to as well. Pineapple on pizza. People make this out to be
like, it's the biggest debate of the 21st century is does pineapple belong on pizza.
And I was going on in the eighties. I've been asked this question before,
do you like pineapple on pizza? And you know, my answer to that question is
it's, it's not what I usually order, but I don't, I think Hawaiian pizza is a perfectly acceptable,
delicious pizza, but I'm not going to die on this hill. If you don't like it, don't eat it more for
me like that. And that is how I feel about pineapple on pizza. Like pineapple goes on
pizza. If you like pineapple on pizza, I usually don't like the other stuff that comes with pizzas
that have pineapple on them. Oh, they have a chain of pizza places over by us that has broccoli on
pizza. Yeah, that's actually, I've had broccoli on pizza before I had broccoli on pizza. And corn
with, Oh no, no. That's actually a Japanese thing is having corn on pizza. Yeah. I like potato on
pizza. Yeah. See, and yeah. And of course now the chat room is scrolling faster than it has all
night now that I brought up pineapple on pizza. Y'all, y'all are you, are you considering the
point I'm trying to make here? And dark soccer was trying to get to. For the record, I'm going
to say this about Chicago style pizza, just to refute SSJ 100, Matt. Okay. If pizza is a kind of
pie, then a Chicago style pizza is a type of meat pie. So technically it is considered a pie and not
a casserole because it uses a standing crust for its edges. I don't give a fuck what anyone calls
it. I'm going to eat it all because I love it. You can call it whatever you want. As long as it is
going in my mouth, the pizza. But that is just me saying that it does not count as a casserole
because it has the standing crust like a typical meat pie. The end. Anyway. I don't know. To me,
it feels like a pizza is less a pie, more of something you cut similar to a pie in slices.
I mean, that's just like almost like cutting a cake into slices. So pizza is a cake, I guess.
But like. I regret bringing up. I regret the food discussion coming up on this show again. All
right. Let me get into this other thing that I thought was very, you know, cute. That was.
New York style pizza isn't original pizza either.
Can I please get away from pizza?
There is only one original style of pizza. You have to have a margarita and that's it.
Are we done? All right. I want to talk about.
Let me mean it, Ranma.
I want to talk about some social media commentary from Xbox and PlayStation on the release of
Legend of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom, because no matter how you feel about the game,
it's a huge release. I recognize that people took the day off work for it.
There's a lot of folks really into it. And Microsoft and Sony took a minute to actually
acknowledge the release of Tears of the Kingdom, where the official Xbox Twitter account said,
Congrats, Nintendo on Tears of the Kingdom. We'd like to see the little handshake, good game
type of behavior, right? And the official PlayStation account actually tweeted,
Have fun up there Hylians with a little cloud emoji. It's not necessarily using the game's
name in full or who even made it, but we all know what they're talking about, whatever.
So it's nice to see a little bit of that. We've come a long way from the Genesis does what
Nintendon't days of the console wars of yesteryear. So if all these folks can get along,
why can't all of you when it comes to the console wars?
Xbox and PlayStation, that's fine. I'd love to hear what their opinions are,
but I'm more interested in what Wendy's had to say about it.
What did Wendy say about it? Did they make a McNugget panorama with
items from the game or something like that? I don't know.
I hope they said anything.
I'm sure Tears of the Kingdom will come up again later in the show. In fact, I know it will.
However, one thing I have to point out because I was sent this multiple times on social media
with some type of label that said, Oh, look, the time to penis in this game was less than 10
seconds. And sure enough, somebody out there made this creation using the crafting system
in Tears of the Kingdom that looked like a little person with a giant, you know what,
that was set on fire that looked like a sparkler on the 4th of July.
I don't believe it's against terms of service to use the anatomical name.
Penis. Penis, penis, penis.
I was going to say you could also, if you want to be tasteful, use phallus.
But anyway, I was sent that gift multiple times.
Yeah, they don't have it. Wendy said nothing.
Now you know what getting unsolicited dick pics is like.
The other thing I've seen is Koroks being crucified and then launched into space with
rockets. So that's a thing.
Oh, Def says I'm confusing what Wendy's does on social media with Arby's. Arby's is the one that
makes the complicated dioramas and stuff. Okay, my bad. My bad.
I love that Arby's does that.
I know it's the only good thing about Arby's because I sure as hell won't eat their food.
All right. Anyway, let's get into our gaming weeks. Since we haven't been playing Zelda,
let's talk a little bit about what we have been playing in a segment called
How Was Your Gaming Week? Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It was. I played Midnight Suns, of course, because I love that game. I'm on my second
playthrough. I'm doing a light playthrough. And then I played, of course, some Dead by Daylight
with my friends. Had a good old time. And we tamed killers. I'm very proud of Fixie for having
tamed the Myers. Well done. Anyway, and of course, we got Tears of the Kingdom.
We're going to be opening that up. Played some World Cup soccer. We let Beatles go,
it's being sold to someone else. But our Weird Al will be here before too long. Yeah.
I was gonna say you're probably sad to see the machine go, but happy to see the money
come in to spend on new machine. I also played a little bit of Parodius for Famicom, a little bit.
Yeah, just been like, throwing things in here and there. I am bringing my retro night back,
but I kind of think I'm going to do Cult of the Lamb first, just so I can start a new game and
play through the DLC and get everybody in who wants to be in. And then I may go back to Star
Ocean finally. All right. Well, we'll go over to Loki. How was your gaming week?
It was most, I think I actually know it was all Minecraft. So I'm doing a lot of Minecraft stuff.
Put out an episode on Tuesday. We had our Channel 64 stream day yesterday. So I streamed in the
morning, and then did some errands of the family and then came back and streamed again in the
afternoon for my 1k subscribers thing. So we looked at some of the older worlds that I've
been in. So congrats on that, by the way, browse around. Yeah, thank you. Browse around like
different bases and stuff that other people made and stuff that I've made kind of rush through
that quite a bit. My wife was like staring at me like, have you played enough today?
It was. So, yeah, the bridge that a little bit. I've been busy, like actually doing more
Minecraft stuff right now because I'm trying to get another episode out here pretty soon.
So, yeah, there's that. And then, oh, yeah, it's fun. Still trying to get the 4000 watch hours.
It's going backwards now because it's year to date. And so I keep watching the number go down,
which is weird, though, because like, I'm getting like, quite a bit watch hours that I've seen,
but the numbers going down. So I don't know if they're just not counting that or like,
what the case may be there. Try not to obsess and just focus on putting out the content and
you'll get there. I know you will. You're talented. Yeah, it's gonna take a while.
I'm just impatient. That's all. So yeah, so I've been just working on that stuff. I got
the road masters in game now, at least some of them. So I actually I made a Minecraft mod. So
that was fun. So I did that. And we tell us more about this. You made a Minecraft mod.
Yeah, I made a Minecraft mod. So basically, I built a mod for fabric that will bring my
the models I had commissioned into the game. So they use what's called the single gecko live,
which is a animation, like a framework, I guess that allows you to do like different
animation things that are more complicated than just the Minecraft animations, because
Minecraft animations are kind of all math based. It's basically like, at least it used to be I
think they changed that recently with 119. But it used to be like you had said, Okay, this is going
to hinge back and forth type of thing, or it will spin around. And that's really all you could do is
make stuff swing back and forth or spin around. I think maybe I'll move stuff around as well. But
like it was very like basic animations, because it was have to be all stored. Like on like the
entities and everything. So they had it very basic. So this basically allows you to do a
traditional animation where you have keyframes, and you can do really complex stuff with it. So
the guy that I commissioned to do the so I had one person commissioned the designs for, you know,
my robot masters, and I had another guy take those designs and put them into 3d models. So
we have the first three done. And so I brought those into game now. So now I have a fabric mod
that I'm allowed to basically bring those in now. And then I use another mod called taters ends to
make them walk around. And one of them axolotl woman, she actually has voice lines, I used AI
to create voice lines for just because I, you know, I didn't want to pay yet another person
for voice lines right now. That'll come later. I kind of paid for voice lines, but it gets
expensive as it is already considering that only I really see it. I was gonna say this is why we
need to get you to monetization. So you could recoup some of the money that you're spending
on all this stuff. It's Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. Is it labor? I only noticed it. So there's
that. And then, oh, yeah. So yeah, this last episode, I built Moby from I think maybe a two,
three, I can't remember which being a man, Moby was a giant whale giant with the propeller fires
the torpedoes are not only torpedoes, but it's like missiles out of its back. So I built that,
which was huge. And then these giant cooling towers. And I have more cooling towers to build.
And then I moved guardians, which are these kind of fish things that have spikes on them and that
shoot lasers up their eyes. And so I moved those over to guardian man's area during the live stream
and actually named them after the people that were in chat during the like the whole live stream day.
So there's a bunch of those in there now, which is fun. And yeah, so it's been busy. So yeah,
right before we came on the show now I was moving an elder guardian, which is a real pain to move.
So that'll be that'll be the next episode briefly. Then I got to get into the brand new robot master,
which is golem man who's going to be a it's all like a stone quarry type of thing that building
so much smaller area hopefully get not that knocked out because we don't have a lot of time
left in the season for us. You know, no one to like give it away. But like, we're only estimating
like a few more few more months worth of time that we want to stay to like, finish up everything.
And so I'm trying to like rush to get everything done. And so I have to keep this like breakneck
pace right now to get everything because stupid me over scoped again. Oh, no, I do this all the time.
You think I'd learn by now. But it's fun. It looks cool. Everyone's always impressed when they come
to my base. Nice. So yep. All right. Cool. Let's see going to my gaming week. So some of the same
stuff I've been playing in the last couple weeks. Did one night of streaming stranger paradise
final fantasy origin this week. So continuing on that. And I played a little bit off stream
doing some side quests. So I'm ready to continue in the main quest. I don't think I have a ton more
to go in that game, maybe like three more streams, maybe, maybe more, maybe less. But I think we'll
get through that game pretty soon. So I've been playing more of that theater them as well. And
in fact, I think the next time I play theater them because I've been playing enough off stream
and knocking out the songs, I think next time I stream it, which ought to be Wednesday, because
I believe we get, if I remember the calendar right, I think we get our first Chrono Trigger
songs this Wednesday, I believe is slated as the DLC. Oh, I'm sorry. It may be Chrono Cross. It's
Chrono Pack. So it might be the Chrono Cross. Somebody is going to have to help me clarify in
chat what's coming this week, but I know some Chrono music is coming this week on Wednesday,
but I will also finally get the trophy for having played every song once. That is literally hundreds
of songs. So I'll finally get that on stream on Wednesday, probably. And then, you know,
I'll probably continue with trying to get some quests done and leveling. I finally got my first
character a star level. So you know, been, been doing stuff in that game still, which I've been
enjoying. Let's talk about some other stuff I've been playing. While you all have been playing
Zelda Tears of the Kingdom, I actually took a trip back and played a prior game of the year
recipient at a game that swept a bunch of awards two years ago. I finally sat down and spent some
serious time with a game called It Takes Two, which swept a lot of game award type of things
about two years ago. And if you're unfamiliar with the game, it is a meant to be a couch co-op
game, although you can certainly play it on the internet. But I think this game is a lot of fun
in couch co-op and that's how I played it. And I wasn't really sure what to expect. I just kind of
figured, oh, it's a platformer that is, you know, couch co-op. Is it really, you know, is it really
going to be all that? I mean, what all these awards? It must be pretty good. And yeah, I got
to say it's pretty darn good. And I think one thing I really enjoy about the game is that it
tells you just enough to get through puzzles. You know, it really walks that line well of
how do we make this challenging without giving it away? And if you're struggling, the characters
will talk to each other. And it's an interesting setup because basically if you're unfamiliar with
the plot, and I'm just telling you what you learned in the opening cinematic of the game,
basically it's about a couple that is divorcing and the child is upset that they're divorcing. So
she basically casts a spell of some sort to get them to play nice. Oh, you've played this?
Um, I haven't, but I've seen people play it. And it's adorable. And the dialogue is brilliant.
Yeah. And that's, that's the other thing is that the dialogue is smart enough.
If you're struggling on a puzzle or a boss, they start talking to each other. And if you listen to
what they're saying, it's a big hint about what to do, basically. So it walks that line really
well. But like we were doing some boss fights. So I played for like four hours with a friend of mine
and we got to like the, for those that have played the game, we got to the wasp queen for those that
know that. And that was, you know, kind of a weird fight to figure out at first, you basically have
to ride a rail around the queen's back and shoot. So one, and this is the other interesting thing,
as you progress throughout the game, your tools change out. And one of you gets what,
like in one setup, one of you has a hammer and the other has a nail gun, and you have to work
together to figure out how do you use these items together to get to where we need to go.
And then in this one particular stage, one of you gets a sap gun, which can also make weight. And
then one of you gets a flame launch, matchstick launcher that creates fire so you can blow up sap.
So in this boss, you have to like skate around to the back of the boss, sap it up, and then the
other person has to skate around the back and light it on fire. And that's how you damage it.
All the meantime, you can't both be on the rail, because if you are, then the wasps
get in the way. Somebody has to be down on the floor to basically attract the wasp attention.
So it's pretty darn intricate, actually. But when you figure it out, it makes it really rewarding.
And I think the varied system that come up in the game is why this game was so well received
and did so well a lot of the game awards. So anyway, I know I'm talking about a two-year-old
game, but I finally had, you know, I don't play couch co-op a lot. I'm a lot of times playing by
myself on the PC or maybe over the internet, something like Dead by Daylight, Final Fantasy,
whatever. It's very rare that I do like a couch co-op. So that was just a neat experience. And
I'm finally glad I did get around to that game. And we already agreed next time we're able to
hang out. This friend of mine lives in the Bay Area, so we can't see each other all the time.
But next time we hang out, we're going to try to finish the game. So that is something that's on
my radar. Let's see, E3VL in chat says, Can you play single player? I do not believe you can.
But if you want to check out another game by the same studio, Brothers, or what was the full name
of the game, Brothers, Something Journey, somebody in chat will probably yell it out. That one was
single player. I think it's like one person moves with the control, left control, one person uses
the buttons to move around. So- I think it's two analog sticks. One uses one analog stick,
the other uses the other analog sticks. Oh, I thought it was the buttons. A Tale of Two
Suns. Thank you. That was it. I knew it had a subtitle to it. Bobby Blackwell said this is the
F the Oscars guy, right? Yes, it is. And Tiger Class says they're supposed to adapt it as a
movie. I didn't get that at first. But now that I've played it and really immersed myself in the
story, I really could see this becoming a movie. Like it makes total sense now. I'm like, oh,
yeah, this could be a movie easily. And I think it could be a movie that does very well, actually.
So we'll see. We'll see. Other than that, I've been playing, of course, my phone games I usually
play. I hit level 75 in Pikmin Bloom. Haven't been playing as much Pokemon Go, though. I'm just
starting to feel the everybody else is over it. So I might be over it too kind of thing on that
game. But you know, I'm still I'm still a fan of Pikmin Bloom. And I've been walking today was
community day. So I walked my 10,000 steps and got my little badge. But I want to talk about
another Niantic game that came out this week. It's a game called Peridot. Even though you might think
in reading it, it's peridot is usually what you would think of, but they actually have said it's
called peridot because the little creatures that you raise in the game are called dots.
A lot of people who are describing this game are calling it a mix of Pokemon Go. And by the way,
if that's the sentence on your triple A gaming website that's reviewing or doing oppressions
of this game, they have clearly not played the game. It has nothing in common with Pokemon Go,
except the fact that it has the same game maker. And it uses the point of interest system but not
nearly in the same way. In fact, actually, for all the Niantic adventuring to the various points
of interest in your town, it's actually not that critical to the game at all. In fact, if you lived
in a rural area, there's very little I think you'd be lacking in this game from not having a lot of
Poke stops or whatever around you. That all being said, the game is what it is, is it's a modern day
Tamagotchi. That's exactly what it is. And it is a huge tech demo and I will say an impressive one
for AR, which is a big direction that Niantic is trying to go. Basically, you pick up the game and
you have the camera shooting your room or whatever, and you have this little creature that runs around
your room and you can feed it, you teach it tricks, and you can throw like a ball and the
ball will bounce off of things in your room. You trace little circles on the screen and the
Peridot will jump through the hole and do a thing called scavenge. And it actually detects, is this
like a wall in somebody's house? Or is this grass? Is this sand? And based on what it is you're doing
a scavenge on, you may get a different reward, which is interesting. Also, you may have things
like little mini quests in the game to have your Peridot say hello to another animal. So yes,
you point the camera at your cat, which I did, and the dot actually walks up to the cat and will kind
of like sniff at it and do those sorts of things. And then you get your little thing or other people
and it does a similar thing with that as well. So honestly, the thing with Peridot is that it's
very much like a tech demo in the way that 1-2 Switch is a tech demo game for the Nintendo
Switch. So it's a very impressive tech demo type of thing going on here. Here's the problem with
Peridot, and it's a big problem. There's no game loop. There's no game loop. Like one could argue,
oh, the game loop is you should be doing the little quests and leveling yourself.
Actually, what I thought the game loop was going to be was you want to keep breeding the Peridots.
You want to keep making other Peridots to inherit other characteristics so that you can log in your
journal. And maybe that's the part that people think is Pokemon Go, but I guarantee you people
have not explored this because here's the part that's just going to make you go, what in the
actual fuck are they thinking? A nest to breed a new Peridot costs five dollars in the in-game
shot to breed one Peridot. You get one free when you load up the game for the first time.
I'm sorry, nobody is going to fucking pay that. Nobody's going to fucking pay that. And I can't
believe Niantic thought somebody actually would. Now, my understanding is in the beta of this game,
there were nest fragments that you could find to build a nest, and that was a way to breed Peridots.
However, that is missing in the current state of the game. In fact, it sounds like there's a lot
of things that were in beta that have been removed for the game's release. Now, you can call Niantic
money hungry all you want, and in this particular case, you wouldn't be wrong. But Niantic is simply
doing themselves a disservice with this because there is no game loop. I'm sorry, paying five
dollars every time you want to breed a Peridot, that is not a game loop. I'm not going to
acknowledge that by calling that a game loop. That is off the table. So, as far as I'm concerned,
there is no game loop in this game. Therefore, a Peridot has no lasting value beyond three days.
But I'll tell you, those three days, it's a pretty- it's kind of neat. Like, you'll probably download
this game and go, that's kind of neat. And then when you go, oh, I got to pay five dollars to
breed- okay, I'll delete it. I've seen everything. Boy, did Niantic shoot this fucking game in the
foot. Why even bother developing new games if they're just not going to put effort into them?
Money, I guess? I mean-
It's because, go back to what I said, it's the AR tech demo. And that's where they're really
going is they want that AR stuff to be their bread and butter. And that's, you know, well,
but as far as I'm- they're doing themselves no favors by setting this game up to fail.
Now, could they make some small changes and repair the state of this game? Yes,
but they need to do it fast. The only reason I hold out a little bit of hope
is that Pikmin Bloom was a little bit like when it first launched too, but they've done a lot of
work on it and trying to figure out what's the right thing to charge for what. And even though,
yes, it still has some transparent, oh, they're trying to get me to buy expanded storage,
you can still earn the currency for that expanded storage by walking. You just have to do a lot of
it. Or you can recycle other Pikmin. It's just, you know, you have to learn to let things go.
And, you know, there are other ways to get in the game. So, Peridot is fixable,
but in its current state, it's nothing more than a tech demo that's going to last three days,
and then you're going to be over it. I wonder if Niantic needs to get bought by another company
that actually makes games. And I've been one of their biggest supporters and champions here
on this platform, on social media, and so forth. And even I'm starting to be like, yikes.
I don't know what else to say. Dr. T and Chat says, I'm not sure if I'm 100% on board with
AI yet. I don't know if you meant to talk about AR because that's what I was talking about.
I don't know if you've seen the beer commercial, but some of it seems odd for lack of a better
term. No, I haven't seen that. And AR still is something that's in its infancy, but I can see
how it's getting there slowly. And I saw how it was getting there slowly. I remember several
years ago when Bobby Blackwolf had a developer hololens kit that I got to try, and there was a
really cool little demo that was like a detective game that you played in AR. That was really cool.
I know the answer. Microsoft needs to buy Niantic. That is what I want to happen. I want
Microsoft to buy Niantic. If Microsoft can't buy Activision Blizzard, then I want them to buy
Niantic. I said it. Anyway, that was my gaming week in a nutshell. So, we're going to move on
to some news, and then we'll, of course, get to your calls a little later in the show as well.
Dejirama S in chat says, Rob Roberts, whatever you're smoking, please put it down. Am I wrong?
Doesn't Niantic need help in making games right now?
Because Niantic has a lot of good stuff in the AR space that lends itself very well to gaming. Oh,
isn't this what Microsoft was trying to do with the hololens? But then they had to pivot,
and now they're not using it for gaming anymore, but they're using it for business, which tends to
be Microsoft's biggest bread and butter anyway. They pivoted it to that, just like they did
Kinect. Isn't that a great marriage waiting to happen? I don't know. But Niantic is probably
a really expensive company. I mean, despite all the facts, and they're also not publicly traded,
which is also extremely obvious, by the way. Niantic is not a publicly traded company,
and when you see all the mistakes they keep making when they should be writing so high,
it is so obvious they're not a publicly traded company, because the stockholders would have
thrown a fucking fit at several of these things that have come up so far. But anyway.
SG100Matt in chat says, I don't know how I feel about the idea of Niantic being better if they
got bought. I get it. I get the reservations. I really do. And I'm not a fan, usually, of big fish
eating bigger fish. However, I feel like Niantic needs a lot of help in making games.
Do you want to talk about NBA All World? Did you all forget about NBA All World already?
The game that they licensed with the national basketball? Do y'all remember that Niantic has
an NBA game right now? Yeah. Yeah. Niantic needs help. Anyway. Let's move on. Let's get into some
other headlines and what all is going on in the gaming industry. And then we'll get to your calls
and your emails later in the show. But first, some headlines. Loki, we'll go to you. Yeah,
so Valve's updated their Steam's code of conduct. So now it's added gambling as part of the code of
content that basically it's outlawing engaging in commercial activity is the actual bullet point.
Examples of such prohibited behavior include posting advertisements, running contests,
gambling, buying or selling Steam accounts, selling content, gift cards and other items,
and begging. So this is also targeting, you know, the CSGO skins, gambling stuff that I think they
even fought in court, as well as, you know, other, you know, unauthorized selling of accounts and
whatnot. So it's finally now on, I guess, on paper. So now they can ban people if they're
caught doing this, whereas before it was just kind of frowned upon. So it makes sense. They
don't want to run afoul with, you know, the gambling laws and stuff like that in other,
you know, countries. So it makes sense that they would add that as something they would ban people
for. Yeah, it's interesting because Steam has had a lot of, you know, on the storefront they've
had a recent kind of redesign. It's almost like they're trying to position themselves for
something. I don't know, maybe I'm reading too much into it because certainly just wanting to
stay out of legal hot water is, I guess, good enough. But it does seem like there's been a lot
of activity on the Steam front lately. And maybe that's just as simple as the Steam deck seems to
be doing well, and we're probably going to get more of it. But it's just it's just interesting
timing. That's all with this. Do you think there's anything to read into that? Or it's just it's just
wanting to make sure that
Zachary Reality It's probably just to fix like some discoverability and stuff like that on the
storefront. You know, maybe making a little bit more of like a making it work better with like
the Steam deck for something like that, because they probably see the Steam deck as something
that they could sell a lot of. And so making the storefront maybe look better on the Steam
deck would be a possibility. I haven't seen a whole ton of changes. I mean, honestly, like
the storefront, it's not all that useful as far as discovering things. But I don't know.
The only thing I discover is all the adult games that they keep making it into that list.
It's like you just have to look at the names and you say, okay, well, that's interesting.
Zachary You know, it's funny. I didn't talk about it during my gaming week. But since
Steam got brought up, I saw a tweet that was talking about a game that came out on Steam,
and it's a free game. And that's honestly about all this game is worth. But it was it gave me
some tee hees. And that game is called Flappy Souls. And it's a mix of Flappy Bird meets Dark
Souls. And I played Flappy Bird already hard. I know it's like the physics in this game were
somehow even harder. And like I barely got very far at all. But I was getting souls for whatever
that's worth. So it's it was silly. But yeah, just just goes to show that like they'll put anything
on that store any these days won't they? Like here we Flappy Bird clones in 2023? Really? On my
internet? It's time to come back. So Mike Defton chat says I wonder if I'm still good at Flappy
Bird? Don't use this game to answer that question because the answer will be no.
All right. Let's talk about maybe a place where they can announce Flappy Souls 2. That is Summer
Game Fest 2023 is coming up. We've been talking a little bit about this, but this game is somewhat
on the horizon. It is happening on June 8 at 12 Pacific 3 Eastern 12 noon Pacific. It will be on
YouTube, Twitch, Twitter, Facebook, all the places you can expect to see a video. They are talking
about world premieres, gameplay demonstrations and announcements. And it will be in front of a
live audience. So for the last few years because of COVID lockdowns and so forth, and the world kind
of finding its balance after that, it's been 100% virtual and all that. But it will be in front of a
live audience this year just like the game awards were. So that's not a huge surprise. It will be
at the YouTube theater and I believe tickets are on sale now. Over 40 companies have been announced
as taking part. The list is too long. I will read you some highlights. Activision, Bandai Namco,
Capcom, Devolver Digital, Disney Interactive, Electronic Arts, Epic Games, Gearbox, Magic
the Gathering, Microsoft or Xbox, Netflix, Niantic, Lord help us, Samsung, Sega, Sony
Interactive Entertainment or PlayStation, Square Enix, Ubisoft, Valve, Warner Brothers Games, which
might tie into something we're gonna talk about in a little bit. I didn't even name everybody.
Everybody is here except one. There's one company I didn't say who's not on the list,
which is actually a little bit surprising because usually they participate in Geoff Keighley stuff.
Nintendo. Nintendo's not there. They'll do their own thing. That's right. Nintendo does their own
thing right around this same time. But I'm still a little bit surprised they're not giving one
they're not giving one little nugget to Geoff Keighley, even if it's a like more of an indie
tone type of game or a smaller shadow drop release type of thing. I'm a little surprised at that,
but it is what it is. Well, they may not necessarily announce everybody that's gonna
be there if they really want to be. I don't know. We'll see. Who cares? Yeah, maybe. But I wouldn't
get the hopes up on that whole thing. So S.J.O. and Hunter Matt says the Disney and Square Enix
mention got folks excited. Oh, people reading into Kingdom Hearts 4. Maybe. But we also know
I would actually say, yeah, Kingdom Hearts 4 isn't off the table. However, don't forget Disney just
put out a pretty big Mario Kart clone on mobile phones that they are trying to enhance and make
that Disney speedster or something like that. So I imagine they want to announce something that,
you know, probably new characters, new tracks. I hear that game is very limited in tracks right
now. So probably want to announce like a little more of a roadmap for that game. And I would
assume Square Enix, it's time for the update on Final Fantasy 7 rebirth and what's going to
happen there. And if the game is actually coming out for holiday, release day announcement is
coming at this for sure. If it is not coming for holiday, we get the trailer that says that
suddenly, magically has a new release day 2024 in the trailer. So I really feel like
Final Fantasy 7 rebirth is what Square Enix is bringing to the table. We'll see.
So, all right. We'll find out on June 8th. Let's move on. Dark Sakura was something else out of
Nintendo's world. Yeah, and something that nobody should be surprised by because speedrunner is
going to speedrun. So as of two days ago, a speedrunner already beat Tears of the Kingdom
in 94 minutes. Now, I haven't checked for updates since then, but yeah, one hour 34 minutes and 33
seconds for a full speedrun without using an amiibo. And I'm just like, speedrunners,
why? Don't ruin it for us. It'll be fun to watch once they start hitting like games done quick and
stuff like that. I can't wait. But he went over some some tricks that were apparently available
in Breath of the Wild that Nintendo was supposedly fixed, but not really. They're still there.
Well, I mean, they're saying that, in fact, I'm just going to read a quote from the person that
did it. From what we can tell, almost none of the glitches that were present in Breath of the Wild
seem to have made it into Tears of the Kingdom, but they're still able to perform those glitches.
They just have to activate them in different ways than they did in Breath of the Wild.
And he used a lot of the the fusing ability, the Ultra Hand, which I love that it was named after
the old Ultra Hand. And of course, they're probably certain that they'll learn more
exploits and they'll be new tools. I mean, the one for Breath of the Wild was 23 minutes and 42
seconds. And I'm actually going to take a quick peek and see if this current time has been
exceeded or I should say, defeated.
While you're looking that up, Bobby, who, as you know, follows the games done quick stuff very
closely since he participates with that, mentions in chat Breath of the Wild started at 90 minutes
and now it's in half. And actually, it sounds like even more than that with what was just quoted
there. But Bobby also asked, how does this ruin it? Did somebody in chat say that? I mean, if I said
it, I was just being silly. Yeah. And people are going to play the games they want to play the
games however they want to play as long as they're not like maybe like spoiling the plot by getting
through it fast as long as you're not like copy-posting it out there all over the internet.
Yeah. And I didn't mean it was ruining it. It's just, you know, it's not a competition out there
unless you want to make it a competition. It was just saying it for a fact.
By the way, speaking of games done quick, I do want to give a quick plug because since we are
not out or since we are not here next week and we will be back on the 28th, I do want to point out
games done quick starts on May 28th, a little earlier in the day. And of course, Bobby Blackwell
from VOG Network is going to be out there doing some announcing. And he talks a little bit more
about the details on his show and on his social about when you can catch him during that.
But of course, we'd encourage you to support games done quick and, you know, all the great charity
and all the great speed runners that are going to happen, whether Bobby's in the hosting chair or
not. I actually know some other people. A friend of the show goes way back. You remember Asuka
from the tester years and years. I still follow her on Twitter all these years later.
She's there too, hosting and speed running, actually.
Nice.
So, yeah, so there's-
There's a lot of time, by the way.
There's a lot of fun people involved with games done quick. So I would definitely encourage folks
to follow that with starting in two weeks since we aren't here next week. So, yeah,
let's do one. Matt says, oh, wow, that's a throwback. And Bobby Blackwell says they've
been chatting for a few years and didn't know she was on OLR way back when. I would imagine she
doesn't talk about the reality TV stuff a lot. I don't see her ever bring it up on social media.
She was on another reality show, too. I can't remember the name of it, but that was years and
years ago at this point. So I'm sure she's forging a new path forward and totally makes sense.
Totally makes sense. All right, let's go back to something I hinted at in a previous story. Loki,
what could a new announcement be that's incoming at the Summer Games Fest?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So NetherRealm is teasing that- well, teasing a new Mortal Kombat. And so they had
kind of a picture of a clock that's ticking down or ticking, I guess, down towards 12,
but then goes to one, which makes people think, oh, it's a new Mortal Kombat and it's going to
reboot the franchise. Again.
Again. I was going to say, Mortal Kombat 9 was a reboot, wasn't it?
Well, we're going to do it again. Well, 11 reset the entire timeline, so.
Let's do the time warp again.
So, yeah.
If that song isn't in the trailer, I'm going to be pissed.
Dr. Frank Infertile, DLC character.
Oh, not in that game. I couldn't stand to watch those horrible things happen to Tim Curry's
likeness. I could never watch that. Nothing more than a laser beam, please.
So let's see. Mike Defton Chat says, yeah, 9 was a complete reboot, making everything up that it
was a vision. Don't know the lore after that. Well, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, because
I can't confess that I follow Mortal Kombat lore super closely, but wasn't the main villain in 11,
aka Jennifer Hale, wasn't she like a time-based villain? Wasn't her thing?
What I just said.
Oh, sorry. Yeah. So what, I mean, it would make sense that maybe she
does something that sends everything, you know.
Cronia.
Cronia, thank you. She does something that does the time warp again, basically.
Well, no, she's defeated and whoever, there was either one or two true endings,
and that is either Liu Kang or Shang Tsung win and resets the timeline.
Hmm.
And like, it's, it's all kinds of shenanigans. Like, I mean, spoiler alert, it's already been,
the game's been out for a while now, but like, and I honestly think that the Liu Kang ending,
if it was going to be a real one would be the one because they're not going to go with,
you know, the shitty everyone dies one. But he went back to the original Kung Lao to start the
process.
That also explained, because a lot of people have been asking, if they're doing Mortal Kombat 1,
how are they going to incorporate the new characters? But it kind of seems like in that
layup, there's still a way for characters like, I don't know, Cassie Cage and you know,
some of the newer characters, Jackie Briggs and stuff could could be in it.
It's also just as an aside, it's so funny how many of those voices that I'm hearing
in Marvel's Midnight Suns, because Sindel's voice actor is Storm.
Oh, that's funny.
Who's the new DLC character.
Hey, the voice actor world is pretty small sometimes.
Yeah, I just recognize voices now. Like, it's like, like Shao Kahn's voice actor is a Ghost
Rider.
Oh, it's funny.
And Cassie Cage's voice is Captain Marvel, Carol Danvers. It's just so funny.
But I can hear them now. I'm like, I can't turn it off.
All right. Well, moving on, let's talk about a game. I don't know how I have a Stadia story
when Dark Sakura was our resident Stadia fangirl. But it's actually no longer a Stadia story,
because this has to do with a game that is going to be coming out for other consoles finally,
because it was a Stadia launch exclusive, a game called I don't I could see this pronounced guilt,
but it looks like Glit was a game that came out. It was a Stadia exclusive. And of course,
because it was exclusive to Stadia, you haven't been able to play it since January.
But it will be coming to other platforms PlayStation five and four, and Xbox series and
Xbox one, not the switch. But hey, those platforms will see the game release on July
six. It is a third person survival horror game from the creators of Rhyme Tequila Works. And
you're sneaking around a sally in a gloomy town and exploring the dark corridors of the school,
while evading monsters and looking for the missing cousin. So it sounds like it was a cute game,
it just maybe wasn't enough. You know, and this was obviously a lot of the, you know,
issues that Stadia had management wise, it wasn't enough to, you know, really turn heads to get
people to consider Stadia as their primary source of gaming. So but it's nice that the game will
get a chance to live on. Still had the best version of Cyberpunk.
Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, there. I mean, there were there were good things about Stadia.
And then there was Phil Harrison. Anyway, moving on Dark Sakura.
Well, in less good news, I mean, it's different news. Deviation games backed by PlayStation,
they have laid off around 90 members of their staff, people already posting about it.
It's very unfortunate, you know, that these people are having to go through
just another symptom of budgetary ineptitude. And I mean that on multiple levels.
But yeah, when they were signed on, they were over 100 employees at the time in 2021.
So that sounds to me like it would be the majority of their employees got laid off.
Oh, it's really shitty. And I feel bad for all the people having to
go look for work in an economy that doesn't look out for its people.
Yeah. Never like to report on that type of stuff. But unfortunately, it is what's happening
in the industry right now. So yeah, Mighty Moss is in chat. Hello. I believe this is a long,
longtime listener, first time chatter, who says, talking about the game I was just mentioning,
Glit is awesome. Shame it didn't get more attention because on Stadia.
It's Guilt.
It is Guilt. Okay, Guilt.
Not G-L-Y.
Gamers should check it out. Well, you'll get the chance July 6. I wonder if that was some type of
contract expiration with Google, but you would think all of that was out the window anyway.
Maybe it just took time to... Yeah, I guess if they didn't have a lot of notice about
Stadia shutting down or what that would look like, they do have to still go in and change
things because you have to change... When you release a game on PlayStation or Xbox,
the buttons have to look like the buttons on the controller. And they have to be called what they
are, whether it's the share button, whatever. You have to call things what they are on the
various controllers. That's all part of when a game goes gold. That means it's past that
certification process where it needs to hit a lot of criteria more than meets the eye sometimes
about releasing on those consoles. It's not sadly as easy. A lot of times it's just exporting in
Unity to a different console. Mighty Moss follows up saying, I think it was a porting and contractual
hold up with new platforms. Probably a little bit of both coming into play.
As Joe and Hunter Matt follows up on what Jarek Sakro was just talking about, the unfortunate news
about Deviation Games saying, the tech industry is getting hammered with layoffs. Thoughts are with
those folks. I would hate to be looking for work right now in the industry. Yeah, it's rough out
there. And then all you hear about are all these companies that think they can solve all their
problems with AI, when what AI is, isn't a new concept. We didn't have it on our show tonight,
but Bobby was talking about it a little bit on his show is that Bobby Kotek,
sigh, made a comment in a call with employees about Activision. Somebody was asking,
how is AI going to impact Activision? You know that employee was asking from a place of,
please don't do what Ubisoft is doing and try to replace quest writing with AI. But the response
was, oh, we could see a AI working in a game like Guitar Hero. And like the note charts could be
generated by AI. That's happened in games for a long time. And none of them were any good except
maybe Vib ribbon because Vib ribbon was cute and kind of had some other stuff going for it. But
like, I mean, the auto generated note stuff is never good in those games. Well, okay,
like it was built around random though. And Vib ribbon was like, how many years ago? Like, I mean,
I think AI technology has gotten a little bit better since then. Fair. And to be honest,
like you could use AI for like a Guitar Hero game to get a starting point. Like I think there's even
like different I want to say we like step mania had something where you could, you know, basically
throw something in there and it would generate kind of steps based off of like where it thought
beats were and stuff like that. And all that stuff is like, decades old at this point. So yeah,
I could imagine that. Yeah, they would do that. But they're never making another Guitar Hero game.
So that's off the table anyways. Yeah. So anyway, but it just, you know, kind of coupling that with
the tech layoff and all that stuff is that I swear you have all these idiots in C suites around the
industry who think that AI can replace these and it's just going to make the situation worse
before it gets better, unfortunately, because there's going to come a point where all this
shit backfires. All of it is going to backfire. It's just a matter of time. So
I kind of look at it like sort of having the automatic checkout units.
And how often do you have to call the clerk over to fix it?
Mm hmm. Kind of the same thing. There's always going to be a need for the human touch, I think.
Yeah. The first time AI drops a slur, and it's already happened. Remember the thing about Twitch
and the AI generated thing that was on there? And you can say, oh, they'll block those words. Well,
guess what? Society is coming up with new horrible things to call people all the time.
So as soon as AI drops something like that in a triple A game or what it's it's over.
Well, and on top of that, I mean, like, obviously, they wouldn't just generate stuff off the fly
with I mean, I wouldn't say always wouldn't be obvious. But like, let's put it this way. So at
least with the AI stuff now, and like all the companies talking about AI, I rather hear people
talking about AI than blockchain. So, you know, I'll give them that I'll give you that I will
give you that. So like, it's fine. Let's talk about AI versus blockchain. Because blockchain
is not going anywhere as far as like what you guys are going to be implementing with games like,
say, Oh, yes, let's unnecessarily add blockchain to this piece of DLC. You know, why? Oh, well,
so you can treasure doing games. Oh, that's weird. Because I think you could set that up
anyways, you know, if you wanted to, but I don't know, it's just it's silly. I would like to see
what they're gonna do with it. I do think it is a powerful tool. Will it be used poorly in the
beginning? Yeah, I mean, this is like look at any other like gimmick that's come out for consoles
and stuff. 3d for the 3ds motion controls. I mean, sure. Like in the beginning when there's games
first implementing that they don't know what to do with it. So it's gonna be garbage, but eventually
it'll get better. Until the next thing comes around.
All right. Well, let's move on with our next story, which I think is coming from you, Logie.
Yeah, so Annapurna, that company is actually parting ways with the studio behind gone home,
apparently following a toxic workplace. So the developer Fulbright, they said apparently their
co founder Steve Gaynor is made the studio a toxic cesspool according to the article from Kotaku.
And apparently, he had stepped away from that position as a writer back in 2021.
But I guess having more influence on the company has made it worse. And then of course, saying
he's also said that he's used the last two years to reflect and reconsider his working relationship
with the Fulbright team. But says the studio has been long developing and representing open roads
moving forward with publisher Annapurna Interactive taking over the front side of marketing.
So after a great deal of consideration, it's just no longer a Fulbright's place to represent open
worlds publicly going forward, it'll be credited to the open roads team at launch and will be
covered further here as much as I wish the game the best when it does come out. If you've joined
this newsletter and hoping for fresh info on open worlds, you should do yourself a favor and sign up
for the Annapurna newsletter on that front. For the record, Annapurna is also having a
pretty massive sale right now on Steam, just throwing that out there.
Oh, really? Hmm. Yeah.
Cool. Good to know. Love sales.
Sales are good. We should be getting like a Steam summer sale here probably in the next
few weeks, I think. Isn't that usually time to the Fourth of July?
Yeah, around E3-ish, I think. Sometimes they'll do stuff like around there. Summer games for
that time.
Yeah. Yeah. We'll probably see on the consoles, especially you'll probably see like if a game
gets a sequel announced, the original goes on sale. You see that a lot. So yeah, there's probably
some I noticed there haven't been a lot of huge sales on PlayStation lately. Like they have their
regular like, it's the May sale, it's the April sale. There's nothing like really big that they've
been pushing lately. So I feel like they're they're waiting on something. So we'll see.
All right. Let's move on to this story. This is a little bit about Twitch culture,
but I actually think this is really cool. As somebody who does, you know, obviously we do
this show on Twitch. I stream on a personal stream. Dark Soccer does as well. Loki's dabbled
in Twitch, but obviously he found a home on YouTube, which is fine as well. More platforms
makes more competition. And then you get new features such as what Twitch is doing, which
is a new clip editor, which makes it easy to make vertical style clips. So if you go into a clip in
the clip manager in your creator dashboard, you can do an edit and share clip feature that gives
you a tool that will help you to make vertical video clips. Why would you want a vertical video
clip? Because that is the way most people are watching their phones on platforms like TikTok,
Instagram stories, whatever, you know, a lot of those video on demand things are vertical. You
can choose to create a video that just shows the one portion of your stream or splits the view that
like putting your camera on top. There were already tools that help people do this for
TikToks. I know Alan had used some on his TikTok that, you know, he got some pretty good clips
out of it. He's Alan Alchemy on TikTok. I should give him a plug here. I rarely use TikTok, so I'm
not ready to share mine. But you can see that emotion. So it's nice that Twitch is kind of
building that in natively. You can also add your channel name to the clip and so forth. You know,
YouTube Shorts also, I didn't even think is another place where they do a lot of verticals.
So you can again, have some love between Twitch and YouTube. And this is again, just a place for
me to remind. It's okay, you know, as a Twitch streamer, it's okay if you don't have the money
to do subs. And if you don't have the money to do biddies, it's cool. We get it. Like, you know,
everybody's got a tight belt, a tight budget. It is really meaningful when you do hit those buttons
and you are able to do that kind of thing. But a way that you can show just as much love to a
streamer honestly, is by using that clip button. If you laugh out loud, use that clip button and
take 30 seconds to like crop the beginning and end of what was funny. And I tell you that goes
a long way. And by the way, I noticed some of you actually have done that with a couple of pieces of
tonight's show already, such as when, you know, I said the P word earlier in the show. Some of
you are using the clip button and that's great. I love that. Dark Sakura, I'm sure you love to
see when clips get made to your stream as well. And this is just another way that you can make
some of that portable. So this is great. I'm glad that Twitch incorporated this.
Oh, I can always use more, but sometimes people clip stuff. I'm like, why?
You know, I think sometimes people accidentally hit the button, especially if they're watching on
mobile because the make a clip button and the like large screen, but are right next to each
other. Cause I've done that. I've accidentally hit the clip button when I didn't mean to do it.
And then I I've even been asked like, what were you trying to make a clip of? And I was like,
I wasn't sorry. I'll make clips. I do make clips when I see funny stuff, but sometimes I'm like,
I didn't mean to do that. My bad. So anyway. Okay. Before we get to our next segment,
actually, I believe we're seeing some late breaking news coming in. Um, this is,
this is, yeah, this is really sad. Uh, we are getting a link. Thank you,
Tigerclaw for the heads up. We've got a link to a tweet from, uh, Tony Grayson at Grayson's Z80,
who says just heard about the passing of Brandon O'Brien, the original Crash Bandicoot voice actor.
Uh, it's a huge shock. I've been a fan of Brandon's for years. And recently he and I have
been talking about having a role in Anton Blast 2, absolutely gutted and blindsided. Um, R.I.P.
1962 to 2023. That was actually made this morning, but just brought to my attention. I was not aware.
So, um, that's a bummer. I'm sorry to end on a bummer, but that's, uh, that's really sad.
Like I said, the voice acting world is a small world and, um, yeah. All right. Let's try to
change the tone. Let's pick it up with something that is a fun segment that we like to do here
every week on the show. And I will let the bumper speak for itself.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault and pull out
a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us tonight, Dark Soccer, for the classic game?
Picked Fez.
Awesome.
Fez came out in 2012. It is an independent puzzle platform game. It was developed by
Polytron Corporation and published by Trapdoor. Um, so your character is named Gomez and he wears
a fez. Um, his, uh, world appears to be 2d, but it actually rotates around four different
two dimensional views to realign these different platforms and solve puzzles. And your goal is to,
um, yeah, fezzes are cool. Thanks, Pod Culture. Um, Doctor Who reference. Um, but you have to
collect these cubes and fragments to restore order. Um, and it was sort of low profile when
it came out, but it really, really, you know, got its own following and the game's been ported
elsewhere since then. Um, so, you know, Gomez lives in this happy little 2d world. And then,
um, there is, uh, this giant hexahedron thing that basically tears space and time apart and shows the
third dimension. And so, um, the game seems like it's resetting and then you can rotate between
the different views. Um, and so you explore quite a bit. You have codes and glyphs and treasure maps
and stuff, secret rooms. Um, and you don't really have a lot of guidance to go with. Um, you get QR
codes or tetronimos or all kinds of stuff, alts, you know, false clues and everything. Um,
the whole thing is that it uses a very limited palette and it's very pixelated, kind of
eight biddish in style and has a lot of nods to Tetris with the, uh, the, um, tetronimos,
but it has nods to Legend of Zelda, to Super Mario Brothers, you know, pipe traveling and whatnot.
Um, it has all kinds of different settings in there. And then it also has a new game plus
that lets you play first person. Um, and the game went through pretty long developmental, uh, cycle.
Um, it, it was, gosh, they said for Phil Fish, the developer, um, it took about five years to
make the game. Um, but I mean, once it was, once it was out, it won awards. It was, uh,
in PAX 2011, it got the PAX 10 selection. Um, it, Eurogamer basically, you know,
was all about the game. Gamasutra gave it positive ratings. It really, it really flew. Um,
and then, um, basically when it was released on April 13th, 2012, it sold about 200,000 copies.
Um, as long as it was exclusive to the Xbox live arcade platform. Um, and then, but Fish
had some problems with Microsoft studios as a co-publisher for not giving it a lot of publicity
when the game was released. Um, and so there is a pretty big dispute over how much it was
going to cost to patch FES. So after that, there was a Windows port. Um, and then after that,
we had an OS 10 and Linux, uh, port. Uh, then we had PS3, PS4, Vita, uh, came out after that.
Then it was, oh yeah, and iOS and iOS ports. Um, and that came out in 2017, uh, no Android port,
um, had been, been planned or released to my knowledge. Um, but basically the, the game was,
uh, actually wrote in a visual, uh, C sharp express and XNA game studio express. Um,
and it was done in Trixel, which converts 2d to four-sided 3d voxels, you know, basically
like different types of pixels. Um, but the game was designed in Photoshop with the software
converting it into 3d assets. Um, you know, most of the levels were designed by just using simple,
um, extrusion, um, which to just basically pull up from the flat shapes. Um, it had, you know,
all kinds of different stuff tucked in, um, you know, nods, like I said before, to Super Mario
Brothers and Legend of Zelda, and even to some of Miyazaki's, uh, open sky feel and, uh, to
Ico as well. Um, the music was done by Disasterpiece, um, also, uh, real name, uh, Rich Vreeland,
and it was very chiptune, electronic, um, and it really of course worked well with the game.
And then there were of course also tracks that had imitations of bats and thunderstorms and
taiko drum and, you know, water dripping off stalactites and all kinds of different stuff. And
there were, um, nods to, um, to other games and other movies like, you know, Lord of the Rings and
80s horror films and, um, some Legend of Zelda music, some Mass Effect, um, music. So, um, and
there's also a synthesized rendition of Chopin's Prelude, Opus 28, number four. Um, the song is
Continuum and, you know, lots of, uh, use of really classic, um, instruments as well, like a
mini-mog. If you don't know what the mini-mog is, it came out in 1970 and it was one of the first
home-sized, I would reckon, um, uh, synthesizers put out by Mog, um,
if you don't know how it's spelled, look up M-O-O-G, Mog. Um, which is also, by the way,
the full Mog is what Wendy Carlos used for Tron and switched on Bach.
Love Tron.
Yeah, she's awesome. Um, but at any rate, the soundtrack came out on Bandcamp and
basically flew off the virtual, uh, shelves and really good, really good soundtrack. Um,
and even, uh, someone was actually mentioning that they heard even references, uh, to, uh,
Pink Floyd and Soft Machine and, uh, Kraftwerk in some of the tracks. I thought it was really cool.
Love to hear the influences as they show up. Um, but like I said, it was generally favorable.
Um, it got for Metacritic on Xbox 360 89 of 100, but, uh, the other releases were between
90 and 91 out of 100. Um, most of them gave, gave, uh, eight out of 10 or higher for the rating.
Um, and even the New York Times, um, labeled it as a tribute to 1980s gaming as a, and also
said, and I'm going to read the quote here, lovingly almost excessively devoted to the
golden age of Nintendo. There were some that were comparing some of the aspects to Cave Story and
how well made that was. Um, even some surrealism thrown in there. Um, it's just very, very
interesting. The, the, the ties to other things that people have, um, you know, related this to,
I think it's, it's pretty nice. And then of course, Fez itself became, um, an inspiration
for a few other games, um, including Monument Valley, uh, Crossy Road, uh, Secrets of Rhyticon
and Tunic. Um, there was a announcement for a sequel. Um, it was a one more thing sort of item
in the June, 2013 Horizon Indie Game, uh, press conference, um, that was held at E3.
And then the project was canceled after Twitter argument between Phil Fish and a journalist named
Marcus Beer. Um, so that was it. It was basically canceled because of a snit.
That's your game. All right. The classic, classic game of the week is Fez. A lot of people, uh, in
chat commenting because, uh, you know, about Phil Fish and that whole thing, uh, you know, with the
movie and everything, which, you know, I guess maybe this game kind of almost took on a different
life in that regard. Um, but yeah, definitely, definitely there's been a lot of coverage on this
game in the past. Um, but it just kind of goes to show, you know, um, love it or hate it. Uh,
what a modern, uh, you know, contemporary, uh, classic, especially out of the indie scene,
it is for sure. Well, even on top of that, as far as, um, it itself being a classic,
it draws from classics. And like I said, not just in gaming, but in the music direction,
the general art direction of the game. Um, it's, it's a very unique study, especially if you
are well versed in music history and, um, and art history. All right. Classic.
I'm just saying there was a lot of real intelligence put into this game. Classic
game of the week is Fez. I see some other people in chat saying, I should go revisit that game.
So, uh, it's always, always fun when the segment can inspire people to go
revisit something in the backlog. Don't, don't play into death's demands. No, I,
I also still really need to play tunic. That's for sure. So, um, my friend who I played,
it takes two with said that's a good game too, but I always, you know, I figured it was a good
game. All right. We still have just a few more stories for you and then believe it or not,
we're going to go right into calls. We didn't have quite as many stories slotted for tonight,
just because, uh, it's been a little bit of a lighter week. Honestly, uh, I guess people are
too busy playing Zelda or probably more realistically, uh, with summer game Fest on
the horizon, there just isn't quite as much news coming out, uh, because people are sitting on it
for, uh, you know, whether it be the official summer game Fest event or something else timed
around that event, uh, with there being no E3 this year, uh, we probably get to be seen a lot
more headlines, um, a little closer to that. So it's probably going to be slow for a couple of
weeks, but we do have some fast headlines. So let's do some rapid fire news. Loki.
Yeah. So we have the announcement from game freak that they're going to be working with
take two's private, uh, division label to create a brand new IP that is called a codenamed project
bloom. It is, uh, they have a pretty cool screenshot from this. I'm not really sure what
it's supposed to be, but, um, basically it says, uh, to celebrate this announcement private
division and game freak have unveiled the first piece of concept art for the game,
which looks like it's like a giant forest and has like some person with either an umbrella or
that's a mushroom. I can't really tell. Um, but it's like, it's some sort of action adventure
game and it is going to be a new IP. So, uh, we'll have to figure out when that's coming.
Not for a while though, because it says the game won't be coming until, uh,
2026 fiscal year. So early 2027. Wow. That is very early on. Does this even make the PS5
when 2027 be the end of the seven year cycle and the time we start talking about PS6. Yeah. Yeah.
So we'll see. I think whatever that is, it'll be neat. Well, I can tell you what it's not,
and that would be Pokemon, but for Sony, um, it seems very clear this is going to be going
a different direction. And because of that reason, it's like, okay, I got nothing to go off of
one piece of arts. Not enough for me to know anything about this. Okay. Game freaks making
something for Sony. Cool. Can't wait to see a trailer or something that tells me a little more.
And that's, that's, that's all I got on that. Pretty much. It's not much. Um, also we have
the announcement that power wash simulator has, um, sold 7 million copies, or I should say have
7 million people play it because obviously some of that is going to be game pass and whatnot,
but, uh, yeah, very exciting. And I know this year they've, uh, we talked about it weeks ago,
but that they've got quite the slate of DLC and stuff coming out for it. So I can't wait to check
that out. I dabble in that every once in a while. I need to go back and visit, especially with some
of the recent stuff they've put out. So that's a fun game. Yep. All right. Dark soccer. I think
you got one headline for us. I do just a little one. Um, there is a new open beta for street
fighter six, um, play test for PS five Xbox series and PC, uh, to go from May 19th to the 21st.
It will have, um, eight characters, which will be to me, guile Jamie. That isn't me. Um, Judy,
uh, Ken, Kimberly, who's so much fun, Luke and you, and a few different stages like, uh, the
carrier Byron Taylor, Gamboo temple, Metro city, downtown, the macho ring channel one,
and, uh, the training room. You can customize your avatars and the battle hub. Um, there's
cross-play commentary, um, all kinds of stuff. So, uh, definitely something worth checking out
if you can. Yeah. I'll have to check that out. I mean, I played the last beta, but it was,
but not enough. I need to play more of it. Speaking of open betas, you know what had
a beta this weekend was Diablo four. I didn't play it. I I'm shocked at myself, but I was busy.
I had IRL stuff and I thought for sure I would have until Monday noon when they would pull the
plug, but no, they pulled it today. They called it a weekend and then ended it at noon on a Sunday.
Silly. So also for Tekken eight, they released the Hwa Rong, uh, trailer. Oh, really? Uh,
he used to be like my guy. All right. Well, let's go over to Sony and talk a little bit about
PlayStation plus, uh, specifically what is coming to the game catalog. If you're an extra or a
premium subscriber, uh, as well as what is getting added to the classics catalog. Uh, so some new
games are showing up in the game catalog. There's probably a few too many for me to read, but I'll
just mention some of the highlights. We have Conan exiles, uh, dishonored death of the outsider and
dishonored to the evil within two humanity, which is a new release. So that's going to be there as
well. Uh, ratchet and clank rift apart. Also a newer one from the PlayStation five rise of the
Tomb Raider 20 year celebration, uh, is coming as well. Sakuna of rice of ruin. Um, let's see,
we have, uh, some of the Tomb Raider games, the more recent ones are coming as well. Watchdogs
Legion in the classics catalog for the PSP. We have blade dancer, lineage of light pursuit force
siphon filter, Logan shadow, and PlayStation four Ghostbusters, the video game remastered.
So, um, I was hoping we'd see more like pick up the pace y'all on those classics. I don't know
what's taken a while for some of them to get. I mean, I guess because they put trophies in them
and they try to really make them full featured releases, but, uh, really would be hoping to see
more, uh, come into that, but it is, you know, they're trying to beef up what's in that collection
to begin with. So can't complain about that. All right. Let's travel around the world and check
out some new games coming out this week, uh, on the various platforms in the various countries.
So let's start with the U S Loki. Not a lot. Um, so we've got, let's see humanity on PC PlayStation
four and PlayStation five. That's that new enhanced game, uh, Trinity trigger on PC,
Nintendo switch PlayStation four and PlayStation five war Lander on PlayStation five and Xbox series.
And last but not least Lego two K drive on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series. All right. Uh, heading over to Japan. It's
been a slow couple of weeks. We had golden week happened a little bit ago and it's been kind of
slow on the game releases ever since this week. Isn't too much different, but we do have a few,
we have a few games this time. So on the Nintendo switch, we have Wanda fortune R is coming out in
a regular and special edition from idea factory. And that's really the only big release on the
switch this week. However, over on the PlayStation five, we have a couple of titles dread out to it
comes out this week, as well as transport fever to, uh, both on the PlayStation five this week,
uh, Lego two K drive also we'll get a Japanese release the same day, the U S gets one. And those
are your releases in Japan this week, dark Sakura. How about Europe on the 16th for PlayStation and
switch. We have Trinity trigger. Um, also on the 16th bus simulator, 21 next stop gold edition.
Um, that's for PlayStation and Xbox. Um, the rest of these are on the 19th for PlayStation shadow
warrior three definitive edition. Um, on switch toy soldiers, um, on PlayStation and switch, we
have a garden simulator. That's got a gnome. And then on the three, we have Lego two cage
wrap. That's it. All right. Uh, that is it for the stories and segments we had slotted outside of
the classic listener round table. Uh, if you would like to give us a call, of course you sure can.
You can join over at vog at network.com slash discord. You can join our green room. We'll take
a couple of calls tonight, but I actually think we have a couple of emails. Uh, you can email us
every week, participate at orange laundry.com. If you would like to send us some emails and dark
soccer is going to jump in the mail bag and hopefully, um, not find herself drowning in here.
All right. I'll start with the first one from, uh, Mishi. Um, hi all it's your girl Mishi here
back with another gaming week. This week's games consisted of Nintendo switch games, mostly two
games in particular. I just had a slow gaming week as I've been under the weather. Any,
anyway, said games are as follows. No place like home in this game, you play a girl whose father
went to space to do a mission. The game doesn't really say just as he's not home right now.
So she sees on earth to take care of his farm. Since the world got taken over by garbage,
his farm got wrecked. So she stayed behind to rebuild it and clean up the mess.
You have to farm while creating buildings for the farm out of the trash you find
sort of like recycling. If you will, you also get to befriend animals and cook. It's really a fun,
cozy type of game. The next game I'm sure you're all too familiar with Legend of Zelda. Here's the
kingdom. I got to say Nintendo stepped up their game with this one. I can't really say why because
I don't want to spoil it for anyone wanting to play, but I will say I'm finding it harder than
Breath of the Wild, yet still a lot more fun. I say everyone should check out these games.
Everyone should check these games out at least once. Have a great day and stay safe, everyone.
Peace, love, and game on. Sincerely, Mishi. Thanks, Mishi, and I hope you feel better.
Yeah. All right. Next email. It says quick question, but knowing who sent it,
I'm going to refrain. I think it actually is pretty quick,
especially comparatively. Good job. Good job.
Hello, L.R. Hi, Y.Y.R. Just a quick question this time, actually. I've only been playing
Pokemon Go since November, so I was seeking an answer to this question from the folks either
hosting or listening to this show who have been playing for far longer than I have.
At the present, Niantic is running an in-game event where all candy for catching Pokemon
has been doubled for an entire week. This stacks with pineapple berries as well.
I've seen them double catch candy before, but only for one or two featured hours,
certainly not for the whole week. So my question is, have they actually done this before?
Do they do this with any sort of regularity or is this some sort of sign of desperation or perhaps
just another non-answer to recent community concerns?
Thanks as always for this show and have a great week, Aaron Y.Y.R.
Yeah, not the answer I think you were digging for, but it has been seen in game before and I
can tell you the time that you can regularly expect it is Halloween because, get it, candy.
Mike says it's a regular thing.
Yeah. Our Pokemon Go experts in chat kind of agree with what I'm saying is that you can pretty
reliably see this in game for multiple days. You also pointed out that they do it hours at a time,
fairly regularly too, like community days. You want to read what's going on because
usually they either boost candy, they boost Stardust, they boost XP, usually something
like that gets boosted. And then same thing with spotlight hour. You can almost reliably
count on once a month, there will be at least one hour you can get double candy.
And I know that sounds like a lot to kind of hold out for, but
never recycle a legendary unless it's dire inventory space or something.
Never recycle a legendary outside of one of these double candy drops. But if you're, you know,
if you're bursting at the seams, not that people have as many legendaries anymore anyway,
because most people stopped rating. But if you can never shred the legendaries until one of
these spotlight hours at least, but you can, you can expect it around Halloween. I think Easter
had it this last year too. So, you know, just, just think of things where it's cute to work in
candy as a bonus. And usually you're going to see it there. SJ100Matt says, if they're going to do
a community day for a Pokemon that needs a lot of candy to evolve, they'll do double catch candy as
well. I think Noibat had that because that was a 400 candy Pokemon to evolve. So keep an eye out
for that. And sorry, I'm terrible at gifts. YYR, I promise you every time I open the game, I do try
to go into it. I haven't been playing as much lately. I've just been feeling a little meh on
Pokemon Go. It kind of comes and goes. But I'm sure at some point there'll be something where
I'm like, oh, I want to go catch a new thing. I'll go Bluetooth, catch a new Pokemon, a new shiny,
I don't know. Maybe I'll play. Actually, I can't do the community day next week because I'm going
to be on a work trip. And I think I'll be in a conference when most, the conference is on a
Sunday, but I'll be in the conference during most of it. So yeah. So apologies if we're Pokemon Go
friends for everybody. I'm terrible at gifts. Conference or Yawn friends?
Oh, no. I like my job and the stuff I'm going to sounds interesting. I just, my only bitch is
a Sunday. Really? Was it half price? It is weird. Fucking weird.
Yeah, but whatever. It is what it is. I don't get it. Why did they do that?
I don't know. Because the convention center costs less than it does on Friday and Saturday,
I'm sure. But I, why not do like a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday? I don't know.
I don't know. All right. The reason.
Yeah. All right.
Was that it for emails?
Yeah.
All right. Well, if you want to send us an email, participate at orangelandtrader.com.
Don't let us go too many weeks without an email or I'm going to lecture everyone again. I was
kidding. And I was saying this in chat, but I'll say it here too. I kind of feel like the Twitter
question worked out pretty well tonight. As much as I have a love hate relationship with Twitter,
for the sake of content and interacting with listeners, I'll try to do that a little more
often, at least until Blue Sky is open invite for all. And assuming that website keeps its legs and
doesn't become another- Are you on there yet?
I am. We follow each other.
We do? Okay. Because all these weird people follow me and I'm like, I have no idea who
these people are.
There are people, because it's a new social platform, there's people that will follow
literally everybody to try to become like the next big, like one of those people that just
leverages their social media clout for money.
Reasons.
You know, ads and stuff.
Well, it's not like I'm following them back.
No, I don't follow them back. If you have more than 10,000 followers already on a closed platform,
or excuse me, if you're following more than 10,000 people on a closed platform like Blue Sky so far,
I'm not following you back.
If you have 100, less than that, which most people do, then yes, and you say something in
your profile that's like, I'm a gamer. I'm LGBT. Yes, I'll probably follow you back because it
seems like we might have something in common.
Found a Tia Marie, and I thought it was our Tia because I've never seen anyone else post
their name like that.
Oh, you got me excited for a minute.
And it's not Tia, but they're really cool.
Okay, well, that's good.
Yeah, if you are on Blue Sky, I'm there at Rob Roberts, and Dark Sakura is there too.
You're just Dark Sakura on there, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
My profile shows as DarkSakura underscore OLR to match back to my thing, but yeah,
it's just DarkSakura with whatever the extension is.
Yeah, fair.
Yeah, on the default Blue Sky server.
I will say if you're waiting to get in there, here's the thing.
They give us one invite every two weeks.
One invite every two weeks.
So once you've been on the platform for two weeks, Jamie, they'll send you an invite.
I finally got my first one, and I'm sorry if I didn't send it to you, but I sent it
to the person who asked me for it first, who said that they would use it.
I got mine from another streamer friend.
I got mine from the same person.
I don't know how they got bulk invites, but yes, that person invited both you and I.
So I love it.
Yeah, I think I thought he said he sent it to you too.
So did it make you squee?
I was like, what's this Blue Sky thing?
Okay.
I was like, what is this thing and why do I want to join?
Okay, I joined.
Well, and the awesome thing, though, about being on an M1 Mac is that I can run the iOS
app on my Mac, and it's pretty cool.
And Mike Def says, I'll get it when I get it, I guess.
And here's the thing, don't let the exclusiveness of it make you feel like you're totally missing
out.
There are still a lot of parts that's rough around the edges.
Trust me, it's a good thing the floodgates aren't open yet, because there's a lot of
things as a newer network, it's got to figure out.
And there's a lot, especially when it comes to how are they going to do policy police
some things, some concerns came to light with the terms of service, because it's very boiler
plate.
But the CEO, who is not Jack, by the way, Jack did start it and I believe is on the
board because he actually started it when he was at Twitter to do something more decentralized,
but he is not the CEO.
She's Jay, I think her name is.
And I think it is Jay.
And she's talked about very openly some of the things that's like, yes, we know this
is bad.
We're working on it.
Please give us a little time.
And that's why they're not opening up the floodgates to the platform yet as much as
people are ready for it.
So I get it.
So all right.
But, you know, an invite, if I have an invite, I'll pass it to you.
Yeah.
An invite every two weeks sounds slow, but like, give it three months and then like,
because in two weeks I'll have an invite and the person I invited will have an invite.
And then in two more weeks, I'll have another, they'll have another, the people we invited.
So it'll get around soon enough.
Just, you know, you just have to be patient, but give that time to Blue Sky to work out
the kinks.
There's some very basic things, too, that, like, you can't turn off whatever retweets
or I refuse it to call it the thing that they're trying to force us to call it, reblogs or
whatever.
You can't turn those reblogs off on that platform.
So that I really need in order to be able to follow certain people, because some people
do it too much and I never see original content and I see it too much.
And I also really need them, too.
When you refresh your feed, it needs to start from where you left off, not at the top.
That is the most annoying thing to me.
But they'll get there.
They're new.
They'll get there.
They're in beta.
It's not a complaint.
It's just a loud suggestion.
That's all.
Okay.
It looks like I don't have an extra yet.
Not yet.
But you only came in a couple days behind me, right?
You should have one real soon.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, that's it, because it was a shorter week and we don't have any calls in the green
room.
We're ready to wrap it all up for the night.
So we're going to go around and get some final thoughts.
DarkSakura, I know you are off to do some Dessert by Deadlight streaming.
Do you have any final thoughts?
Oh, wait.
I need to give the usual.
Sorry.
I forgot the boilerplate.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two
about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
want more voices here to put out on air.
Please tell a friend and also a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify,
or wherever you found this show goes an awful long way.
That all being said, DarkSakura, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
I want someone to buy stickers so I can hit my goal for this month.
Please.
Sticker.
I have stickers.
And also, I might try to get another adapt.
Who knows?
And pray for me because tomorrow I start ballet for real.
Oh, fun.
Good luck.
Let's sacrifice the chicken and light some candles or something.
And then we'll have some chicken salad by candlelight.
I will have a chicken salad for dinner just for you.
All right.
Later, taters.
All right.
Bye, DarkSakura.
All right, Loki, we're going to go to you.
Your final thought for us tonight?
My final thought is that, well, one, I was going to show off this cool shirt that I have.
I don't know if you can see it, but it's for Master Boot Record.
So it's all like ASCII art.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because, you know, Master Boot Record, they make music with floppy drives.
So that's awesome.
And then let's see what else.
Unrelated, my neighbor's cat.
I finally saw her after six months.
She came back.
I thought she was dead because I haven't seen her in so long.
So she came back for pets.
Let's go.
She always knocks on the door, which is funny.
The neighbor's cat knocks on the door?
Well, she doesn't knock on the door.
She meows at the door usually.
She'll meow at the door with the door open when the weather's nice.
And she'll want me to come outside to give her pets.
And she'll actually lay in my lap and let me give her pets and stuff like that.
Which is funny.
So there's all that.
So those are the random updates that you get.
Those are my final thoughts.
All right.
My final thought is we will be streaming some Stranger of Paradise tomorrow and some
theater them on Wednesday.
And then I'm going to be gone over the weekend.
I'm going to be gone for a bit because this conference is long.
So I'm going to be gone Saturday through Thursday.
So sadly, my streams next week kind of suffer a little bit.
But that's you know, it is what it is.
I look forward to the stuff for my day job.
It'll be a good conference.
But yeah, so we will see you in two weeks here at Orange Launch Radio.
There will be no show next week, but I hope you all have a great week.
We will be back, which I believe is Memorial Day weekend and the start of Summer Games
Done Quick.
So it's going to be a busy week in two weeks and probably a bit of news as we start.
Because two weeks after that, Summer Game Fest has happened and the Microsoft event
will be happening.
We're four weeks away from a firehose of news in the gaming industry.
It's going to be an exciting year.
Diablo IV is going to be out soon.
Final Fantasy XVI, not long after that.
Street Fighter VI.
And y'all are eating up Zelda right now.
It is a good year to be a gamer and we will continue this year of the gamer in two weeks
here at Orange Launch Radio.
I hope you all have a wonderful week.
We'll see you next time.
Good night.
See you next week.
