And it looks really interesting, stay tuned to hear details about that.
But after the show, if you're wanting a more fast-paced, arcade-style baseball game
that does exist, look for a means of playing Super Baseball 2020 or Baseball Stars 2.
Those have been my favorites for decades.
This is one story you'll hear tonight.
This and plenty more is coming from your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live once again, back in the house, episode number 854 for
this January the 31st of 2021, the last day of January.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you from our studio in Sacramento, California, sadly still
socially distancing because it's still March 2020 for a lot of us.
And joining me via the magic of Discord, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
What's up?
Hi, how are you?
I'm all right.
Nice wig.
Thank you.
It's a lace front, Rob.
Lace.
Real lace.
Unfortunately, the podcast folks can't see that sometimes you decide to dress up a little
bit for the show, which, you know, it's all there you go.
There you go.
Yes.
Yes.
Make love to the camera.
Okay.
Perfect.
I decided that I had been feeling kind of crappy all day, so I was gonna glam up just
a little bit.
So I am wearing the lovely eyeshadow palette by our local queen, Sasha Devereaux, who is
talented and amazing.
Look her up.
She's she's awesome.
And her palette is really good.
I'm not being paid to say this.
And I said once we can get back together in person at some point, I said maybe we could
do like a charity fundraiser for something where if we make like, I don't know, a hundred
bucks, 200 bucks, we'll figure out something fair.
I said the DarkSakura could do my makeup for a show.
So you're gonna be a bearded queen.
So look forward.
Please look forward to that.
Once COVID is over, that'll be our official COVID is over party.
All right.
Right.
Anyway, say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, good, Loki.
How are you doing?
Doing pretty good.
Yeah.
Busy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't tell.
What is that game playing behind you tonight?
I can't read the dialogue from here.
I can't see.
Well, it just relates to this week.
Okay.
It is the indie RPG game called To the Moon.
Oh.
I love that game.
Yeah.
That is such a sweet game.
Okay.
I see what you...
Okay.
To the Moon.
I see what you did there.
Okay.
Okay.
It took me a minute.
Yeah.
No, but that is, it is a good game for an entirely different reason than what you're
referring to here.
But all right, Loki, if you're going to open that can of worms, why don't we get into our
kickoff topic right off the bat and talk about what's going on, which, okay, I'm gonna be
fair because it's funny because Bobby kind of addressed this on his show too, because
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the
Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, V-O-G Network, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
And if you are live with us on Sunday night, stop by our chat room because we do like to
read comments from chat.
So we're on right after the Bobby Black Wolf show and Bobby on his show was kind of like,
I'm not really going to talk about it because it's not really gaming news and actually do
kind of agree to an extent.
Like this story has now far eclipsed what is just gaming news.
However, the reason why I think it still qualifies for discussion here and merits discussion
is because I think there's definitely an element of gaming culture that went into this and
why people felt the need to save this particular stock.
But I'll let Loki take it from here, even though it is a follow up to last week, kind
of, but it just, it went to the moon this week.
Yeah, so basically what's happening is there is these hedge funds that have shorted GameStop
stock.
So what shorting means is basically in traditional stocks, when you go long, it means you're
betting on stock is going to raise in price.
So you buy low and you sell high.
Well, short is basically the opposite.
So you buy, you borrow a stock from somebody, you sell it immediately in the hopes that
it goes down and then you buy it again low and return the stock that you borrowed.
And then you make the money based off the amount that the stock dropped.
Well, what happened was is that these hedge funds did what's almost called like a naked
short where they overshorted the stock 140%.
Now you're wondering how the hell do you sell more stocks than exist?
It's because that they're basically, you know, hedge fund A, you know, has a stock and hedge
fund B borrows that stock and then immediately sells it to hedge fund C, which then borrows,
you know, hedge fund D borrows it from C, you know, it's so keeps going.
So you end up getting these multiples and what they do that for is to drop the value
of the stock.
So they will buy up a lot of these, they'll short them and you to a great extent to drop
the price of the stock down to make money and then sell it once it goes low.
I did address this a little bit last week using turnips as an example, just as a reminder,
because this is where we all learned about the stonks this year.
Actually, I learned about it in high school.
Well, okay.
We played the stock market.
But did you, did you actually, and I think a lot of economics classes probably did the
fake stock market, but I don't know a lot of people who have put their own money in
the stock market.
I'm talking outside of 401ks and things that kind of like retirement plans do free do for
you.
I've invested.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I invested in the place in which I work.
Okay.
Well, there's a lot of, there's a lot of people who have not had any experience with any of
that until like animal crossing.
I think really like kind of started getting people like, oh, you know, and I think everybody
kind of knew like, oh, it's a cute little play on the stock market.
What's happening there.
But you know, then this started happening.
And now that everybody is having to like, okay, somebody, why the fuck do I keep hearing
about GameStop in the news?
What the hell is going on?
So many people have had to like, and I'm going to use this term, dumb it down.
And believe me, there's a lot in my life.
I've needed to make it accessible, dumb down.
Okay, sure.
Make it accessible.
Explain it to me.
Like I'm five.
That whole thing.
Right.
So there's been so many people having to explain this, what's going on to people.
Yeah.
So basically what's happening now is so like you would rent a game from blockbuster back
in the day.
Eventually that game is due back.
And so what happens is, is if, for example, you have a community like wall street bets
that sees, Hey, look at this stock is short at 140%.
They're going to have to buy that one, you know, eventually to recoup those socks to
return them.
We're just going to purchase a bunch of these stocks and drive the price high.
So what that does is because they're shorting it and the only way they make money is if
it drops in price, they could lose an infinite amount of money because they have to buy it
at some point.
And so what the goal is now is there's so many people buying the stock, it's driving
the price up much, much, much higher than they anticipated.
So these hedge funds are losing billions of dollars and everybody's making quite a bit
of money off of it because these shares, which were originally like, you know, four or $5
each are now $400, $500 each.
And so, I mean, that's a quite, quite the return on investment.
And so what happened, what's happening now though, is because there's no shares to really
buy back.
And even when they do buy it back, I think it's going to drive the price up a little
bit is they have, it's called a short squeeze.
And so really it's just going to skyrocket the stock.
That's why everybody's holding it.
They're not selling their positions.
And so it's just going to keep driving the price up and up and up and up.
And so this week you saw a lot of bullshit with like Robinhood preventing people from
actually buying stock.
There was, you know, they were only allowing you to sell it.
They were different brokers that were basically limiting the amount of trades you can do.
And it was one of those rare things that like politicians on all sides of the spectrum agreed
on was that that, that move that Robinhood pulled was sus as hell basically.
And that led to a whole Twitch stream that AOC did, right, Monday night or something
where she was, and I don't even think she was playing a game.
I missed it.
Sorry, I had a conflict, but I don't even think she was playing a game this time.
I think she went on, she just did like a talking, she had guests and things like that.
But she just kind of had a talk about it, which was interesting.
And then of course, I'm sure you all saw, you know, Ted Cruz tried to agree with her
and then in response AOC definitely like snatched his fucking wig and threw it in the garbage.
But I think he kind of deserved it.
But anyway, I won't go there.
But still, you had people on both sides that were both saying, you know, Robinhood, what
they did was sus.
And there's all sorts of market manipulation going on.
You know, obviously, there's different CNBC has been, you know, accusing the folks on
Wall Street bets of manipulating the market, not even really calling out the hedge funds
that are over shorting it.
And then on top of that, they've been, you know, conveying fake information.
So they've been saying that these hedge funds have already settled their shares, which you
can look at the data and see, no, that's not the case.
So they're trying to put it out there that, oh, yeah, yeah, they've already bought their
shares back.
You guys won.
You can sell your stock now trying to drive the price down.
But it's so manipulative.
It does make you think and, you know, I'm kind of watching chat and I want to get to
some of that stuff in chat.
But I got two things I want to address here real quick.
And then, Loki, if you have anything else you want to add.
The first thing I want to address is, well, how is this still relevant to gaming?
You know that you're a video game podcast, Orange Launch Radio.
Why are you still talking about this?
Because this is just this just tangentially involves GameStop at this point.
And I would argue, I think it was gaming culture that actually played into this whole thing
and allowed it to happen because, like you said, there was this Reddit community that
observed that there was this trend that was happening on Wall Street of this stock shorting.
And, you know, the rumor came through or the buzz or the tip that some of the hedge funds
were going to be doing this with GameStop stock.
I almost want to say stonk instinctively now, but GameStop stonk, stock, God.
They were going to be doing it with that.
And that was the point where there were several people on Reddit and it was that, you know,
kind of pebble that started the avalanche that said, no, you're not going to do this
to my company, my childhood.
You know, for better or for worse, when it comes to GameStop.
I've certainly had my fair share of criticism about them in the past.
They've done a lot of weird shit, you know, over the years.
But I can also recognize, you know, they have really been kind of stepping on it in the
past year to really try to turn shit around.
Hence the Reggie Fils-Aime on the board story we had not that long ago.
And then we had this guy from Chewy, right?
He was like the CEO or something.
I'm sorry, I might be misstating positions, but he and that was that was the big story.
He put his own money into it.
And that was the thing that Reddit kind of tailgated with.
Right.
So why they're going to make reasons why they believe in the stock.
It's not just, oh, it's because it's over shorted.
They don't really like the company.
It's that they they legitimately think that, you know, it's a decent stock and that's undervalued.
And so that's why they were investing in it.
And a lot of these folks, you know, like, for example, the guy that kind of led the
charge, I guess, who goes by the username Deep Fucking Value, he he actually invested
back in 2019.
He's actually been talking about it for, you know, a while now.
So this isn't like a brand new thing.
Oh, so the best story I've seen on this whole thing, the best is that there was this kid
like seven or eight years old, maybe 10.
So I don't remember the age, but I remember reading he got as a Kwanzaa gift.
His aunt bought him 10 shares of GameStop stock like a year or two ago when he graduated
elementary school or something, I don't know, some type of like, you know, and it was a
cute thing, because, you know, because GameStop stock back then was like five, six bucks.
Right.
My grandma always got me a savings bond every Christmas, every birthday.
Right.
That was her little like, I'm going to teach you about investment.
But for this family, the the answer, whoever it was, I'm sorry, I don't have the article
in front of me, bought 10 shares of GameStop stock, which at the time was not worth that
much.
It was six dollars a share, maybe.
So the kid gets like and the kid gets informational pamphlets about GameStop and all this stuff.
And now it was just in the news when GameStop hit like three hundred fifty dollars this
week or whatever it was, they were like, OK, maybe, you know, they let the kid decide,
but the kid decided to sell.
And, you know, that's great news.
You love to see a 10 year old make three thousand dollars and learn about the stock market in
the process.
And the cool thing was they took two thousand to do something about like paying for school
and some of that.
But they're going to take the other thousand and reinvest as a family.
And I thought that was a neat little like family learns how to play the stock market
type of story.
It was really touching.
I think.
Yeah.
And there's been a lot of these like kind of different people investing in it as well
and taking the money that they've made from that and, you know, paying for consoles for
hospitals and buying stuff for first responders and stuff like that.
So, you know, and stories of people being able to raise enough money to pay for surgeries
and health care, whatever the case may be, paying off their student loans, buying a house,
you know, just, you know, stuff that is like night and day for them.
It's changed their life.
So it's pretty incredible.
This isn't the only stock to the AMC was another one that they've been doing with Blackberry
on.
I don't remember the other one.
Nokia was another one.
I think Nokia.
So there's been several that they've been doing this with.
And it's just it's kind of ironic, though, that you see these billionaires now, you know,
complaining, oh, you guys are manipulating the market.
It's like they were doing the same thing.
There's like some some old video clips online of whether the guy that's behind that show
Mad Money or whatever, talking about how he he used to be with a hedge fund and how the
manipulated stock prices and stuff by like literally passing off fake news to like different
outlets and stuff to get people scared.
Can we talk about that?
Because this is where the chat is going, because another thing that really pushed this GameStop
stock thing that really kind of pushed it forward was, you know, whether you love the
guy or hate the guy, Elon Musk tweeted about it.
And he's got a lot of followers.
He has a lot of influence, especially when it comes to finances.
And he's tweeted about this multiple times.
And he tweeted about the Dogecoin thing, which is a whole other that really is outside of
gaming news.
But it's it's kind of like that whole Dogecoin thing.
The most I'll say about that is that it is showing that this GameStop thing is not the
end of it.
This is going to be something that continues.
How long it continues?
I don't know.
But anyway, my point is and the reason why Elon Musk, assumably, maybe gets involved
in this whole thing.
What does he give a shit about GameStop about all this, besides maybe that he's invested
his own money?
Yeah.
But do you know another very popular company with the short sellers that they love to short
sell the stock with?
It's Tesla.
So I'm sure Elon Musk is looking at these guys going, fuck those guys, because they
fuck with me.
And then we saw it in chat.
They're talking about, you know, Bobby, there's.
Go ahead.
Well, I'm just saying that this is a big show that basically this is all being manipulated
behind closed doors.
And people shouldn't, you know, go back, going back to another statement that the stock
market is not indicative of the economy, really.
Right.
But it makes you think, going back to the whole like fake story thing, you know, how
hard has they've tried to push that narrative about the Tesla autopilot is like a murderous
rampage car out of hell type of thing going on?
You know, I mean, sure.
It sounds like there's, you know, some issues, but I don't.
It's one of those things where it seems like this, you know, and again, it's Christine.
Where, you know, Bobby is actually shown the opposite to be true with his video over
the VOG Network, YouTube.
No, I think it might be on his personal YouTube, but whatever the wherever it is, it actually
shows like how autopilot actually saved him in an accident, you know.
So my point is it makes you stop and think all of these stories about the narrative behind
companies about Tesla.
And here's how this is gaming news, folks, are the negative stories behind GameStop fake?
That's what this is all leading to now.
You know, where there's where there's smoke, there's fire.
And y'all have set foot in a GameStop.
I would I wouldn't say it's all fake, but yeah, how much of it how much of it has maybe
been blown up a little bit.
It makes you wonder.
Well, the other thing, too, you have folks that are still like they're absolutely pissed
about, you know, the last economic crisis they were in from 2008 where the stock market
crashed and, you know, how the government bailed out these, you know, banks and everything
and how literally you have the people, you know, on Wall Street, these hedge fund folks,
you know, celebrating with champagne while the Occupy Wall Street folks were down below,
you know, protesting everything.
So now a lot of these people, it's like this is personal.
I'm buying the stock.
I don't care if it goes to zero, if it means that these hedge funds are going to lose millions
of dollars, it's worth the price of admission.
So a lot of these folks are just, you know, investing because of that.
They're like, I don't care if I lose, you know, what it really to them.
I mean, the amount that they're investing, there's a finite amount that you can lose
there.
It's, you know, whatever you invested in, whereas the shorts, there is no cap for that.
They can keep going.
So the longer they hold onto it, the more that they lose and the higher it goes.
Yeah.
Uh, anything you want to add to this, Jamie, what you, from what you're watching and seeing?
Not, not really.
I mean, there's, I'm still in kind of this wait and see mode right now, you know, just
because it is, I mean, we've been talking about this yet for two weeks, but it's still
in early stages.
I think, I think that there's going to be a lot that comes out of the woodwork and I
know a lot of, you know, the news that we consume is manipulated.
I mean, I always tell people that if you're going to look at one news source, look at
five others, including one that is, uh, an opposing source, you know, it's like, I tell
my mother, you know, okay, link me all this red new stuff, but I want you to also go and
read all this other stuff too.
You know, you have to be able to see the big picture and don't necessarily look to American
news sources.
Just saying.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
Well, just, just that, um, the biggest thing about it is that go into this with your eyes
open.
Don't expect all of the truth to come out.
It's they're going to try, you know, things go really sour on this.
They're going to try to sweep it under, um, it's just another, another sign that the,
the stock market is inherently, uh, a corrupt establishment.
Hmm.
Um, I want to read some of these comments about the Tesla thing that Bobby is saying
in our chat.
Cause it is very interesting about, you know, uh, how much is the news, you know, altered
perhaps.
Um, Bobby is, he's saying a lot in chat.
I'm just going to read some of the comments.
Um, the video I made on YouTube actually got a lot of press with the shorts, mostly calling
me a dumb ass fan boy.
There were rebuttals on auto websites and calls for me to have my driver's license revoked.
It was wild.
And so, because Bobby was trying to say something good about, yeah, because Bobby was saying
something good about, but it also shows that just like that hyperactivity of the internet
in general, when it comes to everything, when it comes to politics, when it comes to gaming,
fuck, look at the replies to any Xbox or Sony post.
The first couple of replies are always like, fuck Xbox, Sony's better or fuck Sony, Microsoft's
better.
And like, shut up.
Like I, I can't believe I'm saying this because this is the show where every gamer has a voice,
but like gamers of a certain maturity level.
I think I'm getting to the point where it's like, I am not interested in hearing from
these people on Twitter because I don't think they're actually gamers, but that's a whole
nother, I guess, debate.
You know.
I still think that we have an unspoken caveat with every gamer.
I'd say there's definitely, we don't have room for hateful voices here.
Yes, absolutely.
Yeah.
There is a little bit of a caveat there and there always has been, and if you don't like
it, tough.
Get my ass.
Don't, you might have rabies.
Bobby continues, they're too busy bitching about games.
They have no time left to play games.
Fifth Dream says we're non-toxic gamers have a voice.
Yes.
There's that.
Questbuster says, I'm only surprised that what happened with GameStop didn't happen
sooner.
That is interesting that it kind of like took this long and I don't know if it's something
about the pandemic or if it's just something about, you know, again, people's childhood
and GameStop in particular or what it is, but I guess it was just this perfect storm
that allowed this to happen now.
I'm going to admit, and maybe I shouldn't talk about this on OLR, but I will, I didn't
get into the whole GameStop thing because I kind of felt like it's probably too late.
Like that's just my own personal opinion.
Like I kind of feel like late if I went, did you invest in the GameStop thing?
Loki?
Not yet.
Um, Monday I will though, because my account, like it takes a long time for everything.
Um, I was able to get in on AMC because you can do that through cash app actually.
So you can open an account through cash app, transfer stuff almost immediately and you
can buy certain stocks.
They don't have GameStop on there, which is unfortunate if I did AMC and I'm up a little
bit there.
Um, I plan on getting in on Doge as well on Monday, um, just for the hell of it.
I got a Dogecoin somewhere.
Because if you think about like, I didn't really, you shouldn't, I should have done
it a long time ago, but like really it's like a fret back when it was like a fraction of
a penny.
It's like, it can really only go up.
I mean, it's just, it is very volatile.
It's going up and down, but you just buy sell.
I mean, I don't know, this is more interesting for me, like considering that, like when the
lottery was up to a billion dollars, like I can, I can remember how many lottery tickets
I bought each week that came, I'm like, damn, I could just put that money into the stock
market.
At least that's a little bit more, you know, that's it.
And by the way, you have chatters that are advising you against the Doge thing, but you
know, make your own decision.
But I didn't really finish my thought, but I will say, uh, I did not get into the stock
thing.
I got into the first cryptocurrency this week and it was not Doge.
It was different one.
Um, but I, you know, I made my own, I kind of did my own research and made my own decision.
I didn't spend a lot, but it was, it's just, it's exactly Loki's reasoning right there
that, that's 50 bucks right now, it's because they're blocking people from buying it right
now.
The apps that used to like Robinhood, another app that you can buy Doge in, they block people
from buying Doge right now.
And a lot of, I know AMC is down a little bit as well.
But once again, I don't invest money that I don't expect to lose if, if it, if we lose
it, we lose it.
You know, that was my thing.
That's the point.
I put in 50 bucks, which would have been my Reno gambling money in a, in a normal world.
You know, I'm not putting in a ton of money.
I know better than that.
I'm just saying it's, it's money that like, it's not going to make a, it's no big deal
if I lose it.
Yeah.
And Bobby and Chats says, yeah, I'm considering learning about the stock market in the same
way I go to a casino.
I set aside money and I say, I will never see this money again and use that.
And Quest Buster says, Loki is investing right.
Don't invest in anything that you can't afford to lose.
And so Jamie, you're saying, I don't want to lose anything, so I'm just not playing
this game.
And that's fine too.
I know, I know that, that mine is invested in a very stable business that is not losing
money in most of its markets, that has split several times in the last few years and the
value has of course gone up incredibly.
So yeah, I'm pretty happy and, and for the record, I do all of my buying and selling
through E-Trade.
So yeah.
And I have, I've used one of those micro investing apps.
I'm not going to give them a free ad, but basically it's one of those apps where you
put a little bit of money into it and they, it's a little bit more of a traditional like
stock portfolio type of thing.
But again, that's money that would have been extra Starbucks trips during the workday that
I'm not doing right now.
So there's that.
And yeah, I have a 401k and I've had one for a while, so.
Like Bobby was saying, there's companies that also pay dividends, which mine is set up that
way.
And my dividends get reinvested into the same stock.
I mean, I could put it in something else if I wanted to, or I could cash that out if I
wanted to.
But I'll tell you what, you know, having that money there from my payouts has been, it saved
our tail a couple of times, you know, when we needed that money and we made sure that
we, you know, and the thing is, is that the company, as I said before, it's the company
I work at, which no one gets to know.
But because it's so stable and performing so well, I can basically say, okay, I need
three grand for this and I can go in there and get that three grand and it will have
refilled itself in three to six months.
So or replaced itself.
Well, I mean, I will say this, too, about all this story and everything is that I think,
you know, through this whole experience, and I think video games are to credit in part
for this.
Yes, we all learned about the stock market and economics in high school, but how much
did we really get practical knowledge and use it until the year we were all stuck at
home and had to play Animal Crossing because there was nothing else to do?
And which honestly, it hasn't ended.
I mean, I realize some parts of the country people think it has, but it hasn't.
The lights at the end of the tunnel, we're not there yet.
But I almost wonder how much of that kind of enabled some of this.
And now with this all over and this getting meme-ified all over Twitter, all over Facebook,
all over social media, I really think we're moving towards something where you're going
to see more common people that are investing in the stock market through these apps and
things that let you kind of cherry pick what you want to do.
I think it's and I think video games are a big part of that.
They really are.
So, yeah.
So when I was in my economics class, we had to do that stock market thing, create portfolio.
So I spent all my money on penny stocks and then they doubled in price and I made a ton
of money.
So I'm doing the same thing.
You know what we did?
Good luck.
What did you do?
We invested in Intel in 94 and in a funeral home and I'll tell you why.
Keep in mind, this is Jamie the Goth and the funeral home was my idea.
It was like a company of funeral homes, like a franchise, but kind of.
I was like, look, people die every day.
They're always going to have business.
I've never seen a funeral home, at least any type of related chain, a funeral home ever
go out of business.
I don't want to be disgusting, but you can't help but notice, especially with this past
year and everything that's happened.
Like if you owned a lot of those stocks, you're probably doing pretty well.
Or if you were in the government and bought in on like, was it, I think there was some
of the PPE and body bags and stuff like that.
They were investing in that because they knew that the numbers were going to go up.
I mean, it's gross.
I'm sorry, but that's the reality.
Anyway, I always half wondered if the tyrant had investments in that, and that's why we
never had a lot of our, any good legislation on it, but that was a little conspiracy of mine.
If only we could actually investigate those types of things, but anyhow, we won't go there.
Anyway, I'm looking forward to the eighth and I'll leave it at that.
So anything else we want to say about the stonks and all that, and that goes for you
guys in chat as well.
Yeah, Bobby's saying, I should have invested in zoom a year ago.
I don't think they had their IPO yet at that time, but certainly comparable companies,
WebEx, you know, Cisco.
One thing I need to repeat what Bobby said, because this is very important, is that we
are not financial advisors.
We don't do any of that.
You know, that's not what we do.
We're not giving legal advice.
We're not giving financial advice.
So do what you will with what we say.
This is our opinion on the matter.
You know, so again, do what you will with what we've shared with you, with our experiences
on it, but certainly educate yourself completely before you dive into something like this.
Just don't do it on a whim.
Yeah.
It's sad that we need that disclaimer, but I understand why completely.
So I would hope all that's obvious.
Yes, of course we are not financial advisors.
We're just, we're just schmoes in our basement, but, um, so are all the people that are starting
a wall street revolution right now.
So congrats.
Let's just be honest.
Like I, like the whole reason I played a lot of, cause I know it's like an insanely, no
way you're going to win any of that stuff, but like, I'm just like at that point right
now with my job and everything, like, I just don't want to do it anymore.
I just don't want to do work anymore.
My mom always said, my mom always said it costs a dollar to dream.
So go get the lotto ticket.
And so like at this point, like I just want to have an active, like just something that
I'm doing to try to make things better.
Like I get it.
Like, yeah, you could lose some money on stuff, but if you do, like, if you just be careful
with what you're doing and you don't try to overextend yourself, then maybe you can make
some small gains here and there and stuff.
And maybe you do get lucky with some of this stuff.
It's ironic because I actually thought about investing in GameStop a while back because
I was like, well, maybe I should throw some money in the stock market because my 401k
portfolio is not doing that, you know, hot, you know, why not?
And their stock's pretty cheap.
So should have done that, but oh, well, what are you going to do?
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go ahead and move on.
Let's talk about other things that we escape to when we don't want to work anymore.
And that is video games.
So let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks.
So dark soccer, I'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
Well, lots of Animal Crossing, duh.
I also got Cyber Shadow, which is sort of like a Revenge of the Ninja by the same folks
that did Shovel Knight.
It definitely has that same kind of feel to it, but it's definitely, definitely a little
bit of a pissy game.
You know, there's some cheap kills in there, but your save points are pretty, I'd say pretty
well spread apart.
The fights for the bosses are fairly interesting.
It's got some very cool mechanics and some bonuses in there.
The story is pretty okay so far.
Dan, of course, has been playing it a lot more than I have.
So it's sort of like if I start playing a game and then I sit down to watch Dan play
it, it's like, oh, I won't play anymore, you know?
But it's a really good game.
Absolutely worth checking out.
20 bucks on Switch right now on electronic download.
And so there's a pretty rich been it.
I'm still playing Boardscapes, which, you know, it's just a good waste of time.
So about it, I'm actually been going back and looking at Saturn games.
There's this thing that's kind of like an EverDrive for Saturn where you, I think you
switch it out in part for the graphic card port on the back of it.
And then you load ROMs on it like you would in EverDrive.
I have to look it up again.
It's like 200 bucks.
But I'm kind of thinking about it because we have a lot of Saturn games and of course
I don't want anything to happen to them.
But it also means that I can play translated versions of games that I own that I've never
finished because my reading comprehension level in Japanese was not great.
So if I find the name of it again, I'll link it in chat, but we've been watching a lot
of like Saturn reviews and things like that.
So that's really where it stuck into my head.
Just throwing that out there.
It's not really what I'm playing, but what I have in mind to play.
All right.
All right.
Oh, and I did play Pirates of the Caribbean pinball.
So I did play some pinball.
Did you get one of those in your house?
Yeah.
One of the Jersey Jack ones.
Oh, nice.
It's in Dan's office.
Wow.
How many machines do you have in your house right now?
In the house?
Physically in the house, four.
And then another six or seven in the garage.
I think we still own like 15.
I consider that part of the house.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, I'm just trying to think about it legitimately.
Like my world cup is off at Dan's friends to be shopped.
We just got back shadow.
So yeah, Dan put that in the hallway, which completely annoys me, but whatever.
Yeah, we've loaned out a few and we have a few and there's some that I really wish I
could get rid of because I don't like them and I want money.
Actually the thing is, is that I'm really ready to like get rid of about four tables
and move the ones that are in the house outside.
Like maybe keep theater of magic in the house, but that's about it.
Theater and world cup should stay in the house forever because they're my babies.
You know, would it be fair to say, I mean, I know you kind of said that you don't do
a lot with stock or cryptocurrency outside of your one preferred stock, but would it
be fair to say that maybe where you do invest money is pinball tables?
I mean, cause you kind of take them in, make them better, trade them, flip them, whatever.
I mean, it's kind of what you're doing a little bit.
Yeah.
It's not really necessary for hobby, for fun, not for money, I guess.
It's like the restoration business, you know, and, and the values of things go up and down.
That's really just going to be not, not stock, not really like stocks, but just more of knowing
your market.
We, you know, try to have the best thing that's out on the market.
I guess it's very rudimentary capitalism where you take your, your product or in, or in some
cases, you know, the components of a product, put it together into your product and then
you sell it.
Or, you know, people who flip houses, that's the same thing.
Buy them cheap, fix them cheap, sell them high.
Car flipping.
There's people who do that.
My, one of my exes used to do that with seventies Oldsmobiles.
Yep.
Now, if he can find me a 1970 422, then I'm down for that, but the thing is, is that with
our network for, for a pinball is that we do have the ability to say, I don't have this,
but I know who does.
And we kind of scratch each other's backs in the community.
I mean, there are some really cutthroat people, but for the most part, it's more of a, a community
level thing.
You know, if we've put in work to it, but a good buddy is like, Hey, you know, I really
been looking for, I'm going to throw something out.
I've really been looking for doctor who, and I see yours is in really great shape.
I know you just shopped it.
We can say, well, you're a good guy and there's a chance we'll get it back from you.
So we'll sell it to you for, for what we paid for it.
Plus the repairs, you know, and not make a profit on it, but we know we have a chance
of playing that again.
Cause it's at someone's house.
So it's really more like community oriented.
It's not quite the same, but it's similar enough to, yeah, Dan wouldn't let me sell
my doctor who sorry, Bobby, um, to see a Tiberian chat says Jamie flipping tables, kinda literally.
I mean, in a way I, Hey look, one day, one day I will have my baby Pac-Man table one
day, but step, step, small steps.
One day, if we are going to sell that table, I am going to insist that it be to you.
Okay.
All right.
We got to move on though.
We could, we could do a whole podcast on pinball table, uh, um, maintenance.
I'm kind of surprised Jamie doesn't have one, but maybe someday, uh, but for now let's move
on with other,
I'm not good at that.
Dan does that shit.
All right.
Uh, you, well then you do the production, you get him to be the expert and you're the,
you're the host.
All right.
Um, now, uh, I'll tell you Jack danger does that, uh, already better than I do.
So okay.
Fair enough.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
So go ahead and give some kudos to dead flip podcast and his live stream.
You want to watch some good pinball, check out dead flip.
All right.
They didn't even pay for that spot.
All right.
Low key.
He's a good guy.
He helped me decide on Dan's Christmas present.
That's fair.
Uh, low key.
How was your game week?
Um, so I didn't play a whole ton because I've been working on my game, so I did play a lot
of mobile stuff.
So, um, I've been switching between like Pokemon go and Minecraft earth and Orna.
Just depending on where I'm at, usually cause I run out of things to do in one of those.
And so I switched to the other one, uh, so I've been doing that and then, um, I picked
up an, an original NES this week.
Um, so that should be coming pretty soon.
Uh, so I can test, you know, the games actually burn with my, um, you know, ROM burner.
So, uh, you know, game prep prepared for the physical copies of a pixel poops number two.
And, uh, yeah, and also we're set to launch on the 10th of February.
So just working towards that, just trying to get everything done.
Wait, wait, we're set to launch on the 10th of February, meaning your, your NES ROM or
like your game.
Yeah.
So like a pixel poops to, um, the pixel poops on steam and the, the, uh, pixel poop 64 should
all be February 10th.
Oh, I didn't know you were all aiming for the same day.
Okay.
Wow.
That's amazing.
Well, good luck.
All right.
Couple more weeks.
Yeah.
I've, I've been playing, um, the beta thanks to Y Y R given those codes in our discord
at vog network.com slash discord.
Um, and, uh, it's, it's fun.
It's it, it has a lot, I mean, for as silly as the name is and the concept and everything,
there is something, it really has like that Atari 2,600, like very simple game, but can
get very difficult, very fast type of charm to it.
Like I didn't even realize that he kind of built something into it where like, once you
get a certain score, it gets a lot harder because the there'll be some different types
of walking.
I don't want to ruin it all, but, uh, it's, uh, yeah, it's, it's, it really invokes a
lot of what made those old Atari 2,600 games fun.
So, um, check it out, uh, when it hits steam or get on our discord and get the, get the
peekaboo a little bit early.
All right.
Um, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says I didn't get a code because I'm going to buy it instead.
I'll, I'll still throw, I think it's actually going to be free to play.
I'll still throw money at the DLC or I'll gift it to somebody.
That's what I did with the last game that he gave me a code for.
I, I just get, I bought it for somebody else that I thought would like it.
So, all right.
Um, let's see other, uh, stuff for my gaming week.
Honestly, I've had kind of a slower week when it comes to games as well.
I've been playing a little bit of Pokemon, meaning, uh, shield continuing with the DLC,
but also, um, Pokemon go quite a bit, uh, was working.
I've done all four weeks of the collection challenge and Pokemon go.
So, uh, been doing that and that's fun.
Um, and, uh, otherwise, as far as, uh, other games I've been playing Final Fantasy 14 a
lot, that's pretty much been most of the bulk of my gaming time, uh, continuing the online
adventures there.
There's a tiny patch coming on Tuesday.
That's going to allow the blue mage job to go up to 70.
So that's really exciting.
And then they're going to do something called the relic weapon, which is like the, uh, a
really fancy, you know, uh, weapon you have to work really hard to get.
They're kind of putting another step into that for another upgrade.
So that should be fun as well.
And then there are big announcements for Final Fantasy 14 on Friday.
They're actually doing a big stream where they're going to, uh, assumably unveil the
next expansion because we were supposed to have fan fest, uh, in San Diego this year
in October, but obviously thanks to, uh, miss Rona, we didn't have that, uh, anything.
So this is kind of like the assumed makeup for some of that.
So we're getting that on Friday.
I really wanted to co-stream it, um, with some of my Final Fantasy buddies.
Uh, but we don't know if legally Square is allowing that.
So unfortunately we're erring on the side of, um, we'll just watch ourselves and I'll
be here to comment on it on Sunday.
But if I find out that they allow co-streams of it, then, um, stay tuned to our Twitter,
uh, either over at twitter.com slash OLR for the show or twitter.com slash vog network
for the network, uh, for any updates and last minute things that are plotted.
If I find out that Square does indeed allow the co-streaming of that sort of thing.
And if anybody happens to know that in our chat, um, let me know.
Cause I'd be very thankful to know that information.
All right.
Uh, but that's really it for my gaming week otherwise.
So let's get into some news and we'll go to Loki for our first story tonight.
Yeah, let's talk about Amazon game studios.
I haven't really heard too much about them.
Um, and apparently the reason why is because they're having some issues.
Um, so according to a report by Bloomberg, there's been some serious, um, stuff going
on behind the scenes at, uh, Amazon game studio.
So right now, um, they had conducted about 30 interviews with former Amazon employees
and talked about some of the stuff going on behind the scenes.
So for example, they said, uh, the game that they're working on new world, uh, which
apparently you play as a colonists in the fictionalized 17th century America.
Um, they says the enemy designs born uncomfortable similarity with two native Americans.
And after they had hired a tribal consultant, they found that indeed it was offensive.
So that, that pushed back the release, uh, from August of 2020 to now some time in the spring.
Uh, also you had, you know, courses like bro culture that's going on, which we've heard
a lot in different companies, but apparently that's still something that they're, um, dealing
with there as well.
And apparently following a disagreement with a male employee, uh, of senior leadership,
one of the women that was, uh, interviewed, he made up some new position above her and
hired men into those roles.
Um, apparently the leader of the entire games division has never made a video game before.
And he's basically frustrated developers with, um, basic takes and had, they said,
troubling differentiating between gameplay and concept footage.
Um, they were forcing everybody into that, uh, proprietary lumber yard, uh, program that
they had to develop games in.
So their game engine, and apparently that was a little bit difficult as well, but now
that they have this new guy on board from take two, he's kind of eased that mandate,
but that did cause some issues as well.
So it's just been kind of, uh, not smooth.
Um, so yeah, I don't know.
I'm curious to see what, what they come out with, but like right now, I mean, to me, it's
almost like stadia where they have like these stadia developed games, but like, where are
these?
I mean, we haven't really seen anything from them.
Yeah.
Um, fifth dream in chat says, sounds like a winner all around.
And by that, I mean, close Amazon games and give up.
Um, quest buster says they hired some top shelf names to work on their products too.
And most, if not all of them left.
Uh, and then let's see, uh, this is a newer chatter.
So welcome a dragon.
Summer.
It's blue on black on my screen, so I can't even read it, but thank you.
Jamie says, um, that lumberyard engine is a disaster too.
It was cry engine, but then all torn apart.
It's such a shame.
So, um, yeah, there's a lot of, uh, issues going on with the Amazon thing and it almost
makes you wonder if they're ever going to get a game out.
I mean, yes, I know new world is like, but like, like legit, actually like have a game
out.
It's, uh, doesn't, doesn't seem too promising over there.
I didn't have high expectations.
Yeah.
So womp, womp.
All right.
Well, another game, I don't think people necessarily had a high, high expectations for this game,
but it's interesting to hear that it's doing, uh, well enough.
And that is the game, the medium.
This seems like a game I want to check this game out because I guess it's supposed to
be like a psychological game, but not gross.
Like it kind of invokes silent Hill.
And, uh, I mean, so far as the fact that Akira Yamaoka does some of the music in it
and, uh, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn apparently sings some songs in it.
So, I mean, talk about a throwback to silent Hill, but it's the game, but I I'm told do
not expect it to be silent Hill or you will be disappointed.
So I want to make sure that is appropriately communicated as well.
Um, but it is a game called the medium and the medium came out on PC and X-Box and apparently,
uh, via an interview with money.pl, which is a Polish website regarding of course, money,
uh, the studio who developed, uh, the medium has said it has already made back its money
for development and marketing costs.
So anything from here out is pure profit.
It's, uh, interesting to note that the medium is a day one X-Box game pass game.
And this is how a lot of people are discovering it.
And I know that's one reason why it's kind of on my radar right now as well as it's like,
Oh, it's a psychological kind of thriller game and I don't have to pay extra money for it.
Uh, on top of what I'm already paying for game pass.
So it's interesting to hear that that is already successful.
Some folks are kind of taking that a step further to be like, this is,
this is an example of how game pass is successful for a lot of games right now.
Um, and so this being more of a fringe title,
not sure that people would have dropped $60 to experiment on this game and figure it out.
But with game pass, you got a lot more that are willing to take the risk.
So it's, it's very interesting to hear that it's been successful.
I mean, breaking even the first week sounds pretty successful to me,
that it's all going to be profit from here on out,
especially if they end up releasing a version on switch.
I don't know if that's technically possible,
but releasing a version on PlayStation later and who knows what.
So, um, by the way, if you weren't already aware,
X-Box game pass has 15 million subscribers.
So pretty neat.
Uh, those of you that are listening live,
they have any of you out there checked out the medium.
So, um, uh, dragon semi says, uh, medium screams, silent hill and free on game pass.
Uh, game pass is nailing it so much right now,
other than the X-Box gold price increase the X-Box retracted.
Yeah, we talked about that a little bit on last week's show.
That was not a great look, but at the end of the day, at least they've retracted.
Um, even if they maybe showed their ass a little bit, uh,
I think game pass is still the place to be at least for now.
We will see what develops over the next year.
Are they going to do price increase on game pass?
I suppose it's inevitable, but I don't think they can really get away with it
until they've got their halo and they've got more of those series X.
Um, I don't want to say exclusive cause I know that's not their plan,
but series X like focused, I guess games, uh, would really,
I think help sell that a little bit.
Uh, pod culture says medium is a rare game that is well done.
I see what you did there like that.
Uh, as John Hunter Matt says, it's on my list of things to try next.
I just signed up for game pass.
So yeah, I want to check that out as well.
Um, I was listening to Bobby cause he's on before us, of course,
here at VOG Network and he was talking about a patent that that game has,
where I guess apparently you actually control a character
in kind of two places at once.
Like there's a normal realm and a spirit realm type of thing
that you're kind of controlling the character.
Sounds like a neat mechanic.
So I, uh, I want to check that out.
So pretty cool.
All right.
Uh, let's move on dark Sakura, something that's been getting
a lot of buzz this week, right?
So yeah.
Um, Konami, uh, did, uh, some basic restructuring, um, by dissolving,
uh, well, it's, it's announced that it played a dissolve three production
divisions to, uh, adapt to the market.
Um, and they put this out on the economy's corporate, uh, website,
but this made people think that they were going to be shutting down
their video game division.
And they say, this is not the case.
Um, they are very insistent on it.
The quote States, the announcement, uh, made refers to an internal
restructure with production divisions being consolidated.
We have not quote shut down our video game, our video gaming division.
So we'll see.
I mean, Konami hasn't really been putting out a whole lot in the way
of games.
I mean, just like metal gear and some reissues of earlier games.
Um, the, uh, the only game I think right now in production is PES 2022.
Um, and there's rumors of a silent Hill game, but we don't know.
I wouldn't hedge a lot of money on that.
I'd be very surprised.
I think if the Konami, you know, digital thing, you know, for the games
division is still around, hopefully, and I really think this is the best
case scenario.
They're licensing out a lot of their IPs to other companies, hopefully.
And I think we also know that in Japan, um, they're still doing, you know,
cause this game is rooted in like Bamani stuff and some of those, um, uh,
more like evergreen, always services online in Japan that they've been
doing.
You know, the, the, uh, there's a beat mania 2DX online, Infinitas, whatever
is the thing.
And they've, they've got, I think sound voltex has one pop music has one.
I think a lot of those games kind of have one.
So, um, I think that's something they're still invested in as well.
So I w I wouldn't look to other companies to develop music games,
unfortunately.
Um, but I think some of these other ones, I wouldn't you love it if they
would let somebody else work on a Castlevania or a silent Hill?
I don't know.
Well, they had a good shot of good silent Hill game and then fucked them
up.
Fucked, uh, uh, true.
That like words Kojima.
Ah, yes.
I can't make words happen.
They fucked Kojima over.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah, I wouldn't hold your breath on anything that exciting coming.
Um, I maybe some more like retro types of collections, but I don't know.
They've been doing already.
So like I said, I don't see anything particularly new for the console market
and retro can only take you so far.
Plus you have to remember a lot.
Like let's say they let another developer make a new Castlevania.
Oh, here's a game that I played this week.
I totally, cause I played it on Sunday after OLR.
So I forgot about it during my gaming week, but, uh, bloodstained
ritual of the night has that classic mode that I checked out and boy.
Oh boy.
Is it just Castlevania?
The like, it's exactly what it's not even shy about it.
It's just like, I'm not even talking about them.
I'm talking about the classic mode is like old school Castlevania, like
vampire Hunter, like that old school, you know, original game.
Uh, and it's, it's fun.
It's great.
It's well done.
But it also really makes you realize like, okay, even if Konami suddenly
did another Castlevania game, Igarashi has clearly moved on and is doing his
own thing.
So the Castlevania you're going to get, it's going to be different.
Now different can go both ways.
I don't think different actually automatically has to be a negative.
Um, unfortunately you look at Konami and you look at some of their
choices, um, like the Contra game that came out recently, which honestly,
I guess Dark Tetsuya was a fan, but a lot of people I've kind of seen
online are like that game was, that was Contra full of choices.
Um, and so, you know, it didn't did it up so well.
Um, but if they let somebody else do a Castlevania, you know, the right
company might actually be able to do it very well.
Somebody like, um, the people that have been doing the blaster master reboots
have been knocking it out of the park.
So why not let them do it?
Is that way forward or who's actually developing that?
But they're, they're knocking it out of the park, honestly.
So, all right.
Um, going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, uh, Kate
Catastrophe asks, which company is worse, Konami or EA?
Um, both for different reasons.
That's a very hard question.
Um, they both have done some, I mean, it's hard.
I think it's, it's, or I should say it's easy for me to want to say Konami.
Cause I don't really care about the sports games.
So whatever.
I mean, there is mass effect.
So I guess I have that involved with EA.
But with Konami, you look at how they've tripped over themselves time and time again.
And this show is really rooted in like music games, Maimani and all that.
That's, you know, where our name came from and what we talked about for the
first couple of years of the show and so on was really that culture.
So to see like that whole thing, Konami is really, I mean, I know DDR is still
around kinda, and I know it still has a loyal following.
I know there's other podcasts that are now doing what we did the first two
years of our show where they're talking about like DDR culture, music and
culture and stuff, which is great.
More props to them.
But I just feel like it could have been so much more.
It could have been so much more.
And I think Guitar Hero and Rockband and that whole, you know, uh, thing that
kind of came and went, I think shows that Konami could have done more than
just like Rock Revolution, which was their answer to all that at the same time.
That was awful.
Yeah, but that's, that was their solution to how are we going to go
up against Guitar Hero and Rockband.
And it was a terrible idea.
It was a terrible idea.
And then after that they had Beaten Groovy.
So I mean, like choices.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on Loki.
Yeah.
So Valve is facing a lawsuit over, uh, apparently issues with the Steam
controller and that it's design actually was patented by somebody else.
So this is, um, regarding a third-party controller maker SCUF that says back
in 2014, that the design for the Steam controller was infringing on the,
uh, Ironbird, Ironberg patents, but they went ahead with the design anyways.
Um, and apparently the patent is regarding the rear side triggers.
They said that that's, um, which is on, I guess, opposite side of the pads.
So what I'm guessing is it's not like your normal trigger buttons, but like
those under controller triggers that you have on some of these, um, you know,
fancier buttons, I think they have like on the, uh, pro controller and stuff
like that from the Xbox pro controller or whatever.
Um, but yeah, so apparently they were filing a lawsuit regarding that.
I don't know.
The controller sucks.
So whatever.
But, um, it's kind of a little late for that.
They've already discontinued the controller and I don't think that they
made much money off of that.
It's gonna be hard to argue, uh, losses on that, but we'll see what happens.
Settlement.
I'm guessing.
Did you hear about the other lawsuit and saw involving valve about, um, was it,
no, we had the geo blocking a couple of weeks ago, but there was another one
about, um, their contract clause about that.
Um, you have to, if you could put your game up for sale on steam, which I
think the lawsuit, I think was trying to claim that steam kind of has a sense
of a monopoly on the market when it comes to PC, um, that it has to be
lowest price on steam, even if, so you can't put it like lower price on
humble, or if it goes on sale somewhere else, you have to put on sale on steam
too, which I, I kind of thought, and again, I don't have the story in front
of me.
Um, maybe some of you in chat recall this a little better than I do.
Um, but I, I seem to think like.
Didn't, doesn't Amazon have a controversial thing like this too?
When it comes to their store, um, at least when it comes to mobile apps, I
know was a thing.
Um, cause that was a very controversial sounds vaguely familiar.
Yeah.
Um, I'm not sure, but yeah, I could, I could see them kind of doing something
like that or not even necessarily just, you know, valve, but like, I think, you
know, a lot of different mobile storefronts and stuff possibly have
similar types of requirements.
Yeah.
Just for fair competition, they'll wedge.
Now Questbuster wants to point out in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog
network.
When it comes to the controller lawsuit, um, it does not appear to be patent
trolls that are doing this.
Um, it's saying not surprisingly, also surprisingly, excuse me, not patent
troll that is suing.
They actually make specialty controllers.
They're part of the company that make the scuff controllers that go for nearly
200 bucks on Amazon.
So, um, it seems like, you know, unfortunately we hear a lot about patent
trolls.
Um, but this may be somebody that actually does have an interest in this
yet again, kind of like Loki was saying these controllers have kind of come and
gone anyway.
So it's interesting.
That's happening.
Yeah.
These interesting looking controllers there.
Yeah.
I like, I like the fancy designs that they have for them.
Yeah.
Those analog sticks look pretty nice.
Why they're 200 bucks.
Right.
Well, I, you know, I want to say I've used something similar to this.
Like they actually had, and I don't remember this as the same company, but I
remember those types of little, uh, triggers that they had, but they had a
long time ago.
It was this thing you can like strap onto your, uh, Xbox controller.
Cause I actually had one that I got as like a, a promo thing or something.
And it was weird.
Like you could basically just strap it on.
It looks like this giant spider thing on top of your controller that adds like
all these different buttons and stuff that you basically just pull and push
different, uh, buttons on the actual controller, but they put them in
different places.
It was really weird, but yeah, it kind of looks like that, but I guess now
they've refined it quite more than that's, you know, spider thing that was
on there.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's move on a few more stories for you guys before we get to the
classic game of the week.
And, uh, first let's talk about this because this is a story about a mod, um,
that came out recently and it's, it's gone through a lot.
Um, so this is a mod for fallout new Vegas that was really going to be
transformative of the entire game.
Um, fallout, the frontier is the name of this mod and it did release on January
15th.
And, uh, it was so popular when it first came out because again, this has been
something that's been in development for a long time and a lot of people were
involved with this.
Um, you know, uh, doing, you know, fan art and, um, you know, all this stuff.
So, um, anyhow, the mod came out, it crashed nexus mods because it got 82,000
downloads the day it came out.
And then, uh, a lot of stuff started coming out about it.
Uh, in, in kind of most notably, I should say there was, uh, one of the mod
developers got ejected from the team because of some pedophilic content that
they had been, uh, posting you.
Yeah, exactly.
Big you.
Right.
Uh, and then a few hours after that, the entire mod was taken offline.
So yeah, big you.
And you know that that is gross and all that stuff.
But as I mentioned earlier, there's all these people involved with a mod.
Right.
And so this person just basically sank the entire ship right now.
I'm hearing a lot.
I haven't played the mod myself.
I'm hearing a lot of it is, um, there's some kind of strange content in there
and I'm going to leave it at that.
Um, some of it makes sense in the fallout universe.
Some of it, like, um, you know, uh, the sex with the death claw doesn't
necessarily make sense.
Um, but, uh, you know what, people do nude mods for games.
So if people want to have sex with the death claw, okay, whatever, I guess.
Uh, it also should be pointed out that the discord for this ended up getting
raided by 4chan, which certainly didn't help.
And now you've got all these people that were involved with the project that
are getting docs and all this other stuff.
And it's just, I don't, you know, like, again, no, no money was to, um, be made
off this whole thing.
So, um, I don't know what point they're going to make with that whole thing.
I mean, yes, go after the guy that did the pedophilia, but I don't know.
But again, I haven't played the mod myself, so I can't say much more than
that.
Uh, looking at chat over twitch.tv slash vog network, SSG100Matt says macho man
death claws though.
Oh yeah.
So maybe they were just waiting for the mod to the mod that would turn the death
claws into something else.
I see.
That was just forward thinking is what that was.
I see.
I see.
Questbuster says they can party with the macho man dragons in Skyrim.
Mm hmm.
All right.
Ooh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Anyway, um, you know, thoughts, thoughts to those that, you know, maybe got
involved with the project that didn't know the type of people that were on the
team.
Um, that's unfortunate.
All right.
Moving on though, let's go to our next story.
Uh, Dark Soccer, I think it's yours.
All right.
Well, I love Sega as has been proved with a chart recently.
Thanks, Rob, for letting me know about that.
Um, but anyway, um, Sega is going through a split, um, with its amusement and
video game divisions.
Um, it is definitely leading to some rumors that, uh, Sega may be in
pre-acquisition mode, I guess.
Um, so basically, um, those two divisions, um, are, uh, are basically being split
again.
Like I said, um, the CCO, um, uh, Toshihiro Nagoshi is, uh, going to be creative
director effective on April 1st.
That ain't no joke y'all.
Um, but they will remain under the ownership of Sega Sammy.
Um, and the quote is that it's intended to accelerate global business development
by streamlining their structure and accelerate decision-making.
So they, the other mention on this is that it's intended to transform Sega's
business structure to adapt to the external environment.
But the rumor is still that they are in prime position to be acquired.
Um, there are certainly rumors about Microsoft.
There's even talk of Nintendo.
Which if anyone was going to acquire Sega, I would want it to be Nintendo, which
would be ironic.
That would be super ironic.
Yeah, that'd be interesting.
Yeah.
Like if I could time travel to, you know, high school me and go, Hey, guess what?
Nintendo owns Sega.
People would look at me like I, you know, suddenly grew three, three.
I know it's, it's this ludicrous.
It's the talk of, you know, Super Mario Brothers is going to come out for
PlayStation five.
Like the, the reaction you would have to that statement now is the reaction we
would have had in college too.
Nintendo is, uh, in talks to buy Sega rumor, you know, even, it's just like,
no, they're, come on.
That's ridiculous.
Yeah, but it is, uh, not super ridiculous in today's understanding.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Um, and it's just been the slow decline of Sega, you know, but, oh, actually,
which reminds me of another game that I played, Rob.
I played crazy taxi on my iPad and it had the full sound.
I had the full soundtrack.
Good.
Yeah.
So, and anyway, I don't know why I didn't think about it until just now, but
Sega, Sega.
Um, tiger con chat says, I don't know about that.
If Nintendo owns Sega and Nintendo would shut down all these Sonic fan
games and don't give them ideas.
And there's, there's certainly been the rumors about Microsoft for a long
time.
And then fantasy star online agreement or a faster online to excuse me,
agreement happened.
And that just put fuel on the fire.
So that would be an interesting one too.
Wouldn't it?
So yeah, yeah, I'd be very, I mean, I also am a big fan of Sega doing their
own thing.
I don't really like all these mega companies that are ending up, but if it
has to be bought, it's going to be interesting either way that goes.
If it isn't intent, I mean, I would rather see Sega go to a company like
Microsoft or Nintendo than, um, Konami or EA.
Oh, don't let, don't let EA do a hostile takeover of that one.
I would rather see people leave some of the big companies just for the sake
of building up Sega.
Yeah.
And make it a powerhouse again.
That would be wishful thinking, but it would be nice, uh, pod culture and chat
says, imagine the Nintendo Dreamcast.
Hey, the Dreamcast mini could be a reality.
I've already seen it.
Remember when they, uh, they recompiled Mario 64 for the Dreamcast.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's already a thing.
I'd love, I'd love that if, uh, even if Microsoft did it, that they would
invest in some of those Sega properties again, it'd be amazing.
All right, let's move on a few more stories for you.
Loki.
Yeah.
So we just got an update for Animal Crossing because, you know, there's more
holidays right around the corner.
So there was an update on the 28th of January.
That's supposed to be prepping us for Valentine's day game day,
Groundhog day and FestiVale.
And FestiVale, well, it's spelled FestiVale.
Okay.
So welcome to FestiVale.
Except that it's, it's a foreign word.
So.
Fine.
Whatever.
I don't care.
They've got the twerking, uh, peacock there, you know, whatever you want to call it.
It doesn't matter.
Peacock festival.
Yes.
Pave.
Pave.
Um, so that's going to be, I heard his name was Gay Rights.
Cause that's all I've heard about this event is that it's Gay Rights.
I love Pave.
I haven't seen the event yet.
I am starting, uh, starting tomorrow.
They're going to have a brand new set of outfits that are going to be available
and new reactions, including feeling it.
Let's go Viva and confetti.
That'd be fun.
Confetti would be fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, um, yeah, so lots of new stuff I've been trying to get my, well, um, my wife's been
trying to get my son to play it because I know that's my cat.
Hi Stella.
She's being loud.
She knows that.
Um, what do you want?
Um, so anyways, yeah, new holiday stuff.
I'm still waiting for March when we're supposed to get that, the Nintendo stuff.
That's really the only thing I'm interested in.
I think that's coming up later.
If anyone wants to know right now, you seasonal items are out.
Um, they do have like a football rug and a glittery megaphone, I guess for the
stupor bowl.
Um, and then there's also the sets of Boon, uh, set where you throw out the beans for
sets of Boon.
So all right.
Pretty cool.
I like that we actually get all the international stuff.
Yeah, that is nice that we, it's not like locked to certain countries or whatever.
So yes, for those that are watching live, unfortunately it doesn't translate well into
the podcast, but Loki picked up the kitty and now the kitty just meow right in the mic.
She sure did.
Well, this where every kitty has a voice, I'd rather hear what that cat has to say than
some Twitter users.
That's for sure.
Probably a better opinion too.
All right.
All right.
What is your stance on cat food?
I'm for it.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, while Loki takes a minute to cuddle Stella there, uh, let's talk about Plex, the movie
company getting into gaming a little bit.
Uh, Plex is getting into a arcade service that they, I guess, unofficially launched this
week with some old school games.
So Plex is a media streaming service right now.
I think I've heard of this, but I can't say I've used it before.
Uh, and they do like TV and movies and audio and photos and things like that.
And now as of this week, they do Atari games.
If you subscribe to Plex arcade, you get Atari classics such as asteroids, missile command,
centipede.
There actually does appear to be a lot of them in here.
I'm just kind of looking through some of the screenshots.
A lot of the Atari classics are in there.
First party stuff.
You're not going to see the Activision stuff in there, like pitfall.
Um, and because that was, those are Activision games, just the first party Atari stuff.
Um, but they have stuff like I can see the 7,800 poking through where they have like
Ninja golf is actually there.
And I'm like, Oh dang, this is, those are some deep cuts in there.
Um, anyhow, you can stream the games, uh, with Android, uh, to Android mobile or TV,
iOS, or TV, iOS, or any Chrome browser and any Bluetooth controller will allow you to
play them.
But what's interesting about this, the Plex thing, which is either $3 a month, if you're
already a Plex Pass owner or $5 a month, if you don't have that, um, you, uh, can actually
load your own ROMs onto this.
And so that's the part that made me go, cause at first I'm like, okay, another company's
getting into retro gaming, whatever.
But then I was like, wait a minute.
They actually going to allow you to load your own ROMs and even like emulators into the
library.
That's the part where I'm like, and they're, they're paying you to do it, or I'm sorry,
you're paying them for the privilege to do it.
That part's very interesting.
But I guess because Plex is a server type of thing, it's just the ease of playing it
on your TV as opposed to, I don't know, having to set up a Raspberry Pi or whatever.
And then you are legally getting all these Atari licenses with that.
So that part's kind of interesting.
So, um, pod culture in chat says, uh, Zen, you are nuts.
Plex works just fine and looks okay.
Well, what did Zen say?
Oh, Zen says, Plex has an awful UI that barely works half the time and now they want to stream
games.
No, thank you.
Uh, Darkdude Studio says, the concept is neat, but I hear there's a lot of lag when you're
streaming, at least in the demo I saw from YouTube.
And Bexobaka says the games suffer from lag.
So, all right.
Hmm.
Why can't someone just bring back game room?
Yeah, right?
Seriously, like why would that be so difficult?
Like you would think that someone would be able to come up with the same concept that's
just like, okay, hey, yeah.
I have an arcade with stuff in it and, you know, I can outfit it with games that you
can play and stuff like that.
I don't know.
I have Antstream, which is pretty good.
Um, it's a lot of, uh, Commodore and Spectrum games and they're starting to get some Atari
games in it.
Um, disclosure, I back their Kickstarter.
That's why I'm still in it.
Cause I'm in my second year at this point.
I think my sub will finally run out this summer.
Um, I wish they'd get the client on Xbox series X though.
They only have it on Xbox one.
So it's weird to me that it's not on series X, but for whatever reason, it's not.
It's on PC as well, but it all, it streams everything.
Like it's, it's cloud gaming.
It's basically stadia, but since it's all classic games, there's very little bandwidth
actually being used because the resolution isn't that great.
Yeah.
And no, actually there's a little bit of artifacting sometimes, but for the most part, especially
in regards to being responsive and stuff, the game's fine.
They just added, um, classic Mortal Kombat not that long ago, like the original arcade
Mortal Kombat that kind of surprised me.
So there was that.
All right.
Well, speaking of classic arcades, let's visit the classic game of the week.
Every week, dark soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, Hey,
you brats, you should check this game out.
Uh, load this onto your Plex server.
Although this one might be a little bit difficult and this one, this is also, uh, one of those
choices, I think for its uniqueness.
Um, but I guess I should let dark soccer speak to that.
So dark soccer brought this up in the past.
You have.
So what is the classic game of the week, which might take a second for the B roll to appear
as I think I forgot to preload it.
Sorry, but it'll come right up.
Well, well, not that there's really a lot going on on that video.
I believe I linked to the Dreamcast one.
You did.
Um, cause the Saturn has no video, but the game is real sound cause they know regret
or wind of regret.
Um, it was an audio adventure game that was developed by warp.
It was first released on the Sega Saturn in July, 1997.
And later on the Dreamcast in 1999, real sound was supposed to provide equal access for sighted
and blind players.
Um, so, um, to go actually a little bit more itself, um, warp's president, uh, uh, Kenji
created the game after, uh, getting appreciation letters from, uh, blind fans of his games
in Japan.
And he was thinking that it would be great to have visually disabled fans have games
that would be rich and involved that they could play and get into.
I'm actually going to read a quote from 2008.
Um, and an interview with one up.
I had a chance to visit people who are visually disabled and I learned that there are blind
people who play action games.
Of course, they're not able to have the full experience and they're kind of trying to force
themselves to be able to play, but they're making the effort.
So I thought that if you turn off the monitor, both, both of you are hearing the same game.
So after you finish the game, you can have an equal conversation about it with blind
person.
That was the inspiration behind real sound cause I know regret as well.
So, um, he was really excited about it and he really pushed.
So, uh, and, and really a bargaining, uh, thing with Sega.
So, uh, he did that in exchange for exclusive rights to the game.
So they would donate a thousand Sega Saturn consoles to visually impaired people.
Um, and he also personally downloaded, uh, donated, sorry, a thousand copies of the game
along with the consoles.
Um, and it's only been re-released once, but he said that it has to do with that deal he
has with, uh, with Sega.
Um, he's, he's basically, it was the only thing that was limiting it that could only
be released on a Sega console.
So, um, it has, uh, actually pretty good voice cast in it, including, um, a really popular
drama actress, uh, Miho Kanno.
Um, Ai Maeda who has done some amazing voice acting, um, got, uh, actually a really good
composer, Keiichi Suzuki.
Um, he did, uh, uh, the blind swordsman, Datoichi and outrage.
Um, Aki Koyano did the ending theme.
Um, and the game was actually written by, uh, a, uh, a screenwriter, uh, Yuji Sakamoto,
um, really, really talented group of people that worked on it.
So basically, um, the plot is about central elements, fear and love in a story in Tokyo.
So, uh, there's an elementary student is moved to a new school where she has to join new
students and seated next to a boy.
Um, the two fall in love, but, and they're really young and they want to elope and they
arranged to meet at the clock tower, but, um, the girl Izumi never shows up as she's transferred
away and then they meet again as college students.
And so, um, they're dealing then with a mystery that has to do with the disappearance.
And so that's leading into the story of the game.
Um, and there are, by the way, translations, uh, online, um, for, uh, you can read.
Um, but it basically, um, there is a version, the Dreamcast one, uh, specifically that has
a visual mode that, um, it gives you like a little bit of extra, you know, scenery with
the game, but they both games still exclusively rely on the audio portions of the game.
Um, the, yeah, the Dreamcast visual mode is just really non-essential.
Um, and it's constructed as an interactive radio drama.
Um, so you're basically listening to the story as it unfolds and you have different forks
in your plot line and you get a chime and that you have to choose the course that the
plot will take.
Um, once you've confirmed your choice, then the plot resumes.
So it's actually a choose your own adventure kind of story.
Um, very, very unique.
Um, so, um, going further into it, the game really didn't sell very well.
Um, but it's really now considered, um, a collector's item because of Ena's other titles.
Um, they're, um, one of the cool things about this, especially for the collect, uh,
the collectability of it is that you get, um, like different, uh, instructions.
Like for example, in braille and you get seeds, a bag of herb seeds as they're listed, um,
and a transparent box of the cloud motif.
Um, I, I know someone who had, who had the seeds and that was what I brought up before.
You were talking about things that come with games.
Yeah.
You know, you could get a bag of seeds.
So, um, so a version of this game with only one path, um, errored, uh, on, uh, a Tokyo
FM in 1997, um, and then there were other games of his that were actually released by
Real Sound's gameplay.
For example, um, for Enemy Zero that came out in 97 on Saturn, there were enemies that
were invisible and could only be located by sound.
And D2, another of his games, 2000 on Dreamcast, uh, really drew from the limitations to your
sensory perceptions.
So there are portions of the game where the character is rendered blind with only a voice
to guide her.
And alternatively, she, uh, another mode, death, where she only has her vision to guide
her.
There was a sequel, um, that was planned called Kiri no Orge.
Um, it was in development to be the second game and it was going to, uh, there was, I
can't make words happen.
It was going to be a horror theme.
Um, and they had, uh, ads for it in various magazines, but the couldn't really do to voice
compression technology.
Some of the story, uh, arcs, um, uh, Kiri no Orge were, uh, put into D2, um, and then
into another game called, uh, well, there was actually going to be another installment
in the series called Spy Lunch, but that of course never developed.
So, um, but this game, um, is still actually popular amongst the visually disabled.
Um, and I really wanted to outline something that it, that was made specifically with that
community in mind.
You know, there are gamers all across the ability scale one way or another.
We, we have listeners of our show who are legally blind.
Um, and I think that it's great that there was a game that was released specifically
for those people and people in chat are talking about Plex and not listening, I guess, but,
uh, we're having some frame drops as well.
So it might not just be because of that.
Okay.
At any rate, I felt this game kind of was very important to me that we mentioned it
just simply because, I mean, we have such an A-list designer who was thinking of a
community that is so often left out of the gaming conversation.
And I wish that more, um, more developers would have different things.
Like for example, say that, you know, for certain levels of, uh, the visually impaired,
you have like a high contrast mode.
Right.
Right.
Well, and Last of Us Part II had a lot of this type of stuff, which was great.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But I think that, that there needs to be, um, there needs to be more games that are created
with our other ability communities in mind.
I'm going to bring it back to the main shot of us away from the, uh, footage, just because
I want to see if that fixes some of our issues.
I might not.
Sorry, we're, we're getting internet drops that are kind of out of my control.
I don't know what the hell's going on.
Sorry.
All right.
Well, at any rate, I would have really liked to have had, um, the other stories come out.
Um, I, it just, to me just seems so fun to have like a drama that you can play.
Of course, my comprehension, um, when, when I almost bought a copy of the game, but my
comprehension was not where it needed to be to play it properly.
Right.
So, um, I wonder if I would be able to go back and play it now.
Maybe not.
Um, I was just to say the vibe I kind of get from the game, you know, even though it's,
um, very light on the graphics, because obviously it's, it's with a different medium in mind.
Well, the Saturn had none.
I, well, I, but I still get that vibe of, um, like an old CD-ROM game that, you know,
you kind of have those very like photographic quality visuals, but they were very simple.
Like Myst?
I, in a way, I guess, but, um, even more like photo, Myst wasn't really photo realistic.
Whereas like, you know, the game we were looking at here was very photo realistic in a way.
Um, I think it's, it's kind of neat because it's just that early CD-ROM technology really
tried to like, Ooh, make it look real.
You know, I'd almost say in a way, like, I don't know, something like Phantasmagoria,
right.
It was like real people.
Phantasmagoria was great.
Right.
And like a real scene and all this stuff, you know, even though it was all cheesy B
community theater, uh, special effects still, you know, that game was kind of legendary
for all of that.
And I think, you know, this game that you just showed us kind of, you know, it still
has that photo realism, obviously just to try, try to invoke images, probably of the
story that's being told, but, you know, even for, I, cause unfortunately I think sometimes
people hear this, you know, this is true.
People hear, Oh, this is a game made for a certain audience.
And if that audience isn't them, then they're like, ah, then what's here for me?
Nothing, you know?
And they skip over it.
Right.
But like, this seems like the type of thing that like could actually just be totally meant
to like, you kind of have playing on the TV or whatever.
And you're just chilling on the couch, kind of laying back, eyes closed.
You don't even have to look at the game.
You can experience the media in a different way.
And so it's like, sometimes it's about broadening the way you consume things, which I think
is interesting.
Well, and the thing, the thing is that there are very few games that are just audio only.
Another one that comes to mind is Papa Sangre, which actually just got, it got a sequel in
2013, but it's a horror themed audio game that came out on iOS.
So there's, there's a few other ones.
Like there's also Chillingham is another one that came out in 2004, but I picked this one
in particular simply because it, it was one of the big games that really put a lot of
focus on it in Japan.
It's a damn shame we never got a version of it here.
I think that that certainly or at least had other language releases in general, because
I think a lot of people would have benefited from it.
Well, and there was really nothing like it on the Dreamcast or the Saturn, you know,
but I say I call it Dreamcast specifically because the Dreamcast was always that weird
system, you know?
And then here was another off the track of usual stuff thing that it tried.
And, you know, just, I bet a lot of people didn't even know this existed.
But it's, it's definitely one of those more interesting games and hopefully my goal is,
this might sound like a little odd goal, but I would like to one day have my listening
comprehension be good enough to play this game.
All right.
Yep.
So there you go.
Well, thank you.
Real sounds cause a no regret.
Okay.
Your classic game of the week.
Very, I honestly, I thought I've heard of them all, but I did not hear of this game
until looking at it for tonight's show.
So very cool.
Well, I did tell you about it, about the seeds.
You did, but you tell me about a lot of games.
This is the first time I've actually like seen it, you know, and gotten to, you know,
check it out.
So wait till you see the fucking weird game I picked for next month.
All right.
Can't wait.
Oh yeah.
Cause we're still in January.
We're still in, it's like, there's a lot of five episodes in January this month.
I already have next week's regular game picked out, but the week after is going to be the
weirdo.
Oh, perfect.
That'll be just in time for Valentine's day.
So perfect.
Well, yeah.
Then, you know, uh, when I, I'll tell you what it is early, Robin, you'll laugh your
face off.
So, okay.
Well, obviously not now don't ruin it for the listeners, but tell me later, text it
or something.
Um, the, uh, well, yes, there, there is that little football game on TV next week.
Although that's never stopped us before.
Um, not going to stop us from doing the show.
And I said, did you pick something themed with the football game?
Is that why you already know next week?
Excuse me.
Nope.
Oh, okay.
I was curious.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's talk about, I was, I was usually, I don't, the only thing I care about with those
games, the commercials are kind of neat sometimes.
And I did see, cause y'all posted about it in discord.
I saw that whole like Wayne's world is coming back.
Like they actually have Mike Meyers and Dana Carvey doing a Wayne's world for, I guess
it's Uber eats who also had, you know, um, uh, I keep wanting to say Jean-Luc Picard,
but that's not his name.
Patrick Stewart and, um, Skywalker, Mark Hamill, Mark Hamill.
We're in a commercial together for Uber eats.
So they've been getting, getting, paying a lot of, uh, big celebrities.
So they got Mike Meyers and Dana Carvey to reunite and do Wayne's world.
So I guess that's a commercial for the super bowl.
So that, that's kind of neat.
I guess I like the commercial sometimes, but you can see them all online the day before
the day after.
Easy, easy.
And then usually about the puppy bowl, usually the puppy bowl and the kitty half time, which
aren't Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg doing it this year or something.
Somebody posted something discord about like Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg are doing the
animal bowl.
Snoop is trending on Twitter right now.
Huh?
Chad, I think it's for the Super Bowl.
All right.
The superb owl.
And then, um, the other thing I usually care about is the halftime show.
Like when Beyonce did the halftime show life when lady Gaga did the halftime show life
when Beyonce did the halftime show again.
Uh, but she just snuck in there as part of Coldplay life.
Like it was, it was great.
Um, I think this year they have the weekend doing it.
Um, who I actually don't even care about the halftime show.
I like, well, I like, I like his stuff.
I'd be curious to see how it comes out.
I think I love the, uh, Cynthia vibe.
A lot of his songs have, he has a very like old school, Michael Jackson sound to him,
which I really dig.
Um, but, uh, I think he has a ton of guest stars too.
I don't think it's just him.
Let me be curious to see how that turns out, but, uh, yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get into some rapid fire news.
Uh, Loki, let's, uh, start us off with some quick stories.
Loki, Loki.
Yeah.
So we talked a little bit last week about what the games for gold for February are going
to be, but now let's talk about PlayStation plus.
So for PlayStation five, we've got destruction all stars.
And then we have on PlayStation four control ultimate edition, which is also on PS five
and concrete genie, all pretty solid titles actually.
So that's going to be for February.
And then we got news that there's a, there was a baseball, um, game that's, you know,
all, uh, you know, uh, NBA jam or, um, what was it NFL?
Uh, I can't remember the NFL one.
Anyways, NFL blitz.
That's right.
And so they had a game coming or that was being worked on called power at baseball.
And it was developed in the mid nineties by Midway and incredible technologies.
Of course it never actually came out, but because, uh, the video game history foundation
is awesome.
You can actually play a ROM of it on Mame and check out the game itself.
So that is pretty cool.
And I don't know, it just never came out because I guess, I don't know.
They maybe thought that they didn't translate as well as say NBA jam or NFL.
Maybe the licensing didn't come through for some of the people.
I bet that could be an issue too.
So, but yeah, it looks pretty cool and get a chance to play something that, you know,
could have been.
Yeah.
Um, and a shout out cause Jason who, you know, does all our voiceovers and did an amazing
job with the intro as always.
Um, Jason talked about, um, some other alternative, like actiony baseball type of games, uh, that
did come out like baseball stars.
I remember that one.
And that's, that's a great one as well.
So yeah.
That on Neo Geo.
Yeah.
Well, there was a version on NES, believe it or not.
Yeah.
I know.
Yeah.
So yeah, but it's probably better known for Neo Geo for sure, but yeah.
Uh, all right, moving on.
Uh, let's talk about destiny two, which destiny two is going to be changing up the way it
does rewards a little bit.
There will no longer be weekly bounties.
They're going to go to seasonal, seasonal challenges to try to make things feel a little
less grindy, I guess.
Um, so that is what you can do now.
So there's some goals, uh, that bungee went through and how to make the game more fun.
Uh, in, in, in other words, provide a guide to new returning and veteran players for what
to do today or this week guide the player through the seasonal content week over week,
encourage players to engage with complexities and nuances of the seasonal activity and rituals
and reduce the penalties on XP and bright dust for missing a giver given week.
So they've done a seasonal challenges now that you do objectives.
And you can do objectives during the week, but you have until the end of the season really
to complete them.
Um, not just that one week period.
So, um, you know, you see a lot of games doing seasonal things.
So destiny two going that direction makes sense.
Um, I have been playing that a little bit on series X.
I haven't played in the last week or two.
Um, but it's a real pretty game.
They, they definitely souped it up for series X.
It looks real good.
So I should play some more of that.
That's for sure.
And man, I wish they had something like this when I was younger.
Um, Lego just put out their own type of app that is for music video making for kids.
It's called video, but it's V I D I Y O video.
That's basically what it is.
So this is a app that allows kids to make their own music videos.
Um, when you have certain, of course, Lego figures and blocks, you scan them into the
app and it makes the characters go into song and dance with AR.
And then of course, because it's all AR, you can choose where you want to put the
characters in the real world and then kind of, you know, use your camera to shoot them
a little bit.
Um, some of the music comes from universal music groups, uh, pop roster, and there are
60 seconds samples, so they don't put the whole songs in there, but you can make a little
bit of a sample there.
And I think that's really cute.
Like, you know, get kids, you know, making their own movies when they're young.
I think that's pretty cool.
And a good use of that AR technology.
Interesting to see Lego doing that again, because of course, you know, we talked a lot
about the Mario Legos they've done, um, towards the end of last year, and that used a lot
of interesting technology as well.
So Legos really pushing the envelope y'all.
All right.
They've also got, well, aside from that, they have their stop motion studio thing that they
had a set that you could use your phone to do that.
Um, they've been pushing stuff with unity.
They have their whole Lego, uh, you know, I guess not really a tutorial, but it's kind
of like a kit that you can create stuff with.
So yeah, they've been doing a lot of stuff with like gaming involved.
All right.
Well, let's move on to our Sakura.
Of course, animal crossing happiness.
I was so thrilled when I saw this, even though I pretty much already have the cards.
Um, but, uh, they are doing the Sanrio amiibo cards.
They're coming out at target, um, exclusively at target on March 26th.
Um, they are, uh, six different cards.
Um, these were actually, um, put out for the, uh, welcome amiibo edition of, uh, animal
crossing new leaf.
Um, so you get Rila, who is the hello kitty gorilla, who's kind of creepy.
You get Marty, huh?
I was just laughing.
Oh yeah.
You get Marty, who is the, um, a yellow pom pom pudding, um, character.
You have Chai who is so cute.
She's an elephant with a teacup on her head and she's for pom pom pudding.
Chelsea is, uh, my melody.
Toby is, I actually really liked his set in, uh, in pocket camp too.
And who is, uh, little twin stars, which little twin stars is my favorite Sanrio group.
What I don't see on here though, is if you're going to be able to welcome the characters.
Um, it says right here that it's only going to be to unlock the in-game posters, which
I mean, I already have, but, um, I'm really hoping that they put out a patch to give us
those animals, because it would be nice to, for me to have Etoile in my, uh, in my village.
Yeah.
That's what I was hopeful about too.
But then I guess, you know, if these cards have existed in Japan already, since the game's
launched, then if the characters were going to be there, they'd be there.
But I, I, I still am crossing my fingers and toes that maybe with the, uh, unveiling of
the cards officially in the U S maybe they'll patch the game and add the villagers and then
Japan can enjoy that too.
Cause they, I imagine either they have the cards accessible or they, they could do a
reprint pretty easily.
Well, and on top of that, um, if you've still, if you still have new leaf, then you can get
the characters there.
I reckon.
Well, it says they also have furniture in new leaf as well.
Well, yeah, that was the point of them.
They brought in a different furniture sets.
Those furniture sets are cute too.
I want them in, uh, in, uh, the new one.
Like why pocket camp?
And I had like all of, um, stuff and Toby's the set.
Yeah.
The set was like ultra Japanese.
It was so cute.
But why restrict it to the 3d S version of the game?
That's so old, but I guess, you know, because they were made for the 3d S version.
No, but the amiibos were made for certain things and then they, uh, use them in later
games.
Like most amiibo were for smash brothers.
Right.
There's a, there are a lot of animal crossing characters who I have a physical amiibo for,
and I have their cards that the character is not in the game.
Like, remember I had my Pascal poster before I could get a picture with Pascal before his
model was out.
I had the pave poster.
I sent you the pave poster.
Yes, I have the pave poster.
And now I can get pave in my studio, you know, because I have the card, but like you can't
get, um, uh, chip.
You can't get porter or Booker and copper or, uh, well for a while you couldn't get
the llamas and then they did their little wedding thing and then you could get them.
Um, but you can't get Peli or Phyllis.
I love Phyllis.
She's so grumpy.
Maybe that's just what it is.
We have to wait for more events because we're, we've been getting some of them as they've
released events.
Like pave is a good example of that, of the events that they're doing.
We just have to wait for more events, I guess.
But these, these, uh, Hello Kitty ones are villagers.
And so that would be neat if they would put, let them move into the village, but I guess
it's a lot to ask for.
I don't see it happening though, unless they figure out some way to do it.
But at least the thing with, with, um, this Animal Crossing is that the game we have now
is not quite the same game we got when it came out.
True.
It's got lots of other stuff to do.
So moving on, since this is supposed to be rapid fire, um, Nintendo, huh?
I just was just laughing.
Oh, Nintendo announced a, uh, monster Hunter rise, uh, special edition switch and, uh,
and also a switch pro controller, uh, for, uh, the same that will be out when the game
is released in Japan on March 26th.
Uh, the price will be 38,400 yen.
So roughly about, you know, 30 or 380 bucks us.
And it has, of course, the, the doc, the unit, the joy cons that are all monster Hunter rise
themed.
Um, and then you can also get the digital copy of the game.
And for the pre-order bonus, there's a deluxe kit with downloadable content.
It looks cool.
I'm not in a monster Hunter, but it looks cool.
Yeah.
Nothing of course about, you know, the U S so.
All right.
All right.
Well, let's travel around the world, starting in the U S and looking at the rest of the
world too, and check out what will be coming out in release dates.
Loki.
Yes.
Uh, so this week we have cultists simulator on Nintendo switch, uh, destruction all stars
on PlayStation five, uh, ease nine monstrum knocks on PlayStation four.
Uh, we have habroxia two on PC PlayStation four Vita, Xbox one and Nintendo switch.
Uh, Haven on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four sky forge on Nintendo switch, uh, werewolf,
the apocalypse earth blood on PC PlayStation four PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series
X, uh, Neo remastered the complete edition on PlayStation five, as well as Neo to remastered
the complete edition on PlayStation five and then on PC and PlayStation four Neo to the
complete edition.
And that's it.
All right.
Well, Japan's list is pretty short this week.
Just that Neo collection, Neo one and two on the PlayStation five.
And then as you were saying, Neo to kind of remastered on the PlayStation four, that is
it.
Those are the soul releases in Japan this week.
So how about the UK dark soccer?
Only a handful.
We have werewolf, the apocalypse earth blood on the 4th of February.
And then on the 5th, we have anima arcane edition and ghost of the tail collectors
edition.
All right.
All right.
Well, we have a few more stories for you guys before we get to the listener round table
via our chat, as well as our mailbag.
And you can always email the show, participate at orange lounge radio.com.
If you want to drop us a line via email.
Um, but let's get to some more news Loki.
So everybody's probably familiar with the game Celeste.
I was unaware that the game originally was released on the Pico eight, um, back in 2016
and now, uh, extremely okay.
Games is creating a sequel for that, uh, Pico eight version called Celeste to, uh, Lonnie's
Trek, which is actually available to download now for free.
Um, so that's pretty sweet.
And then you can find that on itch, the IO, um, check it out there.
But I had no idea that that was actually a, uh, game on the Pico eight.
Yeah.
I didn't realize that either.
That's pretty cool though.
That game's everywhere now though.
Yeah.
I'm kind of curious to see if they're going to, you know, port that over to the, like
the newer style or something like that.
That'd be kind of cool, but, um, have to check it out.
Yeah.
Why not?
Why not let the sequel get some of that too?
Cause you know, and they've, they've, um, given it away like as a plus game or a gold
game and, you know, there's a lot of ways, uh, Epic store, I think had it as their free
game at one point.
So there's a lot of ways you've probably added this to your library at some point.
And it is, it's not just like, Oh yay, free game.
It actually is a really like, like bang your head against the wall, tough, like platformer,
but it's, you know, kind of one of those, I would compare it a lot to super meat boy,
like back when it was good.
Um, to like, you know, Oh, just one more.
I'm gonna try this level one more time, one more time.
I'm going to beat it this time.
It's it's that whole kind of thing.
It's a neat game.
So, all right.
Um, moving on, let's talk about a remaster that didn't happen, but man, I wish we
wish it would have, and that is a GoldenEye 007.
It was originally going to be for Xbox live arcade.
Now, please don't confuse this with the version of GoldenEye that ended up being on the Wii
by Activision a little bit later.
Um, this is not that, uh, this was something else that was supposed to happen, uh, that
was actually, and some of the footage has actually been released now.
Uh, so there's a YouTube out there where somebody is actually playing it through an emulator.
So they're actually able to see it in like 4k resolution and 60 frames a second, but
you can tell it's a 360 game.
I mean it, but it still looks really good.
It looks even better than the Nintendo 64 game.
And they even do some multiplayer in it, same screen multiplayer, which is how most people
remember GoldenEye 007 was playing it with friends at a party or in a college dorm or
something like that.
Uh, this whole exercise was from 2007 because a rare of being owned by Microsoft developed
the HD remaster of the Nintendo 64 classic.
Unfortunately, thanks to copyright disputes, it didn't happen.
That's a bummer.
Um, of course we got the Activision version, which, um, for the Wii was, you know, the
Wii didn't have a lot of great shooters.
And apparently this, I didn't play a lot of it.
I think I played it at E3 real quick one year, but, um, apparently a lot of people said it,
it really wasn't bad.
Like it could have been a lot worse as far as like remasters go.
And they did a pretty decent job on the Wii, but I think there's a lot of people that want
to see what Rare themselves would have done.
And this is, this is certainly it.
So, um, there's rumors that they're going to release this in 2021 as some type of Xbox
thing.
Um, Hey, if they get the licensing and all that stuff worked out, go off.
Like, Hey, if they added that to game pass, that's just another cool thing on game pass
in my opinion.
So, um, yeah, especially since how many same room multiplayer games are there anymore?
There's so few, right?
So anyway, um, dark Tetsuya says, I do believe the Wii version got re-released on PS3 and
360 as well.
Did it?
I only ever remember the Wii one, but you're probably, you're probably right.
I just remember the, the motion control.
Of course, that was the big thing they were pushing, right?
Because on the Wii and in some games did this very well where you would, you'd point at
the screen to shoot and it was almost like using a mouse and keyboard.
It was like mouse and controller.
It was really weird, but it worked.
It worked really well.
Yeah.
So, uh, some games did this better than others, but, um, the golden eye remaster was one of
them that did it pretty well.
All right, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
A little discussion, um, especially with, uh, the particular game, Astral Chain.
Uh, Platinum said that Nintendo is the owner of the IP.
Um, this came after fans noticed that the game's copyright had, that there was a change
to the game's copyright.
Um, so, uh, platinum, um, had said before that it was co-owned by itself and Nintendo
in addition to the, to them having, uh, uh, the game's publishing rights.
Um, and they had even talked about one day it might come, you know, to non-Nintendo platforms,
but basically there was the change and the copyright notice had been modified to remove
the mention of platinum games.
And so they came right out and says, it's as it looks, it is Nintendo and it's on their
website as it's Nintendo.
Um, and they say that right now platinum games is not in a position to answer the question,
uh, to clarify anything about that change in ownership.
I wonder if Nintendo is planning on doing something with it, hence the change.
It's interesting.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Um, speaking of platinum and Nintendo, how about an update on Bayonetta 3, platinum?
Like, I'm sure I'm not the only one to ask this, but, uh, it's been a little while since
we heard anything about Bayonetta 3.
It'd be crappy if Sega does get sold, you know, to someone who's not Nintendo.
Um, I don't, I doubt they'll do that.
I think the agreement would already be in writing.
I don't think they'd be able to do it.
I mean, I guess anything's possible.
I don't know.
But, um, still I'm all about take the time to get it right.
You know, don't rush the game.
There's been a pandemic.
I get all that.
Uh, still just a little, a little teaser, a new little update would be, would be wonderful.
That would, that would give me the energy I need to get through the year.
So hopefully the Switch is just setting up for a badass year.
Maybe Bayonetta 3 got pushed to be a Switch Pro game.
One can dream, but can you imagine that the new Zelda and a new Metroid game, like all
hitting at once, like, Oh, that'd be such, that'd be such a hot year.
Like if that's what the Switch Pro's lining up, that's a hot launch lineup.
I I'm, I'm fan, but I'm going to admit, I fully admit I am fanboying.
None of this is based in reality whatsoever, but what a hot lineup that would be.
That's for sure.
All right.
Uh, moving on Loki.
Yeah.
So, uh, some more cyberpunk updates.
So we talked about how there was the 1.1 update, which did fix some stuff, but also
introduced some game breaking bugs.
So now there's the 1.11 update that will fix those game breaking bugs that they last
patch introduced.
So they went ahead and released those already, the hot fix for that.
And it's taking care of some of the issues that were in that.
There's also some more updates coming as well.
Second one's due out in a few weeks.
So, um, we'll have to wait and see what that improves as well, but at least to see
that they're addressing some of the issues like they had with, uh, the hollow calls,
not coming through and stuff like that.
Um, and then on a completely different topic.
So there's been mods for cyberpunk 2077 that allows you to, um, change, uh, who the
different joy toys are in the game.
So those are the like, uh, cybernetic prostitutes.
And so of course, since Johnny Silverhand is in the game, they've went ahead and swapped
out the character.
Um, that's normally the quote unquote, joy toy and put Keanu Reeves in there.
Or you can also, uh, put in, uh, one of the other characters that they had in there as
well.
But Loki, Loki, Loki, was there any doubt that once we knew that cyberpunk would, would
yes, be a PC game and that yes, Keanu Reeves would be in the game.
Was there any doubt that the modding community was going to come along and be like, how long
until I can fuck Keanu Reeves?
Like, are we shocked?
Are we shocked?
I am.
I'm not.
Apparently though, what is interesting though is apparently they have removed that mod.
Um, it's so it is not available.
Nothing.
Nothing has ever truly removed.
So Nexus, Nexus mods did take it down, but you know, um, I'm sure you can find it out
there.
So, uh, Nexus mods is having a week, aren't they?
Yeah.
Apparently, well, CG.
So it came to the way it got taken down as it came to a CD project.
Red's attention.
Uh, the studio had said that our most important rule regarding user generated content, uh,
game mods in particular is that it can't be harmful towards others.
In the case of model swaps, especially those involved in explicit situations, it can be
perceived as such by people who lent us their parents for, as a Korean characters in, uh,
cyberpunk 2077.
Sorry, internet.
You'll just have to fuck your Keanu Reeves body pillow you bought on wish.
I mean,
I mean, whatever it could have been a lot worse.
He was so clothed in the scenes from what I saw.
But then again, the video that they were showing a lot of that was, uh, cut and like blacked
out.
But, um, I mean, it's just a model swap.
So, but I'm sure it can be much worse.
And of course, just wait, it's early.
If that game's only been out a couple of months, it's early.
No, the correct way to phrase that is not, it could be much worse.
It is.
It will be much worse.
It's true.
Very true.
Let's revisit the story in six months and see what perverse things the internet has
come up with now.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, Hey, now that the, now that they have the, the three model out there, I mean, I'm
sure it'll be a matter of time before we see him added to the Skyrim or something like
that.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, let's see.
Oh, a comment from Marissa Meisel in our chat who says the union has been taking things
like this seriously, not just because of funny sex things, but so actors are exploited
for things they weren't paid for.
You know, that is, I I've heard about that in regards to who was in the game.
Heavy.
Was it heavy rain with the shower scene?
Was that Elliot?
Was that Elliot Page?
Was it somebody else?
No.
Elliot Page was in the sequel.
She was in the, um, Oh gosh, I don't remember what it was.
With like, uh,
why do I remember?
Why do I remember?
Remember it's he now, but yes, I understand when the, in the game, but, um, let's see,
Elliot Page, there was like a shower scene or something and they had rendered breasts
and that was really infuriating to, um, Elliot Page because obviously
It was beyond two souls.
That's his beyond two souls.
Thank you.
And, um, that was not part of the agreement basically.
And so when that, even though that wasn't in the game, like I think modders found that
and that infuriated, um, that camp, uh, Elliot pages, you know, and, uh, his representation
and so forth.
Um, and so I, and I believe this is that kind of issue that Marissa is bringing up in chat
as well is that, yeah, you got to be very careful when you have these likenesses in
the game, what you can and can't render.
Um, unfortunately, um, you know, the modding community, you can't stop them.
That's and that's the, that's modders going to mod.
Yeah.
So I think it also goes to like, but, but how much ammunition did you give them?
Right.
In the case of beyond two souls and Elliot, um, it was, you know, the breasts were rendered
in the game, I guess.
And this whole thing, even though they weren't shown, they were rendered, but it gave the
modders ammunition because it's like, Oh, we don't have to invent breasts because they're
in the game.
Um, but in the case of, uh, um, Keanu Reeves, I'm sure his dong was not rendered for the
game.
So they, but it's probably not even shown, right.
They probably just do like more of a suggestive sexual scene.
I don't know.
I've played the mod.
I'm not going to, but, um, yeah.
Uh, interesting.
Bobby Blackwell reminds us, uh, the Sims is an AO game because of mods.
So says former lawyers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So interesting.
Interesting.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Uh, I got one more story for you guys, and this is about, um, uh, Sonic changing voice
actors.
And this is, this is kind of a big deal.
Like, uh, when David Hader left the role of solid snake, it's kind of a big thing.
So Roger Craig Smith is the name of the guy who's been voicing Sonic the Hedgehog for
quite some time and on like 10 years.
Right.
So on Twitter, he mentioned, uh, no more.
Uh, he does say that, um, uh, I guess a Sega rep has commented to some gaming blogs that
of course they're thankful to Roger.
Um, but, uh, and nothing was said, of course, openly about why is the change going on?
Uh, but fans on Twitter are speculating that Ben Schwartz from the movie is going to be
taking over the role.
Moving forward, which makes sense because I know they're about to shoot that sequel
because I saw one of the actresses on some talk show circuit thing and that's supposed
to be in it.
And she was commenting on that March.
Yeah.
So it's not surprising that Ben Schwartz is coming back.
Um, but that is, you know, it does create kind of that disparity between movie role
and everything else role where, but I mean, at the same time, what Mark Hamill was playing
the joker in the cartoons for years and years and years and years and years.
That didn't stop Heath Ledger from the movies and all this other stuff, even though Mark
Hamill is a perfectly fine actor.
Um, but anyway, it's such as the industry.
Um, so Sega says, you know, Roger's portrayal of Sonic is one that fans are sure to remember.
He brought the character to life that it, uh, and then the unsaid thing is, you know,
but he's still fired and let go.
He was very happy though.
Roger Craig Smith was very thankful for all the outpouring of love that he got on social
media and lots of people saying nice things, um, about him.
So there was that as well.
So, um, also I need to make sure I say this at some point.
Um, also in a voice actor and actress news, uh, this is really, um, sad, but I have to
mention this somewhere in the show and tip our hats to, uh, Jeanette mouse, who was an
actor actually for resident evil village, uh, who passed away at 39.
Um, Jeanette played and I I'm sorry, I don't know the game, the village very well, but
she played one of, uh, I guess, witches in the resident evil village.
I think it's the new one.
Um, the giant woman.
Is it really supposed to be the new resident evil demo just came out.
Oh, why did I think this was the last one?
Wow.
That's the new one.
Oh my gosh.
And that same week that everybody's going crazy.
Yeah, she was 39.
Um, she was in some films called your sister, sister, and my effortless brilliance, um,
which was a movie that she actually co-wrote as well.
And, uh, no, uh, information has been said as to why she passed, but, uh, the Hollywood
reporter is saying she, she was fighting colon cancer, um, for the past eight months, but
they haven't said that that was because she may have may have contracted COVID and when
the cancer is going, you know, we don't know, but, um, still sad all the same.
I didn't realize it was that same character.
My gosh.
Right.
And you know, and that's, that's right when, you know, she's getting, you know, say what
you will about all those memes and all that stuff that's out there about that character,
but that's, that's just great press for that actress.
And so that really, really is horrible that she was taken from us really at her prime
with that.
So it's very sad.
So, um, tipping our hat for that.
All right.
Let's move on and get into our listener round table.
So we're going to talk a little bit with our emails and any questions that you guys have
in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
If you have any questions for us, we're happy to take those on.
So, uh, meanwhile, let's open up the mailbag participate at orange launch radio.com is
the place where you can send your emails every week and a dark soccer is going to open up
ye old mailbag.
Damn.
Um, so, okay.
Oh, it's, I'm not going to open spammer again.
Okay.
There we go.
I think we left it up because it was funny, but the emails are still taking like forever
to load for me.
Yeah.
So I always saw one in there and it was really short, but I'll, I'll let you see if there's
two.
Okay.
Then another one must've just come in.
But, but the problem is, is that, that, uh, the, the mailbox has been taking like a really
long time to open lately on this computer.
I mean, this computer is ready to go.
Um, oh, I did though.
Sorry.
I just want to say DJ Rama S in regards to the last story, wanted to add Capcom.
Oh, I thought you said Capcom did.
Oh, well, Capcom better put an in memoriam to her in the game.
Yes, they should.
Sorry.
When I first read that, I heard Capcom did, but he's, he's saying that he wants to see
that in the game and I would agree.
That would be very appropriate.
I hope they do that.
Sorry, Jamie.
Yeah.
Well, at any rate, while I'm waiting for this to load, I did find something funny going
back to the whole Reddit army thing.
Sure.
Um, now they're looking at commodities.
So silver prices are jumping to a high.
That was like commodity.
Oh, those things.
Okay.
Yeah.
So now they're looking to, uh, to silver.
They basically bought shares in, um, an Australian, uh, uh, mining firm and they bought big and
they like, like they leapt to 15%.
So it was pretty crazy.
Why silver?
Um, because they're shorting that as well.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
So right now it's at 28.99 an ounce and this email still hasn't fucking loaded.
Time to melt down all the jewelry.
No, the, this, the stupid email now I just loaded.
Okay.
And it's kind of a big one.
So dear OLR, I just wanted to note that I thought you guys did an incredible job explaining
sexuality and how it relates to furries.
In addition to the fandom, not being purely a sexual thing.
Jamie is the word community using the word community was appropriate as that's exactly
what a furry is a community that shares a mutual love of anthropomorphic animals across
multiple media forms.
Yes, there are sex and that isn't what defines it.
Ask yourself what may be going on behind closed doors at your local anime con.
Let people be people, whatever they, uh, whether they have sexual attractions or not.
Hell, I'll admit that Star Fox has had me hot and bothered for as long as I can remember,
but I also won't judge you for eyeing a poster of Faye Valentine from Cowboy Bebop.
One more thought, honestly, the best way to understand furry is just to go to a furry
convention when it's safe to have cons again.
I identified with furries for a long time, but didn't really get it until I went to my
first Anthrocon in 2013.
Friends were made at those cons that I'll have for life.
And the level of love and acceptance I get from that community is wholly different.
It's comfort I can't have with my friends who don't understand why I find fursuiting
so magical.
I compare it to other conventions where you go because you are a fan of an anime or comic
book series.
In furry, we're fans of each other and the characters we create.
That's what makes it special.
I implore you to check out a convention even if your interest is only fleeting.
It just might ignite a spark.
Thanks for reading Garth Wolf.
P.S. Rob, bring back guys on the show.
I had a feeling this email when it was the first paragraph might have been from this
individual, but I'm happy you were happy with the way we represented that on the show.
And I don't think there's a lot else to comment on that email.
I think you made a request there that I think is very fair.
So that's that's really all there is to say on that.
Well, now I'm waiting five years for this other one to open.
How about anyone got any stories while I'm waiting for this damn email?
Well, I was also going to go to chat and look at some comments there in our chat room.
And Tiger Con says there's also people out there who don't find humans attractive, but
find anthropomorphic characters attractive.
I don't think it's a link.
I think maybe kink or anything, but some people do feel that way.
So as long as you have consent, as long as you're not hurting anyone or pushing it on
anyone else.
As long as everybody is the age of consent, I think this is another important thing to
put out there.
Anything I might be missing?
So have a safe word.
All right.
I was going to say, though, about the whole like because in the email it went into, you
know, let me have the furry thing.
You have your Cowboy Bebop poster.
Or I would argue, since we just brought up that character from Resident Evil, I saw all
sorts of things on Twitter about that.
So everybody's got their thing.
We'll leave it at that.
Go ahead, Jamie.
It's loaded, by the way.
It still hasn't loaded?
No, I can get to it.
I finally started watching Drag Race, though.
Oh, did you?
Yeah, I have one person I loathe and one person I love already.
I can guess both of those.
Okay, who do you think I hate?
Candy.
That's who everybody hates.
Yeah.
Who do you think I love?
Tamisha Iman, because that's the correct answer.
Gottmik.
Gottmik's pretty cool.
Yeah, I think the winner is very, very obvious, though.
And it's none of those people we just named.
But anyway, we'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on this email.
I got the email up because I get them on my phone as well.
This person did not sign the email and I don't feel comfortable reading the tube line because
I don't know what this person prefers to be called.
So I will call this anonymous email.
And also, just a reminder, if you want us to read your name on air, which we're happy
to do, don't forget to sign the email with whatever you want to be called and help me
out with a pronunciation if it's tough.
But this is unsigned and it's very simple.
It's one sentence.
I would think it would be sent from the phone if it didn't.
But it doesn't say sent with my iPhone at the bottom.
The question is, what is the best song in video games?
From our anonymous listener, what is the best song in video games?
You know what?
It's a very basic, simple question, but one that we haven't touched on in a long time.
Well, I don't think the emailer expects us to give the definitive answer.
But what is our best, our favorite song in video games?
What is the best song to us in video games?
I have some answers, but I'll let you guys go first.
I'm trying to remember if it was used in the game.
I think it was used in the game.
I want to say that, well, Info High was in the Macross Plus movie.
But I do believe that it was in, yeah, it was in one of the games,
Uta Macross, Somafo De Culture.
But I can use that song because it was in a game.
I'm kidding.
Um, honestly, I don't know that there's a best game, a best song,
because there's so many different genres that I can't really choose one.
Okay, this is easy for me. I'll do it.
So for me, the Final Fantasy XIV soundtrack has been a huge reason why I stay with that game.
That's a really good soundtrack.
Soken has done amazing things with the legacy that Nobuo Imatsu started
and really taken it in a modern direction.
And honestly, if you're going to start anywhere,
start with the prologue from Realm Reborn.
Start with the basic, like the crystal theme.
Listen to that because that is the character creation music in Final Fantasy XIV.
And it is so, like, it is the perfect version of that song.
Literally the perfect version of that song.
And it's in Final Fantasy XIV.
And that, you know, there's other stuff.
Like there's some primal fights that have amazing music
and there's just so many different varieties and genres.
I think Soken is the best video game composer we have out there right now.
And it's a damn shame he's only doing one game.
Fingers, toes and everything else I have crossed that perhaps he is doing Final Fantasy XVI.
But that's a lot of work for one person because XIV is enough.
Like there's hundreds of tracks in XIV.
But I think he's a brilliant, brilliant person.
I'm actually going to go with a song from a game that I don't really care for,
but it introduced me to one of my favorite singers.
So Kiss Me Goodbye by Angela Aki.
She's got such a fantastic voice.
She's actually, I think, in the US now finishing up some music production.
But she's just one of my favorite vocalists ever.
And I even remembered reading an interview where she said she
had a dream of playing at the Budokan.
She had actually been to a Sheena Ringo concert, who's another singer I like.
And she got her start with Final Fantasy games.
And was a year later, she's playing at Budokan.
Yeah, it's interesting to see how like the music from video games
have really influenced some of the artists today.
Like that Porter Robinson has some pretty good music CDs and stuff.
And my understanding is he's influenced by Beatmania and DDR.
So he is an artist that kind of represents a lot of that stuff that we all loved,
when we were in our 20s, although this guy's younger.
So I imagine he was more of a kid when he heard a lot of this stuff.
But I just think that's really cool.
And then you listen to his stuff and you can hear it.
You can hear the Beatmania influence in a lot of his music.
I will go back to something else, which I'm going to probably go on record saying
it probably has one of my overall favorite video game soundtracks is Chrono Trigger.
Because too far away times will always make me choke up a little bit,
just somewhere a little bit in my heart.
And the feel of the theme of Zeal, our shotless theme.
That one also is one of my favorites.
So I didn't quite get to finish, but I was going to say, no, it's okay.
It's okay, because you kind of didn't get your answers out there.
Until now.
But I was going to say, so if I was to get away from the MMOs a little bit,
especially because I can't really pinpoint a specific song in that game,
I was going to say Scar of Time.
Even though Chrono Cross is not the greatest game of my life,
that intro and that song were stunning, especially that song.
And that's just, I think, a definitive all-time classic game song.
My third and final answer for this question would be,
because I would say a song that is extremely versatile,
meaning like an 8-bit song that has just been reimagined time and time again in glorious ways.
And this song is amazing.
Every single time I've heard it reinterpreted,
I think it's a song that can't be bad,
would be the overworld theme from The Legend of Zelda, throwing it back.
How many times have we heard that song?
Remixed?
Orchestral?
Is it ever bad?
I mean, I guess maybe I'm challenging the internet with that question,
but you know what I mean?
Like that song is just so versatile and so brilliant.
Like it just, it represents my childhood, really.
So that would be my answer.
Loki, and I see the chat is lighting up on this.
I want to get to you guys too,
but Loki, I got to ask you the email question as well.
What's the best video game song?
I don't know.
I mean, there's lots of good stuff.
It's hard to pick the best.
I don't know.
Like if I'm going to go back to like DDR stuff,
I'd say anything by Naoki.
So I don't know the one that kind of stands up to me
that used to play a lot on my cabinet is D2R.
That's kind of encompassing,
like kind of the Naoki song style with like a Brilliant 2U,
B4U or anything like that.
But, you know.
Did you hear that Step Maniacs has new Naoki songs?
Like they got him over there.
I know Step Maniacs is awesome.
I know, good for them.
Good for them.
They have a lot.
I mean, they're pretty much,
they have the whole song library now of the whole Bomani series,
because it's like, it's all being brought back in there.
But yeah, like I know he's got new stuff in there.
So it's pretty cool.
All right, let me get some of the chat answers.
You guys are blowing up chat in the best way
and you guys have some great answers here.
Let's see.
DragonSamurai said,
best song in video games?
Opera song in Final Fantasy 3 or 6 for the Super Nintendo?
Yes.
I mean, that is, you want to talk Final Fantasy?
Like that moment changed games, truly.
And the song was a huge part of that.
Some other answers here.
Azette says, a thousand words from Final Fantasy X-2,
the best performed.
Our pal Bobby Blackall says,
Persona 5, wake up, get up, get out there.
Let's see.
Black Compat says,
I absolutely love the Last of Us Part 1 soundtrack.
I have that one on vinyl.
ZenMonkey11 says,
the instrumental at the start of Streets of Rage.
I heard that at night on a cool windy day and it gave me life.
I also love the Killer Instinct song.
Oh my God, Killer Instinct's got such a good soundtrack.
Hell yeah.
Let's see.
Some other comments here.
Story about Killer Instinct 2.
What's that?
When Dan and I were still just friends online,
I was telling him how much I liked.
I think it was Orchid's theme in Killer Instinct 2.
And so he kept restarting his game over and over
so he could get me a WAV file recorded of it.
Hmm.
And I still have that file somewhere.
Nice.
ActDef kind of tried to rephrase the question a little bit.
And I don't know if this would give you guys different answers,
but let me read ActDef's version of the question.
What was the game that made you notice video game music
as something more than just background noise?
That's a neat question.
I like that.
A little different spin on it.
What's the game that made you notice video game music?
I would have to throw way fucking back
because remember, before I grew up on Nintendo Entertainment System,
there was a period of time between the ages of about five and nine
where I grew up on the Commodore 64.
And therefore, one of the first background songs I noticed
that really made me notice the music was Pitfall 2, The Lost Caverns.
And that was one of the first times a video game had a static song playing behind it.
Because think about most of those Atari 2600 games back in the day.
They were very like,
boop, blip, brrr, like some of those unique noises the 2600 made.
And it wasn't until you had Pitfall 2, specifically The Lost Caverns,
where you had that theme song.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
And then when you would get hit by something,
then the game would suddenly go into a minor key.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Like it got all sad.
And it's hard not to notice that.
And I would say that was the first for me.
How about you guys?
The game that made you notice video game music.
Bobby says we're going to get DMCA'd.
No, we're not.
I used to always.
No, it wasn't that it was necessarily music,
but the intro to Space Fury,
where it almost seemed to me like the alien guy who was taunting you was singing to you.
So that was one that did it for me early on.
There was even like a mousetrap.
I couldn't play it without the background music
because it was just sort of like set a rhythm to how I would play it.
And the music wasn't either that dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun,
you know, over like that.
Because I'm just trying to think what else.
I guess if I was going to get into the Nintendo era of stuff,
it would probably have been playing through the Guardian Legend.
Yeah, because I had a killer soundtrack in it.
So underappreciated.
But actually, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to go back.
I'm going to say it was R-Type.
Arcade R-Type.
Because I love the first level music for R-Type.
And that really made me just think this is what video game music is.
Yeah, I was going to say because Bobby in chat said there were some great
Commodore 64 tracks that slapped.
Yeah, another one that honestly you wouldn't even think this,
but Dragon's Lair and Dragon's Lair 2,
which were both influenced by the original Dragon's Lair arcade game,
but they they're not a direct port of it,
because obviously the Commodore 64 cannot handle those types of graphics.
But the music in those games, especially the second one,
which I think was Escape from Singe's Castle or something like that,
is so good.
Like I remember being like seven and hearing that for the first time,
like just like going, whoa.
And this was the whole time when I was getting into music, like taking organ.
I didn't take piano lessons.
I took organ lessons because we had one of those like
70s Wurlitzer synthesizer like church organs in our house.
And it was awesome because that was the that was the thing people bought in the 70s
that would do like the the automatic bossa nova backing track by hitting the switch.
And then you do do do anyway.
So that was fun.
So Loki, anything for you?
The first game where you really noticed video game music?
Probably like the Legend of Zelda.
Yeah. Yeah.
For sure.
All right.
Marissa in chat kind of wondering aloud,
I'd love to know what the early composers in gaming were thinking,
because so many soundtracks are masterpieces and they had to keep in mind
how long people would be listening to these songs.
Yeah.
Surely someone's made a documentary on this,
but I would love to hear interviews with some of these like great song makers of old,
like, you know, Koji Kondo and, you know, the people that really brought us,
you know, a lot of the eight bit bit music that we're all naming here.
I think Bobby and Dragon Samael basically nailed it.
They were thinking we only have 10K of space for audio production.
And honestly, a lot of the early sound designers were really like,
let's make it sound good and make it work with the game and make it fit.
True.
True.
Now today is a different story, but.
Yeah.
And I think that some of like, I remember when I got to meet Koji Kondo in 2006
and I thanked him for, you know, prolonging my interest in music because he
did the music for a lot of games that, that were really, I would say inspiring for me
and the music has really stuck with me.
And I got to thank him at E3 that one year when they were doing what We Music.
Yeah.
Like the preview for We Music and he looked so surprised and delighted by it.
So I was like, I guess they never did think that it was going to happen.
And now, you know, just such talent in, in what he does.
And I'm even going to say that who, whoever's doing the music for Animal Crossing this time
around is really doing just, it's very interesting with Animal Crossing is that the music in this
particular one seems all like it's variations on the same theme, whether or not it's in the same
key or it has a switch, but it has like even my favorite music in the game, the five o'clock funk
is what I call it, has that intro, you know, thing as a lick in that tune.
And I, I really, I'm really looking forward to, not looking forward, but I really like
when there's that sort of a musical continuity in a game.
Yeah.
You know, I think Marissa kind of hearing all these answers and what the chat's saying about
the limitations is kind of having a wow moment and says in chat, Marissa again says limitations
can really help creativity explode sometimes.
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
And Dragon Samael kind of adds to that saying it's astounding though, when you're so limited
in what you can make, you had to get that hook right away.
That's another good point.
You had to go right into the hook.
So very, very interesting.
Have you seen what some cosplayers do on an incredible budget
and they do these amazing outfits that are all pretty much thrifted?
I mean, that, that right there, you know, people who I was actually watching, um, I,
I sometimes like to watch this tiny, tiny home videos and this one person took all of
the scrap from his, uh, barn and built his wife an office out of scrap.
But have you seen what La La Ri did on a budget?
I don't know who that is.
No, we love her.
We stan her.
She's great.
She's a, I don't know who that is.
Drag race.
I thought you watched drag race.
I just started.
I don't know all their names yet.
Okay.
You'll, you'll, you'll get there.
I don't know when I, I know they kicked off Elliot and then Elliot came back.
Yes.
All right.
You'll get there.
You'll get there.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
Um, and, uh, just because Sia Tabiri in chat says, ouch.
I said, I said, we stan her.
I'm just given a little bit of a hard time.
I can't, you know, do certain things either.
All right.
Anyway, moving on.
I don't want to spoil because I guess Jamie isn't all caught up yet.
All right.
Um, let's move on and talk about, uh, some last minute stories.
If you guys have anything else to, uh, add.
Yeah.
I was going to mention that, uh, the battle born servers have finally been deactivated.
Oh yeah.
Not playable at all.
Apparently even that, uh, extended to the single player portion of the game.
So you got yourself a wonderful little coffee or a coaster now.
Womp womp.
Yeah.
Thing random where apparently, uh, Pokemon red is still being played inside of someone's
Twitter at avatar.
Oh yeah.
We, we had the original story about that.
A couple is still going right.
Still going.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
I didn't know that was still going on.
Anything else from Loki or dark saga?
That's all I had.
Um, uh, no, I didn't see anything.
All right.
Well then, uh, I guess we will wrap it up pixel boxes as porn went out, uh, with, uh,
pushing F for battle born in chat.
All right.
Uh, that's it.
We're going to wrap things up here and thank you guys so much for, uh, listening to our
show tonight.
We really appreciate it.
Thank you everybody for taking part.
Uh, thank you.
Thank you.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio tonight, tell a friend
or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if
the voices aren't here, we can't put them out.
So, uh, tell your friends as long as they aren't shit bags, tell your friends.
And you know, you know, if you have a friend who's a shit bag, but invite your cool friends,
uh, to the show and, uh, hang out with us and, uh, yeah, well, it's a good way to spend
a Sunday night, uh, a nice five star review wherever you found the show, whether it's,
uh, iTunes or Spotify or wherever, uh, it goes a long way, a host on a site like Twitch
that goes a long way as well.
Uh, also, uh, uh, sharing on social media, uh, super appreciate that stuff.
Um, also I have to give a quick plug to the shop.
Uh, if you really enjoyed the show tonight and you want to, uh, buy some merchandise
that says VOG network or OLR on it, please take a moment to swing by the store.
vognetwork.com slash shop.
If you want to check out some stuff and yes, we will add some more merchandise to that
hopefully in the next month or so.
Um, just a few, a few more things for you guys to check out.
Someone wants her, her lady shirts.
Yeah.
So I said, give me some designs.
We'll get some shirts.
All right.
No, there's designs up there and there's no lady shirt for it.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I said I would add one of the designs to it, to a lady shirt.
So sure, of course, but it's, it's also my way to try to trick and get some more designs.
All right.
Oh, I'll work on something.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right.
Um, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Um, Loki, we'll start with you.
Your final thought.
My final thought is diamond hands to the moon.
Uh, my final thought is, um, let's hope crypto coin takes off, except I only put in like
50 bucks.
I'm not expecting it to go anywhere.
Well, if you think about it, like with Doge, I mean, it's at 3 cents right now.
So even if it goes down to one cent, that's like, just that's two thirds of the money
they put in.
But that's not the crypto I invested in.
I knew that one would be too, you know, all over the map.
So, um, I, I did a different one that I just kind of did my own research and I was like,
all right, maybe this one will go up.
Kind of just playing with it a little bit.
All right.
We'll see.
Um, dark soccer, your final thought.
Um, I don't know.
I don't have thoughts anymore.
I have a series of random, uh, time has dissolved to the point where I no longer have coherent
thoughts.
I just say whatever the fuck happens to come out without even processing it, you know?
Um, yeah, I'm not ready for my staycation to be, be home, but I did have a little health
scare that I am glad everything came through just fine.
So, um, some people have been following me on Twitter and thank you for all the support
that you gave me.
Um, I had a little cancer scare, um, everything came back benign.
So, hey.
All right.
Um, all right, that's going to do it.
Thank you so much for listening to another episode of Orange Launch Radio and joining
us tonight.
We will be back here in seven days.
Yes, I understand there's stuff going on on TV, but too bad.
We're still doing our show as we always do.
So we will see you next week.
But until then, have a great week.
Happy gaming.
Good night.
Or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
