I'm a big fan of making something good out of a bad thing.
And in the spirit of popularity, diversity, meaning and frequency of use, Twitch is going
to rotate PogChamp emotes once every 24 hours.
This feature doesn't have to last forever, but it's going to be a good change-up of
the formula.
And hey, it'll be a lot better than those astroturfed Prime emotes they gave us after
TwitchCon.
This is just my hot take.
It's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to explain more on this
and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where every gamer has
a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back.
It's another week of Orange Lounge Radio, live once again on this Sunday night for the
second time in the year 2021, with episode number 851 of our show for this January the
10th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi, Jamie, I think you're muted on Discord, just so you know.
Technical issues.
They happen.
I thought I had myself unmuted.
I guess I must have hit something.
That's all right.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
You were telling me before the show, and I hope you're willing to talk about it on air,
you made a new friend on Twitter in the gaming universe, right?
I did.
And I've been following him for a while, and actually just having a little bit of back
and forth chat.
We talked about mics for a little bit, kind of what led to me, I think, buying the one
that I did.
Oh, nice.
But Tommy Earl Jenkins, who is the voice of Die Hard Man, really, really just cool dude.
In the game Death Stranding, for those who don't know.
Yeah, in Death Stranding, sorry.
But I've tried to check out some of his other stuff.
He's honestly, I think, one of my favorite voices in the game as well.
But I like when I get to connect with people like that and just talk shop, I guess, sometimes,
and just talk about real life and do real people stuff.
It's kind of a thing.
I don't get super starstruck, I guess.
Yeah, me neither.
But I like getting to know people.
I totally get it.
It's the pros and the cons about Twitter, is that it makes celebrity culture and some
of those people that you admire and even people that aren't necessarily gigantic celebrities,
which with all due respect, I would put the voice actors on that level where they're not
like Tom Cruise or a huge movie star or whatever, but they're known in certain circles or contestants
on Drag Race.
They're known in certain circles.
So they get a lot of people able to tweet them directly, which is a good thing and it's
a bad thing.
Obviously, we know there's a lot of disgusting Twitter culture that happens with that direct
accessibility such as people who bully other people and tag things and things that are
completely unnecessary.
But I think as Twitter and those types of services, Facebook, social media, is getting
more ingrained in our culture, people are getting more like, okay, I'm just going to
block haters.
I'm going to mute haters and able to filter that out a little bit, yes, a little better.
Not that it ever excuses that type of behavior, but I think people are learning how to deal
with it a little more.
But the plus side of that, we talk a lot about the negative side of that, and I know Twitter
and all that is a hot button issue this week, and I'm going to try to walk around that.
But I think part of the positives about Twitter is that for those people in very smaller circles
that might not be known to a lot of people, to tweet somebody a small little compliment
like, hey, I loved your work, I'm curious, what kind of microphone do you use?
That is awesome that you can just go to the source and ask that question.
One thing to keep in mind, nobody owes you shit and you might not get an answer.
You know this, Dark Saga, but I'm saying this for everybody else.
You might not get an answer from somebody, but when you do, it feels really good and
it's really cool, right?
And over the years, many of you, I know we hear it a lot, we're not famous.
We do the show a long time, doesn't mean people know who we are.
We're known to certain people in certain groups, right?
It's that same type of thing.
When you guys reach out and tweet me or Jamie or Matt or whatever, and say, this is awesome,
or hey, thanks for doing OLR.
In fact, somebody sent me a tweet this past week just saying, oh man, when you were talking
about the Guardian legend, I so agree with you, that game needs to come back, something
along those lines.
I was kind of talking about that.
Even though that makes me feel really good and validates what we're doing here at OLR
to have a pleasant exchange like that.
I live for that shit.
When you ask, how have you done OLR for 18 years, however old we are, 18 years, interactions
like that, just people wanting to talk cool about video games and keep that going, that's
my feel.
So it's...
I'd like more of that.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, of course.
We have to remember, we're not that big, but I love for the audience that we do have and
the interactions that we have.
So that I'm sure applies to the voice actors that you've interacted with over the years
on Twitter, for sure.
And I've actually made some really good friends just running in some of those same circles.
For me, honestly, I've actually found it to be a lot less toxic of an environment lately,
especially since the...
We all know.
Undesirable population have been...
We all know.
Yes.
But I've also found...
And I don't know what this is exactly, because people are posting this stuff.
Doomscrolling is a thing, it exists for a reason, the phrase, but I've noticed that
it's a little bit more inundating on Facebook because people...
It's in a compartmentalized area, I guess, if that makes sense.
And people are more just likely to make a bunch of comments on it, whereas on Twitter,
I think it's kind of harder to see some of the comments.
And you can mute the thread, and now you can remove...
When people reply to it, you can ask them to remove you from it.
Yes.
Finally have that limiting who can reply feature.
Well, I don't know if Bobby Blackwolf ever did get it.
He might be the one person on Twitter without it, which sucks, sorry, Bobby.
But I think everybody on Twitter, other than Bobby, has this feature where you can limit
to certain replies, and that's a great thing too, I think.
Because sometimes I wanna post something and be like, I'm just gonna say this, get this
out in the universe, get it out of my brain.
I don't wanna talk about it after this.
And it took way too long to come to Twitter, and I'm happy it's there.
Aw, Bobby still doesn't have that feature.
I don't know what's wrong, bro.
I haven't even looked for it.
It's there.
Maybe you don't have it either.
That would be strange.
Oh, I see it.
I have it.
So yeah, you can...
People you follow, only people you mention, everyone.
It's great.
So anyway, we gotta introduce everybody here on the show that our folks out there like
to follow, and that includes Techmaster Loki joining us tonight.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Good, good.
What's the game playing behind you tonight?
I can't quite tell.
Is that Zelda?
You don't recognize it from AGDQ?
I'm trying to...
No, I can't, because I can't see the main character in it, because you're sitting in
front of him.
Your head's in the way.
Yeah, your head's in the way.
I can't tell.
What did it...
Just tell me.
Is that I Wanna Be The Guy or something?
It's Epic Dumpster Bear 2.
Oh, it sure is.
Okay, okay.
I admittedly tuned out right before that run started.
But nothing.
I loved AGDQ, but just trying to live my life too.
So yeah, okay, I got it, got it.
Speaking of awful games, but with a wink, how is development of Pixel Poops number two,
your game going?
It was kind of slow this week.
I did work on some animation stuff, so I was drawing a dog.
Yeah, and you know what?
Now that I'm asking you this, I know we talked about this on Twitter where it's kind of one
of those...
We all had a lot on our minds this week, so I think we all were a little slower this week,
and that's fine.
Yeah, it was hard to get motivated to do more intensive stuff like that, so I played a lot
of Minecraft instead, literally doing just chores.
It's like, oh, I gotta go fix this path so it looks nicer, or, oh, hey, we're low on
these supplies.
I'm gonna go mine for a while.
Just stupid stuff like that.
I think everybody had to do what they needed to do for their mental health, and admittedly,
I did not watch the entirety of Bobby's hosting run on Wednesday because I could not tear
myself away from the news.
I just physically could not do it, which probably wasn't the greatest thing for my mental health,
admittedly, but it is what it is.
You put Twitch up on the TV using one of your consoles and take out the iPad.
I know, but I'm so bad at multitasking.
Normal people can do that.
I can't.
I don't know what it is.
Let's not have you ever test out any more iterations of that for YYR.
Right?
Yeah, I'm not very good at doing pixel art, so it was surprising.
It was very challenging just to get a four frame walk animation with a dog into such
a small sprite, and it ended up turning out okay.
So anyway, but yeah, I was gonna mention it later in the show, but hell, I'll do it now.
Big congratulations to Bobby Blackwell and the entire crew.
It's much more than one person, but obviously we're partial to our buddy who we've been
working with here on Sunday nights for what, like 15 years, probably more.
I literally have so long I've lost track and helping with the hosting and helping to raise
money for a great charity.
I have a story on it later in the show, so you're gonna hear it twice, but I think it
was something like 2.7 million they raised for prevent cancer foundation via AGDQ.
And the fact that everything is virtual and the fact that they had to compete with all
the crap going on in the world is pretty stunning.
So big ups to the speedrunners, the hosts, the producers, the behind the seniors, everybody
and everyone that made that happen, because it was a beautiful charity thing.
So congrats, that's for sure.
Anyhow, let's get into our show and the things we want to talk about tonight.
So it's a little bit slower of a news week.
We do have some things to get into, but obviously coming off of the holidays, there's not a
lot of big game releases.
The hype machine hasn't started for 2021 just yet.
Consumer electronics show is coming up this week, albeit very, very different because
of the world, I'm sure you all know.
But CES would be about the first point where we start to get some actual gaming, big gaming
ticket items.
So it's still a little slower this week.
So this, and we'll get into what news there is coming up a little bit, but this is a good
time for us to continue to kind of reflect not just on the last year, which we did last
week, but what's ahead, which is what we're going to do this week.
So we have to do this virtually tonight because usually what we would do is Dark Soccer, Loki
and myself would write on some little scraps of paper and we would fill up Mr. Vader here
for the podcast listeners.
I'm holding up a little tin that looks like Darth Vader, but it's more cylindrical.
And we're going to lock him in this little time capsule and we're going to read him at
the start of next year and laugh at how bad our predictions were.
And I think I left the one about Half-Life 3 in here just because that's going to be
in there every year I've decided.
All right, until the end of time.
In fact, honestly, bury me with this so somebody can find the sliver of paper in a thousand
years that says, did Half-Life 3 ever fucking happen?
All right, moving on.
Let's get into some...
Rob.
What?
If it ever does come out, then we need to have a ritual burning.
Oh, of the paper?
Of the paper.
I'm down with that.
Let's bring a little fire to Orange Launch Radio.
That sounds safe.
All right.
We're chanting to the tune of an ABBA song.
All right.
Burning things to the songs of ABBA.
That sounds like a segment on Understation Live or something, but anyway, let's get into
2021 predictions.
So we're going to do this virtually this year.
I'm going to just kind of know everything down.
I'll print it out.
We'll put it in there for next year and we'll do it that way.
So I'm going to go around and see some of the host predictions for this year.
And then we're going to go to chat and get some of yours because we do tape live over
at twitch.tv slash vog network, the voice geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network
every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
So let's get into some predictions.
All right.
I will start.
I'll do my first.
I never go first in these segments, so it's time for me to go first.
And I'm going to do this one first because I knew I wanted to say this as a prediction
and then some, some leaks came out today that are going to make it look like I'm leaning
into this.
So you guys are going to have to trust me that I was thinking of this before the leaks.
Okay.
And I don't think the leaks are necessarily true.
I'm going to explain how my predictions a little bit different.
I want to talk about switch pro.
Okay.
My prediction, my prediction that I'm writing in is that Nintendo switch pro ain't all that.
Now it doesn't mean it's going to be bad, but it's not going to do 4k handheld gaming.
And I don't really think it's going to do like, like, I think it will support 4k and
the way that PlayStation pro supported 4k, but I don't think it's going to be more powerful
really than it certainly is not going to be as powerful as PlayStation five or Xbox series
X, a hundred percent.
It'll probably upscale that.
I think either.
Yeah.
And I know the leak talked about upscaling, which honestly hadn't come to my mind, but
I was thinking like interface menus, statics, things like that would probably be 4k, but
I don't think the games themselves are going to be as 4k as you want.
It doesn't make the games worse.
Nintendo still makes great games.
I'm just saying, I think a lot of the pipe dream people have in their heads about 4k
breath of the wild part two, I don't think that is going to be a reality, but I do think
we will get a switch pro holiday.
I don't think it's coming any sooner than a holiday.
And I think they're going to do it that way to time it with breath of the wild part two
is one of the release titles for it.
So that's my first prediction for 2021 for sure.
So all right.
And looking in chat, act def says you're stealing one of my cohost predictions that the switch
pro ain't pro and more like a 1.3 version of the console.
You know, again, with the leaks today, I think a lot of people are going to be leaning into
that a little bit, but it's more of those things that the leaks make sense, I think.
So I'm kind of piggybacking on it.
I don't necessarily know if I buy the up sample everywhere part of that.
Like I kind of think that's why I'm not totally leaning into those leaks, but I think elements
of it are right.
So, all right, anyhow, let's talk to dark soccer.
Why not?
What's what's up?
Did I really?
Yes, you did.
I, you stole mine.
That's exactly what I was going to do.
I'm sorry.
So no, you're not.
You're right.
I'm not.
Well, what's your other?
What's the next one on your list then?
Well, I said that some kind soul is going to make me a game featuring possums.
Did dark soccer get a possum game?
Yeah, I need a game with possums.
In 16 bit fashion.
Now so much.
Sorry, I'm quiet, but I'm typing these out as as they're being sick because I have no
advanced knowledge of what these predictions are.
Now, what about the old adage?
If you want something bad enough, you got to do it yourself ain't doing shit.
This is a prediction.
So I'm predicting that somebody is going to be really nice to me and do me a possum adventure
or possum platformer.
It isn't like rocket night adventure.
It's a possum on four legs doing possum things like you have to find trash.
I like that.
And you make friends.
Possum things.
Do something awesome today.
And he has to make friends.
My possum has to make make friends.
He has to have a mama possum who has lots of babies.
And then has to make friends with a raccoon who is literally named trash panda.
And a skunk.
And it's gonna be an active just named it's gonna be called be possum today.
I just said that.
That's what you're saying I take the name is called be possum today.
Okay.
Someone has a yeah and like for Norris says he has to eat ticks for energy.
Kate catastrophe and Chad says awesome possum kicks Dr. Machino's butt.
That's actually I think like a real thing is it really yeah it's awesome possum that's
what I'm like trying not to be I want it to be a little four legged possum that jumps
up and platforms and has to find garbage and scream at people it's power to stuns its enemies
by screaming at it you want a literal garbage video game.
I want a garbage video game starring a possum okay and if someone will make it for me I
will write the entire story for it I just need I need I need this I need this to be
my game of 2021 well you could do it like like epic dumpster or after epic dumpster
bear does it's all unity assets I don't like that kind of game though I want it to be like
a like a like a Sonic ish kind of game you know jumping on platforms and climbing things
and not like doing the midair spins and stuff like that I just want I just want to jump
around and eat garbage now since dark Sakura has availability on her list because I ruthlessly
stole one of her answers without knowing it chat if you have some predictions why don't
you start yelling them out in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog networks that dark
soccer can steal one of your answers sound like a plan all right I love her she'll come
up with something else I want him to go fast I want him to walk really funny hey moving
on we got three hours show we're not going to talk about possums for two hours two and
a half hours all right speaking yeah speaking of going fast okay Microsoft is going to quickly
acquire Sega in 2021 okay this fan wank rumors been going around for like four years why
why and how low key to it even more because they got to figure out how to get in on the
Japanese side of the house and honestly they're not gonna purchase Konami so say it is okay
good prediction my next prediction I wanted to throw something in for the Intellivision
amico because I think a lot of people are going to overlook that this year and my prediction
for 2021 would have been one of my predictions oh my bad well you maybe maybe yours will
be different because that it would be overlooked oh well no no that's actually not the prediction
my prediction is a little bit opposite I'm gonna say the amico will do okay it's certainly
gonna have better success than the VCS but I don't think and I'm willing to say this
I don't think it's gonna tank as hard as a lot of internet people want to think it will
I think the amico will do okay and what I mean by that is that like it's not gonna be
like oodles and oodles of cash but it will it will break even enough to pay everybody
salaries that worked on it and a little little extra chunk of change for a future project
and it's gonna do it's good it's gonna be all right and that's that's my guess for amico
but I think it will survive I think it will be supported through all of 2021 I think they
will I think with the April release they will continue to push it more and more through
the holidays and I think it's something that won't be able to be gauged on its release
right out the gate I think this is truly something we have to evaluate at the beginning of next
year when it's been on the shelf through a holiday period that hopefully looks a little
more like a normal holiday period than this last year did so so I'm sensing a theme with
Robin and 2021 it's just gonna be okay it's not gonna be great you know I'll be terrible
just okay around Wednesday I was like this is gonna be another shitty year and then on
Friday I was like actually 2021 showed up today and said I think the fuck not so anything
I 2021 anything can happen 20 roller coaster and it just been like a week 2021 it might
be kind of possum speaking of which dark Sakura do you have another prediction for
the can a serious one sure so even though my possum one was very very serious I'm not
joking about it I think that we're going to see online communities move off of things
like just standard internet and smartphone platforms maybe not a move but we're gonna
see the new big social media network be in-game networks where I like where you're going with
this gone you can so you can be involved in it kind of like have like think of PSO for
a moment right mm-hmm imagine that you were in your lobby and PSO and you chat with people
in the lobby and you can then chat with your group while you're in your game right you're
like even in Wow but you also have an observer mode where you can join in on other people's
games as an observer and and follow cam with like one of the characters who you know one
of the people that someone's playing okay sorry sorry I don't mean interrupts but something
that comes to mind because it I'm not saying it exists but it's bubbling under the surface
because I've heard about this and so maybe this is the type of year that it comes through
there's a thing called clubhouse and you can only get in with an invite right now so I
don't know a lot about it and I know Twitter is trying to launch competitor to it but it's
like these audio chat rooms that are set up for people to discuss certain topics and they
might be serious like social things that need to be discussed like you know being black
in America might be one of these rooms and you you can draw and with dark soccer when
you talk about eavesdrop you don't necessarily have to participate you can eavesdrop in other
conversations like that's the type of thing that clubhouse and the new potential Twitter
feature is supposed to allow you to do now again these haven't really taken off yet they're
still kind of because I think the big question still has to be answered how do we moderate
this because this could be a nightmare in in trade but you're kind of taking this one
step further into games and I think that's kind of cool exactly and it basically also
will go into the realm of things like say eSports for example like you can sell tickets
to an event and you all sign it kind of like actually how stage it does their things where
you not necessarily like a bid but you I'm trying to think of how to phrase this like
you know you do like you pay for however much the minimum is for your ticket you can tip
more if you want to and then you can attend a virtual concert inside a game environment
or it takes to like a live stream of something but it's all done through our various game
gaming consoles and I think that one of the selling points for future consoles is that
this would be an integrated thing that all of them use for cross console watching and
for a lot of you know like say if you're on a PlayStation and you go to watch somebody's
game on an Xbox for example do you of course will get ads or you might have to have like
pay for an extra tier of account for cross-platform gaming in a cross-platform chat or something
in a small way you're almost describing PlayStation home but like 2.0 like next like evolution
type of thing I get where you're going because I think I actually like the more you explain
your idea the more I'm kind of like I get it because there's a lot again a lot of things
bubbling under the surface you talk about the virtual concerts Fortnite has put its
foot in the water and dealing with those we just haven't seen something like that gel
together where it's like Fortnite is known as the virtual concert space like it hasn't
gelled together in a big way yet and I think if I'm hearing right you're saying this is
the year it comes together in a big way for some tech company or even you know extended
into like a you know like an internet thing where you can you know live stream whatever
the game people are on or you have it through steam when you can join in on your game that
way too but I'm thinking of making it something that's just beyond just an online social media
thing and have it be an integrated network and then you know now I think like future
down the line where you like plug into this thing like the fucking matrix and live in
it I guess or you know I don't know that would be that would be a little bit crazy
but it's just sort of where I'm going for certain things I guess I want to think of
something that's going to have longevity and it's hard for me to describe exactly that
but I want it to be something that would go forward yeah no I get it I think it's a great
addiction let's let's write it down see what happens maybe if we don't see something fully
realized we might see though you know kind of kind of check in on how are some of these
things growing that I'm saying or like you know they're kind of bubbling under yet and
I know chat I'm looking at you know Bobby Black Wolf is saying VR chat alt space VR
big screen I'll do these kinds of things but you don't need VR to use them yes but and
so does Fortnite but none of these places are like the definitive you know spot for
this type of stuff nothing's quite gelled together in that sort of way yet and I think
especially coming off of this pandemic and I talked about some of this on last week show
how my work is looking at moving into a an environment very very similar to those types
of things I'm not going to get too detailed because I it would be wrong of me to give
all the details but it's like a similar thing and I think I think that could evolve into
some type of like known as a social media platform for all of that and I and a wider
adoption of one of those or maybe a couple of those things so it'd be interesting to
see for sure one of my other thoughts is actually expanding something like this into a business
environment as well because you know zoom by itself is one thing but if you have like
a virtual meeting room you know you and I need to talk off air okay it's it's it is
out there I can tell you so yeah but again how widely adopted yeah how why everybody
knows zoom not everybody knows these other things yet this might be the year we find
out anyway for time let me go ahead and move on Loki what is your next prediction my next
prediction is that volition is going to announce the next Saints Row game I know it's being
worked on they just have to announce it safe prediction but a good one it's about that
time right yeah exactly well they've already committed or I've already commented that they're
working on one just you know what is it when is it you know yeah so you're saying this
year is the year for Saints Row beyond a tweet saying yeah we're doing it months yes obviously
I don't anticipate they'll come out this year all right I would like you never know you
never know you never know all right my last prediction so here's my real crazy one I've
always got to have a crazy one in there so my last prediction that I have is twitch is
going to get another viable competitor because I think you know twitch is kind of not gone
very checked by a lot of you know yes there's YouTube YouTube doesn't lie to monetize as
easily as twitch does and some of these others and I'm gonna go so far as to say I think
the shot is gonna come from Twitter I think Twitter is going to launch a twitch competitor
and I think because we know they have the technology from their acquisition of periscope
I'm not sure that has really leveraged a lot for them but I don't know it's just it's just
what my gut says so I'm gonna go with it I feel like twitch might be the ones or excuse me Twitter
might be the ones to take a shot at what twitch has going on and we're not gonna talk about
Facebook gaming we don't validate it all right let's dark soccer were you able to find a third
one I think that we're going to see gaming in and of itself become and this is gonna be a
very safe bet but I think we're even gonna see it perhaps surpassing professional sports as a big
moneymaker in the US economy it might already be there I I don't think it's coming that way that's
why I said this one's pretty much safe you're right this is a safe bet game mostly this year
games will continue to make money and a lot of it but you know what you know what this is an
industry that has always assumed a safe path and it hasn't always worked out that way 1983 called
and said hello right so and I want to say there's been prior years where maybe not us but other
shows I've listened to has gone so far as to say there's gonna be another video game crash this
year so you're doing the opposite of that you're saying gaming's in a safe place we're gonna
continue to make money we're gonna it's it's gonna continue to be mainstream and it's gonna
get to the point where because and you know you talk about sports and I think especially with
the pandemic and everything going on where more people can't go watch sports now again we hope
that at the end of 2021 it's not like this anymore or it's it's on that path to what we remember but
I I get it I I think yeah I think I think yes it's a safe pick but I don't think it's a complete
100% guarantee go ahead it's not necessarily just going to be the fact that it's going to be these
big and I'm on purpose not looking at chat by the way so if anyone say anything about it I don't see
it not really I think I think that what we're even going to see is we're going to see the breakup of
some of the bigger studios into like kind of how we were seeing in real life how some of the big
stores are failing in response to the boutique the rise of the boutique again I think we're gonna
start huh sorry I was finish your thought because and I have to read a chat comment because you are
on the exact same page as someone else in chat and I'll read that here in a minute but I think
that people are going to realize that with these smaller studios that they're getting even better
quality because it's not just oh we got to make all this money blah blah blah they're gonna be
doing it with crowdsource with a lot more crowdsource backing and when these little
studios grow they're gonna employ more people they're gonna put more money into the economy
we're really going to see the growth of true competition and have it not just big be you know
the the first title Nintendo's economies the Capcom's you know it's there they're already
losing their traction so I mean Nintendo is always going to be Nintendo they live in their
own universe and they don't count but we're gonna see the indie developer the single developer start
expanding a bit more but without losing the things that make us love them and they're going to be a
bigger contributor to that economy okay so which chatter do I think you're extremely aligned with
here in chat our very own Bobby Blackwell when I said here no here's when our own when I said
that comment about the video game crash in 1983 he replied if there's a crash it'll be triple-a
games too many people can make video games now that video games will still exist even if the
triple-a companies crash and I'm definitely hearing the common denominator between that
and what you just said yeah yeah but I mean I don't think we're gonna see the big the big ones
crash I really don't but I think they're not going to be as important you're gonna see a little more
of an equalization I think is a good way to put it the big lower the Indies come higher because
that's been happening very slowly in this industry ever since Xbox Live Arcade launched and steam
started having a lot more games on it and I I even sort of changed the one I was going to do
because I thought I was gonna do that you know we finally get another Silent Hill game blah blah
whatever but I was thinking about that and I was thinking we have really amazing games come out
from people who were in those I guess triple-a company universes who broke off on their own and
did their own really big game you know they had the backing for it it was considered a triple-a
title but I'm referring more to the triple-a studios you know for example Kojima breaking
off so those are just you know kind of what cemented that thought in my head so it's kind
of a it's a serious one and we're gonna still see that economy growing and employing more people but
I think it's not gonna be the big companies that are the driving force so before we get to Loki's
third prediction I'm gonna add a chat prediction to the list because it's a little a little bit
adjacent to what dark soccer is talking about but separate enough I think it's worthy of being added
here and I'm gonna give it to SSJ 100 Matt and put in the jar for this year that says there won't
be a video game industry union but there will be a massive dev lockout that will help trigger
towards that so we're gonna finally see the damn burst what's that that is true so but it's a
prediction you don't know it might maybe they will unionize by the end of the year or maybe we're
just gonna have the the event that leads to that still I like that a lot as a prediction it's a
little bit adjacent to what you were just talking about but not quite the same thing so yeah for
sure anyway guys keep those predictions coming sorry some of them have scrolled off the screen
if you had a really good one that I missed put it back so I can pick that up because we'll get a
couple more in there meanwhile let's check out Loki's last prediction so my last prediction is
gonna be that despite how unlikely it will be there will be a new Silent Hill announcement
this week or year not this week that'd be too soon this year I know it's completely unlikely
and never gonna happen but crazier things have happened so and I apologize because you cut out
there for a little bit I had some problems with my earbuds so I had to listen to the TV you you
are going so even though dark soccer just said I thought about doing Silent Hill you are doing
Silent Hill and say yes it is happening something safe like oh you know Microsoft will incorporate
Xbox Live gold in the games past that's just that's just too safe so I'm gonna do that all
right let me get to some other good ones in chat let's do a cup pull a couple of these from chat
these are good let's decide which ones of these we want to put in Zen monkey 11 says I have two
predictions Facebook will create its own PlayStation Plus Xbox gold type of service so users can play
their oculus games without having to log into Facebook if they want to play offline second
rockstar will announce GTA 6 but it won't be called GTA 6 oh that's a good one I like that
one act deft oh I really like this one e3 is a hundred percent done and it's never coming back
I like that one that's a bold-ass prediction let's do it help me with the dead air guys
that goes in the jar I like that I agree with Bobby they're not gonna ever and unbundle oculus
from Facebook because you know Facebook likes to collect all the data I could see them doing
something similar though too I think vibe does this with their library right now where you can
get like kind of a path to some of that stuff but I could see them doing something similar with you
know the oculus like if they haven't already I swear that there's something out there I've seen
advertisements for paying for something you get access to a library of VR games so I don't know
yeah I think that is by port so sure why not that's easy all right why by our suggests mine
is that Nintendo just hold off sorry mine is that Nintendo will cave to investor pressure and keep
3d all-stars on sale past March I think you're half right I don't think it's because of investor
pressure but I think the gag will be that it comes back after they have already pulled it
like in great Disney way I think it comes back before the end of the switches lifetime but it
won't be this year I don't they're gonna do some shenanigans shenanigans will be afoot I'll leave
it at that this is a pretty gutsy one from SSG 100 Matt saying Sony PlayStation Plus library will
rival game pass when it drops a massive library of PlayStation 1 through PlayStation 3 games at once
I feel like that's the fan talking the fan wank the Twitter demanding person talking but I that's
PlayStation now though that's what they're trying to sell PlayStation now with hmm oh I like this
one from business lamp hi there by the way who says um Google stadia has a surge in popularity
you know we're really quick to laugh that off I think in the beginning because of you know we've
had a lot of criticisms of stadia but cyberpunk change the game I think not only though that is
just because the other versions so bad I don't think that's necessarily like all you need is
one all you need is one to hook them in no all right all right all right I think I I think it's
a good prediction all right um let's see I had some other ones here okay shad stars ik our buddy
Shane playing it extremely safe with the safest prediction I've ever seen super giant will follow
up Hades with another amazing game maybe like a first-person shooter mixed with a farming sim I
don't know and it'll gain critical acclaim and further cement them as the best indie dev out
there I think that's definitely the fanboy and Shane talking but I love the I I love the idea
of SPF PS meets farming simulator right I love that um let's see what was one there was one more
about Animal Crossing in here and I think it was from Sia Tabiri Sia Tabiri in chat says Animal
Crossing New Horizons will by the end of the year provide a way to have a secondary place for
second-tier animals you don't have room for on your island similar to the pocket camp cabin oh
is that like the Pokemon go eggs you to hide them in a different place we think about that the
Animal Crossing the island of the undesirable redemption island is what it is right Animal
Crossing redemption island where they have to partake in challenges and only the greatest it's
the only time to the death it's the only time that twist will be good all right I'm gonna you know
what fuck it I'm putting it in the jar Jamie's not here at the moment she stepped away for a
moment so I'm gonna sneak it in when she's not looking Animal Crossing redemption island
all right perfect there we go that's enough you guys all had great predictions you know what there
is nothing stopping you oh well our folks there is nothing stopping you and especially those are
listening on the podcast feed you have a jar somewhere you have a piggy bank that's unused
you have a piece of Tupperware somewhere put your predictions that down down right three of them put
them down lock them away in a in a thing that you're not gonna look at until next year because
I'm gonna ask the listeners again those that decided to actually do this and make their own
time capsule I want to know what you got right when we do this again next year so we'll talk
about that in chat in one year's time all right dark Tetsuya said redemption and island is that
like a survivor thing yes look at least I didn't say Animal Crossing island of the idols okay I
knew not to go there okay okay all right anyway all right that's some good predictions we'll see
I will print that out cut them up and put them in the jar later again I have to do this virtually
this year because we're not all able to do this in studio I think the biggest 2021 prediction I'd
like to really hope will come true is that in 2021 we are back to recording in person that is what I
would love to see happen in 2021 we're back in person we have vaccines we're able to do this
shit in person and yeah all right so good I like the act F says I made a Google spreadsheet that's
fine that's a good way to do it I I if you want to do your own virtual time capsule that's fine
too a file you don't look at for a year all right anyhow let's get into our gaming weeks
let's talk about our gaming weeks and what we've been playing so I'm usually I would start with
dark soccer she stepped away for a moment so I'm gonna go ahead and start with Loki how was your
day sorry I didn't play a ton of stuff this week it's been mainly Orna and it's been minecraft I
finished a lighthouse in the redstone with that I finished tidying up some stuff and then because
my kids kept saying they were making secret bases I made a secret base so they'll never find it you
need to do a video tour to supplement for our audience here who wants to see some yeah I kept
thinking about doing streaming stuff for that and it would be fun there's a lot of people that do
their survivor multiplayer servers and stuff that's really a lot of fun if you have a lot
of people that are streaming playing with you then you can just keep going on there but yeah
I should probably do that I've been thinking about it that was a good good little bonus content thing
all right I see dark soccer is back at her chair so if she doesn't mind me calling on her oh she's
getting ready to eat something so maybe I will do my gaming week and then we'll come back to
our soccer you want to go okay it's just okay pudding pops all right I'm laughing but I'm not
meaning to I'm sorry but it's just like oh god the misfortune I'm sorry I was also my exfoliating
face stuff too so my throat now has ground-up coffee that was God she's telling you you got
a nasty mouth you clean up your act pudding all right how is your gaming week um it was okay I
mean mostly I really didn't play a whole lot of anything in favor of watching a GDQ I played
Animal Crossing of course patterned has new things out and so I've been playing patterned
again because y'all know I love that game and I have other things that I'll need to ask of our
listeners when we're done with this segment all right we'll come back to that I'll get into my
gaming week okay I've been waiting to tell you guys about this one because I know you're gonna
tease me and I totally deserve it but I do want to talk about this a little bit so do you remember
about a year and a half ago I played an o RG an online reality game an org and I won you remember
that and I talked about that and I called it it's funny that we got into survivor jokes earlier
because I called it a survivor LARP you remember that whole thing well I haven't played anything in
quite a while but for the last two weeks I actually have plant been playing another one
but I was playing in secret because it was an anonymous game at meaning the people in it did
not know who each other were now hold on to your butts because if you think me talking about
participating in a survivor LARP is the nerdiest thing you've ever fucking heard wait wait lay
these and gentle them wait because I've got more the anonymous org that I was participating in was
based off of the television show Schitt's Creek where we all had to roleplay various members of
the Schitt's Creek community I want you to keep in mind I've seen the show Schitt's Creek four times
I think it's a hilarious fucking show I you know that the things I've watched I've enjoyed it y'all
know I just play so many video games I hardly ever have time for TV so I was playing this game and it
was it wasn't totally survivor it was like Big Brother and it was all like it was a bunch of
psychological games like all mishmash together it was pretty intense for the two weeks things
like that I'll give you an example for example it'll be like okay the eight people that are left
in the game you have a gold medal a silver medal and a bronze medal you can give one of these
medals to somebody else in the game the gold's worth five the silver is worth three the bronze
is worth one whoever has the least amount of points at the end of this will go up for eviction
like the bottom three or something like that will go up for eviction so that is that was like what
it was and so it was like a little games and there was one I will tell you where my video gamer ass
blew everybody away one of the games was we got to play Tetris a mobile but yet take a screenshot
of a Tetris game y'all I smoked the competition in Tetris and I played it one time thank you
Tetris effect my 2019 or 18 game of the year for all the practice with Tetris that when I played
the played it on the phone it was not a problem for me and that was a lot of fun so pixel pocket
says wait so it's Schitt's Creek RP mixed with survivor game yes this is the sixth or seventh
circle of nerdom hell that I and it was so much fucking fun like I have to tell you people were
really into their characters and the chat is dying to know were you Moira no I was not Moira
in fact unfortunately unfortunately Moira and I were very much on strategical opposite sides a
great person I'm sure but in the context of the game strategically we were just like completely
opposite sides which is funny because the character I was assigned was Johnny Rose or
Eugene Levy in the show so my wife and I fought the entire game basically but the like the show
well yeah you pretty much sort of well the hilarious thing I had a tight alliance so the
Alliance was me Jocelyn shit and Ted the veterinarian who I think dates Alexis or
something in a story arc and Robin Robin is Moira's wig in one of the episodes early on
so this is the Alliance that pretty much owned the game right to the end of the game and there
were other alliances and things like that but you know we were for the for the final five basically
so we were kind of in cahoots with Patrick another character so this is the nerdiest fucking thing
you've ever heard about in your life but it was so much fun and like getting to talk to everybody
afterwards like legit the people I talked to a lot it was all done on slack you're probably
wondering how do you do this and this is part of the reason I agreed to do it because I knew it
wouldn't be video calls until late in the morning late in the morning like it was last time I played
I knew the challenges wouldn't be insane like two-hour endurance challenges like how long can
you stand on one foot you know things like that I knew it would be like quick and easy type of
stuff and playing on slack was how we did it was that it was only gonna be text chat and things
that and it was it kind of was like a throwback to when I used to do this shit on AOL instant
messenger back in the day on live journal so so yeah that's how it was so that that's my adventure
into the sixth or seventh circle of nerdom hell and I loved it and yeah I thought so oh do you
want to know how I did I was I was the runner-up I did not win this time I was the runner-up I got
beat unanimously by the person that won but I kind of knew it was coming I know exactly what
the the Jocelyn shit won the game spoiler alert because I don't think it's all posted yet sorry
Francis if you're listening um but um I you didn't make me sign a contract though um but so Jocelyn
won the game and she had very very strong social connections I got to know it is so weird because
we were in these characters but at a certain point the roleplay kind of stops and you get to
know each other like as people even though I don't actually know who it is but it was somebody I
didn't know before we actually like I she told me about how she's always been the runner-up in game
she's never won a game and so she won this one I'm like legit happy for she deserved it I know
exactly what I well mostly what I did wrong I would have hoped I got one vote but it's all
right I'm over it I I knew going into it it was probably gonna go this way and how her game was
better than all that and she totally earned it and I will have you all know because it was
anonymous nobody knew who was what and people could be characters that were not their own gender or
whatever they wanted to do right out of the 11 players in the game 10 of them were men in real
life and yes the person playing Moira was a man Robin was a man they were all men one woman in
the entire game and guess what the woman was Jocelyn's shit so a woman conquered the entire
game so misogyny is dead in 2021 let's hope all right but no seriously congrats if Jessica's out
there listening because I told her about the show you earned it you did an amazing job and yeah
legit I met some really rad people in that so that's that's why I talk about it on the show
and you know if y'all can play D&D it's basically that okay but like a somehow nerdier version of
it what I'm actually I got invited to join a roleplay group and I think a few of them might
be listening so hello travelers but it's it's a supernatural one well you know any guess guess
who's playing a guy oh you this bitch all right we're guess which guy I'm playing uh Castiel no
that's the only character name but Dean Sam so close my favorite I only know some of their names
all right yeah no it's it's uh it's it's great you know in and in all seriousness you know why
are you talking about this on your video game podcast and all that stuff you know we just had
this discussion a little bit ago about like mental health and things you have to do to get through a
big reason why I signed up for the game was because this was that same week during the
holidays where I had to cancel Christmas I had to cancel New Year's I wasn't doing anything so even
though you know let's all point at laughing Rob let's all point and laugh at Rob for doing one
of these again when he said it's gonna take a lot you know what a pandemic turns out it's a lot it
was enough to get me to go do that again so that was that um I'll give the community a shout out
to the the community is called TV land kind of like the network over on Facebook and if this
sounds like the sixth or seventh circle of nerdom hell you'd like to live in go say hi go check it
out they're planning another season I can't say much too much about it but they're they're quick
games get your mind off of the bullshit in the real world for a while yeah so shout out to Francis
and Stefan over there who did a great job with the TV land game I had a lot of fun um other games
I've been playing this week I randomly went on Xbox and started downloading more titles I
checked out the burnout paradise okay keep going to say burnout paradise city but that's not it but
I played burnout paradise remastered because it's on Xbox game pass I was like I haven't played a
burnout game in like five years I want to play one and so that was really fun I was trying to
get some achievements in that and it looks really good and really snappy on the Xbox series X I had
a lot of fun with that I've been playing a little bit of Pokemon go so they did these collection
challenges this week and I was about ready to throw my phone because I could not catch one of
the stupid Pokemon that I needed to catch but I finally got it yesterday so all is well unclench
but I like the idea of these little mini challenges with collection medals I just wish there was a way
to ensure that some of the pokey spawns were like a sure thing because that part started to get
really frustrating that was okay that was what was starting to get irritating otherwise some of the
other typical GPS games and oh Final Fantasy 14 as always I'm still playing that thing crafting
is getting a big thing next week in the game and so I'm all ready for it so yeah that's been that's
been a really good escape to to get together with friends and do things in Final Fantasy 14 because
I can't do things with friends in the real world so thank you video games thank you survivor LARP's
thank you all these things to help us to thank you AGDQ and all these things that help us take
our mind off it that's for sure all right let's get into some other news before we do I think
dark soccer you wanted to like throw out something with listeners right I did so one of our our
longtime friends in the show and a really really long-term friend of mine Gwen who may still be in
chat under finara I want to do a few things to help her out she's been in a really tough
situation that's her story to tell but she she's had a lot of very personal loss just in the last
few months and needs need some help so I do have a GoFundMe set up I'll be linking it in chat and
it's pinned on my on my Twitter page at dark Sakura but I would like the listeners to pick
a game that's in my my I almost said twitch it's a steam in my steam library or if I can get it
figured out just some classic game that I own something you know even if it's something that
you think I'll hate if it's a game that you think I'll hate and I don't own it I will accept you
buying it for me if it's a low in other words is what you're saying I mean we have a bunch of
halos on other systems so I mean I guess I can hook up one of the Xboxes we can fee I can ding
dong ditch you my my old Xbox one with my master collection our master chief collection disk if we
need to like there's ways there are ways yeah okay um but I will once I can you know get set
everything set up my my goal would be to to raise money during it but who whoever contributes I'm
trying to think of how to do this right because I don't want to get the channel in trouble or
anything don't come don't commit on air maybe just like you know to be continued on your Twitter
which you work some of these things out but yeah I'm looking for suggestions but I will take
donations with the suggestions and that will add a triple vote okay based on a certain dollar amount
and I'll put something like that on my on my Facebook and Twitter's more public anyway so it's
easier all right well best of luck I hope I and I can't wait to support the stream or whatever it
is you end up doing with that be fun I'll put it this way every every minimum every ten dollar
amount so every multiple of ten will count as an extra vote toward that game awesome okay all
right set a date though but not you don't have to right now but maybe like next week all right yeah
it's probably gonna happen my goal actually is to get this going on sometime either next week or the
week after but I want to promote it this week and let people think about it okay all right let's get
into some gaming news there are some things going on this week even though you know it's it's it's a
slower time of year for gaming news we saw a few things to talk about and sometimes that is things
things from not just last year but many years ago right Loki yes from 2006 so apparently a core
design was a studio that was behind the original Tomb Raider series they were working on a remake
of the original game for its 10th anniversary on PSP and of course you know the game never came out
on PSP well now they have apparently the contents of the game have been uploaded to the Internet
archive as part of I guess the doing of this Tomb Raider fam site called the tomb of ash and
apparently they are able you're able to take this and actually play it it looks pretty good actually
considering you know it's a remake of the first game I mean I could definitely seen this being
released I don't know why it wasn't released at all but apparently it says the game had been
canceled instead of being published side entertainment they went with a multi-platform
remake developed by Crystal Dynamics which was a two meter anniversary game so this pitch didn't
end up making to a final game but the Crystal Dynamics one did so yeah too bad it looks pretty
good though yeah I love when these like unearthed games kind of show up all over again and it's like
kind of getting to discover this thing and that's kind of been a thing I feel like we've seen more
and more of it the past couple months like Sega put out that golden axe thing not that long ago
right like there's there's been little yeah these canceled projects coming back to life and I like
it when it's official like obviously the Nintendo hack stuff is super dicey but when like the
companies kind of like embrace it a little bit it's cool although I guess this one wasn't wasn't
really embraced right or well I think it was just that there was another project going on at the
same time so it just didn't end up you know come into fruition but um still pretty cool yeah I'd
love to check it out do I do I even have a working PSP I guess I still have a working Vita so there
is that but might be kind of hard to get going I don't know let's move on and talk about something
else from the past that's been making headlines this week you've probably seen this all around
different gaming blogs and that is a conversation between Microsoft and Nintendo in fact a lot of
the headlines say Microsoft tried to buy Nintendo at some point and essentially and a lot of the
headlines are saying and got laughed out of the room as a result which I I don't know if it's
quite that simple I mean surely that was probably part of the discussion but of all it also might
have been a starting point to try to get to another type of agreement and maybe that is
Nintendo games on the Xbox which obviously we all know Nintendo wants no part of that shit
Nintendo you know they kind of started to go down that road with the whole CDI I know that was a
little bit different the CDI was a result of the CD expansion for the Super Nintendo that never
happened as part of like the divorce agreement between Phillips who was helping to work on it
and Nintendo Phillips got the right to use like five Nintendo characters in their own games thus
the Wanda Gamelan and some other games that really were a stain for Nintendo so Nintendo has no
interest on being on other platforms like ever again like Nintendo will die as a company before
that ever happens as far as licensing games so like have Microsoft make a Nintendo game or
something like that and I don't even know necessarily if they're totally opposed to that
I mean you have you know the Mario and Sonic games and those you know are built by Sega true
there's been other games you know have been developed by Namco and stuff like that so I
don't think that they're completely um you know shooting all of those down but like I mean it
would be pretty cool if they had like a service of their own games that they could you know say
for example if I could get the Nintendo online channel on you know my Xbox or something like
that just say game pass on switch just just lean all the way in okay the only thing though is this
story is about a meeting that happened in January 2000 so game pass wasn't even in anybody's
imagination at that point yeah it was a long time ago this meeting happened so they were still
planning the Xbox at this time and you know and before you say god what a bunch of idiots at
Microsoft keep in mind in the year 2000 you're coming back the Wii hadn't happened yet so you're
coming out and the GameCube wasn't out yet you were coming off the Nintendo 64 and some technology
that was really starting to like not be on that same level as where Sony was at so that was kind
of Microsoft's leveraging was you give us or you give us the games we'll give you the technology
this is a great partnership and honestly yes but you know and any fanboy who's ever said I wish
they would just put Mario games on the PlayStation or on there like that's basically what Microsoft
went in there asking but you know it's obviously not taking into consideration that Nintendo wants
no fucking part of that they don't need it they don't want it they ain't gonna have it and so
that what leads to the headline where they got laughed out of the room um head of business
development for Microsoft Bob McBreen said in an interview uh we actually had Nintendo in our
building in January 2000 to work through the details of a joint venture where we gave them
all the technical specs of the Xbox the pitch was their hardware stunk and compared to Sony
PlayStation it did so the idea was listen you're much better at the game portions of it with Mario
and all that stuff why don't you let us take care of the hardware and then I love this but it didn't
work out it didn't work out but you know yeah but on one hand honestly was Microsoft wrong
I don't think they were wrong but the only thing they were wrong about is that Nintendo
doesn't give a fuck Nintendo has their own approach to things and that and that continues
on into the year 2021 so I don't know I thought that was kind of an interesting thing that was
going around but especially because that headline where like Nintendo laughed Microsoft out of the
room and I'm kind of like I think it goes a little deeper than that like would if I went back and
looked at your old tweets did you laugh Microsoft out of the room on these things where you know
Mario should come to PlayStation all that stuff because I don't think a lot of people did so I
don't think I was even thinking about that yeah now some folks in our chat room over
twitch.tv slash vog network uh pod culture is saying master chief in smash and then act f points
out banjo kazooie and steve are in smash so who's to say that a meeting back in 2000 didn't at least
and even if they all had a good laugh about it whether they were laughing with or laughing at
uh who's to say that opening those lines of communication all those years ago didn't lead to
something like what we see now which is a little more of you know the the a little bit of helping
each other out here and there so and sj 100 matt says it was not seriously entertained was the
actual comment really because the one I read said but it didn't work out you don't say
all right I thought that was an interesting story and I loved I loved those little pieces
of gaming history where it's kind of like what could have been who knows
anyway dark soccer why don't you take us to our next story
um the uh a multiple winner uh of the uh tetris world uh champ that I can't make even words
happen uh the classic tetris world champion uh jonas newbauer has died um
um it uh I don't see exactly what it was that that did it I'd have to to look uh
I don't think I think they've just said sudden emergency so it kind of you know
but it's still I mean he went seven times so I mean that that's that's uh a very important
you know person I guess in the community and to lose somebody so suddenly
you know just uh wishing the best for his family yeah this is some um this is some really sad
news there's no real easy way to talk about especially somebody young this guy was like
three years younger than I am so it's um it's it's really tragic to hear about these types of things
and I think a lot of you probably watch those tetris world championship videos that this
yes it was that guy yeah that's uh uh was in them that um passed away and that's that's really
really sad so um anyhow um tipping our hat and remembering uh this week um let's move on try to
move on to uh other news uh it's it's been a heavy week and that has led to some things in
the gaming world too right loki um yeah so there is some interesting um things going on on twitch
so apparently one of the emotes uh pogchamp was featuring the face of streamer ryan gucex
gutirrez um and apparently they took it down because he was tweeting some extremely um
questionable things and they didn't want to necessarily associate with him so because of
that they had disabled the pogchamp emotes and um eventually then are replacing it now with
a new uh pogchamp emote that will feature different streamer spaces making the same
face that they're going to swap out every 24 hours hopefully none of them have said questionable
things on twitter well honestly this although obviously the situation is yikes the resolution
kind of leads to one of those things where it's like this is kind of the way it should have always
been you know like twitch is more than about one person like i'm not here to like knock people like
you know ninja or whatever that have done very well i mean unless they act a fool then i will
knock them but you know as far as like their success you know and stuff like that hey great
they've been successful but twitch is much more than one person you know or one you know community
it's about the greater community of all these great twitch streamers that we have and yes
diverse types of twitch streamers that we have just in and i'm not just talking about you know
things like sexuality and colors of people's skin but the countries they're playing from the types
of game that's all important too don't get me wrong but like the types of games that they're
playing as well the the things that they're into and the the stories they have to share so i i
like this resolution even though the way we got here was a bit of a oh yeah i'm kind of like
it should have just been this way from day one like have a rotating face of the why not the
people on the front page rotate every day so why not have some of your emotes rotate as well all
the time so i mean it's kind of makes sense yeah so yeah and it's interesting sha100 matt says
i knew the emoji didn't know it was an actual personality yeah a lot of people didn't know
where it came from but you know i'm i'm you know i'm glad they addressed it and ultimately you know
you can qq about free speech all you want although you know big huge fat reminder free speech doesn't
apply to private platforms so period that's not really has to do with criticizing the government
yeah so yeah you can go the free speech is what allows me to say president trump sucks
because in some other countries you criticize a leader like that you get thrown in jail
so i i'm thankful for folks you can yell fire in a movie theater just saying right so anyway
civics less than another day but i think it's also important with everything's been going on this week
um but i i think it's really great that we're you know highlighting again a bunch of different
people and things like that so and and bob blackwolf rotating through some of the other
popular emotes saying these are also people yes of course they're they're uh modeled after people
now do you guys want a hot take that i think is is not going to be popular but i'm gonna say it
anyway um i think in general these emotes of people's faces are generally a bad idea now
don't be wrong hold on let me finish the pogchamp stuff cool some of these iconic twitter things
that you know folks have cool but if somebody and nobody has but but i'm gonna say it anyway
if somebody were to come up to me and say what emote icon should i make for my channel
i'm gonna say please don't use pictures of your face because that's everywhere that's everywhere
use something else and maybe use just my my old speaking here but um i don't know what half of
that stuff means anyways exactly faces and stuff i have no idea what it's representing um
it's cool i guess i mean they can have their own you know uh speech in twitch and whatnot but i
just don't get it see you see it seeing them they're very annoying yeah see it tabiri just
posted a couple and you know and i know you're doing it to be tongue in cheek and on topic but
i literally don't know what i'm looking at they're so small i don't know what they are the face palm
i get that one but especially like when we're talking like you know even more popular chat rooms
and stuff we're just scrolling by it's like i don't know what it that's just garbage it's
literally just garbage being thrown in my face yeah so just something to think about now when
i was watching gdq do you know what the most common there were there are two two comedy
emotes that i saw the lamp which is an inside joke but it makes sense it's not somebody's face
i'll give you that and the clapping emoji yes that that is a good one to spam because we're
not in person we don't have an audience so yes use your clapping emoji and use it a lot
yeah i believe in fairies yes clap okay it's it makes sense so anyway again you guys are
posting these emotes and i'm like what the hell are these i don't even know all right anyway
let's move on shall we let's move on to a story about monster hunter you guys have some monster
hunter emotes to share because that's what's topical for this story uh a brand new demo for
monster hunter rise came out just this past week if you weren't already aware i'm sure if you're
a monster hunter fan you are but if you didn't know there is a demo now available for monster
hunter rise and it's available on the switch e-shop it is a limited time demo you have to
grab it before january 31st don't we love our limited time i i love like it's like nintendo
in there we're going to artificially shorting anybody with supplies i don't think this is
nintendo is capcom yeah but this is how they have this is how they handle their demos whether it's
like you know it's for a limited time or we're gonna allow you to play this demo only 30 times
before you can't play it anymore it's an antenna thing so it is limited to uh there are 30 quests
in the game and dark tatsuya and chat says there it's limited to 30 plays so it's that same kind
of totally totally nintendo told you you know that part's nintendo yeah so oh but bobby says this one
specifically is a capcom thing so maybe but nintendo started it capcom's continuing it i
don't know but um yeah so uh i but 30 is a lot i mean on those here's the thing have you ever
actually used 30 plays of a demo my my kids have yes okay all right i'll let it go all right jumping
flash i guess there was that time i downloaded the luminous demo from an e3 kiosk with the ds
download thing and i i i refused to turn off my ds for like three weeks so i could keep playing
the luminous demo yeah so i used to play all the playstation magazine demos used to bring in the
school we'd play like the cool borders 2 2 demo over and over and over and over and over again
i eventually bought the game bobby says capcom did this even in other countries
um so anyway all right let's move on i i'm curious because i didn't i'm not a big
monster hunter person um oh bobby says other consoles not other countries so the same deal
is on the playstation whatever so anyway my point is outside the the weird constrictions of it i
don't get into monster hunter i have tried several times there was one on the wii u i tried to get
into couldn't get into it i tried playing dauntless not that not that long ago i think i
saw vg realness or somebody streaming it and i was like i want to try this and i tried i couldn't get
into it it's like i can never get into these monster hunter games and i just no offense to
the fandom i know these games are huge i just can't get into it so for those that are into
the fandom what did you think of monster hunter rise the demo because admittedly i haven't tried
it and i'm not exactly in a hurry to although i probably will at some point so i'm kind of
curious what those of you who actually played the demo feel about it so um dark tetsuya says it
seems like it might be more fun than generations ultimate at least so uh see it tabiri says i'd
rather be playing monster rancher all right fine um quest buster says monster hunter world is good
stuff but i still need to try out the rise demo uh shad starzik or shane has actually played the
demo thank you and says the rise demo was crazy fun and ran so well compared to what i was expecting
because it is on the switch and so again and we just talked about this with the nintendo
microsoft boardroom story uh nintendo is not known for pushing the boundaries on tech so
uh it's still coming off as impressive even with the fact that it's on the switch uh dark tetsuya
says yeah that's fair it's probably harder to get into if you're not already familiar which is
probably a bad idea fifth dream says monster hunter world was the only monster hunter i played
and i loved it and i burnt myself out on monster hunter after like 700 hours so i'm done with it
wow you say that now fifth dream but just one hit of the new one you never know so anyway thank you
guys for the feedback uh i i'll check it out at some point i gotta go in and download it but i
guess it was doing so well it like crashed the servers the day it went up so uh a lot of people
wanted to check that out all right moving on uh just a few more stories when we get to our classic
game of the week but first dark sakura
one of the things about agdq uh this year is that we saw and one of them i watched a uh
two world records broken back to back that was pretty cool um the one i actually sat and watched
was uh sonic fox oh sorry flying fox i don't know why i said sonic sonic fox that's a different
flying fox um actually uh played uh which of the it was one of the sonic okay it was the sonic the
hedgehog 2013 and sonic 3 angel island revisited um were the two games that were played so sonic
the hedgehog 2013 i believe it was the um android one that had some elements from the later sonic
games and uh she beat her time actually she matched the world record during her practice i
think and then well surpassed it uh during the final run and then right after that uh zaxxon 96
uh broke a world record for sonic 3 angel island revisited i didn't watch that one um but i did
see flying fox and just actually just funny watching her reaction was absolutely breathtaking
i mean just i love watching that moment where someone accomplishes something and they don't
quite believe it make sense yeah oh yeah for sure um so it was really good and congratulations
um uh bobby blackwolf went into great detail on awesome games done quick on his show tonight
um since he's able to give a little bit of an insider's perspective you know having uh
been been a volunteer again this year um and uh or specifically a host i should say because i
think there's a difference between those two titles um but uh bobby gave a lot of insight
there and was talking about how uh the speed run he was hosting for yoshi's island ended up being
like the number three best time of that game ever uh if the person running it didn't already have
number two and you you only get on the scoreboard once basically so so it would have been number
three and and obviously a lot of people were talking about stage five four and just some of
the create and i was actually watching that when i did i did see that part on wednesday and that
was insanity that was just like damn that takes some skills i went trying to find the other ones
and i couldn't because i knew that there were a couple others that i didn't catch but
i uh that i that one for me just because it was when i witnessed i was like yeah yeah girl yeah
very cool what were the other two uh bobby's saying there were four in all that happened
right during the event diablo 3 um okay wow diablo 3 three man even world record the four
man time that's pretty impressive and then super or brothers yeah i said that one i did see because
they allotted like 40 minutes to the slot and uh dude beat it in like what 15 minutes 15 minutes
something like that no it was pretty quick no i take that back 18 because his time the world
record was 36 and he cut it directly in half oh wow roundabout yeah and that was really fun
because that one for a kaizo style game it didn't have the same feel to me as a kaizo game it was
more of a technical game if that makes sense like not everything in the universe was trying to kill
you you just had a set way that you had to beat the puzzle right and yeah super orbit brothers
was was a really good one i i that was probably one of my favorite runs to watch next to uh
rugby baby that was a great that was a great moment so hard don't don't spoil it don't spoil
it because people gotta watch it for themselves no no no but i need to find a picture of like
the happiest moment for that baby and have that be like my new icon for everything all right
all right let's move on and let hey guys let's talk about nudity loki yes so apparently koei
techmo has filed charges against um somebody that was allegedly selling unlicensed dvds filled with
naked dead or alive characters so this is kind of like your rule 34 stuff where they i i don't know
if they're still using like the source filmmaker and stuff to make some of these things but you
know the like cg animated like take video game characters and have them doing illicit stuff
well kind of the same type of thing they made a uh dead or alive extreme um venus vacation
and have been modding it to you know make it look like they're engaging in sexual activities
and then selling dvds which is a big no-no because you don't own those characters and
also who buys dvds nowadays um but apparently they have you know gone after them because
obviously copyright issues um but it's the internet all those out there those boobies
are copyright koei techmo those are we own those
but yeah so uh i just i haven't heard of a lot of legal action against a nude mod in quite some
time it's been well it's not necessarily a mod per se i mean it's sort of i mean i guess it could be
but it's it's more of just like taking the characters and then like turning it into like
their own thing kind of like how you see a lot of the um folks doing stuff with the overwatch
characters and stuff like that like activision blizzard could come after them you know for doing
that type of thing especially if they're profiting from it um i think a lot of it's you know kind of
anonymous on the internet and people aren't necessarily selling dvds of it but if if they
were caught they could be you know responsible for you know penalties because of copyright and
infringement all right i got no good transition here so i'm just gonna get into the next story
which has to do with minecraft earth or should i say had to do with minecraft earth
because minecraft earth which uh again is the phone game the ar game for minecraft yeah
people were saying it's like pokemon go i that that is really i was like that is how you know
somebody hasn't played it it was nothing like pokemon go it just happened to take place in the
real world loki you've probably played a little bit more of this than anyone else here so let me
finish your crew they're shutting it down june 30th 2021 because it didn't work yeah and uh one
good thing though is like if you did purchase anything in the game they are giving you a free
copy of minecraft so if you um do end up i don't know but basically uh the problem with it was
there's like no point to it like it it was like you could you go and click these tappable things
to get resources which you could use to get blocks in the game to build stuff but like honestly like
the build spaces that you had there's no shortage of blocks i mean it's it's pretty much almost
impossible not to have the resources to do things in the game and i don't know if i didn't really
play it very long so like they didn't have even really gotten to like a lot of the crafting stuff
in there you can make tools and stuff but a lot of that wasn't fully implemented yet when i had
stopped playing it um the ar stuff that they did was pretty cool um i mean that was definitely
really awesome the problem was because a lot of the ar stuff was reliant on you going places to
do all that it was hard to kind of do that in a pandemic um and that that was my next question
was is is this because of the pandemic like i i heard they made some changes to try to make it
a little more like pokemon go did the same thing that that is something those games have in common
so that you would get like these like gem things that you would be able to redeem to like kind of
spawn one of those instances near where your location was um and they were kind of cool i
mean but it was just there wasn't really like an end goal like there was like different achievements
they had along the way to get more xp that you're like okay you know today you have to capture five
sheep or something like that and and some of it was like kind of hard to do but like it was just
i don't know there was never really a point to it and also it ate my battery like it was a very
unoptimized game yeah um i don't know if it that ever changed but like when i was playing it in
the very uh early part of when it came out it was just so so unoptimized um i think it's gotten
better i've seen like some folks you know especially they've partnered with different
minecraft streamers to kind of showcase the different things i know there's one i watch with
some of the folks from hermitcraft um agree in and mumbo who do they did this like kind of uh
road trip thing and they they really made stonehenge and stuff and uh recreated that in in
minecraft earth and so it's kind of cool um but it's just i don't know it's a really great
concept i think it was not executed great though and i think i think maybe the pandemic also just
like didn't help the inertia in the game and yeah they didn't communicate well like what was the
point you know and i think that was a big uh problem with it and and what ssj100 matt is
saying in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network i honestly forgot all about it which i
is i guess in a sense what was the problem me too matt and the game is on my phone and i just don't
because i always check out those ar games because i'm a sucker for all of them i've played them all
i've played them all um and and i forgot about minecraft earth because you're right they did
they weren't very good at communicating like what's the point what's the competition what
am i going for here what's you know what do i have to look forward to tomorrow where do i
interact with other people like that just didn't really get realized ever in the game and i don't
know if the pandemic just fucked that all up for them or what and they never like i know one of
the things that they had talked about is like building creations and putting them out there
in the real world which you can sort of do and interact with them but they're not persistent
which is kind of irritating i mean i guess that's probably a good thing because there'd be dicks
everywhere but um it's just it would still be pretty cool though like get to have that stuff
be persistent because then you could just go places and that would be more of like kind of
like oh i'm going to go to the park and see what's there you know or something um but there
wasn't really anything like that um you could bring a creation that you make and put it out
into the real world but like it i don't know it was just it was tough to it had a lot of good ideas
but in the end i guess it's just not really um successful but i hope that they bring a lot of
i mean they've already brought some of the stuff over to the uh regular minecraft i hope that they
bring a lot more of these mobs that they've created in this game to the uh vanilla minecraft
as well okay all right well let's take a trip down memory lane and we're gonna go to a time when uh
there was there was no ar games you couldn't you couldn't play this stuff on your phone you know
why because your phone was in your car or it was in your kitchen on a cord it's the classic game
of the week dark sakura is going to take a trip down memory lane and uh find a game in the vault
that she thinks hey this game is worthy of your attention and by the way before we get into
tonight's game a quick follow-up to last week dark sakura you would be very proud of our twitter
people as they have a or excuse me our twitter people are uh wiki people as they have quickly
added flag or the fucking weird arcade game of the month officially to the list for this year so
i saw everything is set up wonderful thank you five people all right uh so but anyway tonight
is not a flag because you did one last week so we've got a good a good old classic in fact again
like here we are again episode 851 you have literally picked 601 of these over the years
we started the segment in episode 250 you have picked 601 games somehow have never picked this
one which i'm like what well you you picked adjacent games but you didn't do this one yeah
this one or the one i played dark soccer all right what is it let's get to it what is the
classic game of the week i picked the nest version of strider um by the way you're you're a little
quiet for the listeners you might want to get just a little bit closer to the microphone i think
you'll be better fucking thing sorry my uh i'm a professional yeah you're fine you're much better
now yeah well it's just because the thing tilts down and i don't have anything to hold that in
place so everyone can see me fighting my mic on oh god i hate this thing no they can't see it
because they're watching strider oh good well i hate my pop filter and i want it to die oh my god
i hate you okay here we go and that's the sounds of what happens when i fight my tech equipment y'all
how i sound now you sound very loud and very clear so strider all right strider so this particular
version of strider came out in 1998 uh for the nes released by capcom only uh in north america
um i well actually i think only in north america um yeah there's a famicom version uh was never
released um this was developed um in tandem with the arcade version um so also the nest version
uh was included in the 2006 game boy advance compilation capcom classics mini mix so i'm
going to back off a little bit and say that this game is not the same strider that you think it is
um it is a uh it's it's a little bit more of a a scroller game size for the platformer but you
go and look around for this kind of like more like teenage mutant turtles if that makes sense
you have to go find different items um get different discs that have uh information that
goes with the plot you have several characters can also give you new abilities um that help you
like bypass different uh areas and everything but now here is the thing about this game um
this game is based off of um a manga um comic uh comptique uh which is a well it was a among the
anthology that was published by uh katakawa shilton um had a strategy manga that was uh
released from may to may and october issue made two october issues in 1988 and then a single issue
ended up uh tankoban sorry was uh released in november of that year so it basically has the
same characters and the plot that was used in the nest version a few differences um where uh
i don't i mean there's certain characters that die you know they die in different places um some
characters live um and then there was um an uncollected uh chapter that was called
that was also uh published after the main series so it has uh uh you know more things that go after
the the ending of the game um but at any rate yeah this um this game um well and it was uh
actually named strider hiryu um to be released in uh japan there was the it was announced while the
manga was out and they had it scheduled to be released but it got delayed to 1989 and then it
was cancelled so we still had the localized version that came out here in the u.s. um that
came right after the the arcade game um it the artwork on it is interesting i don't it's just
when they were doing the super american artwork um yeah but i mean there's people who love this
game i mean i'm i'm not one of them i'll just go ahead and say um but you can also uh you know it
it's it's got an interesting story to it i do enjoy the story to it um one other thing also
this game is that you can use your your it has a password system so um but every time you request
a password the game will end with a description of your progress so far and gives the title of the
next adventure like it was uh an anime or a tv series or you know even in a manga series so
it's kind of neat um but yeah it's it's not if you're expecting to go through with ha ha ha ha
and sailing on fighter and fight you know oroboros um it's not the same game it's completely different
game it's a very different game and you were kind of talking about like people you know maybe
preferred this game i wouldn't say i necessarily preferred it but it's the only one i knew you know
as a kid because i didn't have a genesis i uh for whatever reason i never noticed the other strider
in the years i think i think a couple years later i saw the strider in the arcade at one point i'm
like this is nothing like strider you know um but my frame of reference was this particular game that
we had rented a couple times i think nintendo power had some of the maps and i thought the
little tunnels that you traveled through were cool so yeah i i i have fond memories of this game but
it's clearly the the genesis and the arcade one are are the better games um but this one was
what's that he's walking is so fucking weird in that game yeah but this game is gonna meet
himself in the chin well and this was also the game that brought us that horrific uh triangle
jumping i don't know if you remember that from this game but you had like wall bounce basically
and it was really really hard to do and would just drive you crazy i think they did something
like it in a metroid game or something later on it was really awful there too uh but even harder
here um so yeah i i i do remember this game in fact i see in the in the youtube we're watching
right now of somebody playing the game there in egypt and i remember this level like i do this
you know and it comes from an era of capcom um there's definitely an engine that powers this
game the capcom you know backbone of a lot of their uh a bit nes era games there's a lot about
this game that feels like duck tales mega man bionic commando and a lot of the nes games of
the era you know what i mean oh that guy just wall jumped right there the sprites uh style is
very similar to bionic commando i think stylistically duck tales of course has the
disney touch yes of course yeah stylistically i think bionic commando is probably the best
comparison in this game yeah yeah but but and i'll be honest you know my i i i had never seen
this when i was a kid um my first exposure to strider was totally dying on the first stage in
an arcade um and then you know dan's sitting me down when i moved out here and says you're
required to play this and i beat it i love i love that these are the requirements uh to date
number one you will beat strider there were a few requirements number one was don't smoke number two
beat strider reasonable number three was playing through uh castlevania symphony of the night
again reasonable very reasonable all all games that i've beaten and you know except for smoking
because that's disgusting and i won't do it so well and how many years have you been together
as a result 23 this month there you go there you go me personally living in this state on the 23rd
oh oh it's your golden year
all right it's it's the it's the year of consequence uh anything else
is the number of consequence anything else to say about strider um i guess play it if you have it
um then you'll see why uh why it makes me cry that's no good music in it though yeah it does
have some really good music i think it's it's it's worth checking the manga is really good though
it's worth checking out just to see how starkly different the games are and the fact that they
were of like the the same you know intellectual property essentially they're two very different
games one of you know but i actually did really enjoy the manga it was oh god not the same story
that was the wall jump part i and that guy just did it flawlessly i can't watch it it'll affect
my internet um but i mean the manga was pretty good i look at it as just like a completely
different universe from the main continuity because the main continuity is from the arcade
version followed by strider 2 and then there is the remake from that series so
i like how every single person that's in this or every single uh sprite or enemy drops
what do you mean just drops it just drops like they spawn in they drop
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah there's a lot of graphical bugs in this game but on on an old tv keep in mind
a lot of the bugs you see on the perimeter or the outside edges keep in mind an old crt tv is going
to hide that so it didn't it looks bad now it looks worse than it did back then when you were
playing it on an old tv because you can't see some of those graphical bugs that are on the edges
that's interesting all right wait that was it there it is your classic game of the week strider
the nes version specifically all right thank you dark soccer for that pick let's get into
some rapid fire news and travel around the gaming world and see what else is happening this week
loki it's all mods so uh first we have this ridiculous snowboard mod for witcher 3 which
is hilarious it allows you to add a snowboard to uh jarl's inventory and looks like it works almost
like the shield in um breath of the wild i need to play this now um so yeah it's pretty awesome
if you want to check it out nexus mods of course and then of course there's a first person mod
for moral combat 11 so that's kind of uh uh interesting that's like a straight out of the
street fighter playbook there yeah then fps oh yeah that's switch version yeah yeah yeah so
um actually i think the 3ds one had that too but yeah so that's also something you can uh
check out as well um pretty cool well i don't know how many of you had the super nintendo port
of street fighter alpha 2 because most people stuck to the saturn or the playstation if they
were going to play this game but there was a super nintendo cartridge version of it uh and get this
after 25 years a cheat code has been discovered for this game uh it it was reversed engineered
and has been discovered that on the tie if you put k a j in the high score table go to the title
screen and hold down lxy and start on the second controller that's a lot you will be able to play
the game as shin akuma so that is that is something that's been hiding in that game all this time
what'd you say this game you own this game i own this game you should check it out maybe so
although i always joke about this game as being like one of the first cartridge games ever played
that had load time yeah right yeah um yeah i i figured you would have skipped the super
nintendo i know you're a street fighter you know type of gal obviously sakura came from somewhere
i didn't have anything else i had a mess that was the best thing i had before i got here okay
okay i just borrowed my friend's playstation forever but i i didn't move out here with
anything new except i owned a copy of final fantasy 7 and that was like it yeah why why
oh and dragon ball gt yyr in chat says holy crap it's no wonder nobody ever found it naturally and
it kind of makes me wonder why was it there in the first place and usually with these cheat
codes the way it worked back in the day is that if they weren't found or they weren't you know
whatever within about a year the cheat codes get leaked by the developer to to draw interest in the
game again and get the coverage in the magazines and all that stuff so it's weird that it took 25
years in reverse engineering to figure this one out especially when we're talking about another
character in the game that's a big fucking deal anyway act f says the super nintendo port of
street fighter alpha 2 is a technical prowess yeah for sure i've played that on super nintendo and
it's a miracle that it runs that's for sure but maybe that's also it is that you know that was
really one of the last games on super nintendo uh 96 when that came out right super nintendo
was really on its way out the door at that point so um yeah all right anyway um also on its way
out the door netflix not totally just the version that's on the wii u and the 3ds eshop uh the
service for netflix will discontinue in june the apps actually were already removed you cannot
download them they are gone uh if you already have the app you are able to redownload it but again
that will go away on june 30th uh you may or may not remember the wii version of netflix yes netflix
was on the wii uh was turned off a long time ago it was turned off back in 2019 what if i have the
disk then it's not going to work anymore that's the problem they want to do like a a firmware to
netflix there's some older tvs that won't run it anymore and stuff too so and to be able to do
things like uh bandersnatch and some of the other things that they're doing with netflix they have
to kind of get people off the old platforms so sorry to those that were uh holding out
loki what do you i'm sorry we're actually to dark sakura what do you have for us
uh well uh the uh total amount for agdq uh 2021 was 2.7 million for for the uh prevent cancer
foundation um and uh they even uh hit the uh uh the final uh god why can't i think of the name
the uh incentive to do yeah oh my god um to do uh the legend of zelda um ocarina of time uh
glitch exhibition which i hate this thing which was actually really really fun um but i started
nodding off because it was after midnight um it was it was really great it was really a lot of fun
um and then um a uh you know we know about limited run games right but they are doing
a pretty epic version of scott pilgrim versus the world the game uh three different versions
are coming out um so there's the classic edition um so well there's just the game you know that
there's that so there's also the class uh game classic edition which uh has a instruction book
uh reversible cover uh clamshell case blah blah blah it also has the a physical cd um it uh for
the uh for the soundtrack sticker sheet uh clash demon head commemorative concert ticket and a map
and then there is the ko edition which has all that stuff and a cd and cassette of the uh a
cassette tape of the uh soundtrack um a hardcover guidebook uh the deluxe clamshell the crew member
ticket reversible covers blah blah blah full-size drumsticks uh that feature the game art three sex
bob-omb guitar picks uh light medium and heavy gauges a scott pilgrim loading screen enable pin
a high gloss foil the seven evil x's uh the trading cards and uh two sticker sheets jamie
your voice is fading just you know it's because it's stupid mic it's my mic stand so um but at
any rate uh i need to figure this out but at any rate um it uh goes on sale on uh january 15th
starting at uh 7 p.m seven a.m pacific time for six weeks and you can go online for your reservation
all right we're gonna have to uh i don't know if it's been done but we need to clash demon
head classic game of the week so we can talk about that band all right anyway because that
was that was a real game i'm sure many of you know that but some might not uh i remember that game on
the indians all right um let's move on uh oh yyr with a hot tip in chat apparently walmart is
offering a 70 e-shop gift card for only 49 dollars right now 49 change right now uh and uh he went
and he bought one so if you want to discount it who knows how long that'll be available so hot tip
for those of you watching live all right um let's move on we have some more gaming news oh but first
we want to travel around the world and check out release dates although i have a feeling january's
kind of a slow month but let's check in loki yeah so we've got a few games coming up this week
starting off with five nights at freddy's core collection on nintendo switch playstation 4 and
xbox one mx gp 2020 on playstation 5 and last but not least scott pilgrim versus the world the game
complete edition on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 xbox one and stadia there is nothing in japan
this week next week we get going again in japan dark sakura we have on the 12th of five nights at
freddy's uh core collection and then uh on uh this looks like the 14th uh mx gp 2020 the official
motorcross video game on playstation nice that'd be it all right let's get back into some other
news loki so apparently uh the roblox corporation the creators of roblox have valued themselves
at almost 30 billion dollars after a recent round of investments um of course they still haven't
um listed themselves directly yet on the actual stock market but um so far investing seems to be
going pretty well i know my kids play constantly so i wouldn't be surprised i hear about that game
a lot so and i i've never really gotten into it myself but because i think it's i'm not the right
audience for it but uh it's definitely not what i'm into yeah but i mean cool hey you know it
seems like kids learn a lot from it so all right yeah um something else you can learn a lot with
how to use a twitter avatar to play video games so this is very similar to maybe like uh twitch
plays pokemon but instead it's being done with somebody's twitter avatar via twitter now they
didn't suddenly figure out how to get like a fully animated twitter avatar that plays out in
real time but what's happening is that it's a bot that essentially updates a screenshot in an avatar
of pokemon red every 15 seconds so what you do you reply to a tweet and every 15 seconds it scans
the replies to that tweet and the button press that got the most tweets is the button that is
pressed and the avatar is updated and there it goes it's like the old ass webcam from olr's
second or third year it updates every 15 seconds but that's what it is and it it's a clever way to
do uh another type of twitch plays pokemon experiment which was the whole it goes back
to the whole um what is the analogy can a can a an animal type a novel if you leave a typewriter
in front of it or something like that like eventually it will type a novel uh eventually
twitter will beat pokemon red because eventually twitch did too with the help of supers superheroes
ah and what were the big pokemon names but like they all had ridiculous names because none of
it made sense so yeah oh there was the helix thing oh yeah that was a big thing yeah uh
jesus s 200 matt says i remember that webcam it was pointed at the guest couch right
yeah it was um so loki had actually built an old arcade cabinet and so the camera was on top of
the cabinet and pointed towards the couch that's how it is yeah dartitsu says something like a
thousand monkeys will eventually type shakespeare it's some it's something along those lines i
forget anyway um whatever happened to that cabinet look i think it was fucking gigantic
oh i just mantled it when i moved to the second apartment complex because it was upstairs and no
no no not moving that upstairs it was too big i never built it uh anyway i think uh what is what
is the linked i think it's a screen shakes is the twitter account if you want to check this out i'm
trying to trying to load that up now and verify and actually maybe get a peek at where they're
at in the game right now um but that is that is the account i believe yeah screen shakes is the
one and um i can't tell where they're at based on the avatar my knowledge of pokemon is not
that good i'd ask shane to help but he didn't like gen 1 although he still probably knows looks like
they're in some sort of town it's loading very slowly for me but yeah screen shake is the account
you can do uh to get in on that if you want to play some pokemon on twitter moving on i believed
our soccer is next well i might be look my mic's not moving i figured out what the problem was
um anyway uh epics games uh they have just recently announced the acquisition of a video
game software development company rad game tools um they're uh they basically were saying that um
that they are looking for them to assist with more photorealistic uh games and that they uh
that they're going to be partnering with epics rendering animation insights and audio teams
to bring that technology um into uh unreal engine and beyond that so they really uh
like what they do and say they're gonna play nice with them by buying them sounds pretty rad
all right uh but that's not the only thing we have to say about epic games right logan
uh right because as is the trend with a lot of this uh coronavirus and everything is that a lot
of malls aren't doing great especially since nobody can shop in them and in general i know
we have a local mall over here that's about ready to be shut down and bulldozed but um my childhood
apparently the uh terry town or the carrytown center which is a 980 000 square foot um site
and apparently it is this mall that epic is looking to purchase and they're going to
make that their brand new campus for um epic games and so they're going to open it in uh 2024
uh after they refurbish and rebuild the area so i don't know if they're going to tear down a lot
of that stuff but they're at least going to use the area to build their brand new campus but i
could see them like kind of just reusing them all well i hope they keep anti-ans like you know
there's certain there's certain things in the mall that really should stay that maybe the employees
will want to enjoy just based on you know looking at everything it the mall is pretty damn it yeah
it looks like sunrise mall that's what she's saying it looks like our mall yeah or pretty much
i can't help but think about that uh billy eilish is that her name that video or i always say
william eyelash like um in the sketch that was outside my life um but uh her video have you seen
that video where she's in the mall and she's just dancing around to see because the mall is
completely empty and then but for some reason all the food stuff seems to be open so she just
she just walks into anti-ans grabs a pretzel goes to potle gets a bag of chips and i love it because
it's just this whole like i'm just gonna eat all this stuff energy and i don't know what she's
trying to say with the video but i love it yeah i i do like the pretzel places like if if somebody
would work just all that stuff outside of like you know in the mall because man like there's
some of those like the uh it wasn't anti-ans they used to go to it was um cinnabon pretzel
no it's pretzel time okay oh the other one okay and um like those things are so soaked in butter
they're amazing like i would just like so our local grocery store chain over here really
actually started selling giant pretzels out of their bakery so that's pretty good but they're
not as they're not butter so like that stuff i mean like like going to wintels when i go to yeah
disneyland yeah so like now wintels um is it wintels pretzels pretzels pretzels pretzels yes
um yeah i need i need someone to sell them like that not the good pretzels like you know the
actual pretzels that you make the german pretzels but like i want the buttery ones that's what
because like was it um the dairy queen bought up orange julius i'm just about to make an orange
for a while and they were gonna have uh orange julius and and now they've discontinued the
machines there too i'm like where the hell am i gonna get my orange julius now it's not in the
mall it's not dairy queen i mean yeah i can make it to a home like i know how to make those but
like the authentic ones so like i can't get that anymore because they shut them all down
um as jonah matt mentions the piercing pagoda will be across from hr
things though with people buying the uh um store like buying the malls and turning them into uh
housing like transitional housing for the homeless i've heard of that too huh yeah i like that better
i just love the imagery of epic moving into a mall it's just kind of like you know oh you need
to get to finance okay just go through claire's um make a ride at sabaro all right teach your mom
s says will suncoast and sam goody be open as well look whatever epic wants to do sam goody
goody neither of those exist anymore they don't time they don't oh fucking a all right
true story i think i bought my last 45 i ever bought it a sam goody
the hot dog on the stick stand will be run by the ios app developers
all right enough enough mall jokes next there's a suncoast
there's still a suncoast i'm like the fuck where the what the one side well there's still a
blockbuster that's still on my to-do list if the pandemic doesn't finish it off i'd love to go but
i think the last blockbuster up in oregon that's now their whole like mo they have made it their
thing it's like we're a tourist destination now because we're the last blockbuster
the last blockbuster in the village that's right i am the only blockbuster
i just remember that suncoast was the only place that i could go in and buy subbed anime yes back
in the day yes because i did not i i don't know there's a lot of people have a fun place for that
you know mid 90s late 90s uh uh um voice acting uh you know dubbed voice acting but keep in mind
that a lot of the stuff that i started watching was like taped off of tv in japan or you know
off of tv in japan or you know sixth generation old fan subs so i wanted to continue with some
of the series that were now being commercially released with the same voices and it was the only
place that i could go get my ranma vhs tapes fansubbed not fansubbed just subtitled so and
they always cost more um i never got why they cost more dart tsuyin chat says i've seen people
do youtube vids making the trek to the last blockbuster video you know when i was doing
that road trip where i went to go visit shane back in like september october something like
that i really considered taking a detour through oregon so i could go there but it would have added
like six hours to my trip i needed another day so i could do it like it just wasn't gonna happen
that time but uh yeah one of these days uh when covet's over uh dark sakura we'll go on a road
trip all right sounds funny we'll go up there and we'll get some act popcorn with butter what was
the brand they sold in those stores all right anyway act one no they no act you can still get
act popcorn in the grocery store rob yeah okay well that normal what can what can i get that's
like specifically is the word oregonian uh anything with no sales tax someone else to
pump your gas well that's not what i'm talking about because we we were doing that like once
a year anyway when we went to to prosser washington to see danza and voodoo donuts
okay voodoo donuts i'll give it that so they are pretty good well and hey vanara can um can vouch
for me in our chat can vouch for me gwen can vouch for the the how i would save up paychecks to go by
my subtitled anime i love it and the raw version of uh that was like three generations old
of legend of the overfiend that we would uh make up our own uh dialogue to all right last story
tonight maybe suncoast would be exhibiting here at least attending if they were uh if they have
more than one store left but there is consumer electronics show this week that's right it is
happening january 11th through 14th but of course not happening in vegas across several convention
nope ces 2021 it's virtual just like uh everything else has been for the past year or so uh somebody
had just joined chat a minute ago going when was the last time you were all in the same room
march much like a lot of you march was the last time we were all in the same room so
uh and you know there hasn't really been big conventions since then yes i there's been some
ones but i was sick so i think february you're right well i had that cruise i had pneumonia
i was on the cruise i think we did one more episode here in studio after the cruise but it
was just right it was just loki and i you were sick i soon remember that yeah that was the start
and i had pneumonia for like six months yeah yeah all right and then i had pneumonia again go fig
all right anyway um so ces is going to be virtual this year uh there'll be you know like live
virtual showrooms live stream events and things like that uh and you know what honestly this year
you have a lot of companies that are just releasing stuff kind of early but you're not
going to be able to go to a room to see televisions anymore uh the laptop pcs and accessories connected
homes drones robots transportation virtual cars that's all expected to go online and they're
saying it's going to be a slower quieter show fuck off covet 19 um but that is that is what it is all
about but we might still get some news out of it um somebody had brought up in chat earlier it's
a good time for arcade one up to make some announcements usually um again a lot of those
like furniture in your house that do tech things this is a good time for that so we might get some
updates and sort of some sort of those types of collectibles but i wouldn't expect i mean very
rarely do we get big gaming news at ces even if e3 was a spin-off of ces back in the day i would say
the last big thing i remember ces was when microsoft game room was announced rest in peace
they did announce that at ces but i i don't i don't think anything like that's going to happen
not this year so all right um anyhow that brings us closer to the end of the show but before we
wrap up we like to check in with the listeners in the segment we call the listener round table so
um and i'm sorry the headline is wrong it's just a chat mailbag um because this is the part of the
show where we like to visit our mailbag as well every week we invite you guys to participate
participate at orange laundry.com is the place to send us emails and dark sakura will pick
um some to read on air if she has any one all right so let's let's get to our email tonight
all right um hello peoples during our time of social distancing i've gotten into cocktail
mixing the mixology app has been a great aid in this there is nothing that compares to the mixology
app on ios as far as cocktail mixing apps go there's nothing like it on android at all mixology
did not pay me to send this email this brings to mind a topic for the round table there are many
examples of games that are exclusive to one platform for which there are no comparison in
their genre which examples spring to your mind um i wish the emailer flash i wish the emailer given
us an example read that question one more time a genre that only exists on one no no no so there
are there's no comparison in their genre okay okay so i guess there's nothing really like
jumping flash on another system and it's just the first thing that sprang to mind um
um go back to the roots well i was gonna say the roots of the show the bimani stuff was always like
on playstation you didn't really see it anywhere else but then i guess rock band and guitar hero
kind of broke that mold and did um kind of put it everywhere because then my brain kind of goes to
those you know parappa the rapa but then again sega did have some pretty badass music games of
their own back in the day they were just very different um well you know what honestly fuck
go back to the dreamcast and look at a lot of those games we don't have anything like where's
where's samba de amigo where's uh space channel five where's crazy taxi i would say yeah you know
what those are my answers a lot of those like obscure sega dreamcast games that we love i don't
think we've seen anything unless the thing to keep in mind until they get ported to other stuff later
sorry is it a lot of those more obscure dreamcast games had a lot of their start in the arcade
yeah so and they could port their own games and but at the time sega was doing interesting things
in the arcades with um you know i i wish we had gotten like something for jumbo safari or
something for example that's another good one yeah but we were getting um you know the dreamcast
was essentially you know scaled down naomi uh hardware it would play the naomi games so i mean
the biggest thing that i was always pissed off that we never got was planet harrier on dreamcast
someone if someone like could convert that i would pay for it um but yeah i think that just more goes
in line with what sega was doing at that time but it's a good example i mean because we weren't
getting some of those same types of games on other systems um shane is pointing out in chat space
channel five had a vr release sequel thing not that long ago that's true you know i guess i guess
we have revisited those things a few times to move oh that's a good answer too that's a good one the
best to move series um my brain also went to how about that we haven't seen this in quite a long
time something like okay but i know i know what somebody somebody in chat is going to respond to
this instantly i will get there please point blank for uh you know that whole series and the
light gun genre in general we haven't seen that in a very long time now i've heard sharp shooter
but you know he i was here's where yyr brings up sharpshooter yes yes thank you for pointing out
also why yr that uh planet harrier karu and not naomi yeah so but i'm just saying something
something really back in that kind of like namco you know a shooter type of thing we haven't that
was kind of unique to that and we haven't seen anything like that in a long time i guess so no
namco is doing like the giant arcade ticket spitter thing so which is weird that's a tough question i
would have need i would need more time to think about that did the email or give us any of their
own examples no well i you need to email back who is it i'll get to it when i finish the email
all right go on please proceed also i'm intrigued about the possibility of the kentucky fried
console as i am always looking for something to do while using my air fryer besides impatiently
waiting for my tasty nom noms stay care redertainment skiing is the word i won't use
all right redertainment you email us back i i need i need your examples to this question that's
a tough question but you know what you know what a feature of the kfc console maybe a console warmer
is what we need on other uh consoles maybe it's maybe it's not the games it's the features
why would you want your consoles to be warmer did did you not just talk about how you wanted
the kfc console last week on the show to warm your chicken my chicken but i don't want something to
warm the console all right okay all right yes a warmer in the car if you know what i mean all
right well the actual exhaust from cooling this yes yes but i wouldn't put i wouldn't put chicken
anywhere near that exactly you know what i want uh something that'll keep my delicious calzone um
nice and uh nice and warm because i have a pizza oven now keep your hot pockets hot no no my pizza
stuff that i am making from scratch in a propane pizza oven excuse me have one now oh nice nice
and i want something that keeps it warm while i'm gaming all right i want to make some easy
bake oven cookies while i play games that'd be fun Trixie Mattel did like five videos of using
an easy bake oven and it's amazing even dan loves them just saying perfect you need to watch them
rob you really do all right uh hey your life will be improved hey live folks uh do you have any
questions for us in chat for the round table before we uh move on and wrap up the show shane
is saying i would kill for a new bus to move game same in fact he was the one that brought over the
spiritual successor whose name i can't remember in the moment dance summit that's it dance summit
of which i finally own a copy oh right yeah i remember that yeah yeah uh twitch.tv slash
vog network bobby blackwolf asks rugby baby or baby rugby uh and again different things i don't
know what rugby baby is you need to find out no spoilers go look up the sequence from uh
awesome games done quick it's on youtube and rugby baby just because that's how i heard it
the first time and the thing is that i think that with and i don't want to spoil it but i think that
bobby's question rugby baby or baby rugby would actually be two completely different things that
you wouldn't say this you use the term interchangeably for the same thing i think
it would actually be two completely different concepts they would but again i don't want to
i don't want to spoil every your homework assignment is to go watch because i'm not
going to protect you from spoilers next week audience all right okay so your homework
assignment is to go watch rugby baby because i will not protect you from spoilers next week
but but get this like the whole time that everyone was talking about that
the baby monkey song was going into my head but i was singing rugby baby rugby baby you know so
yeah all right uh let's see um there was one that scrolled off the screen real quick before
act if said something um oh sacred jade said scott pilgrim game physical release yeah we got
that in the rapid fire news but uh anybody planning on picking it up i don't think i'll
get the physical release but i will download the game for sure that was a good yeah and the
soundtrack is so fucking good um yeah i will definitely check out the game again for sure it
was a good game so all right um let's see one other ah yes act deft was asking in chat uh
what's a game you're looking forward to seeing released this year um good question i think a lot
of times we don't know about them yeah we don't know about them right now um yeah i i feel like
breath of the wild 2 this is the year for it and so that is the one i'm gonna say it's so hard we
just don't know what's coming out yet if starfield ends up being this year i'm very curious about
that i like space games i like the idea of a bethesda game in space i don't like the idea of
a buggy game in space so i hope they take the time to get it right so maybe it won't be this year
but um those are some titles off top my head that i'm looking forward to i'm trying to think i think
there's something in springtime i was looking forward to as well i can't remember them off top
my head so all right i can't really think of anything but breath of the wild 2 so yeah and my
possum game that someone's going to make pixel poops number two and and yeah pixel poops yyr
steam release and commodore release as well and so so when when they finally make this possum
game that you you're looking for and they decide to speed run it is it going to be possum games
done quick yeah yes there should be a special segment on eight on the next agdq called possum
games done quick uh s sj100 matt wants to know now that agdq is over uh among us vog edition when uh
soon trademark uh i am working on another vog project right now i uh i don't want to say much
more than that but it's coming soon trademark but yes that is on my my mind i wanted to do
more streaming this week and i think i actually did one that was the same time as awesome games
done quick but for obvious reasons i didn't want to do a lot and i certainly didn't want to do one
when bobby was going um so i i'm trying to get back in that habit but we did a really fun stream
uh of final fantasy 14 it was uh shad starzik and our buddy ray we were map hunting together and i
think we had a lot of fun with that because they built this whole thing in fantasy 14 where you
have like a big roulette wheel that spins in some map rooms and it's it's like a game show it's
really funny um so i'll try to do some more of that but um i also want to do like some dj max
streams and play some other games that aren't just final fantasy 14 although that one is uh
certainly a fun one to play all right well i think with that we're going to move to start to wrap up
the show here for this week i do want to thank you guys for tuning in and checking out the show
thank you for supporting orange launch radio and checking us out we are the show where every gamer
has a voice so if you enjoyed what you heard here tonight please tell a friend or five about the
show help spread the word a tweet goes a long way an auto host on twitch goes a real long way for
vog network we really appreciate all of that um thank you thank you so much to those of you that
go the extra mile uh that's all we ask help us spread the word if you do want to contribute in
a financial way we really appreciate that as well we'll always take bits and subs here on twitch
um also if you want to support us uh on the shop you can check out um some things for sale there
over at vog network.com slash shop and you can check out like an olr t-shirt or a sticker make
anything olr merchandise just please have permission do not put those stickers places they shouldn't
be uh other than all of that i think we're ready for some final thoughts so um loki i'm gonna start
with you tonight final thought tonight final thought is i really gotta buckle down and work
more in my game quickly uh my final thought is i have an eight o'clock zoom meeting in the morning
that means i have to like be up and adam right away and that's the worst who does that on a
monday that's not nice oh well uh dark sakura what's your final thought um please again go to
my twitter at dark sakura d a r k s a k u r a my pin tweet is uh the uh the fundraiser i am doing
for gwen um and here's what i said you have until 10 15 so that's friday to donate to her gofundme
the the link is in the the copied one so if you reply in there with your suggestion that counts
as one vote but donate ten dollars and that's another vote in increments of ten a hundred
dollars will give you 20 votes 500 donations will be an instant win for the game that you
choose that which could mean multiple streams all right all right well that is that thank you very
much everybody thank you for tuning into our show whether you were here on the pod uh excuse me
whether you were here live with us at twitch tv or on the podcast feed we really appreciate
taking the time out to check out our show have a great week happy gaming everybody and we will see
you next sunday night good night everybody you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into
vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
