My Gaming Spheres never included Katy Perry, yet I recently learned that she recorded
at least one of her songs in Simlish, the Sims language from The Sims, and this week
Ms. Perry is signed on to be part of Pokemon's 25th anniversary.
When I think of musicians significantly in gaming, I think about EDM mainstays, Marshmallow,
Cascade, and all the other hypesters, but Ms. Perry is absolutely more appropriate and
approachable for the Pokeverse.
This is just my bubble of news and memory, it's now time for your hosts Rob Roberts,
Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news,
starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends, out there on the internet, welcome back, it's another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio Live, once again, January the 17th of
2021, with episode number 852 of our show.
I am Rob Roberts joining you here in our studio where we always gathered every week to talk
live about the latest and greatest in video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
Obviously for obvious reasons, I don't need to detail right now, for the last nine months
we've been doing our show in a virtual format, so joining me via the magic of Discord, say
hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm a little frustrated, but okay.
Well, for what it's worth, you sound great right now, so don't change a thing.
Well, honestly, I need a wrench to tighten up this one little bolt on here.
I've been figuring what's going on with my mic is that there's some loose bits on my
arm, and so if I put it in just the right way, it starts drooping down because gravity
always wins.
Y'all were missing Dark Sakura before the show playing with power tools, or actually
I did a, for those that-
What do you mean?
It's a screwdriver.
Well, you got to put some power in that tool, but that's right.
How about the gun show?
There we go.
But so part of the joy of doing this show live, and I put joy in quotes, because we
do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern ish, right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG network.
And the joy of being here for the live stuff is that sometimes we screw up and you get
to see it live.
So tonight I had a false start where I actually, so you know, I'm sure many of you have used
Open Broadcaster Studio, just like we do, and you know the magic of scenes, and sometimes
you might click on the wrong scene or push the wrong button.
And that's what happened tonight is that it played the little pre-show, did the little
bumper, it says VOG network, then it went right to us and Jamie's sitting there trying
to get the microphone going, and I'm like, oops, I hit the wrong button.
Take two.
I mean, I certainly don't mind showing the stuff that happens behind the scenes to the,
you know, 25 people watching right now.
It's it's whatever.
Screw ups happen.
It's whatever.
Anyway, say hello to somebody.
No, say hello to somebody who never screws up.
It's Techmaster Loki.
I do all the time.
I don't know what you're talking about.
OK, that's true.
No, I'm kidding.
How are you?
Ah, my head hurts.
Other than that, I'm good.
So the chatters have correctly called out, I believe, that you've got Scott Pilgrim.
Is that the new one or the old one playing behind you?
I mean, I know it's the same thing, but the remaster is the same.
Well, one's remastered, so it looks a little.
I was watching.
So our pal Ranma from Anime Jam Session was playing on Saturday night, Friday night.
I don't remember.
It was some point.
And I was watching for a few minutes and I did kind of go, oh, this looks a lot cleaner.
Like it's a lot crisper.
He really just comes through.
I think.
Yeah, it's the old one.
OK.
But still, it's close enough, right?
Close enough.
Yeah, it's fine.
I was too late to get the new one.
Have you seen that meme going around?
And Dark Soccer, you can appreciate this one, too, about how nobody watched Scott Pilgrim
for Scott.
And it's always like all these supporting characters.
And if you think about it, like that movie, which I think is only aged better as like
that's one of those movies you look back and is going to really define.
I think that period of time, just like like people look fondly back on 80s movies like
Ferris Bueller's Day Off and some of that, like I think Scott Pilgrim's one of those movies
that kind of represents the arts or whatever you want to call it, like really well.
But I had such some people like Empire Records is one I think that's more 90s.
But yes, I would.
That is definitely one of those movies, for sure.
But like well, and Tiger Claw and Chat says, actually, you know, you're right.
I was thinking of I don't know, I'm stuck in the 90s right now.
Me every day, Tiger Claw and Chat says probably just for Brie Larson, in part, but it's not
just her.
What?
Aubrey Plaza.
Aubrey Plaza's in it.
Anna Kendrick's in it.
The Superman guy in it, whose name I can't remember in the moment.
Chris Evans?
No, he's in it too.
He's Captain America.
He's in it, too.
Brandon Routh.
That's it.
He's in it, too.
They're all in it.
So it's it's it's got like such a huge, strong supporting cast.
And yeah, I love I think that's one of those movies that just gets better the older it
gets.
And I did I did a cult movie screening of it a couple of years ago, whenever the 10th
anniversary was.
And that was a really fun show.
I really want to host that again.
And maybe they'll pair it with Kung Fury again.
I don't know.
Or we'll do Kung Fury was great.
We'll do it.
That was the double feature.
And it was a great double feature.
But or maybe we'll Kung Fury has a great soundtrack.
We'll pair it with the game.
We'll have somebody play through the game live and then watch the movie.
Who knows?
Anything?
Anything?
Going in to chat Bobby Blackwell says the scientist in Picard was in it really see.
It's all these people that ended up like that that movie jump started their careers seriously.
And it's so quotable and has all the all the gifts from it.
I think it was just Dark Sakura literally in a text message the other day.
Cred makes you fat like that was literally a thing that we were talking about the other
day.
Yeah.
Anyway, love it.
All right.
I love that movie.
Me too.
Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which is about Nintendo and some of the things
that they are continuing to do legally.
Loki, you want to talk about this for us because you probably been following this a little
better than I have.
Yeah.
So there was a channel stack smashing who he does a lot of like different like kind
of console hacking and whatnot, just for the fun of it, I guess.
Oh, so he was sorry.
Quick shout out to our discord over at vog network dot com slash discord, because that's
where I first heard about this.
So this story actually kind of came from there this week.
So vog network dot com slash discord.
I don't shout that out enough at the top of the show.
So I got my quota in for the week.
Sorry, Loki.
Yeah.
Well, we talked about like this guy before he was the one that put out the YouTube videos
on hacking the Game & Watch to actually put different custom ROMs on there and different
mods.
So this was the same guy that was kind of showing that progress along the way.
And of course, because it's something that Nintendo didn't like, they went ahead and
did a copyright strike against it, claiming that he is violating their copyright by putting
this educational video about how to reverse engineer the Game & Watch, which in tech,
I think that completely falls into fair use.
But, you know, it's a Nintendo.
And what what are you going to do soon?
Nintendo?
Are you going to fight against them?
I mean, there's nothing you can do.
So he asked Katari about that one.
Yeah.
He's basically put out he's re-uploaded the videos and blurred out the stuff that has
Nintendo's IP in it.
But it's still really stupid.
He has filed a counterclaim, but he doesn't think that it's going to get dropped, that
they're just going to leave it as a copyright strike because they don't like people hacking
their stuff.
Actually, Dark Sakura, I didn't even think about that comparison, but you really hit
can you elaborate on your joke a little bit for those that may not get it?
So you said ask Katari about that one.
Can you elaborate on that?
Because I actually think you you've struck a really interesting parallel here.
Well, there was just the business that led to Tengen, you know, becoming a thing is that
Tengen had people reverse engineer part of Nintendo's hardware.
And granted, it was under some false pretenses, but it was going back and forth on did they
you know, what did they do with how did they obtain it?
What did they get?
You know what, who has a license to release games on on third party cartridges, you know,
without the Nintendo seal of format cartridges for all of that, you know, had to do with
bypassing Nintendo's chip that's in the logic board of the system.
So that was a big back and forth and it did not work out all that great for Atari, really.
Well, they they still got the ability to sell those cartridges, but the Tetris thing
ended up but that was kind of a separate issue.
The Tetris thing was a completely different issue.
And in the end, what I'm saying is about what how it worked out for Atari in the end.
Who are we left with?
We have Nintendo.
Fair.
Atari is is an IP.
Fair.
No.
And you know what, though?
But those the and for those that might remember back in the day, those Tengen cartridges were
shaped differently.
They were different cartridges because Nintendo had a patent on their cartridge.
Atari through Tengen essentially reverse engineered how to make a Nintendo game work on the Nintendo
and came up with their own and their false pretenses.
Yes.
Yes.
And came up with their own cartridge.
But at the end of the day, they won that lawsuit that allowed them to continue selling the
cartridges because they were allowed to basically illegally, even though it was reverse engineered,
it was a little bit shady.
They did lose.
They had to pay a lot for the reverse engineering.
Yeah.
And they did lose some other things when it came to like Tetris.
But that was a completely different issue is that the license for the arcade, which
our Atari had, and the license for home gaming, which Nintendo had, ended up having to be
proved to be a different thing.
Atari did not have the ability to put Tetris out for console.
There's just because I thought there was a lot more that there's a lot more going on
to the Tetris debacle than just that.
Yes.
But to to simplify it into a three hour show, I think I hit on the big points.
But you're right.
Yes, it does go deeper than that.
And Bobby Black Wolf in our chat over at twitch.tv slash Vogue Network points out a couple other
parallels here.
Universal sued over Donkey Kong and lost.
So Nintendo's Galoob wasn't there wins and losses in court.
And yes, it follows it right up with Galoob and the Sega Genesis.
Yep.
So it's because they have reverse engineered because Sega wanted money, a certain percentage
for their to be able to publish on their system.
And so they just reverse engineer and create all their tools so they wouldn't have to pay
that.
It's it's it's a total EA thing, but they did that as well.
And it's I wanted to kind of conclude my Tengen tangent tangent tangent.
That's an interesting little thing.
But with what Dark Soccer was saying about it didn't work out very well for Atari in
the end is that those cartridges didn't really end up having great sales.
And then there were other not like Color Dreams was one company that came in and started
making cartridges.
Other companies started coming in and making bootleg cartridges, his Bible company.
And the Bible companies did to excuse me.
And you know what?
They all had a reputation for being shitty games.
Like name one of those games that was good.
Tetris was good.
Klax was pretty good, actually.
But like most of the and not even just taking it like the other the others from the Color
Dreams in the Bible, none of them were good.
So an interesting thing is that Nintendo and this kind of worked out in Nintendo's favor
is that all all those games like you knew if it wasn't in an actual Nintendo cartridge,
it was probably going to be a shit game.
And so Nintendo kind of won on the intellectual side with that a little bit.
It's kind of fascinating how that worked out.
And you know, again, this is a tangent fantasy zone.
Oh, I forgot they did that one.
That's right.
The Sega crossovers that Tengen did.
That's right.
OK.
And the color palettes in the two of them were a little bit different.
I mean.
Oh, hi, Dan.
My husband's bringing me my soda.
I have priorities.
Be right back.
It's fine.
OK.
Anyway.
All right.
So.
So anyway.
But I think the point is with this whole like aside is that, you know, Nintendo has
tried to assert some of their you know, you can't hack this whole thing and all this.
And they've lost before on this.
So it is interesting and kind of going back to what Loki was saying, it is interesting
that you have a guy on YouTube that's putting all this together, but kind of is in a situation
where he can't like legally he isn't Atari.
He doesn't have the power to go up against Nintendo, even if he believes that what he's
doing is fair use.
I kind of like I get Nintendo's logic and I get why Nintendo legal is doing this, because
they obviously don't want that instruction out there.
It's not great for them.
It doesn't do anything, though.
It's not hurting anything.
It's not like it's not like breaking it open, like say the NES mini or something like that.
There's no flash storage on there.
Right.
There's enough room for like a ROM one.
You can't really do much with it.
I mean, they're saying that there's maybe modifications that they can do to replace
that chip with a larger chip, but it's pretty much just for funsies.
It's not really doing anything.
It's not going to hurt their bottom line.
If anything, it causes people to want that even more and maybe up the sales there.
And well, you know, and I think ultimately what happens to Nintendo here, and I think
this is one of the most overused phrases from armchair critics on the Internet, but it really
does apply here.
It's that whole Streisand effect thing, which, you know, if you've ever heard about.
Well, not that Streisand effect, but the whole the pictures of her house and like she
sued to get those pictures, and then that the picture ended up everywhere of her house.
It was like if she hadn't called legal attention to it, it probably never would have really
been picked up.
And like Anne Rice suing fan fiction writers that or that, too, I suppose, even though
my mind goes to Fifty Shades of Grey, even though, of course, that's not an Anne Rice
thing, but a fan fiction that got way bigger than it needed to be.
Yeah, but Anne Rice was suing people writing fan fiction of her work.
True.
So but but my point is and why I invoke that over invoked phrase of the Streisand effect
is I kind of think what happens here is that now, like all these, you know, podcasts, news
organizations and so forth that get blogs that are talking about this story are just
calling a light on to, hey, if you want to hack your game and watch, Nintendo doesn't
want you to see it, which makes people want to trade it even more.
So I I almost feel like it's going to have the reverse effect.
Would you agree with that, Loki?
Yeah, I just don't understand.
I mean, I get what they're trying to do, but I don't think it's going to necessarily work.
And honestly, it feels like a misuse of their copyright claim system, because, you know,
if you say something nice about the game and watch, they're not taking your video down.
But if you say something critical or talk about this in an educational way, well, they're
going to take the video down.
OK, I will agree with you to a point, but like educational like that's that's the word
we use to scapegoat the real meaning.
Like, let's just call it what it is.
What laws are they breaking?
There's no laws against reverse engineering hardware there.
They're there.
You own everything.
It's not like you're they're saying, well, if you do this, they'll allow you to pirate
all these games.
It is nothing.
It's modifying your own hardware.
I don't disagree with that, but let's call it what it is.
You don't own your own the devices that you buy from them.
No, I it's it's the same thing about like
hacking phones, hacking portable watches to play Doom on.
It's all that stuff.
It's the same thing.
But Nintendo just doesn't like it because it's how to load a ROM, which they they really
don't like, because because here's the gag, everyone.
This is why it's such a big deal, why Nintendo shutting it down.
Nintendo absolutely wants to do more of these with other games from their archive.
Duh.
That's why they're shutting it down, because they plan to release plenty more of these
this coming holiday.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And they don't want you to make your own, basically.
So but all I'm saying is that call it what it's educating how to side load a ROM like
that's that's what it is.
But I again, I feel like the people that really want to do that are going to do it without
YouTube's help.
And now all these people now know that didn't know before that you can side load and hack
a game and watch if you didn't know that before.
All right.
Yeah, I just think it's it's not going to make any difference.
I'm going to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Phoenix 7726 says they could not stop any modern system from being hacked and this won't
work either.
They're wasting time and money fighting a battle whose best outcome is Pyrrhic.
Pyrrhic.
Excuse me.
And Tigerclaws says, imagine a Legend of Zelda game and watch.
Of course.
Why wouldn't they?
And then Bobby Black Wolf says, you don't have to imagine it.
You can do it now, thanks to educational videos.
If you can find them.
Yes, but maybe maybe the word education works in the sense that even if they take the video
down, there will always be a textbook.
Like, I don't know if y'all know, but even if they were to shut down Facebook, Twitter,
whatever social media companies, they all shut down everything.
You could still email like you used to.
You could pick up the phone and call somebody like you used to.
Like, there's still all these other ways to get information out there.
Anyway, let's just go back to LiveJournal.
Yeah, right.
No, actually, no.
LiveJournal got sold.
It's all about dead journal.
Dead journal.
Dark Sakura had a dead journal.
I know that you're muted, by the way.
You muted Dark Sakura.
I have a permanent LiveJournal.
Oh, me too.
Yeah, me too.
And I'm kind of tempted to go back and use it because I kind of kind of sick of stuff.
There's things about it that I miss.
I met my husband on LiveJournal.
I've said that a million times on this show.
Like, I met Extifer, who I've done shows with.
I met on LiveJournal.
My other old roommate.
I'm at a live with him.
I've I've met lots of people because of LiveJournal.
Kind of you guys in a way.
Like, I mean, it's more DDR freak, but I still think we all kind of like kept in touch better
because of something like LiveJournal.
I think that's the story about a lot of my friendships that I formed around that era.
You know, people like you guys, people like Shane, people like, you know, other guests
you've seen on this show before is that like we may not have like met, but we got to be
closer because of LiveJournal and, you know, reading each other's stuff when it wasn't
about like shocking links and things like that.
Phoenix 7726 is suggesting we could go back to Friendster.
Is that even still around anymore?
Is that it?
Yeah.
Is that still around?
I know it was huge in like certain parts of Asia for a while, like long after Facebook.
There's no line.
Yeah, he's lying.
SSG100 Matt is saying they also got burned by the folks using our three cards in the
past.
So this is just them getting ahead of the modding stuff.
Well, this is this isn't even that's completely different.
It is different.
Yeah.
You don't you don't need anything else.
That's the key thing, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is like it's so limited in scope what you can do with this.
I would say like the R3 stuff that's similar to what you have with like the mini systems.
This is nothing like it.
You can literally you have to have like probes and special equipment to be able to actually
dump and put ROMs on there.
It's such an arduous process to do it.
That's like not even really worth it for most people to do it other than just a tinker with
something.
It's just I don't understand why they would even bother with this.
It's just it's such a ridiculous thing.
Like I don't know.
I don't see them cracking down on the NES mini hacking and the SNES mini hacking.
I mean, those videos are all over the place.
Like why this?
I don't know.
It's silly.
Zelda Game and Watch.
Yeah, Zelda Game and Watch.
That's why.
But even still, like even if they put it out, it's still going to sell like crazy.
This will literally affect nothing.
Phoenix 7726 says this very tongue in cheek.
OLRBBS at Rob Roberts.
Dude, BBS is like if you want to know why I'm so screwed up, that's because I was on
BBS's nonstop from like the age of fuck, probably like 12 years old until I remember being on
a BBS and people were trying to get me to go see Rocky Horror Picture Show.
This was long before I was supposed to.
I was like 13 years old.
But people didn't know that because it was a BBS.
Couldn't see people.
I was on BBS's from the time I was like 12 years old until probably well into high school,
probably 17 or 18.
Whenever Prodigy, no, Prodigy was kind of in the middle of that.
But you guys know what I mean.
Like, haven't I joked on this show before we ought to have a VOG network BBS so we can
still play The Pit and Legend of the Dragon, Legend of the Drag Queens.
Sorry to play Legend of the Dragon, Legend of the Red Dragon.
And yes, I would play Legend of the Dragons and Trade Wars 2002, which is which that year
is long past trade wars.
Huh, Rob?
Trade.
Do you remember?
Do you remember Trade Wars?
It was like I didn't do BBS's.
Oh, you got a I was not.
I was not one of one of them.
I was an AOL kid.
OK, OK.
I did.
I did BBS's for a while.
It was kind of just.
You know, there wasn't really Internet access, and then eventually there was a local BBS
that actually allowed you to connect to the Internet.
So you connect through the BBS and then you'd be able to launch a Web browser somehow to
be able to connect to the Internet.
And so I was all over that.
And then that was that was back when then net zero was a thing for a while.
And then I was on that forever because it's free.
And then I don't remember.
Eventually we got high speed Internet somehow.
So like, I don't know.
That wasn't until I think that wasn't until I moved in with Rob.
We got high speed Internet.
BBS was the beginning of the end was when they all got email and you could start getting
email on your BBS account.
And it was kind of like that was when they all started to kind of start to merge into
one.
And it's like the Internet was kind of like born from that.
For me, it was a lot of prodigy back in the day.
I used to post on the bulletin boards and prodigy like all the time.
And yeah, that was.
Yeah, AOL chat rooms are fun.
And like even just with like games and stuff like that, we're able to get stuff.
Yeah, fun times.
All right.
Internet enough reflection from the old folks home on BBS.
Thanks for that derailment chat.
All right.
Let's get into let's get into the new and the now.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Now, again, now that you just put put like food that you're trying to eat, I'm going
to go to Loki then.
Oh, I swallowed quickly.
Okay.
Animal Crossing.
And patterned has new stuff out.
So I've been playing some more patterned.
Um, I have a lot of other stuff going on, so I haven't really, you know, like I said,
played a whole lot.
I'm trying to get through just this month before I start anything new.
But, um, I was going to be setting up the stuff for my stream and not a single person
donated to vote for a game.
So I don't know.
We'll see.
I put the call out.
No one answered.
So well, we might have to poll folks to see if there's something, maybe a different idea
that would get a little more.
Gotta pay for the vote.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, uh, if that's it for Dark Sakura's gaming week, let's go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was all right.
I played mostly Orna.
Um, I did play a bit of Minecraft this week.
I streamed a little bit on.
I saw some of that.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So I, I tried doing it.
I don't know.
Like I've been getting the itch to do more Minecraft stuff, but like I wanted, I want
to like play with actual people.
Like it's, it's kind of irritating.
I see that like this thing with a bunch of like, not really massive YouTubers, but like
some pretty decent YouTubers, um, decided to do that's the trend nowadays is these,
uh, survival multiplayer servers.
And so like there's dream SMP, which is kind of a dream is a speed runner for, um, Minecraft.
He also does these like manhunt videos and stuff like that.
So it's him and a bunch of friends, Mr.
Beast and stuff like that.
Um, they do their own thing and they kind of have almost like the soap opera thing that
goes on along with it.
So they write their own storyline to go along with that and drama and manufacturer drama
and stuff.
Um, then there's a brand new one called Epic SMP that just started with like Gus Johnson,
a bunch of other, uh, YouTubers as well that are pretty funny kind of on the comedy side
things.
A lot of these guys that I watch.
And so, um, they kind of all started playing.
It was just a bunch of people that like a lot of them haven't really even played Minecraft
before.
And so it's just kind of go, it's a big range of people that have, you know, lots of experience
in Minecraft, some of their primary Minecraft YouTubers and some that just do like comedy
stuff that are just kind of doing it with everybody else.
And so it's just a really cool mix, but it's fun to watch all of them just like work together
and like do something like, man, I want to do that kind of stuff.
But like, I can't find like a group of people cause like in order to do something like that,
you want to have a group of streamers that would actually want to like broadcast on a
regular basis and be able to get people that would play on a regular basis to kind of work
together on something.
Um, I do watch a lot of, you know, YouTube stuff, especially like, uh, Hermitcraft is
another one or truly bedrock on the bedrock side of Minecraft.
Um, they do these kind of like, you know, streams where they're not necessarily griefing
each other, which is kind of one big community that they work towards different things.
Hermitcraft, they have like this whole commerce system that they sell and buy stuff and they
do little activities and fun, like stuff like that.
So that would be fun.
I would love to do that.
Um, but, uh, the best, the closest I can get to that is I have a server where my kids demand
that I go build things for them.
And I end up, you know, having to do all the work and that's it.
And there's no sort of teamwork or anything.
It's just kids complaining about not having stuff.
So that's what I was streaming as I was showing off, like, uh, the realm that we've worked
on for the last 10 months and just all the different things that built in that.
So I just kind of wandered around for a good hour and a half, kind of showing all the builds
off that we've done, uh, or most of the bills.
There are some that are kind of far away that I didn't want to walk to, but, uh, it was
fun for a while, but like after a while, I just kind of, I don't know, it would be a
lot better if there was other people playing at the same time, I think, but I don't know.
It's, and even I know when we try to do like the VOG Minecraft stuff, it's hard because
there's, it's not everybody's playing at the same time.
You need to have people that are really like dedicated to playing at the same time, I guess,
or just coordinate schedules is hard too with, you know, adults.
Um, so I don't know how we would do that, but like it would be, it wouldn't be nice to
build that.
So I'm just going to try to find maybe some folks to start something like that.
Cause it'd be fun.
But in the meantime, I have this, the realm I've been playing for a while.
So I was showing that off and all the bills that we have in there.
So it was pretty cool.
Nice.
All right.
Yeah.
I caught a little bit of that stream.
It was a guy I was lurking.
I, sometimes I do it from my, um, Xbox.
So it's a little bit of a pain in the ass to chat, but I, I lurk.
So it's cool.
I caught a little bit of it, um, my gaming week.
So, uh, speaking of streaming, I did a couple of final fantasy 14 streams in the past week.
Myself and, uh, my friends, Shane and Ray, we were doing some streaming of just like
maps is a big thing we're into in the game right now is that you do these treasure maps
and once in a while, like one out of every four or something, we'll do a portal that
takes you to this big roulette wheel.
And it's almost like you're playing a game show, but you're doing fights on the game.
It's like smash TV, but in final fantasy.
Um, so those have been kind of fun just to stream because, you know, I'm sure the viewers
love to see when we get zonked out or, you know, we think we get zonked out and then
the lightning bolt, uh, crashes and we get another spin, just silly things like that.
So been having fun playing final fantasy 14.
Um, and, uh, we'll try to do some more streams cause that's been a good way to kind of motivate
myself to do some streaming on my personal channel over at Rob Roberts here on Twitch.
Um, but that's not all I've been playing.
I've been playing some other games too.
Um, over on Xbox, I played a little more Tetris effect just because I hadn't cleared
journey mode on Xbox yet.
Um, I played a little bit of the multiplayer previously, but I hadn't really played any
of the single player.
So I kind of, you know, I just went through in the night and knocked all that out, got
some achievements, uh, from playing that front to back and doing all that.
Um, if anybody actually does the Microsoft reward points, uh, they have a thing going
on right now where like up to 10,000 gamers scored that you are in this month turns into
points.
And I like being very recursive with the points.
Cause if you get like 6,000 points, you can get like a $5 Xbox card.
So that's just like five bucks towards your next game or let them stack up and that whole
thing.
So that's kind of, that's, that's fun.
Um, and also on Xbox torchlight three hit game pass.
So I played that just a little bit.
Um, still trying to kind of wrap my head around it because there's a lot that going on in
that game and the tutorial isn't very great.
Um, I'm not sure I'm as into it as I was torchlight two, but I'm going to try to give it a little
more time and see if it's something that grows on me a little bit.
And I've heard kind of in general that not as many people were as big on torchlight three,
um, because I guess it felt a little bit more like it was supposed to be a phone or a spinoff
thing.
And they kind of kind of back ended it into being an official torchlight three.
And I can kind of see that, but I want to be fair and give it a little more time just
to see.
Um, and then otherwise I've been playing a lot of Pokemon shield still working on my
pokey decks.
I'm almost so, uh, not counting the DLC.
I refuse to let myself get the DLC until I finish my pokey decks in the main game.
And I'm getting really close.
You guys I'm under 20 now.
I think last count I was at 17.
Um, I put a call out on Twitter earlier.
I was like, help, I need a Galarian Darumaka.
I can't get one on home because on home you can't specify that you want a Galarian Darumaka.
So every time I would put up like Galarian Corsola, which kind of like the equivalent
in shield, I would get fucking regular Darumakas that somebody caught in Pokemon Go.
I'm like, I don't want these.
I want a Galarian one and I wasn't getting them.
But finally, so I went on Twitter and I ugly begged and thankfully it worked.
Somebody was like, yep, I'm ready.
Here's the code.
It was like, perfect.
So I got what I needed there.
So, um, yeah, so I'm down to like only 17.
Um, I still have some, the other one that's going to be really hard to get is the, um,
there's an apple.
There's an there's Applin.
And then that evolves into one type with a shield item and one type with a sword item.
And I can't find any more of the berries.
I had one to make the app, whatever the evolved one is.
I cannot find another stupid berry or apple or whatever it is to evolve.
Even just get a second one of those to trade somebody for the shield or for the sword
equivalent.
Yeah, it's such a pain in the ass.
So thank you, Appleton and Flapple.
I can never, so I have Appleton, I think I need Flapple.
So I'll figure it out.
Um, I just have to find another one of those berries.
Somebody said you got to check near the trees and sometimes you'll see a sparkling.
Do they still make Snapple?
I think they do.
I think they do as well.
I just, I miss the Snapple lady.
Remember those commercials?
I miss fruitopia.
Hi from Snapple.
All right.
Anyway, uh, she Hulk says, what is Pokemon?
Uh, it's, it's a addicting little game, especially during quarantine.
That's for sure.
So, um, let's see.
Act Def says Appleton is the fat one.
Flapple is the skinny one.
Now that's not very nice.
That's not a very nice way to say it.
Um, let's see.
Bobby Blackwell says, this is why I stopped playing Pokemon sword.
Once the credits rolled, I did two a year ago and then quarantine happened.
And you know what happened guys?
I got really bored.
So I was like, I, I, I'm going to catch, I got bored and bought equipment.
I got bored and bought stuff.
I got bored and I said, you know what?
Today, I'm going to catch them all.
Oh yes.
I'm going to catch them all and I'm still working on it.
So well, better catch Pokemon than, you know, the plague.
That's, that's very true.
Very, very true.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, so that's it for my gaming week.
Lots of Pokemans.
A Pokemon go as well.
I have been playing that too.
Um, a chop community day was Saturday.
I kind of half-assed it.
I got seven shinies.
That's plenty.
I don't need more than that.
Um, and then I forgot to evolve to get the special move, which I'm really annoyed about.
I think I got one that has the special move and I'm really annoyed.
I forgot to do the others.
Oh my, I know fail on all accounts, right?
No pixel Pacas.
I got bored and made a passion's discord server.
Like the soap opera, my favorite soap opera of all time passions.
Oh my God.
I just said FFS passions because for fuck's sake, really?
That's kind of funny.
Oh my God.
It really is the soap opera.
I'm going to join.
I love that with Tabitha and Timmy.
You don't even know.
We used to get together in college and drink and watch, uh, passions that was taped earlier
in the day.
Good times.
You know what we used to do in college?
What?
Play the jumping flash demo on repeat.
We played a lot of Mario Kart, but the other thing was taking all of the anime that my
friends had like third generation, you know, like taped off of TV and whatnot stuff.
And then, uh, make up our own dialogue.
As Joe and Hunter Matt and chat says, can you use elite TM to get payback yet?
I think so, but I'm not going to burn an elite TM on that.
I don't even think that's one of the more useful moves.
Is it?
I feel like there's other Mon with other useful moves that you really want to TM into.
So anyway.
All right.
I got one.
That's probably plenty.
Uh, let's move on.
That's it.
That's enough Pokemon chat.
Let's get into some other gaming news here.
Cause there was some stuff that went on this week.
We're starting to get back into the regular cycle of news again.
Um, and there's a, especially with consumer electronics show this week, although there
wasn't a lot of gaming news out of CES, but there was a little bit.
Um, but there was news on all sorts of fronts.
Right.
And including one story that won't go away.
Right.
Loki.
Uh, that is correct.
Yeah.
So, um, CG CD project red, um, they put out an apology video, uh, talking about their
commitment to quality and which, uh, the co-founder, uh, Marcin.
The wind ski apologize for the state of a cyberpunk 2077, basically said that not to
blame the dev teams, that it was up to the board to decide when to release that game.
Um, also that they were having issues with performance on the, uh, older consoles because
of the streaming service or the asset streaming that they were putting into the game.
Cause it's so condensed into a small area that, um, they have to keep rewriting that
basically said that they put out a roadmap.
Um, like, I mean, I swear to God, it's like, we talk about this all the time with different
games and these roadmaps, like our game socks, right?
Well, it's not sucks, but our game is less than ideal right now.
So now we're going to put out a roadmap and when it's going to be done.
So there's a big patches expected out soon.
I think it actually already came out 1.06.
Um, and actually that just came out the hot fix for that.
And then there should be a more substantial patch in like 10 days or so.
And then another one following that as well.
Um, they're going to be putting out the free DLCs.
There's going to be the next gen consulate date, which was supposed to be coming out.
Now it was originally set for March.
That ain't happening.
That's now coming out the second half of the year.
And yeah, so everything pushed back.
They also said that they're not going to be having their teams crunch,
or they're going to be avoiding crunch on all future product or projects.
He said is one of their priorities.
Okay.
But they said that before.
Yeah.
I'm I'm.
He apologized, but did he resign though?
Did he talk about his personal accountability though?
Did he talk about, see that's.
I don't know.
That's where it kind of starts to lose me.
Yeah.
It's it's no, he did not.
And it, it felt kind of hollow.
Like there was stuff, you know, where they like, oh, we thought it was in good shape.
You know, it was in pretty good shape.
No, you didn't.
You know, better.
You could, there's no way, you know, cause they, I think they mentioned something about
like in our testing, you know, it, everything seemed to be going well, but like there was
stuff that was happening that you guys are experiencing outside our testing.
It's like, dude, like there's, it's just normal gameplay.
Like there's stuff clearly broken.
Stuff that's clearly been pieced together.
You know, uh, they were talking about like the police system in the game and how there
was going to be some police that were corrupt that you could bribe.
Or, you know, if you got your wanted level too high, there would be, you know, assassins
that would come after you and stuff like that.
That is not what's in the game right now.
It is basically you cause a crime and the police teleport to you somehow.
They will literally spawn in right behind you.
Even if you're locked yourself into a closet or something.
It is just ridiculous.
Like just how, uh, rushed everything seems to be.
So like, I don't really buy half of what he's saying.
And honestly, like, show me the receipts.
I want to see these patches and see what it does to the game.
Cause I don't believe you right now.
Show me the receipts, retire bitch.
Cause that's the only way anything's going to change.
Like, sorry, but not sorry.
But Bobby says in chat from now on, we won't have crunch.
Okay.
For real this time from now on, we won't have crunch.
Okay.
Third time's the charm.
Now, from now on, we won't have crunch.
I'm not buying what you're selling retire bitch.
Because that's the only way anything's really going to change.
Yeah.
It's I don't anticipate any sort of changes.
They did, they got caught.
They needed, they felt like that they needed to apologize to save face.
But I mean, come on.
It's just, this is the same stuff that we get from EA and, you know, oh, well, I'm sorry
that the quality of our game, here's the roadmap of how we're laying it out.
Oh, Hey, look, it's Bethesda talking about Fallout 76.
Here's the roadmap on how we're fixing it.
Like, come on you guys, you got to stop doing this, but they're not going to, because
people still buy their games and there's no, there's literally no sort of, um, punishment
for them.
I mean, they, there's no consequences for them to do this.
And that's why you're going to keep seeing them do this because people will keep supporting
them.
Some comments from chat.
Fifth Dream in chat says it's not CD Projekt Red if the guy who runs it resigns.
Mojang would like to have a word, a company that is in a far better position, thanks to
those sorts of changes, that's for sure.
Zen Monkey says be happy with the devil you have now because the next one could be a lot
worse.
I'm not sure.
I mean, I understand that saying and why it's out there.
I'm not sure I would apply it in this scenario.
Like I, again, and I said this early on when this all started happening, the only way that
things are going to change is with new leadership and that, and I stand by what I said four
weeks ago or whenever this stuff first started breaking is that one of these co-leaders is
going down because of this.
And we'll see, it's just, we're just, we're seeing everything play out.
It's all, it's all the motions because, because he, did he not try to blame the board in this
what he said, right?
You think the board's going to have that?
Well, he was, he's part of the board.
So what he is basically trying to do, it wasn't that he was blaming somebody else.
He was basically trying to shift blame from the actual developers saying you shouldn't,
because people are sending death threats to these people because they're dumb and it's
the internet.
So they were basically saying, you know, listen, don't come after the developers.
It's not, they're doing the game is in this situation.
You know, we decided the shift as the board is the one that makes that final decision.
Right.
And you can, don't ever bully developers and people that work at the company.
That's just a stupid thing in general.
So I will, I will say that like, yes, that is the, and that is a message that needs to
be out there, unfortunately, because people don't know how to conduct themselves online.
So that part, certainly I have no problem with that statement, except the fact that
it has to be said at all.
That's for sure.
So, Bobby Blackall says, Cyberpunk 2077 is a failure of management, not a failure of
developers or QA.
100% agree.
And again, there's many people that would say it's not a failure at all, depending on
what platform you're playing it on or, you know, just how your luck has been with what
you've run into in game or not.
And that's, that's part of the interesting kind of layers of this whole story is that
it's not bad for everybody, just some people.
So anyway, all right.
But Loki, you're still, you're still playing the game and for the most part liking it,
right?
I haven't, I haven't played it in a while.
I did like it.
I mean, I thought the story was okay.
I'm okay with some of the bugs right now, as long as it doesn't break the game completely
for me.
So far, I haven't really ran into the thing.
The police thing is kind of stupid.
Like I don't really fight.
I don't really cause any crimes in the game, but like if I wanted to kind of have like
a, you know, spree or something like that, I don't think it's really fair the way that
the system works.
I mean, literally they spawn in anywhere.
Like you can watch videos online.
They show, you know, examples of that where you'll be up on top of like a little, you
know, ledge, like, you know, way up on a building and you shoot somebody, you look around, there's
no one there.
All of a sudden, boom, there's like literally a cop right behind you.
It's like, how did you get up here?
How did you teleport behind me?
It's just silly.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about a brand new Nintendo Switch that was announced this week.
Sorry, it's not the Switch Pro that all the gaming media is trying to get you hyped for,
but it's just a, it's a new skin for the classic Nintendo Switch.
Although I will say this is a very good looking system.
It is a Mario themed Nintendo Switch, and it's aptly timed with Super Mario 3D World
plus Bowser's Fury.
This new Switch will be out on February 12th to kind of be in tandem with that for those
that may finally break down and get a Switch because that's the game that's releasing or
those that are spending their stimulus money on a Switch.
I don't know, your money, your business.
But it is a nice, it's a red and blue edition, so it's themed like Mario colors.
Sorry, Luigi fans.
That would get me excited.
How about a green and white one for Luigi suspenders?
But whatever we have or one that you dip it in water and it changes colors.
Don't, please don't dip your Switch into water.
Please do not dip your Switch into water.
That was a dumb joke.
All right.
Anyway, we'll just spread that rumor online and lots of people will break the Switches.
Hehe.
We'll make a video.
All right.
But it's a red and blue system.
So it's like the dock's red.
The little dog ear thing that you put your controllers in is blue.
The Joy-Cons are red and blue.
There's a carrying case that's red and blue with yellow zippers.
It is very like Mario inspired.
It's supposed to kind of look like Mario suspenders.
It's going to cost you the $300 that a Nintendo Switch would cost.
I think it looks really cool though.
Like, and I can't justify spending $300 just to get a Switch in another color.
But if I didn't have a Switch, I'd be all about wanting to get this one.
That's for sure.
Speaking of Mario 3D World and Bowser's Fury.
And we were just talking a little bit about this a couple weeks ago on the show.
Whatever happened to like amiibos being used in games?
Well, apparently Mario 3D World and Bowser's Fury will have some amiibo support.
So what's going to happen?
Bowser and Bowser Jr., their amiibo figures will be returning to retailers and they have
some specific activation.
But we don't know exactly what it is.
And then there are some cat amiibo that will also have some features.
So it sounds like, you know, we're getting some reprints out of this and there will be
some sort of, I bet it will probably give you items in the game or something like that.
Are the cat ones new?
There are some new cat ones coming.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, or they'll unlock some new costumes kind of like Mario Odyssey or something like that.
Who knows?
So Zen Monkey in chat says Nintendo should take a risk and kill off Mario.
Can you imagine, can you imagine Mario murder party where like one of, one of these great
mascots will be killed off by Nintendo, never to be seen again.
Sorry Waluigi.
They tease that several times in the smash videos.
Remember like Sephiroth.
Sephiroth thing was so good.
Yeah.
And then, I know there was another one too, where like his soul got knocked out of his
body or something like that.
I want to say there was some, I think it was a smash video where that happened.
I don't remember which character was though.
Ridley says chat.
Oh yeah.
Um, Sia Tabiri says Mario is missing, but with blood dripping from the letters.
Mario is missing permanently.
You guys are sick.
I love it.
You guys have problems.
All right.
Sia Tabiri says I legitimately still want to murder mystery party in Animal Crossing.
Well, like it, and you know, to keep it legit, it doesn't have to be like actual murder,
but I think it would be fun to have costume parties that are like that in Animal Crossing.
I think that's cool.
So, all right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's talk about a different system than Nintendo.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Uh, I have something about the PS5.
So, um, you know, people are always looking for the patents that come out regarding any
of these systems to try to get an idea of what could be happening.
And there has been a patent filed that looks like there's going to be something to,
as an add in, something to add to the experience.
So, um, this particular patent that's come to light,
it looks like a PlayStation VR headset that includes haptic feedback.
There's no dates or anything, of course, with that,
but it looks like one of those ones that could just immediately be implemented.
Um, another one allows players to leave text and audio notes in games for other users.
So, like, if you like, say, walk up on like a trouble point,
then you might get a tip there if you look for it.
You know, that sounds like a Dark Souls thing in every game.
I was actually saying more like Super Mario Maker.
Oh, yeah, that too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Um, and, uh, but basically it's there for user generated game advice.
Um, has, and they also specify that it will live quote within
a game space using a virtual coordinate system and quote.
So, um, it could be interesting.
I kind of love that idea as long as I can limit it to my friends.
But I don't want to see stranger danger notes because I'll just see
dicks everywhere in every game I play.
But if I, if I limit it to friends, I'll only see the dicks that Loki drew and put in games.
It would, it would be, it sounds like it would be just like Dark Souls almost, but like.
Or Mario Maker is a good comparison.
If you died here, you suck.
I'd only leave that note for you, Jamie.
Yeah, the thing is, though, is that I wouldn't, uh, look for any notes.
Joke's on you, Rob. I disabled all your notes.
Exactly, exactly.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says, if you died, if you died here, you're Bobby Black Wolf.
Yep. No, I just leave little notes in every game.
Rob Roberts was here, but you know, the best way not to lose Rob when don't play.
Uh, but seriously, sometimes I'm kidding.
Seriously, that patent sounds really neat.
I'd I'd actually love to see something like that in the, um, uh, ecosystem for PlayStation.
And it makes sense too, because they have the whole like hitting the button to see the,
the YouTube or whatever Sony proprietary video to see how to get certain achievements.
Like that is a thing that's already kind of baked in the PlayStation five.
So like user generated content of that sort makes a lot of sense.
Again, I worry about what happens if everybody and everyone can do that,
but if you can follow certain trusted people or your friends or something like that,
I think it could be really cool to be honest.
To be honest, I think that's a neat feature for the, uh, console and, uh, yeah, I look forward to
it. All right. Well, let's move on Loki. All right. So, you know, it's hard to believe that
even though we're still in the middle of COVID, they were talking about, um, these brand new
tournament leagues that are coming up soon. So starting off with, um, Overwatch, uh,
Overwatch league, they've announced their 2021 season. It sounds like it's going to be kind of
similar to what they've been doing already with, um, you know, taking considerations for COVID and
stuff. So for example, instead of actually traveling to these different parts of the
country, everybody's going to be kind of hunkered down in their own countries and playing online
only match matches. They're structured around regional tournaments. They're splitting up,
uh, the league into two divisions, North America and European. Um, so they're going to be playing
in the 13 team North American division, and then the remaining seven are going to be played in the
Asia division. And then, um, yeah, I mean, it's, it's interesting. I mean, they have to obviously
adapt with everything. Hopefully this year, things will be starting to kind of, uh, the restrictions
will be loosening up towards the end of the year. So things can get back to normal, but it sounds
like it's going to be business as usual, aside from, you know, the structure, the, uh, format changes
for these. So, um, fifth dream in chat says, whoa, Overwatch still exists. That kind of got quiet.
Um, well, keep in mind, there's still Overwatch two on the horizon and they're expecting that that
will certainly give the whole franchise a big kick in the butt because yeah, this whole COVID and
pandemic situation really kind of ham hamstring to the Overwatch league, you know, justice,
it was really starting to get its wings and really take off like COVID really. Well, I would say it
was one, two punch. It wasn't just COVID, but the move to YouTube was a disaster. I'm sorry,
but like it just like the sense of community that they had on Twitch and everything that was a
disaster. Whoever thought of that idea to move. I know they did it for money, but that was,
it was a dumb move. Sorry. Not sorry. That's reality. Um, and so those two things like back
to back, I think really kind of, and I'm not saying like Overwatch league is fucked,
they're over anything like that. Like certainly no, there's, there's still plenty of fans at
Overwatch league. And I think in the long run, especially when two does come out, um, it will,
you know, I think start to get a lot of that growth that was all that was starting to really
be behind it until these situations really, I think kind of put a stop to it for a little bit.
Um, I would fully expect blizzard does not launch Overwatch two until the pandemic is
starting to look like it is in the rear view mirror. I know there's plenty of people saying
COVID will always be around always be, but as far as, you know, uh, being able to have these
big events again, enough people are getting vaccinated and at least the numbers in the
U S are allowing for big events again and that sort of thing. Um, I think blizzard would be
very smart to hold on to Overwatch two until then. And then the Overwatch league, I think will kind
of, um, be in a good place again. Yes. And then on the opposite end of the spectrum there, you
have Capcom announcing that the upcoming Capcom cup and street fighter, uh, league world
championship have been canceled, um, due to obviously the rising cases of COVID-19. Um,
they've made the decision to cancel those in place. They're going to be doing an online
season final for the Capcom pro tour on February 20th and 21st.
Um, tiger claw and chat says, and when they announced Overwatch two, you can expect some
really massive pre-rendered cinematic. Technically Overwatch two has already been announced with a
massive pre-rendered cinematic. However, blizzard likes to drop those pretty regularly and it's
almost certain they will do more character reveals. And if I'm not mistaken, they have
an event, a virtual event in February that I think is supposed to make, uh, kind of make up for their
lack of Blizzcon. Cause obviously with everything in the world, they didn't have a Blizzcon in
November for obvious reasons. So I believe they're doing a virtual event in February, ironically
enough. So is the team behind Final Fantasy 14 is doing an event February 5th, where it's all
but certain the next 14 expansion will be unveiled. And I think blizzard, um, they're
really not due to announce a wow expansion cause one just came out, but certainly Overwatch two
Diablo four might even get a date. I don't know how far along it is that Diablo cell phone game
has all but vanished. So I wonder if they're still going to release it. They might, you know,
time that with February. So blizzard still has a lot of news they're kind of sitting on too.
And I think we'll see all that in February. So, um, I want, before we get to our next story,
I wanted to go back to the earlier, uh, story that Jamie was talking about with leaving notes
and games. Cause there's a really good comment here, uh, from, from our own voiceover guy,
VX Jason XV, who says my note, I would leave pepperoni and cheese. And you know what that
reminded me of is actually like one of the earliest implementations of this before Mario
maker before dark souls, the Oregon trail. Remember when you would die on the Oregon trail,
you could leave a tombstone behind and put like, you could either put like, you know, pepperoni
and sausage was a big one that people would always do. Or you could put like, you know,
name of my third grade teacher died of syphilis here or something like that, you know, whatever
it is, you could put whatever notes you wanted to. And then the players that would come through
later would see those tombstones. So really even before Mario maker or dark souls, the Oregon
trail was the first game that left that technology. That is great. I thought that was worth bringing
up. All right. Anyhow, let's move on and we'll actually continue talking about Blizzard a little
bit because this has to do with a redesign for the battle net, uh, client getting rid of real names.
Well, they got rid of that a long time ago. You never had to do that. Uh,
they realized it was a bad idea. You can connect it to Facebook, I think, or you can choose who
sees that. I don't remember. You know what? Now that I think about it, I think my real name is
still visible on there and I don't like it, but I only show it to people that I know in real life.
I think it's the whole, you can choose to show your real name to like close friends
or something like that. I don't know. Oh, it's been a while since I played Overwatch.
It has. Thank you for reminding me about that real name policy, but anyway, um,
otherwise the client has been redesigned. It is interesting because it is still kind of blending
in the Activision games, which have been in battle net for some time. That's not really new news that
call of duty games are in there, but like you really see it in this new redesign that actually
kind of separates, uh, things into Blizzard and Activision, which is kind of interesting. Uh,
they're saying in this, and I did check it out earlier, but I've been in the beta for a while.
So I've actually saw these changes a while ago, but, uh, there's a new expansive layout for news
and game content and full page view. There's a new social pain. So you can better see friends
and what they're doing in games right now. I have a lot of friends still playing. Wow.
I sign on. There's at least 13 people on my list and wow at any given time. Uh, and they're also
talking about accessibility improvements and that's cool. You can navigate most of the app
with your keyboard and it has better screen reader support as well as improved color contrast.
And those are all great things, uh, to see as well. So if you haven't checked out your battle
net client in a while, it's going to look a lot different next time you launch it. Let's move on
dark soccer. I got a bunch of stuff here. So, um, who remembers Lucas arts?
Well, of course who doesn't? I had friends that worked at Lucas arts. That's how I got to go to
the Skywalker ranch. Yeah. Um, but now we have a Lucasfilm games. So this officially, uh, revealed
by starwars.com that Lucasfilm games is their, uh, identity for their gaming stuff coming from
Lucasfilm. Which I also believe was the name of Lucas arts for a brief period in the beginning
before they changed it. Yes. It's kind of like back, back to basics. Yeah, exactly. Um, but
they're really wanting to have this focus specifically on some of the new games that
are come out, bring out the news directly, sort of like, I guess, have their own directs, like how
Nintendo does. Um, but, uh, they are, um, still working of course, though, with, uh, with other
parties out there, you know, they're not just gonna, gonna do it alone. Um, there is, uh, an
open world star wars game being made by Ubisoft. I'm doing a, sorry. Uh, it looks like it might be,
no, it's just, it just says open world game. I don't see anything about it being, uh, uh,
um, an MMO or anything, but it's by Ubisoft massive, the same group that did, uh, the division.
So there's some talk about that coming out. Um, and then in, uh, other things, um, uh,
machine games is making an Indiana Jones game. So, uh, and it's going to be a collab between
machine games and Lucasfilm games. Neat machine games, by the way, is a, is a part of Bethesda.
Yeah. Uh, which, which will be interesting cause the whole Microsoft connection there now too,
which this was probably something that the gears were already turning on before Microsoft bottom.
So that is going to make that whole situation more interesting, I think in a way.
So I just wanted to have like a mini game. That's how many Nazis can you punch in a minute?
Um, Bobby Black Wolf in chat actually points out it was Lucasfilm games from 1982 to 1990. So it
was more than a brief period, but only the nineties count here at OLR actually. Uh, no,
thanks for the clarification. Um, tiger class says Lucasfilm games has a big library of IPs.
They can bring back besides star wars in Indiana Jones. Oh, hell yeah. Loom. Um, what maniac
mansion was all part of that too, right? There's a new mania mansion to be amazing,
but they, they kind of did bring that back already. Didn't they,
didn't that come back a couple of years ago under a different, I mean,
I don't, did they do a telltale? I don't think they did a telltale series for mania mania
mansion aside from just day of the tentacle. Maybe it was a spiritual successor. Maybe that's
where monkey Island would be nice. I mean, you can never have too much monkey Island.
Obviously we're getting some more salmon max. So, um, that's always good. Um,
Ooh. Yeah. Questbuster points out it released games under that label,
such as their adaptation for labyrinth. Yes. It even had David Bowie. Ooh. Ooh,
I'd be in for that. That's for sure. So that's pretty cool. Yeah, no, they had a lot of great
IPs, but obviously they're leveraging some of this big shit. I mean, you don't partner up
with Lucas, you know, entertainment and not get your star Wars on and your Indiana Jones.
Like these are the, these are the big ones. And I'm sure if these do well, we'll start to see some
of the, um, lesser known ones that will pop in as well for sure. So, all right. Well, if that's
all we have for that, then let's move on to our next story. Loki.
All right. Um, so it's always fun to talk about like different records being broken on Twitch.
So now we have yet another all time Twitch viewership records set by a Spanish streamer
by the name of the Greg or is that the Greff? I don't know how to pronounce his name. Uh,
but anyways, so he apparently was already a pretty popular streamer. He had, I think a record of 660,000
concurrent viewers for his Fortnite Galactus event that was back in December. And then of course,
because he's such a big, uh, Fortnite streamer, he was unveiling his brand new exclusive Fortnite
skin, um, that he was, uh, showing off. So because of that, his view count actually went up to 2.4
million, which was now the brand new record for that. So that's even, um, beating out
AOC is among the stream, uh, the AOC streams, um, and several entire like communities of games
at one time. So that's pretty crazy. Well, it's also worth considering that, um, you know,
sometimes our focus and our reality is very centric around the United States.
And we are certainly aware that there are other countries out there, you know, in Canada and
overseas and, uh, Mexico and all that. But I think it also kind of goes to show like how
big of an audience there is in like Latin America for video games. Cause, um, he, he's a Spanish
streamer. He's, he speaks Spanish on streams and all that I'm sure. Right. So it's, it's a big
audience that I think sometimes we might forget is there if we don't speak that language ourselves.
And I think it just shows that like, there's huge demand for this in non English speaking countries.
Yeah. For just gaming in general. Absolutely. So, and act deft who I was hoping would agree with me
does. Thank you. I, we, we have, we have our official ambassador to Mexico and active,
although there actually are some other listeners in Mexico. Cause I interact with some on Twitter.
So I don't, I don't want to give all the glory to act deft, but since he is here live, I will let
him have most of it. So, but a lot of love for all of our listeners in Mexico and all the other
countries around the world that aren't just the U S all right. Anyway, uh, pretty cool though.
Uh, interesting that it is still Fortnite that breaks all these records, right?
Yeah. You know, after all this time, I mean, it's still a very popular game, so.
I was reading some article on one of those sites. I don't know if it's Kotaku or what it was,
but it was one of those sites. It was talking about that. There's another game that's like
seven years old or something that is starting to find new light on Twitch. Like it's just come out
again out of nowhere, kind of like among us did recently. There's some other new game rust.
Yeah. Rust was because of offline TV. They're doing some, uh, thing with that. I, I did,
I caught a little bit of it, but yeah, it's, they're doing some sort of, I think this is
almost kind of like going back to us talking about with the Minecraft S and P stuff where they'll
kind of structure an event based around like a certain game and do kind of like role play
or whatever with that. And it draws in a lot of viewers. My point is, is that Pixel Poops
will have its day. It will be discovered eventually. And actually on a side note,
uh, with YYR's version of Pixel Poops, I should give a shout out. Um, if you are on our discord
server, cause I need to mention this at some point in the show, um, over at, um, uh, I almost
said Twitch TV, uh, slash vog network is where you can watch the shows, but over at vognetwork.com
slash discord, you can get an invite to our discord server. And if you take a look in our
OLR chat room, there is detail about how you can beta test Pixel Poops for steam and everything
is in fact, I just got my code, so I'm going to be playing it later. Maybe I'll even do a stream.
We'll see. So check that out. All the info's in our discord, uh, and, uh, and YYR is hooking
people up right now. So check that out. Uh, Bobby Blackall was saying his game super multitasking
is apparently big in South Korea. Fucking finally that game is getting some traction.
Like that game is brilliant. I hope more people find it than just South Korea.
Um, although it has to, it always, it has to start somewhere. And so why not? It's as good
of a place as any. All right, let's move on. I want to talk about some of the news that
actually came out of consumer electronics show. There wasn't a ton, a ton of gaming news,
but we did get as expected. We kind of figured this was coming on last week's show arcade one up
since those are, yes, it's gaming, but it's also like furniture in your living room,
dedicated devices type of stuff. CES is kind of the place for that. So, and yes,
we got some new news on arcade cabinets from, uh, CES 2021 for, um, from arcade one up.
And I got to say, these are some fucking good cabinets. Like this, this first one blew my mind.
It is a killer instinct cabinet with killer instinct, killer instinct two and battle toads,
battle toads, double dragon. It's like a rare cabinet. So that is awesome. Like just having
the arcade version of killer instinct two. Fuck. That's awesome. So that like, I want it, but I
don't have the room for it. Here's something that's definitely up dark Sakura's alley a little bit.
And I think it's up mine too. I would love this machine. Although, um, these games have been
released a million times, but why not a cabinet for dragon's lair, dragon's lair two and space
ACE. And what's really cool about that. You can get one that is either a dragon's lair cabinet,
or you can get a space ACE cabinet, but the entire in the inside parts are still the same.
So that's kind of, so if you want like a S I almost think the space ACE is a little
more desirable because you don't see that one as much. Dragon's lair is kind of everywhere,
but that is neat. I don't know, dark soccer. You've probably played those games to death,
but I know you have a lot of love for Don Bluth. So I don't know, maybe.
I, I, I do. It's I really like his animation. I'll be honest. I'm really not all that great
at either. Um, uh, really any of those cinematic, you know, press the button at the right time type
stories. Um, but I certainly like watching other people play it. I, I certainly, I mean,
they're, they're both great games. I've played quite a bit of dragon's lair, dragon's lair,
two, um, space ACE, um, cliff jumper, which was the loop on the third. Oh,
one. Um, there's that one with the car. What was the one with the car? I played that on Sega CD.
I think I don't remember the one with the car. Um, and it always makes me think of, um,
um, oh gosh, as a, another, uh, it reminds me of the anime writing bean, which it's an
IDs era one. Um, we've had like the special car and everything. It was the race car. Why can't
I think of the name of it now? That one was always fun, but I, I was never any good at them.
And tiger client chat says, maybe they'll release those other laser disc games. You never know.
I mean, now there has been a precedent set that if they want to, they can update those,
those cabinets with new games. And Bobby black Wolf went into great detail on an earlier episode
of his show about, you know, for better or for worse. And actually that is all on the YouTube.
Uh, I know I don't plug the, the VOG network YouTube very often, but that is all chronicled
there. If you want to see that. So like an actual, his outrun cabinet actually got a new game. Um,
even though it was a little bit of pain in the ass to make work, he detailed all that in a video.
So yes, they could add a new game. These are running off of laser discs anymore.
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. They're just running off of like a USB stick at this point.
So yeah, that's where we're at now. Maybe it was road Avenger, SSG 100. Matt
was suggesting. I kind of think it started with a T, but I might be wrong.
Anyway. I also wanted to call out before we get to, yeah, it was road blast. It was a road blaster,
road Avenger. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I was like road blasters was a different game, but I it's okay.
It's a different. I think it's in like kind of that universe. Yeah. Road Avenger was the game.
Ironically, it was road blaster overseas. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cause here in America,
here in America road blaster was ironically to bring it full circle, the Atari game
that had the, you know, you had the lasers and stuff on there. So, um, that, that was
an awesome game too. So, all right. Anyway, uh, some other cabinets, I didn't even get to the
other cabinets, although these are, these are a little more recycled cabinets, but kinda like,
you know, uh, freshened up, uh, with a new retro look, uh, there's going to be a new Atari cabinet,
um, that has quite a few games in it. I don't know that game, um, asteroids, asteroid, deluxe,
centipede, crystal castles, gravatar, liberator, major havoc, millipede, missile command space,
dual and tempest. Whew. That's a very, very stocked cabinet. There is a Bondi Namco cabinet,
uh, that will have dig dug, dig dug to Gallagher, Galaxian, Pac-land Pac-Man,
Pac-Mania, Pac and Pal, Mappy, Rompers, Super Pac-Man. That's a pretty stocked cabinet as well.
And then there will be a Capcom cabinet with 1994, Loopmaster, Commando, Dark Stalkers,
Final Fight, Ghosts and Goblins, Street Fighter, Street Fighter 2 Turbo, Street Fighter 2 Basic,
and Strider. So that, uh-oh, uh-oh. Uh, there is a new Capcom cabinet and Strider is one of the
games in it. One of the Arcade 1-Up machines. Uh-oh. Damn it. I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna
have to, I have to leave now because I have to go harass my husband and tell him that such a thing
is going to exist. The moment that broke Dark Sakura finally on Arcade 1-Up, I'm just, I'm dying
over here. What? Well, there's some, but we were thinking about getting, but I mean,
that was, that was me when, when burger time finally happened. God
damn it. They find, they got, they got me gal. They already had it in the Final Fight cabinet
at one point. Oh really? You know, those were marked down to $50 at one point too.
Yeah, I couldn't find them, but I need to, I need to tell husband.
Bonds006 says her eyes glazed over when nostalgia. Yep.
Uh, Bobby Blackwall says that was me with Star Wars. And then again with Outrun. I think I,
you know, speaking of Star Wars, I think I texted Melody when that happened. Cause she's always been
huge into Star Wars. One of my good gal pals, Melody. We, I know we've brought up on the show
before, uh, married to, uh, Mel B who everybody in DDR knew back in the day. Um, she's really
super into Star Wars. And I think I remember a text message exchange where I text her that
Star Wars cabinet and it was, that's basically the reply I got. God damn it. It's just, it's the
sound of your wallet. Like just a God, just tell me where I got to send the money. We're doing,
we're doing all this other shit in my house. But you know what? But is the Strider cabinet
one of them? Well, I mean, honestly enough, if we sold like a pinball, we could buy
four machines like this, I don't know, maybe four, four or five or six, who knows? But yeah,
no, I, I, I, I'm just thinking that if there was going to be one that was to be purchased,
I think that Strider might be the one that, that breaks down. Finally broke. All right.
I feel like this should be a thing with arcade one up. Like what is your God damn it cabinet?
What is the cabinet arcade one up has to announce that's going to make you know, God damn it. And
now you got to buy it. Like, like for example, for most, for most people in chat, I'm sorry,
for most people in chat, spy Hunter, imagine that because that spy Hunter cabinet, God damn it.
All right. So you can check online. Brick seek, for example, is a good place to check for like
discounts. So like we've got one in a local Walmart here. They have the
moral combat cabinet for 75 bucks. Ooh. Ooh. I kind of see that one.
Cause see, it's not that I'd be saving money. I would be losing $75 for games I already own.
I would be losing space. I don't have in this house. So I already told you,
you could borrow a pinball. I know. I know when we, when we get the new one, maybe.
All right. Anyhow, but not theater, but not that one. Damn. All right. You can borrow anything you
want, but you can't borrow that. Okay. I would do anything for pinball, but I won't do all right.
Forget it. You know what? Let's just get to the classic game of the week before this segment gets
ugly. Every week, our soccer steps into the gaming vault and she says, God damn it. It's
been a long time since I played this game. I'm like, God damn it. If someone needs to
dust in here. It's a classic game of the week. Ironically, the game last week was Strider,
although different Strider, but anyway, it's just for you, Rob. Everything is coming full
circle on OLR tonight. Anyway, but we have a, we have a fun one tonight. I like this choice.
Classic of the week, dark soccer is going to find a game that's 10 years older or more
to reflect on fondly. And I think for me, I was like, Oh God, this game is, this game is
probably like 20 years old at this point. Yeah. So if you're going by the original,
which is where I'm starting. Yes, of course. So the classic game of the week is Cape story
or as it was in, uh, in Japanese doc to Monogatari. Um, so it is a, one of those quote,
Metroidvania style games. It came out for windows first. This is actually, I think one of the few
ones I've done that started off as a windows game. Um, and it was developed by a Japanese
developer Daisuke Amaya also goes by pixel. Um, and it's free time. Um, the game is a,
a 2d platformer, um, that has those, uh, exploratory elements and, uh, you know,
discovery and different characters you, uh, encounter along the way and different
branching paths in the story. Um, and it's really one of those, uh, those, you know,
when someone thinks of an indie game cave story should really be the first one that comes to mind
because it was done by one person. You're right. And it broke through in such a way
to like, this was before things like axiom verge and I'm getting to that. Okay. Sorry. I'm sorry.
But no, but, uh, it really is the game. I think to the indie game to influence
maybe all indie games, you know, in the, in the modern era, you know, if one person can
make such an Epic game, who's to say that a couple of friends together can't make, you know,
an Epic game. So yeah. So that's where I was really going with that one. Um, and it is a
pretty fast paced game. Um, you basically start as a robot named quote, who wakes up with amnesia
and must blow shit up and dig and look around and talk to people and figure out who he was
and power up and, uh, getting experience and talking to NPCs and, and having doors attack you.
Yes, you can be attacked by a door. Um, but I mean, it's a very simple game for how it plays,
you know, it's, you know, running, jumping, shooting shit. You've got your HUD, you have
your cute little pixely world and everything. And I remember playing, you know, uh,
translations of this, like in the early days, you know, but you also do have different, you know,
puzzles in the game that you have to solve and, you know, uh, getting through, uh, you know,
really like large amounts of enemies in some points. Um, and then, you know, it's also then
depending on what you do depends on what ending that you get. Like if you save this one character,
you get your memories back. If you, you know, if you don't meet this character, then it's a
completely different game as far as how it ends, you know, you, uh, people can, you know,
friends can turn into enemies if you don't do certain things in the game. So, um, and I'm not
going to, I mean, honestly, it's a, it's a fun game and I didn't really don't want to, want to
spoil it, but, you know, it's a game I really want people to go out and play. I mean, it's very,
it can be very complex. Um, but the game was actually developed over the course of five years.
Um, uh, Pixel, uh, uh, created this when he was in college and worked on it after getting a job
as a software developer, he wrote, he started by writing title screen music and just different
character movements. And then, you know, the idea evolved from there, um, by him creating
enclosed spaces, it kind of took that cave feel. And, um, you know, he said that because he didn't
plan it, he did have some problems down the line. Um, cause he didn't have like, you know,
map editing tools and different things to manage things, but he was really going for like an old
school game, something based off of Metroid, um, and pixel art, he wanted really pixel art games.
And so it is, uh, it's really become one of those games that, you know, got passed around from one
person to the next and, you know, different things. Um, but then we got later ports of it.
We had Linux, um, we had, uh, uh, let me see what the other ones were. So yeah, we had, um, uh,
Linux, we had haiku OS, uh, air Ross morph OS, Amiga OS, Mac OS 10, uh, PlayStation portable,
Xbox streamcast, Sega Genesis, GP two X, GP two X whiz, TI graphing calculator.
I knew this on my graphing calculator for the record. I was, I was like,
Sega Genesis. Like I knew about things like the 3DS and stuff where I played it, but I didn't
know they, they kind of demade it or, you know what I mean? Like kind of pushed it onto older
stuff too. That's pretty rad. Yeah. Um, but there's a, you know, with some of the other
versions that came out though, we did get updated an updated version. Um, and that came out, um,
on, we were, uh, on March 22nd, 2010 in North America and December 10th, 2010 in Europe.
It was also ported to DSI where, um, November 29th, 2010 in North America and the 22nd of November,
2011 in Japan, um, that didn't have the enhanced graphics from the Wii version,
but it did have the sanctuary attack mode. Um, there is a remake, like a free SDL based version
of the game of, sorry, of the game engine called NX engine, um, that people have been using to
modify the game and expand upon it. Um, there was also a re-release for the 3DS, uh, Nintendo E-shop
and then, um, that version has the DSI, uh, uh, whereas a version of jukebox mode and the
additional modes that were included in cave story plus. So, um, that does bring me to cave story
plus, which was, uh, it has, um, a different script than the original English version. Um,
and it has basically all the various modes from the Wiiware version, the remastered soundtrack,
toggling the style of the graphics between the classic and the Wiiware version and the music and
all of that has a wind fortress, uh, exclusive level, um, all kinds of stuff. And then you have
a cave story 3d, which is a 3d version of the game that was, uh, uh, published for the Nintendo 3DS.
Um, and I built back on that, but yeah, it had 3d models and a dynamic camera angle system and
whatnot. I personally prefer just straight up pixels. I will play it. I have the steam copy and
I really like it. Um, but yeah, this game is, and on top of that, it's, it's a big game. I mean,
it's not like, I mean, there's, yeah, everyone's going to speed run whatever the crap they can,
but this game is, it's pretty big. It's going to, you know, be something that you'll sit down
and play for a little while. Um, but yeah, um, there, uh, there's been other, uh, uh, things
to come from this game. Um, the character quote, uh, is a downloadable character in bit trip,
uh, presents runner to future legend of rhythm, alien, um, curly brace. Another character in the
game is a bonus playable character. And, uh, 1,001 spikes. Both of them are in the crossover
fighting game blade strangers. Um, and quote, curly brace and ballast the last fight. Um,
they're all available in another game by the publisher, um, crystal crisis, and you can get
quotes hat in the game Terraria, but this game is considered really to be one of the most
influential, influential games that came out in the, in the aughts. Um, and really the fact that
one person could put this game out, it really, um, inspired other people to do the same. Um,
you know, one, uh, you know, doujin soft, which is a, uh, a Japanese independent game,
um, actually brought back that Metroidvania genre. A lot of people said so, um, and bringing
back 2d games as a viable platform when everyone was smack dab in the middle of look at all my,
my, uh, polygons is, is so, and, you know, and it also, uh, some of the other games that this
one directly inspired are, were braid, super meat boy, Fez, Mega Man 11, even, um, and it's
considered really one of the most, uh, influential games. Now, once it was released for free,
you know, but the company, uh, Nicholas, uh, that took over the publishing issued cease and desists
and DMCA against the fan projects that use the game's assets and the decompiled code base.
Um, but, uh, but there were a lot of game developers that really seem to criticize this
action, um, to apply, you know, retrospective rights, uh, to it, you know, because they didn't
have the original rights on those releases. So, yeah, but anyway, there you go. Awesome game,
cave story. If you haven't played it, I highly suggest doing so.
Great pick. And like you said, I think, and I was kind of getting into there a little bit earlier,
is that like, you know, this game was right on the cusp of when those indie games really just
started to be everywhere because of the fact that the game consoles really started to open up to
self publishing and that sort of thing. And then we saw more self publishing kind of happen on,
you know, steam platforms and, and, uh, PC and so forth, or, or, or the app store, if you will,
on the, um, uh, Apple side, you know, there's, this was really like a predecessor to all of
that. And I think, you know, there's a little something that all those things are, uh, owing
to cave story for sure. Absolutely. Yeah. Great pick. So, yeah, well, I'm surprised I actually
hadn't done it because I mean, story is just one of those games that I remember just playing,
you know, translated copies of back in the day. Yeah. Uh, as Joe and her mat says,
I feel like this was in the early humble bundles. You're probably absolutely right.
Humble bundle seven. That's where I got it that late. I would have thought it was his one or two,
to be honest. Wow. I believe it was humble bundle seven. No cave story. Plus was a humble bundle
seven. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I played plus. That's right. I forgot. Yeah. Same thing. I remember
picking it up on the WiiWare or, um, was it, we were, no, it was three DS. I got it on three DS
shop. Cause it was really cheap at one point. Yeah. I just had my, you know, my translated copy,
my fan translation for the longest time. All right. So yeah. Cave story. All right. Let's
move on. We got to travel around the world and get some rapid fire news. Loki. All right. So
Hogwarts legacy has been delayed in 2022. Hopefully that'll give you enough time to forget
all the things that, uh, the author said, well, she can, she can, the internet has an
eternal memory. She can start with an apology, but at least this gives her time to do it, I guess,
but we'll, I'm not going to hold my breath. Yes. Basically, you know, they need more time for the
game. So 2022 for now. And then, uh, apparently Pokemon snap, since it's coming back brand new
game, uh, they'll be coming out on the switch April 30th. And that was announced, um, with a
real birthday. Yay. I can't wait to play the new, uh, Pokemon snap, to be honest,
it'll be fun about that. Looking forward to it. Speaking of Pokemon and Jason kind of addressed
this in tonight's intro. And I think this is, uh, this is like one of those, like,
what type of things. But, um, as Jason pointed out in tonight's intro, uh, it's the Katy Perry
has been tied with video games before. Uh, she did the Simlish stuff for the Sims. I forgot all
about that until I heard tonight's intro. I was like, Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was a few that
were involved with that, but, um, the reason why I'm calling out Katy Perry specifically is because,
uh, the Pokemon company has brought Katy Perry in who is well, and who's to say maybe Lily Allen
will be there too, because they say Katy Perry is the first in a star studded lineup of music stars
that is supposed to work on what's called P25, a collection of artists that are celebrating
Pokemon throughout the year. You got, you got Jigglypuff. Who else do you need? Anyway,
we don't know exactly like what is Katy Perry doing? We don't know. We assume it's a song
for maybe some type of soundtrack. Who knows? Um, anyway, uh, but they, they did announce there is,
there is a partnership with Katy Perry. Maybe she's going to host Pokemon idol. I don't know.
Anyway. Um, I suppose this is a good point for me to kind of call out to that there is a
big rumor going around the internet, um, about diamond and Pearl remakes supposedly being
confirmed, although Nintendo hasn't confirmed shit, neither has the Pokemon company, but I guess
there is a URL that showed up that has a lot of people kind of going, Ooh. And then of course,
one of those like, well, this website said it, so it must be true. So we're all still kind of
waiting to see where that ultimately goes. I hope it's true. I'd love to see diamond Pearl remakes,
especially with Sword of Shield's quality of life improvements and tie into Pokemon home.
That'd be fucking great, but, um, you know, we'll see. Um, you would think we would get them, but I,
again, I, I try not to expect anything from the Pokemon company or Nintendo, cause it usually
leads to disappointment, but I want to make sure that got called out at some point tonight.
Um, one other story I have has to do with Scott Pilgrim versus the world, the game,
which a lot of people are being reintroduced to this week, or maybe finding it for the first time,
uh, thanks to the remaster that just came out, uh, and due to all the discussion and interviews and
things, and people kind of poking away at this game, it was discovered, um, Brian Lee O'Malley,
who of course is the creator of, of the franchise, uh, mentioned there was supposed to be another
DLC. Uh, it was going to be a DLC that focused on the clash at demon head. Uh, it was going to take
place in Montreal and it would actually have envy Adams, Todd Ingram and Lynette guy caught
would all be playable in it. Uh, in the end, the DLC was canceled because of budget cuts.
So I don't know, they cross your fingers in your toes. Maybe they could make that DLC for the new
one. But again, I would not set my expectations anywhere because that always leads to disappointment.
Anyway, uh, dark Sakura, what do you have for us? How about what might've been, um,
the, uh, super Famicom was supposed to have a back to the future RPG game, um, from what it
looks like. Um, it was, uh, there were, it looks like, uh, like a few, uh, shots and some, uh,
sprites put out of, uh, doc Brown and Marty McFly. Um, but yeah, there was supposed to be, uh, kind
of almost like a Zelda like adventure game, um, for back to the future. Um, yeah, it would have
been cool. And it was based on back to the future too. So that would have been, that would have been
cool. One of my favorite games was Willow on the NES. And that was like a movie game that was kind
of Zelda inspired too. So I love that game. I know a lot of people give it shit, but I love that game.
You know what I like better than that version of Willow, the arcade version,
the arcade version of Willow was very different. Yeah. Dan and I actually watched a playthrough
of that the other day. Um, and we were just talking about how there's these beautiful,
like full-size portraits of, you know, of the, the characters in the movie, like, and this really
kind of almost disturbing one of Val Kilmer as Badmartigan, but all of that was freaking done in
pixels. Can you imagine if that had been in the nineties, can you imagine if that had been in the
Capcom cabinet too, if I was like it's Strider and Willow, that would have been like double
goddamn it. Right. So, you know, you know, what would be like the perfect, uh, adventure one though
would be like three wonders, Strider and Willow. Ooh. Ooh. I'm sure the Willow, you know, the,
the IP and all that, cause actually isn't Willow getting some sort of, I don't know, reboot or
sequel? Cause that's what every everything is all about now. And I swear there was something about
like Netflix doing a new Willow of some type. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody's doing something there.
And the thing that's getting me pissed off is that Willow already has a sequel.
There were three books that came out. I, I have the books, they're dog-eared and I have read
the shit out of them. It was, uh, the first one was called Shadow Moon. They were written by,
uh, George Lucas and Chris Claremont of X-Men history. Um, and it was really, really fucking
good series of books. And if that came out as like a Netflix series, I would piss myself.
Thank you. Everyone in chat is clarifying. It's a Disney plus. So, and that would make a lot of
sense because Disney has the Lucas stuff, which I believe this is, was under the banner of Lucas
arts if I'm not, or yeah. Right. Or Lucasfilm, excuse me. Um, yeah. I would sacrifice, I would
give someone else's right arm for it to be based off of the books. Cause the books were amazing.
And if none of you have read those three books, you need to read them. They are amazing. There's
like one of my favorite book trilogies ever. I'll I'll find my, my, my copies are actually
right over in a box behind me. So I'll have to, uh, to find them. But basically in a nutshell of
it, it's sort of like the very beginning of the book is Willow, you know, all wrapped up in his
studies and comes to find out, you know, he goes to like magically visit Allura Dannon on her
birthday and gave her a little protective bear only to find out days later that, um, that Tara
Azleen is destroyed everyone in it, including Mad Martigan and Sorsha. Um, and he sort of goes
down a completely different path and, and then he has to raise Allura Dannon by himself with
the brownies. Well, and Bobby says the series is 30 years after the movie. Sia Tabiri is with you
though, that I wonder if it's based on the novel series. Um, you know what though, if they don't
want to bring back Val Kilmer, that could be a plot. I don't know. I want to get, I get what I
said earlier. Don't ever get your hopes up. Then you won't be disappointed. And, and this is right
at the beginning of the book. So, um, it's not like the biggest of spoilers, but I mean, he does
have an interaction right at the book cause he thinks he's dreaming, but he's talking to Sorsha
and Mad Martigan and right at the beginning of the, of the thing. But the mo the books are so
good. Like I almost, as much as I love the movie, I cannot separate how much I love those books from
how much I love the movie too. So I really hope that it's based off of, uh, shadow moon and all
of those. Right. Fair enough. Sorry. We got on a Willow tangent, but that's all right. We always
have room for that. It was a great movie. Um, and then, uh, and then there was a canceled, uh,
Capcom generations, um, that these, uh, screenshots have, uh, been, uh, uh, uh, surfaced
and Mike, Oh my God, Chris was involved in okay. Chris Tang, uh, he, um, he was, uh,
leading the team for the development of it. Um, and so, uh, basically, um, it was a, uh,
action game engine, a proprietary action game, uh, engine that, uh, was, it went into a couple
of other failed, uh, pitches that were supposed to go out, but there were different Capcom
characters that were playable, such as mega man and Dante from devil may cry, Yoon from
street fighters, super Joe from bionic commando. And, uh, it was a little bit of a passion project
that never got off the ground, but he's got a playable, uh, uh, prototype apparently. Um,
and hopefully we'll get to see it. I might have to just, you know, go bust out. I wonder if this
has anything to do with that game that Capcom teased at one point that looked like a Capcom
universe type of thing. And like, some people were like, is this like a mega man maker with
like street fighter? Do you remember that? They show like a quick little movie at like some E3
and then it, it vanished. It was canceled. Never heard from again. It was a Capcom universe or
something like that. Uh, I wonder if this was somehow related to that. Oh, just weird.
I don't remember. Yeah. Somebody in chat's got to know what I'm talking about.
I'm not, I, I I'll, I'll be honest. I, I'm actually kind of curious to
just ask him straight up about it. Was it mega man universe? I guess maybe it
was mega man universe, but this was like a Capcom generations. Yeah. That's what it was called.
Right. Right. But I just remember it because there was some trailer and it had like mega
man and then like the characters from street fighter showed up and it was like, what?
So I just remember that was a big thing. Anyway. All right. All right. Well, less, less fan stuff,
more, uh, reality stuff. What is coming out around the world this week? We're going to
travel around the world and check out some release dates and we'll start with the U S and see if,
see if things are starting to pick back up again with releases.
Um, not a whole lot of stuff coming out, but we've got some pretty big things. So
starting off with hit man three on PC, Nintendo's PlayStation four PlayStation five,
X-Box one X-Box series X and stadia, uh, ride four on PlayStation five and X-Box series that,
and then we have skull, the hero Slayer on PC, and finally bladed fury on Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four and X-Box one. And just to clarify for chat before I get to Japanese
release dates, this was not the mega man cross street fighter. That was a separate thing where
they put like the street fighter bosses into a mega man thing. And that was like a download
thing that Capcom did for some anniversary or I don't know what it was, but that is actually not
the same thing I was thinking about, but the chat does seem to coalesce on. It was mega man universe.
It was like a mega man maker where you could use early Capcom sprites, including like box art,
mega man. Yeah. That was it. That was it clearly a different project than what dark soccer is
referring to, but I couldn't help but see a common thread there. So I was kind of curious if one kind
of influenced the other or what, but they both got canceled, which is a bummer. Let's go to Japan
and check out the releases there, which are picking up again. It's been a few weeks since
we've had some Japanese releases, but now we're back at it on the Nintendo switch this week on
the 21st samurai force Shing and samurai Jack battle through time, both get their releases in
Japan this week. Uh, and then quickly looking at the PlayStation five and the PlayStation four,
um, FIFA, I'm sorry, FIFA 21 is next week. So I guess it's still pretty slow on the five
and on the four this week, we have those same games I mentioned on the switch and that's it.
So it's still a little slow. Things really start to pick back up next week though. So
especially with the new FIFA, uh, dark soccer, how about the UK? Only two. Um, on the 20th,
we have hit man three. And then on the 21st for PlayStation, we have ride four.
All right. All right. We're going to get in some more stories and we'll be getting to your emails
at participate at orange laundry.com a little later, along with your chat influenced, um,
topics and comments when we get into the listener round table, but we have some more stories for
your first starting with Loki. Yeah. So this is pretty cool. So there's a brand new campaign
that's being created for portal two called a portal to desolation. And if you, if you won't
make portal three, we will. Well, the thing is that with valve though, is they they've done this
before. Like there's been other like portal, um, like full game, like full, like total conversions
that have been put out. Um, so this is not anything new, but, um, I mean, it is something
new, but it's been done before. So this is supposed to take place, um, in the eighties
and it features there's star characters called Diana. And it has a brand new like cybernetic
arm system thing that you have almost looks like a Samus's arm cannon, but it's, uh, it has an
integrated, uh, portal device inside of it as well called brace. And it looks pretty cool. They have
like a little teaser trailer out there that shows like one of the first, like, um, kind of one of
the puzzle levels that's in the game. And I really liked the vibe and it kind of reminds me though,
they have like a lot of, uh, you know, uh, the transitions between screens are almost like half
life two or half life, I think actually. So, uh, pretty cool. It's been in development for three
years already. Um, no word yet on what's expected to be out, but I mean, if they're teasing it
maybe relatively soon, maybe it will be a kind of thing where like, if I already own portal too,
then I can like kind of grab this. Yeah. I think what it is, if it's anything like the other,
uh, portal, uh, campaign that they've had out there, you basically have any source engine
game. You can play this. Oh, interesting. Okay. All right. Well, moving on, let's talk about some
of the other announcements at CES, although some of these weren't really intentional because some
of these got revoked. And what I'm talking about is that Sony actually had a keynote. And in that
keynote, they address some upcoming games for the PlayStation five and kind of detailing what to
look forward to on PlayStation, but was what was interesting is that there were, there was just a
few frames of some text that had some copyright specifics that gave more information as to when
some of these games were coming out. For example, Square Enix's project Aethia coming out January
2022. If you take this splash screen, literally, which again, it was, they went back and they took
it out of the trailer. Uh, they kind of like re-uploaded it or whatever. So they probably
did not want to be married to any of these dates, especially things that are really far out,
especially with the pandemic's future still uncertain, um, and all that. So, uh, I can see
why they went back and changed it, but it was interesting to see some of the things that they
were thinking or that, you know, might be, you know, kind of what to expect, uh, ghost wire,
Tokyo and stray that game with the cats that got her his attention 83, both October of 2021. Again,
if you put all your stock into that screen, hit man three was a part of that presentation and
said January, 2021, which that part was pretty locked in, um, solar ash, June of 2021,
Kena breed bridge of spirits, March of 2021, little devil inside July, 2021 horizon,
forbidden West. They didn't give a month, but they did say late 2021. So,
and that's not too surprising to hear. That's probably Sony's big game for this year.
What I thought was interesting though, pragmata also had a date 2023.
So some of those games you're going to be waiting a little while, but I mean,
that's pretty typical though of Sony. How many years do we wait for like among us or not among
us? Um, okay. Last of us to remember that E3 where like they just owned it. Like they, they
made, they literally made everybody cry because back to back was like final fantasy seven is being
remade. Shenmue three is real. And there was another big one. Oh, the last guardian is coming
back. I think we're all in the same like thing. Um, that, how long did those games actually take
to happen a very long time? And that's, you know, that's Sony's thing and Hey, it works for them.
By the way, if you want to believe rumors and I do believe this one, uh, speaking of the final
fantasy seven remake, there's another rumor going around social media that the PC and PlayStation
five version is coming out later this year. And that would not surprise me one bit. What
surprises me is the Xbox and Microsoft is left out. Um, there must be some interesting reason
for that, but I'm not surprised. I said that on the show, not that long ago. And it doesn't,
it doesn't take a genius to figure that out. That absolutely square is going to rerelease that on
PlayStation five and get its money all over again. Hell yeah. And then of course, a lot of people
are waiting for the PC version so you can mod it. So if you want your nude mods and whatever else,
you know, have at it. There you go. Anyway, uh, let's move on. Let's talk about another
old game, dark soccer. Well, more like other people talking about an old game.
So, um, I don't know how many people, you know, listening like video game documentaries, uh,
we're certainly big fans of them at my house. Yeah. Um, so there's going to be one about NBA
Jam. Um, yeah. And I mean, and it was like, you know, the nineties were the heyday of,
you know, of like the NBA franchise, right? We had space jam. It was all about Michael Jordan.
Um, and so we had NBA Jam and those, those, uh, you know, we had it in my, in my arcade,
you couldn't walk by without hearing a boom shakalaka every so often, you know,
he's on fire. He's on fire. Yeah. I don't talk about sports games a lot, but NBA Jam,
I will tell you that was an incredible sport. That was like probably my second favorite sports
game ever next to sports game. Cause it was unrealistic. So actually, yes. And I mean,
and I remember, you know, finding the, uh, the, the, the different builds of it where you could
play as the mortal combat characters in it and everything. Remember? Yes. Because the NBA wasn't
happy about that. Oh yeah. And you could play us on bill Clinton, who was president when that
came out. And I believe some Republican equivalent was also in it, you know, like,
so you could do political wars and things like that in NBA Jam. I don't think the NBA was happy
about that at all. And that'll probably be in the documentary. Well, the thing is, is that the NBA
almost never gave them the, you know, the, uh, license for it. Um, I mean, they couldn't get
Michael Jordan. He wouldn't let midway use his name or likeness. Um, you know, the licensing
agreement, you know, basically the NBA had a really poor, uh, opinion of arcades in general.
Um, but it turned out to be one of the most successful, uh, uh, video game franchises. I mean,
there are how many different releases came out. Um, did I ever do this as a classic game? I don't
think you did reference. You have to look at the Wiki, I guess, but, um, and it has an arcade one
up cabinet. Yeah. Yep. Cause of course it does. So, but, but even so, I mean, what we're getting
all this kind of love and resurgence back. So I think it's a great time for a documentary about
NBA Jam. Um, I mean, I have the Saturn copy of NBA Jam, the PlayStation ones. We have so many
releases. The Saturn one was kind of the hard one to get ahold of. Um, uh, but I mean, it was,
it was super, super fun. And then, you know, in a twist, the rumor is that, uh, Michael Jordan
actually had a modded copy that put him in the game after all. Huh. Um, that's a rumor,
you know, but Hey, you know, it's on fire. It's going to be, uh, going to be a, uh, a fun thing
to watch. I think I'm really, because I want to just, I want to see more about like those
different builds of the game because I, I played early builds of this when I was in, uh, in high
school, actually. Um, Zen monkey 11 and chat says the new NBA Jam is NBA 2k street too. You know,
I think that's not NBA Jam. Well, and, and I think they've tried to replicate the success of
the original several times because there was an NBA Jam on the Wii or the 360. Like they tried
to revive it. It was a 360. They've tried to do it several times and nothing really quite had the
fire of the, literally of the first go around. Like that just wasn't the same. And yes,
absolutely. NBA, the street, like I, again, I don't talk a lot about sports games, but I know
enough that those street games are to try to get that more arcade style magic. It's almost like
Forza Horizon versus Forza Motorsport and how Horizon is the more kind of like arcade type
of game. It's, it's kind of like that with the NBA street and the NBA, but, uh, I, nothing is quite
just put that magic in the bottle quite the same. So, but it's also in the eyes of whatever you
like. I'm not saying they're a bad game either. If, uh, you know, it's, it's enough of the magic
for you and you enjoy it with all the new bells and whistles and stuff go off. Those games are
for you. So it's pretty cool. All right. Um, anyhow, let's move on to another story. I think
Loki you're up. All right. So let's talk a little bit about, uh, more delays. This is not surprising,
really. I mean, we're still aware that COVID is a thing. So when originally, um, Nintendo and
Universal Studios Japan announced that they were going to be opening Super Nintendo World, uh, in
Japan in February 4th, that's not really going to happen because of the state of emergency that it's
been declared in Osaka. So now it's been delayed. They haven't announced a new date yet. They will
once the state of emergency is lifted because of COVID-19. But I mean, this is, it's a pretty
common thing that we're hearing now with different delays, especially when we're talking about
outdoor theme park. Yeah. I wonder if they won't delay the Olympics again. I know they kind of,
the Olympic committee kind of put their foot down and said these Olympics are happening in 2021,
COVID or not. I don't know if I believe it, but then again, by the time we get to June,
you might think, I mean, they might be doing the Olympics in a audience free stadium and they'll
make sure that it could be a very different looking Olympics. Um, and they'll make sure
all the players got vaccinated or whatever, but, uh, it could be interesting. We'll see.
So, I mean, these are still, I mean, I remember in the early days of the pandemic when we thought,
it'll just be a couple of weeks. And then, you know, here we are.
So I would like to point out, I did not think it would be a couple of weeks.
Yeah. Well, I don't like you being right on this one.
Well, me either. So, um, well, let's just fingers and toes crossed that maybe now we're getting
some competent leadership coming in this week that yes, the car will, it's not going to be
automatic. It's not going to be automatic. Well, my wedding anniversaries this week too,
you might remember I got married the day before. Yeah. So our four year anniversaries this week,
uh, uh, Tuesday actually. So yeah, kind of funny how that works. Um, but anyway, yeah, I mean,
obviously the car is not going to turn around immediately, but at least hopefully we will be
on a path. I mean, they're talking about, what was it like a hundred million vaccinations in a
hundred days. Let's hope we'll see. All right. And thank you for the kind words in chat. Appreciate
it. All right. Let's move on to one more story for you guys. And this has to do with the ESA,
uh, which, you know, has, has had some issues in the past couple of years, but, uh, this one is,
is pretty clear, especially with all the recent, you know, uh, things that are going on in the
political world. Uh, the ESA has halted political donations, and this is something that's kind of
happened across the board because, um, what happened at the Capitol, uh, was, was not good.
And I think that's about the simplest way I can put it. And it's having ramifications for a lot
of people. And so the ESA, yes, our industry, the entertainment software association, the group that
puts on E3, uh, they are stopping political donations due to what happened at the Capitol
building and all of the fallout from that saying in a statement, given the events and actions that
led to the violence at the U S Capitol, we are pausing contributions from the ESA PAC,
as we reflect on the tragedy and our path forward. Uh, just so you know, the ESA has donated both to
Democrats and Republicans since 2012, but it is interesting to note it's usually Republicans.
The larger share has gone to that, but that also probably ties into who was leading the
ESA for a long time. I do your own research and come to your own conclusions, I suppose. Um,
so anyway, um, the ESA, by the way, has, uh, just because they have donated to some, uh,
Republican folks before it doesn't mean that they have always, uh, embraced everything that, uh,
soon to be former president has done. Uh, for example, the ESA in 2018, when our president
decided to call Haiti and African nations, shithole countries, uh, the ESA came out and
said that it was repulsive and that that backward thinking has no place in society.
And that would be one of the cases where the ESA was absolutely correct. Uh, unfortunately they
don't always get it right when it comes to things like how to run E3, but, uh, or the things they
tweet, but you know, you, you take the little victories where you can, I suppose, or as Phoenix
77 26 puts it so eloquent eloquently in chat, took those fuckboys long enough.
That's why we have a live chat room. All right, let's go to our listener round table,
uh, where you guys can send us emails, participate at orange lounge, radio.com,
or if you want to ask us some questions, don't ask about fuckboys though. If you want to ask us
questions, uh, or what have you in chat twitch.tv slash vog networks, the place to do it. Uh, let's
see, do we, do we have any emails tonight? Nope. So it's drag race talking. So I haven't watched
any of it this season yet. Um, if, Oh, that's where I can talk about drag race again. Okay.
So since you didn't send emails, we get a little bit of drag race talk and all I will say is that
okay. I'm not going to, I w we don't do spoilers here, but I will say you need to watch this most
recent episode and understand why we all stand to Misha Iman. We stand her there. That is the
only option period because, and I didn't know this until just this past week. Okay. So everybody
knows, and I don't, I don't care if you're gay, straight, bi, pan, eh, any of it, you know,
that video of the best drag queen entrance of all time, right? Uh, where the it's holding out for
a hero and the drag queen falls from the ceiling into the splits. Y'all know that, right? Yeah.
Right. Everybody knows that one. And, uh, her name was Tandy Iman Dupree, I think was her name.
I'm so sorry if I'm getting it wrong. Um, that is Tamisha Iman's daughter, drag daughter, basically.
Uh, she passed away. If you didn't know that the drag queen in that epic video passed away,
um, a few years ago. Uh, but it's her drag mom is on drag race right now. And she is
all the royalty you would expect her to be. So there's some, yeah, there's some very standable
people on drag race right now. So there's that. All right. Participate at orangesontrader.com.
If you have some emails, um, or I guess you want to email us about drag race. I don't know.
All right. Uh, and I'm looking in chat for questions. We don't have a lot right now,
but, um, in absence of that, I will ask Loki if we have any last minute stories.
Um, there's one thing, so I was going to mention, there's a free game you can check out on steam
called six seasons in a game. It is basically a paint ball recreation of Greendale community
college from community. And you can play that and play paint ball in there. Perfect. Just like in
the show. So yeah, six seasons in a game, free on steam, uh, dark to see in chat coming up with a
question since drag race came up, came up. Has anyone seen AJ and the queen on Netflix?
Bonus bit of trivia. Roo's roommate apparently plays a prominent role in cyberpunk 2077. Roo
has a husband, not a roommate. He's in cyberpunk. What do they do? They fracking? Well, I don't
know. Anyway. Um, Oh, Oh, Oh, in the show. That's right. Roo did have it. You're right. Okay. Sorry.
I was thinking IRL Roo's roommate in the show. Yes. Um, was like, uh, I remember I did see a
couple episodes of the show, but it was kinda, it was kinda bad. Sorry. It was kinda, it's,
it's like guilty pleasures. It's a guilty pleasure TV, I guess. So, okay. Okay. So the roommate in
the show is in cyberpunk. That makes a lot of sense. So, all right. Uh, Loki, any more last
minute stories? Um, no, that's pretty much it is important things. All right. Well, I guess we're,
we're a little early, but we're at the end of the show. We don't have a lot else to talk about.
January is still a slow month. What can you do? Um, thank you guys so much for listening to our
show tonight. Uh, we appreciate you guys participating along with our show, whether you
were here with us live on Sunday night, or you were listening throughout the week on our podcast
feed available where great podcasts are found such as Spotify, iTunes, and so forth. Um, you
can leave us a nice review wherever you found this show. We really appreciate those. Or, uh,
just tell us, tell a friend or two about the show. Um, word of mouth is the best thing we have to
spread word of the show. So those of you that have spread the word by telling your friends,
we really appreciate that. Um, those of you that do auto hosts a VoG network on your Twitch
accounts, we really appreciate that as well. Um, so yeah, any, all of that stuff we, we super,
super appreciate. Um, and, um, let's see what else. Oh yes. The shop. Uh, if you want to,
uh, help us out, uh, in the monetary sense, you don't have to, but it does go a long way and you
can get some merchandise, vognetwork.com slash shop. If you want to get an OLR t-shirt such
as the one that Loki's wearing tonight or a VoG network shirt or an OLR sticker or a Bobby mug and,
and more to come throughout this year, we'll be adding some more merch to that shop,
vognetwork.com slash shop. All right. I was going to close off the questions,
but since we're a little early, I'll let one more sneak in here after the buzzer,
especially because he paid to highlight it. DJ Rama S says, uh, what are y'all's guilty pleasure
video games? Guilty pleasure games. See, I would consider Final Fantasy 14 one of them,
even though I think that is a good game. That is like a game I keep going back to,
um, no matter what a guilty pleasure game. Earth Defense Force. I don't feel guilty about
anything I play. I mean, I'm playing all, I'm playing all of my, all of my things that I enjoy
playing. You know, I've got patterned. I have my stupid word game. Wardscapes. I just started
playing that too. I love it. I'm so good at it. That's that. That's the one where you swipe the
letters as in a crossword puzzle. I just got into that this week. I would, I would live for that
playing words with friends too, to the point as like, I'm actually really bored with boards
with friends too. I only like doing those puzzles. And so I've played, I played completely through
a whole other game just like this. I beat, I beat it. And now I'm on, what am I on for this game?
I'm on level, uh, 1,841 and I just made a 20th place in the current tournament.
So good for you. Yeah. I'm also, I'm also 20th place, but I think it breaks,
breaks you into groups of a hundred or something like that. Yeah, I think it does. Yeah. So,
I mean, but I really, I really enjoy, enjoy this game. I wonder how many levels it has
before I'm done with it, but it was enough that I paid to get no ads. Oh, okay. Nice.
Yeah. I would say a lot of those cell phone games end up being my guilty pleasure games,
you know, cause you know, cell phone gaming isn't real gaming, but it is. Um, and so there's,
there's a lot of, I would say a lot of that stuff falls into the guilty pleasure category for sure,
for me. Um, those word games, uh, thanks to the, um, uh, reality game I was talking about on last
week's show, they got me into a game called stacked or something like that. That's really
addicting. And it's just a very simple, stupid game. Uh, playing that a lot. So yeah, a lot,
pretty much anything on my phone is a guilty pleasure game. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says P cross.
That's a good one too. I may throw out, um, uh, maybe hot to full boyfriend just because I fucking
love that game. I love how to full boyfriend. Sometimes the game is so ridiculous. It's still
pretty good. Yeah. Well, I mean, and it goes there. It goes dark. So yeah, I would say mortal
combat is in that category. I'm not as big on the newer ones, but the older ones to me are kind of
guilty pleasure games like mortal combat two specifically, I think is a guilty pleasure game
for me. There you go. Rama. See, don't say I don't love you. I let you squeeze in the last minute
question there. All right. Uh, now we're going to go through the motions of wrapping everything up.
Thank you again for listening to the show. I won't repeat everything I said before. Um,
but, uh, thank you again to everybody who's listening, whether it be, uh, live or on the
podcast feed, we really appreciate your support. Um, we'll be here next week to do it all over
again. Um, I hope everybody has a great week, happy gaming, um, and, uh, stay safe, stay, uh,
far away from any place where you could potentially catch COVID and maybe we will get to the other
side of this after all. Um, so let's go around and get final thoughts. Uh, Loki,
I'm gonna start with you at your final thought tonight. Um, just have to work more of my games
and also, uh, still want to stream some more Minecraft. Yeah. Uh, and my final thought is
I will really push myself to do a stream this week. That is not final fantasy. I'll probably
stream that too, but I want to do like DJ max. I keep saying I want to do a Tetris effect stream.
Now that we're getting these pixel poops codes, I'm asking why, why are, can we stream this or
do you want me to wait? So I'm hoping to stream something, uh, this week that isn't just final
fantasy. So there's that last but not least dark soccer. Um, please look at the pinned post on my,
uh, Twitter it's at dark Sakura. Um, I have a go fund me for a long time friend of the show and one
of my longtime friends. Um, and the only person who has donated since I put out that call is
someone who doesn't even listen to the show. So anything, if you want me to pick a game
and I'm going to extend this, you know, another, another week for, for donations, but, um, $10
as a vote, $50 gets you, uh, uh, I'm going to put it this way. Uh, if you do, uh, $10 is a vote,
$50 would be a hundred votes and $500 will be an instant game choice as long as I own it.
So, um, I'll, I'll put it in the chat room and, um, but it's, it's in one of the pinned,
uh, post on my, on my wall. All right. Well, with that, we hope you guys all have a good week.
We will see you in seven days to talk about more gaming. Stay safe. Have a good one. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR
Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
