It's still a weird era.
Business people get advice from business people about what supposedly made them successful,
forgetting how much of it wasn't in their hands to begin with and never will be.
Twitch thinks their TV network can control all their content, so their rules about advertising
went over about as well as could be expected.
Time flows like a river, and history repeats.
Please support the people that do the work.
This is the One Step Forward, Five Leaps Back intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again, episode number 963 of our show for tonight, June 11th, 2023.
It's a little bit of a busy week in gaming.
We got a lot to get into, but first, let's introduce ourselves and get off topic.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'm here with you every week, joined by my co-hosts, the one and only Dark Sakura or
Jamie Summers.
I'm mad at popcorn.
I need to go get some more.
That is a shame.
You might need some popcorn tonight with all the cutscenes, cinematics, epics, games coming.
It's delicious kettle corn.
The best.
My favorite.
The best.
After my day, I need it.
Let me cycle back to that real quick, but first, let me say hello as well to Tech Master
Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Doing good.
Trying to figure out the game behind you playing, because of course, we do tape live every Sunday
night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of the Geeks Network, twitch.tv
slash VOG Network, V-O-G Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show on Sunday nights.
You can see video.
It is a podcast.
We try to be mindful of that and keep it very audio based, but sometimes there's just some
fun little things on the video, and the one is I'm trying to figure out what that game
is playing behind Loki on his little webcam tonight.
It was a Super Nintendo game.
Is it the one with the guy playing the banjo on the cover?
No.
That's-
No.
That's a shooter game.
Equinox or something like that.
No.
Equinox was a Sony game.
Flannix, I think, was a game.
That game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is Cybernator.
Oh, because there was an NES version of that, wasn't there, or an earlier version or something?
I thought.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
There's a game that was similar.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't remember.
Well, Dark Tetsuya and chat got it.
Ding, ding, ding.
Maybe Cybernator.
So, there it is.
You got it.
Yes, and Flannix was the game I was trying to think of with the epic-
Hey, Link.
No.
The guy playing the banjo.
It's the banjo game because the box art was this infamous guy playing the banjo that had
literally nothing to do with the game.
I don't know why-
And it intrigued you, and you had to rent it then, and you're like-
Yeah.
It really was one of those things where it's like, I have to rent this because I don't
know what the hell this is.
I really don't.
I'm not able to find a very large picture of this box art, but I found a little tiny
one there that I can put on stream.
That's what it looked like.
It's honestly a game I should cover because it was a completely different game and had
a really good X68000 release.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it's-
Of course.
Dark Tetsuya says, I mean, people still talk about it 30 years later, so mission accomplished.
Clearly.
Clearly mission accomplished.
All right.
We are going to get into some gaming news, but first, Dark Sakura, I know you were talking
about your day, and I wanted to give you some space to vent if you need it.
Oh, it's not really a vent per se.
I had posted earlier that Midna was having some problems.
She had been twitching on her jaw.
Her lower jaw would just twitch, and she'd be licking the top of her mouth, and she was
drooling excessively, but she didn't have bad breath.
The biggest sign that she would have had stomatitis, I believe it is, which is a more advanced,
terrible form of gingivitis, so she didn't have bad breath or anything, and she was doing
other stuff, but whenever I'd go to wipe her mouth with a towel, she'd hiss really badly.
That was yesterday.
My friend Heather, she was a vet tech.
I sent her videos, but because Midna didn't have the bad breath or anything, we were thinking
that it might be neurological, like she had a seizure or an episode or something, until
I sent her a video of Midna eating and trying to get in my face to take some bonito flakes.
We saw her tooth was at a 45-degree angle.
Her appointment was on Tuesday.
I didn't know if I needed to get her into an emergency vet, so I couldn't find my forceps
either, so I sterilized some pliers, and I was just going to see, is it loose?
I barely touched it, and it came out, so Midna's feeling better.
She started eating almost immediately, little hog, cleaning herself.
She's over on the other chair, just chilling.
For anyone who is like, oh no, no way in this thing, it just came out.
It just came out.
I hardly did it.
It just needed a little push.
Or a pull in this case.
It wiggled once and came out, and Midna didn't act any other way.
In fact, she seemed pretty happy when it was gone.
I do have some Chloracin, which is an antibacterial mouth rinse, although they put orange flavor
in it, which is stupid, because citrus scents and flavors are a deterrent to cats.
They hate them.
Midna's extra pissed off about that, but she's still going to get it used for a few days.
And yeah, she's probably going to be on some antibiotics after I take her to the vet, because
I don't want it to get infected.
I'm just afraid that they might need to see if there's any more debris in there, and that's
the part where I don't know if I'm going to have all the money for that, but on a completely
unrelated topic, I have the world's smallest Birkin bag.
For anyone who doesn't know, it's actually a miniature version of an Hermes Birkin in
a nice cappuccino color, and I got a traction machine, but I think they sent me the wrong
one, and yeah, that's been my IRL week, but mostly it's just been Midna for the last couple
of days, and she was so miserable.
If I had seen it sooner, I could have yanked that tooth out, but at least she's done this
time.
At least it's done now, and she's doing better now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a cat surgeon.
Just kidding.
I'm not.
All right.
I'm keeping the tooth.
Cats are important.
I want to say a bit of a personal note before we get into the gaming news, because I just
made an announcement at the end of Bobby's show here.
I want to make sure I repeat it here for the OLR audience, and that is I'm not going to
be making one trip to Atlanta this year.
I'm going to be making two.
I'm very excited to announce I'm going to be at the Southern Fried Gaming Expo the weekend
of July 28th through the 30th, and this is at the Marriott Renaissance Waverly where
that's happening.
It's very similar in many ways to the show out here that's California Extreme, but they
have some celebrity guests, and it's been getting bigger and bigger, and it's their
10th anniversary year out there, so I'm very excited to go out and take part in that.
Check that out.
I'm hoping to be involved with some panels and do some fun things out there that weekend
in July.
July 28th through the 30th, the Southern Fried Gaming Expo in Atlanta, and I will also still
this year be at Dragon Con, so I'm taking two trips to Atlanta about five weeks apart,
but the Southern Fried trip is only a long weekend.
I literally get in on a Thursday night, and I go out Monday morning.
It's just a long weekend.
Dragon Con, I'm there for an entire week as usual, because Dragon Con is a very long con,
but yeah.
Man, any excuse you can to beat Bobby's score at pinball, I mean, I swear.
Right?
Well, the nice-
This rivalry's getting out of control.
The nice thing about Southern Fried Gaming Expo is that they have an entire room filled
with pinball games that I can get the high score on, or at least, if nothing else, I
probably won't get the high, high score, because there's a lot of very good players there,
but at least beat Bobby's score on as many of the machines as possible, because he can't
ban me from that arcade as long as I am a registered member of the con, which I will
be.
So yes, I'm looking forward to my stupid beginner's luck.
You know that's all it is, is stupid beginner's luck, because I think I talked about it last
week, or a couple weeks ago on the show, when I was in San Diego for work, one of the nights
I went to a coin-op place there that had some pinball games, and I played that Avengers
table for the first time, and I won a free game twice.
That's how ridiculous my beginner's luck was on that table, so there is that, but that's
why I love the Stern connected thing, because when nobody believes me that I did that, I
can be like, see, I have the score and the achievements to prove it, my little Stern
insider thing, so that's something they're doing very well.
All right.
Let's get into a lot of gaming news from this week, because this would have been E3 week,
this coming week would have been E3 week, but obviously not happening, but what did
happen, Summer Game Fest this last week, and then of course this morning, Xbox had a showcase.
So let's start, and then there's actually other things been going on as well, but we're
going to start tonight talking about Summer Game Fest, which happened a few days ago.
Unfortunately, I was not able to watch this live.
I had to get kind of a recap of this, but I kind of caught up on all the news and what
happened.
So first, let's talk about the Prince of Persia, Lost Crown.
So this is a game that's kind of like a 2.5D adventure, it looks a little more like a classic
Prince of Persia title than one of the newer titles.
This is going to be coming out in January, January 18th, 2024, assuming it doesn't get
delayed or anything.
But this honestly, right off the bat, this is probably one of the more exciting titles
out of the whole showcase for me.
So I'm definitely down with Prince of Persia, The Lost Crown, and sort of finding the roots
a little bit of the series.
Another, we went right from that into Mortal Kombat 1.
We are starting over, says the Mortal Kombat team.
As they go into Mortal Kombat 1, they really did some in-depth gameplay for this, and then
some of the crazy changes that are going on as well, and the Cameo system, which will
let you call in additional characters to help during a fight.
So you can bring in Baraka, Goro, Striker, and Sonya are some examples of Cameo fighters.
So that's an interesting kind of, it feels very like Capcom fighter from the 90s, where
you would tag team people.
They don't take it, they just come in to do a move.
There was absolutely a Capcom fighter like that, more than one.
Yeah, more than one.
There's several where you just tag them in and they do a move.
Yeah, yeah.
That one, Superheroes and Street Fighters, the one I definitely remember.
So that'll be fun.
So Mortal Kombat 1, I think people are very excited about.
That is coming out September 19th.
So the nice thing about the Mortal Kombat team, they usually don't tease games until
they're about ready to go.
So Mortal Kombat 1 is out in just a few months.
Sonic Superstars, this looked kind of cool too.
This is going to involve multiple playable characters, co-op gameplay for up to four
people and you can run up walls and waterfalls.
That's going to be out for PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Series X, and Nintendo Switch all this
fall.
So a little bit more of like a, I don't, I always say like a kind of like more of a game
in Sonic's roots a little bit.
Because it's not, it's not like the more recent title, but it definitely looks, it looks very
cool.
It's a bit more like Mania, you know, like more of the classics on the game, the last
one they went really in the other direction, everyone's like, no, don't do that.
Well, the vibe I kind of get from it, honestly, and not, not completely, but like just a vibe
is the new Super Mario Brothers games that were on like Wii U and stuff, which were four
player.
That's kind of like the vibe I get from it.
It's kind of like that, but for Sonic, but like not a literal clone, like it's, it's
doing its very Sonic thing.
Like these, it looks very chaotic and fun, honestly.
Yeah, I think this Sonic title, I'm going to be quite honest, looks more exciting than
a lot of Sonic titles have been in a long time for me, just because it invokes like
that classic Sonic feel to it.
You know what I mean?
So Sonic Superstars, really looking forward to that.
A horror game called Toxic Commando is coming from one of the all time greats in horror,
John Carpenter and Saber Interactive.
You'll be fighting zombies with guns and vehicles.
Yeah, just John Carpenter's name alone on this is going to make people pay attention.
I can't say I blame them for that.
And we got Spider-Man 2.
This is probably one of the other big reveals out of the whole thing.
We have a date, October 20th, exclusive to the PlayStation 5, of course.
We have Spider-Man 2 is going to be coming out and Queens and Brooklyn are fully explorable
in the game because it's a very open world type of game and rooted in New York.
So that'll be very cool.
If you are a Fortnite fan, chapter four, season three is coming out.
It's called Wilds and the big new character in this is going to be Optimus Prime.
So if you want to play as a transformer in Fortnite, if you want to be a transformer
fighting Ariana Grande, wielding Jedi superpowers, Fortnite is now the game for you because it's
literally the blender of all these pop culture things, which is what they've been saying
for quite some time.
There's one more pretty major thing I'm going to let Dark Soccer talk about in a minute,
but I want to do some other quick hits here.
New trailer for Path of Exile 2.
Exo Primal is going to get some skins for the mechs based on Street Fighter 6, Ryu and
Guile.
Tiny bit of a deeper dive on Nicolas Cage in Dead by Daylight.
And of course, Nicolas Cage actually showed up to basically give the, I'm Nicolas Cage
and I approve this message type of thing.
That's going to be coming out on July 25th.
His model doesn't look anything like him.
I mean, barely.
It's a mild resemblance.
It looks a lot like him.
Looks better.
It's hot Nicolas Cage, I'm on down with the model to be honest.
The facial structure is there, the expressions there, it's pretty dead on.
It's younger, which is, you know, it's fine.
I mean, it's meant to be a video game, it's Nick Cage.
Also The Witcher Season 3 Volume 1 had a new trailer.
Witchfire is going to be entering early access on the Epic Game Store September 20th.
New gameplay trailer showed off for Remnant 2, a live action trailer and a release date
in August for Crossfire Sierra Squad.
PlayStation 5 is going to be getting the game that I'm seeing more and more of on Twitch.
Honkai Star Rail is going to be coming out on PlayStation 5 during Quarter 4 this year.
That of course from the same people that brought Genshin Impact, so it's a similar
vibe, although it's a little more standard RPG mechanics from what I understand.
Lies of P got a demo and a release date of September 19th.
Yeah, it looks pretty good.
Yeah.
Sand Land based on Akira Toriyama's Sand Land, a game that's going to be based on that.
It's coming out.
Annapurna mentioned they're going to be doing their own showcase on June 29th to show off
some upcoming games.
New free-to-play MMO Throne and Liberty with a trailer, War Haven with a new trailer, Party
Animals with a release date, Dying Light 2 has some gameplay updates, Alan Wake 2 had
an extended gameplay video and Keely had interviewed Sam Lake on stage.
I think a lot of people are very excited about Alan Wake 2.
I'm definitely excited to see what music they've licensed for it because the first game had
an amazing soundtrack, that's for sure.
Yes, Your Grace Snowfall, which is a sequel, got a 2024 release window.
There was an awful lot going on.
A lot of it was finally some dates, really, for some things.
A limited Xbox Series X for the Porsche's 75th anniversary.
Star Trek Infinite, a 4X game from Paradox, is going to be coming out as well.
There's a game I missed that you wanted to mention, by all means do so, and there's one
more, actually.
Also we got a clip from the new Twisted Metal show, which, eh, is alright.
Loki's being very generous, in my opinion.
I guess maybe if you enjoy bad shit- Here's the thing, I know it's trash.
I know it's trash, it's like Fast Five, or like the Fast and the Furious series.
I know going in it's going to be trash.
I've set my expectation for trash.
I'm fine with that.
I like Anthony Mackie, and I like Will Arnett, so I'm ready for trash in the Twisted Metal
world.
I don't expect anything great out of it.
And I'm happy for you, Loki, and that's about where my excitement ends.
But in all seriousness, I think something all three of us can get behind, this was the
one that everyone was talking about, Dark Sakura.
What was the big, big reveal of this show?
It was Final Fantasy VII Rebirth, which is the second installation of the remake series.
And it's very pretty.
Very pretty.
It's supposed to be like the middle part of the game, where you're outside wandering around,
going hither and yon.
It's very pretty.
I like the voice acting.
I can see where they're going with the foreshadowing in there too, so that's pretty good.
And I feel like they really are now flexing that they're going to do whatever the fuck
they want in this.
I mean, I know you mentioned they're following the story a little bit, but okay, there's
this whole interesting thing that came out about in the Japanese version of the trailer.
So something that happens towards the end of the trailer is that there's this whole
scene where it looks like Sephiroth is looking at Tifa or something, and he actually says
something in the Japanese trailer about, I killed Tifa or something like that.
I don't remember what the words were, but obviously they're not going to give away a
bombshell thing like that in the trailer.
It's obviously some type of mind fuck, like was it a fake version or an alternate reality
version because obviously there's something going on because you can't say I killed this
person and then the person is sitting right in front of you.
There's obviously some weird shit going on, but there's just that whole concept of, wait
a minute, they might kill somebody besides Aerith, which, spoiler alert, already happened
in the first game, and then he was brought back to life, but in the second game, clearly
they can do whatever they want.
But I just-
Hold on.
Oh, what?
I'm going to see what he said.
I'm going to hear it for myself.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, there's a translation version somewhere out there with subtitles.
But anyway, while you're checking that out, I will just mention, just because I've had
that kind of year, I do want to say about six years ago when this series was first announced,
I said they can do whatever the hell they want this time, and I think they'll kill Tifa
instead of Aerith just to get fanboys upset.
So by God, if that does come true, I'm writing a book, why I'm so goddamn smart at video
games by Rob Roberts.
One thing though I should point out is that the scene there, at least as far as how it
was in the old game, was from their flashback.
She wore that outfit as like a tour guide or something when they found the Genova facility
the first time.
So that's all in flashback.
So Mishkins in chat says, I feel like that might be a dream sequence, like someone's
having a dream.
And in it they say, I killed Tifa.
Oh yeah, there's absolutely...
Well, they didn't say I killed Tifa, he said, I killed her.
Who is she?
No, they're talking about the Japanese version.
In the Japanese one, they say, yeah.
But here's the thing, look, it's not worth over-analyzing because they do misdirects
in movie trailers all the time.
Or because I love to relate everything to RuPaul's Drag Race, there was a scene in the
trailer for season five where Alaska goes, I've had it with everybody.
She goes, I fucking hate it here.
And then you find out it was like, she's acting.
And they got her to say that in the clip, like had nothing to do with her actually being
mad at anybody.
Like it's just, they do that type of misdirect shit all the time in trailers just to get
you riled up.
So, did you want to say anything else on that, Darcyra?
I listened to the phrase and he literally did said, I'm the one that killed Tifa.
Yeah.
So...
I went to listen to it.
But if you, again, I think in the very beginning of that trailer, you see all of the characters
coming out in stretchers and Midgar, so something weird's going on.
So it's, it's just, and if you played the first game, you know, there's all sorts of
weird timeline fuckery and things that have been altered from its original state and so
forth.
You know, it's, again, I can't keep hiding the major twists in Final Fantasy Remake from
you much longer because they're going to be essential to Rebirth and talking about the
game and why it's going to go in a different direction.
So but yeah, it's, I was very hyped for the trailer.
Oh, you know, the other part of the trailer that was huge news.
It says it's two discs.
Excuse me?
Taking all of your storage space.
Excuse me?
This game is so big, you need two Blu-rays.
One Blu-ray disc is not enough to handle the second part of a game.
That's big news too, as far as I'm concerned.
RIP to the bandwidth caps of those that still have them for those that decide to get the
game digitally.
My goodness.
Well, if you have a PlayStation 5 digital edition.
Oops.
Oops.
Yeah.
I hope you have unlimited bandwidth or something or you're going to be playing on the cloud.
I don't know.
Or you can maybe like download like the first part and then the second part the following
month or something like that.
I don't know.
Quest Buster does point out Horizon Forbidden West is also on two discs.
Oh, even on PS5 it was?
I did not know that.
Okay.
But I'd also kind of believe it.
Quest Buster says, get a snack for long installs.
Mike Def says, 200 gigabytes plus updates.
Well, look Square, you better minimize those day one updates.
Let me tell you, because by the way, the other thing that they snuck in a pushback, did you
notice they snuck in a delay with that game as well?
Now it's quarter one 2024, because it was supposed to be this year, because remember
we were talking about, oh, Final Fantasy 16 and Final Fantasy 7 part two in the same
year.
Wow.
And I, again, I don't want to toot my own horn, but I was saying several weeks ago,
it's probably going to slip in the first quarter.
And here we are.
And, but it's, I don't think it's a big deal, especially now when you hear like exactly
how much is going into the game.
And quite frankly, again, if a delay can minimize those day one patches, I think most people
will be very grateful to hear it, quite honestly, so.
They've also been teasing things on Twitter about that game, basically that like, it ranges
from the really fucking obvious to the not so obvious, like, yes, Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth
will have a new soundtrack with some new songs, as well as remixed songs from the original.
Holy fucking shit, what an announcement.
Like what a breaking news alarm of Final Fantasy 7.
Oh my god.
Video game to have soundtrack?
What?
You don't say.
Oh, oh, wait, wait, wait.
What?
I just went back.
I know I keep going back to the thing you said, what he actually says is I should have
killed Tifa.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, look.
Anyway.
We'll find out in a few months.
But the other thing, then there also was one that said basically the developers feel you
don't have to play the first game to pick up this game, which is the smart thing to
do, you know, because let's be real, there are some people that are going to be 21 when
this game comes out that were like 16 or 17 when the other one came out.
And maybe they're just now getting around to buying their own PS5 and what have you,
you know, whatever.
There's a variety of reasons.
People may have just missed the first game or don't want to put the time into play it,
but want to play this one.
So it's nice that they'll have a catch up.
Here's the thing, though.
It doesn't mean it'll be a good catch up mechanic, but if they're smart, they'll put out one
of those things on YouTube that's like recapping the first Final Fantasy 7 game in seven minutes.
That's what they should do if they are, you know, wanting to make sure they get everybody
up to speed, which I mean, you could.
You could recap the key points of the game in seven minutes and be up to speed.
So we'll see.
All right.
That was Summer Game Fest.
How did you feel about it?
Did you watch the event live, Loki, or some of it?
Yes, I did.
What did you think?
Because again, I had to kind of watch the highlight reel after the fact.
I want to get your take on how was it live.
Do you think it was a worthy press event successor to some of the E3 hype?
Like, where's your head at with it?
It's about what it was last year.
It wasn't anything.
It was like, it was all right.
You know, still hoping for granted that six trailers, but that never happens.
So, you know, I'll just leave disappointed.
But no, it was OK.
Like I think they had some pretty good stuff in there.
Yeah.
I think one thing it did is it set up the holiday pretty well, you know, especially
for things that are outside of the big three, you know, outside of Sony.
And there even was stuff in a little bit from, you know, with Sony and Spider-Man and stuff.
But otherwise, for the most part, you know, the big three kind of do their own things
and what have you, it set up the holiday very well for what you would expect from E3 otherwise.
Because if you think about it, most of what you would see on the show floor at E3, especially
the things that were playable, were things that were going to be coming out that holiday.
And there's something to be said about in later years, especially how you would start
seeing later and later things getting announced.
But in the heydays of E3, it was really about what was going to be out that holiday, what
should be out on store shelves.
And I think a lot of the updates and the things that they were showing, it was setting up
the holiday very well for a plethora of third parties and all these...
I don't want to group it together under miscellaneous content because that makes it sound very like
other and unimportant, but that's really, you know, outside the big three, that's really
what it was.
So I feel like it did a very good job where E3 does not exist anymore of setting up the
holiday for everybody else.
And that's kind of what I got out of Summer Game Fest as a whole.
So could it have been better?
Maybe, but I feel like some of the big publishers want to save some of it for themselves, you
know, and that's just the reality.
There's still a lot of different press events that are showcases, people that are coming
later this month.
So, yeah, a lot of that's going to be kind of held back until those come out.
Yeah.
I would say it's...
I know we're going to talk about it later in the show, but I would say it's a far better
miscellaneous event than the PC gaming show, but we'll talk about that later.
Let's go on a heyday.
I thought this was another relatively strong announcement, was this morning's Xbox event.
Loki, I'll turn it over to you.
This one I did watch live, but I'm kind of curious on your take and walk us through some
of the things that were announced.
So they had a bunch of different trailers for different things that we were anticipating
trailers being there.
So one of those being Fable, they showed off a cinematic trailer that kind of let you know,
hey, we're still working on it.
And I liked it.
I thought it was funny.
Well, and Richard Ayode being in it is huge.
Yeah, that was fantastic.
Yeah, literally huge.
My one bitch about the Fable thing, though, was that like the gameplay, it was there,
but it was blink an eye and you'll miss it.
I'm pretty sure that whole sequence where the hero, she was running from the giant thing.
I think that was gameplay.
That was it, though.
I still don't have a sense of like, look, we haven't really had a Fable game in a really
long time, and I'm excited for playground games to kind of like get to do their take
on it in the Forza engine and everything.
So I was hoping for a little more about like, what is the game actually going to be type
of thing.
And I just feel like, OK, it's going to have the dry British sense of humor stuff.
That's fine.
Which it does.
It does.
Yeah, it was cute.
You're not losing that.
It looks like the story will be cute.
But I was just hoping for a little more of the game to excite me and keep me going after
years and years of nothing on the Fable front.
That's my only little bitch.
But I, you know, the fact that they have the star power now with Richard Aida and everything
is great.
So yeah.
Yeah.
And that is unfortunately, a lot of the trailers don't really show much as far as gameplay
goes.
Let me get some other comments from chat, sorry, over twitch.tv slash vog network.
She Hulk 10 says, well, as far as I'm concerned, this new Fable looked nothing like Fable.
The trailer is just there to say, hey, this game exists.
Trust us.
Starfield saved the show, which we'll talk a little bit about that later.
SG100Matt says, I was meh on a new Fable game, but with playground games doing it, that got
my interest.
Yeah.
The developers there, the humor is there.
The star power is there.
Is the game there?
I think it's going to be good.
I hope.
I hope.
But I, okay.
Okay.
So clearly this is not happening this year.
So you're, you're, they need a pass until holiday 2024 yet, but I hope the gameplay
trailer that inevitably comes next year is real good.
Real good.
As far as it looking like Fable, I'm okay.
If they've got a radically different direction, it has been like 10 years and it's a new studio.
So I'm, I'm okay if it, you know, they've kind of turned the car around, so to speak
and gone a different direction with it.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway.
Sorry.
I have a lot to say on Fable though.
So there was, um, a lot of these member of those games, all the different game studios
that they purchased way back.
It's been a while now.
Um, well now we're starting to see all those games that are in development.
So for example, from the devs that did We Happy Few, we had South of Midnight, which
it was kind of a cinematic trailer.
Not really sure what the gameplay is going to be there, but it looks interesting.
Kind of like this whole like Voodoo Bayou type of a vibe to it, which I like.
And then, um, we've got a little peek at Star Wars Outlaws, which is an Ubisoft Star Wars
game.
And they're going to be showing more of that at the Ubisoft showcase, uh, which is coming
out later this month.
That looked interesting, but again, it was a case of too much trailer and not enough
game.
But if you're a Star Wars fan, you were horny for it.
I'm sure you were.
It looked really, really, really good just from like a Star Wars lore perspective.
So yeah, and it's at least, at least it's coupled with this thing is coming in like
a day or two.
So like Ubisoft's going to show the gameplay.
It's just, we have to wait just a couple more days.
So kind of those two things together, I'm a lot more okay with what they did.
Yeah.
From, um, the devs of Spiritfarer, we had a game called 33, uh, what was it?
Uh, 33 Immortals, I think.
Yeah.
Hades inspired games now it looks like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like multiplayer.
It's a 33 player co-op game.
I mean, that sounds cool.
Honestly like Hades 99 or whatever.
I'm here for it.
Like that could be really fun actually.
So um, yeah, neat.
Yeah.
That looked pretty cool.
Uh, Payday three as announced there is it's coming on game pass as well and it looks like
payday.
So, okay.
Okay.
Um, can I be honest?
Loki?
Look, I know you like the payday games.
I, I'm not really a fan of the payday game.
I'm sorry.
I just have to be honest.
The parts in game of payday did not look current gen to me and it didn't, it did not look,
it looked very plain.
It just, it is not exciting.
It was not exciting, but maybe these are because I don't get into these kinds of games usually
admittedly, but I just, this trailer like made me go this, I'm supposed to get excited
about this cause I, I didn't at all.
Like it just, it was, it was almost kind of bad.
I'm sorry.
I feel, I always feel bad when I shit on games before I've played them, but like I was not
excited about what I saw at all.
Um, let's see what else.
We had a persona three reloaded.
So our persona three reload, which is going to be coming to game pass as well.
Uh, so that's like pretty neat.
Did you hear about everything persona three doesn't have in it though?
It has like none of the extra content and they replaced all of the voice actors.
All of the voice actors are new.
Well here's the weird thing.
Like for the most part, yes, I would agree, but I feel like the whole thing was done to
get rid of one voice actor in particular whose name is Vic McGoon.
Yeah.
So I have a feeling, unfortunately, contraction on stuff in order to get the association with
that guy gone, they had to replace everybody.
And so it makes that whole thing very complicated.
Uh, so yeah, uh, we got the, uh, Skyrim looking game from Obsidian avowed, uh, trailer for
that.
That looks pretty awesome.
It's, it's going to be, it's going to, you know, scratch my elder scrolls itch until
there's drill six comes out.
Well, I guess Starfield do that too, but here's, here's, here's the thing about avowed and
a lot of games, frankly, that I saw at the Xbox event.
And I find like I'm always walking out of these Xbox events thinking this avowed was
something where I was like, okay, I don't, I'd have to see more on this.
Like in the traditional, how I evaluate game sense, I would usually go, okay, I need to
see more about this.
I need to do is deep dive to know if this is worth spending 70 bucks on.
Like I need to know more about this.
I see more game play.
I need to get maybe some sense from some critics I trust or some friends, like if this is going
to be worth 70 bucks.
But the thing about the Xbox events, I get to measure it to different criteria because
I go, oh cool, this is on game pass.
This just validates me hanging onto my subscription and yeah, hell yeah, I'm going to download
this day one and check it out.
Like it really changes the criteria of how I approach a lot of games that are shown like,
and again, sorry not to be a bitch, but like payday three didn't even look like it was
worth the bandwidth.
Sorry about it.
But, but you know what?
Maybe it was for somebody else who could give two shits about avowed and that's okay.
That's the beauty about a diverse plate of games that you bring to the table at these
announcement things.
Great.
But avowed, I definitely was like, okay, cool.
That's going to be on game pass.
Fuck you.
I'll check it out.
Cool.
And I feel like as long as I'm walking away feeling like that from an Xbox thing, it's
a win.
That's true.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, there's like, like you said, there's something for everybody.
So for example, people that play payday three may not be fans of, you know, a secret of
monkey Island.
So now we have the sea of thieves teaming up with the secret of monkey Island, do some
sort of a new storyline thing that makes it sound way more interesting than the sea of
thieves.
That's for sure.
That's a huge collab.
That's a huge collab.
Is it interesting enough for me to play it?
I don't know, but it looks cool.
I love me some, you know, a secret of monkey Island.
I was getting pretty excited there.
Then I saw a sea of thieves and I got less excited, but it was still neat to see.
Well, I think again, because this is all game pass, I think one thing that Microsoft slash
rare could do that would be very smart would be to put out some type of campaign or something
or an event or do some marketing behind look, if you've missed sea of thieves all this time,
here's how to catch up and feel like you're with it to do this monkey Island stuff like
a little.
And I'm sure they've got to be thinking this in the back of their mind.
Like how do we catch people up who have never played this game, who are suddenly interested
in it because of the Lucas arts collab, I think if they can kind of bring that a little
bit more to the forefront of mind, I think that'll be a win for them.
I think they could win me over if they could convince me that I could catch up relatively
easy and be able to jump into this monkey Island stuff without feeling like I'm seven
years behind on sea of thieves.
Yeah, yeah.
Then we got a trailer for what I thought was a flight sim update originally, but then it
ends up being a whole new flight sim game.
So what's going to be unique about flight sim 2024 is now they have a bunch of different
jobs that you can do in the game.
So like if you want to try your hand at you know, aerial firefighting, you can do that
or cargo transport or rescue or, you know, all sorts of crazy stuff with that, which
was really cool because kind of taking flight sim in a completely different direction with
that stuff.
So I'm definitely interested in hearing more about that.
Yeah, I was a little surprised it wasn't an expansion.
I thought that's where it was going at first.
But then of course, again, going back to the game pass thing I just laid out, like does
it matter?
Because as long as you have game pass, you're going to get it anyway.
And I will say again, flight sim is an excellent example of a game.
I don't think I could justify dropping $70 on it because I'm terrible at flying the planes
and all that.
I need that mode where you start it and it like flies the plane for you and then you
pick it up midway through like that, because you can do that in some of the adventure modes
in the first flight sim.
So you know, I like that, but I don't know if it's worth spending $70 on, but again,
with game pass, like that flight sim is probably the, yeah, I'm going to say it's the best
looking video game out there right now, period.
Flight sim is the best looking video game out there right now.
It's just a gorgeous, gorgeous game.
And all this other stuff they're doing with it just, you know, even kicks that up more
where it's like, okay, if just flying a plane is too boring for you, then here's like 20
different jobs you could do in the game to give this a little bit more of like something
to get you from A to B, for real.
Then we had a trailer for, another trailer for Sasua Saga, Hellblade II, and they said
that it's wrapped up shooting and it's coming out next year.
So that looks interesting.
It looks good.
Okay.
I'm going to say something unpopular about this game.
It is time for this game to shit or get off the pot.
It is like, I'm sick of the teases for this game.
It has been how many years that they've been teasing this game.
It's and I realize a good game takes time.
I get, but we're getting to that like no man's sky pre-hype, what was the other game
they drug out for years and years and years, Cyberpunk, that great example, exactly the
worry I'm starting to have for this game.
There is such a thing as too much hype and this game is getting dangerously close.
The most exciting thing about that entire trailer was a release date for next year.
And they, I swear to God, they better not delay it because I cannot take one more year
of this game being teased.
I'm sure it will be great.
Look again, I'm not trying to shit on the game.
I'm just saying how much hype is too much hype.
We literally have some groundbreaking new trailer for this game every single year and
I'm ready for something different.
That's all.
Yeah.
Oh, Death's Draining would have been another one that did that too.
Oh, good.
Good example.
Yeah.
I mean, and again, none of those games are, well, maybe Cyberpunk, but now it's in a better
state than it was maybe in the beginning.
But you know, Death's Draining wasn't particularly bad.
No man's sky, again, now it's great, you know, the beginning, you know, again, I'm not trying
to crap on the quality of the game.
I'm just saying there is such a thing as too much hype and a point where I'm like, I'm
sick of hearing about it.
And this game is getting there.
It's like on the line.
So let's see.
We also had a trailer for Like a Dragon 8 called Infinite Wealth and it was silly.
It's definitely felt like a like a dragon game.
It felt like that fucking scene from Austin Powers with all the, yes, that was, that was
objects discreetly covering.
But you know what?
I'm, I'm going to say this, I'm going to say this.
I will give kudos to Sega and Microsoft for daring to show Ichiban's ass.
I will.
You know what?
I will.
Because how many times do we get to see, you know, cleavage, lady, lady butts and all these?
I will, I will give props and on Pride Month nonetheless, I will give Microsoft and Sega
their due props for not being afraid to show a butt.
It's just a butt.
Everybody's going to be talking about it for the next week.
But you know what?
Y'all, it's, it's, it's, it's just a butt.
Yeah.
We have another update coming to Fallout 76.
They're adding Atlantic City.
Cool.
I'm still not interested in Fallout 76.
I hear it is better than it used to be, but too little too late.
Wait, wait, wait.
You went by like a dragon too fast because I just wanted to say this, there's been a
lot of confusion, but this is officially Yakuza 8 basically, which is now like a dragon
is now the main series.
This is like a dragon 8 and it is kind of exciting that it is in the, like it's very
clearly and literally fish out of water situation, but it sounds like he's going to be in America.
I mean, it looked very Santa Monica to me.
I mean, some people were saying it was Hawaii maybe, but I thought maybe the abundance of
blonde hair, blue eye folks in the scene was supposed to point to like a Santa Monica type
of thing.
So, but I like the idea of a Yakuza game taking place in America, or at least in part.
It doesn't mean the whole thing's there because, you know, and like a dragon, you started in
one place, but didn't stay there.
Spoiler alert.
But again, if even I know that after all this time, you can have that ruined for you.
It's not, it's just the prologue anyway.
But I think it'll be interesting to see how that goes into America.
But yes, I need to see, I need to see that Yakuza like a dragon.
I'm sorry.
I have, so Orange Right has brought up a clip from the Game Awards 2022 and I have a feeling
I know what I said in this clip.
I'm sorry.
You guys aren't going to be able to hear this, but I think I know what I said in this clip
and it sounds like, it sounds like again, Rob Stardamus might've come true.
I apologize to my co-host.
You're not going to be able to hear this, but I'm going to play it here on the show
here.
Oops.
I'm sorry.
Let me do this.
So this is a clip of Bobby and I doing the Game Awards in 2022.
Thank you Orange Right for digging this up.
I will never understand how these game trailers at these events can slice people in half,
chop off heads.
Okay.
It's buffering quite a bit, unfortunately.
So let me, I'm going to drop down the quality a little bit just because my poor bandwidth
is probably doing a lot right now.
I will never understand how these game trailers at these events can slice people in half,
chop off heads, but heaven forbid we see a butt.
Heaven forbid we see a butt in a trailer.
So my, my point is to folks planning for the Game Awards 2023 or 2022, excuse me, leading
into 2023, I want to see some butts.
It can happen.
And then you can slice them in half.
That lets you butt first.
Ew.
Wow.
My power.
TBH.
I mean, my ego is already getting pretty big this year, but how about that?
Somebody from Sega was fucking listening to that.
How about that?
How about that?
Vognetwork.com.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
All right.
We had a new game shown from Capcom called Path of the Goddess, which is definitely a
unique looking game.
Let's see what else.
Oh, Forza Motorsports coming out this October.
It's been a while.
Which we kind of knew it was coming, but no.
Another game that they've been hyping a little long, but at least it's this holiday finally.
And I do love Forza Horizon.
I wish I was better at the more sim game than the arcade-y game, but I understand there's
a clear difference in the franchise, and this is the one that I enjoy less.
But there are some people that enjoy them far more, and it does look beautiful, I'll
say that.
Again, I know I just said I think Flight Sim is probably the best looking video game out
there, but Forza, not bad.
Not bad by any means.
Looked very good.
Yep.
What else?
Let's see.
The Yellow Scrolls Online, they have a new expansion coming out called Necrom, which
looked interesting.
That's coming out June 20th.
So this was funny.
So I guess this is a trailer kind of a walk back a little bit of the whole Overwatch 2
PvE thing.
Oh, boy, was this a 180.
Holy smokes.
So they had a trailer for that.
That's going to be, I guess, starting, it's coming out in August now.
So that's interesting.
Well, so there's some yes ands with that is that obviously there was this full skill tree
system and all this other stuff that they were talking about with Overwatch 2 originally
that is not going to be there and that this didn't change.
And obviously they couldn't have 180'd on the content that fast, but they clearly 180'd
on the messaging.
This, by the way, is another reason why as much as I don't like big fish eating big fish
in this industry, I absolutely support the Microsoft Activision Blizzard merger is because
I feel like Microsoft fixed their fuck up with this and the PvE stuff.
I mean, this trailer that they put out was some really good saving face.
And a lot of people I know that played Overwatch responded very well to what was in that trailer.
And they did show a variety of content.
Even I was kind of like, oh, all this is going to be in the game?
Okay.
Like maybe I do need to reinstall it.
Like they even got me.
So kudos to Microsoft for helping them to 180 that messaging real quick.
But I do think, I don't think the PvE is quite as robust as people were going to be hoping
for, but it's just nice to see them acknowledge, highlight and show that there is going to
be space for PvE in Overwatch, which was a key component of that trailer.
So yeah, good for them.
Mike Defton chat says they're finally releasing Overwatch 2 and it's just J100Matt says this.
Yeah.
Again, why I think the Microsoft merger is honestly good news.
Also, I just want to backtrack and read a couple of comments on that Capcom title.
Dr. C said, disappointed that it wasn't on Amusha.
It looked like it thematically and quest buster says, I thought so too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I did kind of look that for a minute.
So.
Okay.
Persona mastery is coming November 17th.
So got a trailer for that.
Lots of like Atlas games being shown for sure because we also got metaphor re Fantasio,
which is a brand new RPG from Atlas as well.
They showed that.
I felt like there were more Japanese developed games in the showcase that we've seen in a
very long time.
Yeah.
I noticed that quite a bit without them pointing it out, which is also impressive.
I felt like there was a much more, you know, for all the lol Microsoft in Japan stuff we
usually see there really was a lot of Japanese developed stuff relatively compared to other
Xbox shows in this particular showcase without them pointing it out.
I just thought that was interesting.
Yeah.
Then we also got, was it, so they did a trailer for Starfield prior to the Starfield direct,
which was obviously the big main thing at after the event was done.
But we got a new trailer for that just sent, which is a new game, I guess, by the life
of strange developers.
And it's like a climbing game, which is it was different, but it looked interesting.
Another one, which is also kind of a crazy looking was Still Wakes the Deep, which was
like a horror game almost taking place on it, like an oil rig.
Was that the one from the Chinese room?
Yeah, it is from the Chinese room.
Okay.
Yeah.
I thought the Chinese room like literally like laid off their entire staff like four
or five years ago.
Like how are we getting something new from the Chinese room?
That's and is it, it's not even going to be the same people.
I don't know.
The Chinese room made one of my very favorite narrative games ever, which is Everybody's
Gone to the Rapture.
And that's why when I see their logo, I fucking pay attention.
But there's a part of me that's like, well, is it going to be like that?
Because like, usually that logo enough would sell me on a game knowing it was the same
creative team.
But it's like, what maybe the studio head is the same and that's it.
So I don't know how to feel about it.
I need to see a little more to see if it's a narrative heavy game or what.
Oh, and the music, wasn't it?
I could be wrong, but I want to say it was the studio head's wife that did the music
for that game.
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
So if, if that's the case for this game, like again, the music would be awesome.
So yeah, just as Joe 100 Matt says 2017, they laid off their staff.
That's what I thought because I was I remember thinking at the time, Oh, bummer.
I really liked that game.
And now we're not going to get anything else from them.
And whoops, here we are.
So interesting.
Yeah.
Um, Dungeons of Hinterberg, which was kind of an adventure games.
They did like a cel shaded sword fighting adventure game.
They have like a hoverboard type thing in there, which looked kind of cool.
I'm down for more like adventure games.
There was a big deal with Kiana Reeves coming out to talk about the Cyberpunk 2077 Phantom
Liberty trailer, which it's content coming out in September.
And of course, it also has Idris Elba in it.
And I guess you're saving the future president of something, the United States, maybe.
So that'll be pretty cool looking.
What else?
Let's see, Tower Born, which was a game by the creators of the Banner Saga look pretty
cool.
I really liked that big tower with the windmill thing on top of it.
That looked really cool, kind of stylized.
And then of course, the one they ended with reminded me the most of Bioshock Infinite,
but Clockwork Revolution.
It's a time bending steampunk RPG that certainly feels like Bioshock Infinite.
Yeah, I thought it was a Bioshock announcement at first too, but then I was like, this isn't
really like stylistic.
It looks like Infinite, but it doesn't look like it at all.
It's the developers that did Wasteland and Arcanium.
So it's, I mean, I'm down for it.
It looks cool.
And then they announced one terabyte black Xbox Series S is coming for $349 in case you
wanted an S, but you wanted more space to fit, you know, a few copies of Flight Sim
or something like that.
Yeah.
I want to correct myself minorly on one thing I brought up earlier.
So I was talking about Jessica Curry is her name, and she was the composer of Everybody's
Gone to the Rapture.
And yes, she was the wife of Dan Pinchbeck, who was part of Dear Esther.
He made that game.
And then they went on to form, I guess, the Chinese Room at that point.
But it's also important to point out she wasn't just a composer of Everybody's Gone to the
Rapture.
She was the director.
That's an important clarification.
So she had a much bigger hand in that game than just the music.
And though nothing about what's happening with her current status with the Chinese Room,
because I believe, I'm sorry, I'm trying to do some research live as we're looking at
this.
It does appear that Pinchbeck still is a creative director for the Chinese Room.
And Curry is an independent composer for the studio.
So maybe she will be doing the music.
Who knows?
Could be very interesting.
All right, anyway, more to come on that.
Yeah.
Starfield looks amazing.
I hope it doesn't.
Please don't suck.
I mean, it looks amazing, but please don't suck.
It's based off of all the stuff that they talked about.
So thousands of different planets you can go on.
It's basically like a no man's sky.
You can create your own ships, you can have crew on your ships, you can actually go inside.
I think that's a little bit different than no man's sky.
No, you know what it sounded like to me?
The original vision for Mass Effect Andromeda is what it sounded like to me.
Remember?
Because Andromeda was supposed to be like lots more planets that were supposed to have
more generated stuff with RPG elements.
And then they kind of had the Frostbite engine wouldn't let them do it basically.
So they had to change it into what it was, which they got some flack for doing.
So yeah, definitely in hearing about that, I was like, this is basically what Andromeda
was supposed to be.
This is very interesting to me.
I will say, I turned off the Starfield Direct halfway through, but not for the reason you
think.
I turned it off halfway through because I was convinced.
I was like, all right, and you all know, I don't like to overhype things.
And so halfway through, I was like, all right, I'm convinced.
It's on Game Pass anyway.
I'm downloading it.
I'll check it out.
I don't need to hear every nook and cranny about the game, you know, and why this city
is beautiful.
And they put 5,000 side quests in there and this is so expansive.
At that point, I was like, all right, I've heard enough.
I'm fine.
Like, stop.
I'm buying.
It's fine.
You're good.
So that's why I turned it off.
I just was like, hype train has pulled into the station.
We're good.
So I'll be checking that out for sure when it releases.
I'm not going to splurge the money for the five day early release because, you know,
they're trying to do extra things to lure you in addition to Game Pass and that stuff.
But nah, the Game Pass one is fine for me.
If I find it's worth spending extra money on, I'll do it outside of the game.
So yeah.
Questbuster in chat says, Starfield looks good, but I also zoned out in the middle of
the presentation because I already got what I wanted to.
I'm fine.
Thanks.
No, I don't need a membership card.
Yeah, exactly that.
As Jonathan and Matt says, you don't need to sell me on the timeshare.
I'm buying.
Yep.
Oh, Bobby Blackwolf.
Great point.
You'll be at Dragon Con during the early release days.
That's right, because it releases on September 6.
And this game is literally Club 96 because it's releasing on September 6.
So exactly.
Yeah.
I'll be at Dragon Con for early access anyway.
That's what I have to worry about with this.
So like a game like Skyrim, you can play for like thousands of hours and that's one world.
Is this just going to be the game that I end up having to play the rest of my life?
I wonder if the, I wonder if the planets are a little more confined.
Like there's artificial ways they wall them in or something that they didn't really show.
Like mountains you can't scale or something like the, you know, you, you just never have
the right equipment to do.
I don't know.
Again, I'm, you know, maybe I'm saying too much or whatever, but it just seems like maybe
there's some ways.
Or yeah, if they're just using AI to randomly generate shit all the way to, or machine learning,
whatever you want to call it, between things, then okay, so it's a bunch of nothing between
all these areas, which could end up being its own problem too.
But I, I think it'll be good enough and vast and exploring enough.
And do you want to play it the rest of your life?
Maybe.
Okay.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwell says it is procedurally generated with handcrafted elements.
So interesting.
I mean, it looks, looks interesting.
I definitely want to check it out.
I mean, yeah.
Bring it on.
I'm excited.
Again, this is one of the things where it's because it's game pass, it's like, okay, yeah,
I'll keep my game pass subscription active and I will download this on September 6th.
Done.
We're good.
I don't need to hear anymore.
So character creator looked really good too.
Yes.
Very like tons of things you can do with that.
Although our old pal Travis Donovan from a show called Understation Live that was here
on VOG for quite some time before it sunsetted, he made a very good point.
He said with everything going on, and I'm paraphrasing his tweets, I don't have it in
front of me, but he was like, with everything going on, you know, in video games and technology
these days, it is so wild that I can't just take a selfie and upload it into the character
creator and have it generate something that's basically close enough.
They have that in some games.
It's just not this one.
The Nintendo me thing did that if I remember right.
Do you think you could do that with your 3DS?
Couldn't you?
Well, yeah, yeah, you could, but like NBA 2K, I think does that.
Oh yeah, it does.
I know NBA 2K does that.
There's other games that also have those where you can map things because people put their
babies and dogs and all sorts of weird stuff.
But yeah, this, the only thing that I saw that's kind of catering to you is that they
said that the robot will say your name like they did in Fallout 4.
So cool.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't really need it to, you know, exactly look like me.
Well, Rob isn't exactly a hard name either, so maybe I need to give myself a more clever
name.
I'll name myself after one of the animals like I often do in video games.
So I'll go by Mr. Smoosh.
So the robot has to call me that or like Nostradamus or something.
See?
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else on the Xbox event?
No, I mean, that was pretty much the major announcements that they had.
How'd you feel?
I liked the Starfield controller.
I thought that looked pretty cool.
I did.
I liked that too, actually.
Yeah.
And they had headphones too.
I didn't really get a good look at the headphones.
The collector's edition watch.
That's neat.
Not going to buy it, but that's neat.
I mean, that they have a watch.
It would have been cooler if it like tied in with the game, like using like a cell phone
or something like that.
Although it says you can read your notifications and stuff on your cell phone on the watch,
which is neat.
But yeah, if it like tied into the game or something like that, it would be pretty cool.
Neat.
All right.
Overall, you feel pretty good about that?
Yeah, it was positive.
Yeah, I thought it was pretty good.
I mean, I think the best way, like, what was it, like to quote Skill Up, they said, you
know, I judge a presentation like that based off of how many games I'm excited to play.
And I think that this had a lot of games I'm excited to play in it.
So I would say it's pretty positive in my opinion.
Yeah.
I think Game Pass changes the way you evaluate a lot of stuff in that showcase.
And again, as has been the case for several years now, these showcases are wonderful advertisements
for Game Pass.
And I feel that that was pretty much the same theme this year.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
And you know, an hour into the show, let's finally talk about our gaming weeks.
Hey, we knew it would be that kind of week this week, though, with all the announcements.
Let's talk about the types of games we have been playing this week, though, while we anticipate
all this other upcoming stuff.
I need to step away real quick, but I'll start by throwing it to Jamie and ask, how was your
gaming week?
It was all right.
I played Black Knight 2000.
I'm sorry, Black Knight Sword of Rage, which we have now, and it's really awesome.
And I played some Turtles and I played some World Cup Soccer for my pinball gaming.
And then, of course, I played Dead by Daylight.
I've also played Marvel's Midnight Suns, I've played Cult of the Lamb, and I'm actually
branching out.
I'm trying to look at a couple other things that I just want to play in my downtime.
So kind of thinking about starting something new.
We'll see.
That's it.
OK.
I played Minecraft.
Surprise.
It's the same thing.
Don't play in stuff.
I've designed two of the Robot Master areas because I'm going to try to cram two in one
episode, which is ridiculous, but I've got them designed.
I've got one I've already started building.
The other one will probably finish later this week.
I'm hoping to get an episode out in the middle of the week because this is the pace I have
to keep in order to finish on time, to finish everything I wanted, because originally the
season we were planning on going to the end of the year, but then we decided to change
that now so it's not the whole year.
And so because I could have scaled down the scope of my projects, but instead I decided
to double up on how quickly I get them done.
So that's not entirely healthy, but it is what I'm doing and it is coming along.
It is pretty fun.
So lots of stuff very soon.
Lots of builds.
Very, very cool.
I've been checking in from time to time.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
And I can tell you that Dan followed you too.
Oh, thank you.
All right.
Well, then I can hop into my gaming week, which was primarily Diablo 4 because I was
talking about it a little bit last week.
I know, shock and awe.
But I've been feeling a lot better this week.
I was sick last weekend.
If you listen to last week's show, I've been feeling a lot better as the days have gone
by.
I still have a little bit of residual, but for the most part now it's Alan.
Alan finally got sick.
He finally caught whatever I had like on Wednesday.
I think what ultimately happened, I had strep throat and a sinus cold at the same time.
Like legitimately that's what happened because Alan only caught the sinus cold part.
He didn't catch the strep throat.
So interesting.
Well, strep is bacterial.
Yeah.
So he would have had, I guess.
But we knew at a certain point like not to touch each other and sleep in different beds.
So like we kind of knew early on said strep, but I think the sinus thing was harder to
prevent for whatever reason.
It doesn't necessarily help with bacteria.
That's more of a viral precaution, but yeah.
You know, you do what you can.
All right.
But anyway, point is I'm feeling a lot better and I was able to really put some hours into
Diablo 4 this week and I beat the main campaign.
Yay.
Um, and uh, I'm in the end game stuff now.
I'm only level 50.
I kind of timed it really good.
I beat the game around level 48 so I've been doing end game stuff up to level 50 and I
just before tonight's show, I beat the capstone dungeon to get me into world tier three where
some more stuff unlocks.
Um, so that's pretty cool.
I will say as far as the game itself goes in the story, I was, it's, it's great.
Like and you know, I know I've been hyping this game up a lot, but like the story was
really well done.
It has its faults.
There were a couple things about the end of the game that really annoyed the piss out
of me.
Like narrative wise.
Um, I kind of think one of the, all right, I'm gonna watch my words carefully.
Not everybody's beaten it yet, so I'm going to just, I'm going to hold my criticisms out
of respect for those that are still working their way through.
But in six weeks when season one starts, I'm not going to promise the same was straight.
So all of you into Diablo better hurry up.
Um, but um, I will say those complaints are relatively minor.
I do think the good news about the game and the story wise is that Lilith was an incredible
antagonist and I'm really pleased that they juggled new characters, obviously cause at
the time, you know, this is past, well past Diablo three, they had to incorporate a lot
of new characters with some of the classics.
But like Diablo himself is not really a main character in this game at all.
He's there, he's mentioned, he relates to Lilith, um, because you know, basically Diablo
is Lilith's uncle.
That's not a spoiler.
If you, if you read up on the game, you kind of know how Lilith relates to everything in
Diablo lore and so forth.
But, but it is very clear Diablo will play into an expansion and it is very clear there
will be story expansions and it, because to me they very clearly teased a new class in
the game.
Like there are NPC, major NPCs that are, I think a class that was in Diablo three that
is not Diablo four, uh, which will be very exciting when that shows up.
Uh, and uh, yeah, just left it very open ended, but I'm, I'm okay.
I mean, like again, I thought the six acts that they gave you were really well done story
and uh, very, uh, yeah, very comprehensive.
Uh, Questbuster says, I only just started the story a day or two in Diablo four.
I spent most of my time just exploring and building my sorceress.
The world is so huge.
I, yeah, I mean, that's how I started too, but let me give you a friendly piece of advice.
Don't overdo it with staying in one zone.
It can be a dragon age origins, hinterlands kind of thing.
You really need to force yourself to leave the zone once you unlock that second skill
point.
And my reason for that is the other stuff you unlock by doing more things in the zone
are gated behind world tier three.
So you're working like the more, the Paragon points and the obols, you can't get those
until you're in world tier three, which you can't do until you beat the game.
So look, I'm all for side questing and I'm not going to tell you not to side quest.
That would be foolish, but I will say you're, you're, you're going to be working towards
things you can't even unlock once you get that second skill point in an area.
So you get skill point potion upgrade, which is very helpful too.
And then another skill point, once you unlock that second skill point, force yourself to
move on.
You'll be doing yourself a favor.
Once you get through the main story, you get a mount towards the end of the story, which
helps greatly with the exploration.
You'll be thanking yourself.
So yeah, I know, I know it goes against everything I want to do in a game normally too, but you
really have to force yourself to move on.
So all right.
Questmaster says you can get Paragon points.
They just take a super long time because I'm still on tier two.
Yes, but you can actually get a four Paragon point bonus for getting a certain reputation
in the zone.
That's very high, but only on world tier three.
So all right, Pop Culture says I'm playing on Black Wolf mode and I'm still struggling.
Make sure you are evaluating your gear.
Don't be afraid to do some upgrades, especially on your weapon.
And remember death really doesn't have a penalty outside of durability, which is a nothing
factor anyway.
You get the gold to make up for that by killing one pack of mobs.
So take it at your own pace.
It's fine.
I beat the game on world tier one.
I didn't move to world tier two until I beat the game.
So you are, and I got to like 48 with all the side quests I did.
So don't feel like you're going to get a subpar experience just because you're not able to
go past world tier one for whatever reason.
So but yeah, Diablo four, I think it's great.
I can't wait to experience more of the end game and playing with friends too, because
I'm kind of at the point where I'm like, all right, I'm sick of doing all these dungeons
by myself.
I want to do team up and do some of this harder stuff would be a little more fun.
So hoping to do some of that in the next week.
All right.
That was my gaming week.
I mean, I played a little 14, a little dead by daylight, but let's be real.
Most of it was Diablo four.
All right.
Let's go on to some more gaming news, more expos.
But this, you know what, Loki, I felt like, I felt like this one didn't, this one didn't
deserve a headline spot tonight.
Well, it's, it's, it's, it never does.
It's the PC gaming show and it's usually pretty lame as it is.
But they tried to go the whole, and this is where like I fault them, especially because
they tried to go the Devolver digital route and they failed horribly at it.
Like it was just cringy.
The hosts were very cringy.
Please don't do that.
Just show the trailers.
That's all you got to do.
You don't even have to have the hosts.
They don't serve any purpose other than wasting everybody's time.
But there's lots of different things that they did show.
I'm going to try to go down through some of these that I recognize that look pretty cool.
So let's see, and this is based off of like when it's actually going to be released here.
So we had a vampire survivors update 1.5 is coming out actually tomorrow.
So that looked pretty cool.
Teardown is getting a creative mode, which teardown, if you're not familiar, is that
voxel kind of heist game, but now you can build with voxels and stuff and do crazy things
with them.
So that looked pretty cool.
A game called Miasma Chronicles.
That's going to be coming out on the 20th and it looked pretty sweet.
Parked Beyond, that Bandai Namco game, it's a park sim that's going to be coming out here
this week.
What other cool things, 3DXX.
I get it.
3DXX is supposed to be kind of like a Mega Man game, but those those main characters
are like goddamn like wish.com Mega Man.
I mean, like it's it's a little too close for my comfort, to be honest.
I didn't.
Is this a sequel to 20 XCX?
I think it is.
Yes.
So that's coming out in August 9th.
Path of Exile 2, the showcase July 28th for that.
There's a lot of what was the other one here that in vector rhythm galaxy, I think would
be one you want to check out a new rhythm game that's coming out July 14th.
That's the Avicii one.
But now with.
Yes.
Yeah.
With just a rotation of electro songs at this point.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That Avicii game was pretty good, actually.
It was a good tribute.
Yeah.
We had a Frostpunk 2 announced, so it's coming out next year.
Parcel Court looked pretty sweet.
It's a you're a bike courier and it's like lots of like jumping off walls and stuff like
that, which is cool.
Mullet Magic, which is a 90s anime like roguelike game that's kind of a one of those retro FPS
games done like the style of Duke Nukem or something like that, that's going to be coming
out at some point.
It looked pretty sweet.
XO one, the developers that made that kind of I don't know what you kind of call it.
It's more of like a planetary exploration, kind of like a it's not an action game, but
it's like a you traverse like different planet landscapes and now they have XO Rally Championship
where you're in this kind of buggy that you have to control kind of through those same
type of landscapes, but looks a little bit more challenging.
So that's something that got announced as well.
There was one that I saw that looked just like Animal Crossing Critter Cove was an Animal
Crossing type game that's going to be coming out here at some point.
Mariachi Legends looked pretty sweet.
It's kind of a almost like Spanish mythos like Metroidvania type game.
So that looked pretty cool.
Stampede Racing Royale is the horrible amalgamation of a battle royale game and Mario Kart, and
it looked like too many players on like a track at the same time, but it's your usual
like kart game.
The Invincible looked pretty cool.
I'm trying to see what else.
Lords of the Fallen, I think, is being remade.
Oh, yeah, somebody somebody showed me a clip of that.
Yeah, they are.
It's like a it's not really a remake, but it's like a re reinterpretation or something.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, I don't even know if I called it that, but yeah.
Sand, which is a kind of like a steampunk game set in deserts, looked pretty cool.
They they they teased it before the like event, they're like, the full trailer is coming during
this.
They kept it to the end and the trailer was just like 30 seconds of like a cinematic.
It showed nothing of what the game is about, and it's it just sucked the whole the whole
thing sucks.
Okay.
Like the games are cool.
Yeah.
That's like some games.
Yeah, the games are awesome.
But like, oh, another one, Dwarf is another game that they showed that reminded me of
old school Command and Conquer, which I am totally down for.
So that looked cool.
And then the most random thing ever, another Castlevania or Metroidvania style game starring
Ebenezer Scrooge and Ebenezer and the Invisible World.
Okay, sure.
This is what happens when classics go into the public domain.
Sure.
Why not?
I mean, every let everybody have a Metroidvania game.
That's fine.
Yeah.
But yeah, lots.
You know what, though, I it's it's quirky enough to sound actually kind of interesting,
to be honest.
Yeah, it's all right.
They showed off a lot of different trailers for like, Hello Neighbor, there's so many
Hello Neighbors spin offs now, like I can't keep track of all of them.
I know one of them was like Hello Engineer.
And then they have like, I don't even know they have like several Hello Neighbor games.
Oh, and then another one that I remembered was My Friendly Neighborhood, which is, you
know, you've got your FNAF, which is a take on, you know, of course, Chuck E. Cheese and
stuff like that, you know, Showtime Pizza.
Well, now you have your, well, let's make a FNAF type game, but it's with Sesame Street.
And so that's what My Friendly Neighborhood is.
You're fighting off Muppets.
Oh, no.
Are Bert and Ernie in it?
Uh, they're, you know, legally distinct Bert and Ernie are in it.
Okay, okay.
Kurt and Mernie.
Kurt and, yeah.
All right.
So it sounds like the PC gaming show just maybe needs to reevaluate the presentation
because the game trailers themselves are fine.
It's just the presentation of it all is like, they need to do better.
I noticed they were partnering with Heka streamers, trying to get the streamers to like co-stream
and kind of build the hype that way because I have some influencer friends and like all
of them were mysteriously hyping up the PC gaming show.
And I was like, y'all don't usually get excited about this kind of stuff.
Like I know what's going on.
Yeah, it's just, it was just cringe.
Like the presenters were cringe, the trailers were good.
The presenters were cringe.
Just tone it down.
Like you're not going to be as funny as Devolver Digital.
Get that out of your head.
You're just not going to, it's not going to happen.
All right.
We'll talk about Devolver Digital a little later in the show, but first we have some
more stories that don't involve showcases that are going on this week, but we have this
to talk about.
Oh boy.
All right.
Get your popcorn because I got something to say about this.
So Activision has removed a Call of Duty skin from sale.
This skin was for a streamer community.
The streamer's name is Nickmercs.
I had not heard of this guy until this story came out, although apparently I'd already
blocked him on Twitter at some point, so this is clearly not the first thing he's done that
made me make a face.
What is it that he did?
He made a comment on social media in response to a video that was shared by an esports caster,
Chris Puckett, and they were in the video.
Some pro-LGBTQIA plus demonstrators were being attacked outside of a school in California,
and in the caption, Chris Puckett said, Americans are in a sad place right now.
Let people love who they love and live your own life.
I'm sorry, I'm getting angry just even having to read this.
In a reply, Nickmercs said, they should leave little children alone.
That's the real issue.
And, of course, people went off on Twitter, as you might expect.
Even the esports caster that wrote the original tweet put, who is they and what terrible act
is everyone afraid of?
I think, Hope, the goal of most of them is to reduce child suicides.
This is done through acceptance and removing the stigma of feeling being different.
As a dad, I'm struggling to see the harm.
Gay doesn't equal pedo.
Great response by Chris Puckett.
Thank you very much.
You do not make me angry.
Then Nickmercs goes on to stream and doesn't apologize for the tweet, but also denies having
anti-LGBT beliefs.
I'm not going to play the clip because I'm not going to amplify this guy's views, because
as far as I'm concerned, that little fucky comment stands for itself.
Not during Pride Month, you son of a bitch.
You are not going to make these types of fucking comments during Pride Month.
Thank God you lost your sponsorship, because some people don't deserve to be famous.
The Kardashians deserve more fame than you do after a comment like that.
During Pride Month, I am sick and fucking tired of this gay equals pedophilia connotation.
I'll tell you who's molesting kids, and it's not drag queens.
You can finish the rest of that sentence.
You want to go look on social media and the facts for yourself.
It's not drag queens doing it.
You can figure out the other half of that.
I don't need to spell it out for you.
But I'm-
Yeah, they have that whole subreddit called Not a Drag Queen that-
I am sick and tired of this.
Alan, my husband and I just want to live our fucking lives with our cats and go to Target.
That is all we want.
Not any of this shit about they should leave little children alone.
Spoiler alert, I don't even really like kids.
We don't plan on having our own.
Now before my friends with children get offended, obviously, I like my friends' kids in small
doses.
Loki, your children are fine.
But you know what the great thing about your kids-
It's fine.
I like my kids in small doses too.
That's everybody's kids.
Here's the great thing-
It was like I would say when I was babysitting Julian, I can give him back what I've done.
That is it.
That is it.
That is the lovely thing.
That is it.
At some point there comes a day with, okay, this visit was lovely and now I'm going to
leave.
La la la la la.
That is the best part.
That's the best part.
Now you get to take them.
But this fucking viewpoint enrages me.
This is not 2023 stuff.
This alone should be enough to get a rat out of me.
But you know what's happening now?
It's going one step further.
Now all the pinheads are coming out and supporting this guy.
Like Tim the Tap Man.
Tim the Tap Man.
I swear to God, I read Tim the Tam Tams when I read that at first, who apparently is also
a Call of Duty high profile streamer, 5 million YouTube subscribers and a billion views.
Called on-
Oh, don't we just have Tim Tams instead?
How about it?
Called on Activision to remove his bundle in support of my friend.
Nick Merks has been my friend for years.
We went in getting our Call of Duty operations together.
It feels wrong for me to have mine and him no longer have his.
In support of my friend, please remove the Tim the Tap Man bundle at Call of Duty.
And then that 40 year old man who dresses up in a wig on stream that Dr. Disrespect
gets on there and dares to go say things like, I'm going to uninstall Call of Duty
on stream.
Excuse me.
Who was-
Let's see.
Again.
What was-
I'm sorry.
What was the tweet that pissed me off?
Nick Merks said they should leave little children alone.
What-
Remind me.
Why was Dr. Disrespect banned from Twitch?
He's also banned from YouTube, I think.
Oh yeah.
He took a camera into a bathroom where underage people were at E3.
You dumb fucks are just showing your entire asses and not in the cool Ichiban kind of
way.
You are just showing why you deserve to have no followers.
So as far as I'm concerned, you all can fuck off into the sun.
And I hope Activision tells you as much.
And to be honest, I have never wanted to play Call of Duty more in my life.
You need to give the props where props are due.
I understand.
We've given Activision a lot of shit on this show over the years and rightfully so.
Their CEO is still a master cock monger idiot.
I cannot stand him.
However, when it's right, it's right.
And I will say good job Activision for what you're doing on this and props to you.
And honestly, I want to play Call of Duty to support what you're doing.
I do.
I never thought those words would leave my mouth.
But thank you for standing by and say that this language isn't fucking okay.
And yeah, if this is the kind of shit that's going to leave your mouth, you deserve to
be deplatformed.
I don't have a Call of Duty skin on the store.
I'm not entitled to it.
Neither are you.
So if you're going to conduct yourself like a massive twat, then good riddance.
Maybe you can start a GoFundMe or something and a bunch of dumb fucks can pay your bills
or something.
All your scummy little fans that are standing by you through all this.
Anyway, Djurama S points out that wasn't why he was removed from Twitch, but it should
have been.
Yeah, probably.
I'm pretty sure he got a temp ban for that.
It was all those temp bans that added up.
But we're...he's...that guy...
Anyway, and if you're following these people, I really need you to evaluate.
Because honestly, again, I want to make this very clear.
They should leave little children alone.
That's the real issue.
Who is they?
LGBT folks?
Because that's me.
That's Dark Sakura.
That's a lot of people in our audience that listen to this show.
You're okay with somebody saying that, insinuating, allowing that conclusion that we want to whatever
with kids?
You're okay with that?
Fuck out of here.
I think I threw up in my mouth a little.
I did too.
And this is...it's the whole thing is, again, if y'all are going to say, stop making stupid
people famous when talking about the Kardashians, then you need to mean it here too.
Stop making these dumb fucks famous.
I was so happy.
I mean, I'd heard of Dr. Disrespect, but only because of the other dumb things he's done
over the years.
But I hadn't heard of the Tam Tam guy or this other guy who I apparently had blocked already
on Twitter, probably over something else moronic that he'd said at some point.
Not in my gaming community.
Get the fuck out.
I'm glad Activision showed him the door.
Anyway, I don't know what better transition...
One thing they did right?
Yeah, no, we have to give credit where credit is due.
There are a lot of problems at Activision, 100%.
This was the right decision.
This shows a culture of trying to change and do the right thing.
This is movement in the right direction, and it must be called out and it must be backed
up and applauded.
Anyway, I don't know how else to follow up this story, but I think a serial killer story
sounds pretty good.
So Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Well, actually, my thing is starting off on the music composer.
Oh, sure.
How many of y'all listening are familiar with Harry Manfredini?
I bet if I played the song, you'd know.
Well, we can play it if we won't get, you know...
I shouldn't risk it, but you can hum it.
All right.
Well, no, just think kill, kill, kill, die, die, die.
Anyway.
There you go.
So anyway, so Harry Manfredini is the composer for all the music in the Friday 13th series
and the games.
And now the game itself, the game that's been out right now, their publisher, Gun Media,
announced that their license for Friday the 13th is going to expire and the game won't
be for sale after this year.
So moving on, while that's been...
On one hand, there's already so many other things going like a Peacock TV series, but
another video game is in the works.
And it was Manfredini who broke it by saying that he was doing the music for it.
There was a Crystal Lake reunion event that was in New Jersey and he said that he was
working on music for another game that has yet to be officially announced and he can't
really say much about it.
I think he kind of let that going a bit more.
But he did say the new game will feature more realistic looking characters and have different
gameplay as compared to the previous asymmetrical experience.
So there is a lot more projects involved in the whole Return to Crystal Lake series that's
going to be on...
Sorry, Crystal Lake series that's going to be on Peacock.
But they're apparently going to have a lot more and it looks like the video game doesn't
have a release date clearly because all we had was this tease and the TV show doesn't
have a release date yet.
So we'll have to keep our eyes on it.
Well, and now they have to let the old game sunset.
I don't know if you heard that this week, but the current asymmetrical game...
That's what I said at the beginning of the article.
Yeah, it's going to go, phew.
But it is interesting because this all lends itself to...
I think a lot of people jump to the conclusion that, oh, Jason's going to be in Dead by Daylight
because the original asymmetrical game is sunsetting, but not so fast.
Well, I mean, why not both anyway?
I mean...
It could.
We could text Chainsaw Massacre.
We have Bubba.
Yeah.
Could happen.
Although I really wish Bubba had gone because I hate him and I'm going to hate having to
adapt him.
I have to think of how to make a non-threatening looking Bubba so that people just feel sorry
for me.
He has that purple suit thing that's a little silly.
I haven't wear the suit in the Lunch Lady wig.
There you go.
Yeah.
But, um, yeah.
So I'm, I liked the Friday the 13th game.
I think it's a shame what happened with all the legal fuckery with that game, because
that game kind of deserved a better ending than it got.
And I see in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, SheHulk10 says, good night to
the last Friday the 13th game.
It is awesome and should make us nervous about what we own digitally.
It'll be unplayable December 31st, 2024.
Yeah.
Kind of sucks that the servers are going to be kaput.
But until then, you know, it was a great game for what it was.
It's a bummer that the legal issues just caused it to grind to a halt.
Speaking of scary games sunsetting on a tangent, I'm sure you heard about this Dark Sakura
Video Horse Society or VHS also announced this week.
It will be leaving as of, I think, October, September, October.
I didn't hear about that.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
VHS is done.
It didn't do well?
Yeah.
And they did not have the player base basically to substantiate, which is interesting.
That game had so much hype and then they pulled it offline.
It was the exact same thing that happened to Hive social app.
Everybody jumped on it for a couple of weeks and then they pulled it offline for like months
and nobody went back.
Well, I shouldn't say nobody, but not enough people went back that were there the first
time.
They just put out a whole bunch of new content and you know, a lot of people loved it.
So I'll be honest, I hated the forced voice chat, I mean, but I mean, that's sad.
Yeah.
So that's another horror, asymmetrical horror game that's biting the dust.
Rest of Pepperoni.
Yeah.
RIP MPs.
I think you can still play it like, and they gave out a code to give you a ton of the cosmetics
and stuff, but yeah, it's, it's unfortunate.
All right.
Are they doing a full server shutdown or?
Yeah.
Full.
You won't be able to play it after a certain day.
So.
Well, then you know that there's going to be private servers popping up.
I'm sure they'll figure something out.
Yeah.
All right.
Loki, I promised earlier we could talk a little more about this.
You love this company, right?
Yeah.
Devolver Digital.
They had their digital showcase, didn't show off a ton of games, but they had four games
that they showed off and they were all pretty good looking.
So we had Wizard with a Gun, which is an isometric survival game that's themed around fantasy
with the Western.
And there's also, you build, you know, construct buildings and collect resources to survive
in the game.
So that's pretty sweet.
It's supposed to be coming out sometime this year.
The Talos Principle 2 looks incredible.
I haven't played the first one, but I really wanted to play the first one.
It's a great first person puzzler, and that's supposed to be coming out here also this year
as well.
Human Fall Flat 2.
Pretty cool looking.
It's a third person puzzler game.
And then my favorite, Baby Steps.
Baby Steps is what they call a literal walking simulator.
This is by Bennett Foddy.
You may remember them from Getting Over It, a very frustrating game, also a game that
they made a while back called QWOP.
And well, it is sort of the most annoying fucking game you'll ever play in your life.
Imagine a 3D version of QWOP, but it's also an RPG, and that's what you got.
And it looks ridiculous.
And I love it.
And that'll be coming out sometime next year.
That's it.
All right.
Sounds like fun.
All right.
Moving on to a story that's kind of developing as we went into OLR tonight.
I just kind of put a placeholder here because I knew that Square Enix was going live at
4 o'clock to do a deeper dive into Final Fantasy 16 and make some big announcements, including
a demo was expected to come out of this event.
And it did.
They did announce that a demo of Final Fantasy 16 will be released tomorrow on PlayStation
5.
If you want to get real exact, 1 o'clock Pacific, 4 a.m. Eastern this morning is when
that'll go live.
And this is, they're saying a two hour basically prologue.
And then once you beat it, you get like a battle demo that unlocks.
So I'm guessing the prologue probably doesn't maybe have a ton of gameplay in it.
It might be a lot of cut scenes to set you up for it, I would imagine.
But the save data can carry over into the main game.
So essentially you can start playing Final Fantasy 16 tomorrow, but just the first couple
hours.
So I'm very excited about that as somebody who's excited about 16.
Also, you know, they obviously did some, you know, other announcements about the game.
Some very interesting collaborators on this game.
It was announced also the Kingdom Hearts development team helped to develop Final Fantasy 16.
And Platinum Games helped to develop a part of Final Fantasy 16.
What the fuck is going on with all these teams lending a hand to Final Fantasy 16?
I think I know what it is.
Any cooks in the kitchen?
No, I think I know what it is.
Because they talked about this.
They said the icon battles in the game in an earlier direct, they said the icon battles
would all be very different and unique and take inspiration from other types of games.
So I have a feeling Platinum Games probably did one of the icon battles.
Kingdom Hearts team probably did one of the icon battles.
And that's why it's a part of the game.
But that's still pretty neat because that shows that there really is going to be some
variety with the game and some of these battles.
So I'm very excited to see kind of the credits are going to be like three hours long just
to watch the credits are going to be as long as this prologue playable demo.
But sounds like it'll be very interesting.
So that is out again tonight.
Also going with that, there's some merch.
If you want to get yourself a Torgal little plushie, that's right, the little dog that
you can have in the game that you can pet apparently is going to be a plushie.
You can get one for either $39.99 or $120.
I'm going to guess one is probably four times bigger than the other as far as the plush
sizes.
I haven't been able to research all the details on that yet.
They're also putting up a little moogle, some jewelry, and they put out a brand new trailer
that I haven't watched yet, but it's called the Ascension trailer.
So the hype is building up for that game, which releases in 11 days.
So busy summer.
All right, moving on.
More game announcements, Dark Sakura.
Well, oh, sorry, I had accidentally closed it.
Anyway, we love Kojima, don't we?
Do we?
No, we do.
We do.
But at any rate, me as a Mac gamer, I am super, super happy for this, is that the Death Stranding
director's cut will be on Mac.
I'm so happy.
I mean, I was already down to play it, but now I actually will get to play it natively
on my Mac.
And he's also committed to bringing other future games out on Mac, you know, good triple
A titles.
And I'm feeling pretty happy about that.
Capcom's already on the ball too, with them having released Resident Evil Village on Mac.
So we're seeing some good stuff, very happy.
There was a quick little footnote out of Worldwide Developers Conference 2.
It's really a much bigger deal than I think they made it out to be.
It was kind of announced as an asterisk, and this is actually a huge deal.
And I'm sorry, I don't know all the details, because again, I'm not a Mac gamer.
But my understanding is they released some type of driver, basically, that's supposed
to make DirectX stuff, I think that's what it is, a lot easier to kind of run natively
on Mac.
So long story short, they kind of slipped in updates to game drivers that actually are
going to make PC games more likely to run natively on a Mac, basically.
So this may not be the last that we see something poured over, which would make Whoopi Goldberg
very happy because she's pissed off Diablo 4 isn't on Mac, because Blizzard usually puts
their stuff out on Mac, but they didn't put this one out.
So maybe this will be the juice that Blizzard needs.
I don't know.
So how about that headset for $3,500?
There's a reason I didn't talk about it tonight.
I don't see it as a gaming device.
Not yet.
Anyway.
I mean, it was...
If I may.
Sure.
It's a virtual computer environment.
And it was...
It is a computer, but you are using screens and keyboard and everything in a tailored
virtual environment.
And it's the developers conference, like the first iPhone was a little like it took a while
for that to catch on to like, I kind of feel like this is one of those things was like,
this device isn't for me, but it's for the people that are going to create the big ideas
for this environment.
And you know, let's see what this looks like five years down the line.
I'm really thinking of its potential with accessibility.
So I'm pretty...
I know I can't afford one, but I'm pretty excited to see where computing goes in the
next 10 years.
I mean, I understand why they called it what they did, because they can say they invented
it.
And to be honest, like it's a mixed messaging anyways, because if it's supposed to be like
a con for corporations to replace their computers or something like that, but then they're also
saying, but you can experience all this stuff with Disney Plus and stuff like that.
So it's very mixed messaging what they're trying to do with it.
But yeah, the tech's cool.
And hopefully it drives other people to make tech just as well.
So if nothing else, Apple has extended the life of AR VR with this, you know, like, I
think that this is going to be a part of the conversation for a much longer time.
I think people like Zuckerberg, who kind of is dismissive of this, because he has to be,
you know, it's essentially competition to the meta quest, but secretly, he ought to
be thanking them for keeping this at the forefront of people's mind and all this stuff.
It's going to cause VR and AR to have more to go with.
Because honestly, a lot of what they were talking about sounds similar to like the Hololens
thing that I tried that Bobby had like years ago.
But it's just the technology is much more refined five years down the line, and it's
just going to get more and more refined five years from now.
So I got excited watching people using the software that I use for a lot of my video
editing and my audio editing, I thought it was pretty neat.
Yeah.
And you make a good point.
It could do some very interesting things for accessibility, which, you know, to be fair,
let's talk about Microsoft and connect, even though it didn't, you know, it was a flash
in the pan for gaming, we'll say, connect still did a lot for accessibility and its
usage in, you know, sterile environments as well and what it can do.
And so it'll be interesting to see kind of what this brings to the table for unique environments
and things like that.
But I just think like, it's just not part of the conversation right now as a mass consumer
device.
This is a peek at the future.
If they ever decide to drop it down like to, you know, $200 someday.
I'd say a thousand, drop it down to a thousand, I'm interested.
There's no possible way that's going to be anything less than even $1,500 on resell or
anything like that.
I'm talking like far in the future.
I mean, like, what happens, what happens every time Apple announces something, the phone,
the watch, that all the other people are going to come out of the woodwork, the Samsungs,
they're all going to come out of the woodwork and come out with their cheaper responses.
And some people love that stuff.
Some people don't.
You get the choice as a consumer.
So there's just, this is just going to open the door again.
The life of ARVR has been given a new, this is a time extent on VR AR and will allow this
whole thing to catch on more.
Just saying you can finally realize what Pokemon Go should have been or make Ingress even that
much better.
Can we talk about what Ingress just implemented?
Because it's garbage, garbage.
It's overclock hacking, but it's fine.
It's a point to using the scans, the Pokestop scans and all this stuff.
Because all the scans are so terrible, it doesn't work.
Like I'll tap the ground to put the cube on the ground to try to hack it.
And the cube flies up in the tree because it thinks the tree is the ground.
Because it's, anyway, I digress, but that is not the future of AR, that's for sure.
I had been thinking about this, something I was talking to another friend about is,
and this actually goes back to a documentary I was watching about some surgeons using Bluetooth
to connect a, well, a former quadriplegic, he's now just missing the use of his legs,
but he was fully paralyzed before, and they're using Bluetooth to connect segments of his
upper spinal cord with the lower end to send the signals from the brain using Bluetooth
to the lower extremities.
And he has to use a pretty hefty brace for it, but he's been able, and the equipment
is still pretty hardcore right now, but he was able to walk up a flight of steps by himself
using Bluetooth.
And if you think about implementing technology like that with a computer like this, someone
can actually do any kind of work that someone with full use of their body would be able
to do.
And I think that just looking at how these technologies can overlap, because, I mean,
and again, this is not a VR headset, this is a whole computer.
And I think that it would be just really awesome to have those sorts of things out
in the medical community so that it can go to benefit people who might need the extra
assistance.
I mean, there is so much happening right now just in the field of bionics and cybernetics
that I'm impressed, I really am.
Not the AI stuff, not so much.
You have to have a degree of machine learning to advance it.
Technology is so fucking rad.
I just think of as a diabetic and watching some of the things that my grandma, when she
had it, having to monitor her blood sugar so many times a day, but now I see people
that are type 1 di...
I'm not type 1, so I still have some insulin, I just have to watch what I eat basically.
But I look at type 1 diabetic friends and now with the help of constant glucose monitors
as well as insulin pumps and phones that kind of bridge between them, you basically have
a robotic pancreas is basically what it is now.
But technology allows that without you having to draw your blood a million times a day because
you have the CGM that does that and then the insulin pump that says, oh, the blood sugar
is a certain level, we're going to just automatically get the insulin going and all that stuff.
It's amazing.
And to tie it back to Apple or whoever doing these types of technologies, it's a pretty
not well kept secret that a space that Apple wants to get into with the Apple Watch is
blood-free glucose monitoring.
And it's a technology that they're working on, they're not there yet, but when they get
there, that Apple Watch, let's be real, eventually the technology will get swiped by other companies
too.
But when Apple does it, that Apple Watch will be transformative.
As a diabetic, I can't think of something I want more than something that monitors my
blood sugar like that, as long as it's accurate, but they're not going to release something
like that until they have approval from the FDA, just like the electrocardiogram thing.
Exactly.
And that electrocardiogram in the fall detection has actually saved lives of people that I
know.
So I'm just going to go out there and say that I'm absolutely in awe.
Technology is fucking rad.
I love living in the future.
And the thing is, is that we grew up as this technology grew up.
We've been moving.
See, people are saying that, oh, it's, you know, millennials, blah, blah, blah.
This is going to be the ones, you know, who are keeping the tech industry, you know, the
innovations in tech going, but like, no, it's actually us who grew up with it.
We've seen where it's been firsthand and we know where it can go firsthand.
So yeah, you know, I mean, I'm not, I'm not just
counting any other, I hate the whole generational argument, but I am just thinking that we in
particular are in this place where we remember going out to play outside and having pixel
graphics and computers with cassette tapes.
But we also appreciate, you know, our high end systems and our Mac books and, you know,
being able to go on a virtual walk and everything.
So.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Let's talk about, let's talk about something else that might need to grow up a little bit
in our next story.
Yeah.
So there was the whole, I guess it was a blog post that was put out by Twitch talking about
changes to their ad policy, basically that they wouldn't allow burned in ads to display,
you know, video or audio ads and that type of stuff.
And then everybody was pissed off about it.
So then they said, no, no, no, no, no, you have misinterpreted or then they walked it
back even further saying today's branded content policy update was overly broad and it's create
confusion and frustration.
And we apologize for that.
And then I want to say that they added something to that, like that it was just, yeah, we,
we do not intend to limit streamer's ability to enter into direct relationships with sponsors.
And we understand that this is an important part of how streamers earn revenue.
We want to clarify our existing ad policy was intended to prohibit third party ad networks
from selling burned in video and display ads on Twitch, which is consistent with other
services.
We missed the mark with our policy language and we'll rewrite the guidelines to be clear.
It's almost as if you consulted with your partners and or affiliates before making these
announcements, they might tell you some of this feedback.
Yeah.
And then it's still in their policy though, that saying that you can't do the burn in
ads either, but it'll be interesting to see how they enforce it because YouTube has a
similar type of thing, but they don't care.
They just allow that to happen for the most part.
I think it's when they were talking about like major players, like just selling ads.
So imagine if you will, like a stream labs or something like that selling that ad space
or something like that.
To be fair to Twitch.
I understand why they want to be the ones selling ads.
Like I get that to an extent, like they don't want, and I think when they clarified the
language is that it's an ad network.
They don't want a competing, like whoever selling, you know, ads and so forth.
But obviously, you know, you look at a summer games done quick, a nonprofit that's bolstered
up by having ads and sponsorship on their stream to be able to help fundraise over that.
I don't think that's ever what Twitch intended to target, but unfortunately, because they
didn't talk to enough people, they inadvertently did, and that's why they had to correct course
real quick.
As Bobby points out in chat, they made graphics for it.
It was not broad or misinterpreted.
Yeah.
Like this was very well thought out on their end.
And as he points out, to a point, they snuck in the no simulcasting to their terms of
service as well.
Whereas that used to be an affiliate partner contract thing.
Now it's blanketed to everybody to which a lot of streamers are like, listen, you know,
I can either stream to like these eight platforms or just Twitch.
What do you think I'm going to do?
I mean, obviously, I'm just going to stream to those other platforms and not Twitch.
I personally think I see and I've been to many discussions on this topic over the years
and I have yet to be won over that splitting yourself in eight different directions is
a good idea.
Like you have to focus on one place first.
But that's, you know, some people disagree with me fundamentally, and that's fine.
I do what I need to do with my brand, y'all do what you need to do with your brands.
And that's the beauty of an open market in this space.
So I just don't think it's a smart idea to simulcast to that many places anyway, because
you can't, you can't monitor that many chat rooms at once by yourself.
You can't monitor socials in that many places at once.
So I don't know.
But anyway, let's see other comments in chat.
S.G.O.
Hunter Matt says, I find it funny that Twitch made a massive deal with the WWE this week
for simulcast type shows and shows with superstars, which would have tons of ads and sponsors
and everything that Twitch was going to nix, granted they had a special deal with them,
but it's funny.
I don't think there's any irony in that at all.
The thing is, is that Twitch is making money on it.
It was their deal.
It's not the people on their platform making their own deal.
There's a universe of difference.
Yeah.
S.G.O.
Hunter Matt says, folks, we're running to Kick by BlackWoolz says Kick is owned by CryptoBros.
They don't necessarily want to address how people are abused, quote unquote, free speech.
That's like Kick just needs to, I need Kick to prove that they're grownups before I'm
going to take interest in it.
Because right now, when I go to the site, it's casino, casino, casino, it looks, it
just looks like a bunch of garbage.
That's just, I'm just calling it like it is.
For me to believe in Kick, I'm going to need to show that it's run by grownups and a really
solid anti-harassment policy would show that it's run by grownups.
But if they're going to take the Elon Musk approach to like, then that guy is a child
and it is not, then that is showing that it is not being run by grownups.
Well, I mean, their whole thing is no control and decentralization, so whatever.
I'm not going to go to it.
I'm going to keep calling them out until they, you know, if they ever do something about
it.
But the thing is, is that as long as people can go there and be hateful and get away with
it because they're making more money doing it, fuck off, I'll stick with Twitch.
At least they've got really good policies for dealing with, they were really like the
last round of hate raids that were going out, they're really on the ball with restricting
things like that.
Right.
And it took them a minute to get there, but they're there, you know, so.
I'm happily in their research, you know, program.
I'm happy to do my bit to make it better, but, you know, the big thing that they need
to address is, you know, things like, you know, charity streams.
I think if people are going through the built in charity extension, then I think that probably
gets around that.
I mean, they've got to definitely rephrase that.
They're going to have to rewrite part of that agreement.
That's just the end of the story.
And you also can't charge somebody for something that they didn't pay for to begin with.
I'm just going to say that.
All right.
All right.
Like for leaving something they didn't put money in to begin with, I should say.
All right.
Well, before we get to our classic game of sorts for this week, I want to talk a little
bit about because it is June and it was actually Pride weekend here in Sacramento.
I didn't go this year, though, with Alan being sick and everything.
I didn't go.
But I heard the Rebecca Black concert was really fun because that was who the headliner
was this year was Rebecca Black.
That Friday song is like 10 years old at this point.
The last album she put out is legit club hits.
It's actually pretty decent.
I like Saturday.
She came out as, I think, Pam a few years ago.
She's part of the community because she's in her late 20s now.
Friday was when she was 17 and that was 10 years ago, so she's like 27 now.
So she's definitely come a long way.
Anyway, but my point is, it is Pride Month and there's a lot of companies that are doing
things for Pride Month.
To recap, I want to just quickly state some of the things that are going on.
Some of these things we have brought up in prior episodes.
I just want to make that clear.
I am just recapping for Pride Month.
What all is going on of a rainbow variety?
Blizzard Entertainment has done some Pride updates to Overwatch 2, icons and name cards,
and then, of course, they also confirmed Batiste and Pharah as canon in LGBTQIA community.
They are also selling Pride-themed merchandise with the proceeds going to the National Center
for Transgender Equality.
So if you want to get Diablo logo and transgender pride colors, that is something they're selling
on the store right now.
I know because I'm probably buying one.
So that is something they're doing.
Crystal Dynamics is running a month-long funding raising initiative for the It Gets Better
project.
They're going to do a panel for their various studio members in the community on June 28th.
And then on June 30th, they're going to partner with Drag Race alumnus Rock M. Sakura, who
is very underrated in her run on that show, by the way.
She's a very talented queen.
She's going to host a charity stream for the It Gets Better project.
That's all from Crystal Dynamics.
Darkpaw Games doing new EverQuest 2 content.
Very cool.
You can download that until July 9th.
Iron Galaxy will be doing a panel as well on June 15th with their employee resource
group.
And they're going to participate in the Pride Parade in Chicago on June 25th.
Microsoft announced a new partnership with GLAAD that's supposed to help them with their
LGBTQIA plus storytelling and games and staffers on Xbox.
People like to see the representation.
It's great.
You can also find some curated game lists for June and onward, including some transgender
and non-binary community games collection, as well as an LGBTQIA plus community games
collection.
They're also promising Pride Month streams and other content.
Last week on the show, I remember this got brought up, but just mentioning again, the
Queer Games Bundle is available with over 450 games and tabletop games and so forth.
That's all on itch.io, but you can get more information as well on Twitter at Queer Game
Bundle.
Riot Games is doing a Pride Month recognition with their players.
You can get new icons, emotes, titles, and other content from over the years returning.
That's all free for players.
Sega announced they're going to be doing Sega Pride, a charity fundraising event for Kaleidoscope
Trust from June 22nd to June 30th.
That will be streamed on their official Twitch channel and organization members from Kaleidoscope
will be answering questions about their work and the importance of the charity.
Tybo will be doing Pride Month events as well, partnering with It Gets Better, Copenhagen
Pride, Gay Gaming Pros, and so forth.
Twitch is going to feature a collection of LGBTQIA plus streamers on the front page throughout
the month, so that's cool.
I guess the invite for Dark Soccer and myself got lost in the mail.
No, I assume they're inviting partners, which is what they tend to do, so yay to our friends
that will be there.
Press 2 will be doing donations to the organization Mind Out, and there will also be an interview
on Pride being featured in Alba, a wildlife adventure.
And Zynga also partnered with It Gets Better and Take Two, and Zynga donated $50,000 to
the initiative, which is very cool, and they will also be doing a celebration with interviews
and staff of different genders and sexualities, and there will be Pride themed content in
their games, zynga.com slash playwithpride, all one word.
So you know what?
To the streamers before who were running their mouths on Twitter about things they shouldn't
be talking about, I just want you to see through all of those various initiatives, you are
in the wrong.
This rainbow tidal wave is coming, we're here, we're queer, get used to it.
Thank you very much.
All right, let's travel back to a simpler time when streamers weren't getting big deals
like this for in-game content.
But once a month, Dark Sakura puts a twist on it.
But first, I'm going to run the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
But once a month, Dark Sakura picks a non-video game to highlight.
What did you pick for us this week, Dark Sakura?
I picked mousetrap, as in the board game mousetrap.
It's mechanical.
There's things that move, right?
No, I love this choice.
I fucking love this game.
So the original mousetrap board game was first published by Ideal in 1963 for two to four
players.
And it was one of the first mass produced three dimensional board games.
Basically you are building a giant mousetrap in the style of a Rube Goldberg machine.
And the point is to trap the opponent's mice.
And there's actually, the gameplay has changed over time, even though the playfield has not.
So the original premise of it was that, and first of all, this was invented, the concept
of it was invented by Marvin Glass and a designer named Gordon Barlow.
They were for Marvin Glass and Associates, and they got their patent for it in 1967.
The original version of it was supposed to be a game that the players didn't get a lot
of choice in, as far as how to play it.
Multiple rules, almost no decision making, something that was sort of patterned after
Candylander Chutes and Ladders, or originally Stakes and Ladders.
You would take turn rolling a die, and to move your little mouse guy across the game
board, and you go from the start in a continuous loop at the end, the little path would go.
There is a mouse trap that's assembled in the center of the board, and as you land on
build spaces, you would add another piece to the mouse trap and build it as you go along.
So it's always built in the same order.
And then along the end loop are a lot more build spaces, so that if the trap isn't finished,
it can be completed.
And there's a cheese space that's right underneath where the cage will go, and a turn crank space.
So if someone lands on turn crank, when an opponent is on the cheese space, you turn
the crank and it launches the machine, and if it works properly, if you weren't missing
parts, the cage would fall on the cheese space, and the opponent gets eliminated from the
game.
The last one winning is the last one who doesn't get caged is the winner.
So the game was redesigned, the board was, in 1975 with adding cheese pieces that could
allow you to push opponents into the trap space.
You would get these tokens, and if the trap is vacant, when you land on turn crank, you
use the token to roll a die to move an opponent.
Modified version in the UK had three mouse traps, the special trigger that would work
at random, and a different board game, different components, and instead of the model bathtub,
they had a model toilet that would trigger everything.
And then of course, there were other versions of it, there was one from Elephant and Friends
in 2014, you had a barrel instead of a dice, and all kinds of different changes, but the
trap is built before the start of the game.
In 2010, Classic Mouse Trap was re-released, it had some major changes.
The object this time was to collect six cheese pieces, and instead of being eliminated from
the game when you're caught in the trap, you had to forfeit a piece of cheese to the
opponent who traps you.
And then of course the trap was modified so that you don't use a crank, you just press
a lever.
It's got a plastic stop sign on it.
Now a little bit more about the history of the game.
Firstly, Marvin Glass did state that he was greatly influenced by Rube Goldberg's illustrations,
but they didn't want to pay the licensing or royalty fees.
He also did two other games that were based on Goldberg designs, one called Crazy Clock
Game in 1964, and Fish Bait Game in 1965, neither credit Goldberg.
Which would have opened the door for Goldberg to have pursued legal action, but at the time
he was really old and close to retirement, and he decided not to take the legal action
because as it said, inspiration and ideas are not intellectual property that can be
protected by a copyright, trademark, or patent.
What he did, however, was he sold the licensing right for his drawings to another company
called Model Products so that the royalties would go to someone else.
So that Glass could never get them.
And really both of those games are other, like I said, Rube Goldberg-esque machines.
One of them is that you have to operate the machine and whoever is the first one to succeed
with the installation is the winner, and then the Fish Bait Game is that you are fishermen
who have to catch a man eating fish.
As far as legacies go, in 1990, Mouse Trap was adapted into a board game as part of a
British children's show called Motormouth, and the contestants took the place of the
mice in the life-size board game.
And then there is the thing that I think I told you about earlier, Rob.
Mark Perez of San Francisco formed a ginormous, giant, what he calls life-size mousetrap.
It is 16 pieces, 500,000-pound interactive connective sculpture that's set up on a 6,500-square-foot
game board, and it has a little vaudeville-style show and a music score by a one-woman band
named Esmeralda Strange.
You have sexy mice, can-can dancers, clown workers, acrobats, and other scenes that are
dedicated to the game.
It gets traveled and assembled by 25 tons of cranes and equipment in a semi-truck.
The ball bearing, they use a bowling ball instead, and it ends with the destruction
of an automobile by dropping a safe on it.
They drop in a literal old-style bank safe on a car.
That's awesome.
It's very rewarding.
You can't actually play it.
You can't play on it as the ball, but you can watch the ball eventually break things.
And even Smithsonian Magazine-
And yes, I'm trying to show that part of it live here on stream, trying to get to that
part where the safe will crash the car.
We're almost there.
And you see the moving parts on it and everything, that's pretty cool.
But Smithsonian Magazine reports that the exhibit's merit teaches physics and simple
machines.
So, there you go.
Mouse trap inspired by Rube Goldberg and inspiring dudes from San Francisco to crash cars with
a safe using a bowling ball.
There you go.
I'm sorry, I've been muted this whole time while I'm talking.
There it is, your classic game of the week, mouse trap.
Sorry, I was trying to double close all those windows because you had like four different
movies playing as B-roll there.
But yeah, mouse trap inspiring different arts and all that good stuff.
So, great pick.
I think a lot of us remember that game from when we were younger, even if we never actually-
I think people in chat were saying, I didn't actually play the game, I just like to build
the trap.
Exactly.
I did post an image in the chat and I wish I had a way to share this with the podcast
listeners of a picture from an eBay listing of an original 1963 mouse trap.
And it didn't change much into the 80s, I'll tell you that, because that's what my-
Yeah, the contraption itself really doesn't look that much different, honestly.
I always wanted to call her my cousin, but in reality, she was my aunt who was a year
older than me, thanks to my former stepdad marrying a younger woman and having a kid
right before I was born.
Families are weird, y'all.
Yep.
All right.
Great pick for a not video game.
But again, that's kind of the fun is it's like, honestly, it may not be a video game,
but I think there's a lot of that creativity and putting things together and I'm certainly
not surprised whatsoever to hear Loki, a Minecraft fan and a Sim build fan, a Lego fan, was also
a mousetrap fan.
I feel like that game was just a building block to all of that stuff.
I want them to release like a super mousetrap where it's got even more-
What, the safe on a car wasn't enough for you?
No, I mean like for a home version.
Okay.
I mean, I do like the Rube Goldberg machines, the guy with the squirrels.
Have you ever watched those videos?
Not that one.
I mean, I've seen the pictures and, you know.
Well, it's not really a machine.
It's just he creates this obstacle course for squirrels, but there's like little goals
that happen at the end and it's pretty funny.
Oh, Mark Rober.
Yeah.
All right.
We're going to talk about some other quick headlines around the industry this week.
We're almost to the end of our scheduled stories tonight because we knew that the wrap ups
would take a very long time at the top tonight, so we didn't schedule a lot of stories in
this half of the show, but we want to touch on a few headlines real quick before we get
to our listener roundtable via participate at orangelodgeradio.com, our email and our
Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But first, Loki, some headlines.
Yeah, there's been some updates to Nintendo Switch online.
So for June, we're going to be getting some brand new Super Nintendo and Nintendo games.
Starting off with, of course, we have looks like Kirby's Tilt and Tumble and Blaster Master
Enemy Below.
Those are going to be new Game Boy titles and then Harvest Moon on the Super Nintendo
and looks like Mystery Tower, which is going to be for the NES.
I've never heard of Mystery Tower Harvest Moon is cool.
For sure.
And then more showcases coming out later this month, so in the very near future tomorrow,
we have the Capcom Showcase 2023.
It's going to be at 3 p.m. Pacific Time, 6 p.m. Eastern.
And they're going to have different announcements available there as well as Ubisoft Forward,
which is going to be also tomorrow as well, June 12th.
And that is happening early in the morning at 945 Pacific Daylight Time and 645 Eastern
Time.
So.
Cool.
Oh, I'm sorry, C.E.S.T., that's not Eastern Time, that would I don't know if that is Central
Central.
No, that's not something it's several hours later.
So that's got to be European time or some C.E.S.T.
Oh, I thought you said C.E.S.T.
No, not C.E.S.T., I know what C.E.S.T. means.
Some of the games are going to be showing off in their avatar frontiers of Pandora.
Forgot that they're making an avatar game, Assassin's Creed Mirage, which I mean honestly
when I saw the trailer for that, I thought it was Prince of Persia.
The Crew Motorfest and an unannounced game, which I think is probably Star Wars since
they already show that.
So that would be Star Wars there.
And then other things will be showing off later on.
They're going to have a live stream that covers some more stuff from that.
And C.E.S.T. is Central European Summer Time.
It is seven hours ahead of Eastern, which would be 10 hours ahead of us.
On the West Coast.
The more you know.
OK, Dark Sakura, how about some other you had some other WWDC stuff?
I think it was.
I did.
And it was really just the winners of the 2023 Apple Design Awards.
And I'm only going to I'm not going to necessarily say what they were for, but I just wanted
to mention the games in there that won.
One of them is Stitched by Lykke Studios out of Thailand.
And that's actually pretty fun and very relaxing.
There was also Afterplace, which is a pixel game by Evan Kies here in the US.
There are crazy spiders on it, I'm just going to say.
Another game called Railbound, which no words, no points.
You just build tracks.
Just a fun little puzzler.
And then another one called Ending by Handy Games out of Germany, where you play as a
fox trying to escape an environmental disaster.
It's very stray-like, but simpler.
And then.
I'm just seeing if there's any other games on here.
Resident Evil Village, of course, also won.
Marvel Snap also won.
So that one actually got a design layout award.
So there you go.
Nice.
All right.
Well, for fans.
Oh.
Well, and I should point out that some of these games that won were not necessarily
in singularly game categories.
These were all design.
All right.
So one game well-designed that I know a lot of you were really enjoying, but you don't
have much longer to enjoy it on Game Pass, sadly, because it's going away this month.
But for those of you that purchased Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shredders Revenge, you're
going to get some expanding DLC that comes out later in 2023.
Dimension Shellshock is the DLC that's coming, and they have already announced one of the
big characters to this DLC is Usagi Miyamoto from Usagi Yojimbo fame, who is, of course,
the rabbit that crossed over in some of the comics with the Ninja Turtles.
That's kind of a cool little deep cut that they're bringing over into the game.
I used to totally read the Usagi Yojimbo comics back in the day, and he was in the cartoon,
the 90s cartoon quite a bit.
And as part of this DLC, since it is called Dimension Shellshock, this means there has
to be some time-spanning portals that will bring Usagi to modern times, which means there
are portals that take the modern times to ancient Japan.
Hello, the third movie, Ninja Turtles movie.
Maybe it'll be similar in plot.
No, I don't know.
There is going to be more other playable characters.
Usagi is the only one confirmed as of now, but people are certainly guessing on what
the others could be.
This DLC comes out later this year for the Switch, PS4 and 5, Windows PC, and Xbox One.
No price as of yet, but it will come later.
So pretty cool.
All right, that is our rapid fire news.
So let's talk about what games are coming out this week, as if last week wasn't good
enough for you.
What's coming out this week?
Loki will start in the US.
Yeah, didn't you get enough games last week?
I know, Street Fighter 6 and Diablo 4, you ought to be pretty busy.
Yeah, we have a Front Mission 2 remake on Nintendo Switch.
We've got Doredogne, I don't know how to pronounce that.
That's my best guess.
That's going to be on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and
Xbox Series, Blue Protocol on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, Daydream Forgotten Sorrow
on PC, Birdie Wing Golf Girls Story on Nintendo Switch, Crime Boss Rock-A-City on PlayStation
5 and Xbox Series, the game sucks, don't buy it, Jack Gene on Nintendo Switch, Layers of
Fear on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, Steel Assault on PlayStation 4, PlayStation
5, Xbox One and Xbox Series, Formula One 23 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox
One, Xbox Series, and last but not least, Park Beyond on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox
Series.
All right, looking in Japan at what releases are coming out over there.
On the Switch this week, we have Hakuyoki, Sweet School Life for the Nintendo Switch.
It is in a regular and a limited edition or a special edition, and Kamisama Tokoi Gokoro
is out this week as well on the Switch, and the House of the Dead remake is also out on
the Switch this week.
Those are the releases on the Nintendo Switch.
On the PlayStation 5, Railway Empire 2 gets a deluxe edition release on the PlayStation
5.
I think we have that here on Game Pass actually, but I know train sims are really fun in Japan,
so there's that.
And then the House of the Dead remake is also available on the PlayStation 5 this week as
well.
Dark Soccer, how about Europe?
I actually have to say something that I bought earlier today after choosing the classic game.
Okay.
I bought a world's smallest mouse trap.
Like a pocket version or something?
Yeah, to go with my world's smallest scrabble.
Oh, that's kind of cute.
These are a whole series of things.
Oh, okay.
Most of them work.
I mean, clearly not the mean microscopic Polaroid camera, but I love them.
There's even an operation.
There's a few different ones.
They're pretty cool.
Anyway, as far as what's coming out on the 13th for PlayStation Xbox Switch, we have
Power Wash Simulator.
On the 15th for PlayStation Switch, we have Galguardian's Demon Purge.
On the 16th for, and these both are PlayStation and Xbox, we have Park Beyond and F123.
P.S., if someone wants to give me a McLaren F1, please do.
I just want one.
Please.
Thank you.
I'm sure one is on its way right now.
All right.
I've actually driven one around the box, around the block.
Fine.
It's your turn to have a say.
If you want to send us an email, you can do that.
Participate at orangesontraday.com.
Sadly, I think we are email-less another week.
I'll let Jamie confirm that.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, no, no.
We got one last second.
Oh, we did.
Okay.
I think we should just have a voice clip of Cooney from Weird Al's UHF.
Uh-huh.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Hi, all.
It's Mishi.
I hope you're having a great weekend.
Sorry in advance for spelling errors.
It's okay.
It's more...
Anyway, with that being said, my gaming week consisted of Diablo 4, Zelda, Tears of the
Kingdom, which I finally got a new PC.
I ended up being able to play a game I was putting off simply because my old PC wouldn't
run it.
The game is called Sunhaven.
It's your typical farming game, similar to Stardew Valley, with fantasy elements thrown
in, like dragons, fae folk, and the like.
It's just a really cozy game if you want something relaxing to play.
I'm slowly working on Diablo and Tears of the Kingdom as well.
Once again, thanks for the show.
Great job, guys.
Happy gaming weekend stuffs.
Sincerely, Mishi.
Aw, thanks for the email, Mishi.
Appreciate it.
That Sunhaven sounds super cute.
I'm all for Stardew Valley but with dragons and fairies.
That's very much what we do.
Those Stardew Valley games, there's a lot of copycat titles.
I'm not using that negatively, but it's just, you know, sometimes when a game does very
well you start to see some of the, you know, heavily inspired titles come out.
I hadn't heard that one.
That one wasn't on my radar, but I'm all for the cozy games, that's for sure.
Okay, so talking in the roundtable.
We have No One Special 77s in chat tonight.
Hello, hello.
Who says, who asks, I should say, is there any games coming out between now and quarter
and 2024 that you're excited for?
Oh, boy.
That's a loaded question, to be honest.
I mean, for me personally, I've made it no secret.
I'm very excited for Final Fantasy XVI.
And at the end of the year, I think Starfield I'm pretty hyped for at this point.
I think there's enough there that I really am excited to see and want to check out.
There's that as well.
I feel like Nintendo will probably still announce something.
We just don't know yet, but in the coming weeks, they'll announce a holiday game that
I'm going to go, yep, I want to get that game.
Speaking of Nintendo inspired games, that's Square Enix Splatoon knockoff with the foam.
I can't remember the name of it now.
That looked cute.
And I might be interested in that if that makes this year, but I can't remember if it
was this year.
Oh, no.
He said in the question, quarter one, 2024.
So that means Final Fantasy VII Rebirth counts too, because that's supposed to be quarter
one of next year.
And I'm very hyped about that game as well.
So I got a lot of great games to play throughout the year, and I still have a backlog.
Like, you know, I have to admit for the first time in a long time, seeing that new Like
a Dragon 8 trailer today, I was like, maybe I really do.
Maybe Bobby Blackwell has a point when he says I need to go finish Like a Dragon.
Like maybe maybe I should go back and bubble that back up.
But see, here's the problem.
And Bobby's admitted this is a problem for him on his show, too.
So now I'm going to have to start from the beginning, because I'm going to feel like
I forgot everything that happened at this point and have to start from the beginning.
I probably don't have to, but I feel like I have to.
So there's just that growing backlog of games to get through.
Oh, Bobby points out there's a theater mode, so I could just watch the cut scenes.
All right.
That's clever.
That's clever.
I was going to joke.
I could watch a speed run.
Let's see.
Let's see.
SJ100Matt says there's so many games coming out, but not enough time to play them.
Need a room of spirit and time to get through some of these.
For serious.
For serious.
Oh, God.
Now time in a bottle, though, is stuck in my head.
Kind of a depressing little song.
I'll give I'll give one more shout for our Discord green room if anyone wants to call.
But otherwise, let me go to Loki and check in if there's a last minute story tonight.
I feel like we hit on most things with the big announcements, but you never know.
Yeah, we pretty much hit on most of those things.
I would say the only detail that we've got now is Starfield is going to run at 30 FPS
locked on consoles, so they're not going to be doing any sort of performance mode.
It's 4K on the Series X and 1440p on the Series S.
I'm a little surprised to hear they're not trying to push 60 frames.
Yeah, at least on the console.
Maybe PC, which is probably where I'll be playing it.
So that's fine.
Yeah.
All right, we'll see what comes of that.
All right.
Well, with that, I think we are not getting any other calls or anything tonight, which
is fine.
We're at about two and a half hours, which is normal length.
So we're going to move to wrap it all up for tonight.
But before we do, I'll just say thank you, as always, for listening to Orange Launch
Radio.
Thank you for supporting independent podcasting.
If you enjoyed what you heard here on the show, please help us spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify goes an awful long way as well.
I try to keep an eye on Spotify once in a while, too, for the people that actually respond
to the, what did you think of this week's show?
Because I saw one in the queue there that I pushed up.
So if you say nice things, I'll bump up whatever it is you put in there, too, as long as it's
somewhat relevant.
So thank you to all that.
I really appreciate that.
And those all go an awful long way.
So thank you, thank you.
I think that's all I have to say.
We'll be back in seven days to do it again.
We have some more announcements we're going to be getting at Ubisoft, Capcom, who knows
what else this week.
Maybe Nintendo will surprise us, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
But in the meantime, lots of fun games to still be playing.
Ooh, as I transition it to Dark Sakura, I know she has a new Dead by Daylight chapter
to play on Tuesday.
That's something exciting that's coming.
I do.
Yeah.
And they've already had to do some tweaks to it, but I'm really looking forward to learning
the singularity, unlocking.
I mean, to be honest, I still don't have my night adept and I haven't played him yet,
but I did.
I did get both Wesker and Skull Merchant done in four games each.
I've seen people calling that new killer Larry because he's the singularity.
Actually, Larry is what Shayla calls one of the crows because he's Larry Bird.
Okay.
But isn't there a streamer named Laurie Bird?
I think there is.
She actually stopped.
Lady Burb.
She actually stopped streaming.
Oh, I might be thinking of somebody else.
But her husband is also Burb.
Gotcha.
And they call their kid Little Burb.
Okay.
And then what else am I going to say with that?
Oh, the new survivor is very handsome.
Very handsome fellow.
Oh, Mr. Soma.
And there are, from what I can see, I think Felix is getting another shirtless look, or
at least open-shirted look.
For Pride Month, it's what we deserve.
I want an ace character that isn't Ace Visconti.
Although, wouldn't that be kind of funny if it was Ace?
Our other nickname is Ass Discount.
I love the way that Alan plays Ace Visconti.
Have you ever played with him on Dead by Daylight?
His steam name is Ace Visconti, but gay.
And he plays with purple velvet pants and a leopard shirt.
It looks like a 70s stereotype of somebody who was in a John Waters movie once.
I've seen him do his cosplay before, too.
Now, my ace is really gross.
He's kind of a lech old man who makes just enough money gambling to keep himself afloat,
and he has a thing for college girls.
Oh, boy.
All right.
Well, on that Dead by Daylight fandom note-
We have weird headcanons in the game.
On that Dead by Daylight fandom note, I know you're off to go play and stream, so any final
thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I may have open lobbies, and if I don't get anyone to play with me, we may go ahead and
try another attempt tonight.
All right.
But you got to pay a lot for it to be nurse.
All right.
Well, have a good stream tonight.
I was going to say you, too, but probably you're going to Diablo, so bye.
Bye.
Have a good night.
That was a very safe bet she made there.
All right.
Actually, I have some 14 errors to catch up on, too, so it might end up being that.
All right.
Loki, what's your final thought for us tonight?
I'm excited to go see Randy Feltface tomorrow.
Who the hell is that?
I've never heard that.
He is an Australian puppet comic.
Oh, okay.
And it's not like-
Everything's funnier with puppets.
Well, he is a puppet.
His character is a puppet.
You don't know who actually is voicing him, but he is hilarious, and I can't wait to see him.
All right.
Good times.
Have fun at that.
My final thought.
Final Fantasy XVI demo tomorrow.
Yes, I'll be streaming.
I know I've been really bad at streaming, but man, being sick knocked me on my ass for
two weeks, so strep throat, it happens, and then another something on top of that.
I'm excited to get back into streaming.
I'm really excited.
I get to play Final Fantasy XVI tomorrow.
I'm so excited.
That's it.
Have a wonderful night, everybody.
We'll be back in seven days to talk about XVI, whatever other games, Capcom, Ubisoft,
everybody else is set to announce.
It's an exciting time in gaming.
I hope you all have fun playing games, whether you're playing Diablo IV, Street Fighter VI,
or something in your backlog from years ago, whatever it is, or you're just playing Minecraft
again like Loki, whatever it is you're playing, have fun, enjoy it, and please be nice to
people online, and stop making stupid people famous.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
