965 mainline episodes, 35 to-go episodes, 8 studios, 5 broadcast mediums, 4 web hosts,
3 hosts, 63 guests, 10 microphones, 5 computers, tens of thousands of games, 3 seats away from
Nobu Imatsu, 16 and a half Final Fantasies, 25 years of DDR, and most importantly, 21
years of Orange Lounge Radio.
60% of all statistics were made up on the spot.
Now it's time for your birthday hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki as you've come
to enjoy to tell you about this week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice
21 years and counting.
Hello, hello, and hello to all those of you that are participating with our show live over
at Twitch.tv, Twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Thank you so much. I see the love coming in as the show is starting and all the birthday
wishes. Thank you all so much.
It does mean the world.
Let me quickly go around and introduce everybody.
Of course, I am Rob Roberts, and I've been here every week, just about.
I mean, give or take some holiday weeks and vacation weeks because people are like, it
doesn't math up. If you do 50 weeks a year, shouldn't you be past episode 1000 by now?
Well, we do more like 45 episodes a year, which is still more than any Netflix show is
going to get, that's for sure.
But it doesn't math up.
Yeah, I just said it doesn't math up.
So anyway.
Hi, I'm Rob Roberts.
And joining me to correct my grammar is Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Well, I do it to everybody.
It's equal opportunity.
Fair, fair.
How are you tonight?
Um, it's been a week.
Just a week?
Well, a friend of mine at work that I hadn't seen since before the pandemic died last year
while I was on leave and found out another of my favorite people at work is at home dying
right now from cancer.
So, yeah, it's been a little emotional.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Um, but which was, which was funny.
I was watching like something about aging right before I went into work and found out.
So guys, it's, it's been a week, a week.
Yeah.
You know, you know, I'm resilient.
Yeah.
Turning, you know, in turning 21, not to like totally bring down the mood at the start of
the show, but certainly when you've been doing a show, as long as this, when you're 21 years,
you know, we've had people, you know, you guys that show up here Sunday nights, you're
the extended family of orange lounge rate, or you are the family of orange launch radio.
Now you're basically extended family to us as hosts.
And, uh, you know, we've, we've lost some listeners over the years, like, you know, in,
in somewhat recent memory, a fat ninja DM used to be here, uh, on Sunday nights chatting
with us.
And, you know, we lost him, um, probably about a year, a year and a half ago at this point.
Uh, although it's very hard for me to time these days.
Um, you know, there's been, there's been other folks over the years as well.
So it's always, you know, one of those things where it's like, Oh, uh, those, those reminders
of, um, every day being a gift are, uh, certainly all around us.
So, um, we're, we're thankful that we've been able to be here for 21 years.
That's for sure.
Uh, we've had our health.
There's been ups and downs for sure.
Um, but we've had the ability to be here for 21 years.
And so for that, we're thankful for sure.
Um, um, let me also say hello to and welcome tech master.
Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
Yeah, I'm full.
What's that?
I ate a bunch of, I'm full because my wife bought, um, like a sashimi grade tuna.
Like, I was like 14.
I don't know.
It was like a thing that was like, it's pretty large and ate all of it with rice.
I was going to go back healthy.
It sounds like you made a poke bowl, but like a Loki poke bowl, which all it needed was bacon.
I like poke bowls and like, and I almost got poke bowl today, but like I didn't because I have tuna at home.
So what we call poke here is not actually poke.
Well, you know what?
I mean, that I know it's missing all of the pocket monsters, but you know what, sushi's close enough, so it's fine.
Or tuna in this case.
I mean, just sounds like you, like, I mean, tuna is really, I mean, fish in general is really good for your joints.
So, yeah.
Um, so tonight we are taking a look back at 21 years of Orange Lounge Radio, believe it or not, uh, officially as of June 23rd, which was a couple of days ago.
Uh, that was our very first broadcast back in 2002.
Um, and for those that, you know, are new around here, cause we do get new faces, uh, every week, we're thankful for that.
Um, we started because all three of us met as we were playing, um, Dance Dance Revolution would probably be the most notable Bahmani game, which was a series of music-based.
Well, I shouldn't say was cause technically Bahmani games are still going.
There was a lull for a while, but, um, uh, Bahmani games are music-based games, uh, by Konami, uh, who has gone through their own series of changes over the years.
But regardless, we all met playing DDR at the arcade.
And after we would meet up at Roseville Gothland on, what was it?
Tuesday nights, Thursday nights, one of them, we would go from there and we would go to the little cafe that was in the parking lot and we would, uh, just chow down on mozzarella sticks and soup, whatever else they had.
And, uh, just talk about life tangents and a lot of video games and what was happening, not just in the DDR community, but in the rest of the gaming world.
And so, um, on RIP, the mini loaves at, uh, the restaurant.
Oh man, those are the best.
They don't do mini loaves anymore, huh?
No.
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
But anyway, um, yeah, uh, you know, we would, we would, uh, uh, eat and, you know, talk and just be there.
So we kind of took that atmosphere and brought it to this virtual environment, you know, that we, you see now and, um, you know, especially since pandemic lockdowns happened, really taking that concept of a virtual table.
And, um, you know, uh, inviting all of you to be here with us.
So, uh, I really, really appreciate, uh, those of you that have turned out, whether it's the first episode or the, um, 965th episode that you're listening to of orange launch radio.
Thank you so much for being here and just being a part of it.
Uh, really appreciate it.
And, um, I also wanted to say a big kudos, uh, that that intro tonight from Jason was very impressive with all the statistics.
Um, I'm assuming some of that had to come off the Wiki or really good memory.
Cause there was stuff in there where I was like, I don't even remember how many of those we've had.
Uh, so that's, that's really, um, really impressive.
And also I just want to take a moment to acknowledge Jason as well, who has been instrumental for this program behind the scenes, um, over the years with our voiceovers, um, the hosting and, you know, keep, keeping the, the wheels turn in and all that stuff.
So just a big kudos to Jason for helping this be afloat for 21 years.
I know you haven't heard him regularly on this show in a while.
He used to come in the studio for a while when it made more, when it clicked more for his personal life to be able to do that.
But, um, just, you know, want to give that big, thank you as well.
I also want to give, um, I'm sure there's a lot of people we could thank and I'm going to forget people, but I also want to give a shout out to Bobby black Wolf because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby black will show.
And Bobby for years and years has joked that he's the opening act to orange launch radio.
I think he knows we don't really see it that way, but, um, we are happy to share the stage with Bobby every week, pretty much for what, like 18 of those 21 years.
Um, so, and maybe not quite that long, but almost, it really feels like that it's been a long, long time, uh, sharing the stage with Bobby.
So we appreciate that.
Bobby is also, you know, there was a time when this show almost ended after four years when life 365, uh, kind of.
Fucked her, I guess life is five is back, but this is the old life is five when you could like run your own network on there and you know, some internet rate things went through and the rates are going to go through the roof and we weren't really going to be able to afford to keep our own station running anymore.
Cause orange radio was not just a show.
It was a station, uh, back in the beginning and, uh, we didn't think we were going to be able to run it anymore, but Bobby was really the one that kind of connected us with, um, all games radio who at the time then became our home network for quite some time.
Um, before then, of course the voice of geeks network about, uh, God, 11 years ago at this point.
So, um, thank you to Bobby.
Who's made, made sure we've always had a stage to do this on.
That's for sure.
So, uh, yeah, and dark to see you talking about life.
365 says they came back, huh?
Yeah.
I remember doing, cause I was like, do they charge you to broadcast on there now?
Yeah.
I think somebody, uh, somebody new bought it.
Like it's changed hands as a lot of websites do.
And I think, I think it tries to be a broadcast in a box type of thing, but it's, you know, here we are on Twitch.
Twitch is the mechanism that we can record the podcast, which this has always been an audio show from the very beginning.
So yes, video is here.
We're happy to see you on Twitch and all that stuff, but it's, it's really an audio show.
This was inspired not by other podcasts because I mean, I'm not trying to sound egotistical.
It's just the fact when there was nobody else out there that when we, when we started doing this type of thing, there were other broadcasters.
There was nothing like what you see today.
That was the medium.
We were influenced by more traditional radio shows and like the three hour programs you might see on Sirius XM or on broadcast radio.
That's where the roots of our show is.
Not like a 30 minute, one hour package, um, you know, that you might see in more traditional, you know, types of formats.
And that's why the show has continued to run essentially as long as we feel it needs to.
I don't know if there's a lot of shows out there that run beyond an hour on a regular basis.
There's some, I'm sure there are, but, um, you know, just, we've been doing it our way and that's how we've made it for 21 years.
So, uh, I'm rambling.
I tend to do that, but I want to take a minute to acknowledge.
Does anybody else, uh, want to, um, oh, one other shout out I should give, actually, I know I'm going to forget people and I'm sorry about that because I didn't plan this out in advance, but I want to make sure I also shout out Travis Donovan.
I know he's not here and he's doing his old thing.
He's being a crabby old man yelling at a cloud, but, and we love him for it, but you know, he was the one that showed me and dark soccer to an extent that literally any idiot can podcast.
And I mean that in the nicest possible way, but you know, I went to college thinking I would want to get into radio and I might want to be actually, then it was TV, a weatherman to do all this stuff.
And then when I actually interned in the industry, uh, I learned that I don't want to, I don't want to do this.
I don't have the fight to, um, I was, I'm just going to be very blunt.
I don't want to blow my way to the top.
Uh, and this industry is very competitive and this, this whole thing, I don't, I don't, I don't think it's for me, but Travis showed me very early on that with a gorilla radio type of setup in your spare bedroom and an internet connection, you can create radio on your own terms.
And that's the path that, you know, we've been forging here at orange launch radio.
And many of you out there that are content creators have been forging ever since.
And it's a, it's a, it's a wonderful, wonderful thing.
So I learned that watching pump up the volume later, that movie was obviously a huge influence as well, but that was a movie.
Right.
And to see it in real life was like, Oh, I don't have to break the law to do this type of thing.
I'd like to, I'd like to thank Christian Slater.
And, uh, what was her name that played the eat me, beat me lady?
Oh, I don't, I don't.
Somebody in chattel side.
I remember who you're talking about, but yeah, I don't remember the actress's name.
Um, it's almost there, but now I'm just, I'm, I'm kidding.
I think Bobby.
Um, so as to show 100, Matt and chat says, if Travis were here, he'd say, I made you, but I'm too old and going to take a nap.
That sounds, that sounds about right.
That's the very time I think of Travis.
I think of him with a bra on his head saying he's queen on the dollar.
It's not just him saying he's queen on the dollar.
He would put the bra on his head and go, I'm queen on the dollar.
Yeah.
This whole thing he would do.
I got to wonder though, is he going to, you know, with the new starfield coming out and stuff, he's going to switch up his cosplay to do some of that instead of all the mass effects stuff.
Or you think he's going to stick with that going forward?
Uh, I don't know.
Cause he doesn't, he doesn't really go to dragon con anymore.
He made a surprise appearance a couple of years ago, but, um, he hasn't been since, Oh, S.
Jonah to Matt says, Samantha Mathis is who you're looking for.
Jamie.
Didn't she play the original princess peach or Daisy, whoever it was in the original Mario movie.
Wasn't that also her in the nineties, Mario movie?
I'm almost positive.
It was, that would be assuming I actually watched that.
Yeah, no, it was interesting connection.
So pump up the volume does connect to video games in many ways.
Um, Rama confirms.
Yes.
And I also want to ignore, uh, acknowledge this.
Um, uh, some of you in chat are saying some very nice things.
Pod culture says, uh, Rob, y'all were the biggest influence on our show.
Um, and, uh, fixie high fixation, gays fixie and chat says ramble away.
This is you guys big day.
Yes.
Um, as Joe and Hunter, Matt pointing out, there were always some webcams, the 56 K cam of the guest couch.
Yes.
There was a webcam in the early days of the show.
It would refresh once every 30 seconds as webcams did back then, but there was a cam.
It did work.
So just in TV, y'all.
Yeah, we were on Justin TV.
Yes, we were.
So there actually still is an orange lounge radio Twitch channel.
It just collects cobwebs.
It is our old Justin channel and there's some old content still there.
If you want to go seek it out.
I mean, have fun.
It's some old shit, but it's there.
Um, you might even find clips of when we were in the garage studio.
So, well, shit.
Now that I've gone down this rabbit hole.
Was it orange lounge or was it orange lounge radio?
I'm trying to look it up.
Oh, some fucker grabbed the name orange lounge.
That's not, that's probably not orange lounge.
I don't think.
No, it's just, it's probably like a fan or something.
Okay.
I found our channel, but unfortunately all I see are clips of the final fantasy 13 demo being played.
Lord.
Um, I don't know if we have any clips from in the studio.
Oh, I see.
I see some things.
Well, the audio would have been from the podcast.
It's just the video was the 13 demo.
Wait, hold on, hold on.
Okay.
Oh, this is great.
This is great.
Hold on.
So somebody clip this, this clip is 15 years ago.
Hold on.
I'm going to put this on the other screen.
15 years ago.
This clip is from check this out.
Uh, if you want to give us a call.
I remember this.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Oh, wait, who's this?
And there's intern drew.
Yeah.
You can see there.
Loki is wearing a little big planet costume with the OLR logo intern drew's in the back there.
And I believe that's Bradley Arcadian 42 in the back.
And then dark soccer used to sit on a couch that was over on the right side because she didn't want to be on cam, which, you know, if you've ever paid attention to what happens to women on the internet, sometimes I understand our soccer's perspective at that time and not wanting to be on cam.
There's some really wild stuff here in the background to like all this stuff.
This is like a dear friends poster.
I want to say this is signed in the back.
You know, it's funny.
All the decor in the garage.
What's that?
Drew's picture on my phone is him with the long floppy hair, which of course he doesn't have now.
But I always like I'm so entertained to show co workers.
We worked together.
Look at that.
I'm like, don't don't, you know, he thankfully he grew out of his young republican phase.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Okay, I'm going to do one more one more.
Oh, God, I could fall down a rabbit hole here.
There's a lot of clips on here.
Holy shit.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I got to do one more of these.
This is this one is labeled.
Caramel dancing.
Oh, Lord.
And I have to see what's going on in this clip here.
Hold on, hold on.
Is that Rama in the studio with us?
Holy shit, it is.
This is when Rama was here.
Yes.
Oh, oh, shit.
I'm not on another screen.
I'm sorry.
And that started to you with us.
There are two in the back and drew with the hair and me face palming during this song.
Don't they dance at some point?
I'm skipping ahead.
No, I guess this is just our reaction to the song.
I don't know.
That's that's another very, very old clip.
I did not know this much shit was archived over on the old Orange Lounge Radio Twitch channel.
You have to dig a little bit to find it, but it's there.
That's and I know how to and I know how to download every little piece of it.
You might you might think you might need to send me where was the link again?
It's the it's just Twitch TV, Orange Lounge Radio.
And then you have to actually go into the full videos page and the videos page has everything.
It's not in the main page.
I can get it all downloaded.
Yeah, that might be a fun thing to put together.
Let's hear it for developer mode.
Yeah.
Wowee.
Wow.
What a good trip down memory lane.
My God.
Episode 270 post show.
It looks like the cameras pointed at the TV or something.
I don't remember how we were doing it at the time.
Oh, my goodness.
All right.
I'll see.
Oh, there we go.
Excite truck deathmatch.
All right.
Oh, I'll I'll grab some.
Yeah, dark disease, as I wonder if there's a way to save those clips.
Yeah, that's what Jamie.
Yeah, there absolutely is.
Yeah.
So if you are in if you have developer mode enabled in Safari, you can right click on a video and inspect element.
You just have to know how to read the code to find it.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Fun trip down memory lane.
So that's that's why I knew we had a YouTube channel with some old clips, too.
But that was that I forgot that we actually have basically a Justin TV channel that got turned into a Twitch channel that has really, really old clips of us doing this thing 15 years ago and probably more.
That's appreciation.
Wild.
So yeah, I was looking at some of those videos.
There's a lot of wacky stuff in there, but I love it.
I love it.
All right.
Well, again, thanks from all of us to you all who come out here and listen every week and just have made this show happen.
So, you know, our next big milestone will be episode 1000.
Believe it or not, we're not the first gaming podcast to hit 1000 episodes, but we're the first weekly show one show a week to hit it.
And honestly, in almost any medium I can think of.
I mean, there's some there's others like, you know, there's some shows that have been running like that, like The Simpsons has been running since the dawn of time, right?
But even The Simpsons only does like 20 up.
No, we have more episodes of them.
Yeah.
Well, and if you think if you think about traditional radio things like what's Art Bell show called, but a new guy has run it for years coast to coast, you know, things like that have been running for years and years and years and years, right?
So they're always going to have more episodes than us.
But you know, as far as like internet medium things, there's not like for video games.
They're there, we know we're the oldest that that has done this consistently for this long.
We're the oldest I mean, period.
That's it for video games.
For other mediums.
I'm sure it's, there's probably some tech related shows that have been going about us.
But it's a small circle at this point.
So, um, and big kudos.
I might not be able to download these.
Oh, no, really?
Yeah, they're saying it can't load the the video file off of here.
It's gotta be there, though.
Yeah, I'll figure it out.
I'll get it done.
If you can play it, you can download it.
So yeah, but um, yeah, I just want to say, you know, again, not just thanks to all of you, but also, you know, Dark Sakura Loki.
It's our dedication that's had made this happen for 21 years.
So thank you all for you know, being committed to this as long as y'all have as well.
So it's, um,
what else is he gonna do?
I know.
Things hit a hit things.
Things hit that point at some point where it's like, what else am I gonna do Sunday night?
All right.
You know, you know, this has been a very positive part of my life.
You Dan's a podcaster now.
Yeah, he does the pinball stuff, right?
The spinner is lit.
Mm hmm.
So, yeah, it's, uh, yeah.
And Alan had a short lived Warcraft podcast for like six episodes, but I always, you know, he gets into streaming, which is pretty cool.
So now we just need Mrs.
Loki to have a rant podcast of her own.
I think she'd be good at it if she wanted to do it.
The only thing she's watching now that she'd rant on is the Beverly Hills Housewives.
I was gonna say it has to be Housewives.
Which I have watched way too many episodes of already.
Like, I am not happy that I've seen that many episodes.
I would love a Housewives recap podcast for Mrs.
Loki, but it's it's all good.
She can she can enjoy it in peace.
Just imagine like living or like being friends with people that bring up like you said something mean to me like two years ago and I still remember it.
And I'm waiting for that apology.
And like, that's the show.
It's just like super annoying.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see, comments in chat.
No one special and 777 says, So when our hits 1000, will we get Rob singing a Madonna voiceover or going full diva and sashaying away?
I already went full diva once on this program.
So be careful what you wish for.
I don't know.
The honest answer is I don't know.
Like you, you hit so many milestones, you're not sure how to tell them all apart at one point.
So, you know, we want to still acknowledge and say thank you.
But, you know, I don't know what we'll do.
Like you start paving things with your milestones.
Yeah, yeah.
Such as the background of Street Fighter six that Loki has running there and all the Capcom game milestones you see on the sidewalk there in the background in that earlier scene.
I think it moved into a fighting match, but I caught that in the earlier scene.
I was just hoping there'd be some hot player on refrigerator action, but we haven't seen it yet.
Not yet.
So by the way, I have a theory about this.
And I think that these are really low res, not just because of how we shot them.
I think they were just leftover placeholder.
Because, yeah, I can't I can't get it to load up the original clip from the link.
Oh, wow.
I mean, and they're also like copies of copies from Lord knows how long ago that have been.
If I can get logged into the account and go into the video manager, then I can get them that way.
I would bet.
Well, I don't want to talk about the password, but I'll text you.
I'll text you.
So I gotta I gotta watch my mouth on air.
But I have guesses.
Well, and if nothing else, we can probably reset it.
Probably.
Except the account.
Even if the email account doesn't exist anymore, we can create it and then reset it and then
delete it again.
Because it probably it probably honestly goes to mailbag at orange on trader.com.
But we'll figure it out.
It could go to my personal email to at orange on radio.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, let's get into some actual gaming news.
That's what we do here.
We talk about what's going on in the gaming industry.
And there's actually continued to be quite a bit this week because it was rumored that
it was going to happen.
And then sure enough, Nintendo decided to show up to the not E3 party as well and drop
some bombshells of their own.
So we have a Nintendo Direct to talk about from this week.
Loki, would you mind walking us through some of the headlines from the Nintendo Direct?
Yeah.
So they started off with showing off some new Pokemon DLC for Violet and Scarlet, including
Area Zero.
So that looked cool.
I don't know, not playing the game, but we knew they were going to be putting out more
DLC for that.
So of course, it makes sense.
They had another trailer for Sonic Superstars, which is coming out like I think this week.
So it's, you know, of course, on the switch as well.
So looks cool.
Trying to get my kid to play it.
But now I don't know if he's going to.
Paulie was another one.
It's a free to play game, kind of a survival.
I was like town building, but yeah, it looked pretty cool.
And that's going to be coming to the switch as well.
Persona 5 Tactica was going to be coming out November 17th and it looked pretty sweet.
This is a neat take on a game, but Myth Force, which is structured.
It's supposed to be like a Saturday morning cartoon.
And I mean, the logo itself kind of reminds me a little bit like Thundercats almost, but
it is supposed to be coming to the switch later this year as well.
And we got some more news about Splatoon 3 Splatfest.
They're going to be doing a toss up between different desserts.
So it looks like frozen yogurt, ice cream.
And I don't know if it's like frozen yogurt as well or maybe I don't know.
Mint chocolate chip or something.
But here's the funny thing about that.
Why wouldn't you'll notice they didn't do chocolate, probably because they didn't want
it look to look like you were flinging poop everywhere.
So they decided to purposely pick something besides just chocolate so that it could be
a better color than brown because the means that would come from brown brown splat, they
just and that's the same reason you're not going to see a yellow or is there a yellow?
I don't think there is a yellow.
He had a medical term.
I probably the vanilla is kind of yellowy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, I'm sure there's probably like a fluorescent yellow, but not like, you know, it's like
well, it's it's.
It is it is a like a don't just take the train and derail it immediately.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing with the Splatfest.
Why the hell was that in the Nintendo Direct?
Like what a fucking buzzkill that was like the Nintendo Directs have consistently been
botching Splatoon news.
Like, I'm just going to say it.
Yeah, the Splatoon stuff in the last direct was also like not great.
And like a Splatfest.
Who cares?
Sorry.
I mean, I'm sorry to Splatoon fans.
Of course you care, but it doesn't need to be like, are they thinking like, oh, oh, fuck,
I got to get Splatoon three because I got to fight about ice cream.
Who was this supposed to win over?
Like, I just I it was a weird thing to have in the direct.
It was a waste of time in the direct.
It was a waste of ice cream, though.
Yeah.
And it does not look like ice cream.
I'm just saying that.
So they may have missed with they may have avoided the poop thing, but unfortunately
you swung too far the other way.
And yeah, but that is coming out, I guess, July 14th.
It's going to be running through that through the 16th.
So cool.
We got news that there is going to be a new Detective Pikachu returns.
I guess that's the name of the game.
So new Detective Pikachu game.
And it looked cute.
And that is coming out on October six.
Then I mean, I guess the Detective Pikachu news is kind of exciting, but like then they
dropped the bombshell.
The first bomb.
Wait, hold on.
Before I get to the bombshell.
Yeah, I just want to say Detective Pikachu.
I was still disappointed.
It's not Danny DeVito that's doing the voice in there.
People were saying it's Will Arnett, but it's actually not Bobby went over this on his show.
It's actually the same voice actor that does Ichiban's voice, but kind of sounding inspired
by Will Arnett type of thing.
But anyway, you slice it.
It's not Danny DeVito.
And that is quite disappointing.
I'm sorry to say.
So you have that as well.
So anyway.
Okay, so Loki, this was a big one, right?
Yes.
So they announced that Super Mario RPG is getting a remaster.
And that's going to be coming out this year on November 17th.
And it looks fantastic.
That's awesome.
Yeah, it's extremely hyped for that.
This is one of those things that I really did not think this was ever going to happen.
And here we are.
And it's not just re-releasing the old Super Nintendo game, which I think plenty of people
would have been happy with.
But it looks like they have legit reconstructed it from the ground up.
There's no other way to make the game with this much graphical modernness that this game
has.
This is completely remade from the ground up, which makes me wonder if maybe they're
going to add to it or change it.
You know, it would be cool.
I think people are assuming it's going to be a quote unquote, shot for shot remake.
But why should it?
If they rebuilt this from the ground up, which they would have had to do, maybe they've
made some additions or changes.
I don't think we're going to be talking like Final Fantasy 7 remake type of thing, but
it could be DLC or something.
Yeah.
Well, careful what you wish for.
But yeah, for sure.
Because also they're going to charge full price for this.
This is going to be a $60 game.
Now, I think it's worth it.
It better not be a $70 game.
No, it's $60.
The price is already out there because you can pre-order it.
And it's eligible for the Nintendo voucher.
So if you still haven't taken advantage of the Nintendo voucher between this and the
Maybe you still need Zelda Tears of the Kingdom.
You probably have stuff to spend the voucher on.
So it's worth considering.
And remember, Costco, you can get $100 worth of credit for $90.
So if you use the Costco hack, or there might be other stores that do this, too.
But I just know of Costco.
If you use the Costco hack, you can get two games for $90.
You're taking it down to $45 a game.
That's a pretty good deal.
So along with that, they announced that there is a new Princess Peach game coming in next year.
They didn't say much about that.
And we've had a Princess Peach game before.
But it was on the DS.
And it didn't look anything like this.
So I think they're just kind of ignoring that one and making a new Princess Peach game.
Because this one, to me, it honestly looked like she had the Dressphere from Final Fantasy
X-2 to me is kind of what I saw here.
But there was very little gameplay at all in this.
You could just see maybe a little bit of the art style.
Maybe looks a little bit Paper Mario.
Just a tad.
Just a tad.
But then you definitely see that she does like, oh, transform.
And now I'm an ice princess.
But don't call me Rosalina.
It looks like a stage almost.
Like everything's a set, which is interesting.
Then Luigi's Mansion Dark Moon is being ported or remastered, I guess, as well.
So that was originally a 3DS game.
And now it's coming to the Switch.
I just want to get some quick comments from chat.
That's funny.
Orange Right says $60.
Technically the budget price now.
OK, maybe not for Nintendo yet.
Vid Power 573 is in chat.
Hello, saying Super Mario RPG was the best thing about that entire Nintendo Direct.
Many people are going to agree with you.
Honestly, that Direct could have been five minutes with just that announcement.
And people would still say it was one of the best Directs they've ever done.
Just because that's the mother load for so many people.
That's the game most people have been waiting for them to remake for a very long time.
So again, honest to God, hear me out.
If they have followed that up with, we're remaking Mother and we're releasing Mother
3 on Virtual Console, that would have literally been the Sony event where they were like Final
Fantasy 7 remake, Shenmue 3, Last Guardian.
We're giving it to everybody today.
Like, like if that if that had been the thought, like this would have been the the the
insurpassable Nintendo Direct if they had put the Mother series out there on the table as
well.
But unfortunately, that is indeed too much to ask for Mother 3.
Still, still think about it, y'all.
We're getting Super Mario RPG remade from the ground up for a modern console before
we get a fucking Virtual Console release of Mother 3.
Just a reminder.
Yeah.
So and then they had to, you know, bring down the hype, I guess.
So they announced that the Batman Arkham trilogy is coming to the Nintendo Switch.
I mean, it's a good series, but it's just, it's so old.
Yeah, it's old news.
This strategy didn't work for the Wii U.
Why should we care now?
I mean, exactly.
They did that last time.
They brought out the Batman Arkham stuff for the Wii U and it was like super late too.
And it's, yeah, the armored edition.
Cool.
Okay.
Gloomhaven.
It's a dungeon crawler game that's coming September 18th.
So like kind of neat.
Also, another game that I didn't need to see a trailer for, but they announced it anyways.
Again, Just Dance 2024.
What?
It's coming to the Switch?
I never knew that.
Like, it's every year, but they're just like, no, hey, there's another one.
Yay.
Then there was some more RPGs.
We had Silent Hope, which looks interesting.
And Fae Farm, which is a fantasy farming game, and that's coming out on September 8th.
The new Hot Wheels Unleashed game, Turbo Charge, is coming out in October.
And that looks pretty cool because the first one is actually pretty sweet as well.
Manic Mechanics, kind of a fun little, like, I think it's like a co-op game.
And we had Mario and Rabbids Sparks of Hope DLC, which this is shown during the Ubisoft
event as well with Rayman in it as well.
So that's going to be out, I think, later this year.
Dragon Quest Monsters, The Dark Prince, is coming in December.
And that one's been new game.
I think it's been out for a long time in Japan.
It's one of those things where it's like we're finally getting it after a very long
time type of thing.
Let's see.
So then we got yet another trailer or extended look at Pikmin four.
I'm just so glad that this game is coming out so I don't have to see it again.
Like it's been shown so many times, but there's a demo that's coming out later this week
and it's releasing July 21st.
Thank God.
This is kind of neat.
So Metal Gear Solid Master Collection volume one that has Metal Gear Solid, Metal Gear
Solid 2 Sons of Liberty and Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater is coming to the Switch.
And that's on October 24th.
I did not realize that this was also in Sony's press event because I was texting somebody
and I was like, Oh my God, this looks incredible.
And they were like, it was the same thing they showed at Sony's event.
I was like, Oh, well, Sony did theirs while I was working, so I didn't see everything.
So I'm very excited about this collection.
But you know what makes me like, here's the thing.
It's one thing to have all those Metal Gear games, which looks great.
But did you notice that the MSX version of Metal Gear, as well as the MSX version of
the real Metal Gear two in English are in this collection?
Yeah, that's pretty.
That's all I need.
That is literally all I need.
I don't need anything else.
I'm so excited about those games coming out.
Dark Sakura, you know the Metal Gear MSX stuff.
Surely you've got to be excited to see this coming out too.
I'm excited about this.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know that.
Well, I mean, we've already played through the MSX ones.
Yeah, it was a bonus disc for like Metal Gear Solid 3, something like that.
Well, I'm referring to MSX emulators.
Oh, yeah.
Well, yeah, there's that too.
Yeah.
But it's nice that it's coming in this collection and not in a collector's edition type of thing.
So, yeah, that's really exciting.
Yeah, that'll be neat.
Yes, yes.
Anyway, sorry, Loki, but I had to put that out there.
I was as excited about that as some of you were about the Mario RPG thing, which I'm
excited about too.
Don't get me wrong.
Yeah.
Vampire Survivors is going to be coming to the Switch.
It may make sense.
It's done well.
Kind of surprised it wasn't already there, honestly.
Yeah, exactly.
There is a game called Headbanger's Rhythm Royale, which features a bunch of pigeons
and you have to move their heads and do stuff in time.
It's kind of like a party game slash it almost reminds me a little bit of Fall Guys, but
not with like obstacle courses.
So you're just kind of competing different mini games and getting eliminated as you go
along, which is kind of cool.
Can I quickly just say this comment from chat?
VidPower573 says, surprise, they're including the NES Snakes Revenge game in the collection,
the game that Hideo Kojima didn't approve of back in the day.
Kojima's no longer with Konami.
They don't give a hoot what he thinks at this point.
So I think that's an incentive for Konami.
Honestly, I think it's one of those things where if they hadn't, it's a really easy thing
to include.
And if they hadn't included it, they probably would have gotten crap.
I also wonder, I'm assuming there would be a Japanese version of this release as well.
And so it's kind of the opposite for them where it's like, it's the first time.
Well, it's not really the first time we're getting the MSX games, but for many people,
I wonder if it's the first time Japan gets to see Snakes Revenge officially, not that
they should care.
But you know, it's kind of one of those.
Oh, now I get-
It's not a bad game, actually.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Go back.
Go back.
Think back.
When the game came out, there wasn't really anything else too much like it, you know?
I suppose.
It had good music.
It had solid gameplay.
Yes, it wasn't an official Metal Gear Solid 2, but it was a pretty decent game and people
shit on it now because, oh, it's not the real sequel.
Meh.
No, no, no, no, no.
Go back and actually watch a playthrough of it.
It has some really solid music.
It's not a bad game by any means.
Well, you'll have the chance to-
Why watch a playthrough?
You can play it yourself pretty soon.
Yeah, why play it when I could just watch a playthrough?
All right.
Anyway, sorry, Logan.
Then we have a game called Penny's Big Breakaway.
It's a colorful platformer with lots of penguins.
That looks pretty cool.
We got some news regarding the next boost course pass.
Wave 5 for Mario Kart 8.
And they showed off a brand new track that was inside of a bathroom.
And they also have new players, new characters, I guess, coming to the game as well.
So we have Wiggler and Kamek from Mario Kart Tour and also the Piranha Plant from Mario Kart 7.
I don't remember which one it was.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
Mario Kart 7 had Wiggler and Kamek and Mario-
Kamek's from Mario Kart Tour.
Wiggler's from Mario Kart 7.
Don't remember where the Piranha Plant thing was from.
One of them.
I think those are the two new ones or three new ones.
Star Ocean Second Story R is getting a 2.5D remake.
This is a big deal.
Yeah, that looked pretty cool.
Let's see.
This was sweet.
We're getting a new WarioWare game.
So WarioWare movement.
Can I say just quickly, though, about the Star Ocean remake?
It very much looks like that same engine for Octopath, Triangle Strategy,
this to me looks like it was built in that same engine.
I mean, it doesn't look exactly the same, but it definitely like it's that same style
of like the pixel art on the rendered backgrounds.
And so this very much bodes well for continuing remakes over at Square Enix for some of these.
The more and more of these that come out, the more I go, you know what?
Chrono Trigger isn't out of the question.
I don't want to set the bar too high, but Chrono Trigger is not out of the question.
Even just Star Ocean two is huge for a lot of people.
The fact that that's coming.
So anyway, sorry, Logie.
Yeah, so like pretty cool WarioWare move.
It is going to be a brand new WarioWare game using motion controls.
And I mean, they had me in the first half.
Exactly.
Like I love WarioWare, but the games looked ridiculous.
I'm not I mean, it's something for kids.
That's what I'm chalking it up to.
That's fine.
Not everything for Nintendo has to be for me.
And then we had the last bit of like, eh, it's news.
They tease Nintendo Live Seattle 2023, where you can go check out stuff in person.
That's going to be September 1st and they're open registration
or they already have open registration for that.
And then, of course, new me, both for Tears of the Kingdom.
So Zelda and Gendorf.
And then they ended with a brand new 2D Mario game, Super Mario Brothers Wonder.
Finally.
And it looks awesome and is coming out in October.
Yeah, the new 2D Mario look great.
It had an elephant.
Mario is now like the new thing everybody's leeching on to.
Like, you know, you had cat Mario and then you had a tanuki suit Mario.
You know, there's always like some new Mario suit that people go wild for.
And now Elephant Mario is the new one.
It looks it looks neat.
The game itself.
I didn't think the trailer made it look it looked weird to me.
I feel like it'll look better in long form gameplay than it did in the trailer to me.
I mean, I love 2D Mario games, so I'll pick it up regardless.
But yeah, I mean, it looks pretty amazing.
I'm surprised it took them this long with the movie, but maybe this is something they
were trying to get out with the movie.
And for whatever reason, be it, you know, pandemic went on longer, you know, technically
still going, but, you know, lockdowns went on longer than anyone could thought of or
whatever.
I don't know if it was just a miscalculation on that part, but it is nice to see that it's
happening.
Also nice to see now what Nintendo is doing with their holiday, because remember when
they were trying to make us believe they're not doing anything this holiday?
I was like, that is not true.
I don't believe that for one damn minute.
And so now, OK, here we go.
Mario RPG, a new 2D Mario.
OK, now we're getting a bigger picture as well as like what they're actually working
on for the holiday.
And that's that's pretty cool to see.
Some folks also out there on the Internet believe that that was not Charles Martinet
voicing Mario in the trailer, which is.
Leading to a lot of interesting thoughts.
Sorry, I heard a thud, thud, thud, and it's just Cheddar trying to open one of our cabinets
because he's a little brat.
You know what?
I hear that with Midna trying to open doors and cabinets by head butting them.
She understands physics.
What the hell is that?
Thud noise is like the neighbor banging on the wall.
No, it's just Cheddar trying to open a cabinet off, off cam.
All right.
Oh, you got this Cheddar.
Alan just overheard what I was saying.
Alan went and.
Threatened him with a finger and Cheddar ran away.
This Cheddar is a scaredy cat.
OK, the dark tattoo says, yeah, my wife's cat will do that.
She'll hide in the cabinets.
Dude, if if Cheddar gets in the cabinet, I don't think he's going to be able to have
the physical energy to push himself out.
I don't know.
Maybe he will, but I just I worry he'll get in there and he'll be like, oh, no.
How did I get in here?
How do I get out?
Anyway.
All right.
What else?
Oh, Charles Martinet may not be the voice of Mario.
Maybe this is all alleged, but some people are, you know, sleuthing the trailer.
I have a couple of thoughts about that.
I feel like Nintendo may be realizing that that the voice of Mario cannot just be wahoo,
and all this for a while.
And they have to maybe because of the movie, they're going to have to look at how can Mario
speak in full sentences in the games.
And so they may be looking to recast the voice actor for that reason.
I do not think a certain crispy rodent will be doing the voice at the video game level,
but they'll probably get someone to emulate him, just like, you know, we were talking
about Detective Pikachu and who are who it may or may not be emulating.
Um, and here's the other thing.
What's the condition of his voice?
Yeah.
I was going to say Charles Martinet is also in his late sixties.
And if he wants to have a beautiful retirement, he's earned every minute of it.
If he wants to just go around to conventions and collect money for signing autographs and
doing selfies, that is his fucking right at this point.
So I think we also have to, yeah, there's
June four eight went well into her, you know, nineties.
True.
True.
But, um, you know, there's, but, but she, she won it.
Well, didn't she have a break for a while?
A long while.
And then she kind of came back.
Yeah, off and on.
I mean, I think she was just doing it as she could.
Yeah.
I mean, Charles Martinet may come back for a Mario multiverse.
Well, and again, we're assuming he's gone.
He might not be, but people, you know, the internet's doing its thing.
And I think we do need to kind of realize the Mario movie may have changed some things
and just the evolving technology may have decided to have an impact on the directorial
approach to Mario.
So I'm just trying to prepare everyone for the fact that Charles Martinet may not be
associated with Mario moving forward, but obviously he will always be the voice of Mario
to many of us in our hearts.
But, you know, he joined, he joins a legacy of many awesome Mario's, um, including, you
know, captain Lou, you know, any, many other people that have voiced him in the past.
But, um, you know, anyway.
I mean, think about how many of the modern, you know, cartoons out there where they've
had people, um, you know, new voice actors in the role because someone's died or retired.
I mean, think of how many cartoons had replaced, uh, character voices when Casey Kasem died.
I mean, he was a lot of Transformers voices.
He, um, was, uh, uh, Shaggy, wasn't he?
Yeah, he was Shaggy.
So, yeah.
But now they got Matthew Lillard to do it, so.
Which is, he's fantastic too.
Yeah.
But I mean, I'm just, I'm just saying there's, there's even, you know, modern, you know, mouse.
Well, yeah, I think about, um, not, not because the person died at the time.
Unfortunately, they're no longer with us now, but I think about Aladdin and how Robin Williams
did it in the movie, but then for the sequel, and I think there was a TV show, uh, Dan Castaneda,
I think is his name.
The guy that does Homer Simpson.
Homer.
Yeah.
Does the voice.
No, it's a good, yeah.
Like it was, it was, it was a great job.
Like it almost like it's a talented voice actor.
Yeah.
It was jarring at first, but then like, as you watch the show, you just got used to it and it's
like, Oh, and then you go back and watch the original movie.
Like, Oh wait, that's jarring now.
Like that's weird.
But yeah, he did a great job.
Yeah.
So, you know, that's, that's my thought is they're probably going to get someone to give a more,
uh, crisp rodent type of approach to the character that you saw in the movie
to try to bring those universes a little tighter together,
especially because the movie's getting a sequel.
Like, no question.
No, we're getting a sequel to the movie period.
Uh, the movie did too damn well for us not to.
Um, so the, and you know, you know, obviously these things are planned years in advance,
but I think Nintendo probably took a safe bet that this was going to be a universe
to build on for a long time.
So anyway, some talk about Matthew Lillard and chat, uh, fix, fix.
He is actually saying Matthew is no longer shaggy.
He was replaced for the newer scoop movie.
Uh, and then some folks pointing out that Matthew Lillard will continue to be booked
and blessed anyway, because he's in the five nights universe now with that movie coming out.
So, uh, it's yeah, but I just, I just happened roles change.
He's such a, like a good actor as well.
Like my wife, once again, really into like horrible, um, dramas, uh, but she used to
watch a lot of, Oh God, what was it now?
Good girls.
And Matthew Lillard was in there.
He played a character named Dean who is absolutely hated because he was just like such a,
he wasn't a horrible character, but he was, he's a, he's a weak male character in the
show type of thing.
But like out of like all the cast, like he's like the most humble and the most like approachable
and just overall genuinely nice guy.
Yeah.
So, uh, he was in twin peaks, uh, the, the reboot, uh, twin peaks, 21 years.
What was the name of the reboot?
Not season three.
Oh, the return twin peaks, the return.
He was in that for like one or two episodes.
He wasn't in it very long, but he was in that too.
So yeah, he's, he gets around.
Good guy.
All right.
Anyway, back to the Nintendo direct.
Uh, how did you feel about it overall?
I thought I, I actually watched it live.
While I did emails, cause I didn't have any calls that early, thankfully, but I did emails
on one screen.
I was kind of like watching the other and I was like, dang, dang, you know, like it was,
it was definitely an E3 level presentation.
I mean, there was a lot of filler, but there was a lot of, there was a lot of tent pole
announcements to justify it too, you know?
And in the sense that like, again, for me, I don't really give a hoot about Pikmin 4,
but I realized that is someone else's tent pole game.
Um, and that's cool.
So yeah, there was like, they did have some something for everyone.
Not that I don't like Pikmin 4, it's just that they've, I've seen it so much.
They're like, they're, they're getting to no man's sky type of level of showing that
game off.
Like, and then they'll probably still be another full direct for it.
Of course.
And then there's going to be the DLC and stuff.
It's like, I just like, I don't care about Pikmin that much.
Like, just stop showing it to me.
That's the thing is like, I get it.
I know what's coming out, but like, chill, please.
The Pikmin game I do play regularly, Pikmin Bloom has already announced that they're
going to do a tie in event as well.
But they're just repeating what they already did for Pikmin 3.
When that released.
Oh yeah.
And then Pikmin 1 and 2 are out.
So at least if you are a Pikmin fan, like every game is on the Switch now.
That's not the mobile game.
So that's neat.
It is nice to have everything on one platform.
So all right.
Um, let's move on.
That was a lot of news, but it was a, it was a good, uh, it was a good direct chock full
of a lot of stuff that there's something in there you're looking forward to.
There was something in there you're looking forward to.
If not Mario RPG, then maybe Star Ocean, you know, or Metal Gear collection or something
you're looking forward to in that, that, um, direct.
Okay.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks, the types of video games that we have been playing this
week while we wait for all these other games to come out.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Um, I played, uh, Dead by Daylight, of course playing the, um, the seventh anniversary
business, um, which is, is pretty fun stuff.
Still a lot of stinky killers, but I was doing some offline play with Fixie and with Shayla
and, um, and I was having fun.
Of course I played Midnight Suns last night.
Um, you know, cause honestly enough, that's like my, my break from everything.
It's the end of my work week.
I need to do something that I can just whatever on.
Um, so, so yeah, I played that last night.
And of course, uh, I did not play Cult of the Lamb.
I actually did not stream on Juneteenth because that's not my day.
It, it was a day to focus on our, uh, our, uh, by POC folks.
And so I didn't stream on that day.
Um, also been playing my stupid word scapes game because I'm an addict and a word nerd
and it was great.
And, um, yeah.
But of course I played pinball because I played pinball.
So that's it.
All right.
Oh, and Dan played, Dan was playing BurgerTime.
Hey, that's a good choice.
I got a BurgerTime machine behind me.
It's a good choice of game to play.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your game week?
Uh, I mean, I played Minecraft.
What?
You never play that.
I know it's a shock.
I, yeah, let's just like constantly do that.
No, I took time off to play more Minecraft actually.
Um, didn't get as much done as I wanted to though.
Cause I was trying to get a jump on content creation for the week.
I did put out my episode earlier this week though, which I did a lot in already.
And you know, I'm still working on the two last areas, the two last robot masters.
So I have stuff like for that, I built another, um, or I will be building a another giant,
uh, mega man to enemy.
So there'll be another one of those.
Um, so I did finish that and then, uh, just to try and figure out what I want to put in
some of these areas, it's, it's as the end of the season is getting closer, it is harder.
I am getting to that creativity, uh, burnout.
Well, it's just, I guess, uh, some of this, cause the initial concept for all the robot
masters, they didn't really have like a strong, like, Oh, here's what I want to do for all of
them.
So some of them it's like, Whoa, what do I do for this?
I don't know.
Like in it's kind of sitting there for days until finally something clicks and then you
just build it.
Um, so I'm kind of in that mode right now where like I am building frog man's area,
which is in the swamp.
So there's, you know, uh, I built a Willow tree that looks cool that I'm going to be
decorating stuff with, um, and did some like, uh, paths and stuff, but like, I don't know
like what structures to build there.
I was like, thought about, Oh, cause it's kind of slime based stuff.
So like, uh, not sewage, but like a toxic waste processing plant or something like that.
But that kind of looks like the same stuff that I have on in another area as well.
So I was like, I don't know if I want to do that.
So I'm just going back and forth, figuring out what I'm going to do for that.
Hopefully I get past that hurdle pretty soon.
And then the last bit is going to be Wiley's castle, which at least that I know what that
is.
I mean, that that's pretty easy.
Um, so yeah, wrapping things up there a little bit.
Um, I did, I was hoping to get it this week, but I haven't gotten it yet.
I ordered a, um, because Facebook keeps advertising to me this nonsense.
They have all these like wood kits that you can buy to build things.
Um, and they kind of like a slot together.
So this one is a wooden pinball machine.
It's like a tabletop, like, I don't know, 12, 18 inch machine that actually has the,
all the electronics for it and everything.
So that's gonna be fun.
I can't wait to put that together and, uh, play a little bit of pinball with that.
Nice.
It's circus theme that has a circus.
Thankfully, the circus music can be turned off.
They put a switch in.
Thank you manufacturers for doing that because that would have been irritating, but yeah,
it'll be neat to kind of put that together.
Cool.
All right.
Uh, well, that's it for your gaming week.
Then my gaming week, um, I continued to play Diablo four, uh, still in the end game for
that.
Uh, so it was playing that a little bit.
I was even playing some dead by daylight, uh, a little bit, especially with the, uh, anniversary
event having just started, you know, I got to make sure I get some cakes, uh, that I
can use year round on one of my characters.
So there was that as well.
Um, but obviously if you know me and you've been paying any attention over the last few
weeks, you know, that the day final fantasy 16 came out, I've been on board with that
a hundred percent.
I've been playing that since, uh, the demo kind of picking that up from the demo, um,
and continuing on with the game.
So obviously I'm not done yet, but I've, I've sunk a good, I don't know, maybe 12 hours
into it.
It's, it's literally all on actually at this point, YouTube, because I've been doing something
I don't usually do.
So when I usually stream narrative games, I'll stream the main quest and I'll play side
quests off stream.
But what I'm doing is that I'm still recording myself doing side quests and I'm putting it
on YouTube.
So all of my gameplay is over on YouTube.
Um, over on my, my personal channel there, Rob Roberts plays, don't just go to Rob Roberts
cause that's somebody that sells guns, go to Rob Roberts plays.
And that's my YouTube channel and I have my full 16 play through, or of course you can
follow me on Twitch on there.
So I'm still in progress with the game.
I obviously I'm going to make sure I keep it spoiler free.
I'm not going to do that to you.
Um, but you know, I've, I've been going through some very key elements of the story just finished.
I will say a story mission where I got the prompt that said, you are about to do a pivotal
story in the game and, uh, you will only be able to do certain things from here.
Uh, the type of warning you would get in Final Fantasy 14 before a major quest.
So there were, there was that.
So, um, yeah, I, I I've been exploring the game and, um, I do still really like it.
I do think what's happened.
And I think this is actually very clever on their part.
They really front loaded a lot of the story, meaning that two hour demo or the prologue
or the early years of Clive, as it were, uh, that they released as that demo 10 days ago
was very stacked with story and stuff.
Because when you start the retail game, after that point, the pacing slows way down to what
you would expect in a more traditional RPG, which is let's go find the hub.
Let's explain these systems.
Let's go through some of these maps that are a little bit linear while we're still explaining
and laying the groundwork for the Y and all this.
It's not bad, but it's a real jarring, like pacing shift from what happens in that demo.
It does start to pick back up and there are some more story moments that kick in.
You do get it's, it is not, even though some of the early levels, you'll start to be like,
Oh no, we've got Final Fantasy 13 syndrome going on here where the maps are very tunnel-y.
They, they do, they fix that real quick.
And you do get some really big open maps, more like you might see in something like
Final Fantasy 14, again, is a really good mold for what you get here.
It's like a single-player Final Fantasy 14 game.
But I also understand now playing through this, why Final Fantasy and Square Enix, you know,
and why they're having this crisis about should we even number Final Fantasy games anymore?
Because the series has taken a big shift from the earlier turn-based RPGs.
Now, unlike some of the articles I've been reading out there on the internet, which do
not make sense to me.
And I start to wonder, have some journalists played a Final Fantasy game before?
Have you watched the show Tamar?
Like, it's very that like, have some of you journalists played a Final Fantasy game before?
Because 16 is not the first time that the game went action-based combat.
That, that's, that's actually what everyone was ticked off about in 15, the last Final
Fantasy game that came out.
I assure you, the combat in 16, way better, light years better than Final Fantasy 15.
It's, it's very satisfying to control and the accessories that you can do and all that
really help you be able to skill the fights down to what you want.
But it does take a lot of the quintessential turn-based elements.
Casting magic is different.
It's there, but it's different.
Limit breaks are there, but they're different.
So it's that the fact that it is a little war rooted in action is going to, you know,
rub some people the wrong way.
But this is a direction the franchise has slowly been moving in since Final Fantasy
11.
11 was the first one that got rid of turns.
They had to because it was a live MMO.
And then some of that was incorporated into 12.
12 didn't have turns.
And then even in 13, yeah, you, you kind of had the more turns, but it's still, you were
setting up things at a time and it was still playing out live.
13 was them kind of trying to marry the two a little bit.
But then, you know, ever since then, it's been a little more action-based.
But I understand that the series has departed a little bit from what it used to be.
And that's going to rub some people the wrong way.
I understand.
But I still think the game stands on its own as a solid game.
But I understand, you know, it's been a journey from Final Fantasy 1.
And it's not a journey everyone wants to follow.
Now, I understand that series like Octopath Traveler, Bravely Default.
There's other series out there for folks that missed that.
But I understand that there's people that want to see that rooted in Final Fantasy.
That all being said, if you look at the Final Fantasy series as having always been a trailblazer
series of sorts, you know, like with things like the active time battle and things playing
out a little more live, you know, like it did in Final Fantasy 4.
And, you know, the gambit system and some of the things that, you know, Final Fantasy
has really changed the game.
And, you know, you kind of look at this as just the series continuing to evolve.
I think it is.
I think it is really neat.
I think it's good.
The story, again, heavy adult themes.
Some people are going to be really thrown.
Um, but it's holding up.
The story is very interesting.
I thought at first it was getting a little predictable, but then they kind of did a gotcha
type of moment.
And I was like, oh, okay, interesting.
I guess the only maybe small drawback I would have is that I have noticed that some of the
dungeons get a little like I was in a dungeon.
I was even on stream and I was kind of commenting like, okay, I'm ready to be done with this
and to advance the plot.
Because I feel like I'm doing trash, trash miniboss, trash, trash, and it starts to fall
into that dangerous pattern from 14, which is something that 14 has been criticized about
is that a lot of 14 is very formulaic, especially when it comes to the end game dungeons.
Every single one of them, trash pack, trash pack, first boss, trash pack, they're all
the same.
They all look great.
They all sound great.
They all have different mechanics.
But there's a certain formula that they have a hard time breaking.
And I'm a little worried 16 may fall victim to some of that.
But that isn't as hard of a read on the game as you might think.
I actually think there's a lot again, the combat for me not playing a lot of these type
of action games.
It's really fucking satisfying.
And the way you weave in and out abilities like, oh, you're doing Phoenix's move and
then you swap to a different icon like instantly you're doing their moves and swapping again.
It's really satisfying and feels really good.
So I'm excited to see from here where the story keeps going.
But the early hours have really pulled me in.
That's for sure.
SSG100Matt says if OLR is 21 and old enough to drink, Final Fantasy 16 is sneaking into
its first R-rated movie.
Well, what's interesting about that, and I was reminded on Twitter, one of our listeners,
Ziba, hi, if you're listening, reminded me on Twitter, hey, actually 16 was not the first
game where they were killing chocobos.
Do you remember Final Fantasy Type Zero?
And I was like, oh, yeah, I do remember that game.
I didn't like it, but it did have the adult themes were kind of in that game too.
And it was another one of those like war type of games.
I think the battle in that I did not like the battle system in that game, but it's interesting.
Why couldn't I mean, I'm glad it wasn't, but why couldn't Final Fantasy Type Zero have
been a mainline game?
Why couldn't Stranger of Paradise Final Fantasy Origin have been a Final Fantasy one part
zero game?
Like these, it is interesting.
And the Final Fantasy team is having a crisis of and why does Final Fantasy 13 versus get
upgraded to Final Fantasy 15?
Well, that's because long development time, but like I was going to say, why don't they
why don't they just have spin off series like they did with like a dragon, you know,
where they had that it was its own, which is a term based action game, you know, and
that's amazing.
And that did well.
And you can have narrative and stuff.
So you can have your KD too.
You can make your action games for the folks that like action stuff, and then you make
your traditional Final Fantasy games for the people like the traditional stuff.
And then you can even go in the middle and make something, you know, kind of a little
bit of each.
But like, I don't I don't really buy into like the excuse that, well, you know, a lot
of people just nowadays they don't like term based stuff because they didn't grow up with
it and blah, blah, blah.
It's like, yeah, but like.
I don't think that people aren't playing like some of the classic RPGs because they're
turn based.
I and I yeah, I also disagree.
Now, while I'm fine with the choice that they made in 16 to do what they do with the battle
system, I'm fine with it.
Yeah, that comment is very short sighted of like Dungeons and Dragons is bigger than ever.
Thanks to the pandemic and, you know, podcasting as well.
Like I would say more kids today know Dungeons and Dragons than probably when we were all
kids.
I mean, sure.
Of course, D&D was the thing.
We were all kids.
Most of us played it.
But I mean, just in the popular lexicon and how many people play it and are exposed to
it, I would actually argue it's more today.
So don't tell me people don't know turn based RPGs.
That's a lie.
Well, it's also the same argument that they tried to make before where they said single
player games are popular anymore.
And then, like, well, that came all their life.
Service game item.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
And all it's like, that's not true at all.
Like, and then they have the eat crow on that as well.
But I mean, obviously, the reason they made that argument the first was because they want
to go live service so they can monetize the crap out of it.
They're like, Well, see, you guys wanted this.
It's like, no, no, no one did.
And that's the thing, too, with Final Fantasy 16 is I think a lot of it, it could be almost
like you're changing it so much that you're going to lose the people that were like kind
of fans of Final Fantasy to begin with.
And that's kind of the thing, too.
For me, like even with a 15, like it was so radically different than, you know, maybe
like not as radically different as 13, but like it was different enough to where like
I didn't stick with it.
And normally, like I will finish all of those Final Fantasy games.
But that was like one of the first ones that in type zero that I didn't really want to
finish.
And that's why I was kind of like, well, aside from the fact it's on PlayStation five and
I don't own a PlayStation five, that's the only reason I'd hesitate on Final Fantasy
16.
And and like even the review that I watched from a reviewer that I respect, didn't like
the game.
And they didn't like it because that it felt like there was very little in the sense of
gameplay and a ton of cut scenes, like 75% of the game is cut scenes, which there are
better ways to like tell your story and have cut scenes incorporated with that.
But I would be curious, what did that what did that reviewer think of persona then?
They like persona.
Okay, so so so so I'm sorry, but that's that do you see where I'm like that they just
contradicted themselves.
Right.
I think though, that in this sense, it was more of like, you know, you can have cut scenes
that are like kind of like God of War, for example, God of War has story cut scenes that
are in the gameplay.
It's not just like, okay, I'm doing game and stop.
And now you got to watch cut scene.
You know, it's your interacting with it, you it's it's told in a dynamic way that doesn't
interrupt the gameplay flow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
Like I think the cut scenes are fine as for a Final Fantasy game.
I'm not bothered with it because I feel like all like all Final Fantasy games since like
seven fuck even like four and six and five had like very long sequences where you weren't
doing anything.
I mean, probably not as bad in the Super Nintendo era, but especially when you started
getting to seven.
And so that like the cut scenes are like a mainstay in it.
And you know, you're kind of there for the story.
But I mean, I can see where maybe some of my complaints about how some of the formulaic
layout and then you combine that with the cut scene.
I can see where some people can maybe like get a little irritated with that, you know,
so, you know, again, I'm not saying this game is perfect.
I'm not even I'm actually at this point, not sure it's going to be my favorite Final
Fantasy game, but it's going to be in the top half.
I could I, you know, I'm not through.
I may be 40% of the way through the game.
I already know this is better than 15.
It's better than eight.
Sorry, not sorry.
It's better than two.
It's better than like the bottom tier of Final Fantasy for me.
It's better than it's certainly better than 14 original version, which is the worst Final
Fantasy game.
So 16 will absolutely be in the top half of the ranking.
I'm just not sure exactly where yet for me.
But I think, yeah, it's there's a lot of good stuff in there.
But I'm curious to see where the story ends up going.
I have I've seen that there is criticism about that the story apparently takes a turn at
some point, and that the back half of the game was not as exciting as the front half
of the game.
I've heard that.
But I'm going to draw my own conclusion on that.
And because, you know, again, critics, I don't know, they don't always see it the same way
I do.
So we'll see.
All right.
That was my gaming week.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Quickly, though, I want to just do some quick housekeeping things.
I want to give a shout out to the Dragon Con digital media track because earlier this week
on the 20th, I was able to moderate a virtual LGBTQIA kind of panel discussion with some
other content creators over there on the Dragon Con digital media track.
That was really cool.
It will be archived on YouTube soon.
I don't think it's there yet, but I'll post the link on socials when that's up.
But I just wanted to acknowledge and thank the folks that participated with that and
the Dragon Con digital media track for doing that.
Speaking of things to do in Atlanta, we will not be here the week of July 30th because
I will be in Atlanta.
I'm going to be at the Southern Fried Gaming Expo.
I keep forgetting they changed their name a few years ago.
But I will be there at that expo to help them celebrate their 10th anniversary.
I'm very excited about it.
I'm looking forward to being there.
My picture is even on the website as somebody that's going.
So that's really fun.
I was very happy to see that.
That's always a fun thing to do.
So I look forward to joining you all in Atlanta twice this year.
Once for SFGE and once for Dragon Con.
But unfortunately, because of that traveling, there won't be a show that weekend.
But that's like a month away.
But just warning you all.
Okay, let's get into some news.
We'll probably, since the front half of the show is really long tonight, I'm probably
going to accelerate our pacing on these stories a little bit.
But I know there's some things we want to talk about still.
So, Loki.
Yeah, this is kind of a minor story.
But the Game Pass prices are rising, apparently.
So and including the Xbox Series X will also be increased worldwide.
They're saying that the Game Pass is going to be going up from, I guess it's not a lot.
It's like a buck or so.
So from $10 to $11 worldwide and the Game Pass ultimate is going up from $15 to $17.
And Microsoft, of course, says, you know, we've held our prices for consoles for many
years and adjusted the prices to reflect the competitive conditions in each market.
And these Game Pass price adjustments are not related to the Activision Blizzard deal
and are intended to match our local market conditions.
So they're saying that the Xbox Series X will remain $500 in the US, but it's going up to
550 euro in Europe, $650 Canadian in Canada and $800 Australian in Australia.
That's beginning August 1st.
The Game Pass pricing is going into effect July 6th, so right around the corner.
Hmm.
So stock up on that year of Game Pass if you want to get in at the lower price or whatever.
So I mean, we kind of knew the Game Pass price was going to go up eventually, but I just
feel like I don't think Game Pass has had quite as strong of a year as previous years.
I feel like a lot has been delisted from the service and they're adding new things, but
it's not they're not really getting the big, big names.
I think Starfield is good.
That's you know, I know I'm very happy about that.
And there'll be some other big names too, but I'll pay it.
You know, it's still a great deal and so forth, but it's just one of those like, oh, it's
just the timing of now.
It's like, oh man, if only the Activision merger could finish and they could add all
those games too, then I think it gives them really the bandwidth to really up, which they'll
probably do again once that happens, quite honestly.
But we'll see.
We'll see what happens because that merger may not happen, but we'll get to that news
later.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about one of those big Activision games, Diablo 4 out of Blizzard.
People now that more and more people are finishing the main story, people are looking forward
to the seasonal content.
At some point in July, Diablo 4 seasons will begin and it's getting some pushback because
the seasonal content is going to require players to complete a new character.
It was talked about in a blog.
Well, actually the blog post didn't talk about it.
And then on Twitter, Rod Ferguson responded to somebody, I think it's, I'm going to just
bite my tongue, but I just don't think this person usually contributes great articles.
But anyway, saying that you will, yes, to take part in the seasonal quest line, mechanics,
season journey and battle pass, you will need to create a new seasonal character playing
campaign with seasonal character will also progress the season journey and battle pass.
And people are not happy about it.
Saying, as a new player, I don't see myself grinding like this again, if I have to start
from scratch, I'm likely done maining Diablo.
And I know a ton of people in the same boat.
I'm sorry, why the fuck are you maining Diablo and going so far to say that if you didn't
play Diablo two or three, where this was the exact same way it worked.
This isn't news.
Diablo has always done a level read.
That's what seasons are all about.
So I'm trying to like figure out like, why are people so weird about this when it's literally
always been this way?
And my only thought is because of that open world, really strong narrative structure of
Diablo four, people are really worried about having to play it all over again.
But they've already said, if you've played through the main story already, then when
you do seasons, the map is unlocked, the Lilith statues are unlocked, you don't have to do
that again.
You just get that on your seasonal character and you can level however you want, which
is how you leveled seasonal characters in three and then to remastered when they went
back and did that.
I really failed to see the problem here.
And this is one of those headlines that again is being copy pasted like wildfire.
And I don't understand the hysteria around it, but I'm pretty passionate about Diablo.
It's no no secret around here, but I just it's it's silly.
It's it's non non news to me.
Pirate pound town and chat says, Yeah, this is just bandwagon gamers jumping into Diablo
without knowing what Diablo is.
That's what it's.
So when somebody says I'm maining Diablo, you didn't put a lot of research into that
before you did it.
Now, did you?
Because that's that sounds like a content creator saying that.
And I'm like, do your homework before you declare that you are the world's definitive
Diablo streamer.
Like, obviously, maybe I'm exaggerating a little bit, but that's just that comment just
comes from a place of, do you watch the show Tamar?
Anyway, let's move on to other news.
Dark Sakura, why don't you talk about a completely different game for us?
Well, for anyone who is a fan of the original chocobo racing, there is now chocobo GP.
And it's not going to nickel dime you for making any progress in there.
And it has a new eShop store page that shows that it's like a rerelease on the switch
for June 15th.
It's going to have some neat little stuff in there.
I'm sorry, I can make words happen, I promise.
But basically, this is it really got bad reviews before, partly because of the paywalls
and the grind and all of that.
So now it's just going to be open.
You also will get extra experience points.
Well, sorry, they did do extra experience points as sort of an apology for that.
But now this one is pretty much going to be, they're not going to do any big updates,
no new characters.
And yeah, so the rerelease is going for about 50 bucks.
But this is, yeah, just you can transfer your previous save to the rerelease version.
Just by buying it as an upgrade DLC for the light version.
And then there you go.
Yeah.
And Mike Deft in chat saying this is what it should have been from the start.
Dark Tetsuya is saying, I don't know, I got to say the ship has sailed on this one.
They should have done it this way from the get go instead of charging 40 bucks for a
free to play game.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I'm with all of you.
Like this is definitely them going back and going like, whoops, this is how we should
have done it from the beginning.
And for all intents and purposes, it's probably too damn late.
But it is interesting and rare to see a game company do that and try to be like, oops,
let's relaunch this game the way the fans are saying we should have done it in the first
place.
It is rare to see that.
I just don't know if I'm interested anymore.
I have been interested since Chocobo racing.
Yeah, yeah, I loved Chocobo racing.
I didn't love Chocobo GP when I played it.
And I think, admittedly, the whole micro transaction system was a part of what left the huge taste
of my mouth.
But honestly, do I care enough to go back and now play a full retail price for the game?
Nah.
Nah, I'm over it.
Which is a bummer.
I mean, there are people out there who are very happy about it.
And I'm glad for them.
Yeah, and my dad says I care.
Yeah.
Yeah, our opinion is not necessarily the definitive.
People are burned by different fires.
Yeah.
And to be fair with what Dark Tetsuya says, maybe if it went on sale, I could go, yeah,
like when that game comes down to $20, because inevitably it will come down to $20 and I'm
willing to play that waiting game.
I'll probably pick it up then.
I'll pick it up for $20.
But I'm not going to pay, you know, for, yeah, what it should have been the first time.
So anyway, let's move on.
Loki.
Yeah.
So there's more drama still with the whole Activision Blizzard acquisition and Sony PlayStation
along with that as well.
So now this is a little bit that came out about Jim Ryan and some of his private remarks
regarding the acquisition deal that was going in place.
You may remember that Sony has made the argument that if that they don't believe that Microsoft
will make good on their promise to keep Call of Duty multi platform in public, they say
that at least Jim Ryan, however, in a private email that was shared, apparently with the
court, said it's not an exclusivity play at all.
It says they're thinking bigger than that, and they have the cash to make the moves like
this.
I spent a fair bit of time with Phil Spencer and Bobby Kojic over the past day, and I'm
pretty sure we will continue to see Call of Duty on PlayStation for many years to come.
So like they know that it's going to be, you know, available for the PlayStation.
Microsoft is committed to three years already, and yet they're just making it out, obviously,
because they don't want the deal to go through that.
No, no, no.
It's not going to be, you know, exclusive at all, even though in their minds it is.
It's going to be available on their system, and that's not an issue.
Also, this was crazy as well.
Well, Jim Ryan also shared that if Activision were to be actively to be acquired by Microsoft,
then Sony wouldn't share PlayStation six info with the developers of Call of Duty.
Also, another argument that they've made before is that, well, you know, if Microsoft buys
Activision Blizzard, they're just going to make a version of Call of Duty that's going
to suck on PlayStation hardware.
It's just going to play poorly and they're going to think, oh,
it's the PlayStation hardware and not Call of Duty that's playing poorly.
But now you're like saying that, oh, well, we're not going to give you information about our system.
So what do you think is going to happen from that?
You would get a product that is not going to perform as well as it could because you're
withholding information because you're worried that they're going to have some sort of insider
information that will affect, you know.
The creation of the next Xbox console or something like that.
It is just ridiculous that you would go that far.
This court case is making Sony look real bad.
It's making them look drunk with power.
It's making them look like the one percent.
And it's it's making Microsoft look humble, which is a weird thing to say.
But as far as the games division goes, like you see Microsoft kind of admitting they know
they're lagging behind in the race and they know, you know, some of these things.
And yet they still, you know, they know they have to put games on certain consoles.
And just the whole fact that Sony is like withholding and doing what they're withholding
and then coming on the other hand and saying, oh, but we know we're getting a lesser than
version, like it's almost like they're they're they're the ones trying to squelch the
competition in the marketplace and it's coming out in court.
And it really doesn't make Sony look good, to be honest.
I don't think most gamers are going to give a shit because at the end of the day, Sony's
got really great exclusives and a pretty damn good console.
And that's what the gamers are.
But it's when you look at the business side of things like you definitely look at this
and you're like, Sony is not the good guy here.
And I'm not before you all today.
Oh, I'm a Microsoft fanboy.
I'm a Microsoft apologist.
I'm sorry.
It's just like, again, I'm allowed to draw conclusions and, you know, make opinions based
off these court documents.
It does not make Sony look like nice people.
It really doesn't.
Yeah.
And it's just like business isn't nice.
I understand that.
But it's just like one of those like, oh, it just makes a lot of those complaints that
Sony's putting out there.
Like, it's really exposing it for the bullshit that it is.
Yeah.
And honestly, I'm sorry.
Look, I worry our legislators and I worry they're too dumb and they're going to fall
for it.
Of course they're dumb.
Like, I mean, they don't understand how any of this stuff works.
Although I would say that they're probably more willing to side with Microsoft on this
because Microsoft being an American company and Sony being a Japanese company.
Unfortunately for them, it's just, you know, USA, USA, USA.
And it doesn't matter what the situation is.
I honestly don't think that they understand fully what's going on here.
And it's also very hypocritical of Sony, too, because Sony does the exact same things when
it comes to given the opportunity, they will absolutely pay for exclusivity on their console.
They have fucking look at 16.
That's not to say that Sony or Microsoft hasn't done the same thing in the past with like
third party stuff as well.
But you may get like a year of exclusivity or something like that.
But like, but yeah, they do this.
And to pretend like we don't do this, this is ridiculous.
We would never do that.
Like, come on.
Like, we don't trust you at all to do this.
And like for me, like, I don't even care anymore about console wars because I'm just going
for PC, PC, I win out everything.
I can play all the different systems on PC if I want to.
I mean, emulating Switch, of course.
But like I it's it doesn't really make sense to me to like dive into a console anymore
because I just don't play my consoles.
Like I don't play my PlayStation four.
I haven't played that in like over a year.
And my Xbox Series X is in a box under my desk right now.
Like it is not being used at all.
Like I just I don't know.
I bought a Series X and I used it hard for like two years.
But then when I upgraded my PC, my Series X is now the downstairs media device so that
Alan can watch 4K stuff through the Series X.
Like that's our PS3 for that.
Yeah, it's seriously like it made me reconsider.
That's why I was like, well, do I really want a PlayStation five?
Probably not, because like I just won't use it.
Like I won't get the money out of it like that.
It's just not worth it, especially for PlayStation VR, too.
Like that's just a money pit right there.
But yeah, I just we don't like any of these corporate companies nowadays.
You just we've gotten burned so many times by corporations.
I just don't trust Sony in this sense.
I don't trust Microsoft either, like 100 percent.
But at least they've been seeming to be more on the side of like the consumer.
Recently, that could all change one day, sure.
But like right now, they seem to be on the consumer side,
at least Game Pass is a great deal.
So well, it's a lot of that is in the leader.
A lot of it is in the leader.
Yeah, for sure.
Gaming on my Mac.
I don't trust anybody.
Well, and you don't have as many games to play either.
Yeah, actually, I pretty much can play just about anything.
So some of those games that you've talked about streaming in the past.
Well, come the next operating system, I won't have that problem at all.
Ask Whoopi Goldberg how Diablo 4 is going.
Come the next operating system, I won't have that problem at all.
I heard about that.
Some other comments in chat.
Dartusia says, I don't know, we're using our series S lately for D4
when the network wants to work and Street Fighter 6 mostly.
And honestly, Dartusia, if I hadn't upgraded my PC, I'd probably be in the same boat.
I'd be using a console to play those games as well.
Absolutely.
But yeah.
Also, you can play Diablo 4 on a Mac.
GeForce Now has it.
Oh, I didn't know GeForce Now has it.
That's cool.
Well, somebody needs to send that to Whoopi Goldberg.
So yeah, pretty much anything that's worth having is either coming out natively or is on a stream
service and like everyone knows the next, you know, as already has come out for the next OS
that the line like deal is going to basically make Maxfully Gaming compatible.
Well, and, you know, you bring up a good point about the cloud gaming in general.
I mean, that's just that's enabling gaming on many, many more devices,
Max and otherwise.
And, you know, laptops and, you know, phones, I guess, and tablets and things like that.
That's where, too, that's a lot, you know, cloud gaming.
We kind of look at how much of the future is really going to be in cloud gaming.
Again, I think we're just stable 5G over connections away from cloud gaming really taking
over.
And I think and so it's interesting to kind of go back to a lot of where this conversation
started about console wars.
I think that's the big, ironically, cloud looming in the sky is once 5G is available
anywhere.
I don't think you're going to need consoles anymore in the traditional sense.
So they're still going to try.
Of course, they're going to try really slow to abandon technology, but it's going to be
interesting to see how the consoles might evolve to make that case for what cloud gaming
can't bring you.
It'll be interesting to see what they do.
Excuse me.
Well, that court case has really been fascinating to see play out, and we're still going to
get more gems out of that.
That's for sure.
Loki, I'm sorry, I might have missed it.
You talk about the PlayStation six, that part of things.
Yes.
Okay, sorry.
Then let's talk about a different six in a series that I don't know if this game is ever
coming.
It feels like Elder Scrolls six.
Apparently, this was something that came out of this recent trial as well, or whatever
the hearings, whatever you want to call it that's going on right now is that even though
the Elder Scrolls six was announced five years ago at the 2018 E3 Expo, it was said
by Phil Spencer, this game is still five days or five days away.
I wish five plus years away, saying under oath, quote, I think we've been a little unclear
on what platforms that will launch on given how far out the game is.
It's difficult for us right now to nail down exactly what platforms the games will launch
on.
As I said with Elder Scrolls six, it's so far out, it's hard to understand what the
platforms will even be at this point.
It's the same team that's finishing Starfield, which comes out in September.
So we're talking about being likely five plus years away.
So when he's talking about platform, he's not talking about Sony versus Microsoft.
He's talking about would it be PS five or PS six?
Because they might be needing to prep this game for a more advanced console and the Xbox
equivalent of that, obviously, like whether it's series Y or whatever it is.
Phoenix 7726 says, Rob, at this rate, Elder Scrolls is going to beat Kingdom Hearts for
longest gap between sequels.
This just also goes to show how freaking long it is between big budget games.
I mean, you know, earlier in the show, I was talking a lot about Final Fantasy 16.
Think about how long it's been since Final Fantasy 15.
It's been seven years since Final Fantasy 15.
Wow.
Seven years is more time than what passed between Final Fantasy four, five, six, seven
and eight.
No, was 491 or 92?
Because eight was 99.
So 92 would have been seven years ago.
But at least five, six, seven and eight were all done within the same period that it's
taken 15 to 16.
So that's kind of food for thought as well.
That just speaks to the long development cycle of a lot of these games now, for sure.
So, you know, I'm not totally surprised to hear this now.
I'm kind of wondering, well, why did they announce this way back as they did?
But, you know, this was also before the Microsoft purchase, and maybe they had a different plan
to get there.
I'm not saying Microsoft's delayed it, but maybe Microsoft's going to force it to be
a more quality product when it comes out being less bugs.
Starfield is going to be very telling for if Bethesda has maybe changed some of their
things that they get razzed for a lot in the QA department or lack of addressing QA department,
I should say, since Microsoft took over.
Because if Starfield is still a buggy mess, people are going to be like, why the fuck
did they delay this as much as they did?
But if it's really, really polished, people are going to be like, wow, a Bethesda game
that actually, yeah.
So Phoenix 7726 says, to be fair, Rob, those games were not nearly as complicated and took
much less time to develop.
And at this point, these times are just going to keep going up.
Oh, exactly that.
I actually am making that same point.
Yeah, it wasn't as hard to do the sprite art in those days, and even the PlayStation 1
style art from seven and eight, and what goes into those games, then what games require
today.
So there's going to be a long wait between 16 and 17.
But I guarantee 17 is already under development.
I think the question is, is it another MMO or not?
Because 11 was an MMO, 14 was an MMO.
So if they follow the pattern, 17 would be an MMO.
I'm not sure they want to do an MMO now.
Again, I feel like 14 is still riding a wave that they could have another single player
game in a 17.
But it's so hard to say, you know, again, Square Enix maybe doesn't want to number their
Final Fantasy games anymore.
Who knows?
So yeah, and I agree Phoenix 14 is still going too strong.
No need to kill it and pull an Overwatch one.
Well, to be fair, 11 is still going.
I don't know if I would say strong, but it has people that love it very much and are
still showing up to play.
So even 11, you know, just a new MMO coming out doesn't negate the other necessarily.
But yeah, anyway, let's move on to whenever Elder Scrolls 6 finally comes out.
Many people I'm sure will stream it.
And so we always watch what's going on in streaming communities.
Right, Dark Sakura?
That we do.
And it's not the best news.
Well, I mean, if you're, you know, everybody except partners.
So there is this hype chat thing coming where basically you can pay to have your chat highlighted,
like pinned for a bit, you know, to guarantee that it'll be seen.
And you're basically buying your chat message.
This is not a new idea.
This has been happening on YouTube already.
I was gonna say, this sounds like super chats.
Yeah.
They're calling it hype chat.
So you can pay anything between $1 to $500.
You can set a minimum of up to $100.
And so depending on how much you pay, depends on how long it stays up as well as character
length in the visual design.
And this also gives the streamer a share of the revenue from the hype chat.
I don't know what that share is.
But I don't know what they're thinking.
They're not making this a friendly environment.
And then also though, and now this is slightly okay.
They're working on a new range of labels and tags to better identify the kind of mature
content that's being displayed.
So I mean, like for right now, it just had mature content and it could be anything.
So the new levels are going to be mature rated games, sexual themes, drugs intoxication,
or excessive tobacco use.
Why is that?
Whatever.
Anyway, violent or graphic depictions, significant profanity or vulgarity and gambling.
These are basically, they're not going to get people away with breaking the rules, but
these are out there just as general warnings for anyone who might peek in.
If the game has that kind of content in it, not necessarily the streamer.
So there's a lot of, what's the word I'm thinking of?
A lot of false reporting that goes on too, like retaliatory.
That I think they need to look a bit more at the current system of reporting and action
rather than adding more labels.
So anyway, I'm not going to kick because it's very abusive toward anyone who's basically
not, you know, straight sister white.
But I don't know, I won't say anything else about it.
I have feelings, that's all.
I have feelings.
No, so I don't think kick is, I've said this on the show previously.
I think last week, until there's an adult that's clearly in charge of kick, and it looks
like an adult is running it.
I'm not really interested right now.
It just seems a little bit like it feels like the ball pit at Dashcon right now.
And that's not a place I need to be.
Somebody peed in that thing.
You know it.
The ball pit at Twitch was better.
It had a mac and cheese in it.
Yeah, that is true.
Let's see other stuff in chat.
Mike Deft by Black Wolf, a few people pointing out that that split on the hype chats is 70-30
plus a 5% fee.
It just seems like a lot of, you know, like, why do I need to hype that?
Yeah, it's a money grab.
I'm not going to encourage people to buy that.
I mean, if at the end of the day, it's your money.
We're not partners anyway.
Oh yeah, that's right.
It's only partners, not affiliates.
That's right.
So yeah, it is.
It is a little silly in my opinion.
No one I know that's a partner would do that other than a joke.
Yeah.
Bobby in chat says the content warnings are fine for me on Twitch.
It helps advertisers target ads better.
The stuff about excessive drinking and smoking is about excessive drinking and smoking on
stream.
Taking a sip of beer doesn't need the content warning.
Doing a drunk show would.
And I'm assuming that's similar to there's a difference.
I wasn't talking about the drinking aspect of it.
Yeah, but I'm going to assume there's also a difference between somebody who does this
and has a little whiff of a pen once in a, in a, in a great while.
And somebody who's like fully got their bong out, taking hits between answering Q and A.
Like they just, they need to define it clearly.
Yes.
Yes.
Leaving it so subjective.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So are they saying that Doug Benson isn't welcome on Twitch?
Because they specifically said tobacco.
And I'm sorry, I know chain smokers.
Yeah.
Who will chain smoke during their stream?
Yeah.
So what's, what's excessive?
What's the definition of it?
Are they smoking like five packs in an hour or what?
I mean, that's, and it's a elaboration, but still.
Oh, apparently MJ always needs the content warning, even if it's just a small hit.
Interesting.
Cause a lot of DVD streamers I watch partake in between or even have channel rewards to partake.
So that's very, I mean, granted, if they're streaming DVD, it's already
a restricted channel because they're playing an M rated game.
So that's interesting.
But yeah, I think there's too much subjectiveness as stark Sakura put it.
I think there's, they're going to need to clearly define those lanes.
And for the love of God, get your affiliates and
partners to the table to help you in defining those lanes.
Oh, you know, they're not going to, I mean, now here's the thing.
I'm, I'm a member of Twitch RPG.
And I haven't really seen a whole lot being done with that.
You know, I do my surveys when I get them.
Oh, we'll, we'll give you a hundred bits to do this survey.
But there's, they're not like super in depth, you know, not,
not a really big survey or a deep dive into things that people might want to see.
And they're missing an opportunity with that.
Yeah.
Bobby is copy pasting some stuff from the fact that apparently does try to draw the
lanes a little more on what exactly alcohol use is, you know, smoking a cigarette and
all of that is, but even then they say, okay, for alcohol use, sipping on a drink
while streaming wouldn't require a label, but apparently appearing visibly intoxicated to
the point you are slurring your speech or making being drunk the focus of your stream.
For example, doing a drunk history would require a label.
I still say there's a lot of interpretation in there.
I get it.
It does sound like one extreme or the other, but what if it's not one of the extremes?
Who's to say what visibly intoxicated is?
And again, there's been plenty of false reports for other issues.
Yeah.
You know that I, I, they're going to need to step up their moderation staff.
And then of course, make sure their moderation staff is trustworthy.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, cause we we've heard that incident.
All right.
Let's move on to our next story.
I've take a quick, quick AFK.
I'm sorry, but, uh, Loki, you want to take the next story?
Yeah.
This is not really surprising at all, but considering the whole, uh, situation with
E3 and the sudden cancellation in, uh, 2023.
Well, now it's coming out that according to information from the Los Angeles city tourism
board of commissioners held its regularly scheduled meeting and announced updates on
tourism and whatnot, and basically said that it didn't sound like that E3 was happening
in 23 or 2024 and 2025.
Um, and apparently, uh, the ESA has come out to say, ESA is currently in conversations
with ESA members and other stakeholders about E3 2024 and beyond, and no final decisions
about the events have been made at this time.
That doesn't say that they, that's not a yes that we're doing it next year.
So, um, I would assume that, you know, Los Angeles being the host city of E3 would be
aware whether they're doing it or not.
Um, as of right now, I wouldn't be surprised if it's canceled going forward.
I mean, honestly, I mean, there is no excuse this year aside from everybody dropping out,
I guess, I guess that's excuse enough, but I don't see everybody just all of a sudden
jumping on next year.
I don't think anything's going to change.
So I think they're done.
Um, Bobby and point, uh, Bobby and chat says this only means they're not doing E3 in LA.
It could be done elsewhere.
That's true.
It could be done elsewhere.
Go back to Vegas.
Yeah.
Why are we giving the ESA this much credit?
I don't E3 is done.
E3 has done.
E3 has been done.
It's here now.
Now the question is, how does it evolve with this whole partnership for the E3, as you
used to know it, as you used to attend is done is done.
It's been done for some time.
However, that name, you know, if we know, read pop, getting the rights to the name and
all this stuff, we know read pop also runs packs.
I think there's a very clear way that the E3 kind of what everybody thinks E3 is and
what packs really is, is kind of merged together.
And I think what we used to know is E3 ends up effectively becoming packs Southwest or
something.
No, it's not packs.
Southwest used to be like Texas, right?
I don't know, packs Pacific or something, which is packs prime, but I feel like there's
going to be either a Vegas or an LA type of packs.
And that's, you know, what essentially, you know, that time of year in E3 ends up turning
into, uh, where maybe even as either.
And I think I said this way back then, as I said, the first year it will be packs presents
E3.
And then after that year it will be E3 featuring packs.
And that's, that's where, and then it will be E3 in Boston, E3, you know, yes, ironically
E for all at the end of the day.
Yeah.
So that's where I think it goes.
And it's because of the read pop connection.
That's why I'm drawing that line because effectively read pop will own packs.
And then they're also going to have the rights to the E3.
So I think they inject that E3 stuff into packs, but it ends up being that what, what
this is basically what the fuck is packs had to do with penny arcade for a long time now.
So at some point it will just be E3.
And they already have like each featuring the packs board game lounge.
It's just like, it's, it's not really adding anything.
It's not like they're going to have word gaming content.
It'd be just basically what it was before.
By doing that, here's the thing, the ESA still wants to get membership dues.
That's why they're not going to know that I am being 100% legit.
So E3 is going to say, Oh, this is going to make it more attractive for the gaming companies
in that region.
And that's why I think there will be an LA San Diego or Vegas version of packs at some
point because of the game companies in that area, I guess you could do San Francisco as
well.
So somewhere, you know, Silicon Valley, San Jose even.
So somewhere I that's just why I see like a packs California or Vegas type of thing
happening because now that the ESA will have a stake in this, essentially the ESA will
have a stake.
And they'll be like, Oh, well, by you being in the ESA, we want you to exhibit at E3 what
used to be packs and try to draw more big name.
When packs has always been about indie, it was some big name sometimes, but try to use
that power to pull in more big boosts at your packs.
They can try.
Yeah, we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
So Pirate Pound Town in chat says Santa Clara, better venues.
I don't know if there's anything there that's big.
And honestly, even though I say San Jose, I don't think there's anything big enough.
Even the San Jose is probably not big enough for something.
Well, if it holds Fanime, it can probably hold E3, but it just depends.
It depends how big they want to go.
I just I think Vegas is the obvious cheap convention city, but San Diego is pretty good
too.
It's just San Diego can be kind of expensive.
So I can see them, you know, putting it somewhere.
Okay, moving on, let's get to our next story, which has to do with Quake 2.
Not one, not three, you know, the good ones, but Quake 2.
Apparently, a game rating and administration committee in Korea has rated Quake 2 remastered.
Well, this hasn't been announced yet.
This is also, by the way, how Quake remastered was announced before it was actually announced
in 2021.
Just an interesting aside, QuakeCon is coming up in August in Texas.
So if there's any legitimacy to this, which there probably is, then you're going to hear
about it at QuakeCon in August, which you probably will.
So look forward to a Quake 2 remastered.
You know what?
It is a good chance for that game to get a second chance.
I know I kind of, you know, make fun of it a little bit, but it just didn't play quite
the same as the first, you know, and it did a different thing.
But maybe going back and remastering it, you kind of revisit some of that.
And, you know, it's been a long time.
You take another look at it.
All right, speaking of classics, I think it's time for an old favorite segment here on our
program.
So let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us tonight, DarkSagra?
I picked a game called Last Resort.
It is a horizontal shooter by SNK.
The arcade release was out in 1992.
Of course, it got a port for the home Neo Geo and Neo Geo CD systems and several other
rereleases, and I'll be getting into that momentarily.
The point that I want to bring up just to start off with has to do with the development
and the reason why some things may look kind of familiar, like as in R-type like, is because
Last Resort was developed by former IRM staff members.
And IRM did, you guessed it, R-type.
Anyway, so you basically have to blast through five different stages twice and destroy the
end boss by aiming at their weak points.
So you have a cyber jet and then a robot drone that you can use as a shield and also as an
additional weapon with multi-fire and concussion launch capabilities.
The drone can be toggled to be in front or behind, and behind it can be a cyber jet that
can be upgraded with three types of firepower and faster jet speed by getting different
power-ups.
It's basically the R-9 from R-type.
I'm just going to say that right now.
So basically, the plot of it is that this computer virus has infected the primary computer
that runs the first space station, and so it's basically brought up its automated defensive.
And so now the computer is attacking Earth and you have to stop the computer by fighting
its drones and whatnot.
Anyway, it got really positive reviews from seven reviewers and Gamists in 1992.
Game Machine listed the game on their May 15, 1992, as the 13th most popular arcade
software at the time.
Replay also put it up pretty highly, very positive reviews overall.
And yes, lots of people comparing it to R-type.
And also, there have been visual comparisons to Akira, the film from 1988.
And I can definitely see it in some of the aspects.
It just really had some great qualities to it.
However, the AES conversion was pretty much turned down because of some slowdown and
shorter length, because, I mean, of course, the hardware was meant to handle the same
thing the arcades could.
But the graphics, the music two-player mode were all considered really great, but the
lack of also the additional stage and, of course, the slowdown still got further scores
lower.
One thing that was praised was the power-up system was a mixture of R-type and forgotten
worlds.
However, again, slowdown still, still, still.
And it was even being compared to the shooters on the Super Nintendo as far as the console
slowdown.
But I mean, overall, it was considered just a really, really visually stunning and audio
stunning game in the arcade version.
What is still popular.
We're also, I think there's, I've seen recent re-releases come out for it.
But as far as other versions, of course, we had the Neo Geo arcade, the MVS.
We've had the Neo Geo AES, which is the home one.
We've had the Neo Geo CD.
We've had SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1 for PS2, PS Portable, and Wii.
And then ACA Neo Geo for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
I also think that I got a thing through my Prime gaming account that it was one of the
SNK games they were giving out for free.
So, but yeah, I mean, it's really straightforward.
But I just thought that its notability was because of the way that it really portrayed
the sense of its lore through the environment and graphics, as well as having the benefit
of being by former Irem programmers.
And I think that's really where the R-Type influence comes in.
A little bit also like how it also did in Blazing Star and Polestar.
Another two of my favorite SNK shooters.
But yeah, it's Last Resort.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week, Last Resort.
I feel like I've put a quarter or two in this machine before, but I honestly had a hard
time recalling it.
But yeah, I definitely see a lot of what you're talking about.
A lot of the R-Type kind of similarities and things of that sort.
I think they had it for a hot minute back in the day at Crestview Lanes.
Oh God.
That takes me back.
But I know for a fact that it was, I think what took it over, because I knew they had
this for a long time, was Blazing Star.
Which I love Last Resort.
I think Blazing Star was more fun.
But I mean, I also would rather play R-Type.
So it just had that distinction of being like a marriage of titles.
But it's no less a good game.
And I think that if you've got Prime or you have other services that will allow you to
check out this game, you should totally do it.
It's a good one.
Yeah, obviously these Neo Geo games show up a lot on the Prime, and it's a good chance
to check them all out and take a walk down memory lane.
All right, well, let's talk quickly about some other headlines going on in the gaming
industry this week and some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yep.
So I mean, with the movie right around the corner, the brand new Barbie movie, there
was a small announcement that the 1956 Chevrolet Barbie movie Corvette EV is going to be in
Forza Horizon five.
I love this for the record.
And they also have the 2022 GMC Barbie movie Hummer EV pickup as well that you can drive
around.
That's silly.
Awesome.
That's great.
And then let's see.
So Lies of P and Wong Lo have a partnership going on.
So I guess that's Wong Lo Fallen Destiny is the Tecmo or Koei, was it Tecmo Koei?
Koei Tecmo now?
Yeah.
So it's Koei Tecmo.
Yeah, it used to be Tecmo Koei back in the day.
Anyways, they're going to do a little bit of a crossover with during September, I guess.
And they haven't announced the details yet of what's going to be involved with that crossover,
but it is something that is coming.
So souls like combined.
All right.
I know a lot of people looking forward to that lies of P game.
I guess the demo was pretty good.
It does look interesting.
Yeah, it does look interesting.
Dark Sakura.
Yeah.
So anyone remember the toxic, the toxic Avenger?
Vaguely.
Yeah.
Remember that there was a cartoon called the toxic Crusaders?
Yes.
So it's the original TV series remastering is going to be on Steam.
The TV show?
The TV.
Well, actually they're going to do a scrolling brawler based off of the TV show, which honestly,
I barely tolerated the movies and I hated the cartoon, so I have zero interest in this,
but Hey, some people will absolutely love it and more power to them.
All right.
I guess you can always check that out in Steam and decide for yourself.
Um, lastly, Sunsoft is going to be doing a crowdfunding campaign through campfire.
That's more of a Japanese based website because these are definitely going to be
Japanese based games.
Uh, you know, Sunsoft, you might remember from games like blaster master Fester's quest.
We're not, we're not talking about these games, talking about, you know, games that
never came over here, uh, to the U S as far as I know, but now the blast master music
is stuck in my head.
Thanks, Rob.
Good.
You're welcome.
It's Hey, you know what?
That's great music to have stuck in your head.
You're welcome.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Okay.
Anyway, um, we're going to do for the rest of the episode.
Yeah, absolutely.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Uh, anyway, campfire crowdfunding campaign will be bringing three Famicom titles to switch
and PC via steam in celebration of the Famicom's 40th anniversary.
The crowdfunding campaign runs July 14th through August 31st.
The three titles that they're planning on porting.
Kanshaku, Tamanege, Kantaro, No Tuikaido, Goju-san Sugi, uh, the wings of, or excuse
me, the wing of medulla and ripple Island, which I don't think any of those were released
over here.
I don't recognize any of those names.
Um, but you know, sunsoft released a lot in Japan that he didn't put out over here.
Uh, they're also thinking about maybe doing a sunsoft branded golden cartridge that they
were not able to do back in the Famicom days.
Uh, only seven publishers back in the day were allowed to engrave their own brand names
on, on cartridges.
Sunsoft was one of them, but they were never able to do the gold cartridges because they
didn't have the budget for it.
So that's kind of interesting that they might do that after all this time.
But, um, yeah, if that's of interest to you, you'll have to get on a Japanese crowdfunding
website campfire and take a look for that sunsoft in mid July.
So anyway, um, moving on, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
of some games you'll be playing a little sooner than this rerelease.
What's coming out this week in the U S Loki?
Uh, we have charade maniacs.
No, it is not the brand new, uh, Jack box game.
It is a visual novel coming to Nintendo switch, a story of seasons, a wonderful life on PC,
Nintendo switch PlayStation five and X-Box series.
A W fight forever on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five X-Box one X-Box series.
Uh, Ketsuko, uh, Don she elements with emotions on Nintendo switch.
Uh, actually, I guess that's a Japan only release.
Um, thank you for bringing down that list here.
Uh, Tokyo Xanadu E X plus on Nintendo switch.
Uh, we have Z Catrice on Nintendo switch PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Everybody one, two switch on Nintendo switch.
Oh, thank God.
That's coming out this week.
Um, this is, this is probably my favorite title for the week.
Primo clock on PC and Nintendo switch.
Uh, front mission first remake on PC, PlayStation four PlayStation five X-Box one and X-Box series.
Ghost trick, Phantom detective on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four and X-Box one.
Goodbye world on PlayStation four PlayStation five X-Box one and X-Box series.
Master detective archives rain code on Nintendo switch.
And that is it.
All right.
We're going to travel over to Japan.
Bear with me.
It's a busy week.
What it is about this week, but we got a lot.
So on the Nintendo switch nine R I P is out on the 29th, as well as the quintessential quintumplets,
uh, go to Pazu story is out.
And you can get that in a regular edition, or you can get a book set for one of the five quintumplets
featured in the game.
There's five different sets for that.
So, um, you might be spending a lot of money if you have to collect that all, uh, that game,
the Loki mentioned Shika trees is also out in Japan this week, uh, as well as a Hatsu
Yuki Sakura in regular and limited edition, uh, who cargo Cinderella too, in a regular
and limited edition edition.
You can also get that in a one and two set.
If you miss the first game that is out as well.
Tokyo Xanadu ex plus for Nintendo switch that has nothing to do with one of dark soccer's
favorite movies, uh, but a different game that looks like it's probably based on an
anime, uh, Tokyo Xanadu.
Uh, we also have Ikaruga, uh, getting a multi-language release.
Another Ikaruga.
I, I, yeah, I know this like again, I guess.
Yeah.
It's some, but it looks like there's a real fancy edition of this coming out for Nintendo
switch.
Give us like an updated radiant silver gun.
I know.
Right.
Uh, Hatsuko San Kaimi is also out in Japan this week in a regular and limited edition
first love game.
Uh, Grisaia Phantom trigger 5.5 to 08.
That is the name of it is also out in Japan this week.
So, uh, I look forward to that.
And then we also have on the 30th master detective archives rain code out in Japan this week,
ghost trick, Phantom detective and a multi-language release in Japan this week.
And then we also have, uh, I know everybody one to switch is also out in Japan this week.
I'm sure you're all excited as hell.
And if you want those, um, switch, uh, joy con controllers, you can get those in pastel
pink and pastel yellow or pastel purple and pastel green.
That's all in Japan.
That is just the switch that I read right there.
How about the PlayStation five?
Well, a plague tale.
Requiem is out a multi-language edition on PlayStation five evil dead.
The game, uh, it's an English release, but it is coming out of Japan, uh, this week.
Uh, Chica trees is also out in Japan this week, uh, on the PlayStation five.
So I told you it was a busy week.
Uh, so yeah, lots of stuff to look forward to this week.
Let's go over to Europe, dark Sakura.
On the 27th.
Um, we have a first switch.
We have story of seasons, a wonderful life for PlayStation below special edition, um,
for PlayStation and X-Box destroy all humans to reprobed single player on switch little
friends, puppy Island on the 29th.
Um, for everything AEW fight forever for PlayStation switch and X-Box new, the factionless
on the 30th moon scars for PlayStation and switch for switch.
We have master detectives, archive rain code, uh, for switch and PlayStation Celeste.
Um, also for those two, we have a car special edition and goodbye world.
That's not depressing.
Um, PlayStation shame legacy, the cult edition, uh, switch and PlayStation adventure time
pirates of the Amchyridion, I guess.
Yeah.
Um, also Ben 10 power trip, a hotel Transylvania three monsters overboard.
Then Ben 10 and then transformers battlegrounds where apparently according to the cover,
they fight for a D 20 and then, um, troll hunters defenders of Arcadia.
I know it's the matrix, but it looks like a D 20.
All right.
Lots of games everywhere going into, uh, what will be here in the U S a long weekend for,
uh, many folks with the 4th of July.
I don't know why the rest of the world is so hopping, but yeah, there you go.
For reasons.
Yeah.
So I guess, you know, summertime, uh, you know, all right.
Uh, let's get into a few more stories and then we're going to open up discord for a
little bit and see if we can't get, um, some, uh, calls there on discord.
Uh, let's get to this story from Loki.
Yeah.
So I think it was last week or maybe the week before we talked about some of the content
being removed from grand theft auto online.
Well, there's also discrepancies between what is available for grand theft online between
console and PC.
And in fact, actually, uh, some of the content that is available on console doesn't get PC
ports, which is weird because you'd think there'd be parody when it comes to PC and
current gen consoles, but for whatever reason, for grand theft auto online, they just aren't
doing that.
Um, so that's strange.
They're saying that, of course, you know, um, with, you know, the, like some of the
different updates they've done with like the Vinewood car club and stuff like that.
Certain features are only accessible through GTA plus.
Um, which is of course that paid service that you can get through PlayStation or Xbox, but
GTA plus is not something that you can subscribe to on PC.
Probably because people rip all the content out and make it in a mod and stuff like that.
That's always been an issue with like rockstar games and porting stuff to PC anyways, because
they're worried that people will mod stuff in the game.
Which yes, they do that.
Um, maybe not grand theft auto online, but I mean, they probably still would do that
as well.
So there is a disparity between what they have on console versus PC, which is kind of
annoying.
So maybe there's, you know, that's leading to people to believe that maybe they're going
to be discontinuing PlayStation online for PC.
I don't think so because I think they make enough in shark cards to make up for that,
but it is weird to see some sort of like difference in content that's available for
both.
So, I mean, how, how mad are you about this?
Or is it not at all?
Because I don't play grand theft auto online.
You're like, you know, give a shit about grand theft auto online.
No, I know.
And I think a lot of it is, it's probably going back to, you know, how they're paywalling
stuff now behind that GTA plus, which is stupid anyways, because like, why?
Like you don't make billions of dollars off of shark cards already, which you do, because
we know that because you've said that.
But like on top of that, you want more recurring like revenue, like through these, the service.
And why don't you offer that service on, I mean, on console?
Because I are on PC as well.
Because I mean, a lot of the new models of cars wherever have already been available
in game, and then they took them out.
So this doesn't make any sense that like, you would just now all of a sudden hold that
back.
I mean, not that it would be impossible for somebody to rip that data out of like the
console version port at the PC, except probably easily a thing that's being done if it's
anything like four used to be.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't really understand how Rockstar Games is operating.
I'm curious to see what they do with Grand Theft Auto six for sure.
Yeah, one of these years.
This probably this year, because they said they're making a lot of money next year.
A lot of money that's outside of Grand Theft Auto online.
So got to be it.
All right.
Let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, Sonic stuff is happening.
And this picture of Lego Sonic is creepy.
So it's also Sonic the Hedgehog's 32nd anniversary.
And there was a 20-minute Sonic Central showcase to talk about stuff.
There is, of course, the 2D Sonic Superstars.
And there are Sonic Origins Plus, which is expanded version of the original Sonic Origins.
And it adds Amy Rose as a playable.
There's a Sonic Frontier, Sonic's Birthday Bash, a Roblox Sonic Speed Simulator,
Sonic Prime, which is an animated Netflix thing, mobile games getting some updates,
Samba de Amigo Party Central, Sonic Symphony, which is the touring orchestra.
I'm trying to see if it's going to be anywhere near us.
And that's just going to be Los Angeles on September 30th.
So, well, Tails Tube, which is a series about Tails being a VTuber.
And then also Lego has a trailer for Sonic Superstar.
So basically it's Sonic as a mini fig.
That's kind of cute.
Interesting.
As Jodhana Matt says, Sonic is 32, nearing its age for its first midlife crisis.
Yeah, that is nowhere near midlife anymore.
True, true.
That doesn't mean we don't have pre midlife crisis around that age.
I just have constant crises.
Yeah, I'm constantly in a state of all right.
I'm internally screaming all the time.
My soul is hoarse.
Uh, Loki, what do you got?
Your grief, I see.
Totally.
I did like, though, that one of the things that they did announce it at that whole Sonic
event thing was they had more Lego sets.
One of them is like some sort of like Eggman Sonic thing.
But you know what it looked like?
It was like ugly.
It looked like Ugly Sonic.
Ugly Sonic, the Lego set.
And I'm kind of all about that.
That is what freaked me out.
So I was looking at Fixie's name.
Yeah, I like that.
I will be checking that out when that comes into stores.
Anyways, let's talk about Roblox.
So Roblox, it's a game for kids.
Those kids are getting older.
I mean, my kids have been playing it for years now.
It's hard to believe.
And so now because their demographic is aging up, they're starting to look at, hey, you
know, maybe we should make content that's geared towards those kids that are now aged
past 17.
So they're saying right now that 17 to 24 year olds are the fastest growing group on
Roblox.
I'm just shocked because they're the group over 18 are playing that game.
Because they're the group that was 11 when this game first came out.
I mean, yeah, I guess there's literally people that have grown up with this game.
That's what it's about.
That's the cool thing for games to do nowadays.
You know what?
Final Fantasy, Death, F Word, Left and Right.
You know what?
Roblox, Full Frontal, if that's what they want to do.
Well, I don't know if they're going that far yet.
Maybe they'll be the next update.
But right now they're going to be they said right now they have their they're adding a
17 plus category.
And so right now they're 13 plus category may contain moderate violence, light realistic
blood, moderate crude humor and or unplayable gambling content.
17 plus category, though, will take it up with intense violence, heavy realistic blood,
moderate crude humor, romantic themes, unplayable gambling content and or the presence of alcohol.
Finally, Roblox sounds interesting.
But they said in order to get access to that, they're going to need you need to submit your
government ID.
Oh, forget you.
Like the fact I have a credit card should be enough to prove that I'm 18.
Right?
I mean, obviously, so many kids just take their parents, but still, I'm not I'm not
submitting anyone my government ID, besides the government.
Like, you don't need it.
Yeah.
Tojiki doll in chat.
Hi, by the way, says, Do they want my Social Security, too?
Like, honestly, can you read the last three on the back of the credit card and your blood
type?
And it's exhausting.
Yeah, I would just say just if you're going to Roblox and play mature rated games, you're
better off just try going.
Yeah, go literally anywhere else on the Internet and you can find because you have to you have
to understand a lot of these are still made by young developers and stuff.
And they're not necessarily full fledged games either.
So like, I don't know.
So it's just the Roblox F word experience where now they can get away with saying fuck
in a Roblox game, right?
Kind of.
Yeah.
All right.
Roblox gets its very own fuck show.
Love it.
All right.
Well, where Roblox opens its doors to keep on growing, one game is finally shutting down.
That's right.
One of the oldest MMOs, although actually, this game is so old.
Don't you mean a visual mud?
Yeah, it's well, if you didn't cut me off, I would have got there.
But yes, so it's more instead of an MMO, it's more what was a graphical interpretation of
MUD.
It's a game known as the Realm Online, and it's finally going to be shutting down after
27 years.
This game was launched in the 90s, and it's finally going to be closing.
And yeah, this game is where we got things like Ultima Online, EverQuest, and then obviously
those evolved into Final Fantasy 14 and wow, which will eventually evolve into the holodeck.
But yes, the Realm Online is kind of where it all started.
I can't really say because I mean, if you think about it's a graphical MUD, well, then
there were MUDs that inspired the Realm Online.
But if you don't know what like a MUD or a multi user dungeon is a lot because I used
to play a couple of these in college, many of them were text or they are really text
based or ASCII art.
Yeah, it was like as far as you could get with those.
But this took it a step further.
I think of BBS door games.
And when we first started to see clients, well, I remember the pit distinctly was the
one that had a graphical client then that you could launch to play the pit in the graphical
client like this is kind of like that for MUDs.
But anyway, this yeah, this game is very, very old.
And after all of this time, it was posted on the Realm Online forums on Wednesday, June
21st, that the shutdown will be occurring.
We are sad to inform you of a sudden and unexpected end to our journey together.
The current agreement we have with Norseman Games gives us no path to acquiring the IP.
This impedes our ability to direct more money into developing content of the game.
So the game servers will be shut down on June 30th.
So that's like that's about as much notice as Paramount Plus gave Queens of the Universe
and Star Trek Prodigy.
It's it's these are very fast polls, but also the financial year for many, many companies
starts July 1st.
And that's why this timing usually is what it is.
So very sad.
You have a few more days to check it out.
Otherwise, I guess it will live on in YouTube contents or it will just grow underground
as some of these things tend to do.
Hello, Phantasy Star Online blueburst and that sort of content.
So a lot of times these things have been going underground.
So all right, we are to the part of the show where we invite y'all to participate with
us via email via Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, and you can join our green
room.
I do see we have somebody waiting.
I just want to check real quick.
I don't think we have emails tonight, but I just want to check in and kind of ping that.
We had one.
Oh, we do.
Okay.
Yay.
Yeah.
And I need to call it out.
Thank you, fifth dream for sending me a picture of a cat.
Oh, yay.
Okay, that's right.
This is a picture of a cat.
Her name is Echo.
Her favorite video game is Stray, probably.
Echo has been downloaded.
And when I have more photos, ahem, people, then there will be an update to the cat preview.
And maybe other animals might be included.
Let's see.
I just wanted to make sure that I would love a ferret.
Um, we got this dreams cat a little bit of love there.
So there you go.
I don't want to beauty.
I want to boop the nose.
Yeah, that's a very boopable nose.
Sorry, I took that down real quick because I realized the background is still visible.
Now there's anything that protected in there, but I just yeah, you don't need to see how
many unread messages I keep in my email.
All right, um, let's move on.
Oh, I've seen your desktop, Rob.
I'm not surprised.
All right.
Excuse me.
We have a caller in the green room.
I would love to bring them on and have a chat.
So let's do just that and welcome them onto the show.
Hello, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's your neighborhood Fixie.
Hey, Fixie.
How are you?
Fixation Gaze here on Twitch.television.
How are you today?
I'm doing fantastic.
I have finally gotten over my cough.
And so now I sound like a normal person again.
I'm really worried about you too.
I'm there with you a little bit.
I don't think I had what you had, but I've been sick for like the last three weeks.
I still cough every now and then, but it's finally like, finally, they gave me a stronger
antibiotic this week.
And it actually helped this time.
So it's nice.
Yeah, no, I had a really weird cough.
And then it turned into like an almost 104 temperature.
I just took some NyQuil, went to bed.
I don't have the insurance for that.
Oh, golly golly.
I'm doing much better now.
Today, I wanted to bring forth a bit of a philosophical question about video games
and the future of them.
Okay, go for it.
So with the rise of movies, you see like the Mario movie, the Sonic movies, which have
been questionably successful, even Dead by Daylight is throwing itself into the movie
ring with a Blumhouse movie coming out in the next few years.
Five Nights Around the Corner.
Yeah, lots, lots of this video game media.
Yeah.
I feel like there's going to be a renaissance that's going to happen that sort of happened
to the tabletop community when Stranger Things was like, cool, look, D&D is fun.
And it's going to be a big like, like, how do you think that's going to happen in the
way of like, normal, quote unquote, normal people who are not in the gamer lifestyle,
seeing games from a different perspective from the movie perspective, kind of like the
FNAF movie is going to do inevitably, and coming into these spaces, not really knowing
what's going on, and the amount of gatekeeping that is going to sadly happen, because it
seems that that's the way that this is going to kind of go.
Look what happened to the comic industry with all the new people wanting to catch up on
uh, Marvel storylines and how com- they're convoluted, okay?
Yeah.
It was happening, happening there.
And of course, oh, I've been a fan before the movies came out.
Yeah, it's a complicated question of what's going to happen when the gaming community
and the movie community are going to inevitably kind of mesh together.
Because sometimes you get really good stuff like the, you know, like, I will say the new
Mario movie is serviceable, it's okay, but movie critics hated it because it had no quote
unquote plot and was just a go to this place, go to this place, go to this place, but to
gamers who have grown up with Mario, that's a Mario game.
That is exactly what you do in a Mario game, except Peach is there.
So what do you think about that?
About the fact that quote unquote, like, normal people who have no idea what these games are
are about to be exposed to different kind of gaming things and exploding in that way.
You know, I'm stewing on this question.
This is a very good question.
I'm stewing on this a little bit.
And honestly, where my brain is going, is I actually feel like the video game industry
has already had to start responding to this.
And what I mean by that is, the video game industry has been forced in the last, I would
say, five, six years to, for lack of a better term, grow the fuck up.
And what I mean by that is a lot of what you saw that happened with the Me Too movement,
and how that ultimately started impacting the game industry, a lot of these horrible
things that we found out were happening inside game, you know, industry development, and
some of the work cultures, and some of the workers rights, all of that has been bubbling
up for the last few years.
We're not there yet.
We can't say, we have successfully conquered being an adult here in the video game industry.
But I think if you look at today, versus what things look like, you know, five, 10 years
ago, but even like five years ago, or just pre pandemic, quite honestly, I think you
go like, wow, things have shifted at a rapid or pace than it did in the beginnings of this
industry.
Because if you go way back to the beginning of this industry, let's be real, the Atari
2600, and the Atari development community, and I'm looping any, you know, old school
cartridge based company game in this was very much a boys club industry.
I do know there were absolutely important women that contributed but let's be real,
it was a boys club.
A lot of those old and not only was it that it was heavily drug influenced.
A lot of your favorite games were absolutely cocaine influenced.
Do you think that with the general public actually seeing gaming industry?
Do you think it would wisen them up?
Or do you think it would just basically be a whole bunch of like, no, no, no, I don't
want to really want to get into the game side of the community?
Do you think that the gaming community will actually have to like the gamers who are in
those games?
Because you always get your 12 year old cod lobby like stereotype.
Do you think this is going to change the way that normal like everyday nine to five people
who don't play video games are going to play or view video games because of the movies
that are coming out?
I think it's already happening.
Yeah, I think some of that shift is already happening.
But along with that, you just generally have more, you know, when we and I know you're
younger than we are fixie and but I'm not trying to get an age thing because when I'm
trying even when even when you were younger, but especially when we were younger, it really
seemed like oh my god, video games are such a niche thing.
It's a basement nerd thing.
Like you see Dungeons and Dragons portrayed in Stranger Things, which you brought up before
like that's how a lot of video is.
But now was like that in the 80s.
That's true.
But like I feel like really in this day and age, so many there's far less people that
don't play video games, then do play some kind of video game.
But you have to meet, you know, Tetris is a video game.
Pokemon Go is a video game.
Facebook games are video games.
I'm trying to think of other huge mobile titles that you know, wordscapes and word word with
friends are Candy Crush.
That's what I was trying to think of perfect.
Those are all games.
And because of that, the there are more women gamers than men because there are all different
because on planet Earth, there are 51% women and you know, men, birth assignment rates.
And so you just have more that play games than you did back in the 80s when it felt
like it was a social elite type of club.
So I don't know, I feel like in some ways I'm talking in circles, but I also just kind
of go like, there's just like the gaming industry, most people are already in it.
But I do get what you're saying.
There's also a fine line between like, because when you bring up like the Call of Duty lobbies
with the 12 year olds and all that, sure.
There's definitely a fine line between hardcore gaming and casual gaming.
Like there's still kind of some different camps there, right?
So does this cause more people to get into hardcore gaming?
I meet people in real life who think that video gaming is just like cod lobbies.
They don't actually understand that there's a skill or a talent into it.
They think it's just like your childish if you play video games and they refuse to change
that sort of thing.
But now with gaming becoming prevalent and becoming with like entertainment industry,
because gaming and streaming is moving towards the entertainment industry and a lot of people
are starting to notice that.
So it's going to become something a lot bigger than it is currently now, I think, especially
if more franchises are making TV shows and movies.
There's another thing to consider too, is that almost the reverse was happening.
That video games themselves were becoming more cinematic.
And so there was a greater expectation for more complicated stories, like the things
that you would see in a movie or a TV series.
So with that sort of, I'm going to say genre level crossover, that it's already a natural
progression.
It's going to happen whether people like it or not.
They're going to see this and they're not going to necessarily think, oh, this was a
video game thing.
I mean, there will be obvious ones, but they'll look at it and go, oh, it's an action movie.
You know, have that level of separation in their head.
I think, though, that since a lot of the older adults today now were growing up with
gaming, the mindset's there.
It's not going to be as underground as it was when we were all kids.
Yeah, I think gaming has, in a lot of where gaming goes, you just have to look to Hollywood
and where the rest of motion picture television industry has kind of gone.
I feel like gaming's walked a very similar path, but just kind of a few years behind.
I brought up the Me Too movement and its impact in gaming.
Well, that started as a Hollywood thing, right?
And we heard about all the horrific things that were happening with the casting couches,
et cetera, et cetera.
I won't get into it, but you all read it.
But I feel like gaming is walking down a very similar path as we accept as a consciousness,
as a social community, as we accept gaming more and more as an art form.
You know what I mean?
So it's interesting how gaming has kind of had to grow up along with that.
So yeah, but it's hard for me to picture like who that is that sees a movie and goes,
gosh, but I guess it would be like maybe the game that is based on that movie.
It should have happened with the Warcraft movie.
If the Warcraft movie had kind of landed bigger is that you would expect that there would be
people that would see the Warcraft movie and then want to go play World of Warcraft.
But was World of Warcraft very accessible at that time?
Or did it have a lot of edgelords that would yell at people trying to do looking for group
type of stuff?
But then maybe that's also part of the reason the movie bombed, except in China.
One of the other things that I also noticed was we kind of got a little bit of a setback
in the public eye when it came to the movie Ready Player One.
Yeah, they really botched that one.
Yeah, but I will say in like a response to Ready Player One, that Free Guy was a very
good movie to kind of be like, hey, look, a multiplayer game that's like GTA that actually
even though there's like the oh yeah, AI consciousness, this guy realizes he's in a game
and I kind of ignore that in the fact of like, they portray video games pretty good.
And then of course, they're like, Oh my God, yeah, Fortnite moment in Free Guy.
But it's a very beautiful story in that way.
And I think that might have been the kickoff to be like, okay, maybe gaming movies aren't
so bad.
And then you got your Sonic movie, and then you got your Mario movie.
That's it is that gaming movies were always the laughing stock of Hollywood.
They were always bad.
They were never good.
But even yeah, that's a Pikachu came out, though.
That was before Free Guy, was it?
Yes.
Okay, well, then I will take back my claim for Free Guy and say Pikachu move because
Detective Pikachu.
That is just masterpiece.
Hang it up.
That's beautiful.
I will even say, though, that perhaps it was the introduction of successful comic movies
that led to a natural progression toward video game movies.
Because I've seen I even though it's not a great movie, I still love the Dolph Lundgren
Punisher movie.
And I have seen the old Fantastic Four movie that never got released.
And it was better than advertised.
I will also come along.
I'm really scared of that.
I'm really scared of it becoming like the next comics of movies.
Like, because I love comic movies.
I will never say that I do not.
But I feel like we're getting a lot of it shoved down our throats in the way of turning
comics into content.
Yeah, it's it's as it's.
Sorry, continue.
No, no, no, I'm agreeing with you.
I'm agreeing with you.
Yeah, it's the same thing.
Although I also have certain things in that pick about the comic industry itself and what
they're doing with storylines.
But yeah, but I'm just scared that suddenly everything all the games that you want to
see, like instead of because the thing that happened specifically with like, also, oh
my God, what was that game?
Neighbor Hello Neighbor, that game that everyone is super excited about because it had a cool
premise and the game learned with you and it got harder to do.
They completely bombed it because the developers weren't focusing on the game and on the like,
getting it out of alpha and finishing it.
But with the book series and a TV series that wasn't about the game, but about the game
and franchising and movies.
And because they were so focused on what they were going to do after the game, they didn't
finish it properly.
And that's something I'm scared that developers are going to start to lean towards more as
they see big studios coming out with movies about their games.
The other thing that a point out is that this is already though, the model of having a game
and then bringing out a movie iteration of it was already successful in Japan.
I mean, most of the time it was animated.
I mean, how did they finish Danganronpa?
They did an anime.
You know, there were various live action versions of movies.
There was a Galgo 13 movie based off of a manga.
There were games based off of.
There were so many different things.
And then over here, we're finally starting to get why it works.
But of course, like we always do here and I say we collectively, we shove it down your
throat until you're sick of it.
You know, just milk it, milk it, milk it, milk it.
Pixie, you ask a great question that honestly could probably do a whole three hour show
on by itself.
But I think I've taken a lot of time on this one for you guys who are all good.
And but I think what's interesting, too, you know, we talk about, you know, the people
that see the movies that come to our community.
I think we have to remember and I think I'm really preaching to the choir here.
I don't think anyone listening to this program needs to hear it.
But I think this is a message we need to enforce.
And as many of us are content creators now and have our own communities, this is something
to reinforce in our own communities.
And that is the notion that gaming is for everyone.
And we shouldn't keep gaming because there is nothing to gain from that.
The diversity, the various viewpoints, the different opinions, they make gaming and they
make this industry better.
And they've continued to make this gaming industry better.
And they've elevated this as an art form.
So, you know, if you find somebody out there that is like, hey, I saw The Witcher movie
or sorry, excuse me, I saw The Witcher Netflix series, and it made me want to play The Witcher
game.
And now I'm asking for help on this forum.
Be nice to this person.
They're discovering this awesome game that maybe you knew a long time ago.
But again, I know none of you need to hear it.
But I think this is just those like tenants that we need to make sure that the cool people
in gaming are doing this.
We don't need gatekeepers.
The gates are open.
Exactly.
The gates have been open for such a long time.
And I don't want this to turn into like, the D&D thing where they got super mad that new
people were showing up.
Yeah, because it should be for everyone.
We are all gamers together.
Exactly.
They were newbies once too.
We all we all didn't loop our killer the first time we all bit dust.
We couldn't aim the first time we picked up a first person shooter.
So why bash on people learning and we're not safe.
That's even threw up the first time we played a first person game.
To go back to how people would try to discredit Dungeons and Dragons.
We're not Satan worshippers because that was a narrative they would put out there too.
And I used to tell my grandmother, I'm going out to sacrifice chickens.
Bye.
But guess what?
Guess what?
Instead of saying Satan worshippers, they say contributes to gun violence.
That's yep.
That is the Satan worshippers narrative under a different name.
Food for thought.
Yeah.
All right, Fixie.
I love the call.
Thank you so much.
I hope folks consider giving you a follow on the Twitch.
I'm sure you will be seen again on Dark Soccer's channel a little bit later.
At some point.
Oh, yeah.
Not tonight, then another night.
So.
And we may have a Jay.
Ooh, fun fun.
We may have a Shay.
All right.
Love you guys so much.
And happy birthday, Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks.
I appreciate it.
Thank you for that.
We're gonna go do shots.
All right.
Take care, Fixie.
Yell yeah.
Bye.
All right.
Let's bring in one more caller here.
Who would like to call in?
Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It would help if I would unmute my own damn microphone.
It might.
Hey, Rama.
It's good to see you.
How are you?
Well, I'm good.
A little tired.
It's been quite interesting weekend, but you know how we do, you know.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
What's on your mind?
Sorry, I don't have the way to juggle the cameras on the fly real quick for the four
shots.
So sorry.
Dark Soccer's Pig Meg will be off screen for just a moment while we talk to our buddy,
DJ Rama S.
But what's on your mind tonight?
Rama, somebody who does this with Skype on a regular, I understand.
Yeah, there's only so much I can do live.
So what's on your mind tonight?
A couple of things, but there's something we have to do first before anything else.
I was hoping it was this.
I know where you're going.
Orange Lounge Radio turned 21.
We did.
We're old enough to drink.
Well, that's why I have this big old container here that's equivalent to three smaller containers.
By the way, did you see that video of yourself earlier?
DJ Rama S with no gray hairs?
Yes, yes.
The young DJ Rama S Chronicles coming soon to Paramount Plus.
No, Paramount Plus has canceled everything.
I'm sorry to say.
Maybe you can get a deal with Pluto.
Well, they're owned by Paramount, so maybe.
Maybe.
I want to say there is an extended version of us dancing in the background.
It is a part of the caramel dancing sim file, part of Orange Lounge Revolution.
I remember.
See, I was trying to find that in the clip because I swear that was the thing.
But anyway, anyway, please, please do your birthday tribute if you wouldn't mind.
And I just want to stress for the viewers at home under the new Twitch guidelines and everything.
Of course, that is just simply Kool-Aid that is in that glass that DJ Rama S is holding.
Yes, of course.
It is Kool-Aid.
Kool-Aid for cool kids.
Yes, cool kids and mature people.
That's right.
Happy birthday to one and all.
Now, hopefully we'll see you all next year.
I hope so, too.
I hope you're enjoying your distilled wheat juice.
Absolutely.
I have something to wash it down with as well.
So which I think that label said Diet Coke, if I read that correctly.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
In a brand in a new limited edition silver can with with.
Oh, that's the video is getting choppy.
I can't really see that.
Anyway, what's on your mind today, Rama?
Apologies is probably my machine because my machine is wrong.
I'm fucking with you.
Damn it, Rob.
See, I even wore our favorite shirt.
I know.
I was going to say the last time I saw you in person, I have an amazing picture of you
that's floating around Facebook.
That's you.
No, it's you eating a piece of cheesecake wearing that shirt.
It's one of my favorite pictures of you.
I've seen this when we were at one of those diners off Broadway.
Yes, we have to do that again.
We have.
I know we want to come back out.
Victoria does.
Melody would always be down.
It's just it's just a matter of when and money and time, et cetera.
Believe you me, I know now there's a couple of things that came up during the show.
But I want to touch base on now the whole Activision Blizzard King thing and Microsoft
saying, oh, we're throwing in the towel.
Everybody's laughing at Microsoft saying you couldn't hack it.
You couldn't handle it.
But that's how they're going to end up getting a BK because Microsoft says we're not the
number one Sony and Microsoft.
I mean, Sony and Nintendo is they've been kicking our butts.
So all we're trying to do is step our game up.
And that's how they're going to do it.
Yeah.
No, being coming off as the humble.
We're just trying to do our own thing here.
That's that's absolutely the narrative they want, because that's going to make it more
attractive, like, oh, what harm is it going to be if they get Activision?
They're not the biggest one in the room.
That's why Sony is trying to discredit Nintendo as a player in the same game, because
Nintendo, as we know, doesn't make expensive toys.
They just make fun toys.
Yeah.
So what Sony is the president where he's been flipping back and forth?
I hate to say it.
It's his ignorance is going to help be like basically the missing link from Microsoft
to win this.
That's the way I look at it.
Yeah, it's it's going to be interesting how this all plays out.
But, you know, we've been surprised in this before, so we can't assume anything is science
you'll deliver just yet.
And one more thing I want to touch base on.
I don't fully remember the full conversation.
I was running back and forth, you know, doing adult stuff, you know, you know, you know,
happens when you have to be an adult.
But you have mentioned about how you this PS five has become like your dominant console
and you move to Xbox downstairs as entertainment console and so forth.
My brother in Christ, I feel you on this right now.
My primary system is my Xbox.
Watch all of my stuff.
Play all of my games.
I haven't touched my PlayStation four in about six months, and I just re-upped my PlayStation
plus because I got it dirt cheap.
I have a stack of PlayStation games sitting back there, sealed, waiting to go.
And if I'm not on my console, I'm at this PC, you know, playing some games.
And I understand people are talking about how, you know, with game pass and the fact
that every Xbox game is going to be on the console and on the PC, you don't need an Xbox.
I'm like, I look at it this way.
I can either play, oh, halo at my PC, which is very powerful on my 27 inch, 2K screen
or and my computer chip.
Or I can go to the comfort of my bed and relax, play Halo on my 43 inch 4K screen.
And that's something some people do not understand.
Yes, I have a high powered gaming desktop.
The most powerful game that I play on here is Phantasy Star Online.
If it's not for that, the power behind the system is for multimedia, which some people
tend to forget.
So, you know, and it just it you bring up a good point that the right machine is really
dependent on, you know, let's not forget the series S, you know, in the conversation, that
is the right choice for gamers that are either on a budget or maybe just don't need the power
or don't have a 4K TV, which is still the case in some homes and so forth.
You know, they just that's what fits their needs right now.
It's just you get the setup that works for you.
And that's the importance of, you know, when Xbox and Microsoft talks about an ecosystem
and a gaming ecosystem, that's where they want to lead is, you know, have that system
through the cloud, through the series consoles, through the PC.
That's the game that Microsoft really wants to play.
And the game pass connects all of those things together.
And that's why no matter what, there will always be an Xbox system, whereas there will
always be a Microsoft Surface.
The Surface is there to show what Microsoft Windows can do in any type of environment,
whereas the Xbox always be here to show what Game Pass can do.
And honestly, I've seen tech YouTubers do this left and right.
They try to build a $500 PC that's just as potent as the Xbox.
The way things are now, honestly, just go get a PlayStation 5 or an Xbox Series X and
call it a day.
All right.
I have already dropped $250 on memory.
I have dropped over $250 more on a brand new power supply and a brand new all in one
cooler.
I already dropped $400 on an RTX card.
I'm just saying just go with where it's good.
I get it.
I get it.
All right.
Well, Rama, it's after midnight on the East Coast.
We got to wrap up here.
We've had a long show tonight.
Do you have a final thought for our folks tonight before I let you go?
If you get the opportunity, go to Japan.
That's all I got to say.
I wish I'd love to.
I'm going.
I'm taking my passport appointment is Wednesday, and it's a done deal.
It's a done deal.
I'm going in December.
I'd love to meet you there.
I wish I could.
All right.
I'm getting the big enough suitcase, so I will see if I can have a layover in Sac
town.
You know, I got you.
All right.
All right.
Even if you have a layover in SF, that's not that far away.
You know that.
So let me know.
Most definitely.
I got you.
All right.
Love it.
All right.
Take care, Rama.
Thanks.
Thanks for the Kool Aid shot.
Take care.
All right.
Later.
Bye.
All right.
That was lovely.
DJ, thank you so much for giving us a call.
That is going to do it, though, for the almost said the Skype line.
You know, I've been doing it.
He brought up Skype during that call, and now my brain's like, oh, that's going to close
it.
That's going to close up Discord for tonight as we are here to wrap up here.
Real quick, Loki, last minute stories we want to put out there.
Yeah, just had one small thing.
So apparently it's like this just happened not that long ago, either.
There was a trailer for a I think it's for the new Destiny expansion, and it featured
someone else's fan art in there.
Whoops.
Jeez.
And so apparently, thankfully, the artist that made it was just like, well, that's cool,
you know, but Bungee said that we discovered that an internal or external vendor that helped
create this cut scene mistakenly.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It was in game is during a cut scene.
OK, so mistakenly used this art as reference, assuming it was official bungee artwork.
We are currently waiting to hear back from the artists to take necessary steps to remedy
the situation.
Good, so they're planning to compensate and credit them for their work and pay them in
like actual government currency artists what they're worth.
Yeah, not like in-game currencies, give them actual government legal tender currency.
All right.
Thank you all so much for downloading or listening to us live tonight on Twitch and so forth.
I just, you know, again, thank you for taking time out of your week, out of your Sunday
night to be here and participate along with the show.
We really appreciate you.
We wouldn't be here for 21 years if it wasn't for all of you.
And we just we really appreciate all of you.
Thank you so much for helping to make Orange Launch Radio possible.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, help us spread the spread the word.
Tell a friend or two.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify or wherever you found this show goes
an awful long way as well.
Support all of our personal endeavors as well.
We all of us either Twitch or YouTube or maybe even both.
So we really appreciate that as well if you consider taking that extra step as well.
That is going to do it for Orange Launch Radio tonight.
We'll be back in seven days, of course, to start off, I guess, what would technically
be our 22nd year in a way.
But yeah, it's a wild, wild.
Let's go around.
Why does this still say DJ Roma S?
See, this is why I shouldn't change shots on the fly.
It still says DJ Roma S down there.
Should we say Dark Sakura?
So if I could type.
So Dark Sakura, we'll go to you.
My audio is going funky all of a sudden.
Who knew?
Well, before we lose you, then let's get your final thought for the night.
My final thought is stop camping, stop tunneling, learn how to play the fucking game.
And bring tiramisu.
It's the anniversary event after all.
Tiramisu.
I love that it's tiramisu.
It's great.
That just made me giddy.
Well, tiramisu is my favorite, my favorite dessert.
It's a good dessert.
All right.
Have fun with some Dead by Daylight.
I know you're off to go play.
I'll stay fog.
All right.
Bye.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'm just going to keep grinding my craft and hopefully we'll have some progress shots of
wooden pinball.
All right.
Sounds good.
Let's see.
My final thought for the night is I'm going to do, I'm doing this very last minute, but
tomorrow happens to be my actual birthday.
I don't want to make a big, big deal out of it, but I'm going to do a little bit of a
birthday stream.
I'm not going to beg for subs or anything like that, which I understand is I just want,
I honestly, I just want growth.
I want more followers.
I want, I want, you can pay me an exposure.
It's okay.
So I'm going to do just an impromptu birthday stream.
I'm not going to play 16.
I'm going to play games that don't have a heavy narrative tomorrow.
And I'm just going to cycle through some of the greatest hits that I've streamed over
the last year.
Things like Dead by Daylight, things, Diablo 4, No Man's Sky, Final Fantasy 14 Endgame
where there's no story.
And I'm just going to cycle through and try to do a really long stream tomorrow night.
So I can spend my birthday with y'all because what else am I going to do with a birthday
on a Monday?
So I hope you'll stop by and say hello.
That's, that's it.
Twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts, if you want to do that.
Otherwise, that's it for me as well.
So that does it for Final Thoughts.
That does it for the show.
Thanks again for being here and making it a fantastic 21 years.
Shall we go for 21 more?
Baby steps.
All right.
No, in all seriousness, we will definitely see you again in seven days.
Have a good week, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Happy gaming.
And remember, please, please, gaming is for everyone.
And don't you forget it.
Have a great night.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
